yeah Michael you know you're I'm Mike
right like what's going on you guys
give me on a camera here until I see are
right fit and today is Friday and today
is day two guys will be diving for two
days and I could not be hungrier oh I
know speaking of hangry Michael is so
hangry last night know what then
where are you no footage Oh were you
gonna funny you said you were gonna use
it
ah humiliated my kids again no I really
humility got no please
boys words don't you rather I put it out
before someone else does because you
were screaming out these people guys
last night okay historically I have a
hard time being Jason and Friday the
13th and I really hate it when people
run around don't mix that stop it mix
that with the fact that I'm hangry it
did not meet well for the people playing
Jason last night are we really inserting
this absolutely guys check this out oh
yeah happy fun Friday okay guys so we
are playing Friday the 13th and I
promised a lot of people that I was
going to record next time you were Jason
one it cost too much in a few minutes
and you're not be able to use it
yeah Michael you know you're on Mike
right I like it - see this happens back
to me stop using where'd you go
I was gonna run to the car John baby got
this you can do it just pisses me I'm
gonna do this baby
what is he doing right haha probably
laughing at you right now
I can't run forever like what are these
people thinking right now like are they
scared are they actually Congrats you
killed one oh my god Michael if I want
Michael all day you need you do not
throw this control is hating me stop it
well let me do a grab kill because you
somehow
see why you gotta stop I can't handle
this cash sauces we go anybody can hear
me just get out of house I'm just coming
to kill you chill don't even run around
let's start kappa not today's New York I
think is gonna outrun you
no you're not washing Sephora cuz she's
the counselor who can run quicker than
stupid jihad claw how about the
treatment well that's tabatha me Jason
oh I just well are the graveyard she's
going to get help
oh my gosh she probably is
hey I am Wow
alright seven what happened holy crap
they must have left man a lot of people
work at this gate
my dad is betrayed so what is betrayed
two people escaped but okay Shane is
going to do me in calm down take a
breath deep end and you guys thought
there was I want to apologize for
anybody that was subject to that I
apologize
look I was angry my friend she texted me
she's like I feel like Michael needs to
apologize to me she Tabitha's I got a
Paul Jones Tabitha she's kidding but
Jude is laughing so bad like dude you
were you have millions yourself I truly
did guys I realized the interest on
supporting into like six minutes I
apologize that we had that big Jason
seen okay I apologize to everybody I get
like this when I get hungry today fun
Friday that's not fun to laugh at today
is fun Friday and today I'll never
apologize to Tabitha hey never
hey never I'm sorry okay are you happy
Tabitha you good be not serious Michael
okay but I'm even kidding
well I'm sorry for like mystery to you
whatever was I was hanging right let me
go right now we're going to Walmart to
pick something up for dinner and I don't
know what that actually is going to be
probably something with chicken roast
chicken tenders we're having we'll chick
spinners tenders that thing's going to
give me a list for going to LR
that we've never done before and
actually calculate the calories that are
anything you would not believe the
calorie let's do one bowl of my cereal
that I eat in the mornings 500 calories
yeah that is insane that's really the
nut guys I'm not somebody even out of a
pot okay
this is a regular normal sized bowl of
cereal 480 calories almost 90 calories
ridiculous so we're sitting you're
figurin out should I eat cereal for
breakfast or should I make a breakfast I
was like surely if we make breakfast
we're looking at like 10,000 calories no
protect without eggs turkey bacon
great
toast yeah but everything okay I'm Akana
and avvocato 350 calories for a full
breakfast yeah you hey this the first
time you're hearing the number yeah I'm
really excited talking about four pieces
of turkey bacon vinaigrette eggs two
pieces of toast avocado and jelly omelet
says 360 calories less than the bowl of
cereal yeah what yeah hell yeah
now what any of it was go home I mean
heck yeah you pressures up in hell yeah
ad pocalypse tell you saw
we're leaving Walmart right now you guys
and I think Bridget does have a point
I am getting hangry oh my god people
walk in front of him like when they move
I'm just getting really fed up with
everything I'm just hungry and a lot of
people can be like oh well don't deprive
yourself oh I'm not I've eaten okay but
it's just not what I'm used to eat a
veggie Michael what here here
so better how many calories and how many
38 is 130 so I wanted to take a minute
you guys to talk about you know just to
say thank you for everybody and all and
your support you've been giving us
lately I know it's not been easy I've
been having anger problems and I
apologize for that Michael I want you to
walk to the room what we shall walk to
the room no I can't I don't let's walk
to the room at night and yes yes
Bridgette stop let's go to the room I
can't see out the glass okay okay
everybody sit yeah this is we're playing
well she's I want some a solar eclipse
glasses and talk Mike what is it guys
got solar eclipse ha ha ha ha pitch
black I can't see anything there too
dark is this uneven out
no Bridgette alders light there's no
people holding a rifle ok
you see all the sunlight and here's my
car
you know what I mean oh my god wait I
can see the sounds like a ball I say yes
I'm scared up are you scared yes it's
amazing
let me try yeah I told my glasses and
that awesome this is the coolest I'm
really scared right now wow I've never
seen the Sun like this before I just
like an orange bowl this is so bizarre
Bridgette it's so cool
guys I got these off of Amazon if you
guys are interested in looking at the
Eclipse that's gonna sound like they pay
this you can get them anywhere so make
sure they're reputable yeah I mean this
is like they were cheap yeah like
there's more expensive pairs but I you
know I bought the cheap ones because
they work ok Michael stop it
I'm seeing purple I was being helpful
we're not paid to do anything so
Bridgette just had a really good idea
I'm hoping that it works she had the
idea to put this over the lens and see
if you guys can see the Sun so it is no
freaking way oh my goood well guys it's
not as in focus as we see it but that's
pretty much what we're looking at boom
son don't show the Sun why I like back
to blind people that's not gonna blind
people on YouTube what if it binds
people on YouTube showing a sunray no
cool I'm looking right at and I'm fine
oh I'm not it what the hell am I looking
at now I don't know what I'm scared we
shall look at the moon quit being scared
of everything ok one more look at the
Sun guys it's time for us to do a little
bit of cooking and today we're making
grill with my grilled chicken oven
chicken oh that's okay I was real
chicken baked chicken oh that's the
world huh think of a chicken chicken
back don't you messing me up fake shit
you guys boom
alright this right here it is rubbed in
what is all this so I'm sure a lime we
got it from Walmart
hold on fortunately we did it oh you
know everyone goes to Walmart and
they're going to call us out you might
be honest true ok we bought it pre done
at Walmart you guys have this fresh
chicken they do it in the section now
just trying to put it in the oven guys I
got it
I don't watch on the camera myself oh oh
I thought you got this I don't got this
alright I got business with our chicken
we have to have a good little side and
me and Bridget the fighter we wanted
noodles we want noodles so yeah we have
zoodles yeah I know we want zoodles
folks I'll try to track them look we go
zoodles and tomato I'm cooking them a
chicken broth and we got a little bit of
this chicken who you on flavoring we're
going to add to it hopefully makes like
a good dessert I don't know we'll see
anyway back to cooking all right here it
is you guys cilantro grill
and doodles cream corn in a salad on a
berry what we're eating
we're getting out of here soon we're
watching a movie guys movie watch is
called the age of 17 I don't have
anybody wanted to know that or not I
don't know what you're interested in
Owen we're watching the edge of 17 so
you haven't seen it check it out I've
seen it it's great
go ahead let's see just got done eating
dinner it was delicious
the chicken was delicious you guys if
you see some of those like prepackaged
like seasoned chickens from Walmart
check out they are actually really good
and no Walmart's not paying me to say
that right now I'm going outside
I'm chilling just trying to enjoy the
rest of my day let me see if I can that
work hold on
trying to do the spin thing guys here we
go No one more time you know you guys
we're outside and I'm sitting here
looking at like we're about to have like
a horrible storm yeah it's not a storm
really bad here you guys and I started
to think we have a tradition that we do
into storms that we're not going to be
able to do yeah Sunday's are you worried
I know are you guys every time it storms
we get storm snags I really it's an
excuse because we're fat so it's like if
we get storm snacks
we'll probably maintain it's like you
know you guys it's like oh there's a
storm coming well I might as well get
Cherry Garcia and McDonald I not you
know what it's storming it's just a fat
excuse guys one time with McDonald's and
we order pizza and I watched the pizza
guy like struggling in the rain guys I
don't know why we do it we had the
storms next storm snap I think for
anybody else but us
I don't know we also get caught we you
see at car snacks yeah but yes there's
we're like okay we need snacks from the
ride home from the store which is like
two minutes we're like okay we'll get a
chance to get drinkable good tips we
like I don't know what happened we're at
first we were like compulsive shoppers
like whatever you're like checking out
you see all these like gummies just so
we always grab those and guys
there's gonna be a hard storm to live
through but oh well I got fired a
thirteen well what do I got Friday 13 no
we saw how that game turns me okay be a
counsel I'm going to just drop dead
playing that game one day
so anyway guys we're getting ready to do
the outro I just wanted to talk about
the fact that we're about to have a
storm and we ain't got no storm snacks
okay who cares
an apple I care apple when you put in my
mouth of roast me over a fire that a pig
joke no okay guys I'm gonna eat a plum I
don't know why I was just such a weird
thing
I'm gonna eat a plum I'm gonna eat a
plum outro well that's gonna be it for
today guys thanks for watching
what was that sometimes are my teeth
Davida see you know I know here's no one
edit that kind of thing out but you know
what being that I had to embarrass
myself with a Jason okay anyway guys
that's going to be it for today had a
pretty good day we cooked
you saw me embarrass myself playing
Jason and went in a store pretty good
little Friday I must admit Michael does
that often you guys like honestly he's
not that kind of thing Jason it's true I
won't wanna kill to eight out of eight
no think I'm the best and then since
then it's just everyone runs and I can't
go in just any he's actually not that
bad I'm definitely worse lately a middle
block I've been really bad anyways
everyone got better thanks for watching
yeah better than us I want to talk about
anymore guys thanks for watching like
subscribe favorite or anything because
and that's it oh my gosh guys can you
guess what level Friday 13th I'm on take
a guess in the comments section will
tell you tomorrow
if you're writing if you want to draw a
kiss or a little oh yeah
