okay why do you let it go know what's
going on you guys give me on a camera
but do eyes here right there and today
is it Wednesday and today it's time to
put on my detective cap because I have a
feeling something's going on I don't
like it and it stings yes guys doctor's
appointment that's all I'm talking about
I do know doctors important we're going
to get in that just a minute guys today
is Wednesday and today oddly grandpa
invited me over for dinner hmm
that just sounds a little too where is
that ever invited me over for dinner on
a Wednesday guys if you don't follow my
blogs every time I start a diet grandpa
suddenly has some delicious meal planned
come on over Michael we're having peeps
that go on over lasagna come on over
Michael fried chicken and you guys today
he's done it again I got a text this
morning if you didn't see the blog we
uploaded yesterday we said we're dieting
today invited me over for dinner
yeah and guess what I'm making what is
it you don't know no is it fried chicken
it's fried chicken you've got to be
kidding me
it's fried chicken and like the fattiest
gravy ever guys missing equipment how
now angry grandpa is a diet saboteur
yeah uploaded a blog titled that before
he is a diet saboteur he wants us to
fail at our diet today I'm questioning
everything but first I got to go to the
doctor wait I just got to say one thing
it's not going to work right am i I
don't know yeah we're headed to
grandpa's house in just a few minutes
you guys but first I actually got to
stop and have a conversation with my
doctor about my sleep apnea results
because I got a man he's probably going
to tell me I'm the worst he
a sleep apnea that he's ever seen no no
think so
probably yeah you are you probably gonna
tell me on horrible he's probably gonna
tell I'm not let you do this to me
oh your friends oh god okay going to my
doctor
well a little too far over guys I just
got out of my doctor's appointment I got
sleep apnea as we all knew right
like I got sleep apnea so I work will
get in a machine he was telling about my
diet I was talking to him about the
dials and well why'd you bring that up
because I want to lose weight anyway so
anyway guys we're going to grandpa's
house right now let's cross those
fingers that they make some delicious
meal thou not lead me into temptation
please not today we just got to
grandpa's house you guys and before we
walk into the front door I got to show
you something this before we walk into
the front door I've got to show you the
front door what the hell happened
instead of wonder like yeah what
happened Ramanna
what's up everybody wait what is this
please oh wow it's awesome
no he didn't
we got everything go go over those oh
that videos along with whatever little
bad guys
I wrote the love seat again there for
Tom yeah you bought lusby no you didn't
he broke the love seat that time yeah
that's all right
did he really yeah okay gone so we're
just opportunity because it's
embarrassing me every time you talk
about me breaking the love I don't think
you broke it as ain't now stop it
he did wake up why you can't embarrass
my man
you what you trying to embarrass our man
nobody said anything to me nobody told
me no loveseat for broke here we go
money
you break it you buy it and you have an
ASP is about it yeah yeah yeah okay easy
to deal yet yeah are you okay yeah I
excuse me with all this Billy what's all
food you may turn the kitchen I mean you
only thirty hooded lady all right
chicken mashed potatoes gravy ain't
surprised a lot either rolls guys I'll
say this out loud I told you guys every
time that I sort of diet this man cooks
my favorite meal not anymore
alright you know I know right your dad
right yeah I go supporting now well hold
on I want the option no I just got it he
said he's not going to satisfied you
know this seems like he's like actually
in a horrible mood because of that don't
dare you better your life right here I
didn't break the chair goes on a diet I
can closely
you try to start ah shit don't see them
to it you got this oh my god we got this
another oh yeah I got this
go to the door Bobby cool down
hello get Nick holy ocular refrigerator
you had me doing that door and fix
across the floor and as you look a bit
surprised that such thing need get it
done it's gotta go back up tonight
it feels good out I can't do it I was
actually going to ask what that why is
the door that is because of the
furniture as it is know it okay y'all
got should going up soup yeah and I
wasn't going to courage to the back
thank Karen it did ask me and learn
about chainsaw and series all cuz hat
are y'all all the good stuff happens
more not here I know what is going on
well Laura when Jason on that day so
you're aware I won't be eating Oh nope
then I will be cooking no mom
alright why main purpose okay well you
need to be boy no more well Jeannie
she's hungry I learnt good food yeah
what about Jenny
I think you savage me happy you don't
need a food anyway what's that supposed
to mean and you know Sandra cedar Linda
of Maryland she'd be a little narrow
you know why the way or what them Norman
okay I know look at it I think so do
how's the says hey you're losing weight
doesn't mean that we have to he's losing
way because he's mounted malnourished
and starving you need to gain some
weight yeah according to doctors so what
one two out of two doctors stay grant
money to gain weight yeah
guys we're chilling up give me secret in
is good guys work hanging out with
Grandpa for a while we're not eating I'm
gonna check out this new furniture I'm
gonna talk to my dad and maybe Ginny
puts the door up she says she you doing
it you know if I do it you know what you
can help me yeah I get it
oh just a better
oh nevermind nevermind I never I know
the door you go to no never hurt me oh
yeah Lynn's that ever hurt anybody
besides our feelings dramatic what are
you doing wait no that's it
so I'm sitting here at the table you
guys we're going to be giving adding her
in just a minute but I was talking to
Grandpa about boogie2988 and I was
telling them how yesterday Ruby actually
got gastric bypass surgery and we were
talking about it because dad got that
surgery himself
what night or 9,000 Wow I remember we
lived in South Congaree
yeah so you got this surgery you guys we
were sitting you're wondering if you
guys want to hear the story
I managed to come up with him drainage
tubes hanging out of it yeah it was it
was really like guys if you want to hear
the story smack the like button we will
make a video we're going to address it
to boogie and anybody else was getting
the gastric bypass
luckily the surgery isn't as bad now as
it was when you got excited because out
of that you got it you know it's gone
better you actually died on the table
didn't you yeah it didn't finish it so
like we got to call you guys me mama
Charles we had a call and they said your
dad is dead or they said he's dead and
we went to the hospital we left in the
whole ride back to the hospital
we thought dad was gone and we got there
he actually wasn't grandma Bremen blah
Beach was a gay lot we couldn't believe
it so if you guys want to hear more
about this smack the like button
boogie I'm really happy man that you
know you're feeling better I heard on
Twitter that he's already up and walking
around it was going over a bogey he's
already fixed all that he's been on like
a six hundred calorie like Diana very
small meals so like how long were you in
bed forever yours well I had mine I was
I was in the hospital like two week and
boogie I believe is already out
or getting ready to leave one like
overnight have it's crazy but guys if
you want to hear us hear the story let
us know dad you want to cover doesn't
let up yeah I can't really not really
reach look as you guys hi
what good if it was right here the whole
time our ego now this is something I
like to see what cheese I like seeing
this dad what you walking around and
doing stuff I've gotta give him
struggling sometimes that's good man
that's a lot better okay I'll be honest
I thought a lot to put a plate of
ketchup in the oven she smells like okay
we have more problems to worry about now
she's trying to fake ketchup cumberly go
ahead and that's no I'm just talking my
way
oh yeah pushed your would let me pick
this ah why you why can't it roll good
luck I see James been cooking again
heard burnt food
oh that's me
done grandpa cooked food today I'm
cooking a while you're right it comes
out that I think it was good it was good
okay guys tears you better watch it
dad's gonna flip sir yeah he's trying to
tense up Doug said the foot was barks we
think you cooked it next holiday dinner
or I'm here in a journal already over
and the store way to people holiday oh
you can get a shower oh it is I never
seen somebody get offended because
they're gonna take a shower
your heritage your face your facial hair
is gone I cut the grass and they ever
heard them before you took a bath I
don't think so I was hoping that would
have been here but again hoping the hell
I did I hit well you're really you're
really good person the hell I am immoral
all right before we get out of here you
guys Jennifer just brought me some fan
mail that came to the PIO box and I
wanted to show you guys because it's
really cool usually we just open and we
respond accordingly but this one I
wanted to show in camera came from a guy
named Brad he has a YouTube channel
called that's Brad go check him out he
made me a homemade wand and there's a
crystal on it now he has on his channel
a video of him making the wand this is
awesome and made one for Bridget oh cool
this is awesome says mine was made out
of a 300 year old oak tree and Bridget's
was from plying so I wanted to take a
minute to say Thank You Brad seriously
it's really cool give me one second
Avada Kedavra
not quite I still got it we got to go to
Auto Works oh my goodness are you
collecting about two hours or no oh
well yours in the oven this is superb
but 100 nothing no nothing let it go no
no yeah oh this is why it doesn't let it
go because my dinner
yeah well because this does look pretty
good actually I came hot as hell we just
got home you guys going to be getting
out of here soon I've been saying that a
lot I kept saying we're leaving dad's
and we did it now I'm going to be
staying here where we give Matt but
we're not guys I'm not getting out of
here just yet before I do get out of
here though I wanted to take a minute to
give you a little update on dad's health
because today was very positive for me I
was very happy with what I saw as I told
you guys when you saw him one theme I
was really encouraged to speed that up
walking around making his own plate and
so off-camera we talked a little bit
about that and I was asking him how he
feels you know how's it going and he
told me he doesn't have any strength you
know he hasn't regained his strength but
he had a ton of stamina and that was
very encouraging I really loved hearing
that because guys for a while he was
very very out of it you probably saw a
little bit on the vlog so I was very
worried about that and so for him to
tell us that he's got more stamina
well that's very positive is that a UFO
what the hell is that
UFOs confirmed on Kibby Honda cameras
vlog maybe I'll use it as a tight hajeck
stop my toe
guys I'm how dad that was good news
chilling here rubella right now what up
girl hi we dealing with girl I'm just
sitting here editing the vlog and she
comes walking up to me you happen to be
home how much you collide nope he left
you happy to have a song Bella I'm a big
girl
we look like out a butt oh I can't film
your face to pee just running around
buddy
hey I think they messed as you guys yep
Bella sure did
she'll be gone all day alright class let
me feel me face for just a second so mom
it could be happy when she watches there
you go alright we'll cover this getting
out of here in just a second you guys
but before we do I wanted to take a
minute to answer one question that a lot
of people have been asking me am I going
to SummerSlam 2017 in New York this year
no guys I'm not going to New York this
year number one because dad's got all
this health stuff going on number two is
not the way I know a lot of people going
to say because I said I miss VidCon is
because of the way that's not it
the main reason that I'm skipping
SummerSlam this year solar eclipse guys
I don't know how many of you are aware
but we are having the biggest solar
eclipse in my lifetime this year I can't
talk into exciting guys this year August
21st we're having the biggest solar
eclipse and just cutting right through
South Carolina we're going to have a
really good view for it we're not going
to have the Sun for like two three
minutes and I want to vlog it I'm going
to be there we got to get glasses guys
that's the reason I'm skipping
SummerSlam so I can say I was there to
see the Eclipse let's do this outro
folks bridget is actually in the shower
so going in the room I'm going to get
her to do the outro anyway guys that's
going to be it for today had a pretty
good day when to Grandpa's house for
dinner
had a good time I have to do the outfit
so I got to do it one way or the other
the guy that's going to be it dad I'm
glad you're feeling better
sorry you burped some of the food but
who cares about it like subscribe
favorite alright play ball I'm not
coming in okay life may bring and now I
turn the camera I know I would have done
