some reason fasting just like totally
exploded look at what's going on you
guys
to be on camera you device here right
there and today is Tuesday and today if
you're wondering why the vlog is going
up so late it's because we haven't
started it until about 6:30 at night you
guys we've been waiting all day to find
out news from DES about boogie2988 guys
if you don't know who boogie2988 is or
you don't know what's going on today he
is undergoing weight loss surgery and
this is a surgery that i've experienced
through my family my dad had this
surgery back in 96 and so I would just
been sort of sitting here waiting to
find out some information and she
actually just tweeted that he got out of
the surgery everything went okay so
bougie love you man I'm really happy I'm
starting to vlog off now
I've been worried not that I should man
you're a tough bastard you got this oh
you got this yeah he got this guy's
boogie is making a positive change to
lose weight and this is probably going
to be a long intro because I wanted to
take a minute to talk to you about my
weight because it's my lane I was going
to make a joke and you interrupt it I
was going to say it's a growing problem
guys
there's no secret that I've gained
weight everybody knows give me a second
hold this this whole time I have had
something like foot oh oh my god what is
what is that
no what is this was it in your foot yes
I've been vlogging this whole time like
hmm like it's a needle this looks like a
needle to you it looks like a staple
yeah okay Stables not a needle you guys
tetanus I just threw it back on the
floor to step one again
scene boogie makes such a positive like
attempt to change his life inspires me
to want to do the same you
I know I've gone on several crash diets
and the pay you all call me out on I
tried and I try and I fail we both fail
we tried it's like I don't want to be
fat I hope you guys know that I don't
want to have to get a sleep apnea
machine and I don't want to worry if I'm
going to have a heart attack before I'm
40 I want to live this way and it's just
hard harder than I can even explain to
you guys to actually lose the weight
it's an addiction just like anybody else
has an addiction and I would I want to
change it you guys this is a hard life
to live it's hard to be fat it's super
hard being fast guys there's so many
things that I've missed out on right
like sometimes I don't go places because
I'm overweight part of the reason I
didn't go to VidCon this year olds cuz I
gained 20 pounds I don't anybody to see
me that's you know it's sad it's
embarrassing it's like fine I'm going to
VidCon at all she doesn't want to go to
VidCon because she's gained weight and
she's afraid people going to take
pictures I make fun of her for it
happens to us in stores and it's like
when you get to that point you have to
make a decision to try to lose weight
and you guys I'm not going to promise
you that six months from now pickleball
is going to be read right I'm not really
guys look at that look what I did to me
yeah I'm not saying that six months I
could be 300 pounds heavier than I am
right now
I don't know I'm not I'm not making any
promises honestly I just want to get
healthy because I would kid we want kids
I want to be a dad and it's like when
you're this big and it gets the emotion
when you're this big you don't know if
you should even attempt to have kids
because what if you're not there for
them so I got it I want to lose weight
I'm trying and seeing boogy try to make
changes in his life inspires me to try
to make changes in mine so that's what
we're going to try to do and you guys
I'm not promising you like that I won't
fail I'll probably fail it's like it's
what happens I go good for a couple of
weeks then I'm like you know what I got
to eat and then I go crazy and then I
forget and so I'm not making you any
promises and the widow and the Wikipedia
page is going to be updated saying
failed at a diet again it s what happens
when you do this in front of a camera
and that's what makes it harder but I'm
going to try that's the goal
boogie I love you I'm glad you've made
such positive changes because it's
inspired me to want to do the same and
laugh i regime so we're going to try
that's the goal
you know we got a lot of junk food we
can throw out we got a lot of like more
junk food we just got a lot of junk food
oh come on don't be sad I don't want
this to turn into a somber like sad
moment it's good I just like you guys
when I had to get what I had to get that
sleep apnea machine no pun intended that
woke me up having sleep apnea got me
woke like seriously I've got to sleep
apnea I weigh close to 400 pounds
surprisingly I weigh really close to
what I did we were doing the way of
Wednesday I weigh 375 pounds I weigh
guys I just censored what she said
because I don't want to risk apart in
the comments far away no guys
surprisingly we don'twe way more like I
was doing my taxes for the taxes last
year and we spent
michael sensor that sensor it now guys
we've spent a lot of dollars on food all
you got to say guys today is Tuesday
sorry for the super long intro the
blog's probably actually going to be
ending here really soon because it's so
late and we didn't do anything we are
going to the store boogy I'm really
happy for you I'm really jealous that
you're going to be making progress is
that I won't be making jealous you can
do it we both can do it and boogie we
are really happy for you of course
boogie I'm so happy for you man because
you made the decision that you had to
make for your life and we talked last
night I talked to him and you said some
things that really moved me I was
explaining my situation I'll get to that
later in the blog actually I'll talk
about that but guys let's get this
Tuesday started I just wanted to let you
know that we're trying with boogie guys
let's get this day started we're going
to the store right now you guys before
we do I wanted to make a quick point to
let you guys know that we won't be doing
like weigh-in Wednesdays or anything
because we could okay so this is
happening real real adult prison we're
making adult decisions while you act
like this it's not funny guys we're not
going to doing the weigh-in Wednesdays
because it becomes too distracting if I
stop it
let her go go without me
she won't cuz she doesn't like going to
wear by herself guys she's gone the
reason we're not going to be doing we're
the reason we're not doing the weigh-in
Wednesdays because it comes to
distracting when we fail everyone just
Jesus I'm going to open up here guys
we're just going to be doing this
privately and hopefully we met we show
progress we're going to the store right
now stop it now bro what the hell five
four three two you did your worth of GPA
brush you like a friggin
she has lost her mind she dude this is
like Grand Theft Auto at this point you
just hear riding off laughing okay
seriously this is a GTA at this point
guys we're just going to be doing this
privately just hopefully we got progress
to show you guys yes you bet I don't
care anymore we're going to the store
what a Fuji a potato
probably delicious
apples I'm pretty sure I love these
experiments here honey ass so rap a
store getting fruits and vegetables just
overall healthy stuff and it may be
stopped to think somehow all the stuff
that people tell you so I want to try to
stop some of the fighting in the comment
section right now because you have a lot
of people that fight over what's the
right way to try to do something like
this and it just turns into heat like
one person one time came them into like
hey I've got the answer I know how I'm
making a big mistake I'm like oh god
please let me know
he was like cans of green beans I don't
think I don't know I don't think so
yeah I kind of always thought it was
from like McDonald's people huh it is
done guys it's not the cans of green
beans while I'm gaining weight while
there might be a connection I don't know
the real problem is the faster dude yes
we're going to try to do what we can
like I said I'm not making any promises
it's probably going to be the only vlog
I even talked about it but we're trying
that's to go so this is all the fruits
and vegetables we're giving you guys we
got bananas watermelon and cauliflower
to make in a cauliflower mash basically
about fifteen thousand dollars with the
fruits of that see that's one of the
problems people can't lose weight
because fruits and vegetables are so
expensive right like that cauliflower
mash do it five dollars for this alright
I saw her but I'm too lazy to buy a
cauliflower and do it myself but still
that's like four dollars so yeah it's
really expensive dilute I think it's a
lot easier to instead of get Raisin Bran
crunch I get fruity pebble and it's
fruit right guys let me know in the
comments section what do you think of
the best cereal and I should get what
the
oh okay can we just take a second to
talk about that reaction seriously I'm
so excited but she found the lost city
of Zul Oh pumpkin spice I can spice
Aereo is it already coming in here y'all
tell me they'll tell me our house about
us are smelling of pumpkin spice we're
leaving the store you guys while we were
checking out one of our bottles just
freakin exploded like everywhere it was
sauce bridges picked up and like
exploded from the bottom yeah you guys
it was so embarrassing
guys Shh check this out so Bridget
busted ass off all over to crown Michael
it was an activity some reason fasting
just like totally exploded look at it
one person actually came up to me like
hey that's not puke is it Mike no man is
Tomatoes yeah it was all over she had to
wipe off the stuff and it was
embarrassing guys went away home we got
a lot of stuff on our way home and here
it is you guys we got the glass jar
still we this it just like yeah is there
such thing as like pressure in the jar
that could cause it to do this I don't
know folks but this happened to us today
how was your day all right we're going
to open up and hopefully nothing comes
out this time please please please
please please please oh we're all good
folks thank God we made it that's almost
going to be it for today you guys thanks
for watching I realized it might either
be a short vlog or not much happened in
it but just in one of those days I want
to take a minute for we get out of here
to address a boogie2988 directly and to
you guys you know one of the reasons
that I was awaiting the news so
dramatically I guess you could say is
you know
butI to 988 is the very first person to
ever reach out to me on youtube I had my
12,000 subscribers 25,000 subscribers I
was new and they reached out to me me
and he told me he loved the channel and
he wanted to do a parody of us the
Mountain Dew Francis video which is one
of his most popular videos and I was
honored that somebody was so much online
recognition would write me and want to
talk to me and he stayed in touch after
that and through that I built a
friendship of boogie and that takes me
to VidCon two years ago I wasn't going
to go part of the reason was the way
like I talked about earlier but boogie
called me and he was like dude what are
you doing or you know you what the hell
you doing so Jack gave you the phrase
his voice but he called me you think
what are you doing there is a
make-a-wish Foundation kid here and he
really wants to meet you and I got on a
plane and I flew out to VidCon right
away and I met up with boogie and he
treated me like family he invited me out
to dinner with him I went out to the
make-a-wish foundation thing it was so
moving of an experience and I was able
to share that with boogie and it meant
so much to me and he invited me out to
dinner with the finebros and the people
who do unreal engine and it was just I
felt accepted and through that I learned
how many people boogie actually affected
how many lives he touched and you
realize really quick boogie is probably
the nicest guy on YouTube no joke no you
know no BS boogie2988 is just a
genuinely really like awesome guy so him
going through any kind of pain is you
know for one it's sad but it's really
cool to see that he's making such a
profound change in his life you know a
lot of people didn't understand what
it's like to be addicted to food it's
like me and boogie grew together because
we both have the same type of childhood
we you know we came from broken homes in
a way and we used food as a coping
mechanism with that and sometimes we
still do I'm resolved
we eat away but guys boogie being able
to stop as inspiration for me to be able
to stop so boogie I love you
everything's good man like I said dad
got this surgery and back when he got it
it was medieval and the doctor even lost
his license to malpractice it's like it
dad survive that you're good with this
one man I love you
you got this we're going to do this
outro now my arm is tired maybe you
wouldn't be if I lost a little weight on
guys let's go do this outro well that's
going to be it for today you guys thanks
for watching
boogie I'm really happy that you're you
know just okay one of the best people
that I know like nobody has treated me
like outside of this YouTube thing no
one's treated me like family like you or
inside of this YouTube what no youtubers
ever treated me the way you treated me
like family from the get-go I love you I
think if you like family dude I'm really
happy you're okay
I've been worried all day but you're the
man I loved you guys gonna get out of
here like subscribe favorite everything
do it
I mostly I love you guys so much
bogi I love you I'm really happy repent
really
math love you
you
