attention the following vlog is a
cook-off between me and Bridget let me
know in the comment section right now
who do you think won the cook-off me or
Bridget also smack the like button if
you want me to have a cook-off with
grandpa mano y mano what is it I cannot
escape this game click like for a
cook-off between me and grandma
what's going on you guys get me out of
camera here here right there and today
is Monday today is Monday and today if
you didn't see the blog we uploaded
yesterday
grandpa had a complete meltdown guys
he can't bake bread at least without a
bread maker guys check this out I
already seen grandpa freak out over that
bread really made me start to think
about intimidating dishes what are some
things that I feel like I can't cook
that I've tried before fail that didn't
like it you know what I mean yeah like
like everything I cook or Chinese food
guys I can't make Chinese food for the
life of me I really really can't do it
and didn't make me think of another one
what something I think we need tonight
what Pizza guys I freaking love pizza
guys I cannot make pizza I've tried for
me it was a younger thinner pickle boy
and he was optimistic and bright-eyed
and bushy-tailed and he wanted to make
pizza and he failed at it and there is
also a very hot frigate back then but
you're still beautiful Oh guys I thought
I could make pizza I couldn't for one we
use turkey pepperoni I love girly
wanking like why was I've been used
turkey pet I was like I want to keep my
sin figure now I'm like I want us to
fuck up erotic guys need to help guys
think that you'll get honey
Sparkie pepperoni otherwise guys today
we're making pizza today well I should
have a screw the depression incident as
a guy say Reagan beats on our way to the
store right now you guys to get the
stuff to make delicious scrumptious
actually this time edible pizza the last
time it was not edible
I think we lied on camera said it was
delicious it wasn't we got a couple of
surprises we might make a dessert pizza
I
no we're definitely gonna do like a
traditional like pepperoni kind of like
hamburger pizzas just something
traditional and Bridget had the idea to
make an outbreak Oh pizza alfredo
spinach folks pizza night is about to be
lit yeah guys you ain't even ready for
this you wait your mom right but you're
not even ready for this Michael I'm not
ready no neither am i none of us are I
should have let you in there right right
I just can't how to keep the scene going
cover the lens we just got to publish
you guys it is time for us to get all
the ingredients to make homemade pizza
eating it first spinach now I don't know
if you guys know what we're doing what
kind of pizza took we be making Michael
you already told them well you already
told them we're making alfredo pizza
finish Alfredo okay halibuts you Bridget
this piece the thing is daunting I think
we abandon it life Michael you have a
hole in you turn one
you have a hole in your shirt what right
there hey hey oh just do the sieve
freaking chef we already pizza maker
Michael okay dude there's a u12 like
this pizza your question there seriously
a hole yes now you're not it's okay
really
if there's a hole ah bleep Michael it's
not a big deal it's under your arm we
just got home it's time for us to start
our pizza but first I wanted to take a
minute to talk about the short alluring
teen stars the greatest youtuber in the
open damn it I'm s I'm sorry Kim shows
the greatest youtuber in the world and
I'm wearing the wrong size shirt I
ordered it they sent me the wrong size
you guys this is a fricking large I
don't think actions portable hearts guys
this is thick guys come on
anyway I'm going to be wearing this
shirt while I make the pizza let's hope
it doesn't rip off of my body Incredible
Hulk style before I finish let's cook
them
so the first step is our pizza sauce you
guys we're going with a homemade soft
that starts off with a little bit of
olive oil a little butter and a little
go to this I am adding tomato paste to
death I'm adding salt pepper oregano and
sugar then the next and hopefully final
part is add one can of crushed Tomatoes
excuse me really good a horrible I'll
let you guys know soon how it can't be
bad and there's a lot of ways you can
screw us off we go find out if I did
every hopefully not pretty good sauce
you guys completely on they'll ignore
they go with this then okay I wasn't
completely happy with this why I added a
little bit of the razzo pizza sauce okay
I'm sorry you didn't turn out the way
that I wanted are you keep my stomach
showing up here Who am I dating pizza
nights over it's over
you got a crust I'll roll down here you
guys this right here is garlic butter
with basil and I'm just going to take
this and put it over it first next up is
top of some pizza sauce
go right over there start in the center
go outwards mozzarella cheese time oh
yeah oh yeah I give you a healthy junk
food and get some of that cheese
sprinkle here is are you ready folks
hold up
cheese sprinkle oh yeah hopefully my
pizza better in Bridget's
now guys this is a battle just like
healthy junk food my pizza versus
Bridget pizza we don't find out agree on
no this girl's gonna win I'm making out
Fredo
we'll challenge it's definitely a
challenge but how he started made over
I've already won it look guys she's got
our Fredo puff cooking up and you've
seen her recipe before let's see if it
translates to pizza
he would go folks oh snap
with mine oh my god pickle boys attempt
folks all right are you guys I got a
pizza cutter now this thing's been
handed down from generation to
generation
you monster some family didn't buy the
public just now here we go host get a
nice little cook it's amazing I've
messed up wine here love it
so crust bottom aside here we go folks
that's good oh man ah Oh Michael tell
none folks might beat the down gosh
Bridget Pisa to go told you was too soon
by the way with millions ready to cut
into this I was like let it cool down
it's too hot okay thinking about it for
a man by the way when we were 16 I just
urges thing like when you eat pizza you
want a hot okay we'll take a bite uh-huh
carlins you just didn't do it I swear to
God I really really really thought that
it wasn't enough I don't know how you
did this but it is driving it it's like
magic
I could have done that while people no
no it isn't I may be a most important
part they had the your balls balls belly
mine do it how about this it's our teeth
okay short pizza so what is this this is
how many alfredo sauce and I'll test to
it you guys that actually is really good
I might win huh we'll see so what are
you doing now I'm trying to finish in
the afraid to give it flavor you know
like what spin is okay but I get it okay
you're better than me
no I'm not this looks good the
impression you don't have pawned me so
hard I'm not yours looks really good
chill bro oh my god
this is probably good here's bridges hey
man I'm not having them
I hope it's good it's God we happen to
guys I'm afraid
bottom yeah is it folks so I can kind of
sabotager oh yeah course not this blog
started as a battle
me versus Bridget the pizza cook-off the
great pizza cook-off now Michael is
gonna win right and then I saw her visa
folks feast your eyes on this
oh my god no way dude Bridget oh yeah
keep blinking them is all for tactical
giving you the best oh my god open the
trash hey no this is really good
not this guy go let it be the crap I'll
look at melty cheese all my colors oh
I'm done with pizza making baby
dude I'll go see it that was good oh my
god ratchet it was do the cross test Oh
deal broke she wins on all fronts why
you cut it you let's cut some pizza this
is just beautiful
no no doing this right here is what
Picasso is going for true art right here
guys
oh I can't see nothing what if it's
horrible yeah he's like crap it won't
the kitchen it even call me Bruce Issa
holy crap this is better than offering
no it's not look at that oh my god
alright here we go folks
good yay Bridget wins
really she went damn it I thought I had
something special there
all right who's your vote for you don't
see I don't like that okay don't pity on
me and give me a vote your pizza
obviously wins guys it's so good
seriously best if you want to make one
at home leave that one really good the
alfredo sauce is really simple was
arrest me for that penny grin butter
garlic salt pepper arm cheese it's
really simple you let it cook let it
thicken up a little bit guys the time to
put our dessert pizza and she wins all
right you guys now comes apart that
nutty I was ready for dessert pizza now
I've already made the dessert pizzas in
the oven but I'm going to show you the
step by step process first step was I
took vanilla pudding and I mixed in some
cream cheese step 3
I added marshmallow fluff I mixed it I
added it on a pizza and I popped it in
the oven this hopefully is a brand new
pizza that we invented and not a
complete fail that's going to set our
house on fire let's hope we don't set
our house on fire because it's a very
real possibility well here's the PC guys
now adding a little bit of this
chocolate syrup a little bit of a spiral
bone here we go Bridget why are you
kneeling cuz I would sit I don't know
baby Jesus okay good
this is real good oh I need to try those
both you weren't ready version why are
you kneeling I like to be like you come
on come on saying nothing by that maybe
both we just have been in a frickin
dessert pizza this was like a custard
pizza I baked it chocolate syrup this
thing is good now we're going to finish
up the blog got a little more living to
do
not much mostly a cooking blog that's
almost going to be it for today you guys
thanks for watching going to be doing
the outro in just a second before I do
the outro I wanted to take this moment
to ask for your guy's opinion okay I've
got a little too dark maybe stick around
here guys I wanna know your opinion on
what kind of thing me and grandma should
cook if you guys want us to do the
cook-off so first click the like button
if you want us to do the cook-off - if
you wants to do the cook-off let me know
what you think we should cook I'm trying
to get how to do something more fun for
grandpa you know it's kind of monotonous
for him just sitting in his house he
wants to have a little bit of fun I know
it's boring them to death just chill in
that house and I can understand so I'm
trying to think of some fun stuff for
him to do I'm working on the you know
gummy food real food challenge you guys
click like for that a while ago so I got
that planned I'm trying to have a lot of
fun with them I think this cook-off is
exactly what it needs so let me know in
the comments section what do you think
we should do smack the like button if
you think we should have the cook-off
that's going to be with me and Grandpa
but anyway outro time Bridgette I don't
know how you did it but your pizza
destroyed my pizza and I'm stunned she
beat me where that's going to be after
today you guys thanks for watching if
you're wondering why am I wearing this
it's a form of humiliation because I
lost the cook-off
wearing Wyatt
okay guys
Bridget beat me in the cook-off I gotta
give it to you you want now you want to
go you quit being modest okay you're
allowed to when some no usually when I
tell Michael the truth he cries lies on
crops and that's not the subgroups oh
and he goes to bed early you 100 beat me
in the cook-off that she knows it okay
and thanks for watching remember let me
know what kind of food you want me and
Grandpa to have a cook-off with that'll
be fun hopefully doesn't that I can't
cook cause it'll be unfair but it would
be unfair so you'll be like you know
freaking pot roast which I know I can't
beat them out but anyway guys that's
going to be it for today like subscribe
favorite on everything pretty eyes and
let me put this back on my face although
I need it yes I do I lost no one and I
gotta go really favorite everything
because that's it
you
