do Jin eg fro looking dynamite is you're
doing good
hmm yeah you know things I read
what's going on you guys give me a
camera here I was in here just being
life with Jen here whether the name your
channel landfill set just like Jenny
green here is it this is intro what's
going on you guys get me out of camera
here Dan here the others who don't want
to talk
grandpa write their letters over there
Brizzy to fill the house right now you
guys she's gonna be coming over just a
little bit turn it this way but today is
Sunday and today I got over here in time
to do breakfast with Grandpa but
unfortunately nothing happened it went
smooth as silk startling Ginny's lyin
nothing happened guys she served him
breakfast he was happy it was fine
nothing went wrong I don't know it's
just that's just what I'm saying and
you're here
well it's possible with anyway today is
Sunday the first thing that we did was
went to the store this was that we're
looking for honey butter right now and
they don't have it I'm freaking average
we are making rolls tonight and without
that honey butter
see they have this one but I don't think
it tastes enough like the Ryan's honey
butter now you're not
put it above you know we're doing now
you are no you are not come on I don't
eat like it we're going to throw it away
them now
dude I don't know what's going on kids a
freakin YouTube troll at Walmart right
now what is going on what if we get
father and honey and make ourselves and
compare it to this we slap you like okay
let's get butter maybe some out of fit
okay I can't believe it's not butter why
I want butter what Moorhead
okay good price regalness $48 84 well
this probably has glass in it or
something
by the way I'm just kidding there is no
glass in that butter just had to say
that for legal a source jug we have been
looking for hunting in the past like I
feel for hours
feels like pork it's probably not wait a
minute you might be able to see her oh
my god oh sorry man
yeah it was over here I'm embarrassed of
the season yeah it was an aisle over I
was being really masking where's the
honey
here it is you're not going to open it
in the store are you but we're going to
get okay even you were not they got had
that at grocery stores taste before you
buy you're not tasting them how about
this one were you
well you probably should get a cheaper
one okay got it and you know Jan if you
need to taste it remember the last time
you tasted honey that's what it tastes
like
because it's a are you going on Blair
watch it okay
all right I'm getting mad Laurie I mad
about it
come store doesn't happen anything but
I'm looking like what wait
get what oh right out because I'm
thirsty
hey what does it taste like I I don't
know is you're waiting for what's the
flavor
I was it tastes like I don't know I
can't describe it can you describe soda
with a tape like Mountain Dew the citrus
okay what does Pepsi
she's a still yeah sweet there we go
it's sweet Virginie I don't know what to
tell you
yeah I call you Bridget well Kim Bridget
and even someone with a female I call
them Bridget oh it's sweet I cover the
lens it's cooking with Grandpop on you
guys and I promised yesterday I would
teach you how to make grandpa's pot
roast and it is delicious so step one
you get a London broil all right yeah
and you just salt and pepper it here it
is right now you guys you put some sea
salt over it now he's adding pepper I'm
excited to see what step because I don't
know how to make it I'll be honest with
you guys I've wanted to make it but I
don't know how what is this
garlic a little bit of garlic so it
gives a light flower over this and we're
going to fry the thing lightly I assume
I don't know how I'm just watching I'm
absorbing once you flip it you're going
to repeat what you just did salt pepper
on the other side salt pepper flour and
got it and go I'm sorry I forgot the
garlic excuse me salt pepper garlic on
the other side then you flour it now we
are doing the light prior you guys I'll
keep you updated I don't know how he's
gonna do that he's just doing side by
side there we go
Brian the London broil you watch your
finger so you don't burn yourself what
do I do so the pot roast was frying in
the grease and stuff for about 20
minutes and he just poured carrots
onions and bell pepper directly in there
with it this thing is been sauteing in
gravy do for how long it feels about
thirty minutes here there this meat is
just falling off the bone right now you
guys Wow
boys no bone right no
that is the gravy all he did was take a
couple packet of gravies and he mixed it
with all that juice it was actually
already in there delicious
who is potato time intense I hate
watching dekho potato like this because
you cut his hand up one day so young is
watching at home you don't cut your
potatoes away you see your potatoes in
there you guys and there's no cooking
that use for a while we have right now
Jennifer is making the rolls from Ryan's
family Steakhouse you guys know how many
of you have gone there but Ryan's family
Steakhouse is part of my family's
tradition it's cheap it's good it's
amazing they have the best roles in the
world you get these yeast rolls with
honey butter
Jennifer's trying out the recipe
hopefully this works out we're just
putting honey bun right over it
oh hello Jenny Ivy's very mud-brick with
all Jill Brad grew and fail he hears the
other is it bad
God it would do Jinni chief Rosa looking
dynamite is here we're doing good hmm
yeah you know things we were eating yeah
you don't need Oh
okay yeah using a hot player I'll play
with us your best friend turned out
manitech yo you get it out now
yeah okay good yeah I looked at your
yeast repulse with you hey you made this
delicious pot roast well this probably
it's okay yeah have fun cleaning on it
no you clean the box
oh okay me eat relax it spread you a
chordal is all stop them right now here
you read dude dad stop whatever it is
you got plant don't
so Jennifer is trying to make some honey
butter homemade see if it seems better
than that I think you give any more
butter than honey but give it taste
tester
good honey a little water I can't tell
it's actually pretty good maybe a touch
of honey yeah like second remaining
don't say that yeah nailed it will see
here that's it that's the honey butter
and now we put them over the yeast rolls
I know this is hard for you to see dad
and I was happy to watch just yeah
alright the first thing we're getting on
this play is a little bit of cabbage
sausage and potato mixture whoo that
nice what next up is the main course
okay ready for this folks you want rice
merchant oh sure I can't believe you're
making my play well I'm a good man you
are you're the best
oh my god it looks so good you need a
little bit as roast oh hey I'm Karen yes
ma'am
okay I'll get you a couple everything's
just falling like they're falling to
pieces but that's good yeah I'm like
raving about it oh you need more roast
on accident oh I'm fine I'll just take
the whole thing to the table okay
Limited juice over everything what's she
doing she took a selfie for the food and
of course some pull-apart bread look at
that oh it's a little bit hot honey
butter over there folks
this is a Sunday dinner plate you know I
know I told you is yours we the way the
butters melting down that roll do you
want you can have it at my place all
right there you go enjoy this is your
plate it's time to try the Sunday dinner
what you think good oh yeah
good very good well here's my plate
we're going to go ahead and first right
carrot just because I love them and it's
tasty for you mmm guys this meat just
going right off with that so tender yes
you guys saw how to make it this is how
you can do it at home good amarant yeah
yeah you are real happy huh that's what
people do when they're really happy
right dad right here
Sunday dinner yeah it is really good out
of a prize for you we're taking the kids
with you
well no but we're all right so Papa 500
there your left one Jimmy your mug -
thank you you staying or coming does
yeah I'll be right back all right you
got it
well dad thanks for having us for Sunday
dinner I got my I got my to-go plate
yeah
want to go in mmm everyone does that do
it
are you guys picking boy jumping in
I got come on got my phone going because
you I can get some underwater snow I've
always been too afraid to jump in the
pool my thumb I figured the screens
already cracked we might as well just
see what happens oh my gosh
ready bike yeah all right folks here we
go we try this again I can't believe
you're doing this
geez excuse me here we go with us there
we go folks
we try this again then he would pull
yourself no get hot now yeah nobody's
hot well hello everybody it's time for a
camera that you dare me to drop it down
if I throw will somebody go get it yeah
all right guys right away everything
guys will throw the phone trouble jewel
to get it
guys I'm out of the pool we're all done
everyone's just sort of hanging out
chilling like a family dogs running
around you doing good class I imagine
you want to go inside huh buddy
Bella definitely wants that you ready to
go in girl huh you want in all right let
me let you inside you've done with this
whole outside life come with you Oh bye
you guys
guys we're going to be doing the outro
here in just a second before I get out
of here I wanted to take a minute to ask
you guys in the comments section let me
know if you want more underwater pool
footage if you do let me know in the
comments section guys we'll be getting
out of here in just a second
dad I'm glad you're feeling better I'm
sorry your bread did it turn out the way
you wanted it he said he hates it when
he messes something up but Dad you got
to learn for me man
people mess up all the time I can't make
Chinese food guys do you know how to
make Chinese food cuz I can't do it
every time I try it is a complete and
utter disaster
it's embarrassing guys getting out of
here yeah yeah Michael Copps is panting
cries we're doing yeah it's doing you in
the outro you guys that's not true glued
in the outro doing the outro dad sorry
about your bread but got to keep trying
you need your bread bakers what you need
anyway guys outro that wasn't true
that's chance no that's going to be it
for today you guys thanks for watching
usually people have left the vlog by
this point so if you made it this far
smack the like button right now let us
know in the comments section smack the
like button now if you made it this far
in the vlog guys I'm getting out of here
thanks for watching pretty good day it
was instead of really good day dad sorry
you weren't feeling too well glad that
you're Brad oh wait I was up here glad
for your bread turned out it did it yeah
Roza fail some kinda had a pretty good
day went to the store
cooked learn how to make that pot roast
that's it like subscribe favorite
following everything for to us
and that's it I just have one question
what so I saw when your dad failed at
making bread how is it that hard and not
burned
I don't like it was like a bad breath
he had it baking for like two hours I
feel like it if he sorted out at
someone's head they would have to go to
the hospital oh yeah you would be
charged
that would be like unfit
