what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here but to us here right there
and today we are so sick guys today our
sinuses are kicking in they are kicking
our ass guys we are sick
hopefully it's not like a bad thing
hopefully we get over the sleep I hope
it sucks I can't even breathe on my nose
that's not good I can't taste anything
yet here we are getting ready to go to
fats cafe for lunch even though I can't
taste nothing what's wrong I just want
to get other people sick I'll feel
better there's a joke right oh my joke
guys tell guys today is Monday and if
you didn't see yesterday's vlog Tina and
Bridget finally had their fettuccine
alfredo cook off she's so mad and I
warned her guys I've warned her things
did not go well for Tina she freaked out
check this out why are you so mad Deena
you just didn't have a soul
speaking of yesterday's vlog there was
actually a clip that I did not use where
Jennifer was upstairs you from the
bathroom and I told her it was haunted
check this out
yeah do me a favor Jen can you shut
those doors up there please
yo what the hell was that
whose ghost I'm not joking
JD hurry oh my God all of that aside you
guys today is Monday and if you're
wondering where pfv is he has gone home
PFE is God Matt I'm gonna miss you man
you know thank you so much for just
being cool dude it was good having him
he was great it was like the best house
guys ever I swear and if you're
wondering did we do the pay off for the
loser of the rap battle we did I'll be
honest from being 100% here what I'm
sort of think Matt left without doing
this I guys wouldn't mind no we have
been waiting in this parking lot for how
long about an hour okay it's been about
an hour and I Matt's like I'm going to
the store I'm gonna get a new sweater
and then I'll meet you out way back
Berger that really paid to get sweater
guys I don't know we both have to do
this this is not just a my did you take
your blood pressure medicine yes okay
trust me I know drink a glass of water
okay I gotta come back Anna took an
aspirin so guys we're on our way to way
back bar gonna try the triple triple now
because we couldn't distinguish a winner
in the rat battle yesterday we both got
up do it we're both eating a triple
triple so now whoever eats the most wins
okay I'm gonna get a quadruple well
you're not doing the challenge but you
can give a quadrupole a quadruple it's
two burgers Michael I'm getting two
burgers quadruple is not - two patties
on each that's double nobody what is
this I'm getting two burgers and his
four patties total I'm not good with
like science and like math and it's
wrong or something you're making me feel
stupid I don't know guys either way Matt
ain't here and I'm starting to think he
went back to where's he from Ohio say
Toledo
ACORN Ohio
corn hay from acorn acorn yeah is Matt's
going back to acorn and I feel like
Akron Bridget
oh my god he's from Akron a new ACORN
one right Matt well yeah look who
finally decided to join neuro the
traffic was horrible I'll be honest we
thought you went home
yeah we got you a bad day corn dude yeah
I went back to acorn alley
what is that was that supposed joke
you're a joke expulsion okay first of
all those Diagon Alley where'd you get a
corn alley oh my god there's actually a
place by my house in Kent called acorn
alley my bad you're a joke restriction
guys no not expulsion guys you're
finally here at way back worker where
you finally get to settle up that wash
you took on the rap battle and me too
okay I was like I was like I don't think
you know this last thing we've both kind
of lost that's what happened why are we
both winners are we both losers we're
gonna find that out by who finishes the
burger well okay so find your the loser
and I'm the winner you think you're
gonna out eat me bro bro I can eat the
triple triple in like five minutes
whoever gets more wins that's the idea
what are you doing watching them cook
do you need a lid what keep me away for
what because you have an important time
watching me actually Oh what is this
well looks awesome
yeah holy crap question do we have to
sign a waiver before we need this I
really think we do look at it I got to
pick it up just I gotta take a picture
of this that is insane I'm actually
getting mouth-wateringly hungry here get
your picture look at it and go amber
take those first man hi bro hey y'all
I got full advisors all right let me see
if I can top that that is insane Oh
quote you're going down bro you're going
down good luck guys
my poor arteries right now I'm just
eating the pad pad pad I don't know your
method my method is to win what's up
you don't look done what show that to
the camera please not turn the sideways
how are you that what did you do huh
I'm seeing really fasting bro oh my god
Rosalie's okay nice try nice try man
dude should I take it to the ER yeah my
heart stopped three times while I was
eating that thing serious no are you
guys find a result for me like I pretty
much did it yeah you're pretty much dead
I was all for bad could you do anything
I did but when I was like a third of the
way in I decided it in that moment that
I couldn't do it and so I took the first
L that I've ever taken so I can be yeah
I would definitely say that I won the
battle even with whatever they said I
still think no way it was me yeah and
then Michael really went because yeah so
now now I have one to battle so yeah I
mean you won this battle
this was the tiebreaker you won the
battle but you have not won the war you
know you know what this means you gotta
jump into the silver bowl yeah I'm gonna
go I'm gonna have cold shock we're not
liable if I'm gonna die if I do that
here I just had a waiver
it's not my decision and that said he
would do it that's kind of what happens
next
oh no I'm not actually gonna make PFE
jump into the pool you guys okay let me
explain why and by the way I am
immediately regretting my decision doing
the scene outside it's frickin wet it's
freakin called but I've already
committed number one he was right he
could have gotten sick doing the flip
into the pool because it's been very
cold out here and I don't want the guy
to get hurt jumping into the pool number
two let's be honest he won the rap
battle okay
everybody said that he wanted he was
being a good friend he was thinking of
my feelings and the 8th of burger so
because of that I wasn't gonna make him
do a flip into the pool however he
didn't eat all the burgers so there's
to be some repercussions Matt so guys
let me know in the comments section
something the pfv can do to make up for
not jumping into the pool and don't say
that I got to do anything I don't want
anything to save me this is actually
gonna not be a very long vlog you guys
uh we're just we're all sick and things
have been like I don't know I wanted to
take a minute to talk about something
very important the other day made three
months since we lost dad and I hadn't
taken the time to talk about it because
it's really hard to talk about it's
really hard to keep doing YouTube
without him but I made a promise to him
and I'm keeping it you know I don't know
what the future holds you know a lot of
people asked me to do gaming and I've
thought about it but I don't know if
anybody wants to see it smack the like
button if you would watch me do gaming
you know I don't know if people want to
see me do gaming I don't want I don't I
don't know but I just been sitting here
thinking and I'm I can't believe that
it's been three months my feet are cold
like if they're getting colder what I do
that for I was just sitting there and I
was like three months ago my dad was
alive and now three months later he's
not and it's so hard to wrap my head
around that you know like I go back and
I watch my old logs and I saw the vlog
where we got Jennifer that car and it
was exactly a month before he went back
to the hospital and I was like he was so
lively and he was so well and what the
hell happened and so I have a hard time
wrapping my head around you guys so
that's kind of the headspace that I'm in
right now that's why this vlogs not
gonna be very long it's just that I love
you so much
guys speaking of grandpa there's only
three days left to get the angry Never
Dies t-shirt if you don't got it check
the link below you guys are grandpa
merch dad this is your dream living it
out for you guys three days and then
it's totally gone just like the gun but
not forgotten sure they kept this one
out a little bit longer but
unfortunately it does have to go away so
three more days and then it's gone guys
I don't know what else is left I don't
know how much longer this vlog is gonna
be
thank you for everything you did for us
thanks for the friendship and guys thank
you for all the support you know it's
been everything to my whole family that
we've been able to rely on you do such
horrible loss I don't know what's next
you guys but life goes on I love you
guys
hard to believe it dad three months and
it's not like it feels like it you know
it feels like I don't it's a weird
feeling to describe but it doesn't feel
like it's been three months with dad I
love you hope I'm making you proud and
if I'm not I apologize
let's go out you guys
well that's gonna be up for today you
guys thanks for watching
had a pretty good day Matt I miss you
guys this blog was sort of like a
roundup of everything that you did miss
we really took a break yesterday because
we needed it we're so sick guys it sucks
I hate being sick and ain't getting
better you know what Matt I think gave
it to us Matt gave you a like like this
Matt gave you something yeah I caught
something damn it I knew something was
going on under my roof
Maggie was posed something we both
caught something from Matt
don't ask questions guys you don't know
you don't want to know what happened
when he was here things got a little
crazy like favorite and there's a joke
we don't have a concubine
