see I don't like what everything you've
hid from general what's going on okay
you're going to Jenny something's
happening yeah I know it good
what's going on you guys
can't be on a camera here guys here
right there and today i am playing fine
13th
all day with Ken and my dad it's
Saturday and today no you're not
what you are not playing Friday 13th all
day okay
at least until you have see comes on Oh
Cormier Joanne that's enough yeah I got
it I got to watch that for sure but then
after that I'm deleting fighters arcade
guys today is Saturday and if you didn't
see the blog that we uploaded yesterday
I got stuck in a window check this out
Oh what's wrong oh my god that's all
Judge Michael what are you doing get
that daughter judge me and just help me
what okay I'm lying it stopped Michael
just drop okay
just chop chop oh it's funny isn't it I
got stuck in a window laughs laughs
laughs modestly people want to know why
stone cold was out of the window okay
first of all it was a spring break match
okay
oh it was a spring break match I had him
thrown out of the window I didn't think
you would like dress I really explain it
I play with toys okay I'm really
humiliated guys that was one of those
embarrassing things please I said I tell
them or do you want to tell them what
even I'm confused now okay Michael
really needed spot cream what up liar
tell about you were lying
guys no no let's get this Saturday
started we're going to grandpa's right
now the glens
I mean it happens everybody it's not
true well I am at Grandpa's house you
guys and I want to make an apology I
asked you guys to click like yesterday
if you wanted me to get here in time for
breakfast
unfortunately dad might see breakfast
like 3:30 in the morning now so I'm
asleep yeah one day you saw recently
sure bridge advisor be done playing
Friday the 13th I'm dog he's not having
us being here today version and he does
not happen he's not having a today guys
he's really ignoring us since we got
here guys I apologize I didn't get here
in time to fill my breakfast but I know
it's right promise you I'm going to try
can't I acknowledge those guys if you
don't know what that was all over Debbie
from Harry Potter doesn't love me okay
why not exist I feel like Maine burgos
something Lauren are we right here right
now okay we're here all right we're here
these two don't Cooper is anybody gonna
knows that we're here okay I'm ready it
was very important especially oh is it
more I guess you guys see when we're
freaking dead I know you're drunk stop
this you're breaking up both out of this
freak out right now oh how that happened
who'd you bump into just now Oh
acknowledgment right now Jennifer is
cooking a little bit of buzz daddy just
good
what Gulag goulashes forget it is kind
of like spaghetti
sorry cowboy it's like Spidey with elbow
noodles even ready does Orla what are
you getting upset about doing it kula
Jenny just caused a minor boom
okay just on the pan it's spaghetti
guess what that is gonna take just like
that yeah I'm right here
it's macaroni noodles because this is
these together so people what I call if
I make the spaghetti with corkscrew
noodles it's something totally different
now I think these noodles taste like
noodles yeah spaghetti right Lauren
sounds like beef around so jenny is
sitting here crying rape honey you're
right dude okay okay you don't got a
high it okay Isis I mean I get us onions
usually
I love my god I was hauled it all for
ginger is it that bad
oh yeah brother Roy no thank you did was
just a dot
she's trying she's trying she's crying
right now she's doing her best
I like you shirt by the way thank you
you are you okay yeah yeah you crazy you
need a hug oh I think she does need a
hug everybody
oh well that was you know why you're
messing up right where you don't have
the onion knife learning it onion is not
the food
oh this isn't a 99 says the onion knife
can you believe you thought it's a toy
she bought it a while ago yeah she took
one look at it really yeah that's the
onion night oh my god you were better
off using the top this together right
y'all ironing oh now you know how dad
feels right now okay just something to
get on your house and I'll go I'm gonna
do that how will he go I don't know what
they're making you guys so he just
dumped lima beans and spaghetti and I
don't want to like talk about pieces and
her dad are in fact yeah hey look it
looks like the most delicious throw-up
I've ever seen the key keeping cats it
had a breakfast go to the porn star
gonna just don't want even a son even
mention breakfast so they all wrote
don't make an A so making bread that is
why do you go that is desert go this
install why do you keep freaking out at
breakfast time go vision so either yeah
she told me use the way to accent calls
oh they're always mad because he doesn't
have a consultant you threw it away
Oh
hey so dad you have to what is this
nice turret get your hands upon boys who
usually you yell at me I never tasted
anything like corn
goulash Bridget that's the difference -
how cool are a laptop
it kinda reminds you like when you make
like a big pot of the food to give the
dogs at the end of the day I'm just
joking
dad I'm joking a product that was
delicious totally dead he is not having
I'm leaving can we discover it
yeah I'm here guys when you can't water
everything so we got you tonight we do
the night bud okay what's going on
you're like silent you're not talking
you're very well and I'm gonna what is
wrong nothing something outside what's
wrong okay see I don't like whatever
they get from Jeff what's going on okay
here comes genic something's happening
up yeah yes my mind oh you did good
take it hey good easier than doing it
right shut up letting it go what kind of
ticket on your wheelchair though tell
you go you know we a long time you can
take it you're not very Mohammad every
job I can get out of you Jennifer tell
it my ticket then why is he so upset do
you got a ticket
Paul pay for I don't care whatever he
was with me he wonderful
music I know you get it oh look the one
that folds me there the train and the
points what we need to go is the right
there dad can just wait
or two or whatever it was a dull yellow
line like that I can't like get tickets
we're still good
doing this hi oh my god get in columns
Enterprise Oh years old
wow I'm trying to hear the story my very
first ticket is a reckless driving
ticket you're a reckless driving ticket
with dad in the car and passing the
double yellow is my dude I totally do it
come up the ticket dad borrowed all what
how many 20 points come off my life and
death love it why one day you'll be get
12 but is that really right yeah Oh God
by the face you see and like you just
started
then I can do the covers in a puddle was
I mean we get it I'm out the door on
angle Zenon drove a door and here get it
I got ya good nasty so this is why
you're upset not talking because you
read them now however I didn't know
about it so just now and you ain't been
talking from a down here we're getting
out of here you guys when I grandpa's
for a little while you glad to see you
feeling a little better
still on job you feeling a lot more
electric now than you were
I'm glad you got that off your mind she
don't kids Oh Hilary no patella yep
she's mad at you for telling us why
you're back
she won't she's going out tonight it's
my ticket you know on my license
cheesier yeah she he doesn't you got the
ticket to the hill right so but then
again that she never listened to you
know I was dry she's a necklace you have
to listen oh but I know the habit that
Leo listen to you your matter for weeks
nobody no I know it oh that ain't ya
that's true you did a reward out of me
that's exactly it
that's exactly it we wouldn't heard a
word how do you you were mad at me
it pops me for what three four I'm in
imagine they'd be revived what'd you do
now we'll hear about it now because I
got here late remember what I bet never
I told you lost on the phone he told me
to go somewhere do business is that if
they're gone 15 minutes for us we want
to do as you go five the demo Oh y'all
won dividual each day for the first time
since I got passed out of 12 really yeah
you lame you missed me
Oh maybe even do I ain't been in it oh
my god got a vampire on either welcome
to a better name you sit oh my god I
swear I got into dude your does ain't
been here now and for over four weeks no
I bet her dad skip like it is oh come
back here and the girl the deli to grab
ah I think she was in gradua move around
right you was jelly boom you get you
this little meet between 99th day are
you guys
I'm leaving grandpa's house right now
watching them finish up his dinner a
little bit suck that just do a lot on
you lot it looks good I'll give it to
you and as you said you're right it is
different in spaghetti I thought it was
just like spaghetti I was wrong you're
always wrong oh no not always sometimes
well hope you can think big that's
pretty crazy a ticket yeah you me our
way you know alright bye love you love
you we're heading out of here folks
grandma got a ticket well uh leaving
grandpa's house right now you guys time
to go to the store because tonight is
UFC Jonesy Cormier we've
waiting for this fight you guys for a
little while that's hey hey don't do
this every time I'm here why she loves
to do this to me I'm gonna stand in
front of the car Oh bro so I guess I'm
walking home oh she's really going this
time huh please oh she's gone she's
leaving oh okay I can't all I wanted to
do was make a quick scene talking about
UFC tonight that's Jill without that
this is just one of those days Birds it
works like you're exhausted because of
the weather you're tired you just want
to sleep all day
oh yeah depressed they're starting to
rain perfect s13 weather or perfect UFC
weather definitely and tacos oh yeah
definitely talking about definitely this
is taco weather folks if I am losing it
so just chilling you guys one of them
days and Plaza rain I do too I was sore
like I love watching the lightning how
do you - you don't let me like swimming
the pool during it though no why close
the door I'm scared now
seriously I don't see it struck all
right folks that's it for this scene
before we get out of here I do want to
take a minute to apologize to you guys
again we're not getting over there this
morning
well that was freaking out cooking all
that breakfast I screwed up really
shrewd at it so my apologies you don't
know what's true that it means when you
mess something up irreversible
shoutout to my office fans guys I'm
going over to grandpa's house tomorrow
1:00 for breakfast
two for Sunday dinner grandpa's really
making pot roast I want to learn how to
make it I'm going over there
maybe we'll do a cook I'm a grandpa
video I don't know smack the like button
if you want to know how grandpa makes
his pot roast because guys it's good
grandpa makes a good pot roast we're
doing the outro but I'm sorry for
missing the breakfast hopefully I don't
miss a tomorrow I'm getting there early
enough
assuming dad doesn't like it just Ben
Ben told me hold on now okay I had to
check because this doesn't have to flip
up let it if I was doomed it on my face
now anyway funny real funny
how short I'm well that's going to be it
for today you guys thanks for watching
have a pretty good day it was kind of
weird at grandpa's at first yeah I mean
it was it was definitely weird at
grandpa's but at least Jenny isn't next
good news well he's sort of perked up
after a while he told us guys he was mad
because he got the ticket and he didn't
want to say it they didn't want to talk
dad just tell me these things yeah
you've got to go silent because then I
think things are worse than they are I
know I feel like at this point he just
does on purpose
oh yeah Asian wants the attention yeah
you want me to be worried super worried
anyway you guys I'm just joking guys
that love you just tell me these things
okay I'm gonna get out of here thanks
for watching like subscribe favorite
following everything good to us a
message okay so much
in
the
