Oh what's wrong what's going on you guys
keep you on a camera here to us he is
right there
in today oh wait a minute I talked I
know I can't say what I really want to
say I just today on Friday today it's
fun Friday and today I don't really know
what we got going on I'm pretty sure
just come rested up from a previous
video what's going over every gun around
yeah she to match you feel like cousin
Tim bad yeah what's going on you guys
okay I want you do it first of all first
thing you know another I'm holding this
guy's Cindy's mad okay if you didn't see
a blog from last week Cindy and Doug
sort of had words to each other this is
what does had to say wait a minute we're
talking about the woman that would stock
up laundry where you couldn't walk
through the back of the trailer
um uh I don't know she's she's a house
cleaner now that's not mom
that was your mom ah okay in cindy has
been mad ever since she wants me to sell
more I need you to promise me you're not
going to go on a tirade of bad language
like seriously I need your mom to like
mom has been texting me daily like
saying different things about my dad
oh yeah this feud is getting too up like
Jesus furious and doing nude dealer at
this point so I will let you say your
piece but no but I'm gonna hold the
camera I feel really reaching her hand
up I'm gonna hold the camera I wants to
destroy the camera so okay so what do
you want to say you said you had to
clean up after me well you had to clean
up after me oh she didn't let
you were gone for 15 years have our
relationship when exactly did you clean
up after me ah and I got two words for
you guys
good luck good luck good luck Doug so
the two words I'm done I'm done
oh my god you don't get to be done I'm
done okay guys you need marriage
counseling
like seriously MERIS chasm to marry
thank you serious
maybe that's a good thing I don't know
for 15 years how the hell can you how
the heck can you get married she tried
it she tried it fence or some hell fine
Sydney okay you can say the word hell
yeah okay relax I can see your blood
boiling mm-hmm oh dude your mom is
really mad she's done she's done good
not do you feel for you that's my other
two words okay still not as bad as the
other two I thought yeah guys are we all
good now is everybody happier oh yeah I
feel better
good good good Monza's off his chest me
saw a lot better and cuz he seemed
pretty convincing when you said he
cleaned up after year yeah he's got a
lot Arabs okay well at nerve guys we're
gonna welcome give them as a marriage
counseling I'm just joking you know
marriage counseling if there was never a
marriage okay you better down okay all
right should we even let your dad
respond cuz your mom just go oh let him
respond I was here what you guys say
this thing is getting dark and evil okay
it's building up until you know
computing and I think your parents are
getting divorced
I think the Haiti
all right you guys we're getting this
Friday started let's do this soon you
want to cover those limbs it's starting
to storm right now you guys in Bella
scared you okay when you scare the storm
for huh
so that gets loud it's obnoxious and I
don't like what it's doing to the sky
I've been with you Bella
I don't like it either ain't stopped I
think good now not good guys a second
ago it was lightning and thunder and she
jumped up here beside me and it was
adorable that's Cindy over there
still fuming over there you only better
Cindy I don't think yourself I got a
text from Doug and he says that he did
clean up after you I'm just stirring the
pot I'm making it up if you guys didn't
see the vlog we uploaded yesterday the
other night I had to undergo a sleep
study which means they wanted to check
and see if I had sleep apnea which I do
and they checked it and they had to wear
a mask and if you can't tell my skin
broke out where the mask was you know I
don't understand I'm not allergic to the
mask yeah
either way bridges been putting lotion
on my face and she wanted to film it as
she gingerly puts it onto my face oh I
feel so sweet and sensual oh don't ever
say that word ever again never got me
over it yeah that was a little too far
guys I'm super gross now oh you said it
you're not I'm kidding Julian don't say
that word again mom hey what tomorrow no
it isn't don't say it you don't know
ah don't move it my face is looking
fresh and clean folks
except my eye which now nobody bridges
got it all kinda Fifty Shades of mess up
cuz she kept stuffing it my god it was
an accident I'm good I'm fine fine no
thought of it made it worse ha ha I
don't know what that means going nuts
why yes what are you still doing there
he's trying to throw you out of
something he would totally like redress
that dad would be lost about you right
now you've done everything for him yeah
how's the breakfast stuff going so he
made breakfast and threw it away what
point is bad oh my gosh it doesn't make
any sense no it really doesn't
should I come over tomorrow for
breakfast or something guys smell I'm
filming this by the way is that okay
guys smacked of like when appeal me to
go to Grandpa's house tomorrow morning
and see him freak out over breakfast cuz
this is like a daily thing now Michael
doesn't even realize how difficult life
would be without Jenny right now I don't
think he does like she has doing
everything guys we've said a lot about
jefra and to be honest she hasn't been
the best person in the past he's a great
person now oh really been redeeming
herself and she's done everything for
Dad yeah and I feel like hot she's
definitely making up for like lost time
I think I'm I'm I'm a
really making dad mad tomorrow I have to
stick up for I know she's been doing so
great
there's too much there's there's
irritable and then that and that sort of
feels like he's just doing it because he
feels like he can I see how that I
thought everybody doing like I think
maybe he feels like Oh everyone's
waiting on me hand and foot I can act
however I want probably that we have to
talk tomorrow it's got it this is
serious now guys smack away but if you
want to see it dad
this is too much too much it's breakfast
is dinner it's salt oh I know tennis do
it a lot I appreciate everything she's
doing I can't do as much of Jennifers
doing that this yeah I mean I would if I
had to but I'm so grateful the Jennifers
there so dad carnival Oh relax
we'll cover the loons Oh what's wrong oh
my god don't judge Michael what are you
doing
get that daughter judge me and just help
me
what what what stuck saw a really fucked
your any help Mike don't give me your
hand
doctor gave me what can we do oh my god
I don't know what to do I'm really free
I'm gonna solve it on the roof don't say
that just jump down yeah I like butter
break oh my god what I did why are you
in a window anyway oh I will need this
right what are you doing let me guess
you thought I'm trying to job I don't
know what are you trying to get so cold
if out of the window Oh what does that
matter help there ma'am Oh Michael yeah
back in now I'm trying to Bridget
why are you filming this I don't want
this bill get back in listen I don't
want to hear this ready
the crack is wedged in between pride hi
Michael I'm scared if I move too much oh
come on babe you can do it oh damn it
I'm stuck you're stuck sliced over for
you
there you are attached to octave hey I
don't need your judgment I'm not trying
to judge you I just want you to fall out
you need to get back in here I'm trying
dude I've been trying ten minutes I've
been trying now why are you stuck do I
need to say it to you again I tried to
climb out the window grab stone cold
what I mean like why would you think
that's okay to do why would you think
climbing out this window to get a race
or a toy doll I didn't have anything
here to grab it with Michael okay you
need you need to seriously go back in
this house now psycho please oh my god
oh my god don't it's all good why don't
you take my hand because I don't trust
you you don't trust me brilli oh sure
okay I'm lying it stopped Michael just
Rock okay just drop drop Oh
you okay Jesus what I don't know
probably toy Oh God
you guide okay your turn yeah delete the
video now that is bad embarrassing not
deleting anything
oh boy um it looks okay yeah a little
bit of cut oh let me film myself
delete that no oh my god I'm sorry
wedged me into that that's crazy I'm
sorry sorry you have to leaving it did
you think you can just go cold yeah yeah
take it away
oh I got your doll action figure saw
action for you you just risk your life
for an action figure
Bridget I wasn't gonna go toppling off
the roof okay as what you see the fact
that I couldn't get back in is the same
reason I couldn't get out you don't know
that my class things happen all the time
hey yeah I have been planning your
funeral my school we know wolf your
funeral
I miss fun of me you're the one who's
trying to get a doll we got stuck in a
window I really need us to delete this
footage know like now why no please I'm
gonna add it today's vlog out of you I
am humiliated hold us I need to close it
and lock it
what'd you do to the blind oh I did that
now our neighbors going to see you
playing toys they can see up and down no
hey I'm tired of this okay
it's time for us to delete the footage
and now I'm not deleting anything home
I'll play toys with you though what does
that mean I mean some Polly wrestlers
with you because you're I don't yeah I
mean if you've lost your wallet but you
obviously can't play with your toys okay
you won okay I'm humiliated slacker I
was just trying to get my soul called
action figure yeah yeah can i film I
wasn't gonna die you could ask I was
trying to get it I couldn't reach it I
thought I could use my leg to grab it
with my toes oh my god awesome else ooh
okay don't mean I don't see guys he has
a purse that needs a woman in his life I
need you to go guys so we have
officially filmed the most embarrassing
moment of my life
Wow didn't take long couple years of
vlogging and yeah most embarrassing
moment of my life
yep one out especially one of you almost
died okay why would you think that I'm
convinced you almost died no I did not
yeah what is he worried yelling for me
decide to go for it and you just plop
off if I fell off their voter both of my
arms or something I wouldn't have died
probably would have died you always go
to show it though it's just okay guys
chillin I'm doing the outro vlogs over
with
I don't care was 10 minutes I'm done I'm
humiliated my legs hurt I'm done that's
nice
why
I ain't done
