what's going on you guys kiki-annie
camera here bridge west not here and if
you're wondering why Reggie was not here
that's because I'm a robot
your I am phone I told you what's right
they kept recording long from watching
the guy look at this what I feel like a
Ghostbuster what is this thing like what
is this hey you may answer - quick I won
sort of logging and you just answered
like right away so I thought the game
was picking up your voice I the way I
look like a robot
I am pickleball oh my god some doesn't
call them a wire falls in my mouth
how am I supposed to sleep dude I am
like a piece of living technology if you
understand like I probably emit a cell
reception Bridgette I guarantee somebody
if they're standing around me has 4 full
bars like dude I am omitting technology
I'm sure I got satellite TV folks what
no I'm sure it's here somewhere I just
don't see it
that's what I'm working tonight folks
but this is I'm afraid to touch anything
look at this I don't know doc this is
this is different this is hopefully I
can sleep in the little what is this
lab an area that's supposed to be in my
nose oh crap
Michael what have you done guys turn on
homeless sleep I'll be honest with you
I'm supposed to sleep but I don't think
I'm gonna it's the next day you guys and
this is the foggy mess that I just woke
up to I just left this hospital right
here well it's actually a very nice
hospital so I could zoom in this is oh
very nice Hospital and of course
fogginess guys I just got the sleep
study done and man pretty sure only
slept like 30 minutes last night total
like I had a mask on apparently I do
have sleep apnea
she's like she'll he knew right away
she's like yeah you get sleep at me so
she hooked the Machine up to me last
night and apparently like it's
impossible to sleep with one of those
things on I kept tripping it off it was
just but she was a very very nice
technician explained everything Jimmy
I'm just hopefully when I get this you
know mushy what is all over me what is
the like little strings from the wires I
said that glue from my face with my
little stuff those guys let me tell you
something when I had to rip the little
hartmeyer things off my legs oh my god I
ripped like all the hair off guys it was
horrible excuse me so anyway sitting
here waiting for Bridget to come pick me
up
I thought she was gonna burn your
Bridget where yeah babe because I don't
know where the hell I'm at so waiting
for Bridget to pick me up and then I'm
on the way home but I got the sleep
study done and if you're wondering how I
managed to get a sleep study without my
wallet they never asked for ID we just
showed up we're like alright let's try
it they never asked for ID I could have
been Mitch Springfield bridge it's a
little late you guys no fault of her
this place is in the middle of nowhere
but I am going to go back in and sit
down because I was just chillin like 15
minutes
okay I gotta go somewhere slippy I can't
just sit out here so I'm back at the
hospital I'm goin in I gotta have a seat
I'm comin through the exhaust I'm
actually not exhausted I have like a
really restful 1 hour I say pretty nice
Hospital check this out folks
Wow viral television movie the mist like
there's something out there now I just
don't know what it is and then do I
check that oh it's really pretty no just
somebody walks in out like such a
sad-sack right now I'm just like shortly
of this that's me right now we waiting
for my girlfriend to come pick me up
sitting in the lobby of long gating let
me fix this happen I'm just really glad
I was able to do this without a wallet
but I still I still need my wallet yeah
this is a really nice Hospital I might I
might live she I might move in there she
is folks she just got here thank you
very much man
open all night
I miss if it wasn't her and welcome to
the wrong car I have no clue where we
are right now folks and it is foggy like
crazy I know the cameras picking it up
some but not like it is
yeah it looks just like an crazy dude
it's everywhere it's awesome like look
over here over there in the field
give me a big clear rigid age engine of
this I guess okay but the cars off well
oh I will really like it you good it's
just so pretty I plug so you've been
anxiety again so I'm like hey like oh
not really just do it for those of you
that don't know I suffer from something
called like high place syndrome my high
places or something basically I get
anxiety at Thompson yeah like we're
crossing over a bridge I feel like
jumping off of it and right now we're
lost and I feel like jumping out of the
car I know I don't know I don't know
this area Oh what's this happening now
what is I feel what's the sound it's a
tire suppose oh I see we're going to a
crappier part of town
that's better they got new roads into
like smooth and that's what it sounds
like when we cross this part of town so
we were making really good time you guys
we were getting to our destination in a
reasonable manner and now we are trapped
behind a cement truck yeah I know it's
35 to 55 the speed one is 55 when we're
going 35 yep dude come on what are you
hauling cement hey get it because it's
the main treasure quarter okay this
thing interrupted my morning impression
okay get it damn it now now I've lost
voice let me keep trying this morning
impression get it cuz it's really me
what singing by cement truck oh man are
we turning - oh dude why wild optimism
is dead let's head
get off the road what are you yes
Bridget oh my god I'm actually scared
master anytime I can't you better I get
over there I'm Lane okay now I continue
my impression Oh get it cuz there's a
cement truck okay then
even though we're kind of a few minutes
into the vlog I can now officially say
what's going on you guys
Kibby on a camera here but does here
right there
and today we're it's so nice and today
while wilted a surprise and happier bag
that motorcycle not know I'm vlogging
that was a joke by the way folks guys
today I don't know what it is today is
Thursday today is Thursday and today big
surprise coming after this the big
reveal we're at to phantom blocking it
Oh rich we're at Shoney's is time for us
to get some breakfast excited I'm the
Exile of chance back for the first of
all thanks for coming to pick me up I'm
a happy business which you can't see a
damn thing
I can't I'm really glad to have shot the
sleep study you guys I still got this on
my face by the way the weights are
looking a little what go Oh guys either
way I'm really glad I did it
climate is over I'm enjoying my
breakfast with my gal really good time
there was actually some old men over
there I'm gonna zoom in just a touch
because I thought it was funny
amazing blurry or zoom in any way them I
look over and they all have their head
down about Mike ah that's cute they're
praying
like that's pretty cool you don't ever
see people praying anymore not that I
because I don't pray but you know I'm
not against anybody having any form of
belief that they want whatever you want
to believe in believe it you know
so we're just sitting there and I look
to all their prank my setup to readjust
myself and no they are not they are all
on their cell phones one do it was
everything like candy crush or something
I was like okay no they never mind
everything is different
it took Kerry I just thought I was a god
they're praying with our breakfast no no
playing candy crush saga
I got a sleeper out he passed out of
soon as we got home and I was freaking
out a resolution hey Michael hey guys
thought you died what you were moving
all that if that was me sleep and so I
mean usually wake up pretty quick this
time you didn't what you know how to
wake up on it's like 4:00 in the
afternoon it is why so late but you're
tired I would just play with you but I
woke up like three hours to go home come
mornin oh yeah why oh we sold it yeah
what's up your frickin fella out she
wants to awake to I had talked about
something serious
what do I need to do a suit Raymer
why stop taking care of me I'm done with
it
are you serious I'm done with like tests
and help stuff I'm finished with it okay
no no just let me fall apart like a
normal human
no I would never let that happen
and it's too bad it has already made
your dentist's appointment did not I did
guys I'm going to tell you all about my
night everything that I went through the
misery the horribleness but first I
gotta jump in the shower
good well I'm right me too like I've
never been so ripe in my life a guy's
showers I saw whathegame you must not
shower I'm laughing at what I yeah you
think we both think I smell like cries
guys he went back to bed I think I think
a shower me too I'm taking the one come
in like five minutes cover the lid I
need to wash my hair care they're gonna
say just laundry go to this bowl of
water probably call it it is yours no
it's not chill with all this you ready
you need assistance on the bus
thermometers oh you're filming it anyway
you guys we're gonna do our thing all
right guys I'm gonna drink my water
that's water that's not that water based
maybe but all right it was a bottled
water it was frickin Lube Bridgette let
them know it's not for me because that's
what they're going to think comes to my
site Bridgette doesn't have an end table
show your father bed she don't have no
in table I do
close this they're people that are grant
do enough with this Michael look is a
please don't even say it don't you joke
about it what is it called pocket why
the sky can L go kinda messed up today
folks
number one I got soap in my eyes in the
shower okay that didn't feel good at all
number two my face is breaking out where
they had the mask and the stuff
connected to me at the sleep study here
here here here this is just great
I'm falling apart folks Bridget please
stop trying to take care of me coz I
look like my eyebrows too much Rania you
need I need it guys before I get out of
here I wanted to give you guys a quick
little recap about how my night went
because oh it was not good
do you guys saw a lot of it at the
beginning of the video I'm not gonna
recap that I got the wires put on me you
know I showed around the room I was
optimistic about what was happening I
thought we're gonna finally figure out
why my sleep side that's what I thought
was going to happen and we did right I'm
asleep for 10 minutes and she comes in
you've got sleep apnea we're going to
hook a mask up to you and I was like
okay here we go we're going to find out
if I can take a mask and I cannot both I
cannot let me show you the first mask oh
God oh yeah
baby elephant here no there's nothing
adorable about this okay it is a sleep
apnea mask which it guys this was my
first mask that I had to sleep in which
the big problem with this mask is the
fact that it goes in the nose and if I
open my mouth Oh needle II starts coming
out and I don't know about you guys but
I sleep with my mouth open oh my I
completely want to put the thorn
okay can I finish my story not funny so
anyway you guys every time I start to
doze off I go
yeah and you like everything okay in
there
but yeah I'm like wow I can't talk
because the oxygen so I grab my phone
I'm like Bridget I want out of here like
I'm leaving okay I'm absolutely finished
by this point context and I can't show
the tech meds because filled them
explicit you think but guys I was like
please bleep s well I hated it cuz it
wanted out of there I couldn't think I
was texting Kim and according to her I
was just having a full-blown panic yeah
like it was miserable
I tried falling asleep a couple hours
this mask wasn't cutting it so she
brought in another one man so this was
the second man okay we're done it's not
funny I needed this please oh this was
the second master this covers my hood
mouth so if I open it it doesn't like
Sun escaping so this was the mask that I
ended up taking I can't wear this thing
guys this is the mask that that I ended
up trying to go to sleep now some of the
problems with doing my sleep study last
night number one is the fact that I
don't sleep till two o'clock so trying
to get me to go to sleep around 11:00
that ain't cutting it okay that's not
working number two these next number two
the math they're horrible guys it was an
awful night I got like an hour of sleep
she kept walking in because I guess I
can't repin it off or wires off it was a
really really awful night I did it
now you go now you guys know why you
don't want to gain weight
Oh Google 95% of America how about oh
yeah guys there's a chance you got sleep
apnea I'm probably have it too grandpa
has it but he don't care I hate it I got
to get a sleep apnea mask now to go to
sleep and we'll see how that works I'm
sure we'll be vlogging it with anyway
outro time that was my night and it was
often I try these on
yeah we go Bridget this is what you're
getting YouTube your test pretty bad
yeah it does when you're trying to sleep
with his offensive flowing through it I
would use one well you're probably going
to have to write next one how did I put
it all and just slip it over your head
dude
and that one was the awful one oh yes
both that friend you lie I just brushed
my teeth I got great breath well that's
going to be it for today you guys thanks
for watching I let you guys experience
my horrible night as much as I could I
really try to let Bridget experience
about putting the masks on her face
hey guys it was really an awful night I
know I wish you could have stayed but me
too I really wish I could stand guys
they wouldn't let bridge stay obviously
because they're doing the sleep study
but she tries to me like a nice a like
what do you know anyway guys I'm gonna
get out of here thanks for watching hope
you had a better day that I did my face
is broken out I'm exhausted I went to
sleep when I'm sick guys awful day I'm
getting out of here thanks for watching
like subscribe favorite want everything
to us and that's it and I do so much
in that day
