I pop them out love you black get out
where you going
okay you're so you Oh
you'll break your offer what's going on
you guys can't be out of camera here
visualize here right now why are you so
frustrated I'm very frustrated got my
wallet right you need your wallet okay
so what what do you mad at me and guys
I'm sick today
Bridget lost my wallet actually me I
lost your wallet guys let me just tell
you something let me tell you let me
tell you something
Bridget likes Isaiah Oh give me the
wallet I'll hold on to it well maybe
that's what happened this maybe you
didn't give it to me last time maybe I
did and you lost it - I said I don't
lose things like that I'm sorry guy my
wallet is gone
I noticed that yesterday on the way to
Columbia oh man my wall is gone and now
it seems like it's actually really gone
guys he loses his wallet all the time
but now it's Dennis I dug in the garbage
I wouldn't never to film me it's not in
the garbage I don't know why the look I
want to scope I can't talk
I got fur going through clothes I got to
start freaking we is gone it's gone it
is freaking God we have looked
everywhere
so guys uh I would have an identity
anymore so yeah Michael is kind of not a
person anymore because he's about it I'm
sorry you're not really starting to
freak out don't call me irresponsible
I'm very responsible well why are you
freaking out I'm going without a wallet
he's mad too she can't believe her dad
lost her wallet you hate me now is on
Bella I mean I'm sorry I let you down
tell her this one's up come on like why
would it be in there why would it not be
in my pockets right now I don't know
whose it is
Michael just look in the hit dear close
of it it's not of it we'll find it okay
fight ball
stop I'm freaking out bro I don't watch
them I have it
do you remember I don't I don't know
yes ma'am thank you very much
last time I use it when I bought that
wheelchair at Walgreens what date the
13th Jim was here you haven't had your
wallet in like any woman I don't
remember
Michael it could be literally anywhere I
didn't know that now I'm sorry they buy
to keep losing it so do your check in
pocket it's stupid
where could it be
or anyone talk to all city you're taking
toilet clothes hoping that'll find it oh
go please
do you guys know what it feels like do
not have a wallet Google something in
this what Oh about it
Oh God what what the hell is this well
like dentist a minute why do I have
fireworks in my pocket
damn it why do I have this why would it
be in here okay
are you saying that to every place well
I'm serious well I wouldn't be in here
maybe your mom clean and please threw it
in here or something the ones are
closing in Oh getting emergency charger
well alright is it helpful yeah we have
your dad's if the wallet ain't there
Bridget I really don't know anymore dude
I give up I give up I have no idea where
is that I have no idea why you never
ever--
okay put it in my purse don't sit there
this in my purse at least you always
reduce that built she's been the one
pawn talk to work she's like back it up
okay curated your freaking attitude
please you lost the wallet not me I've
been looking for like all day for hours
sorry I accepted I'm sorry sorry we
colleges at the same time the weird I
feel bad I said where is it where could
it it's like it's okay that you're not
responsible enough to have a wall okay
so apology just taken back now only I
shouldn't scold you for not being
responsible payback I'm I'm sorry but I
do think you're irresponsible
truth is Bridget clearly lost it she
doesn't want me to have a wallet for
whatever reason she wants me to be
dependent on her not state stuff like
that because people don't believe you
you passed your wallet I'm sorry to be
what what is this what is that my good
eye one of your toys no that's not a toy
I need it I think it's dumb gone there
we go
Tessa's so weird
TenPoint I'm out of here
okay
I can't really leave them guys I feel
bad for doing that I just like messing
with them
what are you doing back in the car you
guys really not I'm sorry I had to do
just a little something because you keep
losing your wallet okay
how do you lose it gets worse and more
lost okay
more and this time it's like really
serious that we need to chill on this
like pranking each other stuff I just
need my wallet dad your ball is
non-existent right now it's somewhere I
doubt it it's okay so just dissipated
and to spend everything business that's
how it seems
they probably feel longer have you seen
my wallet
there are you ever okay hey anybody seen
my wallet this laughing mrs. Heisenberg
yes why would you filled it up like that
Michael we should love what is it here
what totally steam good way to say agent
the blackness of Heisenberg yeah reiji
in it yeah Oh was your car's in
something yeah yeah that's it I don't
know oh my god
babe let's just fuck it might be here
funny she does it I'm sorry dude on
purpose Johnson our purpose have you
seen my wallet buddy no I've told the
last my salt looks like well according
to the records the last time we bought
that wheelchair
yes are you here to talk I need your
money are there oh Jenny yeah it's not
funny Jake have you seen my wallet Jimmy
anybody Lauren should be in the trunk of
the car mean look it was in here
yes let's look what if it's there oh
that's funny dude
ha ha ha Michael you should know buddy
used on the beach what pops the Trojans
other things
Oh
all right
Cioran you want them nice down asunder
oh so we'll just give up I got a thing
here so let's just give up what I do we
feel slight fell on that box at the
chair within I think they took that
bottle out to the bag to the burn pile
like the wheelchair box yeah just ask
something how is that going to be burned
come ask you something did we fall my
wallet yet no who can ask you something
can you get rid of your attitude thank
you I'm sorry Bridget my lifeblood is in
this thing
sorry aside I was - Rollo aah oh my god
aah
oh my god what was that just something
everything hour
yes yes oh you know love what
get all up what my wallet he's pranking
me what's up Michael Bluth buzzing my
wallet is frickin gone I'm just trying
to think it's not here at all it's
nobody cares what are you doing
that's not my wallet
go ahead as you all know it is that it's
dead hey your name is empty you're
trying to our friends please send up no
I'll send this okay
he's Pecola coughing aah coughing top of
the money back then oh my god this is
not my wallet my wallet is Heisenberg
lies because what Heisenberg then a
Jovan to start with yes they say I only
have bones the Heisenberg can hear money
where is the Heisenberg you just ordered
lot what you're still wrong that luck is
gone if it's true doodles old age might
be too where's that I might disappear
that's not fair
is this a prank move over move over big
girl I haven't done NASA's on the kids I
know what I missed it all right Jilly do
nortis okay came in last night bad
happen a baby your mind wouldn't let me
in somebody get on over moving on
give me the wallet
all right uh no forget it guys we're
just chillin the Grandpa's house
Juniper's from the clothes you got it
from dad good
he's kind of big problem Hodja he cooks
it says leading to a lot of animal City
how you doing Jimmy
now how you give him grandpa yeah you're
not we give out her door
I mean how she doing cooking and you
over $50 what doesn't work
the bread maker you know what because
she won't
Google X what do you gonna go well I
don't know something you know you just
tell me so you must Google a lot freak
it out right I don't know why Adam on
students not today I'm leaving I'm
getting out of here he is angry maybe as
human app we're gonna make it evolve and
google it and everything you what do it
I will go far now oh my god I don't want
to give all Oh coffee
Oh Oh with you just like this guy angry
sigh give you coffee different so it
don't be angry with me dawn just you
know idea certificate are pop them out
but yeah Rock get out what are you on
I'm Jamie you're so you know oh you can
break your offer
oh yeah let's lose the paintball alright
I'll be my kitchen today you hitting it
big that's it
I can't winter breaks on put the we have
been filming it so you can bring it out
for like 30 minutes I'm trying to tell
you too that just go here man
you need like ten naps I am yeah did
y'all go away oh go choose to stay awake
if you want to be spinning up I try to
be nice and into bed you got into the
bed don't eat it yeah Mary what are you
something
what are you doing grandpa yeah yeah how
was that blaming you I put up correlate
it like that I don't get thank you
goodbye
who are you talking to yeah my hour is
she's seen the wallet and she thought it
was blaming her and her girls but no I
asked if you thought Jim Michael if you
can't see that rude we go Sydney should
her the hey can you see my wallet
I haven't seen it neither of my girls
and I snapped about that because I look
clearly I'm not blaming them I was just
asking if you've seen it okay I
understand
we can't be so rude everybody maybe
Clyde Edith don't say it and you would
forgive him right
oh he's being super sweet so I guess I
probably would
oh god big boy he's sushi I was happy to
see dad like in a better mood me too the
guy was pretty cool yeah it was it was
just my seeing him better mood and
general it was fun Aswad havin fun you
know we loner in the room and stuff oh
yeah sister questa Heat
oh so vows I'm glad he's like really
mobile yes me too
it's nice I can't tell if likewise just
enjoy this and what's his butt in my
face keep the seven I need my wallet
Bridget I know we'll find it
we're back home I wanted to take a
minute before we do the outro to Bent
just a minute my frustrations that I
can't find my wallet do you guys realize
how frustrating it is to not have your
wall everything is in it bank cards
credit cards ID Social Security card
birth certificate so how do you go about
getting new stuff when you don't have
any of the old stuff I dug through the
trash I've been to my pocket though I'm
going to have it done as retrace my
steps which is probably the next step
I'm going to start calling everywhere
that I've been and just to see if they
have my wallet so it's gone and I feel
like a traveling like I don't I just
don't have any identity anymore am i
Michael Green I don't know I can't prove
it so really frustrating I don't know
where it could be you guys really
frustrating on the good news grandpa I
know some people usually call he was so
angry oh my god you were trying to push
into bed guys I was just having fun with
them it's really good actually see him
in a good mood for one not not in a good
mood he was angry right but the play
factor is there so I pushed him to his
room and he was holding on to the walls
I actually enjoyed that you guys good to
see him wanting to do more than just
stay cooped up in that bedroom because
man guys
it has been hard I've been showing
everything but it's he has been sick and
it's been hard but today was pretty good
so dad what was that noise
what was that noises y'all hearing now
what was it
I swore her like a snake or something
that's it going inside doing the outro
dad
glad you're feeling a little bit better
if you are you seem to be going inside
let's do this outro that's going to be
it for today guys thanks for watching by
the way this lens go start fogging up
here in the next minute or so tell me
quick ok here you go
guys I'm going to get out of here thanks
for watching soon a wallet I just to
remind me can I just have like 2 minutes
today without thinking about it can I
cover though can I just wipe this lens
off without you being so snotty I got
something in my ear once I get the worm
know if I can that though because you
had oh what's up guys funny I'm in a bad
mood been pranked all day and I yelled
it I was glad like nothing this is the
worst day of my life I mean everyone
sort of prank you I grandpa's and why's
that then I closed you in a closet
ok I forgot about that guys like it's
starting to fog up too much like
subscribe favorite for I think Josh and
that's it I love you guys so much and
way more than like oh don't don't
in
