this is a weird road I might turn in the
wrong lane oh it's great I'm gonna jump
out no too bright out here folks was the
Sun is too bright
Oh what's going on you guys keep me on a
camera here bridge West is actually
inside taking a shower because we are
about to leave guys it is super early
like seven 6:30 something early because
I told you we had a little bit of a
surprise it's not a big surprise but
today we're taking JC back-to-school in
Colombia grandpa was going to do it but
he's really not feeling well so we're
going to do it for them JC when you see
this I love you buddy I'm glad you're
taking all this so serious keep proving
all those people long it is way too
bright for me to be awake I kind of want
to go back to sleep and make Bridget go
alone not really
guys let's go to grandpa's well buddy
you ready yeah it's going to be a long
road but hey you do industry with all of
your hands oh my god what happened
coming soon oh my god you get better you
better go through this real quick go
we're just about assets a health and
some sort of lotion or something burst
open oh no it was your shampoo bro
shampoo burst open
it's all over stuff your shirts cute Hey
the I'm sure they got laundry yeah
oh poor buddy who passed all this for
you
we're going on the long trip to Colombia
right now taking JC back to school like
I said earlier Pop was going to do it
grandpa his pop grandpa was going to do
it but he's still not feeling right it
doesn't feel well enough to go on a trip
to Colombia we got this
I was hoping Anna my ID is off my wallet
Luke Oberlin's where the gas station
getting some snacks for the road ain't
we okay
you ready for this road trip boy you
excited in my second time second time to
Colombia
all right well eat some snacks and
YouTube you some flags oh geez you're
not a morning person
why you're just over usual got some
snacks
or for your buck okay people everything
Mountain feels like pain has to do this
leg there's also the competitive grand
mellow yellow they're just as good
there's no way you're going to eat all
that and then Jake they really take it
to heart would you take it whatever you
whatever you want I've got no there's a
thrifty shopper here the gone on and on
and he's like 1896 or these kids really
got $58
$58 and candy depend oh yeah yeah yeah
and soda we're Diego father's pinky CJ
Ginny yeah so you're aware bridge has a
hard time driving on a highway and rain
I hate the interstate I'm terrified of
oh no that's all I'll just let you guys
know ahead of time
yeah I'm not right probability of wreck
is like 98% disappoint
I know oh geez is this is so very slow
yeah this is gonna be ugly folks okay
Jimmy just hold on tight yeah I'm
calling play all right Mike hopefully
you can scream like hell no hey Oh
Tobi's winds up Oh God ha ha Karma I'm
sorry screen okay no chatter yeah okay
oh no that was it's been awful everybody
hey don't worry about pop okay what
about anything Oman a mouse okay
is that awkward hug any better one oh
you worry about yourself
we'll miss you yeah and she'll the do
part of your bag this is where JC signs
out because the can bring the camera in
there kind of thing you won't say no no
just it just say goodbye or something
okay how very melodramatic I'm Billy
I feel like left last time it was like
you know I don't he don't care JC's out
we just dropped JC off at school
Jennifer's back there crying
you better it was sad you guys but you
know this is all for the best for him
Jesse I don't understand why you didn't
want to talk at all you didn't care did
anybody else notice that I thought I was
going to have a little sad moment like
done sighs yeah I was really like I
would even do a point of the sad music
boring so no he doesn't care yeah
although JC it's like is it enough yeah
JC you have a good job by damn okay
anyway you guys we're looking for
something to eat right now I don't think
we're going to go to that Chinese place
we never we we're not going there let's
watch something okay guys we're downtown
Columbia and easy to glean right now we
have to wait we have to yield you sorry
Michael I kidding
this is a big road I'm scared of it this
is a barren road I might turn in the
wrong lane oh it's very I'm gonna jump L
know on Yoon a spotlight star hearing
this I said yeah Jenny she just lay back
and cool about it she's like I want to
kiss me see all that Bridget yeah me and
mom would canoeing here one time yes and
we freaking tipped it was in 2001 and me
and mom went canoeing and there was a
whole group of us and me and mom are
going at the canoe tips and mom was like
oh okay and moms like go with the
current like it was also you guys mama
thought she was going to dive right oh
those people like yeah holy crap oh no
it was crazy
nearly tipped the mama thought to go
with the car yeah anyway we're going to
Chinese guys last time I came here with
dad we made a promise that we'd never go
to the sunniest place again and we're
going back but that's because they open
it
there is our guys the open in 30 minutes
we think maybe when they first open it
might be good and if not we're done
we're job this will yet we're all
sitting here at the Chinese place we're
having a good time talking and Jennifer
remind me reminded us to have dad used
to be from the Chinese place good are
you to go like me anyway go sleep over
oh my god
you dog my joys I don't know why he's
the oldest I can't with a little what
you're doing
oh that's what we're doing yes sobs yeah
oh my god there's a restaurant down the
street called fat boy
me and Dad went there and they had hot
dogs and it was a good hot dog and we
got to footlong hot dogs apiece and a
larger and canif right in the bill is
$20 dad
that was way too much money huh 20 oh my
god funny hope that we flavors the $20
bill devil table where we go oh my gosh
you know Cecily and then we're sitting
there were eating in God wasting is like
the last bite of his hot dog one bite
left oh my god is one by the hollow
now she is hot dog I ever had in my life
the chicken dad is not playing when it
comes to food so this is for you
hopefully is good this is really good
very good too right
they mumble baby stop it Sam
but he sniffing give it a sermon
don't act surprised hey guys we gave it
a shot everything out the verdict is in
what do you think if I wasn't you're
wanted for YouTube with everything Simon
hey okay I'm paralyzed guys I can't hang
on we're on the way back to Colombia
right now you stopped at the dragon city
and for the long dear one without that's
the one we're by the Columbia yeah sorry
what about the Charleston and we stopped
at the trying city last night
we're back home you guys I got a 5
o'clock this morning it is one o'clock
in the afternoon and it is time for me
to go lay down
so guys good night that's it
good night
oh I'm not slept very long folks well
have us up a nap folks I am now awake I
feel totally no I'm going back to bed
not going back to sleep we're gonna be
doing the outro in just a second I do
want to apologize for this whole thing
trying to go look like I was blinking it
look you haven't cleaning averages okay
I was doing first person like shooting I
gotta see this I was like pretending to
be like here let me show Bridgette yeah
okay what you might go are you what
disgusted why don't you just find like I
don't know a filter for that I don't
know I wanted to do with the old natural
way okay if I'm a filmmaker you got to
find a way to do stuff I'm not a
filmmaker I'm embarrassed I said that
guys a little cell nature oh my god guys
we're gonna be doing the algebra or just
a second before I do I told you guys to
click like yesterday if you wanted to
see the video grandpa reacted to do you
want it you guys wanted to see it this
is it first off guys thank you so much
for all the videos because there was so
many and I apologize but didn't use
yours
it was just it's so touching guys you
send so many videos check this out this
was hashtag I love AGP AGP I know you
have a lot of supportive people in your
corner right now like Mike Brigid West
the rest of your family as well as us
your extended family also known as your
young uns I just wanna let you know that
we're all wishing you a fast and full
recovery
hope you get better soon I thought I
love you so much that I always be on a
mission I hope you get better soon I
love you and I meet you okay
on I will go online and see you I just
feel let's put it this way I feel good I
feel safe because you did high example
we love you and hope you will better
thank you for being an inspiration on
this we love you and I would love to
have Michael ever fun he's like a great
person and remember we hope you feel
better and loving grandpa I hope that
you get better real soon and I'm sending
all the love and support to you guys and
hope that things get better real quick
religion I've been following you guys
since the pin means just depending on I
called the kitchen it's polonium x1 the
Sam Quran AGP it's a Jungian Jade or
twenty one panic I just want to say
thank you for literally all you've done
for me and you've helped me go through a
lot in my life
my mum she was with her boyfriend it was
really delicious and
good drugs I'm sorry but we're out of
there
because I'm okay
and I'm getting better thank you
it will sue DGP angry grandpa
my name is Gable you inspire so many
people around the world you've changed
so many lives it's truly amazing what
you and your family have accomplished
we're young and love you and we care for
you we hope you make a strong successful
recovery because together we are strong
we are the AGP on anger grandpa we hope
you get better soon she loved you and
your grandpa I love you so much and I
hope you get better soon
hey grandpa's won't let you know that
I'm glad you're home even going through
a lot wal distress gone through
situation with your family and you
obviously undergoes hospital I'm glad
you're home and you keep fighting
and you remember we were feeling so slow
I know you guys you have always been
there for us without knowing me and
eulogy we're always going to get you hey
AGP I just really wanted to say thank
you so much for making me laugh I'm
smile I'm providing me with so much
hilarious entertainment I'm with you
every step of the way I can't say how
much you mean to me
get wealth earrings hey this is a quick
shout out to a GT we love you we're
praying for you you're going to be fine
and you've got a whole army of people
supporting you Michael and Brigitte in
the whole family so hang in there get
well and rest you and your whole family
means so much to me I love watching your
blogs I love everything about you guys
you're just so great and cuz I'm crying
for you every night I hope you get
better soon to all everything goes well
that's going to be it for today you guys
thanks for watching thank you guys for
joining us on our trip to Columbia it
was actually a pretty good time it's
been a really good day I enjoyed it have
you even been to sleep yet heaven I am
so tired guys bridget is like a walking
zombie I got all the sleep she got
nothing
my buddy you could have went to bed you
know you don't got to stay up you know
I'm independent one seven four five to
wake up until 6:00 left at 7:00 guys and
a half is or a team to play tonight
cabin still loose Jason some skill okay
you're gone loopy okay go lay down guys
I'm going to get out of here thanks for
watching
JC I'm going to miss you but I'm glad
you're doing this for you you're going
to prove all those people wrong dad I
wish you could have gone to Columbia
with us but I'm not going to put me I
needed stress on you like a trip to
Columbia he needs your rest guys we're
going to get out of here thanks for
watching like subscribe favorite fun
everything to us oh you did say bang
we both did the same guys passage
two peas in a pod guys by the way my
people gonna have an even wake up
you
