all right Michael I triple dare you the
smell no smell this goal can up this re
know any takers
oh you're know what the hell
what's going on you guys to be on camera
here right there and we're actually be
doing a different intro later but first
we're headed to Grandpa's house right
now because it's time for him to see
your video guys I finally put together
oh this thing still smells it was a body
in it
Oh anyway guys I finally pieced together
the Isle of angry grandpa video that you
guys helped me create and let me just
say how taken aback I was by how many
people sent videos I couldn't possibly
use all over the but I tried to get as
many as I could so we're on our way to
grandpa's house right now so we can
finally see it and I am afraid of where
I'm standing that I'm going to break the
truck yes yes I don't know man I don't
know if it supports extra large guys
we're going to grandpa what's going on
everywhere who's that I was gonna get
you a towel it was like a car accident
in me I thought just walking it okay I
got it going to Burger King on about an
accident
jeez no we didn't what's up pop what is
this what up
oh my god oh you're under what Fe never
knows why would I walk in the door then
what's the matter that's in that it's
awful what seafood got here huh come on
I need to iron on that or the hobo iron
and cheaper let me do this free does
none I'm afraid you'll cut your hand
that's you further please off
making the peppers
mutters how let us do it
these you all taking those hand off
I can't watch I'd only one is going to
sell me I'll be doing we will dance
cutting fish anyway dance over he's done
all right
wait wait over this look this way are
you making there you know shrimp
haha Gumbel well get it you're done yeah
why do you hate me grandpa alright
nobody you join Pew
does anyone notice this what Boosh yes
just cut up finish frying pan full fish
okay yeah but I go fry where you do it
but bacon really I can't eat a fried ooh
disgusting
you know guys alright Michael I triple
dare you the smeller's no smell this
gold pan update oh sorry no any takers
oh you're no listen to me what did he'll
know he's at sushi like seriously
oh yeah oh that is so friendly
this is what the hell is wrong with
y'all hello boys John Moore no more
military unit you're here we just
finished doing the hash tag I love AGP
video you guys are going to see that
tomorrow you you brought tears to all of
us man you guys mean so much more than I
could ever say so thank you guys you
know has not one bit more than the other
they all mean a lot I do want to show
everybody our setup okay I was
originally using this thing all right
but it felt off that I was filming
dapping like this angle so first dad has
a Hamilton Beach like cooker and I fit
his Jerry Garcia picture on top of that
and it fit perfectly so that was it it
was very good lord you haven't seen yet
I'll show you in a second so dad they
mean everything they love you
they'd be dozing to me and me and you
mean everything to them you know what I
didn't I asked everybody to start doing
this while he get in the hospital I
didn't realize how many we got
truthfully like I didn't know how many
people sent videos until this morning
when I started editing this together dad
there has to be hundreds I like to see
them all you guys I'm going to shuffle
over and show you how to do it basically
you go on Twitter and search hashtag I
love a GP and you'll see there's so many
that I like to see if I really would
like I could show everybody and I'm
sorry for that the guys you overwhelmed
both of us and I only got the show about
20 in the video and there's
Driss so guys thank you so much from the
bottom of our hearts thank you really
thank you so much you guys don't see
that video tomorrow you will Cardiff
winds up what are you crying for it did
to me all the people love that so much
maybe cheer
this was pretty good I mean I would need
it I totally had oh yes Eric and it's
not like a gumbo I guess honey
oh pretty good Jim for cooking
everything let me go Jenny
kids love chicken who does that so
nobody want to like him
hey speakin of somebody whopper you ate
today for a lot more whoppers folks we
went to Burger King and he was a Ally
for whopper I'm going to get you for
walkers because I know you won't eat
them I bought a full whopper he ate
every one of them he was looking for
more food after holy crap please visit
our yeah he's meeting for whoppers this
is your future one of them she leaned
against the thing this is junk food
anyway bike riding here in heaven I wish
I can eat four whoppers in arcane way
would you doing cleaning day good job
back Mac steep back up give my father a
hug top corner get out of here yeah run
oh you're eating some laughs and now
yeah pretty cool well guys we're getting
out of here
we still going to the intro in just a
second bridge oh my god really late into
the vlog alright boss does he everybody
good sorry Oh later we are out of here
folks we're going back tomorrow to shoe
shopping
that's it great oh this is pretty good
yeah it does actually I apologize it is
loves going up for late you guys will we
stay here all day and we didn't film
that muscles in here all day
let's lose this camera what's going on
you guys
Kibby on a camera here it does here it's
too late for this
god I'm sorry I'm sorry so light is
getting really late you guys but we
realized we still got to have dinner we
got to eat I'm hungry
Tom for a home-cooked meal and as
promised or getting dinner from Publix
you will believe how many people left in
the comment section the other day when
we came
here for a cake they're really what's
public well let me see here we're
walking around buying food and I said we
had to go public
it's a grocery store and Kim wishes she
had it guys
Kim has Wegmans and I can't describe how
good it is but anyway here we are
I told you guys we're cooking a
home-cooked meal tonight fresh from the
oven
so Gino's pizza rolls look okay I don't
get home to cook every night
who does wait a minute Oh on this well
this season almost got the small puny
back I just end up in the face with a
bag of pizza post it anyway so we just
got back from the store you guys and
oddly enough this shed light and door is
turned on and opened which like I'm kind
of scared like kind of not yeah but what
could it be
well good thing right
everyone's gonna go remember to be my
dad
number three was it was lost on my
nephews have been here what else was
awesome your dad's been here yesterday
where's lost time we have been in here
or anything rested elated yeah I get
that just weird that was that's what
this will try to open that
I don't like this guy's we're doing the
outro here what pitch black oh me I
apologize you can't see me anymore
but you can hear my voice dunno what the
hell why but first of all why would you
waste it when you can't see my face what
a wasted scare even I'm mad about it
guys outro it's time for us to do a
little bit of cooking folks I told you
at the store that we're making pizza
roll which means right now it's time for
me to make a peanut butter and jelly
sandwich yeah it gets easier and easier
first it was a home-cooked meal then
with free throw now some peanut butter
enjoy so let's have a picnic here is
really tired I'm having a peanut butter
jelly sandwich better so make me one tip
please you got guys the inspiration for
this part was an assignment that I had
in the third grade and I think everybody
gets it the idea is your teacher wants
to know if you can be descriptive right
so they tell you to describe the making
of a peanut butter and jelly sandwich
and we'll make it according to your
description
so first Michaels will grab a plate need
to put down because I forgot that step
in third grade and the teacher threw it
on the floor oh yeah I put my bread on
the plate then I take my jar of
blueberry preserves I stick a spoon
inside of it and I grab some when I put
it on one slice of the bread and I spray
it around mmm this is pretty different
jelly and now looks like great guys I'm
tired of giving directions okay I'm just
making I mean build that now it's peanut
butter jelly Channel just point both if
you don't know how to make a peanut
butter jelly sandwich you put peanut
butter on one side of the bread jelly
one the other and you slam them together
hey you any of them been crazy yes other
countries find PB and J's repulsive you
sure pretty sure I brought that the UK
hates to be in J's really yeah I could
be wrong but I know it's a country that
hates them guys let me know in the
comment section will you being a peanut
butter and jelly
hahahaha you know right peanut butter
and jelly is our countries
you know byron jelly I know it's peanut
butter and jelly
I do not stray Lia when I was in Paul
Hammond California we hang out with this
chick named Ella Gonzales and making a
peanut butter jelly sandwich and they
were like oh my god butter and jelly
that's right you don't need a wingman
Vegemite huh anyway that's what people
you know is it like Vegemite and jelly
oh no what I don't want to know actually
before do the outro you guys I wanted to
take a minute to say thank you so much
to everybody that submitted videos to
the app the hashtag I love AGP it was
humbling so I couldn't believe what I
was going through the videos this
morning I was trying to make a good
montage and I couldn't believe how many
people submitted some so Wow tomorrow
I'm going to be uploading grandpa's
reaction and also in the vlog I'll be
uploading the full video just thank you
guys seriously the way it made him feel
I can't it they say there's some things
money can't buy and that's so true you
guys I could never buy a reaction like
that out of grandpa you know not even
for you know every 55 Chevy in the world
I could not induce a reaction like that
out of grandpa that he got when he saw
how many of you got scared so thank you
so much dude it means the world to my
whole family I know it means the world
to that I've never seen such a reaction
out of them Pete wow thank you guys so
much you uplifted him you made his day
you made it week you made his year you
guys are so amazing you got you're
always there to smack like buttons when
I asked and sometimes I asked too much
and I know that and I apologize for that
but I try to you know interact with you
guys in a way that also helps the
channel with the algorithms which is why
I you know sometimes tell you guys to
click like because honestly it helps it
helps the channel
especially right now in the channel you
know when YouTube is being so finicky so
thank you guys so much thank you for
always being there for doing as much as
you do you guys are amazing
let's do this outro well that's going to
be it for today guys thanks for watching
once again thank you guys so much for
all the videos I couldn't believe how
many there were
it was just mind-boggling dude there was
so many I was seriously crying so hard
and silent behind the camera today
alright it was really it was like was
tragic to see grandpa so what yeah
that videos going up tomorrow I didn't
even talk after it I was like just kind
of like yeah version was like beside
herself but I was thinking you know it
was one of those things well thank you
guys so much for everything all the
likes and the shares and you guys are
seriously I was going to say the
greatest family on YouTube that's like
taken from fouseytube I'm not trying to
be like I yeah chair that I thank you so
much
like subscribe favorite on everything
and that's it I love you guys so much
are you sad again it's okay hey he's
that's it you guys thank you guys so
much for all the love and support don't
cry just so many feel to watching a
video so it's really touching guys thank
you so much you moved the whole family
favorite thing you know grandpa and I
seven types of their license they've
been tested ours you guys seriously have
impact on our lives come here in ways
you don't even know so thank you guys so
much for everything
