God those ruins she said she would take
you back under the condition that you
stop fishing
and like just be a better person call
oh gee golly giving on camera here right
Caroline's in here
that's your robot I don't know why hold
on folks we're trying to be wrong hey
hey wait what did you do my room up boy
Phelps Melvin
okay what's going on you guys give me on
camera here you do us right here right
here in today is Friday oh we also do
your Boise
look it's incredibly hard to try and be
a robot when you're not one guys what's
going on you guys get behind a camera
here or do I hear right there today is
only fun Friday it's fun Friday because
of the add podcast fun yes fun today is
Friday and today before we get anything
started you guys I want you to keep
sending your videos using hashtags I
love a cheapy uploaded to youtube
because this weekend I'm going to be
showing grandpa your guys video saying
they get well soon that's this weekend
today is Friday and today we actually
have stuff to do
do we yes like we have to go to Best Buy
and get a new mic and what else and data
Mike did you think it dynamite never who
did that a mic oh okay then we're going
to grandpa's but first I hang out with
Indian hi hi hi happy Friday yes Friday
let's watch our mouth to your punch okay
I pocalypse mother fun Friday right
Cindy fun Friday okay today is fun
Friday today cover the lens getting
started it's been a while since we
showed you guys the progress on the deck
and as of right now it's almost done
they still going to come back and do a
double stain and then you'll do some
touch-up paint but this should give you
guys an idea of what its gonna look so
yeah what the hell dude that's all
you're going to step on it I was going
to step on it
make a step on it so you have to yell
myself I'm sorry
Michael we have to show the progress you
yelled at me I'm sorry I was scared I
don't care
I was scared I'm not the way you
approached up I embarrass myself is it
sorry I know you you're gonna edit the
vlog today you're gonna replay me
looking stupid walking out to the deck
probably right here hey was that it
funny as your father is like no but
seriously I was an accident I was just
really terrified at the moment why
because it's what so will pay I'm just
saying it again how about now I'm ready
fraid to be done and over was but we
should show them please do you hear all
that Cindy she's your daughter's like
screaming at me and those are all
Brigitte cans of soda how are they are
they spending what side adventure
tomahto
so this is the deck you guys don't step
on it
Oh oh gee oh gee
ah gee what do we do uh any pop rate no
okay so we can't just step our big feet
on it now
hey lazy use the bathroom yet they
already these gates open Bridget go
LaVey he then he then
are you guys here it is here okay I've
had it I'm not joking
you need to walk away you need to walk
away you know I'm serious you got to
walk away so here is the deck it's not
funny this is what it's looking like
folks wow it looks amazing
you're really there I did the same okay
you happy I am okay
now that'd be mean yo you scared me okay
you really know what on it again I
double dare you to know I don't want
ruin it 45 minutes oh wait trash
really I love it yeah I haven't seen it
since I mean I saw the wall but um I
didn't see like the Med well my name is
I was in there and I cleaned running
stuff and then he just goes in fixes the
walls pleases with trash everywhere did
he pick up the fog up you know whether
or sheetrocked up there's nails on the
floor I pick those up you know
everything was like it's Big Mac oh my
the way I thought and we have in YouTube
and I saw there's a comment about us
getting back together that's not true
and I know that is that's correct we are
not getting back together
but I'm not saying I've ever good
but does he does he hide his dog haha
it says what do you think he'll because
I have a picture and a little bit in my
hair oh my god nobody comes talking
about
did it have a 5,000 subscribers that is
not those yeah that's not herring people
didn't wear your craft together or new
I'm taken yeah this is not does good
cooking that somebody made exactly took
video about a Twitter kind of I don't
know I don't know a lot of work for me
yeah I don't know perfect arises it does
a lot of work and I don't know why they
do it but it's not it is told is you do
yeah and me but everyone knows that's
not me I'm a tech part by me these are
important I don't care
good because we I am we have it all on
great gives out a piece of your mind on
vlog yeah give a piece of my mind the
mess she's talking about
ah I guess so so this was you thought
okay think so
he follows it offered a no stop I don't
get it hilarious idiot not that big of a
mess
well right now we are going to Best Buy
to get us a new headset for the ps4 and
we're getting done one yes so we could
play together she was in front Doug
about what Cindy says absolutely oh
let's do it I have to say about all this
I'll be honest you guys when I walked in
there wasting he was talking I was
expecting this he nails everywhere and
bored and done just total wreckage like
something exploded in there it was just
a little bit of plate residue I don't
know guys we're on our way to grandpa's
house right now you guys but first we
made two pit stops the first was to the
gas station the circle-k is totally a
hipster spot Bridget I mean look at it I
like the metal like siding and pad
hipster circle-k
right at the top they have these like
smaller ones they don't fit
great
little bit yeah I get it use the lid
like this which means I'm going to drink
the excess that would have been in that
larger lid
I'm drinking tonight deserve it
oh my god is so funny they also pay for
away
now you know why my mouth is all red
like this number two we stopped by a
Best Buy yeah what is the difference
I'll get it what is dizzy Michael you
ain't got to find it
so I by God they're the same
this is really strange I can't believe
you're not seeing it okay
gold wireless headset durable folding
design easy access volume in my control
over it was different yeah okay we can
you take these two because there's a
difference in these two what yeah
I don't get it the slider let's spider
yes well we can't take that home that's
an alarm difference there is no
difference what's going on with Joe
there's not nothing different about is
different about that these two nothing
there was going on while my holding it
because they want to hold it no more
what were you in both or something yeah
lines for dad yeah she brings it over to
me like hey then which one is better
like numbers I do not appreciate being
prank like that I looked like an idiot
man into the ceiling I could not figure
out why I didn't know different I'm like
I'm usually smart with this stuff why do
I tell the difference
hahaha sorry it's like playing with a
Where's Waldo when he's not even in it
yeah exactly
somebody should put that out like
Where's Waldo and he Oh
anyway good idea we're going to grab my
house how long has that been asleep for
hold it off
really four hours in the butter that
sucks
I miss them
we were going to come over here you guys
and visit with Grandpa and talk to them
but if you're not people I'm not alone
on film I'm not going to wake them up
let them sleep yeah definitely Hawks
it does sound with your ass you ugly
I would not wake him up dog God your dad
and mom are in bad moods today yes sandy
will have a bunch of words about you oh
yeah she's yeah she is
various animal oil she read the comments
you left on YouTube I don't leave
comments on YouTube according to Cindy
you left the comments saying that you
and her going to get back together what
are you doing let me show you something
stress like a comment on that I think
what I really want to focus on is he's
watching GoPro and bait trap this ball
of fish in video
okay let's easy so he does he'll be
YouTube account but this is not the one
she was talking around yeah awesome yeah
there's nothing on that I can't make
comments on my YouTube just a bun just
like a bunch of favorites that's it huh
I subscribed to is I'm subscribed yeah I
knew you like Godsmack does the Godsmack
thing I brought Godsmack Cindy he's not
leaving I'm going to Cindy you left
comments that you're going to get back
together whether you're still in love
with her daddy was a snap Oh Cindy take
offense today I don't know are you
alright
yup I'm I'm fine well she said just the
case it was you to relay the message
she'll never get with you she ain't
cleaning up after you wait a minute
we're talking about the woman that would
stock up laundry where you couldn't walk
through
the back of the trailer um uh I don't
know shoo-shoo the house cleaner now
that's not mom that was your mom
ah okay I love to get into this normal
don't go see wait here's also furious
with your mess my mess yeah oh yeah
harami you left a huge mess look I would
include I was gonna go out I didn't see
it
okay I'll show you here you did a good
job on that wall
yes thank you or should we like he left
dust everywhere and wicked what is
problem and what he said he never clean
up after yourself
ever I cleaned up after her no no you
didn't live it I don't know she one of
the things really has been one was your
anger problems
I'm trying to work you guys back
together but she says don't waste your
time you were shaping done your hands
are you're physically shaking with anger
and yeah okay I'll give you straight up
God's honest truth she's bad she would
take you back under the condition that
you stop fishing and like just be a
better person
Colin off
okay oh I know
ah yo good oh I'm done
where are you going why W was joking now
that was said it was a joke
no that was really sick yeah this is Joe
did you have a see vapors dude I'm now
that in --see it
Turner bridge doesn't snap oh my god I
can see the head holding a sickle in his
hand so what I'm don't you done I Love
You Man is just a joke really but no
more fishing why is this are you doing
then let's change the subject horn how
bad do it yeah haven't seen it eat okay
we missed on yeah don't you come out of
the house with us we got to get for you
I ain't spending with a boat I'm nothing
like that nothing a big ribbon that
would make me leave the state again
usually the state oh my gosh this time
for more than 15 years you're telling to
say for 15 years
really oh man what are we on earthing
here
she did say she thought you left the
youtube comment she did say that you
thought you want to get back together
but he didn't stop stirring the pot
Michael he did say that no she didn't we
blogged it where they comment she didn't
say it though no I'm saying in the
comments she thought does said they
wanna buy together yeah I thought you
said she's so fast no you snapped up
haven't you he's snap dude yes oh my god
up to this angle look up oh my god
geez I know says
let's just go I'm done really hahaha we
were getting a thumbnail it never just
drive they just dropped like Nicole saw
every Danny Oh God oh oh okay that was
that was working at sundown took over
reporting at that moment hey Jenny yeah
I think this Oh was she doing okay how
many quarters Lin I know you're probably
still upset over the substantive fad but
we got some gifts for you why thank you
but you know what is yeah wireless
headset yes you can actually talk to it
will you please Jason oh yeah guys we're
sitting the last night playing Friday
the 13th with Doug and like don't get in
the car you just standing there
mmm controller yeah it's kind of worn
that one out goal in I'm so excited when
that Doug is helping us hang some of
these Harry Potter pictures which got me
was if our anniversary or birthday
birthday nice what are these comfortable
was the website etsy.com somebody made
this stuff you gotta clear this that's
my tattoo look nobody ever noticed
actually like that that is not platform
9 and 3/4 and of course that's Harry and
what is this one for the red I am a
Slytherin all right so we will be doing
the outro in just a second but I wanted
to show Doug hanging this real quick the
show just how nerdy our house is giving
Harry Potter their last of us there
which are over there
Harry Potter dangling from up there and
of course most importantly Harry Potter
all over my body
Jason listen yeah where's the chasin
mask we need some sensation up in here
we need to find that because Friday the
13th is in October this year wait
well that's going to be up for today you
guys thanks for watching dad I love you
I hope you feel better remember you guys
to keep them to your hashtag I love AGP
videos and this weekend on my show or to
them he actually did wake up while we
were there I just want to film can i
onblur me it can can i under
Larry Mitch show me here we go no it's
good now oh don't show me any guys
that's going to be it thanks for
watching pretty good day Doug sorry
about the little risk between you and
Cindy we kind of beast it on a little
bit on shall we
guys like subscribe favorite fun
everything for us and that's it I like
you guys so much guys we love you so
much thank you for everything that you
do all the videos the comments the
length you guys go ham every video I
love you for it to the back
every time I want to say them about I
was gonna interrupt Mel's gorgeous
gorgeous Mel because I don't know work
Oh
you
