so we are looking for Jennifer well I
think I better yeah that's her
what's going on you guys get me out of
camera here so SDS white day today is
Thursday you were way excited can we
just acknowledge that for a second a
Thursday let me just tell let me just
tell I've run why I'm really excited
right now
why okay so we're making tacos tonight
it that was it yeah like I was expecting
a lot more okay here's why we're making
tacos
yeah today we're making tacos and today
you feel it I'm excited yeah
Lichtman you're young guys if you didn't
see the main Channel video we uploaded
yesterday angry grandpa gave me what his
diagnosis was check this out it matters
to us we know that you got the results
and it was way worse than we're
expecting what it was all you know is it
doesn't mean it was in the early stage
and they can treat it with medication
then if you missed the vlog does decided
to give me a little bit of bad news
dan has cirrhosis of the liver
unfortunately we already knew so Doug
thanks for the news we already know but
anyway we already know what I say you
said unfortunately Oh fortunately look I
don't know how to talk okay guys today
is Thursday today we got a little bit of
throwback action today we're cooking
some tacos let's get this blog started
yeah Linds was covered I don't care just
stay there I'll be there just second
yeah
yeah just just stay there what is going
on we're gonna go pick up a chair okay
we'll be down like five minutes dad
wanted a chair from Lowe's and she tried
to fit it in dad's tiny little oh my god
oh no and that was never gonna fit
reminds me of this it's on this one
Twitter it's about this um this guy
trying to push a couch into his car door
this was totally of it I was like hi so
he was kissing yes I remember I this is
the picture talking now let's get the
lows so here's the current plan first we
go to Lowe's to pick up the chair then
number two we take stead chair to
Grandpa's house then three we go to the
although I said the hospital we go to
Walmart to get the stuff to make tacos
let me wipe this off then we go home
good Fatah COEs eat and watch TV sound
like a plan it oh I'll be honest I
didn't expect it open so we are looking
for Jennifer all right well I see her
better
yeah that's her
to do it
who are these people yeah where is it I
want you to pretend like you didn't you
who were taking care of device wrong key
god oh who is following me
why do you lost you called us and begged
us to come down yeah you probably were
trying muscle she was really freaked out
in your new room so the better thing I
walk in here and are like oh that girl's
walking with a crappy job
I can't believe Jenny you thought that
was gonna fit in the car
you know I oh my god I almost got all of
it just didn't fit through the door ah
man you came here with the intentions of
fitting it in that car ended up I got
well I tried thank you here's Peter off
- okay whoa crap just more - I've got my
what hey thanks a lot man I enjoy so
thank you thank you very much you watch
a man well now we go gorgeous we're
going in his room did we go right -
dad's right now or do we go to Walmart
to get talking stuff I hate this Walmart
it's decided we're going to grab us
cover the lens
what was that hand thing you just did so
you ain't know what you did no gorilla
just take it - pop what stuff Oh
little little Darth Vader over here all
right oh she got a fuck hi okay she got
us back Bridget how did you funny
oh well don't worry where there's a
welder's away it's out of your way
I got you got it
Hey all righty share everybody what is
that
that patch quit smoking
are you really dry how many people
tonight ripple nice horn is awesome he
deserves a hug Oh God well we're gonna
head out
Jennifer Carla city will give the chairs
we shot over there yeah I know man I'm
gonna go around him Cory oh no don't
worry about it
no big deal enjoy ow I'm happier give me
house Jimmy oh that damn hole is that
okay give me hug yeah I gotta get out of
hell this one all right later pop so
fuck you wrong
oh yeah let's do some Jenny wherever you
are we're leaving bye Jenny
I guess I'll just honking honking ha ha
don't well no pasta go to Walmart yes
get taco stuff yeah I am the thing about
tacos this whole time you interrupted my
mustn't let a level of succession you
ready yeah we're here go to Walmart get
tacos and eat there's just one problem
my keys are inside seriously yeah go get
them I'm waiting right here
all right see how it is
oh my god it's cooking times you guys I
told you the beginning of the flog that
we were making tacos which means right
now it's time for us to dig into some
pizza you need it nobs you're like
getting stuck I'll be honest I now first
things first on purchase place on this
one first it has some big misconceptions
she was like chocolate tastes like two
and a half hours to cut hello you did
say you want to get home to the store
until like 710 or something right but
still it's really gonna takes two hours
into like 20 minutes it could be like
two hours to clean this kitchen it looks
good though I'll give it to you but it's
good now it's time for us to take a look
at our tacos so we couldn't leave got
like a taco pizza but Disney Channel is
awesome from the pizza why do I stop
tell me so I can eat those in just a
second oh my gosh Michael I really call
mister like there's no party that
doesn't belong yes it does guide into
law finally wings oh my god Marcos you
magnificent bastard yes I love you mark
out guys we're really making tacos we
got pizza instead which is just as good
right our banner or better before I get
out of here tonight you guys I wanted to
take a minute to tell a throwback story
and I wanted to tell a throwback story
that involves Linkin Park because if you
don't know the lead singer the Lincoln
Park chester bennington passed away
today he took his own life and first
things first that you or anybody you
know is going through anything like that
please you know talk to somebody or call
a hotline just find somebody to talk to
you because it's a permanent solution to
a temporary problem you don't have to
you don't have to live like that mental
illness has been in my family my entire
lives
and nobody should have to live like that
nobody should want to do something like
that so if you or anybody you know is
going through that please you know
please find out but I do want to take on
a funnier side I want to tell a story
about Lincoln Park and it's not it
wasn't funny then it's funny now it was
horrible then but it's about the time
that we bought Lincoln Park tickets and
they wasn't real so this story goes back
to 2007 Lincoln Park had newly put out
minutes to midnight which was what oh
what a fantastic album minutes to
midnight I love it a lot of people don't
like that album I actually really do
love it and Jennifer Love said Jennifer
has two favorite bands in the world
Linkin Park and unfortunately Nickelback
oh Jenny
she loves her hahaha Grail has my
favorite video and you do guys she loves
a Nickelback and she loves Linkin Park
back in 2007 my family was in dire
straits we had no money we we couldn't
afford to live in the house we lived in
a Summerville anymore so we found this
really dinged up trailer as all we could
find you guys it was all that we had and
we lived there for a while and while we
were there we lost internet connection
and while we were living there we also
needed furniture and stuff so we went to
his friend's house
Jennifer's friend's house and we looked
on craigslist and ebay and there was
this it was called free cycle in Yahoo
and you could look around and you could
find stuff and while we were on
Craigslist we saw that somebody was
selling Lincoln Park tickets for the
next night and I was like oh my god
have we been without internet for so
long that we missed Linkin Park coming
to Charleston I can't miss the concert
so we decided to contact the dude and
get him there were a hundred and fifty
dollars which you guys our family
desperately needed I had to take some of
my coal I worked at a place called
Cole's and Jennifer had recently gotten
fired from Kohl's
if you want to know about that ask her
why she got fired from cold so we had
our Kohl's cash and I was like you know
what I'm gonna go for the tickets I know
we need it but we don't get do anything
anymore we don't do anything fun we just
work and pay bills and that's it
so we decided to give it a run go to the
Lincoln Park concert so we meet this guy
and it's already sketch okay he has been
this like beat-up band and he's smoking
you got the tickets or no money
two tickets right here you go kid yeah I
didn't know that he's looking at us like
a frickin joke right we give him a
hundred and fifty dollars and I'm like
yeah Lincoln Park I thought it was going
to be the next day so I go home we get
ready for the concert I got this whole
beat up Linkin Park shirt you guys it's
got a hole in the back I can't afford
anything better but it's Lincoln Park
I'm wearing it Jennifer spends 4 and a
half hours on her makeup
that's just something she does did you
like it takes that what is that stuff
like though face stuff is great
face powder like foundation or something
she's like oh I don't know she was
always like a ghost I don't know what's
going on dude she just goes crazy on
foundation she spends eight hours doing
her makeup finally we go out to the
fairgrounds with a concert and when we
get there nobody's there there's no
trucks there's no people looking for
tickets there's no people looking for
parking spaces there's nothing it's dad
there's nobody there what's going on so
nice - Lincoln Park concert right now
hold up a ticket but yes tonight oh they
must have moved it to the Coliseum so we
go to the Coliseum we're over here here
we go this car is like oh there's an
event seems like it was like disney on
ice or something it was not Lincoln Park
I go to the window yeah how can I use
this ticket so well first this is not
Ticketmaster - this isn't here this is
that the fairgrounds like well it's not
there
Schuyler I want to tell you and I don't
know what to say where's the concert had
I just taken five minutes just two
minutes three five two minutes to Google
Lincoln Park I would have
they ain't coming to Charleston they
never been to Charleston Oh God we're
never going to come to Charleston to
this day they've never been to
Charleston that is crazy guys
there was no Linkin Park concert and I
just looked I would have known that and
I didn't I gave a 150 dollars two
tickets that didn't exist we needed that
money link apart was probably on
Saturday Night Live or something that
night they weren't here they were gone
what does the tickets look like was it
like paper it will take ticket material
I'm guessing we got print at it like
Kinkos or something I don't know guys it
wasn't a real ticket that's the point I
called the guy's number your number has
been disconnected or is no longer in
service
he must have needed a quick hundred of
fifty bucks and he found the only
suckers and Charles no give it to him me
there was no Linkin Park concert I cried
on the way home was like I didn't want
it it did there was no concert Jennifer
Jennifer went silent which means there's
something brewing in her head she was
there like a cow on I don't know what
was going on a do test and do it guys
there was the only good part concert
that's my story it sucked
chester rest in peace man again if you
know anybody that means like any kind of
help like that please give it to them
but anyway there was no Lincoln Park
concert I wasted the only money we had
my arm is getting too tired to keep
doing this oh geez
give me a bullet no I'm done with the
story guys but do me I'm shooting moms
who don't even do this guy no guys
outro time seriously Chester gonna miss
you ma'am
Michael what do you mean well jenny lake
summers brewing in her head I mean like
she was thinking and I don't know what
she was thinking about I didn't trust
them she was in the passenger seat just
riding oh god I try to put on like a
Parkman hey let's listen to this I bleed
it out digging we can afford a new copy
of that it's out the window now stop the
are there to see the out the window no
dude on the way home we never found it
see ya that's the story dude it was
crazy
no Linkin Park tickets I feel so bad I
thought about that too all this happened
to doesn't oh my god that was right
we have gypped on some Linkin Park two
others who were vol what really sucks is
I was always going to make it my mission
at some point to go see them I want to
do that no matter where they were
because I knew they weren't coming to
Charleston so I figured maybe I can fly
to New York or like North Carolina or
anywhere that they were so I could see
Lincoln Park never got to do it never
get you now anyway I wish she didn't do
it
Tom do the outro yeah that was my only
good Park story well that's going to be
it for today you guys thanks for
watching had a pretty good day when god
add a chair told by Linkin Park snore we
ate pizza pizza was amazing you're
always amazing pizza come and see me
again
guys that's going to be it for today
thanks for watching had a pretty good
day when to see Dad I enjoyed it like
subscribe favorite everything for us
guys so much of what to sing all those
what smell
