I need y'all sit down why you're
starting to scare you're really scaring
me why here so then okay
hey don't be so much I mean I know it's
really ridiculous and it's kind of
annoying in rude and if you can't film
out here the don't I am sewing out here
it's okay
how come everybody knew but me I don't
know my wife the lens off I can tell I
don't really know what was it and you I
know I I don't know why I did that
what was in that oh it sounds like a car
oh my god seriously what is in this
thing
oh I don't want to know how are you
smelling in you drive very far am i
smelling rough it comes in that I don't
know trash trash juice I don't freaking
know I got stopped for a second I'm
getting queasy
what's going on you guys keep you out of
camera here for just here right there
and today we are confronting my dad we
are confronting Doug yeah guys if you
didn't see the video we uploaded on the
angry grandpa show earlier grandpa let
me know what stage has cirrhosis of that
if you haven't seen it check out this
clip okay hey don't you ever pay me off
you to begin your standing no we're
doing whatever any of you do get I
didn't send you off youtube yeah you
know we owe their whole and now I'm real
good that's not I want to give you a
broad a long VI de la vie
I also found out how many people knew
besides me my sister knew my other
sister knew Lauren knew my dad knew does
knew I'm really surprised to people at
Walmart didn't know like seriously
Express the greeters almac hey I heard
about what let with stage this rose
right like everybody knew but me yeah
and that's not right that it's not even
fair me and dad are best friends and for
me to find out laughs hurts my feelings
yeah
so we're confronting Doug that's the
bottom line of all this we're
confronting Doug find out why he didn't
tell us because he's your best friend do
you get out what did Doug tell you I
don't know Doug you're gonna find out
today I don't know I don't know what
else I don't know how to approach it
I'm just not done we're gonna find that
why you didn't tell us that's all they
have to say we're getting the blog
started Doug style Doug we're finding
out why you ain't told us yeah
all right versus dad just pulled up you
guys okay we're with what and we are
about to confront him I think the way to
do is just straight up confrontations by
yeah it's got to be a really friend
about it you know why would you all spin
so Doug what about this yeah
like as soon as he walks in yo dad why
did he tell us
what if you come to my front door the
side door those are locked you pulled
with two moons ago
you did what I don't know okay little
see you sandy here ya know get back over
here
so I'm also thinking you should throw
your hands up and not doing the face a
couple times you're come on
do your job I'm kidding I would never do
that
and now has he got my face Michael see
remember that gaunt and curls stuff oh
yeah hey Colleen
hey young man Wilson and cut that off
right Kyle why cut it off
oh don't you film this why I actually
want to talk to you about something on
camera cut camera operation alright song
to rock yeah it's off okay
come on Sam why not fight Pepsi why yeah
you're scaring me
yeah okay
dad has cirrhosis of the liver yes and
not not good believe me it's not good
looks like that
sorry said it was stage stage he thought
this was early things he just called me
it's roses and not to let y'all know
that's what you want to talk more they
don't get to races yep
we follow the two weeks ago how do you
not knowing he had selected for to be
another they've sworn to secrecy as we
found out we were at the hospital we
have a diagnosis he sent me a message
told me better he now watch your vlog
yeah you know what's involved you talk
about it every day that was been lately
have we not talk about us with your dad
bridges
I thought he knew he told me not until
yo yet what's a student does he didn't
really he told the people to a stage
I've asked you not to record this I am
I'm not I'm done we go everything come
on - deal
oh my gosh so you can't be my mad come
on the health research does we already
knew about the cirrhosis yeah we already
knew like two weeks ago it's the trash
I don't know what's in there I think
Michael took a crap in the trash can as
you call it yeah oh where you going
please don't go dad we need help today
thank you for telling us but we already
do what the sorry yeah we already never
the cirrhosis is going to fight you
because we thought you knew what stage
it but that didn't tell us yeah oh you
didn't tell me in those days I had
closeness please do
always joking about stuff like that we
do not do that no Michael just took a
crap in there Oh what was the news I'm
sorry I'm just trying to lighten up the
mood we're going to have a serious
conversation just had a long
conversation with Doug you guys I don't
want to keep this going on very long I
want to go ahead and expedite this as I
can I guess for some reason we haven't
discussed grandpa's diagnosis with Doug
I could swear we did guys let me know in
the comment section if we dig if I could
swear that we did and it's got to be
spoken Doug's mind and if it's flipping
Doug's mind then we look into some sort
of like medicine or something or I don't
know I could swear we talked about it
with Doug Bell but if not then it is
what it is but I could swear we did but
anyway we had a long conversation
basically you know he didn't know what
stage it was that which was why I was
initially angry in the first place so
dad did not tell Doug what stage it was
that just that he had cirrhosis to begin
with and I also don't want you guys to
think that grandpa is completely free
and clear I thought you know we've been
in a better mood about it because it is
an early stage but it's going to get
worse and that's something I'm going to
be thinking about every day but it being
in the early stage is very optimistic he
you know we can try and manage it with
medicine and you can never cure it there
is no cure but you can make it
energy more and that's what I really
want for that I you know I would hate
for him to be you know be 66 years old
and be in total misery so I'm really
happy that we caught it as early as we
did because he's had a rough year he had
cancer cirrhosis we've had all those
family issues going on and all the
pressure and like just all the horrible
stuff that's been happening he deserves
a break so dad I'm glad that it's in
early stages I didn't want you guys to
think because you know we we were
laughing a few minutes ago that we're
taking it lightly I don't want you guys
to think that you know it's very serious
it's a very serious illness it's a very
serious thing going on but yeah we had a
good conversation Doug didn't know so
dad stop hiding suffering people it's
all I could say stop biting stuff we
have some stuff to do you guys we're
going to go clean up the pool house you
know there's a lot of damage in it we
have it fixed yet that really need to
take care of we've been sort of
neglecting it we're going to clean up
the pool house we're gonna throw away
some boxes let's get the day started
are you guys we figured what better way
to continue this day than to go get
something to eat and then we decided not
to do that and came to Home Depot we're
not going we're not going into any but
we are actually going to the Home Depot
to get a new wall stuff apparently
to fix the pool house it's destroyed
gotta fix it
hey Michael I triple dog dare you triple
dog dare to lick the wood he really yeah
I'm going to lick the what I want you to
like help your dad oh my goodness so are
you not going to good for sure
no he'll do it they'll do I'm kidding I
didn't quite do that you should
triple-dog do every the poisons morning
seems like yes those like yes then play
double kind of poisons on this would
what elvers blue it's like sweet is your
tongue burning at all yeah a lot
actually I was kidding what he was
joking
was one sheet yeah okay weird what we do
is all I need
or mess it up
white well let me so much while we're in
here I don't know what we have to be in
here I don't mean while we're in here
like it's relevant to what I'm saying
but in the vlog I do want to say happy
birthday to Shane Dawson now he does not
know who we are
he thought Shane Dawson does not know
who and we grandpa RK beyond the cameras
but happy birthday anyway is a huge
YouTube inspiration the guy set the bar
so happy birthday to Shane Dawson we're
looking around this part yeah happy
birthday okay Bridget what the hell is
this thing
oh my god I don't know the get away from
it and we say something from a cartoon
that's just waiting to turn on what okay
I'm not going to put up with that
anymore honeysucker if I were to stand
right here turn it on
don't do it am I really gonna do it I
hope not stop did you think
well he'll actually stand between the
cutting board and turn it on I I would
hope you want to do and I would hope you
have enough sense to just walk away I'm
doing it
no Michael I only want your joke
are you serious
Michael are you really having anxiety
right now why do you why do you want to
cut yourself up I don't but I almost
deal with that close that was the effort
I'd be careful me too I'm done with it
my aunt's a slice himself up I am having
about it so this sheetrock does not fit
in Doug's truck and so Doug has the idea
it's not going to fit in bridges so he
has put two pipes and an angle and put
them on it and he swears this is going
to work so naturally we're going to be
following you Doug's we can film the
trip really yeah you sure about this
like I feel like if this was like in
3dep we'll be like whoa trust me over we
were about to be following behind Doug
because he thinks it's going to make it
I don't quite think it's going to I want
to know look I don't want to film it
because something's going to happen I
need to film it just in case you might
need it for insurance purposes so right
now we are following behind Doug you
guys hoping terrified that nothing
happens yes terrified that something's
going to happen this thing has been
bouncing and I've sworn to break to
pieces I only have fuckit statements if
there's a fall because there's a bucket
on there now
like I think he thought about what you
said what did I say though they prompted
a bucket you were like Doug it's going
to fall out where's the bucket do those
empty isn't it yeah but there's a line
over and it was just a supporting
imbalance
well we just got back successfully and
there's a rainbow casted perfectly over
Doug oh how lucky charms this love you
how lucky and just luck alone just
believe this I love the camera is
picking it up but it looks awesome
what the cause is a rainbow Doug
sunlight through water the true it makes
it present yeah I gotta unlock it real
quick
is she Kevin who I get with it close
unlock the door okay there
that's almost going to be a fruit that
you guys we're going to be doing the
outro in just a second and wow it's
beautiful out here beautiful sky Wow
I don't know the camera is picking it up
wow that's a shame it really is that is
Wow guys we're gonna be finishing the
wall here pretty soon
daddy's gonna what he was live just some
screws screws and put the wood back and
paint it that's it we're going to weapon
that's it that's it well so we're going
to be getting out here in just a second
thanks for having to tell us this
horrible news today Doug sorry we
already knew anyway guys doing the outro
thanks for the wall dug out short time
well that's going to be it for today
guys thanks for watching I had a pretty
good day does scared us a little bit
with his news like I thought he had
something new to tell us I know I was
really worried he's gonna know better so
known for this am i okay
what is this and he tells us stuff that
we already knew two weeks ago I thought
Doug knew I know I swear he knew I know
he should have known I feel like you
definitely should have known you not
talk to your dad about this I know man
it just slipped my mind I'm pretty sure
we did anyway guys that's going to be it
for today Doug thanks for helping us fix
the pool house up we still got a ways to
go but thanks for that going to get out
of here if you haven't seen the video we
uploaded a grandpa show channel the link
will be in the end here that's going to
be it
like subscribe be fun everything for to
us enough
oh yes so much
the
