it's good I'm still eating it I like it
I you know any chicken I'm sorry its
profit it's better for you we use no
alibi the chicken tuna premium it's in
the garbage right now we're gonna dig in
the house she's gonna think our trash
for the ticket price this container
right there where's the where's away
what's going on you guys get me out of
camera here oh uh see right there and
today is Sunday and today is the
cook-off oh yeah and I'm so winning guys
dude you're gonna win I have to win guys
today is the cook-off Bridget versus
Tina and I gotta be honest for a second
I tried to help you lose why because if
you win team is gonna be bitching about
cheating and like okay we paid off the
judge you're right you're right and then
she's gonna smash something so for the
sake of the video maybe you should just
actually salt or something it's kind of
true guys she cannot take any criticism
she can't no guys today is Sunday
they're not gonna grow in my dish for
Bridget's gonna win today is the
cook-off Bridget and Tina and speaking
of a vs. yesterday was the rat battle
between me and PFE and I handed him an L
oh you didn't more than that babe you
ripped him a new asshole I would tell
him to his face right now but he's out
getting stuff for a music video Matt hey
cake frying alone in a hotel room that's
what's happening right now guys today is
Sunday today is to cook-off let's talk
about the rap battle before we start the
vlog and get straight to the cook-off
you guys I wanted to talk about the rat
battle in yesterday's vlog because I'm
getting a general consensus that a lot
of people never understood my references
that I was making to begin with Matt
gets kind of annoying you know it's been
a lot more PFE but a lot of me as well
and I get I think that those people
actually understood the references you
know I got something you know people
will write me on Twitter you know Oh
what he doesn't take the bus to work he
drives for uber and I'm like I was
making an eight-mile reference ozbaby
the franchise yeah I'm taking the
fucking bus to work that I immediately
flipped his eight-mile bar are you
kidding me I did a fricking flip like
this is crazy so one of the other
references people didn't understand was
the yellow wolf stuff which was kind of
the backbone
of my whole thing the fact that he looks
just like he wants to be just like
yellow wolf and he does guys people
don't know who yellow wolf is and I
don't know how that's possible the
dude's got a song on YouTube with a
hundred million views called best
friends with mmm like how do you not
know who yellow wolf is so I'm a little
irritated okay I don't want to lose
anything so Matt you son of a bitch I'm
just joking you guys I'm not actually
mad I don't want to lose this thing I
don't want to eat this double-double I
don't know what's gonna happen me and P
if you're gonna go through the comments
later and we're gonna see who lost so we
can go do the triple triple of course I
could have done basic stuff that didn't
apply to be like I'm not just like moms
in the suburbs agreed that has nothing
to do with me Matt anyway irritate it
let's do this cook-off there's a chance
I lost the rap battle and I'm willing to
accept it but I'm a slap in the face for
now I'm not really gonna do that guys
let's do this cook-off okay so what is
in this version this is butter and heavy
cream butter heavy cream and right here
she started chicken now that is cooking
in butter so the heart attacks gonna be
glorious it's gonna be really good
though Tina actually wrote me in to be
like hey can you warm my oven that's got
to go for another eight minutes and I
was like she's already cooked it she has
cooked her chicken alfredo already
that's insane yeah exactly she could
have like gotten out of a store or found
it in the backseat like who knows she's
eaten it for any of us
I don't get sick from eating her food
but we're gonna watch - what do you be
Doug is that against the rules magnet at
her house yeah
anybody could have made it Bridge is
sitting right here cooking this so this
is just butter and cream sure she copes
it exactly how many story your chicken
them how much garlic did you just have I
just added like two tablespoons in case
she just squeezed it right and she has
no idea how much weight once so much for
that
Oh give it here like your she gets that
dude okay unless you have a nosebleed
she was squeezed oh my god alright Doug
is defeated Doug I know a beer opener we
all loosened it up for Tina just got
here yeah he already brought it it's
already cooked very arson the process
would be enough room bones look look hey
wait a minute
fresh parsley yeah
you're bad as your dad that stays put
before I'm gonna stand here watch over
it
Tina if it has a good lotion chemical
flavor that I didn't do it yeah this is
Bridget's lotion
yeah yeah Bridget's not my kids plates
are being dissembled gene is trying to
figure out how the oven works on the
freaking ground oh it's not like
building a wall come on a little plate
okay I like your shine now
yeah only camera she wants a little boy
off camera she wants a second help all
righty you start making some plays oh
there I don't look afraid or the Sahara
hey that's fresh parsley Bo I'm not a
very good person to bake you know the
testers all that stuff just like puts it
on the plate cuz that's it that's good
make sure you put some toppings on that
why don't you shut the hell up Jennifer
you have but you goddamn cook this shit
I'm gonna storm bodies shit man is
everybody gonna eat this or dogs will
okay there you go perfect
hey no you're gonna get some down Tina
you get the Viper I've already eaten a
whole part of this but I can't eat no
more just making sure it's nothing
I tried this one baby all right
good she took a very small dose all
right you guys everybody's got their
plates now it's time for some tasting to
begin which one we should all do the
same way first what's right we're doing
first this plate they're our new brain
its first come on taste Jennifer
everything get much of a taste the
creaminess Oh anything you can really
pick up the garlic in it
you know and plenty of garlic yeah all
right so keep the vampires away next all
right Louis also try team is now all
right
fighting with it well you really oh you
are not a good eater there Jennifer
chickens dry do you I like the bacon
it's it's different than they ever had
upper I've never had Alfredo with bacon
in it what do you think Jimmy I like the
bacon too because I just get a man all
right so good woman so she made her for
$10 and I made mine for 65 and you guys
all belong to the same family started
pretty much new who's gonna win my dad
is not true actually I like Tina's Jimmy
votes Tina Tina I'll tell you what Tina
I did enjoy yours I thought it was
pretty good but I gotta give it to
Bridget I just I have to it's I don't
know I'm a big garlic fan anyway - I
love Karen
that's like besides the cream it's like
a creamy garlic salt alfredo sauce and
like that's the first thing you pick up
on it so do these that was a good idea
because it just adds some exactly
sweeteners are the peas because I don't
wanna get smashed later oh so you really
think she won though
I'm kidding - no no no no this is good
and honestly this would one if we get it
took take a Bridget sauce and throw it
in yours and then these peas the B that
means these peas are not there oh my god
they're such sweet knees
no I'm gonna refresh - it's almost like
they picked it themselves so we got one
for Tina great I mean usually written
for showing up I'm saying I'm saying it
probably what it came out with oh yeah I
mean I mean you added the bacon to start
off the fact of camera on box like hit
it I know it's funny how do you think
dad's good hit nail on the head right on
the dry hand it's good I'm still eating
it I like it
we use no anabolic chicken - no premium
it's in the garbage right now with Nick
in the house she's gonna think our trash
for the ticket track to buy a second
chance this container right there
where's the where's the lid then there's
some cool hair where yes yeah beef jerky
yeah where yeah this little blue thing
right there
this is not an epi can I get two noodles
no artificial ever know anybody okay I
fuck it in you want what else you want
done all right here we go trying Tina's
come on Mikey I know you like it it's
like the life commercial you good yeah I
tried it yet time to try to do the
baking in the trial if I drop dead you
all know what happened yeah your air
burst go nice bacon but I needs a little
salt
so you try the bacon no sorry but no see
it's lacking salt when you try the bacon
it makes up for it's different in it
it's so good so much better than me so
conclusion Tino wins right no you would
be a sugar britches right
my job which is good quality bacon guys
oh yeah this is dr. Myron oh it's not
pre-made stuff business yeah look it's
not read there you go
it's not rigged I just make better off
right now I warned you no I'll take it
home it freeze it and then we can eat it
for leftovers dry it now if you don't
wanna freeze it now that's all I
wouldn't say that what do you say he
wouldn't be at home with his dog
I wouldn't either tell me what I just
because mission you know Fredo
yeah you love this man over there I'm
gonna cut me gonna be a physical fist a
fist in here oh man boop boop very good
homeless people would make down a
delicatessen right there no I agree
that's why I'm glad you made it like
this murder you're right watch movie
save some for me
okay that's right thank you sir for her
enjoy it
choke on a noodle I'm going to hopefully
not Joe I'm gonna enjoy it that's for
sure I'll give you a drink so you don't
shush yes dude oh man is she
boom listen the only reason why you want
us guy allowed you to know I'm one
because mine's better than your work
we're made it better than mine
everything the business man these belong
to you for your friends
daddy please okay Tina Tina wants to be
honest let's give her some honesty you
didn't have enough salt it was a little
bland
hello that may be a braid on a diet
I'm sorry all my enlarged hurts excuse
me for trying to be healthy why are you
so mad Tina you just didn't have no soul
Tina relax now you might say a trick
Mike never wrong I quit a lot of money
time it's an act
Timmy you had everything you didn't have
enough salt I don't care about salt
we don't put peas in fettuccine
it was delicious you've really lost most
of disrespecting it out you can't cut
Oh Bridget you win relax I can cook
fried chicken then too much from now cuz
kids take you that long to even get a
recipe up she you had to do it never
just she's challenged Icahn well now
you're gonna she's challenged they give
a cook should be able to cook a little
is that what a boom buddy me click like
if you want Tina versus Bridget the
fried chicken cook-off I don't fry with
that click like if you want it you'll
have it but that's not fair we can both
make chicken alfredo just - way better
mercy just have to learn how to fry
chicken she needs a lawyer don't you to
have kids one day can't just give him
out fredwich stupid ass he's in it I
hate you in fried food either they'll
end up like me don't you wanna know the
fuck you
they're yours
it's not it's not we don't let Doug win
Persia one
Tina's out team is out
