look at that check it out it was been
okay
way to go miles bored I'm sorry you been
around you've been here ten seconds
what's going on you guys keep you out of
camera here because here right there and
today is Sunday today you look great why
are you hiding it I don't know you look
great guys today is Sunday and today if
you can't tell they dyed my hair brown
Oh No so sad no hey I'm not mad about it
I'm glad you didn't choose a prank color
sorry we are seeing me with like my
normal color hair yeah I mean you look
really good you know what I'm noticing a
lot of people saying did you dye your
eyebrows too no no these are the normal
color it's just more noticeable now that
is with the right look guys we just need
to save your face most of it I want to
save your face bin soon and I'll look
like a child it is what it is today is
Sunday and today we're going over to God
pot we're going to see grandpa we're
going to Lowe's we're going out to lunch
Doug is here we got a lot going on today
folks let's get this vlog started yeah
we didn't get on the dress from Home
Depot folks we did get up and came
alright now you know the intro is done
later in the day we forgot to do an
intro maybe nobody would have guessed
anything sorry this was this morning
action a little father father I'll just
do an arrow you don't to touch me and
I'm fine with it
he hates me how you been ok I guess
see you something already immediately
sounds horrible yep doing good yeah you
look better than you did a little better
and hey he's mobile he huh huh look at
that check it out it was Ben okay way to
go miles Boer I'm sorry oh let me get to
spin around you've been here 10 seconds
oh geez speaking of been here for 10
seconds
I guess I you captain I want that to get
back I think that's my go you and Luka
me them alone this is not what happened
everybody clicked like me to dye my hair
what everybody wanted to be died
yesterday
Oh Punk the Roylott nothing but it's
different color at least one purple
painting good well it still it's
different
there was good I liked it are you good
no okay yeah I were nowhere was up I was
weird
what are you doing checking on dad
seeing or harassing him yeah said you
need her help
oh I'll come check on this bitch what's
up okay what oh I was going to say
you're doing a good job into your
arrested me now you're doing a horrible
job no Jennifer has has she got stepped
up it really is Jennifer's run that
errand where she wants attention
alright so I have no go ahead you go
ahead one two three oh I may give you 15
seconds but she's bought all right all
right one more grand finale
ah oh my father Joe daughter here
Oh where's that dog which one usually
you don't hear bye Ron
well enjoy me Cena perfect oh my god
whoa
hi buddy
oh my god Lauren does he do this all the
time earlier and it was so funny we ran
our God if we market does a guy like
these things
it means on flight well okay dad you
know they have be 8 plus but no bill cuz
like Judas because a fit I like people
tell him you know you know what you need
to get that one of them neutral you can
make your own juices and so allah jalla
nutribullet neutral what do you mean
what are we missing something here
we went okay are gonna have a
nutribullet yeah well they say I don't
understand
would you like me to show you to do
Jordan well now I'm intrigued so yes
what's the whole bear thing
what nutribullet okay alright you have a
student mark expand good Matt what do
you have this don't want to add oh you
know this right here
Oh heart it took me along like 15-20
minutes take apart and woman let me gave
it to it what if I want to pay for that
wait wait wait a minute wait no yeah we
paid for it
oh wait wait what you bought a store
model yeah this is just the one display
there's nothing to do this well I know
that ma'am oh my gosh Dez Lincoln is
like you and I can't wait have a new
jabo haha I had no idea so I so turned
that there's a nothing there oh that's
exactly what it's like in the store see
I can't even right now this is Jesus I
thought it may be shaky stuff oh we're
gonna get we're gonna have a new client
now you need a nutribullet comes Tucker
high-wattage you've got to get a
nutribullet now I didn't know they were
going out of business
amazing you know went to a bar yes large
guys Kmart is totally going out of
business here and everything using a
hundred percent off clearly they're
really yeah take the whole stand and it
doesn't work like look at this gorgeous
it has like well and you know what
goodness is when we really get you one
you'll have all these accessories
already for it may work so I'm getting a
thumbnail of dad with this nutribullet
right now Poor Dad so what do you don't
try to break it you don't need me
breaking anything right now
whoa what's up - magic spot again I did
it last time
what's up I provided here with dull and
so go rock here yeah the whole motor is
completely gone so I thought you could
use the accessories but there's a hole
in it oh my god anything you I might
have a new keyboard at the house so we
don't use your guys we're going I know
he's mounted the mutual not us okay
we'll get you a nutribullet peace hey
neutral send us fine now I'm just poking
nobody tweet nutribullet we need one day
you ever treated is so rotten jogging
till they didn't sell that it's a
display just cover this up are you guys
that's going to be it for Grandpa's
house we're on our way to Kmart because
dad swears to God because some deals
they got some great video Jenny's it's
true very true Lauren can you confirm
okay turn off annex well no I wasn't
there but don't take it for nothing Oh
baby oh nothing ought to play well I
wouldn't buy I would've grabbed the
display nutribullet oh shut up
I see coitus son back did you have to
rip that off the shelf to begin with the
building would be bolted down in a set
on a shop well we're going to Kmart
that's going to be it pretty soon we're
gonna be uploading a main Channel video
kind of an update video on Grampa
that's coming soon tomorrow I think if
you want to hear it tomorrow you
actually have your doctor's point yeah
fine bar how far my cirrhosis is guys
tomorrow is the day we find out the test
results also it's also the day Kim goes
home so it's not because we go get a
nurse nurse to come here once or twice a
week that's awesome very good dad well
we'll cover the wounds up yeah you're
full of energy
Wow volume AHA ha ha ha ha be good girl
ok booze like a kid you have to know
it's okay Lily scared of zoo okay well
bye Jolla baby may go tomorrow
yeah they miss their daddy yeah they do
oh hey Lily what covered his wounds up
we're leaving grandpa's house wait oh no
come on dude don't do it don't do this
funny she's gone dude I'm convinced this
is exercise thing at this point dude she
was lose weight
Yoshii backing up too fast oh Jesus
Christ
please they hate me I needed
confirmation I just got it thank God the
others Gatorade are you guys if you see
right here Kmart is actually hiring but
if you're looking for any kind of
long-term it position maybe not this one
because look I don't know man I don't
think I want to apply when I see a big
slide that's a store closing yeah come
apply a Kmart where the stores closing
oh that would you think that was good
it's actually cool I think dad's on to
fucker no they don't want that Barbies
and stuff that's what they want weapons
I don't know what Lily likes I've not
been able to gauge what she likes what
she's been here like I'm going to get
these for Eliza
those little Barbie and grab them very
like high college Barbies I will find
them a baseball bat
that's the hell so to somebody own the
copyright for fidget spinner fizzy's are
called roller spinners so to somebody
own digit spinner matter what our roller
spinner I know a lot of people going to
go roll the spinners or fidget spinners
I realize that it's kind of a joke right
now Doug it's gonna be changing out our
doorknob head you guys haven't been
noticing for some reason we've been
locking ourselves out yeah and because
Eliza is leaving tomorrow she's not
gonna be there to open it up so we had
to change this thing now yeah walked out
of her own house we can't have that
no you can be locked out of our house
and for say Clyde can't help us
yeah Clyde can't open the door or do
anything to the dog anyway guys we're
gonna be doing the out show here soon if
you can't tell right now we just did the
intro in case you're wondering when we
did that I'm chicken water I so
dehydrated yeah big squash and cheese I
feel weak are you serious
I'll be back it's time you guys for you
to see the brand new doorknob is that I
feel like calling you the doorknob isn't
right is it he's like a door handle the
new hand door handle loss they bought
new locks that might sell you check out
the new loss I feel like that's it whoa
damn here it is folks we actually do
have to paint this again because just
you know you cares can't notice it I
care oh I want this painted is what I'm
telling you can we get his light on for
a second hell yeah
she was way too excited about turning on
a light there you recording yeah guys
these were the keys for our door huh
what Michael I needed those what I think
this for the top lock what are these
turkeys in the front yards open what
what's the deal dude I thought they all
seemed know I was coming outside to try
out the new lot well we're never finding
this oh my gosh
this is I'm gonna try dude why did you
hand him to me I know you're gonna throw
them why would you do that
fucking dude I'm Michael and I throw
keys in the front yard
what do you expect of me I'm going over
here you can look for them yourself
Bridgette what I'd love to be able to
get into the house tonight and the
future I can't go by another with
Imogene this is this is I don't believe
this has happened
seriously this is not just happen I'm
getting upset as one geeky yeah in the
yard right now yeah I can
oh thanks for opening the door Michael
just lost her keys he threw them in the
yard tolki I didn't know it I was
putting up a test a lock I think we
should lock them out I don't know
either way I'm just messing with another
bloke you like I can't believe you
guesses do that you're even looking at
this point we're going to do it right in
your store I don't know get on your
hands and knees and look maybe no you
were worried and now those aren't really
the keys what the old key what yeah now
my wall and I'm not doing it I swear
but like I wanted to do that I look upon
for all this to Irenaeus to miserable
yeah yeah I'm sorry Oh sister joke
that's going to be it for today you guys
thanks for watching I'm really sorry the
blogs going up so late but bridging here
how many looking for a cheese in New
York like 30 minutes even just a joke it
was a trick it was funny it made me love
it was funny I was really scared oh man
I really thought I had the old Keith
look it is hey they were the old heat
there are other new keys right there
nothing needs no type cheese okay guys
that's going to be it for today this has
been a really weird day Kim is leaving
tomorrow and a lot of the time we've
spent packing her stuff back up yeah
gonna miss ya it was a lot of fun having
you and there's so much fun two weeks of
my way to five serious let me go by
really quick cycle anyway that's going
to be and thanks for watching you guys
like subscribe favorite for everything
for to us I mess it I just kind of tell
what guess I mean camera dude all night
yes that did not need a recording it is
important because oh yeah in the back of
that love you guys money L
