we're at Walgreens right now getting
this for dad because he's like not able
to walk right now and yeah he's gonna
hate it
he's gonna be really mad so I'm not
gonna be when you give it to him but I'm
getting it any other question you know
what is on your soul
you
what's going on you guys keep you out of
camera here yeah right there
and today I am so wearing my celebration
shirt and I am finally wearing a new
shirt are you but yes this is new is it
new
I'm wearing the marble shirt for like a
week come this is dirty already come no
this is not a new shirt it doesn't try
this haven't you guys really the wash my
clothes I like mature guys look this is
a fresh chart okay it's not anyway guys
are you anything else this was something
we filmed yesterday we had to go eat rip
I can't talk we had to go get grandpa
wheelchair because he's not mobile and
we we actually have a special wheelchair
order form but it's going to take a
while to get so we had to go buy him one
and he hates it he's pissed this was
getting that we were at Walgreens right
now getting this for dad because he's
like not able to walk right now and he's
gonna hate it
he's gonna be really mad so I'm not
going to be when you give it to him but
I'm getting it anyway other question you
know what is on your shoulder why is
that grow I've learned to sing just four
days you surprise Oh God do they sell
shirts here maybe we can get you one of
those that bad yeah dude it's nasty good
no not even close good nope flick it
wicked how about them
that's like lie I'm not gonna say what
it was uh uh-huh
well I can't say it stop it nope I was
bullied Oh cry Ellis cries he runs wild
on my shoulder
mmm-hmm stop it
what about my phone
Oh Mary
one of the things that I got to do every
few months is go through my place safe
and mess place can I can't talk today is
go through my PlayStation mess okay it's
like a weird combination to work hold on
my please my playstation messages all
right I gotta go through my PlayStation
messages it just seems weird okay my PS
money you okay my ps4 messages my Sony
messages and I got a respond to the
people that are sending me messages
because it's overwhelming and I can't
ever respond and I never show you guys
me doing it so now let's do this let's
respond to some folks on the PlayStation
messaging system I can is this really
Michael I'm not really sure who Michael
is but it sounds like a great guy
I don't really know who Michael is
either but in hola yeah he seems like
really cool I'd like to know him though
let me know what a YouTube channel is
all subscribe yeah I don't think it's
kid behind a camera it's over okay now
we click okay and I clicked in now the
courses got that message from it I'm not
really sure where Michael is but it
sounds like a great guy I don't know
I was eager for your walk yeah cool what
do you want to do together all you got
cut off
yeah Tasha says hey what's up not much
Brandon says wait is this Michael
abridgement hey Brandon
it's Michael and bridges and his bridges
both of us we both play all the time
both live got eight seconds that's out
of the one counting it is both of us
yeah
fire effects says I saw you and Kitty on
a camera huge yeah yeah are you serious
you saw we were in kiveat oh dude I love
his channel yeah it's my favorite
channel ever it's awesome subscribed do
me a favor Stimme the link I gotta see
this yeah I got to see it too
are you the real kid behind Kim no
definitely not
hey hey hey sorry for bothering you last
night's video of Kim and Michael dancing
the Backstreet Boys was awesome
tell me why ain't nothin but so exact
perfect
tell me why ain't nothin I never wanna
hear you say you know what stop we're
still thinking it I want it that way is
this pickle boy no it's pretty okay yeah
yeah that was gonna be a surprise no
it's pretty good
how do I stop that you hit doorstop well
it's not doing it for me I don't know
it's going okay okay
Oh Mike guys technology of not very new
to this yes for his live online stuff I
don't really okay okay listen oh oh my
god the free slavery spent a voice club
that's cool
yeah I don't know what he's talking I
just need to work yup DJ is a boss says
are you frigid no I brought red paint
like says acquaintance as me thank you
I'll keep it a secret for my friends
yeah thanks a lot you don't tell anybody
but I'm doing this as nitrous SS damn
bro you get a Friday the 13th
actually that's Bridget okay
this game has become her lifeline it's
become an extension of who she is she
cares more about it than me you know
that guys not true now Lorenzo says I
just can't put into words how amazing
you are you inspire me and you are funny
when my dad was sick for more than a
year I know how you feel and it gets
better with time wish him well and
hopefully we can play together PS I am
like you smart funny in a little husky
okay I don't consider myself far smart
or funny any farts now no I'm not smart
or funny that's just you yes you are
you're the only smart and funny one here
I'm not more than a little husky by the
way oh we're not done with him folks I'm
still recording but I do want to say
thank you so much for your message I
really appreciate it I hope your father
gets better man taking a one day at a
time that's all you can do but thanks a
lot for the compliment and the support I
love it thank you are you Michael if you
respond oh my god
oh my god like oh my god oh my god no I
don't know who kid you had a camera his
back or Michael or yeah she's crapping
the ground for sure definitely not
That's not me
uh-huh so this guy actually responded to
me
he is the one that I fix you up to know
I said your last one you guys Lorenzo
actually respond to me because that
makes me smile can I get a good luck cuz
tomorrow will lead to Texas to go to
Washington all my exes live in Texas and
all so good luck goodbye good luck man
and thanks for the great message yes
well guys that's it for me sending
messages on the PlayStation Network we
got a lot to do still wouldn't want to
target I'm having a good time today
let's go do some stuff I don't know if
the video is actually already up on
Kim's channel but before I do anything
else in this blog I wanted to take a
minute to invite you guys to subscribe
to Kim's channel because pretty soon she
is uploading a video where she took the
whole family to the beach it was a
all-day thing they had a great time they
were dating craps out of the sand it was
guys here's some of the clips this was
Kim at the beach we don't have to worry
about most of you getting sunburned
what's the problem
how's it going why you're okay you're
going to get more in it it'll stop
anyway check out the link below to
subscribe to Kim's channel check it out
she's gonna be going home next week and
she's gonna have videos that she filmed
here and new stuff check it out she's
trying to get to 100,000 subscribers to
go subscribe to her check her out let's
continue this vlog hey hey what are you
doing mom
why are you looking at yourself I can't
be vain you're so vain doing my hair so
gray thank you look good my hair is like
grayer want me to die yet
no I'm never dying there was something
wrong with your hair dude it bit it was
good
you think it's like my finger in an
electric socket no I just got a that is
awful it's totally gray now I think you
look great look horrible just it I'm at
a point in my life where my body has to
make the conscious decision if it's
going to provide my hair color or like
blood to my heart
you know I starve Joe Rogan how'd you
know I just know things the junkies ha
ha no I did I realized that I was saying
it was the first jokey stole yes that
even steal a joke I just said an
observation his workout another type of
hair okay oh wow it was apologist don't
accuse me of stealing stuff I'm sorry I
don't think you're a joke it's not
stealing jokes I heard it and then
remembered it and sent it out loud and I
was always in front of self anyway you
all I'm gonna dye your hair no I think
no Michael come on you've never dyed it
yeah more look strange guys click like
if you want me to die Michael Payeur and
I won't tell him like no it's gonna have
a lot of like I'm not giving a number
but it's gonna happen now and Michael
doesn't know the color I'm gonna pick
you're not dying my hair guys click like
so I can do it I know you you want to
add I agree
strap the colorful no whoa little bag
and out I'm not going to do that we were
whitening how you don't know what's
color I might be fresh I'm not buying it
I could be red orange I could be look at
this
my hair is awful I think you look great
but I do want to diet for fun I could
diet hot pink could you stop saying the
word diet
did you chew on using that word yeah
maybe you should saw you
yeah yeah you're the only one who
thought of that clever respondent I'm
sure somebody was already in the comment
section all right click what yeah I guys
click like and I'll surprise Michael
with a color maybe cool
why he's gonna pick the color kind of
takes the color and diet maximize button
will die my frickin hair tomorrow and if
you hate it I'm gonna hate it I'm used
to this if you hate it and change it
okay but there's something wrong with
your hair in other words I realized we
have yet to show the deck progress we
just show everyone that's the whole
point
yeah well that seems space or what if
it's not a sane but let's shut guys look
we really have not shown you the deck
you just tell them the other tape check
this out these are the other tankers bus
pretending to stumble upon the deck
totally they're a horrible hey bridge
you know we hadn't done we need to share
the room hey bridge you know we haven't
shown them yet that does that
no no no of how are you supposed to know
what I'm talking about
oh you we need to show you the deck I'm
talking about Saigon again let's just go
get behind me
all right okay Michael so I noticed we
haven't shown you to the progress will
shucks yet just leaves you can bridge
from the shower right now you guys and I
want to show you the day hang on is
because of my accent cool you know you
realize that you were speaking as you
hit record socially Michael
you guys are Michael um YouTube hasn't
really seen Dex progress we have shown
the deck okay
alright Michael it's time to show
YouTube that's progress all that that
was really wrong accomplice come here
I'll tell you where to go all right
Michael we gotta show YouTube best
progress we haven't sold that no Gavin
that's all we're not doing it just
customer
none of us can do it they'll take the
thigh seriously we haven't shown on the
day yeah we we have to say that that we
have not shown you guys here we go
it's not done yet but it's very close
you guys why was it locked
alright guys here it is it's still being
worked on us you see the paper still
down for the paint I love it the rails
are actually going to be stained yeah
that's going to look really good has
YouTube seen what the deck looks like
when it rained yeah well the guy said
that's the color he's going to stay in
the whole deck yeah the way it looks
when it rained that day on vlog is
actually how it's going to always look
so that's awesome I'm really excited for
that so here's where we are
it's looking pretty good I'm excited oh
yeah yeah I'm so excited
you girls have in front of the pool you
having fun having the best time ever
Lilly didn't say anything so I think she
having the worst time ever why is she
having a bad time in the fall I don't
know I'm really sad to hear that only
while you're having the worst time ever
I'm just joking you want to cover the
land
now you're too far away right all right
we drop it in the bush well that's going
to be it for today you guys thanks for
watching remember smack the like button
if you want me to dye my hair yeah guys
oh my gosh and finally do hate it to say
that I'm not ready to see what I look
like with dyed air like seriously like
what if like strips the color completely
after I diet I don't think that will
happen
I mean people dye their hair because
they have grain and the grades always
come back guys
this is going to be a per day thanks for
watching sorry the vlogs not as long as
the usual ones but it's really late we
had a lot to do today but I don't want
to dye it
I don't want to dye it either let's
order pizza like that's all I'm saying
dammit that's going to be it for today
like subscribe base I think I love you
guys so much like you
