are you alright I have a just weird
disorder yes guys yeah whenever we go
over a bridge I feel like jumping out of
the car yes and this is a very high for
three chakras one I like
what's going on you guys keep you down a
camera here because here right there
today if my calculations are correct
today it's three years of vlogs guys
today marks blog let me do my
calculations 3 6 5 plus 3 6 5 1 3 6 5 3
years of vlogging you guys I had no idea
when we started this journey with you
guys that we would still be doing it
three years later I know three years is
a really long time
guys if our vlog was a child it will be
learning it's far forward and three
years thirty years old first word my
first word was that three years old and
it was vlog so it was my first word was
blog at three years old vlogging wasn't
even if I'm mine my first word was here
I honestly I believe that I just always
wanted people to know where I am and a
little six-year-old bridge is saying or
first work here I never imagined you
guys that when we started this journey
that we would actually get to three
years honest to god I thought you guys
would stop watching by the second I mean
the second vlog not the second year
thank you guys
you're the best you guys are so amazing
I love you so much you guys have helped
us so much thank you guys for everything
you've done for me for Bridget for my
family
Bridget is my family when you get what I
mean not guys thank you so much you mean
everything to all of us this is vlog
number 1095 three years yes you guys
like keep us smiling every single day
and we love you so much the intros over
actually and we appreciated rollin 1000
say my piece and we appreciate you so
much 1095 well would it be a celebration
without cake so we're at public we're
getting the cake we're celebrating our
vlogs
I didn't cover it right I can't believe
you had them writing happy 3-year
blossom on the day what it's very
special day night ball the idea was he
like a Bob the Builder or something
right like on these because it's like a
kid's tennis celebration three years
that's perfect happy very near ball
you make them easy oh my god you can't
do that I can get me a cold get the ice
because then there's more and it's
taking too long - I'm gonna get hate
giant hog oh really
gallons of coke I know right what are
you doing I'm doing Diet Coke to watch
my station
I may eat cake for doing diet coke you
know Bridget when I poured my coke
I did this so we could tell apart our
cups and then you did the same thing uh
well I was doing a to tell it apart
myself I think this is mine
if I lose weight I'm gonna flip out I
can't hide it from you guys anymore we
got to get something while we're here
socks I do not wear something oh did you
think I'm here we go folks I'm going to
cut our happy three-year log cake
oh my god is it so cute those so Bridget
like cut or more like saw into this
thing just frozen we're about to head to
the angel oak tree you guys if you don't
know what that is is one of the oldest
trees in the country it's huge about
this giant but I think that's implied
when I say this huge yeah huge it's
giant it's large good mallow is big
anyway we're going to see the angel oak
tree I just want to take a minute to say
thank you guys for getting us the three
years here's to ya explosion is there a
place that's totally free of the icing
it's got a thought-out digger the tree
why can't believe it does that I guys I
I started filming like oh how cute she's
been built we'll bitches mineral the
stair and the right rents are filming
can I try
yeah oh they are so adorable never mind
no they're still adorable
right now we are on our way to the angel
oak trees yeah I'm really excited
hi little far apart there's a park the
tree and Nell Ark so if we don't destroy
the tree my kids are going to be the
downfall of the angel yeah really
where's the lies that you like problem
all the way at the top whoa whoa what
just happened because I don't know I'm
confused what your comments you want to
climb mother Cecilia :
Wow you're now on angel oak road you
guys so strange
I love it it kind of team stuff you get
a picture yeah Wow
I gotta get a good look at that so you
just have to appreciate that
it is really gorgeous out here you guys
we are on our way to the angel oak tree
which I don't know if I explaining it or
not but either way the angel oak tree is
this mega old tree to some say it's
about 1500 years old most people
thinking served early is actually more
around 600 years old but it's an old
tree one of the oldest is huge and it's
beautiful and she's really excited to
see it oh are you guys we are here and I
don't know if you can realize it but
everything around me is tree it's so
huge because it says it covers 17,000
square foot of like land for shade so
you should set them really on this dude
this is insane
you might climb or carve tree gosh I
feel like this tree is solely
responsible for oxygen in the world all
you have this one tree that's something
like this Bigelow covers the other
cables holding it up so we have these
cables running up the tree yeah I'm all
the way over there me zoom into the
cables numbers are my thought processes
what happens at those cables them I
don't want to think about it like what
happened like what happens to this tree
if those cables snap we're probably done
like well yeah they snap right now we're
probably gone yeah like a good iesson
Michael how much thank you what do you
think would happen if the cable snapped
at the cable snaps we'd all be dead so
he would just go like collapsing well
first of all I think the cable snapping
would probably take several people out
and then people could go Spock's here
try to pick us up yeah okay you've got
like
of wood over there holding up pieces of
the tree I grow this tree is on its last
leg I feel like yeah I'm just scared
right now
all right girls we're leaving Jeff fun
of the angel oak tree love it here you
like it I don't know it just saying
nothing is enough I'm glad you came to
one of like the modern like wonders of
the world
Yeah right very historical glad you
enjoyed it Eliza
well I bonded you now I'm gonna have a
lot more fun climbing finding food okay
thank you if I climb I'm taking it down
me tail we're leaving the angel oak tree
yep
let's try that get up and you see that
you probably can't I don't know what I'm
telling guys we're leaving we're going
to get food we are at the positive news
right now we read their books and are
back honestly I've never been here
before yeah whenever in this area it's
pretty far out look at these wings
I'm tiny so bad primum right now this is
beautiful and high alright thanks oh no
they're actually temperature high like
mild or hot they're just regular buffalo
Holly medium to deafen some ranch
really Oh what is that
she's a colloquy cheese fries they're so
good ha
and it's really really good this see
tattooed moose burger oh my and then I
got a Cuban and I came with a sauce
gnarly short sauces not Jesus that is
like mac and cheese and then you got the
super Mel C girl cheese God means
they're like their homemade like pickles
and tomatoes
oh my may toes and then really guys corn
dog how was it yummy and Elijah got a
burger too
fruit breathing yeah it's so bright
they're going to walk with my eyes
closed
watch the girls Bridget I can't see
anything damn uh we're leaving the
tattooed moose right now Wow it was
absolutely insanely good guys my burger
I've always said to my favorite burger
with Shake Shack that might rival it
folks what a good burger what everything
was delicious Bridge got bread pudding
it was delicious
the duck back fried delicious the
appetizers delicious amazing guys
go to the tattoo drew so if you're ever
in Charleston amazing month so we're
leaving and a fire truck just pulled in
I guess it's place to select that a fire
truck had to come put it out
or something serious happened I was just
insensitive okay well yeah something
serious
whatever cool I'm pretty sure she's
wasted but as I was coming out of the
bathroom there was a chick and she fell
off of her barstool and hit her head
usually really yet she was on the ground
and they were putting pillows and stuff
underneath her and they were trying to
make her stay seated because she kept
trying to get up oh my goodness so they
were calling 911 now Oh Michael shall do
it don't talk to me please don't do it
Michael sis please
this isn't funny I like it Michael good
have we ever told anybody about this I
don't think yeah I got to take it off me
here teddy Kevin are you all right
I have a just weird disorder yes guys
yeah whenever we go over a bridge I feel
like jumping out of the car yes and this
is a very high very shy here I know
Mike's dog can really explain what a
disorders close their hand
no goddammit all right makes it worse oh
my god uncle Bubba does well I was off
by another song I wanted it there was a
malicious dream I don't know do I just
can someone explain that disorder okay
we're good like you know usually when
I'm on a bridge I feel like I want to
say in the car only two times then I get
it when we're going over a bridge and
when we're lost
seriously when we're in a new location
matter where we are
I get the urge to open the door and jump
out of the car I don't know why I'm
crazy
you need to Google this right now I'm
going to explain to every is that I
don't give up with that I'm good
the way way way are you saying will you
run it up yeah I've been doing this I've
been reading this article and up here
a team of Florida State University
psychology the department there did a
study and it actually has a name there
was a study 431 students and over 50% of
them said that they had never had an
urge to harm themselves in the past but
when they were at a high place they have
the urge to jump off of it and you Syria
and it they've dubbed it where is it
Buddhist isn't that the high place
phenomenon is what they call high voice
phenomenon yes
and it says it has to do a lot with
sensitivity to anxiety not anxiety it's
mellow forgiving I'm done with it are
you going to do this one day no I'm mad
better no I'm not yeah bout a third of
the group said they anybody I'm getting
it anybody watching this am I alone why
can't be alone by other people yes we're
trying to get a thumbnail right now you
guys from the blog because it's a
celebration come on Michael
I was literally just about the same bag
well I did celebrate three years of
vlogs
come on that moved me can I get I'm
dancing so I move in camera hey Sam okay
and I let me get this puzzle okay don't
you throw that damn cake why the way you
guys I have an audition to play Aladdin
on my Twitter because perhaps a hard
time so go check it out let me add a
little bit to it oh oh
Oh a brand okay that I can't eat so I'm
not going to my door they just let me
sing that oh not good here
you see anyone no Michael you lazy out
it's a lot maybe not well that's going
to be it for today you guys thanks for
watching great day had a great time of
the angel oak tree had a good day with
Brigid it's a really good day that was
so exciting stood up tree nobody read
into that by the way I said I had a
great day at the angel oak tree and a
good day with risk I had a great day
with bridge it was just a misspoke even
no name I went out before everyone else
did
having good baby is race day with your
family and then you just had a good day
off
let alone okay I had an okay day with
Brigid I had a great day at the tattooed
moose who are you both the British I had
a great day with Kim and the girls and I
had an awful day because Michael is
there once again I want to say thank you
guys so much for getting us to three
years of vlogging and by the way when I
say three years I mean 1095 blogs which
equates to three years even though
technically three years is like a few
months ago right yeah I was yeah
definitely but we skipped a couple of
days here and there which means you know
three years now but anyway guys we're
celebrating it now three years of vlogs
thank you guys so much you mean more
that I can you know convey in two words
can you convey them know you guys make
it so happy like you guys are why I wake
up every
it's like I always want to film now
because you guys I want to show you guys
everything you're there for every step
of our lives that's how I see all three
years hopefully we can make it to stick
thank you guys so much for watching and
making it like subscribe favorite for
everything for Josh that's I just got to
tell everyone though since we tell them
everything
I took a celebration shower and I'm
wearing my celebration shirt because
there's like colors on it
it's a new day yes it is by the way if
you guys didn't get the joke that's a
new day shirt yes at the end and I was
doing a double play on words because she
took a shower the few days look thanks
for watching love yesterday
