what was in it
no she has watch the atmosphere family
it's like lirikappa morning you guys and
this blogger starting right now because
we need him around five and bro it's
terrifying out here seriously terrifying
guys beast your eyes on the beach oh my
God look at this
getting close oh this spider
remove oh hell guys I wish something you
can see just how big it is look at his
folks hmm all right just feet all right
slowly come up watching Jim Jim watch i
watch another one things out yo bro are
you serious
oh god oh I'm so serious right now
oh just one key tog enough is that we're
living in the movie arachnophobia I'm so
scared
my heart is pounding my heart seriously
pounding right now oh my god and there's
like one here like building one one dude
hold on
because blizik this one's smaller but
it's in the process of building one he
is literally right now bro where we live
I don't know but I don't like it you see
how it's like in the summer I don't know
I don't live here anymore but I'm
terrified I'm glad at all highs let's
see it jump in
on the count of three everybody does
Michael one he's a staff I need help
ed crazy I I don't even know what to say
like I turned it off because they know
that like nuts like I wrote that you're
drowning dude it was like that scene on
Harry Potter when like the little squid
really dragging them on yeah like that's
why I turned it off because I thought I
was going to jump in I want to take the
camera with me dude I do not know what
just happened what did you sign me up
for I thought it was just a friendly
game
now he's terrified it's just Lily she
wasn't near you she then he's going to
drown me now well I know what just
haven't you guys we're going swimming
well we're done nothing not very nasty
smell well he's still a little scared I
wouldn't go near him he trusts nobody
so what grateful if you're a lot not me
not anymore go swim on each other
Michael what is that Oh down by your
foot yep see there's something down by
your foot okay it's right by your foot
Michael you're like right on top of it
oh my god right yeah where did you body
back in the water
yes I did I'm such a good bomb and of
great spaghetti oh good dog they like
all these things so watching is that
official family
I hope hi so they like these things
though they like the grapes and they
prefer like I didn't they give Eliza
she's a kid a walkover I did give her
some syrup they like people sure
hey what that was in it no she is what
the f is for family what bullshit that's
a necklace I'll do the other day she was
on Netflix okay I'm sorry I'm sorry bad
show it was on Mei I don't know what to
say she's not on the children's Netflix
and all of a sudden you hear you're like
oh the Halloween costume realest she's
watching a pit for family which is are
for a doll you like the show that was on
like every show that I put on was
jealous that one's a bad joke but you
watch this one look okay she's bad
because you can't but evidently it was a
cartoon like she's just knows it was a
cart down blow or something else okay
let me get your face now I can safely
give that to my children I go yeah does
that make it better a little bit a
little bit or why so that was a horrible
show but this is a much better she'll
agree all right
tractor everybody allies apartment
well yeah she push you get some bad shit
she says she farted Oh Lily part really
sorry not that what I said he yells oh
you got to see em for defending her
yeah code is Lin kids and tries with the
lid not funny
back on the spaghetti for 10 minutes now
because it just keeps every time I get
it in right if I could just keep
snapping right back
get in there oh my god
alright does anyone want any more
spaghetti because I'm getting really
upset here well you do let me see your
plate you're plenty all right I think I
got oh oh hey Peter spaghetti fans want
some great really great well yo I ain't
doing it oh yeah it's gone oh yeah don't
worry will one more spaghetti how's that
great spaghetti is in the trash it's
dinner time folks right now me and Jim
are on our way to Bojangles and we
gettin some chicken and they better give
us some down
yeah last time we came they didn't give
us blueberry biscuits and Kim was pissed
I was looking forward to them you hyped
them up now they better view the bar we
never had them no Bo berries do they are
great it depends if they're fresh or if
we get them is it about a storm again
you sell all my world great we cannot
escape a storm dude it's El Nino here we
are
oh yes I do
oh you thought you could keep you locked
out yeah Bojangles man all I want is
fried chicken I'm not thrilled about
this I am not thrilled at all it's
supposed to be Bo time but is Max's like
pick out this big sec oh yeah what
oh man the Cameron is gone whoa we did
it
nice job Jim I wish again I'm so hungry
afters want them go Barry they better
give us the bow berry biscuits with this
night time you guys none of these signs
light up last night I just had Bo OH
welcome to Bose well ladies what it said
the other day so here we are they're
losing them by today we are here at
angles or Bo's anyway Bojangles how much
check them again a lot like every piece
sure oh yeah give me all of number
everything give me everything you have
that couple flowers we got much chicken
McGee here we got like flat whatever I
say okay
is value 20 pieces okay and also very
pay then they don't have any race-ready
which is basically like the whole reason
she came no it's going to be about 15
minutes like always
relation thank you not really not friend
the rise to the reason would come I'll
show you guys too right at home
delicious yeah he's never had of course
and I'm kind of glad we got some of the
other day but I didn't not eat in mind
and he ate it and now it's like a
favorite thing and he sees what he's
been missing
every time he comes by here oh yeah oh
my god you're the best
oh my god office who tell you guys how
good Tim its you got it how did he could
see it she saw this old man over there
sitting by himself and she just walked
over there just so she can see if he was
okay can be anybody to talk to Kim is an
exceptional relevant
and I wanted to know how's your party
but yeah I was really cool to see I'm so
excited to eat chicken we got our
chicken we got our rice we got our teeth
I'm excited I'm excited but I'm really
depressed now about the old man yeah
what so tell me about that because you
guys I don't know if I fully told you
we're just sitting there and Tim just
walks over first she sits down at a
table and he was alone like I fall so
garlic I really feel sad when I see
especially elder elderly people sitting
out like tables like that eating by
themselves but he was like sleeping and
I knew I felt like something was wrong
with him so I wanted to go make sure he
was okay
and as it turns out he has like this
terribly sad heartbreaking stories I
mean the poor man has multiple types of
cancer I can't even like I'm going to
cry
it was bad for him I talked to him for
about a minute was he asking me if we if
I liked it in this part of the country
or in this country in this part of the
country even worse he confused I tore my
lives in Syracuse New York I'm not sure
he told me he had just taken some
medicine so that's why he was sleeping
he's intense
well we offered to give him a ride home
but he had his truck at Bojangles and he
said he didn't want somebody actually
his exact words were if I need to ride
my little lady can come get me
well sir I hope you feel better I hope
everything works out for you we are on
our way home we got something to eat
that's not good hair
it does this ho ho smells a good smell
the biscuit and stylish beautiful yeah
while working for a look at all that was
good
well I said he wanted rest Garrett oh oh
he's so cute
here you got it big of you oh this is
what Bojangles looks like way better he
can't see by the way they did not pay us
to say this but I would love it if they
did so how add me Bojangles because this
boat I'm very sick Bojangles our
favorite chicken place when is said this
is sausage gravy what it are you serious
alright I'm not even joking I ate this
thinking it was the mashed potatoes I
open it up get this open I got a CV oh
my god
I was wondering why they were so creamy
like how was it really good say doesn't
feel like a plate of gravy I was
wondering why it was like extra creamy
I'm a vertical amassment you ready Joel
changing him dip that in it
that sounds done okay five well guys
before we go I want to show them the
dirty rice
well Oh guys the answer only ten-thirty
that's the reason we went they made it
fresh oh we waited so what is this
I'm so excited so dirty right it's time
to eat
we're going to eat and then we might we
might take a plate over to AGP yeah I am
NOT being enable what the spiders what
spiders did you not watch the beginning
of the vlogs
no last night main team were chilling
out here and it's like arachnophobia
what it was like 18 spiders nesting no
guys I'm not joking it was a big one
right here and it's gone what where are
they been I don't know bangs one where
really I don't know look that's all
that's left of this one can you see them
get close to it that's all that's left
let me see it I don't think you're
someone to get at all right here that's
all that's left
I'm serious they're all the spiders Wow
there's a problem I don't know I don't
like it
I'm already scared guys the spiders are
gone and I don't think I was just
thinking I don't think we can bring that
that food Oh No if the daughter says not
allow have all that sodium great dude
I'll take foreign do you think all of us
now the daughter said what they said we
can't be the ones he told me eating like
protein and like vegetables and stuff
yes he doesn't know about it right now
so that's good guys we got a just hit me
we can't bring that any of that
Bojangles that makes me sad I know me
too
because he really wanted to or you're
right you can't they said he's not
supposed to have a lot of sodium and
there's way too much soul and that
so this one's our yes gone
I don't like this I don't like that
there are spiders here and not they're
gone oh my god it's on your shoulder got
to be kidding oh my god
Oh seriously I can't get it in yeah
we're not getting in
we're kids okay yeah thank you
yes outros on that's going to be it for
today guys thanks for watching I don't
know if it's a shorter vlog or not I
feel like it is if it is I apologize if
it is I'm really sorry we so much going
there's been so much going on so oh it's
not over yet quite yet girl has a
longshot give me one second you can
cover the lens that promised guys that's
going to be it for today bad news but
still a better day than it has been so
thanks for watching chicken was
delicious swim with the nephews and the
nieces that was a lot of fun talk to dad
even better spirits
oh no a little touch too early okay hold
on guys that's gonna be it for today
like sky was that one clicker folks you
okay
down the wrong pipe
would you down here that's it okay yeah
like okay favorite
hold on everything for Drive that's it
I love you guys what I wasn't telling
you remember to keep submitting their
videos Hank I love AGP guys a lot of
people have been trying to DM me the
videos and tweeting them I can't grab
them from that so I need you to upload
them to YouTube and I think sometimes
later in the week for next week we're
gonna do it that's going to be it like
subscribe favorite on everything for to
us
and that's it I love you guys so much
and right now I'm just like
Thirteen's cuz I'm depressed that's it
that was the right time oh did it
perfect
one more you want to cover it Lily
you're right she is pushy look like
reframing
