don't get mad at her but she's telling
you to drink these things and doesn't
matter that she's fucking mouth as hell
she needs to be you know ratchet she
cares about you
we all care and everybody our online
audience what's going on you guys give
you out of camera here I know I'm here
right then and today I don't care what
day that's because we're going to see
grandpa well I do care a day in his
because I like to keep tracks of the day
of the week well I don't know what day
is a week it is - okay that's now we're
getting down to it guys
today is Sunday oh okay day we're going
to go see grandpa yeah sure go see
grandpa and I really hope he's doing a
lot better you know somebody's actually
right about something that they just
pointed out to me I'm realizing it
whenever I got my hand on your shoulder
I always left my thumb up oh why is
there a reasonable F of the Lotus so
anyway no reason that I do that maybe
you do that because like maybe you are
talking to use hands but your hands on
my shoulder that's more of like a
description of what I do rather than an
explanation on why I do it okay well no
I'm trying to say that there's a
psychological reason why you do that you
know like whenever people talk they do
this it's like a social thing I know it
should make it fun because I do this
when I talk no I'm not making fun of you
you're not the only one who does that
like everyone does that so maybe when
your hand is on my shoulder and you lift
up it's because you're talking
interesting I don't know exactly
everything about I haven't taken
psychology in years yeah and when you
were when you were taking psychology I
was writing the brailers now you worried
I was philosophy Oh what are we gonna do
about it I don't know Michael but it
needs to go
it's got to get out of a house yes and
needed to get big yeah it's trash
yes it's completely trashed total trash
she's just sitting over there okay
Michael you're trying way too hard guys
to talk
else's mountain of trash I don't know
what to do with that okay I should have
called a sheep but I love it so it's
like damn tickets too much yeah honestly
like I don't even know what to do maybe
camera note to them and just all for the
4th of July no this is all like packages
and food a lot of instrument well I
realizes packages and food I get back
and ask you what it's from exactly I
ordered some stuff so this box was like
air mattresses this box right here is
probably something to do with beverage
walk right here um well I'm walking what
is done is there any way we can trick
you into cleaning it let's figure
something out
what I'm lazy how you doing buddy just
chillin yeah I know me too
the track is taunting me yeah our house
crash get out of my house look up we're
done we're ready to go I was just
filming lazy lazy you get it bro
there he is you think I'm talkin to you
buddy I mess up your eyes okay get out
of my house Wow look at the other girls
are eating fruit roll-ups cheering yeah
oh that looks like a fruit roll-up to me
you're even for roll-ups yeah yeah see
what is it yeah then hurry no it's not a
fruit roll-up no wait you just know it
how much you want to bet
if I'm right I get the name your dollars
yeah okay you're right you get the name
of Dolly but if I'm right I get to name
the dolly
my mind's made up
my role my dog hello Frank
that's your dog bingo Frankie it's
brains Bridget what
thank you well you went anyway fish
fruit by the foot I was wrong well you
said it was she said front for all soup
I was yeah well it has provides to us
always housing in the control so really
go see grandpa green my baby pop you do
that
alright we're going in with you dad
Bridget cover his limbs so how was
everything going pretty tired
I gave the whole day off yesterday I
just didn't want to bother him at all I
know he needs me I want him to rest was
uh uh he was up that why they will come
in I saw him eating rest yeah after the
hospital he really kind of implied it
anyone anyone into the card he's like
you told you want but I really got to
get it out addition he didn't get us to
come you know that it come on so we
didn't come on his instructions
yeah dad what is all this we maybe um
you know how you do this like the read
email about how you make them white for
a week in advance
oh you like meal for us yeah real friend
oh yes oh that way we gonna have eat
difference at all of us yeah yeah so
I'll go get have two hamburgers
oh this Wow can I smell them would that
be weird
there's no good it's Molly workers have
an awesome awesome you're here
Lana beam right caller
Wow no baby yeah yeah real funny how
over there any funny deli cars woo over
their heart here the hot water Jenny
what am I surprised
so he gets really shot burgers potatoes
hey Toby mama B's collard greens so in
each one it isn't going to have collard
greens and everything weak form is going
to hamburger arteries and this one lima
beans and this one this one looks cool
yeah no sir oles what kind of needle is
it without dessert yeah ito the cameras
ever been a dessert person any time I've
ever trying to get that tweet he doesn't
even yeah I mean he used to go through
like phases but that was oh yeah
they get this - what is that okay little
calf liver Oh Oh what are you thinking
Lindsay like this where you made it or
not
yeah yeah you can try em touch me okay
there's all the reason takes down the
body at least because now you're awesome
John you push it though it was really
cool oh my god be careful a little shot
takes me back to one of the videos over
older videos I'm going to be making up
what a grandpa's pre-made meals so we
got to libert√† Patties
oh alright ah take it no more again okay
next up is collard greens by like that
yes Loreena over it there we go folks
I may want to grandpa's plates we got
burgers we got right we got collars
looks good that's awesome good for Devin
have some tea - now remember you feel
like starting meal today alright you got
enemies for seven meals a day don't work
so small records on to the store and
we're going to get everything we needed
to make itself you know those those
things that set
see ya they think that's what we're
going to do okay
seal it very good yeah
what are you go saying you see your baby
on the ground oh my gosh where's the
baby you can't do that Bridget Bridget
what are you thinking I'm a Department
of Social Services biggest child out in
his home here you go you want you to
treat her better now no more is nothing
oh my god you shouldn't be promoting the
syrup Eliza that's bad don't do that
okay they're going to teach her how to
raise a child
okay three
hey hey Phil so much did you yell to get
my dome hey grandpa
yeah y'all doin oh hi feelin all right
you feel any better
hello good you do to start feeling
better because Jennifer's doing those
meal preps for mice all out that is
awesome yeah they're yeah oh great
Lauren got him - what is ensures a moose
yeah I suppose go under theme got some
protein bar protein
robear's alternated catch our attention
we got strawberry we got chocolate we
got protein bars and got him a big ol
giant thing of peanut butter tons of
protein there you go hi there
Emma oh yeah spoon eat it our how do we
got much you know start yeah I had no
protein to me at all
yeah no protein you had no electrolytes
you had no wasn't milk of magnesium
he had like nothing she's not nourish me
I'm not they had me some windows nurse
oh my god I don't know how long I've
been saying you have a loner thin and
you got him fights about it that you
need to eat
luckily a doctor is holding out so you
got to eat well like five to seven meals
a day yeah I heard you a man you
wouldn't come over yesterday you go you
told us that you wanted to be left alone
yeah when you were leaving no I did not
I see you tomorrow yeah I'll see you
tomorrow
Laura was the implication right here
yeah and he's grouchy me yesterday - you
look tired I am tired I have been bid
yet why I sleep last night why good
sweet you were sleeping everywhere at
the hospital is it your bed no could you
didn't come see yesterday oh no music
not yeah what did a big lad night is it
the bed no well I don't know him why
would you be so to the hospital there's
uh two hours no good cuz I couldn't
sleep
Jim as we talked well yeah do you need
any blankets you know they do blankets
mushy pretty nice pajamas no air
conditioning those not pletely again
where I got a foot mop you guys or they
can play we're going to be blown if you
do need anything please let us know I
will get all going to give you a
Advent what is that oh man as I dance
I'll add it in from out of a nice
relaxed you yeah I smell good with that
yeah well we got our hands on ativan
melatonin yeah it was not ready together
yeah like you know the toilet
well we leave grandpa load let them get
some rest if you can actually get any
rest
we're getting out of here letting them
sleep so just keep doing what you're
doing Lauren you know I know you take
care of him which we really appreciate
it's really appreciated I know he's a
handful and I'm sorry he's been grouchy
for you but we are grateful yeah I was
mad awaiting the more reason I was
really drunk I know I'm really excited
they don't want anyone over yeah I'm
sorry we didn't come over you didn't
realize that's what we wanted to yeah
and now he's like not happy where you
going come over we're in trouble now
like I feel like a kid again I hope is
always there baby what are you betting
is a wedge of cheese
whining OH I eat it I don't we were told
this are you mean can't win against
cheese they have the fridge he will he's
bought lots of sharp cheddar to me
here's rubbing okay we'll see first it
started out like this it wasn't even
fully like that like we would cut like a
small tear off the end you know I'd get
in line I have one
we need our cheese and then part of the
way through left and then we're going to
use it so we just chug bikes out of it
oh my god my night we do it all the time
the one night dad walked to the
refrigerator the build on we hear the
door open to the light and we're here
whoo I'm up G then all of a sudden the
cheese really go baseball side now huh
oh my god if you thought we just need
the ball of cheese and then a wheel of
butter like the whole butter disc and
explodes on the wall alone to think and
we can't find them anymore those do you
have it that takes her there's Christmas
pictures we took and you can see blood
are smeared on the wall because he
refused to let anybody clean holy Wow I
wanted the studio to do wall it was like
two layers it's like his reminder to us
endeavor yeah I'm gone
like that picture that I showed you guys
the other day where I'm pulling up on
the collar angels away yeah that was
Christmas mom just took it an angle
where the butter wasn't oh my god
like for some I he's gonna stop drinking
with her cheap stuff and that's what we
didn't worry our nerves with in
answering so much what in your head is
you're going to pick them off
yeah Tobias you got to do it you gotta
do what you gotta do otherwise you know
yeah I Socko yeah and then when you need
a breather just come on over Oh Frankie
where's the delegate of you pretty soon
why I dad look over there oh listen to
me don't get mad at her but she's
telling you to drink these things and
don't get mad about she's like you know
as hell she needs to be help magic she
cares about you we all care yes everyone
you are a sly dog you we love hardness
yeah I need on good well everybody
that's it for grandpa
you won't order Linds no oh poor thing
I know Laura Collins forum I got a one
fogged lens the other ones totally fine
guys we're getting out of here in just a
second just wanted to come out and well
I was actually coming out to see
everybody in the swimming pool but we're
getting out
well a sense under which I figure was
fine but it just started lightning okay
so lightning so what I've been tricked
ready to get out of the pool
you want me to jump in no right now no
you got it
no all the camera your phone or anything
on you do Oh
take this oh my god Michael oh my god oh
my gosh well we did it I did have my
phone
nah oh that is oh my god well guys I
want to show them this spider it's over
my goats by your foot
what look at the spot down there you see
it it's a big giant black Michael how do
you not see it's behind you no behind
your foot Michael I'm just messing with
you hey I'm just messing with you and
you're really going to keep my girls and
then we're spies from here guys I don't
know what kind of spider this is but I'm
scared to death looking at it what the
web around it I know it's got like
multiple webs it's got one big giant web
and then it's not like those visually
jumps I am out of here
Wow okay nope well that's going to be a
per se you guys thanks for watching I
don't know why I jumped into the pool
okay I don't thank you really getting
out of here thanks for watching just
wanted to say thank you somebody's here
on earth that's pizza that's a pizza I
got to get out of here Mike
okay you know
