yeah I gotta wash our like a steamed
vegetables they're good ones they had
her the hospital yeah good season better
okay so Michael some outside for some
reason I keeps getting stuff huh I can't
open it looks stuck in here too and it's
locked for some reason I don't know yes
I'm vlogging excuse me we don't want any
we don't want any sir please leave the
property
what sir can you leave the property
we're gonna call the cops
why Michael I can't open it I can't open
it it won't open can't hear you over the
ACA running it is so cold in here oh
Michael bar please i from the property
I'm gonna call the cops
what topic my father what you're not my
father
sir please leave oh you're going to get
down are you oh my god
what is that a fail Michael key sir I
can't open it sorry I've lost in
everything I don't know
what's going on you guys
Timmy oh my god Bella's mad she's mad at
you for doing that to Jim you have a
camera here I knew I was here right
there today I am NOT sorry my goal would
be today it doesn't matter today we are
picking up grandpa from the hospital
guys he is finally coming home he had a
surgery we oughta wait on the test
results but he's coming home I'm very
excited for this news really dad so
happy earlier today you guys saw the
first one we have loaded I really
thought that he wasn't coming home today
they told us tomorrow I'm sorry sweetie
give me a minute give me a minute David
okay Bella's pissed we got a letter out
then we're out of here
yeah I'm gonna go up fill out right now
let's get this blog started hey Felix
are you excited we're winners I'll pick
up Grandpa gran from the hospital you
don't care do you we're going to pick
him up yeah he's getting out you happy I
don't know if we ever showed this before
you guys what Felix loves to sleep in
this cubby hole now and it's usually
impossible to find them and now it's
always right here in looking cute and
cuddly hype its way back okay buddy
tell everybody hey what is that
Oh what is this what in the world is
that thing why is it out here are we
working of a time machine is this like a
space thing look okay radiation emitting
from this well is there's like secret
germs on and that's why it's outside do
not touch your face will be in there
student get some draw backs okay
are we sure like I want to go a turn
right now guys what is this machine
dad really loves going home hoping
things can start to heal I know we don't
have all the answers yet but I love you
we love you gasp ah everybody loves you
guys remember send me your videos
telling grandpa to get well to get
better and I'm going to put them all
together and have them react to it thank
you guys for everything let's go get my
dad so what's the news do you like going
home yeah what they find yesterday I'm a
hockey new variance now kidney the
kidney stone so we'll get the fluid
tonight
almost um it's coming from my liver side
to that cirrhosis and a couple of eggs
but they're gonna meet with me next week
and give me all the results well how was
the hospital to be best Hospital there
been my really good set but the staff
fantastic well what's going home finally
and meet you been a while almost a week
yeah holy I'm going to get all my family
yeah really but I'm all for them keeping
you as long as they need rob was too but
come on that time for the time to go
yeah I guess the next step is you said
listen I gotta go get down oh my god
wait about 50 positions or AZ so am I
getting tested for a liver no we don't
know well if it the prescriptions just I
want you to make the list because I'll
do the tests now
a little internet besides paperwork
later wrong where are you going home how
about I'm so happy I'm happy
yeah so they can't call I'm going to
carry it for you she wanted coffee
oh yes such energy diet but still my dad
you can change yours I need to start in
your mind so he wants a guest in Milan
he said he wants to get a good steamer
certain hurt screaming bechamel yeah I
don't you ask you I did it
I've already good yeah I got to I start
liking steamed vegetables they're good
ones ahead of her the hospital yeah
teach them better everything needs
seasoning my ladies that is true
thank you are go figure out we efficient
taking hair off he's a handful we got it
like you okay I promise a lot of she get
hit the button
I don't then we get in you push it okay
okay quick game you push it real quick
didn't where I go to get the core yeah
okay show me the way push the number one
silver one uh-huh
over over more don't Sam down down get
right out there we were almost calling
for out
all right really good
he has happy feet grow up a green coming
home computable
okay he said tomorrow he wants a long
time tonight in peace and quiet
Hannah loves you that red car molds luis
de Brito it's a dark night grave
malleable yes you backing out now what's
out of like nobody's to them like if we
get we touch more CBS will take you all
that Madonna no I was joking
thank you over later if you want
we do have to later if you want of y'all
I'll be my bed anybody miss please yeah
breath watch some Netflix yeah first an
awesome occurred I just all be added a
highway to heaven on Netflix will you
give me to help that matter let's say
that yeah
golly thank Nigeria
oh thank you thank you thank you so much
for caring for our own you're welcome
thank you so very much for our I enjoyed
it Tiger k-bar love you you'll see
impulsive I will say yes cause I will
please write up a spot for having saw
home hi grandpa
soon all right
Oh Lilly clap now we start whatever's
next it will the healing process but
right now he has an appointment to find
out what's going on with his liver
okay guys I want to thank you for being
with us every step of this way yeah for
caring watch me in the same outfit for
three days in a row not today maybe now
you can take a shower and change
maybe so guys we're going home
sleep well dad so grandpa is finally
home after a few days in the hospital
and unfortunately we're just left with
more questions we don't have any solid
answers we do know we asked cirrhosis we
do know that he has a giant hernia and a
giant kidney stone that's going to have
to be cut out of him he can't pass it
apparently it's too big with like Barb's
or something so we're just left with
more questions but I wanted to take a
minute to tell you guys thank you thank
you for being there every step of this
way to support the like the comments to
get wells it's meant everything a
youngin stopped by and brought down a
cake and a card and I'm going to go give
that to him tomorrow I let him sleep he
needs to rest grandpa needs some rest so
we're going to give it to him so I'm
going to give that to him tomorrow man
thank you for bringing it uh yeah wow
I'm just glad he's home because if they
kept him longer that would have meant
there's even more and I can't take any
more so dad I'm glad you're home I hope
you start feeling better soon
one more time on ask you guys and a lot
of people have been doing it but I want
to say it one more time make some videos
and submit them and I'm going to make a
montage and I want to have grandpa watch
them and react to it sit in - send it to
me on twitter using the hashtag I love a
GP it's right there on the screen right
now send it to me I will make a montage
we're going to show grandpa just to let
him see how much you guys care so we're
going to do the outro now you guys I
just want to make this message to tell
you guys thank you so much I love you
thank you guys
this right here is the cake that the
young and brought over you guys name was
kayo they brought over this card and
this cake with cupcakes dad's going to
give tomorrow I do want the rest but
seriously dude thank you so much for
that yeah we really yeah we really
appreciate it
Kyle tweet me and follow me on Twitter
and me tweet gang well how do I see it
and I'll look we will look for you buddy
nobody looks like exactly adults we feel
like I'm the car
the brother company yeah because we met
the guy yeah we know hey take a picture
with us
yeah picture we'll follow you thanks for
the cake dude it was very sweet of you
let's do this out Charles we're about to
do the outro and Kim trying to go in and
she's locked out now I think it's time
for a sign out the door shut we need to
accept the fact that we need to replace
this doorknob dad does like some type of
spray we'll fix it okay your dad's
wanted to install the doorknob to begin
way no no this is your head this is dog
boy anyone who did - he didn't I yes
here we go that team is out no we
changed the law you got new locks and
doors unlike yours further down the
track old friend look Bridget you look
around you can see where the other one
was as a circle go get a rifle go get
Eliza boy tell her there's trouble
outside oh why huh well that's going to
be afraid of you guys thanks for
watching Kim got in the house after all
pretty good day I'm really happy yeah
I'm really happy - I'm really happy
grandpas out and I'm just seriously guys
thank you for being a part of the
journey with us this has been one long
day we got to do like 40-minute vlogs
out of had a long long day thanks for
watching remember send your videos
telling grandpa how much he means to you
and just tell him that you hope it gets
better making a montage use the hashtag
I love a GP absolutely I'm wondering if
they should do that for YouTube's well
yeah yeah absolutely yeah use that
hashtag and the title or whatever guys
I'm gonna get out of here thanks for
watching like subscribe favorite
I don't everything but to us dad
congratula
I'm really glad you're home grand
probably misty said I'm gladder I'm more
glad water a word I don't think it is oh
my gosh again you should know perfect I
did put it and I didn't lock it on
purpose either hey I'm sorry I don't
know how to unlock this
all right it's a mark all right it's
unlocked Michael I don't know how guess
what oh my god Michael walk outside keep
on a limb turn the camera hey
