we're trying to leave me no no my god oh
my god what's going on you guys keep me
out of camera here different to us here
right there and today is Friday guys
today is vlog number two unless a lot of
things happen I can't get to blog up
until too late
then it's vlog number one for Saturday
but in that case today a satyr guys
today is Friday and today unfortunately
tymberlee and Kyle and the girls have to
go home I'm really going to miss I did
it was really good trip
you know when they both the trip guys
nobody knew that dad was going to be in
the hospital so I'm sure if they could
stay long I think maybe we can book and
winter flight to some different working
stuff yeah so guys today
Kimberly Kyle and the girls are going
home we're going to go to the hospital
first or relax and take them out to
dinner first then go to the hospital and
hopefully he's out of the surgery so we
can all talk and he can say goodbye to
the girls and stuff but otherwise today
we got a lot going on yes we got so much
to do today I'm getting this intro over
I'm a little depressed I don't want
anybody to go home I don't want them to
say goodbye the dad is he's gonna wake
because he's in surgery guys I don't
want any of that to happen but it might
so today is Friday and today is it
really fun Friday it might even be
Saturday my lives you can hear me it's
really loud in here I'm going to try to
talk to you
tymberlee entitled in the leaving right
now taking over the airport before they
do you want to Caroline yeah I kind of
think that too is something I'm done I'm
going to get like a different result
something else that's okay of course
that's not okay what are you freaking
it's alright forget something he says
she's going to get a refill and then
you'll get double - what are you
thinking with them you can wear drink
only all writing water why in the world
would you have a problem with you
getting a different trail is Madani
grateful money but I'm gonna dress intro
so it's not very yeah it's worth getting
a new drink / - bojay
really can you decide right yes I'm
getting I know George is when I getting
the zingers how did he know she
literally have never got anything and
what else
loaded fries now
no please potato sir I think that's why
we're at the hospital you guys not going
right to the room going to see Dad
they're all coming in in a second to
parking right now he's already in
getting the procedure done so that's
what's going on right only reason I'm
worried is because every time he gets
put to sleep or something something
happens
hey there they are look into that
elevator oh okay
yeah poor you're all right it's okay hit
it again
you can hit it on the way out how that
down did it to her guys I want to talk
about wearing a waiting room he it's
been about maybe an hour okay
oh the first thing that happened is they
couldn't run something in his mouth so
they had an IV in his neck so they're
keeping him another night huh he's
probably getting out tomorrow okay
and then they're setting up appointments
for liver doctors and the things you
said to come is a really bad kidney
stone
but he can't pass it to cut that one out
of him oh we got a hernia Jesus really
good why he came to the hospital me too
he seriously should have been here like
two weeks ago you know guys you guys
don't know this but we told him to come
to the hospital yeah my friend Chris
like eight months ago saying hey your
dad's skin ripping is a side effect of
cirrhosis Michigan checked out and I
asked him he was killed fun and I just
wish a lot force them I know me too
that's one thing about grandpa you know
I was just really stubborn he goes at
the very last minute we tried we got to
leave soon take care of girls in the
airport we don't have any news I think
you're kinda maybe in get tested to
guarantee plan that's amore if I'm a
match he's got on my drives to be needs
it okay it's okay you guys will come
back
but it's okay girls you'll be back guys
we'll be back
don't be sad fry
be strong you are wrong big beautiful
smush room
hold on your fishing powder this one
all right no laughing in the back today
no laughing the other what is the first
rule no left Hey
this is a Tahoe no laughing I can't tell
which it is I guess just a little table
I can't tell seriously give Uncle Bob
it's okay calm down you want to think
about of me I know right like I am miss
sighing Oh miss you can Thanks
Oh chicken is apologizing that's that
gosh like I said you guys like does all
right
no yeah okay
what's going on oh man just Kimber them
not leaving they here for another ten
days are you sick we're not leaving poor
girls let's go get in the park what is
this you feel like a jerk yeah they're
here another ten days all this time all
this time hey hey oh say goodbye off
camera maybe why don't you were happy in
central Mexico are you hopeful you know
I'm confused
all this time you've been telling me
you're leaving today and yeah it's just
Kyle leaving yeah that way all really by
like jumping the planners on them no for
Lima know you're here we're here yeah
she's here until the 17 also I just
showed us on the top here why would you
do that for this well you girls okay
we're right now I should have said it
later so you start in the back up you
know I what is guys I guess we're all
going home yes all going home are gonna
have a lot of fun lots of fun right swim
later was go swimming who wants to go
swimming raise your hands you after this
raise your hand if you want to go
swimming
oh sorry hey thanks to my favorite deep
breath in and what are these bear turkey
the hell washing you maybe miss them I
had to let me turn her out where they
wanted to sweet get run over
what will we can't they're running away
from us edek there they go okay you know
it's really crazy Kim these were the
woods beats to running trail would I
know that's not sad where's the turkeys
go are you going in Jim what are you
going I'm going to see the turkeys get
em straight to dessert all they're
running
they're running away okay worth it
alright Pat what you're all the way out
you're not even in the wood we're trying
to leave me yeah no oh my god oh my god
oh my god oh my god yeah so I'm going to
kill them for that when I get you I will
take care of you for this I should call
the cops
they just kidnapped my kids usually they
just did that they left me and they
stole my children now someone for
yourself go excuse me man
have you seen this in a long time
oh my god
you believe they lost me and they're not
back no not back still walking down the
highway all by myself
they should be coming back soon I want
to get hit either turn I credit halachic
they have abandoned me on the side of
the road still oh my god that cloud
bridge it looks like a shadow doll
yeah I really done
and it does have a half crap-rap-rap Wow
we've just been sitting here waiting for
news nothing right now he is still you
know with the doctor how you guys doing
he said you tired you tired
don't worry about sure you're all right
what if I'm student out anyways back
when all the cameras you want a hold
involve huh yeah kind of like this
now film stuff hey ray-ray hey guys
Kimba hand-carry essentially no and it's
no you don't want to film film they
don't want to come i yeah Yosh you don't
want to wait okay go ahead guys come on
cook it Jim behind the camera yeah Larry
you don't care at all do you Friday
hey you phony penny bud did you say pony
but hey give me that he's coming home
tomorrow
I'll be okay
what why would they hold him another day
maybe it's what's done so you want him
to get the best club I know yeah mcfist
bully crimp we just dropped off Kyle at
the airport we came back to see dad
thought he was coming home he's not he's
not coming home you went under but he's
kind of I've seen he's coming back
around that was the same my first home
is Sophie all right why are they holding
him another day Kim you know what the
longer the better I guess here he's
getting help that's what I said so you
guys we're on the way home we went out
there he's still he's like asleep i
didint to film in a sleep because I just
don't want to see it myself
so it was really pitiful they're holding
another day he's coming home tomorrow
hopefully they said tomorrow yesterday
so I don't know
crazy yeah I Jewish jump in and get me
one yes we gave it a path for me he's
coming
same
it's going to be okay
so come home
but you know it's important that they
keep some of these things up so you
never want to leave these things I have
the reason I know I'll be okay
it's very for his own well-being I was
just I thought he was coming home today
I know I know
he'll be back probably tomorrow
I just can't be sad because I know like
I'm tired I thought you guys
I probably want to do more test and
monitor make sure he doesn't retain
fluid like that
we're going home you guys we were doing
the outro two second I thought we'd have
better news all those turtles are really
coming close they want to say hello and
make you feel better so we're on our way
home right now you guys dad if you watch
this I hope you feel better I didn't get
a chance to see him or toss on but he
wasn't awake so I didn't get to talk to
him but it is good it's your sister and
then well yeah huh
we're all wearing Willie's know we're in
one my remedy yours put it back on come
on you don't wanna get your in hours
earlier on no that's not true
you like hired our tomorrow huh what is
visual reemployed put it back one hi oh
we did it back up on your head no clue
okay well sorry we're so gross
I will say that I'm really happy that
Dad survived the anesthesia cuz usually
every time they put him under anesthesia
something's happened cuz I can't take
you serious because of that about us
they left the hospital right now how are
ya I'm going to get fixed but yeah I'm
glad he made it through the spine he has
a really hard time doing any sort of
anesthesia when they have to put him to
sleep for any sort of reason a and so
yeah I'm just they did have a little bit
of a problem and they couldn't go
through the correct pain so they ended
up sticking on multiple times and he
ended up with one and his neck he had
alone he said like 20 inch needle they
had to stick into his neck so he was
pouring blood guys
I thought the vlog was over I thought we
were home and I was gonna start
rendering it for vlog number two
unfortunately that vlog is going up to
borrow because guys
grandpa's coming home that's going to be
the next vlog log number two for
Saturday click like if you want another
vlog we're going to pick up grandpa
folks you nad see you soon
