okay guys so Michael just flip the coin
and it's heads
who's going first all right Matt I'll be
a nice guy I know let you go first
oh you got this babe
it is officially time for the rap battle
unfortunately for him he's actually
asleep right now which means we gotta
wake them up you live not hearing
nothing is he a corpse Matt there are
grunt wake up what's going on you guys
can't be on a camera here vajura see yah
rap battle winner here no no guys
PSP right there today is the rap battle
today is Friday and today Mia PFE are
gonna battle to the death to the death
the death of his career guys today is
Friday and you've been waiting a long
time for this
Matt pfv vs pickle boy the rat battle if
you're not sure what's going on about a
month ago we told everybody to subscribe
to man when he had 30,000 subscribers we
were gonna have a rap battle yeah it
happened way faster than I thought it
would
way faster like three hours later we had
30,000 subscribers but he had to go but
now he's back now it's time for the rad
battle now it's time for him to taste
bitter defeat from a fat guy well that's
what's happening right now
absolutely not
absolutely guys today s Friday if you
didn't see yes there is vlog on a more
serious no Lauren left and it's very sad
Lauren we miss you if you haven't seen
it check out that vlog pause this and
then come back to watch Matt taken out
before we get to the rad battle you guys
I wanted to take a quick moment to talk
about yesterday's vlog I understand in
the intro if you didn't see it
Lauren left Lauren we still miss you
also Bridget gave me grandpa's old
guitar this was the guitar that Shooter
Jennings gave to Grandpa and man it was
moving the reason I'm talking about
yesterday's vlog just because I there
were a lot of questions about the dream
that Bridget and I both had about
grandpa and I wanted to talk a little
bit about that right now
very weird
Bridget and I both had dreams about
grandpa last night or the night before
last one the same night and they were
very similar both of our dreams he was
blue like the color blue he was sad and
he was in the house talking about how
you know basically we let the house fall
the shit
and I told her that she told me and it
occurred to me whether it's a
coincidence or not I don't know but we
got to fix up that house so guys
starting next week we're gonna start
working on grandpa's old house because
dad I want to make you proud again I
want to make you happy I want to do
everything that you want me to do so I'm
gonna make sure that house was back to
the way it used to be it was very
strange dad if that was real thank you
for coming to visit me if it wasn't what
a weird coincidence that we would both
have a dream about him on the same night
guys it is time for the rap battle
officially Matt get ready cuz I'm not
going easy I'm not joking I'm coming
hard
AF and yeah things about to get real
right now we gotta decide who actually
goes far
is it gonna be me there's gonna be you
honestly it doesn't matter to me well
okay
heads or tails heads oh it was tails
what was it okay I dropped the ball or
the coin that time let's do it again
you chose sails or heads okay
oh it was tails ah I don't really know
what's gonna happen today you guys
we've been waiting to do this battle for
a long time and I didn't go too hard on
him I could've went harder I'm hoping
that he thinks of my feelings and this
and you're gonna win either way either
freakin way you're so great what do you
think well I'm not great do you don't
know what Michael's so great all my
stuff is about how sexy and cute Matt is
hopefully his the same right I think
Matt's when he's not supposed to be
listening there's no possible way that
Mike is going to win this battle
I pretty much destroyed his whole life
his whole career I kind of there's a
part of me that feels bad for him but
not really it's over with okay take a
second man I think you need to stop to
breathe I guess the lesson Missy step
for God he's just at peace it's like you
went to sleep you need to think this way
to keep your head above the water that
is rising sugars
- Oh fight never trust what'd he say he
worked for the DEA Mackey grabbed my
shirt again I'm gonna slap your face
keep on talking crap and then I'm gonna
slap the taste now to Matt the battle
ain't even started Matt I think I've
already won and ain't started flip the
coin this static okay guys so Michael
just flipped a coin and it's heads who's
going first
all right I want to be a nice guy I I'm
gonna let you go first oh you got this
babe sure you want to do that
oh absolutely sugar because I'm gonna
try to rebuttal some stuff you're not
gonna be able to come back do ba
Michael's got this Matt you just worry
about you I got this round one God the
only M&Ms you gotta--you is the four
whole bags you wait before this battle
his slim shady guy not the guy who could
eclipse the planet with his shadow Mike
heard that was beefiness
palms got sweaty knees weak bones too
heavy what's up heart attack over large
was better than taking this battle with
Matt to a larger senator this guy
wannabe eight miles so bad you can't jog
what I don't got a kill you you killing
yourself with burgers and double lunch
I'm about to focus and throw your neck
up to hang expose your negatives and
darken your light of day you screaming
what the f stop that I so take shots
either way make sure they keep behind
there
never mix it in to frame your hands
getting great dog you should die I'm
related to the parent you know you
should diet eating better every day man
you should try it because if you don't
you're probably gonna die fuck the whole
family's you stand in for Michael's
green your brother's the unsuccessful
Charlie Sheen you look like what happens
of an elephant bred with the Sheep the
yellow brick road under construction is
how I describe your teeth and this
totally might I can't rock because it
weighs too much luck it must be awkward
when your chest and face do touch a
madam infinim under the Supreme I'm nice
and and white parents in the suburbs
agreed Michael Brown I'm average because
that's what he means I'm putting one of
the first 48 like the size of your jeans
your YouTube channel is proof that your
Paxson's withering I'm the fucking
monster with potential another stacking
energy you are big six days a week you
in the closet miserably only a mail on
Sunday's that's why you lack delivery I
just killed you in this battle dog you
should eat some food for I care of you
with the hook see you soon
this guy said I love ate my off that's
true dude that doesn't hurt I get it get
the franchise who takes the fucking bus
to work he dresses like a superstar and
then he drives for uber you're not a
fucking rapper Matt like dude I've seen
your future broke alone with nothing
left you know pretty much a loser kind
of man but no one knows it dude just
like your music
Matt you ever thought you just not
living up here and start living down
here you're never gonna make it dog and
rap I see you fail for years you hope
for rivers faced off knowing me I know
you fear my heart attack as if I'd I
didn't so with you and that's hard to
hear look at he is Palace sugar this
he's mad as hell this fella could pop
the trunk to take me out I'm
your yellow wolf I'm gonna want to be
Eminem yeah
why because I rap a bit at least I
didn't act my skin like yellow wolf did
after him
dudes in love with yellow they're
matching face tattoos are sick they're
twins man he's in love with him I bet
you'd even have his kids your best
friend
ha you wish but listen Matt his biggest
hit features him and then so now you
even use your friends like him fat jokes
good for you you only see above the
surface I can see below that tatted skin
and see a stupid person you're a better
rapper Matt I get it dude you serve a
purpose make a million songs that no one
hears then drive for uber perfect its
pickle boy pfv for michael versus the
who disease face it I'm the reason that
they know you and I know it stings
there's a gap between us Matt and not
the one between your teeth it's just the
fact that Matt is only known in rap
because of me take a look at what you've
done I mean really study things don't
worry there's no rush take all the time
you need looking back at all the tracks
you've done and all I see is that you
really need my help to go the bachelor
dreams oh god it feels good let me tell
you that waiting feels good that I have
never seen such a happy loser dude you
lost you are the loser
alright guys comment below who do you
think won the rat battle let us know in
the comments because the loser has to
eat a stack of burgers well there it was
you guys the rat battle between me and
PFE and I gotta admit you guys that was
a lot more fun than I thought it was
gonna be it was surprisingly fun
to be insulted Matt thank you for that
you know a lot of the stuff I already
heard before granted a lot of a lot of
the stuffs you said her in the comment
sections but that's okay
I got you with the lol stuff okay you
look like Yelawolf guys I wanted to take
a minute to explain one of my bars
because that's the bar that killed you
Matt that was the bar that I won with
Mia PFP have done three songs together
no rush
my help and dreams and I work that into
the final bar of my battle and you guys
yeah that won it for me sorry Matt I won
the rap battle now we just gotta let
people vote so guys let us know in the
comments section who do you think won
the rap battle Matt or me and the loser
is gonna have to eat a stack of
cheeseburgers and let's be honest
wouldn't it be a lot funnier watching
Matt struggle to do that instead of me
guys
vote for me guys that was it that was
the rap battle we're almost done
kind of a short vlog but I don't wanna I
don't want to shove a whole bunch of
stuff into this this was the rap battle
guys let's do this outro well that's
gonna be it for today you guys thanks
for watching that was the rap battle
that was freakin awesome babe you
freakin killed it I'll be honest I'm
really proud of myself I did a lot
better than a lot of people probably
thought I was for a second I know you're
great I doubted myself for a lot of
seconds so to be able to do as good as I
did like it's awesome
oh you you get amazing Matt last he's
not even here anymore you guys he was
like I gotta go film a music video and
he just laughed he just bought a hotel
room - crying yeah seriously I destroyed
him that bad like he was saying
something everybody's already said about
me before and I was saying stuff he
never heard Yeah right
oh my god I'm gonna do a Twitter poll
later guys let me know who you think won
guys remember vote for Matt because
it'll be a lot of fun you're watching a
meet 9 cheeseburgers just let me yeah
guys we're getting out of here thanks
for watching that was the rap battle
like subscribe babe right tell em
everything just and are you prepared for
your battle tomorrow
Tina cook-off I'm gonna win it
tomorrow is the cook-off which we
Bridget and Tina a swim is gonna win you
