alright gonna help us girl I know you
hear us
you goes up you got baby bottle pop yeah
my son second I do call okay
baby bottle pop baby bottle pop you guys
like baby well pop what are you watching
there's another youtuber flare who's
that some sort of gamer you know we need
right I'm special agent also from thing
you want you this yeah black-winged I'm
changes perspective a ghetto so do you
ever watch us on YouTube mmm-hmm you did
you like our videos yeah and guess what
what and then that is and got really
cuts on whoa after not whoa how's that
on there for kids Humvees here that was
f as her family and it was in the
children's section of Netflix what's
going on you guys to be on camera here
and today is actually still Kimberly's
birthday today is July 6 and the reason
that this vlog is starting off on Kim's
birthday is because if you didn't see
the one I uploaded yesterday at the end
of it we found out dad has cirrhosis and
it's pretty serious
we actually just got back to the
hospital and I wanted to tell you
something that dad did I took I didn't
take the camera with me to the hospitai
want to film it and he freaked out guys
he yelled at me for not bringing the
camera oh we record everything do it was
good good together again
you got it my apologies he also yelled
at us because we were talking about not
doing Kim's birthday thing we told we
said look you're sick we're going to
hang out of the hospital we're not going
to go to the lockout there he was not
having it he flipped out on us we're
doing it we don't have a choice he wants
it he's got it dad we're getting locked
out for you I just didn't want to talk
in front of the girls being all serious
how are you doing
I'm trying not to think about it it's
very sad
guys I hate that it's going through it
this is one of the hardest things that
I've gone through the cancer was
obviously horrible but we remained
optimistic but now this right after it
so much it's too much it is so all right
this been stopped in a car gave me happy
forgot what I wasn't a lot today how'd
it get you happy Wow okay that was a
filthy insinuation and I'm not ending
the scene all right okay you're filthy
I'm sorry that was because a little
strange to this point is you're both
kind of fun right it's like what kind of
world would that we were to probably no
no no more we're not talking about that
guys today we're going to blocked in
thing in Charleston when you see us
again
we'll leave the brie in or will be out
this is just dumb guys if you're
wondering did he break out oh yeah we
broke out oh yeah dude Kim will flip it
out of there yeah I was ready to get a
divorce you were I wanted a night
dollars this is why seriously where's
the barber I want to write somewhere no
very good look what I wrote - over here
- I know listen here what I did
we survived for Avery Grampa oh wow I
survived from changes like that oh you
can do your hanky grandpa right there
good pan I'll move like a look into his
number before second
we got after guys has my message I wrote
it on the floor have you ever come to
breakout Charleston look for mine
awesome
well thank you for finding the fudge
thanks Michael thank me for having a
birthday thanks mom and dad
nobody look at the message written here
okay she's never read harry potter big
spoiler i told her not to ready to close
it here we go folks
we're entering the laser room oh man
it's so cool can you see can you see put
it yes I will watch through the lasers
let me show you my to the best room I
was you to set up the alarms me seamless
but show us transfer successful VP it
says our party solution for oh oh oh we
did it we did it both so this is
breakout Charleston this was amazing and
it's so cool oh my eyes I kind of
watched everything though I just want to
see myself my lasers always I get me in
the heart only in the lasers
you're not ammo here hey
Oh do that
can I do anything first I pick all your
ideas the only did you feel it
this is odd this is odd is that meant
for you yeah it's totally in your head
you can't feel void or candy three one
two three come on work it no fun yeah it
was it was a blast
have a good time why you look like that
yeah we can tell yeah it's like how was
your food then that makes me think it's
horrible
well and then at one point he flipped
the switch on the one projector thing
and so we was all flipping a switch
Kim was flipping a couple of switches in
there man no he flipped the switch and
then the Machine wouldn't start and then
I am mad Nikolas give me the clipboard
again come on already Kyle
whoa how do you live with her I'm very
competitive you had you guys would be
now man I was like hey Kim hold on
it didn't work are we leaving here is
Kim's message yeah how I'm not going to
be like we survived
Franco grandpa and there's also a little
more no that's bizarre
we didn't do that but so that was
breakout Charleston guys if you don't
know the concept the idea is to escape
the room before the time runs out and we
did it would would think particularly
for him because honest to god we
wouldn't have gotten through without you
I got numerous of the puzzles I'm
sitting there like I give up at one
point Tim got a lot of them Bridget got
one Carl and I got one I think one of
the girls got one no it was a good time
that was so much fun
a birthday Kim it's not the thumbnail
but personally it is to eat okay guys so
Michael passed out he ate way too much
breakfast I did not have breakfast I
have cheese balls so they really matter
yes my way to the skin all right guys so
so Michael um he passed out he has way
too many cheeseburgers
I had one cheeseburger with you guys
Mike can I please I said yeah right now
we are at Kim's birthday dinner who has
fallen asleep at the table she had a lot
of hearts - we call Ted well we're just
no good night it's been a great night
Joe good night it was really fun guys we
did the checkout the needle room walk
thing happy birthday oh yeah you okay
buddy you all right is he choking from I
know he's pranking it oh there's a
little guys joined us at the table for a
few minutes and showing us a spin spin
her tricks he's awesome he died really
great at such a spinner trick I'm
learning new things tonight at dinner
oh I don't even know how to do that I
try to spin it and I feel like I'm going
to cut my face open yeah anyway Kim even
though is technically not your birthday
anymore concentra midnight happy
birthday hi birthday you're the better
than the last day man oh thank you to
you at birthday Chi I missed yours last
Maltin I did Kyle anything no it's all
we call
holy crap oh my god I'm scared come up
here push it over here do it Kyle
my foot Oh Oh God he make it what the
hell oh my god well this is about to be
a really weird transition we just went
from swimming in the pool hanging out
how about it it's storming it cannot out
of Neverwinter surprise let's just put
the horn let me start this over line
we're going to keep its price I spin it
oh this is going to be a really weird
transition we were just swimming in the
pool having a good time bro what is
going on if you hear
Jews whitening socks like right over
there and it was like but you just to
win in your flat for what we've got to
go to the hospital in a few minutes you
guys and the weather is just absolutely
horrible are we gonna be able to go
right now we're going to make it we'll
find a way yeah we go find us under are
you scared of thunder no but it is like
so close when the dog bites when the bee
stings we are feeling sad I simply
remember my favorite things it looks
like that just happen
guys starting to slow down we're going
to the hospital in just a second to
check on that he's actually giving a
scope run today guys this vlog is going
to be ending soon so smack the like
button if you want to double upload
today and we will do it after a second
guys if you want to uploads
smack the like we're going to go into
the hospital it starting to get like
serious and weird yeah I don't know if
it's picking up on camera bully try my
hot has been here and a little bit of
been raining like half the bride was
smokin tymberlee talked to dad earlier
and dad was said I don't want you to
come oh don't worry about me
dad number one we're coming number two
we do worry about you number three hope
you feel better number four we're coming
to the hospitai
why does he think that we're not going
to come to the hospital why would he
think that we are going to hospital no
seriously he knows we're coming now
right well even if you think we're not
coming we're still going to be there so
we'll be there dad mother so that's
what's going on today hope you enjoyed
the vlog we're doing the outward a
minute or if we had another scene or
whatever but either way last night was a
lot of fun hung out with Kim for our
birthday it was really good to take our
minds off everything that's going on so
dad I hope you feel better I would love
to do one of those with dad yeah oh my
gosh oh maybe the bank heist like
there's a serial killer one I really
want to do but I don't think well we do
the bank eyes we have an unfair
advantage you've already done it well
they have the prison escape
there comes
surveys like flipping from per day so
yeah I want to do you can't just go back
to talking I just something like that
let's go show the heat on the cement
wait was it not cement is it was it
cause he's an asshole asshole yes yeah
but is that really what it's called that
asphalt is smoking so I'm trying to film
all the smoke coming off of the asphalt
esteem I don't know if the camera is
picking it up guys but it is crazy
there's a fog machine going wow I don't
think is picking it up we look like
liars so zoomed in on my face now hold
on manic hair is not pick hot springs
writing give your shooters yes okay guys
we are stuck outside because there's
something wrong with this okay hang on
let me do it I'll show you guys how to
do it
oh you showed up oh hang on how are you
showed us Kyle you try you're the man
here oh yeah guys I got Willie Eliza
what is that we're officially screwed
the word I've saved us hey kids Bella I
just coughed health or run by it is
Clyde hey Lily Eliza let me try again
I need some nitrogen help us I know you
hear us the other guys I had been hiring
screams oh my gosh let me try let me the
man tries and we will hold this for
educators
oh my god what's going on dude we are
literally like screwed right now they
open the wine yeah oh oh no that's Clyde
he says you're going yet let's go to the
back I get no training all right I'll
just walk the back wall it ended up on
the window there Assocation what this
isn't sanitary guys how we lock
ourselves out of the house I know why ss
oh my gosh it's time to replace this
seriously but it's just like we can't
even get into our home at M heart think
what lucky Kyle he feels quite neighbors
what end
now then horrible timing well that's
going to be a birthday you guys thanks
for watching smash the like button if
you want to second upload today I'm
really going to try but we're going to
be at the hospital so I'm not really
sure how long we're going to be there so
it's depending on if I can but you might
the like button we'll try to get a
second upload for you guys today thanks
for watching you guys we're definitely
going to try guys
I want to say take them in and say thank
you for all the love and support it's
been overwhelming dad doesn't even know
about it I'm waiting to like I'm think
about doing a video when he gets out of
you guys like saying thank you to him
and talking to him on video doing like a
reaction video so if you guys want to
get a start on that start making some
videos tell grandpa - y'all that's going
to be a later thing thanks for watching
you guys we're going to see grandpa
right now we were locked out of a health
I don't know how that happened yeah love
scary we need to get that back scary
world was actually scary like imagine if
it was just us and we were totally
screwed
although think about it like subscribe
baseball right everything but you are a
mess I love you guys so much in caramel
and
you
