that mere fact we got something that
screwed good more Brad okay keep it on
the DL
and now I saw them earlier they're so
cool you guys are just in some family
photos
hey okay guys this is I don't know nine
year old pickle boy
so if it clears up oh well nine year old
pickle boy with his min just none I'm in
Charles Power Rangers - terrible
this is Kim with our dogs oh speaking of
you know to watch barking ready
this is so sleep okay
hey Lyle you know some a'my have a
birthday today
we're trying to plan for like wow this
is me and Kim playing in the snow and
I'm wearing a fake Tommy Hilfiger shirt
oh we got to the flea market like glued
like a real Tommy Hilfiger tag in it so
as people would think it was a real
Tommy hel P t-shirt I think I stole from
Kim short so she stole from a friend
okay
I don't want for some reason I thought
this would make me I don't know what I
was doing accent they totally went legs
were cut off for something I thought oh
we did not but you're secure this is
cool
oh wow even younger pickle boy look at
that one oh my God look at that
not wild yes could you see it yeah dude
that is awesome
yep they keep bringing balls yeah it was
just so cool I wonder if she is like
giving themselves was it that was a cool
no yes hide them because I want Thursday
what are we doing for her birthday
not a thing when you got a plane Kyle
mr. romantic over here you got to have
something like on the hood or this
handle all right something like a fun
day we're going to see grandpa in just a
few minutes so that our bring on some
food we got to sneak him some more
checkers we're doing that
however most checkers are Bojangles
excel won't like me teaching but then he
was a co-owner burger from chicken
citizen guys so people don't get mad
that we're sneaking him fast food in the
hospital the doctor said that he needs
to eat anything because he has not been
eaten in like a week now it just has
that something that happens when he gets
depressed he just shuts down and he
doesn't have anything in his system so
I'm getting my dad from check I can now
we still got to think about weirdo freak
em we can just ask our what do you want
to do that could wear a key well it's up
to you
but actually if it to you oh you go yeah
daddy at least gonna entertain because
you didn't get cake
yo Kyle you got the stuff hello does
that like crumpling paper and stuff well
we are back at the hospital visiting
grandpa you girls excited see couple
green again
like pegs a little bit later than when
we got it though I know we've been eatin
on it
my apologies so we are sitting in the
cafeteria for the hospital we're trying
to get drinks for 20 minutes we can't do
it freed up took our money it bridges
been robbed like multiple times potency
price yeah it took all of them on at
both times and Kim still trying to the
god oh well I put two dollars in because
the drinks are valor 85 it tells me to
use correct change and I just lost the
nickels please don't go away
Oh God okay whatever
another pep based hug
so think eight Bridget's money like five
times now it did it was ridiculous I
don't get it
listen you're trying to sneak grandpa's
in food also we got to check or whatever
we're sneaking it into a now anything to
dream so we're in trouble
I hope I'll just say it's for me believe
it yeah we got something screwed all
right keep it on the DL I got to are
Lauren okay yeah yeah it's Warren's
baggage enough writing and there you go
yeah get this so we go there okay we're
going to get data T from the thing
they're close but okay okay let's go to
the vending machine we swipe a card they
didn't give us the taranta the mission
offline Kim put in money that use exact
change
luckily she had exact change thank God
so that good cafeteria yeah there will
be no drink drinks can we get some wood
and coal ends well
all Isis weapons don't ever in my time
watch top well I don't want to cool it
kid once we flip the hospital you could
also buddy
please look Hardy but up on here hell no
oh that's terrifying
feel it regurgitate it on the floor you
must want to give you a present oh happy
birthday camping we can be very happy
get show it no yeah we can't sell it it
looks awful - she literally takes a
napkin and looks like slimy melt okay oh
my goodness kimby you okay happy
birthday hey birthday girl well Kimberly
now we can say it on camera
everybody ready one two three happy
birthday single nobody know what was
going on right there strong more time
okay one two three
yeah what do you want to do for your
birthday
Oh a birthday party I don't know we just
have one of those you guys going to do
God call it a dollar phase you were
going to say yeah oh my gosh okay open
up to us Friday the 13th pizza
oh that sounds nice now God isn't
something for your birthday well there
is this one thing here I want to do well
I don't know we have to look to see if
we can book it but there's this room
called scape and 60 like on 60 seconds
what is that
no guys it's like an escape room have
you heard of these things okay you go
into a room and you have 60 minutes to
escape out of it you have like puzzles
and clues and stuff like that they lock
you in a room for 60 minutes and you
to find the way out so what's this free
captain elbows there what happens in 60
minutes yeah do you die you die why is
yeah you got I don't I'm not okay with
you sign a waiver when you walk in but
you have to sign the waiver to get in
I'm not doing hey you know guide you
just leave I was going to believe her
when she said that I don't know because
it sounds will J got to send a waiver
you don't really have to sign a waiver
you just leave a loser so is it the same
for everybody to get out yeah we're all
in a room no I make it like we're
playing so many places tomorrow will be
the same escape yes so you cannot film
there good we've logged no because I
look into it they had one I think
somewhere in like New Jersey or
something like that and I can't remember
exactly but I remember looking at I
called because I thought about maybe if
I can blog there and they told me no
from we can't wash places they only give
our secrets away well then I guess
you're not doing that no she wants to do
it hey I don't know if it's gonna be for
today's vlog or can't hair okay
is this place downtown yeah okay do they
own King Street no right okay I filmed
the lead up to the building yeah okay so
guys I hope it's for today's vlog or if
it's for tomorrow's vlog I was really
expecting her to say it again you can't
film there I mean why don't we do it
anyway I honestly don't know
would you like what if we do it anyway
oh we have no they have to cameras in
the room they can see you so I'm
assuming if they see you filming they're
gonna stop her - chikka oh my god like
us you know Bruno when Ron Paul was like
in the hotel room with Bruno's this has
ended what's gonna happen like the doors
just going to open and we're gonna hear
a voice it's like get out
all right we'll do it yeah I think it's
our spot is really someone so I look it
up I'm kind of hoping you guys would say
yes she heard she pretended not to know
what she wanted
I'm sure it is well I was kind of like
fishing to see if you guys have
something for me but it's clear you go
huh is it but no there's one but it's
kind of late should she already like
call him I did I'm not going to lie I
did I definitely probably holding my
birthday exactly I want to escape the
room is my first day my yoga nice but
ours last night I'm kind of glad we
actually did it laughs right instead of
right now because it is crazy hot out
here do what we cleaned the pool for you
guys wait why and look and I sprayed off
no you didn't look I took the hell I did
this I thought I really did this
whatever Foley did it you did nothing
could you sat inside look I was I had to
play the game I'm sorry I had to get
points oh it is hot out here
oh my god I don't want something full we
did it so do it I wonder what it feels
like wow can you really didn't know how
to how to do this Hey look what I did
Doug a night huh
why what's wrong fellow human yeah
that's sick Wow well that's going to be
it for today you guys thanks for
watching I'm sorry the bugs ending right
now we were going to keep it going a
little longer for Kim's birthday we're
we're signal just up our birthday it'll
be just be later on we you know I just
got a call from Lauren and test results
came back and he dad has cirrhosis of
the liver and I don't know what that
means I know what it is his liver is
damaged
know if you got you guys probably do
know this dad battled alcoholism his
entire life he quit and you know the
mid-90s he stopped drinking many
actually started drinking again in like
2002 but he doesn't drink anymore but he
battled alcoholism and that could be
what's happening so he has cirrhosis and
I don't know what that means
was it son scarring scarring of the
liver so he's trying to say two to one
don't stuff like this puts all the
stupid drama perspective me cares I know
so
I don't know what it means but he wanted
you guys to know so this is me telling
it so that's what happened today so he
does only hide anything from you guys he
want you to know everything so first
things first stop sitting me anything
that's being said about us because I
don't care anymore I don't I really
could give them I don't care that's
going to be it you wanted you to know so
he said they want to do it end of a lot
of constant and just endoscopy something
like and whatever it is what
and then das could be on them and he was
saying they're not doing it and we're
telling them you're doing it you getting
it done he doesn't want to do it we are
that's going to be at you guys I'll keep
you updated on all this they just keep
getting worse so thanks for watching
like this kind favorite someone I can't
take anymore and that's good
