if I want to stop it I would I would
take you from the camera now I can't
force me to imitate folks I see if it
happens I could he's been in the
hospital a lot sooner
I've always could be reveal always I'm
never going to leave down everyone
changes so that things that
we just got to the hospital you guys it
is scorching hot right now poor Bridget
has to be sitting outside of the house
waiting for Doug until she can come so
she's sitting out in the heat right now
and that dad's car
no lucky her so we're going in you guys
excited to see couple green you make
them even happier
well watches wakiki Joe go plead yes sir
I mean now yes sir Oh going in to see
him
nice little last time I was here I was
getting my throat drained and I swore I
would never be back for any reason I
didn't really do that I have to come
back if I have to
last time I was here was when dad was in
ICU yeah
and I told love what I love you guys
know that story
dad got a surgery pretty much died he
was in a coma Kim comes down and wakes
him out of the coma it was insane for me
to come over by a lorry before she had
dreams what does that mean you said that
what is that he had a lot of water
pressure is that what that was here and
water why he was like leaking water out
of the skin
the man's food I wasn't sure if you were
what assess this is no Michael I won't
talk to the fad dad's food but I feel
better one
oh yeah just can't smoke don't you dare
try to give them something but I was
kind of afraid that a child's hair skin
okay so I have to add Michaels eating
his chicken sandwich Kyle's got chicken
tenders Lauren has with chicken for her
both my girls have apple juice man show
up they don't want the cereal or
anything that's just real won't have you
hit him yet okay you're looking
fairytale land lower your apples make
everything better
I want you to drive my sauce on this
oh you're like a horse bigger than our
what hi you are so sweet in a picture on
it oh those I love them
oh hi these know my dogs that I protect
the ass are they in find that this lady
is a ghost
open the transparent we got the hospital
oh I got it
guys shut my door daddy says you're
right with your stop - I do feel all
better
what's this the black eye yeah my guess
I have no idea I was just thinking the
same thing we were young oh oh
check in a fit yeah good event enough
stop recording that's what dr. know
you're sitting in a hospital in my pant
has seen me a few days man okay my
youngers never see me I don't bother you
like you don't bother me man we had to
go to what's these - lots of these come
on oh you ask them okay we're in your
pretty got in here
Oh so while are you feeling good love
there a little while ago was this so hot
Martha we should have to get up really
guys debit new city really hit what they
took an LP would do those to draw that
food where they
okay yes they come now alright you know
something there was a pup called that
tsunami
let me turn it off no no I feel a lot
better now so he had this mass that was
right here and we thought maybe his
hernia was coming back yeah turns out it
was cool it and they just took it out
and they took out 9 liters of fluid
which is almost 22 pounds like water
does that water through the chilled
water well maybe it's time to cut back
me anger videos destruction are you
crazy
you got direct me I wouldn't do that to
you don't know talk about it i'm lizbeth
I did forgive I won't do it through guys
everyone within I wouldn't be here now I
was you surviving there weren't three
young uns I couldn't do this and I kinda
quit YouTube oh I'm saying don't you
know you got to be so angry so open I'm
going to break it regard as a motto show
it to the blue ever I'm not quitting you
are not quitting
I'm not sending you to a my nature's
angry and we'll stay angry that's it
that's why JD and I I've always done
this to them and for me I know it's good
for me too
I know so don't ever bring that up again
now with all some people saying you know
if if you're getting too old to be angry
all the time I don't want to make a
thing looking to other people who
watching you guys that bother them
I don't care I had too many younger
doesn't do watch me I know but they
think that I'm forcing uniform you do
nothing
if I want to stop it i would i would
tell you from the camera now i can't
force me to anybody if I got what
happens I could he's been in the
hospital a lot sooner I'm always gonna
be tube you off always I'm never gonna
leave ya I'm never going to change
so that's into that subject okay I tried
the other people don't like it
you quit watching I think by my fat ass
how okay the one why don't you bring it
up any of those dramas are addictive
element stresses out Noakes just drove
of others on me I know that's why I had
to walk down this hard martinet because
all the stress a big car to bomb me
lately I don't want to what stress is
thanks a lot know how long I'll talk
about it at drop the Michael you know
dad you got for Joe you got thought one
to never really give you problems you
got one who has starting to go
turnaround her life but you got one
that's never going to change that never
wasn't back does never really cared
about that but it's never would have
cared about in deep with him know what
he can get I don't want you to think
about all that well you're going to
stress yourself out too much I don't say
lie I just wish you look because I can't
do act after all this I'm going through
I want to go through this so I don't
talk about it anymore
far the reason I was bringing this whole
thing up anyway because he was blaming
me for you being in here let's all the
son else son eat meat cut him hungry man
I need with this hey you know what God
did you eat the flower what the flower
no that's alright put it in his hair oh
my god he is feeling better
yes goes I have you about something yeah
no more stress now no stress go now on I
worry about not now okay
I love man - all right we're here we
love you you going nowhere yeah we're
here y'all give you okay well there's
were some beaver so I talked with that
for a few minutes about what he was
talking about just now and it makes a
lot of sense it's tough that I already
knew but I guess I was letting the
pressure of negativity try to control
stuff because I wouldn't want you guys
to think that of me or dad right but
basically before YouTube dad was how
much did you want hundred and ninety two
pounds before YouTube you guys grandpa
weighed 800 pounds
he was just deteriorating their art he
had a bad heart IBD diabetes he was in
such a such a bad state that I don't
know if he would have survived another
couple of years and then we started
doing these videos
and he started to get you guys and you
gave him a reason to live gave him a
purpose in his life I guess for the
first time you felt like you had a
purpose yes and that goes for me too
I had no purpose until you guys and we
forged this connection with you guys and
this bond and he thinks I'm trying to
take a farmer I would never try to do
that they're not you know would never do
that wouldn't be wouldn't be pretty
I would never do that does I know you
would so
you guys saved his life and you continue
to save his life and so he's not
quitting YouTube that's why they might
give us and my young uns well we're
heading out dad
but I say yo be careful keep me updated
what's going on I will come down later
of course back floor on Oh everybody go
swimming anyway she just did you here
again set it all pitiful though yeah
second time wasn't as good thing on her
tears when they feel like well you
hadn't member Union yeah message for the
young uns of y'all see y'all soon well
we're leaving right now you guys and he
was to say he told me
Yeah right yeah I don't think you should
probably ask that ever again
do you a happy he was so offended he was
definitely offended by that all I was
suggesting was you know if he does the
anger videos and you know he really
exerts a lot of like pent-up aggression
when he does those but I just didn't
want I don't know what I wanted I just
wanted him to calm down or something or
make him feel like he doesn't have
exactly he does he you guys have proven
that he doesn't have to do the anger
videos to win your support he can do
anything you know we're going to
challenge it we can do games and that's
what I was trying to tell him because it
he doesn't have to be angry but yeah
well you guys we're gonna be getting out
of here in just a second but the pool
area is getting cleaned everyone's
having a good night let me wipe the ones
up again howdy everyone you girls having
fun Doug I appreciate your help
yeah we'll get in soon I can't let that
shirt say honor I just mean this whole
thing play OCD do not let me that's
almost going to be a for a day when
we're doing the outro in just a second
we're going to tell Isaac goodbye in a
second he's on his way over he's leaving
I do want to take a minute to say that
we're not going to not going to be
bringing the drama up to Grandpa anymore
because seeing what happened he's in the
hospital over you know and I'd tired of
stirring the pot you know I feel
inadvertently stirring the pot making
people say more things doesn't need to
happen anymore he doesn't need this you
know let everyone just move on with
their lives the best you can you know my
brother said he's going to rehab so
hopefully he does you know I just wanna
I'm just want to move on it's just
enough too much so this is where I'll
stop I have to I have to stop for dads
sake so guys
we're going inside I'm about to go
swimming in that pool whatever you just
said I agree with I don't know what it
was though who's pushing me in the neck
when I'm not down with that no more
pushing in what is she's coming towards
me
no thank you I'm going in right now
Isaac is about to leave you guys going
back to Pittsburgh tonight ideally Cole
you're both leaving but on oftentimes
over we always do you get that thing
babe yeah huge like baked I'll show my
base is broken hose you get in there
I'll say you have
yeah it's oh yeah you got Rocco cams
Robert yeah I think that's been awesome
yeah I didn't work not quite I tried I
tried to get up for sucking water in my
head oh boy
that's all you're done oh I just killed
your dog pick it up
well everybody that's it for Isaac are
y'all gonna drive tonight you'll pull go
pass up on the wheel man fully good
whatever you guys will be well they
stopped by dude wait you're leaving
tonight yeah I'm going to start this 10
hours
well thanks coming dude it's been real
later Nicole thanks thanks for coming
out what is that what is this all right
oh I didn't come so thanks coming you
guys yes
bye you guys get all this is little the
first thing you ever said to me the post
office as we know is it fun yeah let's
look at dogs do it he's playing the dog
was liked by you all happy you look over
to Liz oh there that's going to be it
for today guys thanks for watching this
was our second upload guys thank you so
much for everything thanks for watching
thanks for the love and support and all
the thoughts that you're sending to
Grandpa he really appreciates me he
loves it he loves you guys thanks for
watching that's going to be a really
good day it's been a really good thing
graph I really hope you feel better soon
we miss him and love you guys we went
back to the hospital later Bridget came
to that that was fun yeah I got some
checkers
got them checkers guys that's going to
be in like subscribe favorite color
everything to us
now goals women I'm not I'm going to
play Friday 13th all night I'm going
swimming you know you want to play I
want to go swimming
you
