I think she should have done this this
one shut your mouth whoa who is that I
find you what's going on you guys get me
out of camera here here right there
today is we're currently doing fireworks
and I don't know how to light this thing
we'll figure it out in a second I know
it's dark you can't see me guys today is
the second part of the fourth of July
yes five NVQ before we get started I
don't have an update on dad they did a
cat scan they're checking like his
electrolytes apparently like is protein
is super low
maybe I don't the games been eaten so
it's really dark so I don't want to keep
coming right here guys firework time
family time let's get this fourth of
July star realistic grandpa as serious I
really do I wish I wish you were here
dad you're not these are forget all
right here goes the first official
firework of the fourth of July Harry bad
you guys ready we're going to do on
they just sort of end yeah like yeah I'm
done I love the cameras picking this up
with guys just like off smoke and like
damage all over the ground this is crazy
it's like a scene in a movie they're at
Witts go out and turn the camera off
Wow
Wow
Wow I was insane well killing some
innocent shall we
nice job Jim we all look oh my God look
at the carnage folks wow those are I was
literally kicking the booth and
fireworks to get more down thank you -
that was often walk by my car got back
in one that was great for something ever
well he enjoyed it Wow happy fourth of
July forest I wish dad could have been
here what else for him
dad watch it we love you we miss you I
should help you feel better get better
though yes we come to New Year's that
was for you dad oh it is the bonfire on
the fourth of July it's extra hot much
extra fun nice job Doug I know right
what was burning up and we got a bonfire
going happening stores Hey they said
they want me
hey I'm I don't look I'm not complaining
I want some more I want to start well
I'm making a long video of this okay
rich amber this is awesome
mr. Powell worth walk to the net burn
the boxes
this is too huge of a mess guys going to
be like the biggest cleanup I've ever
cleaned in my life it's too much I need
to get a second one I'm going help me
yeah I know you're doing okay all right
take the camera
no no no I'll do it I promise I'll do it
all myself living anywhere
y'all want it s'mores yes and just so
everyone's aware about the dark forest
fire I feel like if anything happens to
this fire we're taking this far out of
the vlogs
yes the problem I feel lighter feel it
has been used at this point hi we're
going to prank Jennifer with this we're
gonna have her clean up the mess over
there and you go wait for it and scare
her
maybe maybe take off your over sure she
knows you're wearing it you should come
back it no either
I know you miss your eyes like those
just creepy frickin yeah scary yeah you
did not have to help us you really don't
have to do this Jenny
it's just that you know ever since we
had that guy lose huh ooh the thing you
haven't heard on the news there's this
dude that's like killing people and he's
loose he's not don't worry about it
that's why I've been keeping the doors
locked and stuff that's what y'all
talkin about yeah all this how we get it
I think she should have done this this
one shut your mouth who is that what I
do but I think jennifer is terrified of
my choir yeah it is only
I feel like I feel like she might have
been expecting something but when she
saw the pace yeah oh my god oh it's all
quiet now innit yep everybody was here
now it's just few of us a little dark
you know room happy fuck John really I
know ruined my kid president any any
part are you going to care okay okay
ride into the oh sorry Michael
happy fourth of July both Haywood until
I everyone you know a little darker like
an unblockable figure really what over
here huh
so guys today was a blast a lot of
cleanup
sorry I'll do it babe you're going to
drink what do you want done do
holy crap what one color only has two
Capri Suns my charge
Oh what are ya this room with three
sodas laughs hang on one more
it's freakin out - yes Wow
it's empty I'm doing you a dr. pepper I
want to coke
I really should I haven't even had a
regular soda today you buy I only had
Diet Coke I was so right - okay you gave
me so much lives at Walmart oh uh uh we
hate money you drink my goal I thought
we did she Oh ball a long day folks
oh yeah it's been really fun okay let's
try to count okay you had about 96 sodas
it was for 24 packs 96 oh it is let's
count everybody that was here definitely
not like that many I don't think hold on
I hi Justin
Nicole's me when I click on any of the
kids um we have two templates head okay
it sets the Maya seems like a little bit
you best be out on our start over we're
on four
we're on sorry Brooke this is probably
it oh so does it everyone JD if I'm
doing the math of my head right those
about 20 people here you ever take about
20 people that gives everybody about
four sodas apiece well how many people
were action I don't care if you guys
know TV has I have Bridget I want to be
tons of tears and thirsty guys that's it
for tonight this vault continues
tomorrow thanks for watching see you
tomorrow hopefully with an update about
that happy for us it makes all of you
for coming
yes thank you guys so much for coming
like truly it was amazing so much fun
why are we in the pool house bill
I don't know like I'm just a tiresome
MorphOS this is so adorable time we get
this
they've got bowls of cereal and I've had
over life modern life I know right we
not anything near this good work is I
can't even have cereal I was a mill
getting today had cornflakes over here
with water
I heard milk yeah Jim there was like
chunks of white foam I do remember doing
the water sure that's seriously
disgusting it loved it it's like as poor
as you get it just doesn't work well
happy prison July Lily hey Eliza he did
were you autumn Special Agent Oso you
really do you watch it
I'm glad we're not behind this thing
that's like final destination right
there and it terrifies me yeah it's very
scary I was just about to start talking
and now the seatbelt house you're like
hey by the way he's not wearing a belt
you're firing me Mike what I can smell
something vibrating
have you not recognize the number and
there will not insurance three
guys right now whoo
girls are excited to eat something for
breakfast
Jordy a practice one can't eat why it
was a gift eating twice I
not another thing I ain't or I hate I
ain't says it was a hotel number Isaac
yes I think it was enough guys we're
going to be eating again and again and
another one and another tell you what
I'll do I'm really hungry right about
now so that sounds good with me where
you want to eat got it I got it
ha ha like a choking I've never seen a
gun I think you've heard her on the
camera she sneezed and kept her eyes out
because she's driving I did not want to
track her far I was so afraid to close
my eyes those dude like just his like oh
but she was like shit and I'm like dad
because of it
Wow I had to feel that way I'd never
seen nothing like that before you guys I
was so afraid to crash the car cause you
always do that over the pool possible
bad oh my gosh I didn't even think about
that before we get out of here
I want to just have a look around the
yard see what we're dealing with yeah
holy crap looking fine oh my gosh oh my
gosh oh man
oh my gosh this place is a wreck you
know it looks like Charlie Sheen's house
absolutely a wild party
I had to cut out like three full minutes
of the in finale it was just two buttons
really but that we lasted almost 6
minutes long Wow
all four cookies - I'm where I'm really
worried about that pole though Jesus how
do we play that I got to skip it all out
guys so I guess what I'll do is I'll
sweep everything up and take a hose to
it that's going to be afraid of you guys
thanks for watching this is vlog number
one I will have a second blog going up
later because you guys click like
yesterday and I didn't give you a second
blog so you gain this today to vlog
that's going to be it
we're about to leave the house in a few
minutes and go see grandpa the other
thing that we do have for you
is wonders raining a lot of fluid from
him the doctor was saying with all this
stress and like first of all you can
have it here in his heart he's been
having heart problems because first it
has been horribly depressed of what
we're going on these past couple of days
the accusations the I don't I'm not
gonna bring this up to him because I
don't wanna make them any worse but the
accusations distress so I've got to find
a way to alleviate that stress you know
P Who Shall Not Be Named
on his Facebook right now saying that
you know oh it's the anger videos that
are doing it you guys you know our
videos okay these videos saved grandpa's
life they are his reason for being and I
won I'm afraid people trying to take
that from them I don't know what's going
to happen where we're going to take it
from no I'm not I'm not I'm just saying
some people like oh maybe you're right
maybe is the angular video Chenin it's
not the anger videos it's the stress
that comes with breaking stuff for him
people oh yeah I think you're supposed
to break something honestly guys you
know don't try to use your dad thickness
to try to get people back to your side
because that's just Scott that's one of
the most disgusting things I've ever
seen okay I'm not the one that we're not
going to get into it you guys know the
deal okay I don't want to have to defend
it anymore you guys know what's up but I
will talk to Grandpa about not about
that I will not bring that happen on but
I will see what he thinks about cutting
out doing anger videos and just do more
fun stuff but anyway guys that's going
to be it smack the like button if you're
excited for the second vlog we'll be
doing that we're going to go in to see
grandpa you actually are going to be a
little behind I am going to be a little
bit for that I won't be there she's
coming to hang over here she's gonna be
a little behind because she's got to
wait for her dad but anyway that's going
to be it like subscribe favorite I'm on
anything but you I and dad I love you
I'm glad you're feeling better you guys
you drained all the fluid they ran tests
over
Matthew please help I really I think you
do a lot better
