yeah I'm gonna make it a bit they try
you can do it maybe happy fourth of July
everybody right now we are in the
grocery store getting some last-minute
stuff for the party tonight
tymberlee is looking for sunscreen my
kids are pale they need often what's
that makes you question quick
are you gelatin you guys don't have a
store anywhere as good as this really a
couple I'm going for guys they have
Wegmans okay we don't have anything like
so I'm not really sure I know you're
looking at chips but I don't know if we
have enough drink what do you mean we
have like a thousand drink
how did you see a thousand drinks okay
yeah that's what I thought okay maybe
not across quite a thousand I'm
exaggerating a little bit Michael we
seriously probably have like 75 to 100
photos okay and we're going to have like
probably 20 I do every day yesterday
last night was amazing we have like 15
people in the scene at one point I'm yes
II just think this probably be like 25
30 people here maybe but they're not all
doing guzzling sodas and the best to
appease at this point
yeah and I'll do a lot less now don't I
have everybody to take a stand
oh yeah great idea so we'll get chickens
instead of don't get tickets like a hot
dog or a burger no we're doing it Matt
Hardy style is melody the tailgates
right that's exactly tickle boys
tailgate extravaganza you get one plate
of food back first
okay Sarah some more direction a lot two
more two more cases some of what
anything no product well you guys have
seen everything we have so just get
whatever you want well you got like
I must have been a pallet of probe last
night a pallet is 24 okay
yeah 12 pack if nobody's drinking it are
you kidding me
the excited really if tired are you
still tired he did not want to come on
this trip that's what's really love what
she does George's thing he'll pretend to
be tired Lily you tired here turtle is
Eliza Eliza Kakaako
so you got right there parents holding
hurts his hand the Michael behind them
with nothing so here we walk around like
yeah he lives in their basement probably
clean he you know him if I was a girl
yet I got lives in their basement he has
nothing or nobody and they're probably
right here we go Michael Phelps jump on
in
the judges are holding up threes dude is
what happened do you got oh yeah bunch
of zeros on that one Johnny
hello night what I call you recall my
name Jimmy Johnny I was about to push
you in between your closed be careful
please that's dangerous buddy please
don't
oh so you almost got the perfect King
try it again you gonna get it this time
I feel it we go perfect
that was that was it that was Michael
felt and your Grandpa's here look you're
too happy fourth of July dad before it
is hot you want something to drink now
yes what do you want to drink dad coke
Mountain Dew get tea yeah we got two in
the penthouse
my apologies you guys if this vlog is a
little all over the place I guess it's
the fourth of July there's a lot going
on
there's lots of people so I can't focus
on any like specific scenes per se so
I'm not really sure if it's just jumbled
II if the blog's are met I don't really
know but either way happy for if its
wide all you guys so everybody had four
ty before July everyone I love these so
much isn't happy for July happens it's
happy fourth of July everyone oh I'm so
excited our neighbors are going to be so
mad guys our neighbors going to hate us
officially after tonight I was in a
picture on Twitter of all of her
fireworks oh man I even said sorry
neighbors guys happy - why fourth I know
the intro was earlier now this seems I
just wanted it we have to wear medals
my grandpa do we have any happy fourth
of July you guys I wanted to take a
minute to offer a moment for Sumner
Carlin which is Burgess grandfather I
knew him for a short time being Bridget
started dating in the you know he passed
away today when you're going to be
wearing medals in order of Sumner this
is come on dope
so I can't read a crime so we are going
to wear so I'm going to read this really
quick you guys at age 19 Sumner was in
the Army's 10th Mountain Division with
the troops that spearheaded the final
drive to the chase to chase the Germans
out of Italy they fought their winter
under impossible conditions of weather
and terrain to sweep crack German troops
from Mount Belle Belvedere broke through
the Apennine mountains I I'm sorry I
can't read this up you guys I'm not very
educated defense near something we paved
the way for armored out he paved the way
for armored elements of the fifth army
to pursue the Germans in the popo Valley
he received both the Bronze Star for
heroism in a combat zone in the Purple
Heart even though they suffered heavy
casualties they never took a backwards
step through the whole campaign Simon
was a sharpshooter and after the war won
many awards and trophies including
Pennsylvania State pistol shooting
championship for which he both qualified
left and right-handed so this is him and
today we're this for him so first thank
you guys for everybody that fights for
our country glooty seminal so everybody
that lost somebody for spirt fighting
for our country you lose so many thank
you guys and some two recipes bid
mr. Jim what happened why how about some
really hurt to cancer his swollen guys I
told you guys I don't want to get into
all this stuff to the promised I'll drop
it but all this stress that's been going
on grandpa
lately has really taken effect so he's
going to the hospital
yes I was out here at the 4th of July
manner this son trying to hold off he
told me yesterday he was trying to hold
off until after today cuz he didn't want
to ruin today he's not going to ruin it
we just want him I don't want to scare
you guys ok we we don't know anything
we're just trying to get him checked out
but he left dad I hope please feel
better I love you I wish I didn't get to
say goodbye I know my chest leaning on
two different keys alright well we'll
give to the
it's awful oh you're not made aware of
that no no yes yeah just what's wrong
oh don't know
well guys Doug's cooking up on the grill
looking good is awesome
yeah that'll do better I know I'm really
learning real value that supposed to we
also know was doing the whole feed on
Mary Alexey Friendly Fires know we're so
much hey Finn do Gophers stick with me
guys guys this is the scene
everybody's eating for the fourth of
July yes send you guys yeah
happy fourth of July time after me oh oh
I'll be a joyful baby hot dogs because
of July Lilly yeah Arden egg attacks you
a question somebody just wrote me on
Twitter and they wanted to know how your
new relationships going what new
relationship the one you have a Doug
whatever you're dating my sister money
going there is that true no really by
the way there is kind of somebody hey
Jamie who she's actually know you guys
Jennifer and Doug are not dating
they're just right
guy yeah it repels candy hello Jamie
come on
I don't even know but he said something
I got a stomach that facial expression
what would dad say he said something
nothing it was bad
he's hardly more like I'd rather burn in
hell hahahaha fight on switch a lot well
that's all me where I came from nice now
be very careful you got a nice always
going on well you guys fourth of July
this vlog is almost over
click like if you want to parts guys
where we shooting off fireworks I just
wanted to get this one up before the
fireworks because my goal from midnight
guys hopefully before we do the outer
know a few minutes we have an update
about dad right now there's not one oh
let me take these off guys put that on
your head first we got bruised you're
wearing double glass it's just strange
it is mess of my house well you need to
do it guys here we go
wait wait you're Matt all right me that
over you okay are you ready yeah haha I
gotta make it to this stage rock you can
do it maybe I didn't work out too well
oh yeah are you guys we're about to play
a big game of Marco Polo's a ton of
people in the pool
oh my god we're getting out of here in
just a few minutes you guys sorry this
is fogging up gonna be getting outta
here in just a second I want to give a
quick update on dad he's at the hospital
like I said all the stupid dramas
stressed him out to the max II so
they're checking his heart right now
they checked his vitals they've you know
giving them fluids right now I don't
know anything else hopefully in the
second vlog as you guys want to see it
we will have an update by then if not
well I won't for tomorrow's vlog what
about the mood we're about to move grand
+55
he draw he drove the 55 here and he had
to leave in his car so we're taking the
55 a parking it at the pool house I want
to give you the update were quick before
we get out of here not much of an update
just he's being checked out so you got a
cat scan get his vitals checked fluids
and that's what I know right now oh my
goodness oh my the way Oh
my bad
oh man please Allah tell you like
that's far enough guys we're doing the
outro and then a little bit later and
vlog number 2 if you guys want it
fireworks
well that's going to be it for today
guys thanks for watching at least it for
tonight
the way I said make the like button if
you guys want a second upload and we'll
do that that's going to be it for now
it's 8 o'clock got to get number one
uploading guys thanks for watching have
a good fourth of July it's been a really
good 4th of July so far I'm glad you're
feeling better I had that dad's not but
hopefully I'll get some information
about that but thanks for watching you
guys I hope you had a great problem July
you know seriously careful it's gonna be
ok no no he is anyway are you doing I
said I text a moron yeah okay he's
starting to feel better so they're
getting home
you know fluids and stuff like that just
pointed at you I can tell yes guys not
gonna be everything like some guy made
fun anything
and that I was until I guys know what
