so right now we're on the way to
grandpa's house oh my god what happened
oh my god y'all what what's going on you
guys
Kim you got a camera here do I see I'm
right there today is Sunday Sunday today
it's Sunday today a Sunday Funday today
is really serious Sunday serious Sunday
not that serious with a whole lot of
firework footage guys forest and I'm so
excited that Kim's not coming tomorrow
I'm not coming tomorrow at all that's
not a special guest tomorrow but it is
not Kim or Kyle or my niece's definitely
I have the beds up there for Kim Kyle
our nieces I'm going to blow those up
and not wash the sheets and stuff and
Kim's on Kobe hey guys today is Sunday
before we get the vlog started this is
all the footage that we filmed yesterday
shopping for fireworks with Jennifer
that we never got to use chicken you
can't tell I just put both hands on the
subject it cause I got to spin it
alright this is yesterday hey here we
are the fireworks superstore Hey look
over there you guys it's a wacky waving
inflatable arm-flailing tube-man wacky
waving inflatable arm-flailing tube-man
wacky waving what hi I'm al Harrison
well first of all I can to keep
interrupting it hi wacky
so right now we're looking for fireworks
you guys and I've noticed all of these
are usually the same burrs like get the
attack jet or God's country even though
they do the same thing
yeah are like the same have you noticed
that Jenny with that they're like they
have all these different names so like
they're always the same right always
sometimes they even call some more than
religious really I thought was right no
I'm thinking of I remember what is the
best artillery shell if it's this one or
is the one next to it so I was going to
get two of these I know you're talking
one now yeah I remember Zangaro in the
air in the max caliber Oh No this color
is it okay sorry well that's what I
think any fireworks is right Jennifer
just goes I think that's one the colors
that just go boom well that's every
flower demo well we got buggy Oh
fireworks yep the road was it back up
yeah I should just back you know I could
park right here like you did last time
no let's do that might be a lot easier
to many fireworks folks blew it all in
our neighbors are gonna hate us oh my
gosh we're running out of room native
Jim Jim knows how to pack yeah I don't
know how she knows how to do it dude
she did it like oh my god though no
we're doing you know pretty good pretty
good
Oh way more for now is in Worcester yeah
I think so I'm was that me you're good
to get out of Jules Kimbo campus now you
can really pack though come on you got
to admit it she's like really good at it
okay it can't beat you because I'm
taking
yeah and some of these going to be
picking you up now there's no Bridget to
interrupt me or stop me so wacky waving
inflatable arm-flailing tube-man wacky
waving inflatable arm-flailing tube-man
wacky waving inflatable arm-flailing
tube-man hi i'm al harrington president
and CEO of al harrington's wacky
Waveland I can't do it how's this angle
look Bridget right so right now we're on
the way to grandpa's house
oh my god what happened oh my god y'all
what the games all Oh
hey Soph yo what's going on the fire
started back dude there's no that's
horrible Bridget okay I'm gonna pull
over here
holy crap can't you think together from
the rain what prank playing better what
every good manners I would
I want to microwork I'm going to make oh
crap
and we're back that was yesterday
Jennifer prank me and then taking the
fireworks fell out it'll be at me - that
was not cool it sounded legitimate like
what is up with this family and pranks
like we haven't done a prank in a long
time yeah everybody's getting us anyway
today is Sunday today we're going to
shoot off some fireworks and piss off
the neighbors oh my god yeah they need
to know that we're having like a party
on the 4th and we have a special guest
today not count
definitely not serious lights on camels
so this scene you guys has to be
presented out of sequence it actually
happens after the next scene but I
realized I didn't introduce you door
excuse me when we restart I did not
introduce you to the special guests that
I told you was coming which I told you
was not Kim guys our special guest is
Justin well know guys I love you ever
listen to I don't know if you ever
listen to the podcast that I used to do
s TSU and list I'm not gonna say the
word it's ad pocalypse and listen
co-host Isaac boom with low due to six
foot nine or something and that's wife
Nicole say hello in the first twenty do
you leave it yeah let's put an X in my
foot Leslie are you Google before
actually got a fast twenty she was good
he wears a size 20 shoe it's insane guys
this is my friend Isaac he's hanging out
he came for the fourth of July his whole
family say located how does it work
no this really do like hey I'm not
filming me now anyway guys in a minute
we're going to shoot off some fireworks
but first this was earlier when we
tossed Justin into the pool yeah and why
can't I escape this game cuz somebody
tell me everybody plays this game it's
highly addicting how did I gene give us
such a low score anyway this was early
we're trying to say from frogs folks
that fell into the pool yeah buddy
and where you go babe one Justin things
over here like yeah where is right there
yeah I think he went is he alive oh that
ain't right to do yeah I wasn't right at
all
she flew she do that I felt like he
could sense it for let's just see what
Isaac felt like he knew he did it yeah
he's doing waiting what's going on get
him
how's the water cuz you got a shower
really Emily I won it over the wall I
have no clouds yo you might get all
thinking - he hasn't asked that will you
please do that
sorry pushing you play baby I grabbed
hey are you really can't no you really
can't swim you saying about everything
in New York
all right good I thought you were going
in with him I'll be honest let me get
out of damn why not how you feeling dude
I got no clothes to wear are we supposed
to be going out with I'm supposed to go
so I don't know told uh there was a
third kid I thought oh he was standing
behind you okay you good you're good it
is fun with the water guns I guess you
don't got no clothes at all I have no
clothes at all I think he could spray
your brake well we'll try to figure out
even where my size I were oh you're
still doing it I can't hate you bro I
think you hate me
did he say yes or no he's not saying it
right now we are planning out a meal
guys these guys have never had checkers
number dad's favorite play all right dad
fair place in the whole world they've
never been let's review it just read it
out I got here I want to hear the order
go ahead next video yeah there's a
garlic buttery steak burger famous
cheese and fries a big box garlic arm
wait look at this Jill just show it kid
he had no may on the burgers
oh yeah but no male on the burgers so
yeah they have never Bend you guys it
originally started like it was like okay
this gonna cover it and we start getting
into orders like yeah
get up we should we got so much guys
they never had it we're going to show it
first hop eating checkers you excited
hell yeah you ain't moved from that
chair like 45 minutes
what do you want I know you've been
prone just sitting there I don't know
where you don't you want to take my hand
there you go tie you up before we shoot
off these fireworks I wanted to take a
minute to tell you a reason why my
neighbors hate me because tonight
they're gonna hate me even more because
tonight we shooting up some fireworks
I don't care how late it is wake up I'm
just joking I'm not really that rude but
still my neighbors don't like us you
guys these by the way that's what that
was oh I'll just stomp on them I'll be
honest I thought I had to show because
there was that scream scream at 10:40
sister guy walk over here real quick
my my neighbor let me get in this room
so oh I'll be back
uh-huh so guys my neighbor's hate me and
it goes back to the hurricane when the
hurricane came we didn't have no power
and so we were using a generator and
they were using one too and when we
finally turned two hours off the guy
whose generator is still going started
screaming was about that time and I was
like yo damn not necessary he hated us
now let's fast-forward to a rocky
history up into a couple of months ago
when we hired security so guys we had
security at our house because some stuff
that was going on and they called the
cops on our security because they
thought we were spying on them the guy
comes up to the car with a shotgun and
he aims it at him I could blast you for
invasion of privacy and he was going to
kill them folks because he thought they
were spying our neighbors hate us okay
one day I was checking the me on they'd
pass wildling are you doing sir and he
can't send word cuz of the apocalypse
but he said you know like he's
challenging me he wants to fight so guys
my neighbor hates us now I can enter
back into here oh wait so like you can't
hear me at there I'm going to come
closer to the dope guys the neighbor
hates us so now we're going to shoot
some fireworks off so
no we're shooting them up on before are
you guys it's time for our neighbors to
learn that we're shooting off fireworks
on before yes warning shot
it's 11 o'clock at night you two might
walk over with a shotgun oh my gosh
can't go back now we shot two more you
guys kamerad it and turn it out but we
do got one more you're going to do if
the neighbors come out right what I'm
like how like ma'am could you calm down
ionizing now that's my
get-out-of-jail-free core performance
right like I'm sorry was this your
parking space I think I'm out of here
wait no I'm not I think there is so much
food in here dude don't let the size
fool you fry
thank you do there's so much stuff drink
I think it's one of our juniors Brits
Omaha and have it also corner yes she
did get to manage it I know you good he
there's other people do you like you
tell me I can't talk no more who's good
thanks to call your luck which new hires
ever to eat there only your position
we're bad newbie outro but first as its
first taste those five guys are wait now
five God of checkers
I look good
how's your son good mmm
now this is the reason you go try them
fries either bar the bar guys you don't
got a checkers you need to go to
checkers first three here get out of
them what you think ya know Nellie
Wendy's fries but I put these above me
oh yeah they're like the best prize in
the better about vodkas oh yeah they are
so guys checkers
holla thank you for like the glasses and
stuff what else you got them just every
man exactly right delicious
we're doing the outro now first taste of
checkers I'll take a bomb - what does
that milkshake caramel cheesecake I
don't know what this is it wasn't water
the watermelon kool-aid slushy delicious
tea my gentleman sir
it does this is so good we're about to
do the out for you guys but I think was
just eating his burger like he was named
drop yeah yeah oh yeah oh yeah do all
right we'll get it close that's good
closer real quick see you all there
just a buck got that mouse back bunch
death rows back just like you get a
superficial I can't do the super fit
like hey listen man just head how can
you not do the superficial if you can
get it I'll just give you the
superficial you're superficially you
guys do you on the spot now you can do
it
superficial move you keep digging it hey
listen man oh man we're all you're all
dainty are pointy I'll go a wise I mean
there's your point
yes Ben do the hey listen here I was
good though huh today hey listen it was
harmonious
well that's going to be after today you
guys thanks for watching this is a
Bridget free outro she's out there hang
out with Nicole and Isaac and all them
and I got to do an outro right now
because this vlog is as of right now is
12:30 I gotta get this thing off so guys
thanks for watching
Isaac I had no idea was going to show up
I'm just sitting there asleep and I come
up I start cleaning the house a little
bit and then I hear and like who is at
my door and I see if I think like dude
what why are you here guys the whole
story that I can't get into it
Isaac is here guys thanks for watching
long day thanks for watching on a
serious note thank you guys so much for
all the love and support these past
couple of days it's meant everything to
my family hopefully now we can start
moving on and just growing back together
as a family at least you know all of us
that are still involved so thanks for
watching you guys spend a bumpy couple
of days thank you guys for sticking with
us I love you guys so much like
subscribe subscribe remain free
the
