what's going on you guys kid behind a
camera here and this video was actually
starting at 8 o'clock all the other
stuff that I thought I'm going to put up
tomorrow because things changed in the
midst of filming this and now it's
turned into another response video and I
did not want to I thought I was done
responding to my brother you're right
you're right you're right mean that got
it you're right guys earlier today
Bridget and I come here prove it all
right
earlier tonight Bridget and I felt bad
for Charlie even after he did this to
her face the other glasses even after he
messed her face up we felt bad for him
and so Bridget came up with the idea to
get him into an extended-stay hotel and
we were going to pay for it until August
when we would drop charges and let them
move to Pennsylvania when you want to
drop charges we just wanted to extend
the no contact order because that's all
we want is to be left alone by this guy
because he assaulted my girlfriend he
destroyed my property and we just wanted
to not be contacted and so we were going
to get them extended facial August and
he uploads the video saying oh I don't
deserve any of this and he's crying and
then when the video has ended you can
see him switch out a character right in
front of your very eyes he's crying he's
like thank you guys so much peace he
drops out of character right away you
guys that's how you can tell when
somebody's being crocodilian when
they're being fraudulent and he starts
posting hope I was so bad and I did
anything wrong why would they get me a
place to stay because we felt bad for
you
and then he started posting accusations
about dad because Kimberly posted an
accusation about him something that none
of us and our family knew about Charles
and Jennifer when they were 9 and 10
years old at a friend they might be
violent out
so that's what this vlog is about to be
and I'm really sorry you guys but at
this point if you share subscribers me
and Charlie chill I would like you to
unsubscribe from this channel because I
don't want that toxicity on my channel
anymore
I don't want shared subscribers with
this guy anymore he's sick
he's written out of my life I'm done
this is the intro here's the rest of the
blog I don't want to tell everybody
brought havin a good time I told you
early that I felt bad for my brother and
I got a my extended stay
and if you watch this vlog he was like
saying oh I don't deserve it
thank you to them and now he's telling
people on Facebook that just all kinds
of lies and the reason he's doing is
because my sister just posted something
and I really I had to take it part to
tell him how sorry I am
she's told a story about when she was
younger and nervous do about it
kill up there just go but she posted
about it and now he kind of deflect her
guys I'm glad that this I can't talk
about this he just sent this message to
Jennifer so you can see a little bit of
what he's like for real you told Mike to
admit his shit and he lied which yet
what what did I lie about then I just
wore my own pool house did I hit Bridget
in the face did I give the boys drugs
and alcohol or basically he's going to
tell people that dad molested somebody
so guys there's what he's saying
that's his threat say what you want you
drug-addicted
alcoholics I'll see you in court so
basically that in a nutshell what's
happening here is either we tell
everybody that we made everything up
which we're not doing which is why we're
recording this because we're not doing
that we're not liars you're not going to
make a say we are because by trying to
scare us that doesn't work but so either
we admit that we lied admit we lied or
he's going to tell he's going to ruin
your image each other but of your
childhood westeros dogs or whatever it
is that's his energy once I know that's
why I'm doing this right here cuz I
don't care he has a thing with cousin so
because he said the same thing about me
yeah Bridget has a thing for her cub
what yeah yeah and we're going to get to
show my house yesterday right
yeah good a good were to go yeah I would
never say anything about it about you
you've never been anything but good try
to help me and now this huh he's got
like a split personality
yeah I'm actually kind of I don't feel
badly why do you my last $30 you know
Bridget felt bad because of sleeping on
the street and so we went got in town
sweet for him and this is how we were
paid up by saying all this stuff there
will not be a second week there no fines
getting thrown out of the first week I
would do it I know I'm really shocked
i I don't even know what to say we made
it we made everything up is Jacob here
yes hey Jacob come here buddy what is it
charlie
he he gave me something to smoke what
was it I don't know
but tell us know it how old are you know
carinii use of the snow did you do
anything else what what dear
are you doing bitter because you told me
that
so we lied we lied there's the kid right
there now buddy you better you're going
to have to explain that to the
Department of Social Services did you
judge me in report did you - remember we
told your therapist about the buter
stuff right
did you tell her about the rest of stuff
of oil mm-hmm
so it is documented yeah does they leave
it documented by you so no we're not
liars we come with evidence you would
you gave a kid alcohol you get jaded
come here you do anything to you now
like sometimes I'm like play my games
when all just promise to tell itself in
our wieners Oh
remember when you were living with me
and Thanksgiving what is what did he say
and you didn't smell even or what this
is no big - funny movie and that
happened to you or I could use no matter
what I did say there's a lot I said I'm
not gonna end up like you
you said that yes Ted Thompson have
anybody do you remember that day that
you're know who busted will give you
support and stuff yeah how did that
happen when me and Jake was playing
outside and he came out touched in to
the door goofy when I'll say more about
a giver who's he
who did it to you Charlie
you try to you try to tell us oh he
slips into the washing machine is that
what happened you know what happened
these things need to do it slammed you
through the door my question the ladies
all I remember we're sitting over here
you guys and almost I'm here James R
Johnson ah we come in and there's
notices busted and if you want
acknowledgement that Charlie actually
admits to doing it
check out this screenshot yeah you're
right dude it was bad judgment somebody
let you stay but you kind of held a gun
to our head not literally by the way get
out of I told you do something to do
that I don't care anymore do you and I
thought out this I kicking out slam them
into doors making them smoke threatening
to fight them you were a pariah
I don't let the wisdom of that book how
the business 13 out but they wouldn't
come kill me they were afraid I'm
telling him ever
I will melon everyone else to do with
him again either do I've done now with
all this stuff
dad's getting sicker I'm not going to
let you kill my father so dad I will not
bring you any more of these drama
anymore cuz you understand I can't I
can't afford it he comes in he will be
showing off probably a few breasts he's
not allowed back in the property you get
you that on this video you're not
allowed that property you've got verbal
warnings three you have to work all this
stuff don't film this no fellas no I
will this bill it is too much no no no
they need to know what got a guy you
really just don't sister
the Maharaja Hugh I do give him
I bet you know you don't forget your
kids man but if you don't know what's
going on you hey it is not your fault
either
I didn't suck it now it's not your fault
either y'all can't control what a
monster did you know fuck is this
it was like a hit I don't care what
happens in math I read on his belly he's
a fuckin I did everything here's a lot
on everybody in this family they think
I'm not acting what's happening he
thinks you step on people you'll step up
you don't care who you step one to step
up I think that if I told you and Stefan
nobody going up but you can beat them
same people coming down two guys Kim are
we talking about this if she put it up
yet yes those elbows is Kim just told us
and then now Jennifer the Charles and
one of his friends forced themselves
onto both of my sisters hey you I won't
put this up general if you don't want me
to know I had some pasta do you want me
to put this up or not
because I won't what did dad charlie
I always fucking love you you're my best
friend
sorry this is what fucking sick all
right
you'll get better Nick huh mm-hmm hope
you're happy boy hope you happy to see
how the pure Buick hated prisoners
family there's a lot to the families not
every favor anymore right get it come on
let's just uh turn on it all hey we
should dig with should do what I don't
know man
we want to talk about this yeah we want
to talk about it
we're just going to talk about it this
is real life I just don't know which we
know as or either you know it all in
note to the photo
I lied nothing from them nothing I will
put AB hold it out there this isn't all
about money anyway this no it's all
buddy I'm just saying it's about right
what if what if Jennifer doesn't
Jennifer do you want us to put this up
well of course we know for everybody
else you should know what the fuck she
is
well there you go and I guess I'm off if
she's okay with it then I don't got an
option no you other top tell you it I
don't know why tear screw him dude he
deserves to see disgusting because it
install it is very sad very very sad I
just don't want people to know that
about my brother I know I agree with
what they have to know okay I will buy
you this note everything the goods bad
and ugly everything it's just this is
like really some ugly hard anything from
them they know everything about my life
never know this okay
we're on a pizza you want bud you ice up
everything just stop running
hey Jenny coming please you need to eat
girl just sitting there for an hour I
know it sound funny
hello my robbery you don't be hiding in
instead of your own eyes hold on we'll
keep you company
I'm really sorry that you guys have to
be a witness to this new pan guys and
you guys got to see our family fall
apart like this but you know you gotta
kick out the bad wood so you can heal
and get better and I don't like seeing
them please please try for like three
years
we tried to help them guys I'm sorry
what you have to see that it didn't work
it doesn't always work out so I'm really
sorry you guys
he was away
