what's going on you guys kid be on
camera here here right there and today
I'm really really close to snapping you
guys it's really hard to make this video
for number one number one you're never
going to see Charlie in any of our
videos again if that's something that
you don't like
you should probably unsubscribe because
I don't want it he's not in my life ever
again after tonight and I'm going to let
you guys know what happened I'm gonna
tell you the whole story it starts with
the first time he got thrown out of
dad's house which act you guys were all
witness to that right Charlie got kicked
out of Dad's house and I didn't want to
have to tell this but screw it now it's
coming out he got kicked out of dad's
house because he was giving drugs and
alcohol to a nine-year-old boy maybe
eight I don't know how gel I don't know
how I'll Jacob is he was given drugs and
alcohol to an eight nine year old boy
and threatening him if he didn't take it
and we came over who smelled it on his
breath Charlie had to go guys this was
that yeah you think I didn't film it but
this was Charlie getting thrown out of
dad's house and then with Jimmy I know
you can tell I just want to finish I'm
thinking town man Jacob was acting funny
that's what I thought I was like okay
what cooked egg back like this before so
I had Jacob come out here and I asked
Jacob I said what to Charlie give you in
the Remini fake juice that tasted like
alcohol and a little weak you know wrong
again and why would he just straight
tell us he took it he took it dude I'm
not gonna argue no he came in he's like
I knew we came into says any Hills I cut
it how do you know yeah because a turkey
are the man what means that they went
into my fucking room and grabbed a
fucking beer and drank the motherfucker
and it is by bad because I brought it in
I brought it in to now
and if he doesn't want me here than fine
I'll go dude but I'd be I can't go
through switch on it's not a way it's
not a witch a witch hunt is challenging
people that aren't witches it's not a
witch hunt if you're doing it well dude
I'm working my hand saw something but
but what's wrong - sorry
what's wrong with the art look yeah but
he did it no I dad and why would you do
that was that a little bit without a
bunch of fucking wood how did you watch
it move in it in 10 minutes no dad Saudi
now that is Charlie sitting on his
fucking ass all day early helping he
says onions it about up to this what the
Google draft gun outside it tell me true
he's not no reason July why would I do
this we'll be giving the boys up I
didn't give them buddy and say oh yo
Charlie is right here get in front of
all of us yes why
that's a good question why why you know
you got to bet Bobby's sorry
I can't have that here where you can
figure you can take your your parts and
start a time
I did yeah you do she knows I'm going
back the idea was for him to be gone
then but there was such a severe
backlash from you guys saying oh you
need to help Charles you need to help
Charles but I thought maybe I do need to
help Charles maybe we should have just
cast them aside right but he has such a
horrible history that I knew something
bad was going to happen anyway but
against my better judgment I let you
guys dictate what I did and I let him
stay in the pool house and what a
horrible decision because ever since
then he's been drinking every night he's
been starting crap every night
he doesn't just go to his Facebook and
see he's threatening to kill people oh
I'm going on a road trip and I'm gonna
stab this person I'm going to kill this
first time I knock your teeth out of
their mouths he became unhinged and it
was really bad you guys really really
bad I should have just told you guys
right away when he was giving my nephew
alcohol and drugs I should have told you
right then you know that that's my fault
the problem with that is you guys know
our history you know all the battles we
go through we just got off one there's
always something going on and I never
know why it's we're always battling
somebody and you guys were giving us a
bunch of grief because of it I was like
we can't afford another battle so maybe
we can handle it internally so against
my better judgment I let him stay here
and I really shouldn't have done that
I'm just going to fast forward this or
you guys too today
aside from him drinking every night in
starting trouble every night today we
get to the house and he's running around
the heart the yard naked and I go to see
if he's okay and he gets in my face and
started screaming and I took off into
the house my sister called 9-1-1 and
they came out and they went to check on
him and he admitted to them that he was
doing LSD and apparently it looked like
he was trying to burn his finger off or
something or burn the pool house down or
i really don't know what he was doing
but it was bad this is some of the clips
that I took when the police came earlier
to get Charlie
I've done nothing I'm snow quick shell
Michael history house is loose your
property they're going to change if you
act like this what am i doing
I don't you destroyed the pool house you
started you got in my face and started
screaming I don't want to try to bring
you something to eat Weaver this is not
a someone who fake videos unplug not an
hour ago when I tried to bring you
something to eat you tried to launch at
me I'm not trying I'm the time Michael
I'm scared I'm scared to death of you
right now
let me give me hug please no I'm going
please all we need to do is get on the
grass they're not try to take you please
take me to the hospital your hands fuck
up I think of this one finger oh my god
one finger no see what you did deed if I
don't get her like earnings go to jail
what I did then I drop acid I didn't do
anything did I you're the one that
fucking put all my shit out over the
fucking Internet that wind really want
to put my shoe your fucking father right
- goddamn fucking cousin you are able to
roll out addict do it you do it can i
press charge it for praising the pool
house clean eyes I'm gonna put it off go
ahead
yo he invited me so I did I invited him
because I thought he wasn't a drug
addict can i press charges for swearing
my pool house is nucentra Norge okay
trial came out of Raymond okay I'm sorry
my property
I was hoping that he would go to the
hospital and come back sober and we
could talk about it but that's not what
happened about two hours later Bridget
and her dad are in the pool house
cleaning it because he freaking
destroyed it as if any of it belongs to
him that's it you had to work for
anything that he's got here what for a
thing that he had I handed him every
damn bit of it you're welcome
you alcoholic drug addict I had him
everything so he comes back two hours
later to the pool house that belongs to
me that he wrecked and I hear screaming
I'm editing a video and I hear screaming
so I can walking out and that's when I
seemed hit Bridget and that is when I
snap I came rushing up I had the camera
I was going to film this I came rushing
up and I was going to beat the hell out
of them straight up I was going to beat
the hell out of them and I noticed he
has this shard of glass which means he's
going to try to stab us he's clearly
still high and clearly doesn't know what
he's doing maybe we should just get the
hell in the house so I tell Bridget
let's go 9:00 my one he punched you in
the face let's get out of here as we're
leaving he starts screaming into
Bridget's phone as if we're recording
and starts screaming oh ain't a
Grandpa's a molester
Bridget's a lesbian we have sex with our
animals and he what he likes to do folks
is scare us into being submissive to him
well not anymore say whatever you want
sorry Clyde yeah I'm pissed you guys we
go in we're going into the house to call
911 and Bridget turns on the camera
because he's following us but he's going
to attack us
so I'll punch your fat ass again so she
starts recording and this is a piece of
that get the fuck out any stupid stinks
cut oh no bad oh no I'm good oh no are
you sending your fucking oh my that's
why you would your scalp anymore fucking
homeless alcoholic genius fuck your
puzzle
so we call 911 first thing he tries to
do is tell 9-1-1 that I destroyed the
pool house even though they were here
earlier watching him destroy the pool
house he's telling people that I
destroyed this phone he told people that
preferred to have sex with her cousin
yeah okay everybody has a thing for
their cousin apparently does Charlie
yeah dad's molested our cousin bridges
having sex with her I'm having sex with
Bella guys he's going to say a lot of
stuff and it makes me happy that we have
the real fans out there that are going
to know the difference between real and
fake okay you guys know the truth that's
who we love he's fooled a lot of people
including us he tries to tell people oh
that's the old me well you guys can see
now that he hasn't changed the damn bit
he's the same alcoholic same drug addict
same child abuser same asshole
so that's Charlie chill that what
happened today he's arrested we are
pressing charges whatever charges we
compress we're pressing it cuz I'm done
with them he got sort of uploading porn
to his YouTube channel that is if that
stuff needs to be flagged just
disgusting so that's where we are you
guys today my brother got drunk and high
and destroyed my property hit my
girlfriend in the past he verbally abuse
our Father gave me drugs and alcohol on
my nephew and that's a role model
fasting people who supposed to look up
to
you're gonna ruin your father's life by
telling people that he's a child
molester if he was a child molester he
wouldn't have custody of four grandkids
and saying an accusation like that is
going to lead to an investigation which
at 66 years old is the last thing that
he needs he is going to be investigated
for the most disgusting heinous crime
and there's nothing that we can do but
we have to just watch as my dad answers
these disgusting questions because
Charlie's mad at us because Charlie's
mad he has the right to make up the most
disgusting lies that he can think of and
that is disgusting you are disgusting
dude it's stuff like that why he's going
to die alone folks and I hate to say
that he's my brother no he's not you
guys don't even know half of the hist
you guys don't know half the story his
he totally burned the bridge I didn't
talk with him for four years one time
because he was saying the same stuff on
Facebook he was calling at a time
molester on Facebook four years ago so
you know why dude run your mouth I don't
care i honest to god don't care if
running your mouth loses us every
subscriber because as long as I don't
have to deal with you anymore that's
fine I've had my I've had my fill with
Charlie green being in my life it's over
dude our relationship is absolutely over
if I die of a heart attack I don't want
you come into my funeral and I mean that
wholeheartedly I don't want you coming I
don't want you there the relationships
separate you can only forgive people
with so many times and the line is some
of the bullcrap that you're saying now
Bridget have sex with a cousin I have
sex with my dog I'm sorry for screaming
you guys I'm sorry for being out of
control I'm just really angry right now
number one that he thinks he has the
right to try to destroy the channel that
I built because he wants to be the only
one making money on YouTube number two
that he seems to think that he can
manipulate you guys enough to make you
believe anything they as he says that
he's got you eating out of the palm of
his hand guys
the ego that's going on with him
is the biggest problem once he got a
hundred thousand subscribers he has been
comparing himself to Kurt Cobain like oh
now I know why Kurt Cobain killed
himself because he had all this power
when he was leaving dad's house oh don't
worry I won't use this power for evil oh
don't worry I'm not going to do that I
won't use the power that I've got bro
you're not Kurt Cobain you film yourself
with a phone okay you're you're you're a
youtuber okay you were in no way
associated with Kurt Cobain and you
should be ashamed of yourself for
thinking otherwise okay you were a
youtuber the ego is really out of
control he thinks he made us now he
thinks that we owe him everything he
says that he has the power to destroy us
well destroy us dude okay say whatever
you want to say make up whenever you
want to make up you had a shitty
childhood absolutely and you were a
shitty son you have terrorized us our
entire lives you guys do not know the
real Charlie he physically abused that
he verbally abused that he physically
abused Bridget today he gave drugs and
alcohol to a nine-year-old boy he
dropped acid in the pool house you don't
know the whole history and I'm not going
to tell you the whole history you guys
get the idea we don't talk he's not he
was in our lives for years for a reason
now it's for good this time it's final
last time I talked to him for four years
this time I'll never talk to him again
it's over never again are he and I going
to speak to each other unless it's going
to court a law guys that's going to be
it I'm sorry for yelling I had to get up
you guys I've been sitting for too long
oh you know I just want to say thank you
to all you that do stay it means
everything to us if you want to
unsubscribe because Charlie's not
involved anymore sorry to see you go but
it's a necessary step because he's gone
so thanks for watching you guys I don't
seem to like and subscribe stuff because
I don't want to thank you guys so much
thanks for watching success that this
happened there's gonna be more coming
off from it from his side but I'm done
with it I'm done with him it is what it
is Bridget I'm really sorry to happen to
you well I should have done something
and so there's a coward for not I didn't
want you to go to jail
I know you I know you forgot her yeah
thanks for watching you guys
