I feel like Mike doesn't carry anything
I'm doing the trash and doing everything
you know I did straight-armed it the
milk straight army although you're going
with this no no you said you didn't want
to stop straight arm it wrong he's not
gonna do it you can quit
it's up French not Warren I am too
I'm gonna miss her Laurens gone dad's
gone
like if Jennifer and kid jumped on the
kids leave next time they better not I
don't that that's right who knows dude I
can't happen that won't happen
why don't like crappy stuff gonna keep
happening I don't know I'm really gonna
miss her straight Armand you know I can
you found something in your mouth my god
yeah you guys wait on it someone walks
up and says straight arm it you have to
just like put your arm up like his
straight arm
Wyatt yeah well it's so weird you got to
do with your cereal dude what what yeah
bro that's the rules when someone tells
you to spray tournament you have to do
it why I'm gonna do that with cereal
it's the rules you have you see how you
would do a cereal you you have to do it
I have to do it yeah absolutely
he has to do you know that I'll do it
all right
this is encouraged we are so getting him
back he doesn't made a huge mess
he just brought my ramen I was wearing
the shirt for a week now oh dude hey
that's the second Dell Mike's gonna
cancel this week
what's going on you guys kicked me out a
camera here for to us he yeah right
there and today is Thursday and today I
clean up nice don't I you know yes you
do
I can't believe I just dumped a bowl of
cereal on my face how is that a
challenge it was very funny apparently I
was supposed to open my mouth and pour
it in there but you never explained that
to me without guys today it's Thursday
today we're going to get something to
eat yeah and we're getting you back
we're getting them back
seriously event yeah straight arm it
follow the one here's the thing Matt but
the alarm set the doors are locked you
gotta wear what you're wearing we're
going out to get some burgers you look
like you pissed yourself
revenge how you doing Matt
I'm so look at my pants turn this off
there's a couple of air vents back there
you ready to get a burger yes just got
to way back burger and dude just peed
myself oh my god we got to make an
agreement here that we don't do it to
each other here I'm not making not agree
bro
ain't no baby safe nobody's safe bro I'm
safe cuz I ain't doing it what happens
if you don't do eight you lose bro I
lose what exactly you lose everything
I think Oh Matt is just chilling here's
all the random water droplets all over a
jacket up at all I'm just still like
dude like she caught in the rain like
what happened it's like dude what did I
get myself into because I'm not gonna do
it to you
oh I was almost about to do it to you
see but I have respect okay all right I
have appreciation I don't he's really
risking it all there oh my gosh I don't
know you better have some but I'm gonna
take a sip don't do it me
it's down it's oh it's down sir no I
won't do it I want a ball no I'm good
I'm good
come straight out of usually I'm the
first one that finishes eat like every
time we go somewhere I finish in record
time this to finish his burger in a
minute
yeah I'm really fast I was super hungry
bro it was really good though yeah this
place is really good What's Wrong yeah
way back way back yeah this place is
bomb if you ever got our way back check
a dude so good but really I actually
yeah you're really fast because I didn't
want to get hit with the straight arm it
oh oh my god
dude I can't do it you have to it's
against our old if you don't or you'll
lose and it requests on Oh No
fuck Michael you got this
he thought it would be funny to make me
drop a burger on my face and yeah it was
kind of comical it was but but nothing
happened I got mustard on my clothes
however Matt isn't the process
of ordering a milkshake so get ready for
a little parking lot action bro we'll
look at this burger up here the triple
triple do that is the triple bypass
burger okay yeah I feel like I would
have a heart attack halfway into that
thing dude I don't feel like I'm gonna
have a heart attack looking at it yeah
that's me every morning I wake up stop
it dude I got an idea you have an idea
oh good lord one of what now okay so we
got the right battle right ya rabb that
was coming up yeah hold on to your hat
for this one okay
enough I'm prepared the loser has to eat
this thing I mean I'm down bro I could
eat it I'm not gonna lose so it doesn't
really matter
your gibberty to eat a triple triple
okay all the time now with this if you
don't finish it you got to do a front
flip to the pool with your clothes on
and it's freezing bro easy bro I'm not
gonna lose so I don't care smack the
like by the people not seeing you guys
the best losing this right back oh you
better lose this crap packet yo Matt
what'd you think about the food boy
probably just oh good how's that
milkshake
don't listen straight arm it area I'm
very serious
oh do I God do it oh no oh my god bro
what did you just do
got it dude you take this straight are
these stuff way too seriously bro bro
it's against the rules to stop oh dude
look a bird like a giant bird just shit
all over you do me a pterodactyl yo do
bat we're going to the grocery store you
know you gotta I gotta change no oh my
goodness right there dude he has
committed
I dropped a burger on my face and it
bounced do you just pour milk shake all
over you thank you son you are screwed
what a napkin dude he is committed wrong
it makes you feel better this was
definitely premeditated the second you
got up to get your milkshake I was like
yeah this is happening you're an asshole
dude there's no way even there's no way
I wear this shit nice shirt
let's just agree to stop so nothing
happens to me today
oh dude absolutely not anything you back
for that please don't no I am getting
you back so we were in the grocery store
and Matt has covered a milkshake still
how's it feel pretty horrible yeah well
after we leave here we think we're gonna
go check out like downtown Charleston it
sounds perfect
we're not really gonna do that but I
find a day like this - oh is that knock
on me I couldn't find a date oh you're
my girlfriend you're not my date those
are two different people
all right no really blue milk we should
get two milks why it was like this hey
can I go hey what's up wanna give this
Mikey buy me that it's a dollar you got
it oh yeah
yeah what Michael knows milk dude this
guy drinks a ton of hill village yeah we
went to where was that like Shoney's he
had two glasses of red quit yeah
turnaround was just short of your jacket
dude look at his jacket is cover turn
your head it's bent it turn your head
the other way oh this way towards me I
think there's some of my here yeah so
about the Phil oh good somebody knows
you want to go ahead and stop this
challenge now absolutely not all the
bags Mike doesn't carry anything I'm
doing the trash and doing everything you
know I did straight-arm it the milk
straight arm no no you said you didn't
want to stop straight arm it wrong well
do you regret tell me about this game oh
I'll get this bro I regret nothing you
sure you want to just call it quit now
dude you know what now we're gonna call
it quits now we don't quit until
tomorrow well I'm gonna get you tonight
when you least expect it when you think
you're okay in that moment the calm
before the storm
the silence I'm coming for you okay oh
no we're not we're not gonna cover the
lens should I get a laughing up it off
I'm not gonna carry or eat or drink
anything for the
tonight what you think all right Matt
you want to go and go on your knees and
scrub this up right now Matt is actually
taking a shower you guys he's covered in
milk and can we turn off Cuba turn off
the hot water oh yeah pretty low okay
now Matt's taking a very cold shower so
now that that's out of the way I wanted
to take a quick scene real quick you
guys to update you on Lauren because in
yesterday's vlog if you didn't see it
she announced that she was leaving and
dude makes me really sad I'm gonna miss
her I guess there's some stuff going on
at her house or grandma's not doing well
her mom wants her home and at the same
time there's probably something in her
that wants to leave because she wakes up
in the bed every day that she was you
know she shared with that and that's
gotta be hard it's hard enough for me to
go visit so you guys are aware she has
not left yet she is actually gonna be
leaving tomorrow so tomorrow's vlog is
going to be good bye Lauren but try not
to cry but if I do I'm gonna say some of
this stuff now you know Lauren you know
we're gonna miss you a lot
you did something for my dad that you
know a lot of us wouldn't have been able
to do and you made him really happy and
you were there for me till the very end
so you're always gonna be family to us
sorry to see you go and don't be a
stranger
yeah yeah missing we're gonna miss you
Lauren that's tomorrow
these are exactly what I need right here
oh I know right me too don't ask don't
ask questions I'm like I want to ask a
single question
don't ask you don't even know then makes
me want to start asking questions
actually you don't want to know any
answers trust me yo Matthew - how was
your shower with piping like the hot
waters out there
oh speaking of Bridgette you want to go
in the hot water back yeah I'll do that
by keeping this gigantic 8 2 pounds in
again right in the fridge could be a
fine room there's no bullets or just get
some ice or you're slacking brothers
wait this is gonna make a huge mess in
the kitchen yeah I will not allow it
No so where's you got to cut this one
off we're not doing this you're
definitely doing it I can't do it inside
dude do it I don't know if you fart no
Matt just stinks shower stinks I'm not
doing this one what are you definitely
doing this
it was it outside or something do it
like in the shower you have to do it I'm
gonna shower now I told you on my side
Bridgette said are you gonna do it
you're not really gonna make you do this
all you're doing it come on do it
how many did I want to progress see we
gotta do that smart brow look you gotta
do it where she can't get out of this no
do it
oh okay oh my god
yeah
