Aaron it for pros means well thank you
hi we're rich
wait there there might have been more
than four let's count
hello six
what does six mean extra well six
Courtney's dead why really you can get
on it gone
holy crap don't be shocked didn't see my
face it's the curse
not really it's just me it's really
funny having a little death at the mask
what look at the dead holy can I've done
but it's really coming together
it feels so different to walk on it's
not bending when we walk guys I know
this a way problem now it's a freaking
old duck problem and it's an overweight
problem whatever he has made highs yeah
this is the progress on the deck whoa
what is nice oh we should do some rails
now move our rails first anyway what the
curse back of my face okay
cut that out actually you know speaking
of the curse we do got something to talk
about what's going on you guys can be on
a camera here free to us here right
there and today is Wednesday guys today
is Wednesday today I want to talk about
a picture that Bridget took which has
terrified me I can't sleep because of it
it's scary this is the picture right
there is our yard filled with crows and
I can only imagine that in some universe
crows are a bad omen they just have to
be it's crows I can see it people talk
about crows throughout history Edgar
Allen Poe come on
that was a raven it was a raven yeah I
wasn't talking about the raid when I was
talking about another poem he's had to a
friend about a crow at some point I mean
me I don't know about it oh yeah his
Edgar Allen Poe's real name first name
Frank you would think that no Michaelis
Ed Koch okay I've had
this guy I tried to trick or anything
see I'm the biggest Pope and not in my
book and I got it in ain't nope I know I
have an Edgar uh-huh yeah that's yours
because I bought it for you wait a
minute it's not the same book yeah we
have two copies of this talk you out of
huge fans at your house so you needed
two copies of the best of Edgar Allen
has a black heart Gaius yeah don't I
know it
the funny thing is you can tell Bridget
immediately regretted saying she had a
black heart when she said it I have a
black heart why did I say that anyway
got Olympic an evil well maybe that's
what we have crows hanging around the
house guys are crows a bad omen I can
only imagine that they are I don't know
what it means let us know in the
comments section of crows are a bad omen
if you didn't see the blog we uploaded
yesterday by the way grandpa was not
having it I took him shopping total
meltdown here's some clips
close if you don't have a package stuff
the right way well I didn't do this
we figure there's no room for nothing
else man most of the stuff is you get my
cane let's go anyway
guys we're getting this Wednesday
started I'd be kind of scared about the
crows and I'm also going to give more to
myself but there's one little wispy gray
beard hair oh let me poke only get it
it's still there get it usually get it
or not
I saw something I got it you're hurting
me when he gets in get out of my face
did you get it but I was smiling like a
goof for transitional purposes you keep
talking me have you even bothered to
Google search crows I no not at all not
at all so you didn't even care
oh I didn't know what to look for being
a single crow is considered an omen of
bad luck so they're bad luck but there
is more than wine hon thank you
so really means extra bad luck hold on
finding two crows however means good
luck
well three Co three crows means help
here it it four crows means well Thank
You crows we're rich wait there there
might have been more than four we'll
count
hello six
what does six mean extra well six crows
means death
what okay uh uh no show me oh yeah here
liar was I say unblurred witnessing six
crows me death is nearby
what are the odds it will be six crows
supposed to be completely stare down
again hold on six crows folks we mean
weed affair to be completely fair zone
neighbor's yard
technically spotted by you
it says witnessing six crows means death
is nearby not if six crows are in your
yard you witness six crows death is
nearby something Bad's coming thanks
Bridget am I gonna die
are you being serious no guys it's just
a coincidence that it sticks I don't
know I'll be honest are we gonna die are
you being for real I don't know check
out the deck what you think nice dead
man y'all going out tonight
alright come back plants coming back I'm
going out for a night I'm gonna stay a
night out I ain't goin I ain't come back
and go back in that house tonight I'm
just gonna take the night off I just got
to go out of got to get out I've got to
get away for a while first things first
reevaluate how you word things I ain't
coming back I know my god die man what
do you need things have just been tense
around over there and stuff Bayless and
flipping out I'm sleepwalking again last
night
again I don't take yep so run around
running around the house what does that
mean alright you'll see I'll show to you
I tried to run out the house so thank
goodness alright maybe I need to get out
for the night you know I know chime go
up go up again dead tribute concert
before house yeah so that's it man I'm
up we'll go ahead make guys need to get
out for a little bit man I think that's
what is I think you're scaring yourself
yeah maybe you're psychic loud I will
say hard as you gonna hear this because
maybe I don't know oh holy go ahead I
not going back period I just bought it
six crows on the fence over there
we're looking at
six pros means death I felt like a
murder of crows like 13 or so a lot of
will get me that that's not a murder
them that's it comes home gone I'm going
on out here y'all y'all following a
little voodoo crap where I'm not have
fun with it I'm not I'm not having fun
neither by any means man I'm glad I
didn't dream about burning the house is
burning down last night
this is what are the odds that there's
six of them yeah that's a little strange
why can there be a car
he's already Li not got it I'm not a
burger over it oh great I'm ready to get
this stage get the priest and get it
taken care of your priest
seriously a priest my hand what kind of
priest going to come to our pool houses
and farms my body man so we'll find
somebody that is specialized in is where
you have to be like my Always Sunny in
Philadelphia find that presa with glassy
the body huh guys obvious seriously
we're gonna be able to find a priest
that comes to the pool house we can look
hey I'm not trying to slice women out
for nice and boy harder today
Grateful Dead tribute and hopefully you
just need a night off in that pool out
because it's poisoning to your your fear
its purpling you doing
go ahead Aries and bury that whore he
believed way to finish partner or
whatever variable or industry to make
that board good state will do it will
get what I got you will do it Barbara
I'll be others being it just be minute
one he's gonna be can okay bridges let's
give him and out for take him to the vet
guys lazy has been really sick for the
past like hour he's like I don't know
what's going on we had to put bail out
because she was like messing with him
he's fine I was like twitching
yeah he didn't want to get away from me
every way sees what something look to
his old self again
you okay boy say he's already better I
still want to take on can we just give
it 20 minutes you know five cents no
disease fine now look at this through
cause he's actually not feeling better
you guys so we're going to take him to
the vet uh what's wrong just worried
Bridgette worried about Wyatt he's first
he's fucking will be wrong he threw up a
little bit dogs could sing make me a
promise right now well it may be a
promise has nothing to do with the crows
what if it is for just please well I'll
give it to you lazy was throwing up here
sick
he's like a week late on vaccine to do
for them so we'll give him some vaccines
anything don't cry about it guys we are
going to the vet right now one bad thing
after the other Bella tries to run away
grandpa's got a rat loose in his
apartment now this was lazy it's just a
string of bad luck ready to go to bed
Oh miss breast things
he's like to throw up again is he oh my
gosh if he does I want to catch my camel
you know about the me I know smile video
so guys we're taking we're here we're
taking we're already out of that lazy
and Bridget seems to think he has parvo
any dozen what if she does he doesn't
he's already feel good I just will make
sure he was just throwing up and hats
like Alan say it well you know what I'll
talk it's the D word so so make sure D
word yeah well diarrhea
all right enough could be disgusting
is he doing better now though how I
don't know was one time you guys I gave
away via pepperoni couple guys and like
it was just weird
and look at he's like walking over here
I'm pretty sure that bet is on my side
that he does not parvo I'm pretty sure
what if he does or you have to chill
they took him back guys edition test
he'll be fine regular oh he was just a
little stick you guys I'm for sure to be
eight well you did give him a piece of
time chicken when coupla days ago only
three days ago four days ago maybe you
know Bridget if there's ever upper mama
you can be sure when up a but just that
one right there that's a mama tur has
been any but yeah but the moment or to
know what's going on back at Penn
Station guess what saying I hate yeah
I'm gonna spray everywhere
I was so home but I didn't have enough
oh no no that cab was not nodding at we
crack it just touched me here roll while
the vet just came in and said that lazy
had a mild seizure and he never had a
seizure before and that really makes me
sad
fine dude fine
it never happened before so that said he
doesn't mean to that because the
appointment okay his body is probably
really nervous because he doesn't know
what's going on donate
probably the cat's freaking out too
everything's fine
stomping don't please don't say there
were curse or something please
what if we are what if that's why he's
not president he's going to be fine the
doctor he said was mild he was just
shaking his head a little bit in a
little bit of saliva he's gonna be all
right
okay you were that green today oh no
legally I don't know put up choke number
what did they see you so we just got
lazy back and he does not have parvo
tall Joe good the seizure they say could
have been stress induced or maybe he got
into something in the house by the way
he's okay the curse is dead okay Bridget
he said he's okay me now Riley you're
okay you're okay huh now they're going
to give us some treats and we're going
to go home feel better
no no Owen has t-shirt she said was very
mild okay thanks for watching
we're back home right now lazy seems
like he's feeling a little bit better I
can't really tell I want to take a
minute really quick just I wanted to put
in perspective everything that's been
happening so since we messed with the
board I don't want to say what kind of
board it was anymore I like talking
about it but since then
lazy got sick I got sick
Bridgette got sick Charlie got sick dad
got sick
Doug God's sake Lauren got sick my
nephew's got sick my sister got sick
Charles has been sleepwalking and now he
I don't know he doesn't seem the same
and he's left who knows if he's even
coming back he says he might not come
back I think he's coming back but still
he has to get out and just to leave for
the night he doesn't want to be in there
anymore dad has a rat loose in his house
we saw bats flying over the house now
six crows it's like get starting to melt
up or like I can't say my anymore and I
don't like being challenged it's like I
want to deny it and it's getting harder
to do that what does all this mean you
guys I need I don't want to say that I
believe but I don't not believe anymore
just because so much bad luck has been
happening I bet there's stuff that I
missed because so much has been
happening just nothing but bad luck
lazy had a seizure Bela trying to run
away
that's right Belle to try to run away
last night Charlie was sleepwalking and
trying to get out of the pool house what
if he was trying to run I don't know
what's going on folks and I would love
to hear your perspective on things what
do you think's going on you know I was
laughing about the crow thing earlier
it's a coincidence we got six crows but
it is odd that we took a picture of six
crows and fixed crows means death is
nearby
I don't know whoa please I can't even
spin it if you're wondering that right
there is where the crows were at which
could it mean that our neighbors have
something bad coming or is it the fact
that Bridget saw them don't say that
I'm not saying that I believe I'm just
think it's weird is it not it is weird
just cuz I saw them doesn't mean
anything they could've just been six
birds
I mean is it what is he some like
sparrows or something like angels or
what is it
barrows huh so mote Red Birds or
something what red Cardinals are
supposed to be angels okay I don't know
all the secrets to bullcrap birds are
something of a sign I don't know I'm
just putting together lazy sick dad's
got a rat loose in this house there's
bats flying everywhere we all got sick
Bella tried to run away okay here's some
good news mom got her results back what
results she does not cancer what does
that mean she went got tested for cancer
I didn't know about this she's fine so
that's great news how come I didn't know
about this sooner
I thought I told you no you didn't left
out again I got a donee oh geez man well
that's good
no that's very good very good
good news Cindy I'm glad to hear that
well so that's good so I mean those
birds are probably meaningless hopefully
yeah I'm not saying they mean something
I'll just don't like it all piling up
the one I don't even get me harder to
deny and I don't like it you got to
think though how often our crow is just
chillin on our trees but that's what
it's no that's what I'm saying what I'm
trying to say is how often two crows
travel alone so you're likely to get
more than one coincidentally you took
six yeah I mean what if there's a dead
animal in those woods back there I'll
take Rosie dead animals do they as
vulture oh what's that look about you
saw vultures or sometimes thought they'd
seen bird all this time now I'm kind of
worried why are crows suddenly different
than vultures office of them they've
always been different this is not a
Mandela effect
crows and vultures have always been
different okay we got maybe a little toy
that's looking you feel better what do
you think yeah so check this off
it tells a bit of fortune to look in
those numbers if you're play up here
they are the fortresses I see more bark
boxes in your future oh my god ah oh my
G is gorgeous is one dog is going to be
healthy oh hey I can't lady I hope I got
it
you better have gone I don't think I got
it you did it that's more bad luck Alfre
at this one I'm starting to think seeing
Felix is a bad omen
we never see him at all so there he is
baby what do you know is piling up
please don't start shaking that tail
hey you don't buddy I will see the outro
wait a minute oh this is being good
outro that's going to be it for today
you guys thanks for watching Charles I'm
going to stay in touch with you man
out he's coming back he implied that oh
I'm staying god I don't think that's the
case but anyway hope you have a good
time did I man I'm willing to worry
father I'm very worried he's going out
to like a concert inside a bar and I
don't want to drink I'm worried for him
but anyway he probably long she was bad
less been going on this one anyway guys
that's going to be it for today thanks
for watching how to pretty no was not a
good day actually lady got sick and we
cried never he's been a horrible day oh
yeah serious news though about my mom
yeah that's great but there's probably
more bad news working around the corner
I'm gonna get out of here thanks for
watching like subscribe favorite
everything for us and that's it I love
you guys so much and what I'm trying to
say about the good news is if we were
really truly cursed
maybe her news would have been so good
yeah it's a good point
I just don't like that seriously I hate
like mad stop
