well I couldn't watch TV last night why
my cable went out the cable went out and
there's no reason
the bills paid will image you call them
yeah they did it does everybody out too
far
until I know what it is don't say it
that please down you brought bad luck on
what's going on you I just worked out
more instructors longer League and I
want to go talk to Charles go fast I
gotta ask him if anything weird happened
to him last night because last night was
probably one of the worst nights of my
life in a long time as you guys know
working on the deck right now and we
have to take the dogs out to use the
bathroom and battle-ax we don't use on a
leash because she's trustworthy and
suddenly she disappeared and we spent
about an hour looking for ah
so last night Bella got loose she was
gone that ballast that scared me guys
so we're working on the deck right now
wash it mom jolly
come on the slotted gap what the hell I
can't see in there always laying down
Charlie wake up
he's usually up by now folks like my 6
min warning yo-yo Charlie Charlie what's
going on you weren't moving
yeah I'm sleeping there could you want
out the door hey damn it dude I don't
mean to wake him up folks
he's usually up by now that freaked me
out dude
damn bro I thought something was wrong
with you lot of sick yesterday man you
have is it 9:30 or something I don't
even know anymore things up 10 actually
feels good you and we prefer it out man
you didn't cause all this hell on us
okay no I did not but what oh well it
I'm sleeping right there yeah you're not
moving right there I can see you laying
down that's where I heard the drift it I
wanted to see if I could have any dreams
oh man dude you're freaking out
yeah I am freaking out because
everybody's sending me all kinds of
stuff about the bats and the sicknesses
and I don't know what to do no more how
do you feel get a priest people is going
to freak out if I get a priest I can't
do bad you can do it how do you don't
get a priest this is interesting how do
you feel I feel a lot better
last night fricking Bella got loose and
really I had to run to the damn street
to get her well you gather all right
yeah I got her that's good I'm know what
else to do folks okay people are sending
me freaking me out you know I'm a
hypochondriac so people are sending me
stuff like oh the bats are bad omens
we're back it's in the house Satan
himself is coming after you man Ellis
Ruth you know why do we gotta have bats
flying over the house here's your
freaking you got a dark mark upon you
man that's Harry Potter Harry Potter
some people talk about that simple they
saw it on like like one of the
Paranormal Activity movies okay that's
just a Harry Potter symbol don't you
still look rough what's going on over
here
good I'm going to call 911 if you only
moving around up with you I don't know
I'm freaking unhinged now dude I've lost
it when you
cursing you is jump up and ChIP chip
cheerio I'm going to like that is I just
warning you've done you guys you've done
brought some stalkers upon me no I did
it guys are going out with dad today I
don't even know that we were riding off
he wants to talk to me about don't you
like that man see next year field even
look side up to me don't don't be the
other pessimistic optimist no or
optimistic pessimist whatever I'm an
agnostic I have to question everything
spiral out further I was about to leave
Charlie's house and he showed me that he
still had the Ouija board so we won
leaving it up here these are rewards
that it's right should be right there
look they can see you to that guys we
put the Ouija board up it's somewhere in
there so now this mess can be done with
not that I believe I've never heard that
you put it in this in a dark secret
place
I heard that plate if it's the owner of
the house like if someone looked here
before and died chao-li may you make it
is more worse more worse me yeah okay
dude I'm leaving
let's go all you get after Ellen you
okay
oh hey big girl he almost got away last
night Harry talked about it a vlog yeah
yeah so like I don't know if I got into
the full story guys last night one
minute that was using the bathroom so
nice minute we can't find her
- remember grabbing a flashlight I was
walking up the street crying looking for
a banana should i waste up quick I
turned my back for like 10 seconds and I
cost Bella and she was gone
all I remember was like a couple of
glowing eyes in the distance I was a
cool good I shoulda seen it I was like
pretty like is that hers I get something
it's either Bella or something coming
for me big girl I couldn't bear it
Bella's over there now you go whoa whoa
hi once the camera turned off she darted
over there now the cameras back on she'd
come back hi I'm Bronco hey you you
happen to be back here better be bailed
the cameras going well Smallville
YouTube she's done I gave my appearance
I am done Meryl
okay guys that's your appearance rubella
for today she's gone good bye guys oh
don't want off anymore okay baby I look
do whatever I want
no you all go for a long day well please
say well
right now I'm in the 55 rides around
with grandpa
how you feel right
I still don't feel good you don't think
it you know you don't think it's like
like everybody else alright well I
couldn't watch TV last night why a cable
went out the cable went out and there's
no reason the bills paid well didn't you
call them yeah they didn't say people so
somebody adds far
until I know what it is don't say it
that please don't you brought bad luck
on us I didn't know how
but there is no such thing as a lot
Michael birthday you ideas you gotta go
find the pieces to that damn
Lord okay all right then we gotta get
you some sage you got saved real good
what a stage do it if you can get rid of
all that evil it displays all the evil
things
or you don't believe in either sub right
I do believe in it
they think of a stage advise grandpa you
get it bit then you got to bury it
yeah you cook Mustaine how does that get
rid of a spirit joint even out of Moses
then you got a did you get a very the
board you think a dance around it
recline because you to say it's got
dancing at two or three dot yeah I don't
buy it
you better buy it you better do get out
I'm trying to pass luck happening
saw your fault this is only day two is
all your fault
you're just like the trolls now they
believe it too because there's more than
I like you I'm stupid I think it was new
bit
but as you mentioned
well I don't believe in it but oddly
enough L almost got out last night
yes she was up the street close to the
highway or whatever this thing is see
it's Sosa coincidence better do
something Michael any bad luck um you're
in Lauren what
okay this is my rocking chair guys is
there anything that can draw animals
away from the house is there any comes
why am I even asking that
because there is oh yeah what is it go
guys being grabbed by hanging out and
giving sage advice
I'm getting out of here I'm happy too
early it got a little bit of lunch today
folks
Shoni grand pond lore I've been here
years I've been to Sony's in a long time
neither what he did had a lunch buffet
what they got for lunch buffet
folks we're going to eat I'll be right
back well sitting here eating lunch
buffet usually the Lord are you the same
way then you dad hates being film do you
like that
okay guys we're sending here eating
lunch right now hanging out talking
he's more yelling at me because of the
Ghost Box though and I don't he's mad at
me
guys and a lot of you guys are mad early
in the game anyway guys go on the way
home he's yelling at me off camera folks
I can't escape it okay wait wait wait
wait wait you found what last night dad
who said do I do not like mice or rats
this videos book the true yeah
guys not to like well if you want us to
go on a mousseline or a rat hunt are you
scared
highlighted by guys that's what they
mean that have in common we are
terrified of mice and rats very key
music correct okay
we're definitely going to go on a hunt
as long as they click like guys smack
the like button we're going to go on a
mouse hunt at grandpa's house
this ought to be fun dad's going to be
screaming whether you will problem guys
magda like button I just had to record
that real quick a rat back from hanging
out with grandpa I ought to show you
guys something I said the bad luck can't
get any worse
as if better running away was bad as if
us all being cursed was bad as if the
bachelor house was bad
now the worst has come somebody stole
our damn trash can you believe in this
this is our trash can now folks it's old
temporary when I hope nothing all of
anybody remembers the if the trash can
but we had this great green trash can
and it held up a monstrous amount of
garbage well somebody stole it
it's gone we have to have a temporary
trash can which is this thing
so yeah the bad luck keeps on coming
next our pores you think it's done yet
nope here we are folks it's coming along
it looks a lot better than it did but it
ain't done and it probably ain't near
done so the bad luck ain't stopping yet
the dogs got to keep using the bathroom
in the front yard which means Bella
might run away again our trash can was
stolen this day sucks
Dec is looking good though look at that
that's some good news and it is a
beautiful day other than someone stole
our trashcan so anyway guys I don't know
I don't know if the vlogs almost over
just dude if I break that stuff anyway
I'm questioning everything let's go
inside before we get out of here I want
to do a quick unboxing I can get open I
want to show everything in it actually I
want to show a quick preview uh earlier
in the month earlier the second to be
exact on June 2nd I asked you guys to
click like if you wanted to challenge
you click like even wonder where it was
I've been holding on to it because I
don't want to do it yet I still got more
coming in so it's probably coming
sometime in July but I can show you okay
give me here we go folks take a guess
what's in the box you got one more
second taking us from the comment boom
what is that that is a gummy waffle
gummy egg and gummy bacon which can only
mean one thing
tell me food versus real food oh you
ready for this challenge locally so you
know it folks
gummy food versus real food challenge it
is coming you click like you wanted it i
order the gummies they took forever they
were mad expensive guys hundreds of
dollars in gummies oh my god I hope you
liked the video gummy food vs. real food
it's coming I don't want to show you
everything why are we doing it I don't
know I'm really excited some of the
stuff I don't even know Bridget ordered
all the gummies some of the stuff she's
not even letting me see but whatever
this is
thank you bridge about to see it hey she
won't let me see what it is I'm trying
no seriously look at this a Oh adorable
I want this once if I hate eggs I want
that one
you're not taking part of the challenge
and you're gonna have a real egg the
hell is this what is this what is this
oh nothing
yes why go make me hide it Michael
what is that was a big lie good dad
don't you look okay what is that it's a
gummy food challenge I'm gonna be eating
it guys let me know in the comment
section if you know what that was cuz I
don't know know what I'll clock out the
word what what what is I'm just in here
hang out with Bella you see the camera
and we'll be a big star ha I'm just
hanging out with Bello I just been
really sad you guys - Sheamus ran away
seriously guy if you know any kind of
like curse that goes with luring your
animals away let me know if I don't like
them I don't want to lose you or claw
where you at glide glide lady where are
you guys at can I talk to them Bella no
I can't you want to be just you hey
buddy
none of y'all can run away ok whoa y'all
going crazy no ok what's going on I'm
going to be attacked both attacker
humped no oh my god well that's going to
be it for today you guys thanks for
watching today felt like we had bad luck
the trash can got stolen the decks not
done but not as bad as yesterday yeah
yesterday was really rough on my heart
yesterday fog okay bliss it was pretty
first part about yesterday was whenever
Clyde drugged Michael into dog poop okay
we never confirmed it with dog poop it
smell
and look like just so we're on the same
shirt does it smell like dog poop you're
sick
is this the sure I don't know I don't
know I hope not well I mean either way
that never even happened suggest or he's
got to yeah much let's go back and look
right now oh my gosh oh my gosh are you
drunk your dog poop yeah okay how did
that happen when I was gross is kind of
a steamy pile of oh guy okay let's look
at it again in slow motion I even I got
a feel yeah oh my gosh
humiliating okay you win alright you
happy yes guys yesterday we had a ton of
bad luck today still sort of feel I
don't know I use it a little better
though like I feel better you feel
better grandpa feels better a little bit
better but he's still just as nervous
guys let me know in the comment section
if you know any reason why a curse would
lure an animal out of the yard
she'll be worried about the back and are
we cursed cuz I don't are there any
psychic I don't know let me know someone
said on Twitter that bad
are bottom I'm out of your life this
guy's favorite or anything
I love you guys so much pray for us yeah
