here is one thing I will say that was
weird we burned it and two parts of the
board did not burn the SU symbol the Sun
and the moon
what's going on you guys keeping a
camera here read your West not here
you're awake yes I'm sorry
get out what why I'm trying to see I
know how they'll do things all right I
don't forget either room I'm just guys
what or we have a volatile day because
we do not feel well today are we walking
say
Oh
I don't know why we're all sick you guys
I don't know what's going on has nothing
to do with any of that other stuff I
don't want to talk about it anymore
out of superstitious reasons that game
that we played I don't want to mention
the name of it anymore you know the game
I'm talking about if you do let me know
in the comment section below
guys what's going on people are saying
to put a curse on the family I laugh it
off then I wake up today and I'm sick
dad sick Bridget sick it's pouring down
rain
I build we gotta use the Ghost Box what
do you think I want to use it look
what's going on dude I don't like this
is that you Roy no Michael
what I'm cracking I feel like I need to
go by the bed first time there's no such
thing as curse okay I know I feel a lot
better than I did you feel okay I do I
felt like crap this morning but I feel
better
Bridget still feels horrible
I called grandpa he still feels horrible
I come outside and the weather is
horrible
and it's like I don't believe and like
cursed is there anything and now the
cameras fogging up that's horrible I
don't believe in curses folks but why is
everything so horrible look at that look
at the sky cameras don't even pick it up
it started to come pitch black out here
at its noon
I curse the family no I did Michael cut
that out
no such thing Bridget if you added this
law cut it out I didn't curse nobody oh
this again okay guys so Michael is
outside sleeping and I'm going to scare
him
what's this Michael Michael Michael get
aah oh my god don't do that
what so you're dead what you look like
you're dead I'm sleeping
you weren't snoring he was lit sleep
what I'll try to scare you
what are you doing okay maybe we are
cursed
and he is like pouring right now all
right what are you doing walking hang on
oh my god okay we're cars right Allah
we're Christ dad
finally I don't know you're too far away
IRA guys don't like it
alright hang on hey what's up man
oh look back the goatee bags were there
all over the toilet one jailbreak no
five look my selling them would be bad
I don't here take the count for my
goodness man look at these powders look
at these order look at firket whoa look
at me there's a swarm of bats dude you
serious I swear to goodness dude you
think it is lightning oh my god they're
all over us dude let me watch the camera
Brahmastra question one lost Michael how
do you feel
what did you unlock I feel like crap do
you feel like crap damn good feel like
crap all day I had to go out and buy
some Rolaids and stuff a button goodie
powders Mayall man I feel like crap I
got ever since like yesterday I was
sitting talking to at the jailhouse
look man I'm good what the rupee is
don't look at it and they're all over
the place was really bad yes we're going
to get out look what if they're just
little bird those are bad or bad bad
homie I don't know don't why you still
need that it's like one mask you do you
feeling crap yes I do I feel like crap
Bridget feels like crap dad feels like
crap Lauren feels like crap
there it ain't me it is you oh yeah Luka
Charlie just returned to his folks he
was I'm messing with this again oh my
god
I think your start to drag it onto it
all right please not messing with the
main meal cult oh wait there's hundred
couple I wrote the cameras picking it up
oh my goodness right okay this is my
confession tape I think I might have
unlocked something on my family and I
wanted to stop there every damn where
man I got to get some of this made it's
crazy
they're all over the place and Ian my
call was the bats and birds and stuff
that Michaels unlocking an L about us
Michael Walker and hemlock telephone
go I'm out of here dude it's not you at
10 it's you
it can Jim it's definitely him
it's him it is him he's the one who
taunted not us
what is it get a car Brad it's raining
and stuff no joke
Bridget never talked about call right I
use our bags and stuff and it's boring
what's going on is bad they're still out
I saw them over here why are they
leaving as we're leaving can you explain
why I'm locked up that I'm sorry I'm so
sorry
Oh sexy we're in the ditch no you're
good
I'm didn't film it who cares Michael
wheelers rag okay calm down folks we're
turning into history hopefully we can
back right now you can catch it on sound
okay I'm not saying like that I'm just
saying FR wise we just turned into it
I'm sorry
I feel easy we're breaking it up no it's
not I'm sorry you guys we turned into
this neighborhood and Brit the Tahoe
started skidding we almost hit it is
what it is I'm not keeping it
just get dad I'm good I am filming the
occasions kid again Michael stop it
I came out wrong I'm sorry Chris will
ascribe Sony's caribou no but we're fine
politically wait I'll go alone what's
going on everybody
shit sicken you look I know but he's no
fun you look bad
maybe yesterday we do yeah
how will you do without a part oh you
got that thing does how do you feel we
are you believe I could sever go go
wonder did I I'll juice a bean I shall
always you know I'm not either so let's
get this right
Lauren stick dad stick does sick I'm
sick Bridget sick Charlie's sick then
don't do that how we had to go do it he
does Tom for this
that's so goofy you're all fit do you
want to tell your dad bye Rosa why he
doesn't know it's a viral thing going
around he was a little bored
no I didn't what he used to lead you
worried there was nothing to do with
that and he burned it
are you serious well I blame it's a
sonic boy we're talking about how to
Noguchi boy did you think you're the
intent of that with you boy that is not
true
here here yeah I got another week you
bored why don't you even tell him
because you know he believes no super
sister stuff he needs to know it's just
like territory
you don't got your bearings let us do
that because when you up and down right
now we all feel vex we all ate something
or we have a viral - yeah cause in case
of the allergy board know we got Michael
might have cursed the fan Oh where'd you
go Titus now we got your roof I not
curse the family kid right hand side uh
could you put the weak people in it
you're not going okay if something
happens to you they're going to blame me
and the Ouija board and that's not what
happened
there's no other explanation I can't
believe you do it as I told you not to
used to use your ones do it against my
word that chill
it's a Ouija board as a board game it's
the devil's way to reach you here is one
thing I will say that was weird we
burned it and two parts of the board did
not burn those two symbols the Sun and
the moon
we should have burned it all for the a
wouldn't burn and wending burn this at
birth
I want to call this mileage no matter
that you never put me in hate Legion you
got everybody like the time of the H in
the house what is that the hey that's
that's all the demons are setting up
we'd be bored well yes Zozo is here oh
how about those goes over so the haters
going to see that change and we not talk
about this
it was just Hamill Sunday what is this
you were tell me about the peel box and
I knew peeled off so we can see that
guys this is the new P o box tell me
when it clears up Raziel hey this is the
new PU box the one in the description
below does not work anymore please don't
send any Ouija stuff or voodoo stuff
castle questions right or bats a bad
omen
a lot bats I don't up no does why do I
know what would this be so fast because
we had a whole mess of bats flying over
the houses afternoon well I'd be nervous
I was nervous I think it's a Michael
shake your head sorry
you know attic see if anything moved in
up there oh yeah oh my gosh yeah vision
eight there was like a hundred batches
flying around
yeah well I'm giving anything soon I'm
coming after you I got nobody thick stop
blaming me
yeah if it wasn't you it was Charlie I
do this Charlie how about this we got
the ghost box in the car we go bro it's
just in the car go girl no I'll get it
no now your duty what's the point of the
Commendatore
this would make you throw up it's a toy
like the Ouija board
no what do you think bad no comment are
you really saying that let me need
everything the opposite I gotta call my
mom all go you see how she's doing and
hi I can't take if I'm gonna go I'm not
gonna take Windsor hey bring her in the
house I didn't do it JC how do you feel
you're sick - are you really do that it
looks winded I played your brother he's
the one who burned it yeah you blaming
me for nothing I do think it was Charlie
hey takes two to tango
so much already cool and no good we need
to keep it up why because they need to
develop bad you are grading the hate
here I'm not saying that is that I
should have have done the Ouija board I
get that you're drinking this house no
down here not for me is it me
does it store doesn't let me go go I'm
not saying I shouldn't have used the
Ouija board what I'm saying is trust
we're going every night dose on it does
it was yummy I'm not you him into the
Charleston County Jail who was that
graveyard or the evidence picture or us
we have plenty this way to get that from
our soda he won't release very
aggressive we're going through a thing
leg altitude many people are you
listening to me Charles went to the
grave yards to the the Ouija board made
it appear okay
you lucky I feel bad I'm sorry
to be fair though I really do think it's
Charlie's fault not Michaels and solos
fault it's nobody's fault
there's no such thing I mean he was the
one who burned it there's probably
something don't look at the weather I'll
feel depressed because of the weather we
always want to stick because of it has
nothing to do we drained Oh bottom line
is she fell them now I'm nice I know
there's magic
leave me alone later now where you going
into it I destroyed it I thought you was
going now you will tell me that I have
to like burn it early and variant
sections and go do you got it oh you got
better you guys you got dance mat three
times what I've had this is don't think
progress on page open yeah I'm shaking
it up phone and say it's a good house
say it quickly where do we get stage
from okay proportion I don't know how do
you say because all places the free horn
you lied you all which I'm supposed to
have a chance okay hey show of hands who
blames me at least I got warned on my
side in me no she doesn't
it's a toy who blames charlie oh nothing
well leaving that's all I can food I
wouldn't talk about the car there is no
part what if there is isn't it Michael
you might have cursed our whole family
and there's a writing soft there's gotta
be a sign maybe that's a good omen
I'm starting to feel better are you know
I feel low in my gut
maybe I just need to go to the bathroom
well I feel better
you're sick
you guys I have always said that I am an
agnostic and I'm always open to learn
and accept and believe I'm always open
to that and I feel like made
I've been more closed than I should be
so I'm going to for a moment open to the
possibility that maybe some of that
stuff could be true maybe if you burn
one of those boards I don't want to say
the name anymore
maybe if you burn one of those boards
you could be cursed the other reason I'm
opening up too is because the fact we're
all sick I'm actually starting to feel a
little bit better though I'll be honest
so that's there's that but I was sick
dad Lauren
Bridget Charles then the bat and the
weather but no ghostly activity I didn't
wake up last night I didn't hear
anything I haven't heard anything in a
couple of days nothing suspicious so
maybe not but I am open to the idea of
maybe having said that I doubt it I
doubt it
sometimes bad luck just comes in drones
throws drone the drones bad luck comes
in droves I don't think is drones see
better signs already Bridget take a
quiet out and the value of right well is
not that bad well I'm just starting to
think you know your brother curse does
not you oh my gosh
oh my gosh
are you drunk your dog boo oh cool I am
oh my gosh I don't know what happened
you guys me guys are you okay
badly are you hungry I'm fine lucky oh
yeah we are thank her curse
