what's going on you guys
hope you're having a happy Saturday
first things first I want to check on
the progress of my deck it's coming
together folks the guys aren't working
today because it's Saturday but that's
what we're at well you hear anything
last night lazy
Clyde you guys hear anything last night
so last night you guys
I couldn't sleep because I really
thought that I was hearing footsteps
walking throughout the living room and
the kitchen and I thought I heard a
knock on the window and if you wonder
what I'm doing I'm trying to make sure
I'm not waking up Bridget of course you
could argue that doing this would wake
her up yesterday's vlog we did the 3:00
a.m. Ouija board challenge and I don't
want to pretend like I believe in Ouija
boards all of a sudden you know because
I don't I don't believe in any of that
stuff but it is weird when I'm hearing
people walking in the house and I look
over Bridget's asleep that kind of stuff
does get to me that kind of stuff does
make me wonder then of course they got
people writing me on Twitter oh you
curse the family you burned the board
when you shouldn't have
Jason starting I'll be playing that in
just a second it's disheartening when I
got to feel like I put a curse on my
family but I don't believe in that stuff
to you guys but what so that was
yesterday check it out below if you
hadn't seen it yeah and I got way too
much frozen food
I'm coming Jason hold on let me give me
something to eat
nutty bar so anyway that's the update
I'm gonna try not to talk about the go
Sox or Ouija boards or anything today
because I just I don't want to let it
consume my life I don't want to give
them and Tristan tamale if it's possible
which it's not but if it is I want to
just give them access to my life why do
that
so anyway someone called the cops or
Tommy Jarvis here there's a feel
exciting hey captain sea ghosts right
what do you you know if he had glands
he'd be spraying all over our door right
now do you hate us so anyway that's the
update last night I thought I heard
footsteps thought I heard knocking I
don't believe in ghosts boxes or Ouija
boards but that's enough to make me go I
don't know so anyway hope you guys are
having a great Saturday it's beautiful
outside let's get this day started yo
has turn on the camera so we get a
address what happened last night
and we it was terrifying I didn't even
know what happen would happen I didn't
even feel it man we're just talking
about much you know my shirt some folks
won't flick the dance sleeve guys if you
didn't see the blow we uploaded
yesterday we did the 3:00 a.m. Ouija
board challenge and during the duration
this happened you you're doing it by
microphone I promise on my daughter that
I did I'm not moving it man
I have no words for what it was how it
happened it if you guys know let us know
in the comment section this could be the
first like real proof that we've got
like I say made like my shirt on my
chest was rippling a little bit fits
like my shirt I guess like muscle a
little bit almost like God kind of did
that well I thought that I tried to flex
you know there's no explanation for that
and yeah that's up there but under here
that like that looser that was it's a go
like right so horses ear or something
you know just yeah definitely yeah
somebody is playing with my shirt and I
didn't even feel it
I saw a tax yeah I was sitting to try to
flip some smoke I said all these all
morning in America come on man do it had
a Big Joe seven-day high
I didn't as you went blonde eat I'd be
like rocky food from Rocky Horror
Picture Show rocky the creation behind
me yeah I built a man with blond hair
and a tan ah like Draco you spend me
rider out and baby ride around why are
you doing this my baby Jason he's having
a good little time you see it he just
walked up when he was standing in for
every Fuhrman and now he's like spinning
me around he's just walking up this is
mine now
hey how Darla oh wait I broke free City
now is there whatever not when a man
loves a woman comes back to my Shack
my complaint is really resistant I trust
you roughly scared don't do it
joon-young oh my god tell them my gosh
you know if either these men will walk
again
better yet wrestle beyond their lives
please move
I don't know how earthquake is doing it
but he is moving
some spirit why why not hey I had to
Michael you said you saw a shadow person
up here I'm sorry that was not even like
that's pretty circle
guys he did curses at all when did you
wake up I was up for like an hour just
on my god
Oh in the room well you just don't want
to like talk to you because I curse the
family is that what this is yeah guy did
not curse the family is the family no I
didn't your met you don't feed into then
don't you know that it bothered me I
don't say it I'm just kidding
there's no such thing as curses right I
I don't know well I know there's no such
thing as curses there might be for job
you might have cursed us I burned a
board game there's no such thing as the
curse you guys okay so what did you mean
about I see you spirit or something like
that we don't want to see the spirit
upstairs okay I knew you doing humiliate
me even further is that okay yeah I said
I saw the spirit because I thought I
could trick the spirit please given
it's a fast safe right here Sonia spirit
look I thought that I can trick the
spirit to presenting itself to me okay
if same things that I do with the Chucky
doll very funny yes this is what I do
when I'm alone with Chucky
nice try Chucky I saw you blink
I saw you blink dude yeah okay I thought
that I could trick the spirit and maybe
you just shouldn't scare me how about
that I had to for what
for using the Ouija board yep board game
so that little sketch I had to bring out
Chucky whom I don't like seeing so let's
go ahead and put Chucky take the camera
go Chuck you back into his hiding spot
I don't like Chucky sometimes especially
when I'm on it yeah oh he is so creepy
Tommy the fire Oh a flame
Hey No oh my god nice try I didn't do it
yeah you did
you helped something Bridget you're
gonna have to stop trying to find me I'm
gonna put you up here
oh my fear out in the face by Jackie are
we done all what is that behind you yes
stop it I was walking out to go see
Charlie before you left and I don't know
if it's picking up on who you guys but
there is a vicious spiderweb I'm hoping
I can get on film but am I going to
transparent but like go jeez oh hell no
all right
I missed it so trolley is actually going
to be checking out some of our haunted
tourist spots downtown yo what's up in
downtown Charleston so I'm giving them
the Ghost Box yeah listen I cannot
replace this thing nobody sell this home
a Radio Shack you have a greater shake
don't sell it no more because of this
people were modding it okay all right
well don't worry about me I'm not
kidding here no seriously don't protect
you with my life
there we go maybe have a life and
somebody comes at me with a gun I mean
the Ghost Box might get a good fuck on
that now I got a knife or something
somebody got knife or some Olga I got
you good
but if it's a gun yeah I ain't got my
back man but I got a remote late on the
night show we're not we're not
anticipating any kind of bloodshed man
Charleston is downtown is a beautiful
lovely spot and yeah you can get you can
get stuff stolen there yeah I'll protect
you with my life unless there's a less
in danger well got the Ghost Box he's
gonna protect the WIPP is like and soul
oh hey if something happens you might
get trapped in the ghost this life and
the afterlife
I don't like joking about that well
hopefully we catch a little something
and now I'm back face to face with that
spiderweb I want here I got ask Mike
about this one what is going on with
this
why is your burger king and a thing
Michael well I use their burger game in
the sink in the bathroom in the bathroom
no juice recipe no offer
oh no god no
that's the sky no filled me you not
watch my Twitter at all oh yeah I saw
that I posted a tweet earlier I sing a
Celine Dion in the bathroom at Burger
King
speaking out I really need an emergency
cheeseburger no right now an emergency
two-for-two stuff how about instead of
an emergency Cheever we go to the store
and make some emergency chicken dinner
oh my god an emergency wing de spin the
camera okay let me I got this Oh
guys you see how fog Japanese oh my gosh
I can't feel dear oh my god it feels
like a body's on fire here freaking
breathe how is the air on the coldest
yeah oh so hot in the Scarfo oh my god I
can't breathe I kind of like roll down
the window I've got the on except okay
it's too hot
we're on our way to the store right now
you guys and if you didn't know what
just happened just now we sat down and
it felt like i sat on mama the speech
were hot mine was bright what okay hello
fat little feature is it it's just like
make your butt to like it's on height is
it really we had a heated seat and
cooling speed yeah kollene see it's dude
okay that was starting to kick in
maybe for you not for me you turn my
buckle and then my butt feels hot still
alright now it's in my back it feels
good well la-dee-da oh yeah
is this bad that the best part of my day
was sprite at the grocery store
it's a little sad but you know these are
really really give butter hot and heated
well this was going to be the breading
for our chicken but all they have is
spicy so we're not getting mad what
Ellen is oh the one next to it
Brobee Michael Oh
normal yeah am i blind for that yeah
guys we're using lefty spices time for
our annual game what's gonna fall out
the back of the Tahoe you mean daily
game or daily game what's gonna fall off
the back of the tile here we go take
gases I guess of water I'm guessing the
oil oh gosh I hope it's not the hot
sauce it was the oil what how'd you know
I guess right
holy crab innocent you were almost right
with the water Wow I was almost right
twice that is crazy my first step you
guys were cutting the chicken next I've
mixed a bag of that lefty spice with
water and I'm going to put the cut
pieces of chicken in this and we're
going to let it hums a saute not saute
simmer
take your tongue out smile
alright I think you're fine I'm fine so
anyway what is the word I'm thinking of
since you're gonna sit back the word yes
you're going to let it sit I posed
another word look
Marinette Marin a marinade so what has
to work I'm gonna let it marinate in the
lefty spices for about a power of two
spices
that's what is lassies kiss oh come on
legs I guess all of my what is that just
discover the land cover it no can't get
here I just realized I hadn't filmed any
of this chicken I forgot so guys here's
the finished product I'm sure I like mix
it together and then forgot to like kill
me cooking me and we just got lost and
talking but a bad
I had a spoken in there I mix it with
some more lefties and I'm on the last
couple pieces thank God he doesn't cook
it for our good
can y'all miss them degree spotted right
in the mouth did you even burn the crap
out of him hop right into Miami
literally badges it turns me Mommy for
me bad it so anyway this is almost done
this has been an hour worth of work I'm
like real exhausted like I don't want to
eat anymore
I do which I'm tired I got fries to make
you got here where the friends to be
okay chicken tender down honey mustard
next to it let's go ahead and just one
of these fries put those down little bit
of parsley goes over the whole thing
because what's wrong with that and there
it is folks chicken tenders french fries
and honey mustard
next up Bridge gonna do a little bit of
taste test after she's done playing
Jason let me cover the lids on my head
here it is folks chicken tenders honey
mustard fresh prawns
this looks like it was from a restaurant
all right let's give it a try holy crap
good job
hello it is so good you nail that
Michael holy crap these were major love
oh yeah a lot of love come to the Zephyr
folks well that's going to be it for
today you guys thanks for watching sorry
the vlogs up late but the chicken
tenders took way longer to cook than I
thought oh my god is so worth it though
they are delicious guys we haven't eaten
yet we're gonna eat in just a second
those things are good Oh amazing so good
way better than fat by the way if you
want to laugh on the way to the store
there was the spider webs and I kept
going into yeah bridge you wouldn't do
it next check this out check computer
lab what are you doing Oh what are you
doing here little spiderweb above you
why the Hat huh you didn't see oh
Michael oh my gosh if huge dude we're
going to the store yeah that was
hilarious I want to do it a couple of
times today I hate spiders so much
anyway that's going to be up for today
you guys thanks for watching I think
tonight we're going to get in that Ghost
Box back and do a little ghost hunting
here on the Casa I want to call it the
house yeah guys want to get out of here
thanks for watching like subscribe
favorite
I don't everything for John mmm I love
you guys so much I'm naughty a lot of
chicken windows movie too
