you're freaking move go look at me with
my fingers close up on your hands dude
oh dude us we're done one open figure on
this damn thing he's got one freaking
finger on it okay what's going on you
guys give me out of camera here which
was here right there and today I
ascetically this Friday and it's today
is Friday Thank You ton blow those even
those suckers in your sleep I just woke
up and I got a couple I'm waking myself
up with suckers and candy what I did I
haven't been to sleep yet I've been
playing Friday 13th enjoying my last few
hours not being on set guys today is
Friday and today we are doing the 3:00
a.m. Ouija board challenge if you
haven't been following the vlogs Charlie
caught a voice on his vlog and now we're
trying to figure out what it is what it
means it's probably nothing but now he's
got a Ouija board and we're going to go
do it at 3 o'clock in the morning not
interested at all it doesn't matter guys
intro over we're going to Charlie's
we're doing the 3 a.m. Ouija board
challenge
I can't even clean my tongue this is no
I'm not I'm really scared
please like that oh gosh is that like a
sign this might be a sign dude aren't
bugs always assigned I don't know where
is
now is in scary movies you've gotta be
awake the lights are on
yo
you're asleep my bro
Charlie wake up he's asleep I see my bad
guys problem everybody all right good
ready
where's it I'm pretty scared and tired
early a totally against it noted i
understanding and screaming the whole
way god it is 3 o'clock in the morning I
do not recall blossom estate of this
life to you then well your bed by 10 so
this definitely introduces the witching
hour this is the witching hour folks we
are about to do the Ghost Box and then
the Ouija board it is 3 o'clock in the
morning I'm not going to read you part
are you really not to be here luigi Borg
no we'll do it a lot of the slide we are
going to be doing the Ouija board
and then a ghost box when do that first
we're hoping anybody that is here will
talk to us through this vlogs ready
how many fingers am i holding on
the years are envy fear and then he
might tell us I'm called Matheny's do
let's go ahead Bridget we're doing this
are you afraid how many fingers am i
holding up did you say it's time it's
time for what come get you
SOI a woman talk it through what is your
name
a boy named boy orbiting the coral I'm
going on record saying that I don't
believe 3G boards folks okay this is the
cardboard with ink it means like give me
a hand span yes equivalent to a ham
sandwich I keep telling myself that we
just put in the middle marks on it you
want out of it yeah that's a gross
budget yeah well I'm gonna press it too
hard okay is there anybody here with us
yes or not
nothing
either you're moving in or it's moving
I'm going to touch did it move it
usually forces whole just like natural
move many acres has to be thank you Amy
- Matthew just where freaking God that
is you for your movida is you go - that
is yours for come on touch my leaving of
it Oh God
fingers off to the horse dude I was
barely touches that deity yes come on or
even notice oh god dude you move it I I
have one bigger one of the awkward
little car I didn't move man okay touch
this two fingers
what is your name
dude this is your doing I swear to God
did it you know do this is scary look
you were moving you're barely even
touching it on me - dude it's going our
dude dude it's just climbing like it's
baby well as men work you're nothing
like me maybe it was subconsciously
we're doing it do our pretty barely
touching the arm oh now we'll go - Mike
we gotta roll
come on man I want to do this anymore
I'm going to go in you really yes dude
it I do how the word game is between or
not I may be more subconscious to move I
do that problem got it y'all barely
touching the damn thing it's like look
we're here and we're just somehow it's
just one doesn't constitute an art of
you want to do that no I think they're
wise dude this is creepy
you're Luis I might stay a minute more
not anyone believe it I'm good we got
our Oh is there another letter I'm going
to blow my haunts prove it
just move it towards its going to the
frickin wide
I'm done with it there is going to lefur
duties movie just you here to it you got
a final anger flaw I promise on my
daughter that I think I'm not moving to
man I have to feel subconsciously it's
got to be in it so it's cardboard yeah
it's like a ham sandwich
we'll sit why don't you smells you want
to boy if that's you moving by yourself
then I'm a thorough believer then I'm
going to go okay
something's up Roy if you're here move
it
why do our hands got to be near it
maybe they need a channel grew up dude
we're done I'm just like I'm starting to
believe a little bit every problem so
you didn't hand move it I'm getting
moving I'm thinking well obviously my
friends are gone enough to glider up
this thing flies really easily so where
are you charged with it did not fly art
oh he's so hard to give me boy I wasn't
offered to be me this is elaborate I
would love we just moving up your loop
which is a woman yeah dude it feels like
it's fricking dude it is fricking magnet
Oh what was that
what I saw only loosely hanging up it's
moving you you're creating mood would it
stop it yeah I feel like maybe I have to
be the only a kind of like a lot of
trigger fingers ought to doing this
never are there it does feel like it
that's why thought was you I think
you're supposed to like hover your
fingertips not touch it
yeah not actually like this yeah like
that and now the baby will know it's not
work okay Roy we need one more letter to
know it to you
not Roy now we're touching it if you
need our hands to do it dude it move it
you're free of you move
look at me look at my fingers close-up
on your hands dude oh dude I swear done
got one open figure on this damn thing
he's got one freaking finger on it
what's going on okay now we can get a
freakin snail you shouldn't be sick
here's a hard one to leave
Juliet I believe ya Michael stop taking
I assume believe dude just because the
fucking scene crystal is broken at it
now why did you do that why did you do
that
wasn't he the moment I got scared you're
gonna believe in this then I don't
believe in it okay now tell them to go
away and go to the thigh rolling we're
sorry we disturbed you but we cannot
help you y'all did open up a hole for a
portal in this house we're just hearing
ourselves it's 3:00 in the morning and
play and we're tired or tired or playing
with a Ouija board in a ghost box we
were bound with spook ourselves right
especially when you move today and
searing the peering glass I just I did
knock you just do it if you feel it
trying to blame me for this I need a
thumb Hamilton for wickedness out of
here
I'm leaving here yeah I'm ready
gladdening here's if I find something
maybe you could taste it up we have
decided to burn the Ouija board we've
had enough of it
if the spirits will let it burn
no dole butter part using plastic on
there if we need if we need water are we
close to a hose source yes program over
there into water on I think like return
in order to round back will be right up
let's see if we see any spirits in the
smoke boy we asked you to leave
seriously Roy travelled through the
smoke and go ever did you got to go on
up to the heavens we need to make words
you feel better about this what we're
going in I really don't know dude but
she's gone you guys would be golden one
thing you're going to do for her man
it's called a damn priest or something
to come bless the house I can't do that
do people's going to go crazy if we
bring a priest out here for this for
what there's it everyone's going to
think is YouTube stuff and we'll do a
car guys I didn't record it but Charlie
did
Bridget's car was delightful coming all
by itself you know we thought someone
was actually in the car yes and look at
that son it still will not burn dude
you've got a good point there this all
decided off you do ways the other
malfunction is home so last night was
the 3 a.m. Ouija board challenge and I'm
sitting here getting ready to edit the
vlog that you're watching right now and
I'm hot I don't know the Ouija board
part is easily explainable right it's
like maybe we subconsciously were like
connecting it to what we heard on the
ghost box the ghost box all that stuff
is always debatable ID right as of right
now I don't open knew how many fingers I
was holding up all that stuff
no I just know that I had a weird
feeling when I went to bed last night I
don't want to pretend like I don't wanna
make you guys think that I'm trying to
play you guys and make you think oh we
got a little gentleman haunting here
because that's not what's happening it's
all in the air stuff okay we heard a
voice we might have captured like some
stuff on the ghost box and then we did a
Ouija board it's not like we're
capturing visible ghosts on camera or
like things are being thrown around the
house there's nothing like that it's
just I do weird feeling going to bed
last night I thought I heard a voice but
we will I only want to do this scene
anymore i spooked myself last night
folks did the 3m Ouija board challenge I
destroyed it set it on fire and now I'm
sitting you're wondering if I shouldn't
have done that but I don't believe
anyway we're going out to lunch right
now you guys meet Charles Cindy Brigid
we're all going to lunch let's do this I
got some french man to keep trying to
play Jason with him but I don't think
another Wi-Fi so I told me I told that's
all y'all put lava clumps so did it yeah
I can play it forever and ever and ever
blast me right here have taken out all
the onions and peppers it might be only
the yellow one that's a special one
although there is a lot of peppers on
you yeah there really is I feel like we
should now that you're recording we
should just address something you need
to know weed this right here complete
honesty
and if we're honest and we don't want to
clear in the vlog we won't include it
did you move
Youth fun I didn't touch the thing well
I mean I didn't move to town last night
man my fingers were barely on it
I didn't you know I did not that's all
honesty I lost you dude
I was barely touching the thing like if
it moves it glides really easily and I'm
thinking maybe it does maybe that's a
collision like a masculine table top
looks really easy with me in which it
just randomly went sir to those letters
and I didn't want to view you know I'm
not going to dump I'm gonna try to fix
things here's one thing that I will say
about trolly he swears on his daughter
he means it and he swirls neither last
night I promise I swear else Mallard
I swear on Bridget that's got to mean
something right yeah yeah yeah yeah
I know you love Bridget so I didn't move
it you didn't move it nope then I don't
have an explanation and its really
Testament because I don't believe in
that stuff and I don't like being
challenged well like I say man you broke
the Ouija board you burned it if there's
any kind of just anybody that man that
came through that can't get back in and
still probably over by another Ouija
board are you serious without people
telling me today that uh that we should
not have burned it why why I showed him
the thumbnail not it's not the thumbnail
on you know a picture you know on
Twitter or Facebook you know for the
vlog tonight and everyone was like you
guys leave in the comment section if I
made a big mistake should I not have
burned the weed you won't tell us why
I'm really scared I don't believe it's
cardboard it's a poor game in our spot
we might as well try to use a little
monopoly I were dripping last night for
him I caught it on film
yeah that's here really really little
Bridget I woke up last night as I
thought I heard a voice
don't say it what did you hear I thought
I just heard Hey and I'm mad could've
been dreaming but I woke up and was the
middle of the night I looked over you
were asleep you've done you've done
something and then the car was going on
and off yeah that one off your truck
kept going on her off sounds weird watch
his video back to that jig without a
piece of in Oman for Charlie it happened
yeah we walked up to the car and
investigators we caught it happened and
happened and I swear on Michael it's not
me then I'm done move it no we can't
could use your lawyer
yeah exactly you're someone in them
there's anybody it follows yeah there we
go
Michael thank you we'll send it to Cindy
all right no seriously no not really
no it's Andy there's any spirits in here
they've followed us there's a nice home
that's an empty bedroom GB flea can cook
okay it's cretin probably I'm not gonna
lot of the go Cindy can't cook okay I'm
just joking Cindy you know exactly the
right measurements of water to add a
packet of grades Oken seriously keep
squirrels Carla wasn't him I swear
bridge wasn't me I don't know
I filled out my white head you know what
your dad said what did I think he said
that he knew someone here sweetie bars
I'll buy it we're getting out of here in
just a few minutes you guys
excuse my glasses are starting to fog up
I do want to show you one more thing
before I get out of here something
really weird that Charlie pointed out to
me this morning I want you to see one
second I mean that's not creepy bro guys
we burned the Ouija board last night
right they even tried to burn on the
back of it but I was like hell no you
don't the symbols we were talking about
power and symbols and stuff like that
and this and the symbols did not burn
everything pretty much burnt but the
symbol symbols on things
Michael was wondering how a piece of
cardboard can be a portal to the other
side you know anything could be a portal
man is what it's all about you know I
still a little bit it's weird but it's
curious should we save that not throw it
away like that hold on to it who knows
you might need it oh don't say that
don't scare me you might need it now I
think we better hold on to it so it was
telling me to so that son is talking to
me for some reason guys going to be
outro I want to show that that is it I'm
a spooked out man I don't know what it
is ah she's gonna be trouble tonight
why is that ghost you trying to scare me
outro well that's going to be a pretty
day you guys thanks for watching that
was our 3 a.m. Ouija board challenge it
was very hard to sleep last night but I
managed what about tonight because I'm
more spooked tonight than it was before
when I saw those pieces of the board
that didn't burn guys I'm gonna get out
of here involved like I'm we're not
sleep with the lights on lights on no
we're not guys none of that stuff
there's no such thing as ghosts there's
the explanation I don't
anyway prepare to be glued to me then
because that's going to happen it's my
turn
like subscribe favorite on everything
John and if you haven't seen it you guys
the link is going to be at the end of
this video and at the bottom of the
screen we uploaded the Twitter Q&A with
angry grandpa he freaked out about the
Ouija board he answered the question if
he'd ever get back with my mom and if
he'd marry Lauren you want to see all
that check out the link below
Oh also his predictions the Conor
McGregor vs. Floyd Mayweather you'll be
surprised by his answer oh yeah
like subscribe favorite barn everything
to ice msys and right now I'm going to
play Friday 13th all night
