problems in fact you made a joke number
promised laundry you go you go you go
wall you or leave that wage boat ride
where you can throw it away whatever you
really feel strongly love it yeah I do
using the Ouija board Duke Bayliss
please applaud
what's going on you guys give me a
camera here
rejoice here right beside me and we are
starting on this vlog watching Charlie
active hold on we're watching Charlie's
video from last night dude it's just
like standing there oh come on dang it
I want to pause on somebody if people
are sending up it before a figure in the
TV and I see it right there yeah that's
creepy it was uma no matter if you just
you see is yeah it's kind of dark here
we go watch this folks it's just sort of
there so that was when Charlie's video
last night so if now our house is
haunted I don't know what any self
status figure right up there yeah
guys let's glass probably about this I
gotta take Clyde out to use the bathroom
because the ports are still being
installed buddy all he's wrapping around
me all right guys let's go you have
you're wondering Clyde has to be on a
leash because he's untrustworthy and it
looks like Bella might start to be Bella
you like use bathroom in the other part
of the yard huh or do you miss the porch
so I'm just the backyard hey don't run
up in with it
hi Bella because you guys stay here
closed we got a very busy day ahead of
us today number one we have a new air
conditioning unit being installed
upstairs and the debt going on so I want
to take a look see what's going on
before we do anything else today
here is the progress report and if
you're wondering why it's taking so long
to do this deck because I'm wondering
the same thing actually I'm hoping
bridge you can spread some insight on
black oh it's like a week now what's
going on
it is Brazilian hardwood and it
takes time is they being pressure
treated or something 30 was something
with every little piece like look it's
different you don't even see like nails
and have to pre-drill and I merely can
we plug up the nails yeah well guys we
are giving that done and we had to get a
new air conditioning unit today so
here's what we got
oh you ain't seen each other hi guys
that's what it looks like guys we needed
a new AC unit because Kim is not coming
in July and it's going to be hot
upstairs when she's up there not
sleeping so guys we needed a new AC we
got to get a new deck we got too much
going on yes much I can't wait so this
piece is done so I can stop taking dogs
are Unleashed hisses I know guys we've
had to take the dogs out on the release
anyway I gotta go see Charlie I want to
check on up see what's going on I came
in what's up what up
oh you want to Logan yeah that's a good
movie diet progress or go everybody free
play that anybody see me gia left
hanging
I'll try your damn flower yeah yeah I
don't know Cheryl it happy chances okay
so I'll create to do your pieces mama
takes it it's cold
all right it's not better warm mmm tell
your cheese you don't poke me in the eye
but wait it's a Gmail all right come
buddy go dad but I want to stop by real
quick last night home join you on the
knees to the master cake people think
it's all figure and the hair whatever on
your hunted up-and-comer video yeah yeah
and in the end of the TV yes my homie
Tyler you showed in the t-shirt like
your toddler is just so many there's
what toddlers I get a reflection of the
day
oh look at oh I thought we got something
but if it is a shadow speaker's
brightest Tyler where is Tyler
yeah so here are those all and stuff do
you have to go and take this thing back
with you I'm not trying to get you
gutted I was going for a minute because
I thought of something I'm not the only
way to think that that Ghost bugs you
did so to it why Leo know what to do man
dude like take them you know they say
they could keep this or I probably keep
this one down and this one up you won't
hear that noise but you can still talk
through it or something if that's why
why you spent $1,000 on it and if a
thousand bucks doing keep it here you
just not even want to take you back okay
I want to believe that Charles you're on
him ie still paranoid
watch your Logan we're going to
grandpa's okay watch your Logan on P so
we're headed out how could I wear on
hinge what is all this
that's uh speaking for the guy I knew it
come on and away I stood one look at her
I thought yeah oh yeah that's me - you
want you to broken it apart like the
cookies he's going to smell it oh my god
a little bridge of this is going on -
okay the via be - smells like you need
another glass misery others the knows
he's there in a sandwich over oh my god
what are you only doing the sandwich was
my life is this how to leave oh yeah
sure well I will believe it I question
everything in this house swear to God
Edna had a jar of peanut butter over
there open I mean I made you some stages
and some oils and burning really need it
after tonight sanctified we're doing it
3:00 a.m.
Ouija board oh yeah let's and it won't
be in the room altogether or didn't do
that so put that somewhere in the shadow
something hey-up that's a little kitschy
little toy box is going to ruin it I bet
you I won't hear any more voices in here
her again oh my god I bet y'all over
here no food ever again
okay okay kid but I got a wife oh you
mean Pam well cake or $1000 ghostbusting
you making us bridges personal bridge
afraid of this thing yes that's why I
wanted this guy's wife is hitting the
house how long
oh I sure his card open it up I opened
it up and look at it I'll show her to me
there's a card in there maybe that's why
this is bent bull crud so there was
nothing abnormal in this thing like I
say man I don't know what all switches
in there there's two boards in there do
you think I do if you got a million you
got that other one in there you're doing
that was all fun I'm gonna be like a
walkie talkie system or something that
one row we're going there's two of them
you've been warned that everyone back
down so with the motherboard coming with
you don't say he's snapped
dude look I think I figured it out guys
we got a what got me up her tail
I can't eat it with this dude what else
I think you've checked the breaker box
to do this in my video guys watch it
we're going to Grandpa's house drawers
breathe in breathe out well in Logan go
swimming no such degree up what up what
up my oh you ain't happy to see me
I'm always happy to see you yeah I can
tell whoa what are you doing with that
guy's meet up okay hey are you cooking
now I'll watch more cuz I talk it's
crazy that we felt threatened by that
why cuz it's a nice whoa I just need
about 25 minutes of your time you boys
on man is that too much let's do it get
over you know what I'm doing right no
not really
Twitter Q&A again really Darren's that's
what yeah yeah let's put this away
yeah no need for that both right now
warning your Grandpa's house we're doing
Twitter Q&A
and all right head you can follow my
blogs no well tell him what the ghost
stuff afterwards like the Ouija who know
stuff huh the Ouija board stuff what
I'll talk to you later how many do you
having me is a lot look at all side you
you know I came here to Twitter Q in the
cafe to Humble me no because he Aldo go
back that's not true bull you are going
to follow the broth less than one time
and they had ly needed him to sign like
a thousand pictures maybe sitting on his
front seat of his car for eight months
look ahead and log done so you guys know
I don't do a thing that I feel like I'm
some sort of celebrity I don't know why
somebody wants my seat out either they
want or they won't mind either
you can have it I just feel so I feel
silly signing something so guys so what
is this for that so people in the Volvo
firing on them well I've got people
happy out of how to get a a twisting a
true tonight are you guys you want to
know more about this go to grandpa's
twitch have numerous bands in the bar
nice we just did the Twitter Q&A you
guys thank you so much for all the
questions you really give it a nice read
boys what do you believe this with Ouija
board yeah you need to quit that yeah
what is your problem I agree because
ghosts are real man I've seen those how
that experiences will go okay I'm not
saying ghosts aren't real
I'm not said that oh you're looking for
trouble in your life what I'm saying is
why does a board have anything to do
with like ghosts for some reason they
say that they but it got up they just
they blow through it so how come I think
is very ham sandwich you'd be like oh
spirit of my age maybe maybe you got a
pork dead person then it would but don't
you got weed people or dead person know
it's really the breezy bored man they
they take challenging shows to that
why why I don't know I'm not a ghost
I'm not a medium that I'm telling them
unique with that you had melted but
heartaches at the end of it why do you
think that I've seen go I've seen them
they turn around how was this before I
do in this minute so please use Bridget
please not on any one time delight as
already one times did we bored and she
has not heard help and she died four
days later
now I ain't that's not that is true okay
we're not hiding it it's like taking the
TV can contact spirits because of the
movie poultry cheap Ford they go through
a man have you ever used a Ouija board
yeah it has me really what happened the
other person pushing it in no it is but
there's no the answer so you ask the
question only you added originally I
knew it you answered it and your beeper
I'm being for real you swear on grandma
no grandma they're not maybe you should
do it my goal cuz I don't think I'm
going to be in the room with you legit
we have to do it everybody could like
for it that means you could have a David
okay they doesn't have their problem
always bring that advice under like me
they don't believe in it a unit version
of that miles I'm sorry your little 79
did you wear the damn thing upset why
because you was bad you do all that what
does that even mean I believe that it
could you want to mess with it
no arm old family is one that I'm not
decimal Hugh included I on this with you
know I have not I have not come out
thank you get the set calm down I will
ask a question for you well it was it
point this thing to be point be like
that
I'm just including you what is that is
it sweetie for changing point your thing
to be right there good because I'll
break you'll fix it I'll be sorry for
morning but we're all a part of it why
Michael I'm not a part of it either
reported it how part of it yeah
all right so you're going to do that to
all of us I know what Dad I'm letting
everybody know right now we're doing the
3:00 a.m. Ouija board challenge file and
we're doing it tonight no we're not
tonight 3:00 a.m. tomorrow's vlog 3 a.m.
we deport challenge Nathan up deal let's
go to my house it'll be here don't get
me mad now make me my clothes I'm not
doing it you're going to be included
good I don't want kale
I see boards good with it the more you
can do it I'm not Jonathan goes buzz
they are very of those would you not
train knowing that a Ouija board exists
for men probably why were you able to go
down boy promise laundry you go you go
you go logging or leave that way you go
right where's your throw it away
whatever you really feel strongly like
yeah you using the Ouija board
dude Silas please applaud aleni you know
yeah hi your ass look at that one is no
easy for you Danny you throw it away
you gotta get it I think we should burn
in it it's just toys and God when did
you lose that's it we're done
we're all are you crying why are you
crying my he will give just about goes a
lot
no I was really looking forward to it
when you think I'm gonna like look
forward you this cover the boys bridge
and I've had it with this it's over
let's do it so you can point a neat yeah
good you deserve okay shut it now we
just put on the camera hate it go I'm
right over here why are you really proud
anymore I'm fine now I'm America
man I'm really sorry for freaking out
you guys I just get really frustrated
sorry for crying I'm pretty sure means
no easy board so yeah boy what's yo
anymore
yes that's how we use it and a good
amount of it you're making that up
I believe you yeah we're do not believe
I believed other other way you have to
hold it own house we were playing on the
counter see see it does have J then you
would have what did the gums look like
look like a little kid Oh Z Julia Ovid
orange are you calling BS on this like I
am probably cause it I'm happy every
night I believe all yet okay then JC is
long he although he's not lying about
this
definitely not bro you would have actual
physical proof of the other side you'll
be the only one end okay okay um tonight
that can we I'll believe you
okay guys so I'm going to leave Michael
here because he really wants to use the
Ouija board and I'm having it hi there's
just something about you know Ouija
boards I don't care for and
Hey yes I'm leaving you here because you
want to play with the Ouija board are
you joking
now let's please love you alright guys
alright a lot of it
I'm not interested in Ouija board
okay I will do it okay let's do it now
definitely wrong
I'm just a little place where we g1 no
you're not nothing is and I'm using it
