I don't even know what that cookie do me
there's heat offers to the ghost last
night two ghosts laughs not arrogance
all right well broken happening smell
Bridget going on you guys okay Oh - good
Wednesday before we get to the outer I
wanted to show you a progress report on
our new debt if you don't know what
we're talking about gentlemen following
the back the deck out back is just sort
of falling apart it's over ten years old
like how old is it it's like 14 years
old a treasure trader lumber guys it is
a really old deck we're getting a new
one you saw it yesterday wait she with
the dogs up yeah one second now the dogs
will put up I want to show you I want to
bother the guys while they show that
locket I don't know those the guys while
they're working I just want to give it a
shot as you can see everything is ripped
up right now not bother you just showing
it showing the progress so as you can
see everything's ripped up hold you
everything's getting put on you guys
let's go through this in trust what's
going on you guys get me on a camera
here do I see you right there and today
is Wednesday today is Wednesday and you
guys if you didn't see the vlog that we
uploaded yesterday Charlie caught a
ghost we are haunted I don't want to
believe we're haunted guys one of the
biggest concerns that I have if we're
haunted is the ghosts watching me take a
shower
I'm not exactly sure what Charlie got I
do know that it's probably easily
explainable I mean what is we're not
haunted but Charlie is haunted
I don't know guys I don't think there's
anything that we caught and I think
Charlie is like really paranoid right
now he is overly paranoid and it's
pretty scary guys he's freaking out he's
wondering what I did I didn't do
anything okay we're on it you ready for
this Bridget no guys we're opening the
Ouija board please do not open that in
the house in the house yes in the house
it's haunted was like a nun Brella don't
open it in the house
maybe Bridget I don't know anything
about this let me ease your mind right
now okay see this yes this is for ages
eight plus okay I don't think they're
going to give an eight-year-old the
portal to Hell okay all right you trust
me all right
but can you just open it outside
no I'm opening right here all right and
I'm gonna chance to the Ouija gods no
you're not doing something goes howl
stop it you don't joking right wasn't
really no power okay sit hey technical
difficulty
no fine it might be a sign dude there it
is folks
however if you're really scared we took
a look at this thing I am kind of scared
of it I don't like it
what all right
no one's I'm sure has one point class
full house only one cool question are
you a spirit oh okay we got it here it
is folks got all the spirits in this
house go see Charlie in the pool house
not us we don't care
you guys don't scare us I got all our
Bridget terrified right now
one more thing that I gotta do folks oh
oh please stop you crying are you
serious right now
Bridget it's a board game babe I'm gonna
do this with you I'm scared it's Bridget
it's a board game critic there's nothing
to is the board with some letters on it
it's a mockery of this photos can I
include this in the blog no I won't if
you don't want me to I just wanna do it
what are the world Bridget I'm just
scared
really I don't want to get too fat it's
freaking out the portals oh it's not
guys we're using the mood board or edgy
board or it's just a door or gotta see
this is right I was just in here a few
minutes ago hold on I'm into it look
okay I won't mind Donna check under the
table for what a speaker so cool I get
torn apart the full house looking for
the speaker that I use to make the ghost
toys we're just gonna look man over do
you want to see a smoking gun
show show the camera your smoking gun
approve look at this figure right here
what is that it's a pretty good speaker
man
data's in the wallet foot hide it right
behind I think you ain't even see when
he was to to thing book I would you
paranoid I don't even know what that is
broke up cookies away there's peace
offers to the ghost last night to ghost
last night here here Corrigan alright Oh
Roman happening smellin he's never
Bridget you snap dude that you baby snap
finally didn't grow I see them from
logic Bridget okay take some logic at me
whatever this couldn't open right yeah
and the guys going to addictive like it
Oh what's for dinner on I don't know
what you're cooking well yeah because
that's an awkward look at them dude we
didn't do anything
oh man oh it's just hollow up in there
flashlight with my plus my head damn it
this is crazy we didn't do anything
charlie
yeah that boy sound sound suspect is
that the other cool people to go yeah
and burned house with a house I'm
concerned for your brother's mental
space cava did you liked it no this is
crazy
this is legit seriously yeah I'm not
believing in the ghost idea I'm moving
to me is the I'm hungry Charles my world
is upside down man I'm freaking out I'm
letting you know from me I didn't bug
the pool house with a speaker I I don't
know that a speaker like that exists now
that the one you've found is weird
what y-you don't know a speaker like
that exists I don't miss her computer
whiz I've never seen it before is a what
we find it I'm hidden camera video do
you remember the hidden can brother my
god what hidden camera did I use you
probably learned from that bitch woman
this was my hidden camera how I learned
from that so everybody thinks that I'm
some genius like when people came over
thank you
yes is evil Michael's not killed at
globe the night light in our bathroom no
in the bevel does a nightlight looks at
camera somebody flipped it because they
thought it was filming him use the
bathroom
Oh God Boyer and we keep doing to look
at your man behind camera cause there's
like seriously I didn't fog anything and
you smash leave this rigid I'll clean it
up looking up munchies snap I'll paint
it up I was going to buy her keys no
that's the couch go stuff yourself Mike
likes tanner
black bean where did you read that ghost
like hook like offerings and stuff like
that are like you know do you think that
loan on it if it Nia my figure like
you're Roma's and stuff like that we'll
bring them back but we're going to the
fall you want to come might as well make
their butts up now let's go we're going
to publish you guys getting stuff for
dinner
old Tom Hanks over here this course are
getting smaller
do you quit belittling me brother like I
hear you're making it grow you know I
got no word no comment neither do I got
no words
let's get out I mean I don't got where's
either man that's crazy
the only words that I know you crazy
that's not the word you believe this Oh
guys I'm telling you personally I did
not buggy anything in this house right
here you know right here stop trying to
be playing everyone knows I do not
always like her it really good everyone
knows we would have like done this on
her Channel
I don't know what happened hey Eddie
note essentially where's that reject
Wyatt the speaker oh god I bet ah it's
out the side over here
speakers are over here it doesn't take
much to run and run a simple little wire
from there
up through here all the way down that
after it really does take a lot though
you could be it could be like an open
toe in old intercom or something forever
bar censored the well yellow radio thing
help me I'm in the world maybe I'm
looking Nick he's admitting god oh my
god reading it snaps really did not
quite because Lincoln Charlie I'm gonna
make a think that we did what submitted
so cheese's yeah we ought to talking
about she thought you pointed at me I'm
sore her charlie
no I said yeah Burt are less well I read
that chief is gnarly
no way I don't worry I'm going to hear
it you're a good little what I was gonna
hear why are you so parent I don't know
it's like freaking me out sergeant
ruined your clips to get the cut out now
what is why I use this one embarrassing
me not embarrassing me but I'm not
embarrassed at all one from the
bathrooms none because these are hot
patient right now they're trying to boss
me Charlie chill you got me you're
Charlie paranoid I need a chill pill
yeah yeah he'll turn off for you all
right yeah yeah
I can't believe we got away with it I
can't believe we got away with it either
that's like all I had to do was save
right now yeah say yeah
are you call so left you've got to
return you're so paranoid and got a ball
we're pretty weak
that was a 3 wheatly month up to half a
nerd here we go foe ketchup and mustard
okay so I'll take guesses we need to
fall out man some falls out every time
I'm going with hot dogs I'm going with
pickles please don't be the pickles hey
thank you dr. pepper yeah I know right
sweet Lueck is dr. pepper is it like
cherry cola I don't know what is collect
I know he means like what's the flavor
combinations of that effort
oh okay question but is it a cross you
know the answer to it nor my qualified
answer that's above my pay scale guys in
the comments what is the flavor
combinations of Dr Pepper period right
here not root beer I never won one role
right now I got a lot of people writing
me on Twitter and there's some people on
YouTube and they're asking me if I'm
going to VidCon and last year I went to
VidCon and I really swore I was going to
go to VidCon test here because last year
was probably the greatest time in my
life first things first
boogie2988 you are the MVP he took me
around guys he treated me like family he
took me to dinners he hung out with me
he showed me around boogie you're the
man unfortunately this year I couldn't
go to VidCon because of VidCon so long
story short last year what I was on the
floor at VidCon a bunch of people
gathered around it I loved it but VidCon
did not love it so they said for my
safety that I should leave VidCon no no
excuse me first they asked me to go to
the second floor it happened on the
second floor so then they said maybe
that I should leave VidCon so I wanted
this year to try to get an all-access
badge so that they don't ask me to leave
like I'm there for an hour and they're
not like hey get out of here I didn't
want to say anything last year about
because I don't want to you know
smack-talk VidCon you know I love VidCon
I didn't want to start me drama or
trouble or anything so I was like you
know what let it slide they asked me to
leave it's for my own protection so I
asked this year if I could get an
all-access badge and the person replied
and they said maybe I just shouldn't
come to VidCon so I didn't come to
VidCon you don't want me a VidCon VidCon
I won't come it's like it sucks because
I don't want to go all that way and then
them asked me to leave when I'm there
for an hour so I was hoping that I could
get a badge so I could just get off of
the floor for a little bit and then get
back in there but if they're just going
to ask me to leave then it's kind of
so that's the reason I'm not at VidCon
you guys I wanted to take a minute to
talk about it I hate it I wanted to go
to VidCon I'm sorry that I'm not there
boogy I love you I wish I was there
hanging out with the man Meadowood
finebros it really vitaly it was the
best time of my life so anyway not there
I'm sorry I wish I was hanging out with
you guys I don't know if McGuirk and I
get this going or not them hope you guys
have a blast I don't want to see it on
social media I gotta check out Twitter
for a few days because it depresses me
but that's why I'm not at VidCon guys
there are a lot of fingers being pointed
at me right now about the ghost town
that Charlie picked up on his vlog and
if you haven't seen that check it out
honestly I'm trying to tell you guys it
is not me I don't know what it was I
don't think it was a ghost but it was
not me
it's weird it is but anyway you guys the
reason I came out here is the deck guys
just left for a little while with the
lunch I want to show you the deck
boom look at this thing Hey
me I love you her bridge is that I
better be careful for nails Wow gotta
set the one no wow so I'm going to get
up here so this is the board but it's
going to look like they have the border
around it you guys this is going to be
the new color of our deck you know
person I'm scared of like snakes like
that where are you talking oh man that's
a foggy white I've really ah got to wear
shoes walking through this grass Bob you
know right now
tensions are high everyone is pointing
to blame and everybody nobody trusts
anybody so I cut deal
nothing brings people together like hot
dogs
uh porno folks hot dogs you can fill me
you know they think Brooks really goes
out already
I'm in a bad mood you guys cuz I just
block them Jason so it's hot dog in
Kony's and sausage dogs from trolley
favorite and green peppers and homemade
chili first we just come sit here it
salty on some hot dogs and some butter
on my cup here we're going to get home
because up but look I use way less
butter this time okay say this perfect
way less fun oh great I thought that was
the N it's not back oh my good people
don't watch me cook today hey if people
love the new time hot dog chili recipe
time our homemade chili sauce you guys I
got the recipe from Jeff and then I
brushed it up a little bit so first
ground beef with a little bit of water
and do like a look the water helps it
really crumble turn into crumble be next
up 15 ounces a tomato sauce
ketchup chili seasoning and then we
start mashing it up and it was
disgusting
we act accordingly this air is really
good you're joining I was discussing
talking today isn't your day though I
mean it's it all right day maybe that's
a sign when I'll talk about signs in
America even if you are like when you
show the chili sauce Lewis folks I'll
let you know how it is a few minutes if
I added anything
guys let's turn the camera off Michael
has burned himself three times so I'm
just going to film why'd it happen to
bad luck today I think it's a sign what
happened how to turn off I don't know oh
my god thank you just let me do this so
sit down maybe you should go to the room
and just leave it this is not my day
Burgess it's not your day
why do I have such a bad luck today I
don't know but it's worrying me you just
go sir a Ouija board related Renison in
it it's not it's just something that
happens some people have bad days okay
guys we're having hot dogs we're getting
Charlie over here we're going to patch
things up then we'll talk about some
Ghost Box stuff some Ouija board stuff
some co-op stuff so what is our course
of action next I don't know maybe we she
said she if you're saying if you didn't
do it your program date seriously I
didn't use it man if I would have told
you by now
yeah certainly well then we're going to
do the Ouija board chair right we ran
down yeah try to find some ghost
equipment and she can see what's in
there while I continue to search for
other equipment check it out folks
hot dogs uh not only one three to four
pm oh boy you made that chili yeah
homemade chili this hot boy and that
roulette the real thing baby fresh
onions
these are the way I eat my dog chili
onion must ballpark dog it boy
boom that's all I need okay
good to go so tongs this is the chicken
sausage and this is the red ones you
pick down okay
so I mean we the chicken was longer
so yes I'm grabbing what h-bar open the
double piston and then the green onions
and peppers right there well that's
going to be it for today you guys thanks
for watching going to get out of here
are you scared for us to use the Ouija
board guys I feel bad that she cried
about it but you feel better now at
least a little better
no it's made by a toy company gone so
damn why okay guys we're going to get
out of here thanks for watching we will
be using the Ouija board here pretty
soon I think sometime this weekend also
before I get out of here submit your
questions to hashtag ask a GP because
this weekend we're putting up the angry
grandpa Twitter Q&A so make your
questions right now smack the like
button if you made it this far and post
in the comment section
we've debarred people you'll be seeing
Ouija board okay okay how about that we
G okay forget I'll come on tell me now
stop it
yeah let's see Ouija leads e bye okay
Ouija in the comment section guys like
this have a buret or anything but you
guys and if you can't see me clips over
this picture it's because you're on
mobile I have a new outro I prefer this
Ouija board over what you really wanted
to do
why should just randomly throw this out
I was ready to end this what are you
talking about yeah
learn to order one off of ebay I wanted
order like a haunted booty one that's
not a Paltrow
