oh my dude is a few of your own welcome
to the next movement all right all right
bye sobriety life got strips around
right there to hearing what is that just
woke up you guys
it is early once today who's that
Tuesday and I told you yesterday we were
ripping out the deck and getting a new
one himself so that is where we're at
hello I get anxiety looking at it yeah
take a dive Charles Keefe won't only
walk on it and stuff like please I will
show you I'm a cat Walker don't mess
with it what are you doing there there's
a bug in my face yeah buzzing now what
good you got a bug in your or maybe it
was a maybe the spider on my broom would
have like anxiety we're like if you say
I feel it it was like a little frickin
fruit flies up in my eye like turn to
writing read about your hat maybe I get
it
no that's not the fruit fly come on what
is the proof flaw and take a little nap
oh man y'all embarrassing why the Fox
line they put the emboss in your head
you're like dude insist you ever heard
of a botfly on a Charles you're gonna
hurt yourself
all right bro please knock it off oh
okay you trying to show off
oh my god yay parkour parkour me wipe
this lens I can do it oh yeah doing that
neither why we really looks right I
really was gonna try so there's nails
sticking up your neck said I made it
well you also could have died
yeah hey like I say man you can do
almost die every day man a car this past
Yumiko swerved and hit you you'd hear
well you're making it a certainty oh my
god oh my entertainment for the day I'm
just going to Greg you want to come up
and like I gotta get that log from this
Dale how can we help you up
are you able to rock dude if I find if I
Drive on this day I'm gonna cut buster
Michael Thursday's your life to help
small you can't help you up
don't you grab the door close the doors
in hand yeah
so low light like our like 103 there we
go who did it
teen doors running exercise you don't
know how would you again he got really
screwed you saying I was here in the big
it puts the lotion on the skin or else
it gets the hose again put the lotion in
the basket you people like what a
hospice people is like yeah you're kind
of like right now we do have a hub pit
yard allowed there that's my secret
place oh my god
three Bob you want to come on out of
here now
no I just want to sit like this
thankfully someone girl with them
installing the deck right now we got to
bring the dogs use the bathroom in the
front yard and Bella is the only one we
can trust
off the leash she does too trustworthy
she feel sweet she's the only one we can
trust awfully she guys yes the only one
lazy ladies being lazy will be over
there right now and then running in the
middle of the street yeah collide I'm
not really sure Clyde I would probably
just follow lazy and then get really
confused like man and I don't know
nobody so mind of the camera okay so I
just did a video talking about the
Tenenbaums and God was cooking because
because of my stove and somebody there
was a voice on video that I didn't hear
while I was filming if somebody caught
that somebody told you what it says he's
cooking no I can hear your hat in here
holding it over you up
here it where did you set it well I did
here redness honey go back part oh
you're a parent like to listen I know
I'm not hearing it there's stove right
there yo Oh
oh my dude there's a few of your own
welcome to the next event
right right right right sobriety life
got correct strap right there to hear it
what is that what again it's y'all later
that that so like cooking
yeah I heard cuz I don't hear this man
what right right right
trick shrimp right there dude tell me
you don't hear that I heard that I
didn't be watching dudes it's dead that
is the end of damn Tenenbaums right
there so what changed its day they say
anything Lantana bottles about dude it
was it was it was on this pause screen
right here after just after the movie
the whole time movies no hotline there
was nothing going on so I didn't hear
but it happened well the fan
full-fuller-fullest dude it's just a
straight verb
I don't know this dude I think you're
awesome bro don't say that
hate your heart yeah I think you're
wanted I think I am too
I think something follows me I think so
too I think we should get a Ouija board
I don't want a wing keyboard I think we
should get a Ouija board
I'm Donald it no why would you want no
we get instant and candles and stuff you
know so we get a vote and invite not
invoke want to invite no we do not want
to invite anything because here I want
to know Bridget don't you want to know
proof of an asteroid I want them to go
away do you want proof of an afterlife I
will take me and haunted the rest of my
life to know the answer to that I don't
know we might open up some of the line
yeah exactly you guys there's another
side like this do you think it's a
darkness you think if there's a heaven -
there's a hell I need you to do me a
favor
swear on Skylar you didn't manipulate
anything that is not rare old Skylar I
have to do with this man I was filled
with my damn food and doing a stupid
ramen noodle video I want to get out of
here going to happen I'll be in here by
myself
here take it I know why I'm scared it's
under it yeah sounds like a man well I
told you of the guy that was your horse
I'm not living in any mirrors roll the
windows for a while
Jockamo man please do this there's
anybody in here why did they say so why
of always seeing something right here
why didn't we hear the damn knocks over
here bother dude you're on to something
bro I don't know that I don't like it
okay
maybe times your bathroom or something
here what was wife was cooking dinner
and he died yeah God is I just also cold
you know but I literally do that guys
look at my eyes man dude
serious man this is a dope joke bro
did the was like I said when we came
here to our house there was a little
lady living in here and she had made
mentioned that her husband had died the
year before oh you're right here and
we're going to be going to target in
just a second you guys Bridget I'm sorry
ahead of time I'm getting a Ouija board
so yeah guys deck is all ripped up being
put in over there guys smack the like
button if you want us to use the Ouija
board in the pool house Ouija boards are
a game right I don't believe in that
stuff I'm not trying to be one of those
youtubers that suddenly into the
paranormal but after something like that
and the video the other day I don't know
so smack the like button and we will do
the 3 a.m. Ouija board challenge I I
can't explain it the bridge of them
getting a Ouija board she's gonna have
to be good with it we are headed to
target right now guys I don't know if
you know this but it is storming like
crazy but it's really hard to the camera
it's drizzling I bet I know you're
thinking right now what you're probably
thinking that it's a sign that we're
going to pick up a fricken
Ouija board and it's starting to drizzle
don't you I'm sorry I'm not making up a
Ouija board we already run Ouija board I
am going to target and I'm going to play
afterwards
we're picking up a Ouija board we're not
taking up a Ouija board my goal yeah
enemy s do you think it's a sign
do you I just see a sign absolutely this
is a sign
she believes that folks wholeheartedly
absolutely if it was pouring I would say
you might have a point
okay but it's a drizzle okay alright if
it pours
let me yes you read the weather evidence
okay
she's so backhanded though it's not
storming anything it was I don't know
anything about the future weather okay
going to clean up a Ouija board
well Wow Wow that looks like a sign
that's not a sign that is a fine
yeah fine don't we what no yes No
how will they this is a sign we
shouldn't get it it's a sign that we
need to look harder we got a search
harder and work harder to get this thing
why can't you take signs of a man sir
this is a sign so no Ouija boards a
target guess we're going to Walmart no
we're not yes we're going to what if
they don't have it then it's a sign
all right let's go that we need to go to
Amazon wake up I did nothing
it kind of sounds like you man I bought
the top on you did I'm talking in the
video yes dude I will go over here in
that house all will searches okay voice
recorder let me get this straight
you think I put in a voice recorder in
the house cameras okay you're just
paranoid the word you are fair enough do
that why are the camera system all over
the place it's not it so here's what
here's why I would have had no plan I
would have had to hidden a camera
somewhere on your house plan for you you
already had one stake for ps4 Oh God
we meet once got my ps4
here oh yeah oh yeah I heard the
clockwork I have a history of hiding
camera so I'm going to search that out
in my phone I'm gonna walk down there
you know cameras let me do it she going
the house oh I love you bye wall let me
just make my dough I go in the house I
loaded a my boy
so for this theory to work yo this guy's
building the deck what if one of the
gate guys is walking by the window and
says the windows are for the window was
open
yeah what he was like cooking so was it
why why are you trying to get him
because I don't believe it was it go
silent but I don't like being accused
and I know wasn't Michael because you
have told me by now
now here's the be here would have he
would definitely found it here is camera
over I personally don't hear the cookin
one I do here so now when I'll give you
I hear it cooking either way it could
have been anything could have been a
radio one could have been the TV could
have flickered the station for a second
who knows any number of things the scope
the microwave your stomach it is heavy
it could be anything all that matters
through putting it sounds like the stove
I sound like I do something to hear
stuff that one I'll give but that could
also been for work in the pot scraping I
don't know whether this well I'm gonna
go search you really think I would do
that stop me and wild load will look it
is your phone yeah go search
so Michael is taking climb out this
guy's we don't have a back door right
now so I've got to walk into the front
yard ticket for it I would join you but
I don't I get the camera what so you
guys know Britt was already out here
with lazy and validating lives is being
more suffering for you both glad you
gotta go pee boy how'd you win it all oh
if I'd read the part and I had to do it
buddy
okay this is a Stephen King book I got I
got a narrative for them sorry another
time giving it no you're not yes I'm
getting yellow my soul it's not anything
okay little and if you guys all think
that it was me who made the freaking
voice anyway they could keep accusing me
up then what's the big deal giving it
the comment didn't do it you really
asking me that
just tell me to know it was not made it
is does it sound like me do I mean no
not really
I'm just going to make sure so if it was
definitely wasn't you you are definitely
not getting a Ouija board
I'm getting the Ouija board no you're
not yes I am guys you want to be fun fit
we're getting a Ouija board
trifle Orient's not used to be bored
what please are you think you've argh
why cuz they're real versa they are not
real can i film the rain no Michael
please don't use it why bro what am i
why do you believe in them so much your
real way why do you say that I know I
just know it oh yeah you've had one work
for you before have the dead
I don't believe Tabitha listen oh why is
my fate a liar I just want some the rain
bro it's awesome looking Wow Michael
what a coincidence what is you getting a
Ouija board and all of a sudden it's
boring okay yeah I bring a Ouija board
in the house and was pouring down rain
that's a sign to you but we got to use
it I don't want to lose well we're gonna
go bridge it okay what do you want from
it I want you to not use it why let me
give this gun okay I'm really doing it
but if I get too sad well maybe you'll
fall back in like this how's it feeling
anxiety what in the pool house I need
you there for the challenge so you've
got to be there with me for the Ouija
board things
yes Michel why scary guys might go like
one if you wants to do the Ouija board
challenge we're doing it despite what
Bridget says it's just a board it's made
by Hasbro okay
Hasbro does not have a ticket to the
other side
Michael you don't know that let me film
the rain kidding I don't have time today
so guys I've told you guys my entire
history with ghosts and spirits I don't
believe in mum I do have a history with
them like when I was a kid I caught a
voice on a tape recorder that I thought
was a goat
yeah and I've written down stuff that
might be considered prediction yeah that
do we even have those notebooks anymore
shall we go let's find out pretty soon
yeah I want to just go through it again
we are on that video what her what
Charlie's video I don't believe that yet
you know you thought it was me but
you're saying it isn't you well why
would it be I don't know maybe you want
to prank guys this is enough I get no
trust for credibility in this
relationship at all I didn't know I
would not lie to you about that I did
not just not need okay I don't even hear
anything so you know hard stuff I heard
I heard soap but I don't hear the cook
in what he really is at least apart
after hearing not the so could have been
the air conditioning kind of like it
could have been the so like my final
order was it's a code Charlie could have
farted
I don't know what happened it was just
annoying in the column it could have
been a far better person
guys we're getting a higher sorry but
this part
and it sounds like so I don't know I
don't follow
okay I don't know I don't know so you
fart you're trying to tell me that it's
like speak words no no cooking
Wow Charlie has been do ya like a
waterfall
well that's my shower for the month oh
no I got on the camera well that's going
to be it for today guys thanks for
watching ordered a Ouija board off of
Amazon we're going to get in a couple of
days max alike but if you wants to do
the 3 a.m. Ouija board challenge guys
not click like for that we'll be haunted
why are you so scared of this I'm very
scared
Bridgette Ouija boards are made while a
Hasbro or something ok come what
so using has work Hasbro has a portal to
the other side what do they do
people believe in the Illuminati
what is that's real and what if the
Church of Harry Potter existe my a
member now maybe it's not a virgin it's
just a thing it's superstition ok is it
weird what's Charlie captured yeah well
is it explainable yes
No Oh what if it was the guys working on
the Jane they had a microwave setup okay
what is going hey let's cook yeah wait
ok bridge yeah the only explanation is a
ghost right it's definitely it goes that
it was you so hey cooking this sounds
like it right made my house dough okay
it is what it is guys what do you think
it was do you think it was me did he was
Bridget I think it was some natural
occurrence like oh wait uh-uh
what wait yeah explain my anxiety attack
you an anxiety attack when you took an
aspirin once and you crap your pants
remember that you easily have anxiety
why you know did I thought inside like
in the poor house guy like subscribe
favorite fun and everything fertilized
are we haunted
question yes right good know we have 100
how no wait where did we get this I
think I got that for you a while ago
well and now it's an aged Ouija board
Ouija god I don't know
oh stop it guys were using this thing no
we're not
