you know the rules of jinx you can't
speak until you give me a coat that's
not the pepper coke yeah we are the
Cassie products in this house
what's going on you guys
hope you're having a happy Monday my
Monday is going a lot better than my
father's day right guys if you didn't
see the video we uploaded yesterday we
had a little bit of a unhappy Father's
Day if you will dad was not having a
guys he was not in a good mood
I don't really know why it is he just
was not in a good mood but that's not
what I want to talk about right now I
want to talk about the Terminix employee
that just left our house because I have
got to get that guy on video guys we
just had a terminex employee at our
house and he was like mr. Magoo like if
you don't know who mr. Magoo is he's the
kind of guy that one thing leads to
another and he walks in through the
front door and he pulls the curtains
down and when he pulls the curtain down
suddenly the foundation of the house
collapses like nicest guy in the world
he was just very clumsy I offered him
something to drink he accepted I give
him the coke and he pops it open and it
sprays everywhere no guys I'm pretty
sure he was shaking it himself before he
opened it and it just sprayed everywhere
and he was just oh my god it's
everywhere
now when the Terminix employee comes
into your home they take their shoes off
it's one of their rules now guys it was
a beautiful bright day kind of like this
well it leaves that part of the sky
none of this this wasn't here it was all
this when he goes back outside to get
his shoes it is pouring down rain and
this guy is freaking out next he's
coming down our stairs and as he's
coming down by the way the noise you'll
hear and there is Bridget playing Jason
this becomes collapsing with a whole
bunch of stuff and he comes stumbling
and he's apologizing it didn't have to
apologize I was actually really enjoying
having the conversation with them and
while we were having the conversation he
told me that he wants to do YouTube
which of course getting to know the guy
I wanted to help him do YouTube so I
asked him to show me some of his videos
and it turns out he really likes to do
fishing videos now excuse to win if it's
loud guys I have not shared this with
you yet I really want to do fishing
videos with grandpa they like to go
fishing Doug likes to go fishing this
guy likes to go fishing so I'm watching
the videos first he's fishing and he
Falls and the water twice apparently it
happens all the time
apparently a tree fell on his boat one
time and this is the kind of stuff that
he films and I'm like dude mr. Magoo is
alive and on YouTube so I asked the guy
if he wants to go fishing with me and
Grandpa and he agreed Charles met the
guy the guy was like the nicest dude in
the world
like I said walking back to Walmart
singing a song and I mean him just
started talking me in which I knew the
guy forever I just met him you know he's
personality he was walking through the
house you call me on my cell he's like
58 yeah yeah dude that was awesome he is
great here we go or Jinky you can't
drink until you give you know yeah bitch
polite owe me a coke that's what happen
you mess it up you know the rules of
James you can't speak until you give me
a coke that's not the pepper
coke yeah we got a Pepsi products in
this house wait a minute oh lucky look
all right you won't give it to me cuz
you just thought oh I gotta get you're
gonna give me the coke now mate speak
for some reason I got the drink the coke
dude what you got to get yourself a cup
of hot jinx wart you owe me the couple
pinched poked owe me a co-ed well I got
it coke yeah yeah unblurred or a zero
well you better close mr. Granger damn
and have your own mr. Magoo moment
oh right now oh right there
bridget is showing her mom to jason game
for the first time way he's been
skipping you he's going away
wait I don't know if he is or not
actually yeah right there in front of um
oh shoot it for the Chunin why you
wasted it go guys and a few minutes I'm
going to tell you my story about this
Jason game oh you're safe thank you good
Bridget that's good and you jump in this
window jump in let's take us along guys
this game is terrifying I am sorry to
tell you
ah you died holding the baseball bat in
the car she could she has the keys to
drove off guys I'm telling you this
Jason story now hey over here
I hear hi you know last week I told you
guys to click the like button if you
wanted to hear a story about when I was
playing the Jason game a couple of weeks
ago and a lot of you click like and then
a lot of you were actually wondering
where the story was and why I haven't
told it yet and the reason is I've been
waiting for the right opportunity I mean
I couldn't just box out adjacent story
randomly right but now that we played
the game in the vlog I can tell the
story so it's really funny to meet you
guys it's about while I was playing
Jason a couple of weeks ago and it was
nothing but a room full of kid it was
really weird you guys I don't know if it
was like the first day of summer
or what was going on but I started a
Jason game and all of a sudden I'm in
the room and I hear like and I don't
want you guys to think I'm making fun of
this kids voice this is exactly what it
sounded like the kids started talking I
can't wait to stop playing Jam fun and I
was like whoa how old this kids in
another kid Oh me Jason's awesome like
you both know his name is Jason right
not Jason and another guy Jason's gonna
be crazy I look okay is there anybody
like old enough to actually play the
game and to have a Playstation account
raise your hand
no nobody guys the game starts I'm in
this house I'm looking for something
then this kid comes in the room and he's
like put down machete you get this
baseball bat
it's go way more knockout power oh my
god thanks a lot he hunted me that's
fine I pick up the baseball bat and he's
like let's get out of here we're going
to crap out his points and guys I'm like
I'm thinking Cole is dead well in my
business I'm like a babysitter right now
this really is a summer camp like this
is ridiculous guys we leave the house we
go to the next house the dude locks the
door and that's when it happened okay
this is why I did the store because it
was so funny
we're looting this cab and we're looking
for anything that we can get and next
thing you know I hear hey
can you guys let me in I need something
I need a weapon or something and the kid
starts freaking out you are fun no I'm
not yes you are saw it on the family I'm
gonna bless you and I look over this kid
is now in the corner with a gun aimed at
the door waiting for Jason to penetrate
the doors now I've got a frickin flare
gun and so the door bursts open I shoot
the guy with the flare gun and McKay
goes Corey she's gonna blast you let's
get out of here and next thing you know
the Jason I'm gonna kill you like first
number one that's the point you're
supposed to kill me
that's your part of the game - what is
going on we take off and run to another
cow Oh God
guys I'm afraid of birds and I don't
like with a fly over me go I don't know
what it is I feel like every bird that
flies over is gonna crap huh nah so we
take off running into the woods we all
migrate to another cabin I've noticed
that all the counselors are together in
one room I'm like wow there's like eight
people here right now this is this is
insane and they're all talking and
they're all kids
Jason's over there oh my god I thought
Jason Jason came at me and my bro is
Jason okay this is ridiculous I took off
out of the cabin
I ran to Jason and I let the guy kill me
because I don't want to be part of the
game anymore I could just left lobby
right I thought it was over my okay
maybe new people in the next round
nope I came back as Tommy Jarvis if you
guys don't play the Jason game if you
die one of you gets to come back as
another character they chose me man I'm
still there I walk back up okay I just
started jumping through windows and
walking in bare tribes because I was
done with the game guys that's the story
it's really quick it was just really
funny especially that cabin scene with
the you're Jason no I'm not
yeah if you always thought of the family
I'm gonna blast you anyway gonna do more
stuff wanted to tell the story I did
want to make it long I hope it was quick
enough let's keep this day going guys
excuse the way
just a minute I want to take a second to
tell you do two important things
tomorrow's vlog are you filming I'm
Selma good it's not of an awkward if I
said all that you know what it was on
here again two important things are
happening tomorrow's vlog number one we
are ripping this deck up folks it's
going yes new deck we're getting a new
one it's rotten smack the like button if
you want us to film the new deck being
installed I love this going to take days
for hours hurricane coming through
legacy this is more like a tornado guys
it's like the 10th time I try to film
the scene and the wind is ruined it
anyway the second and more important
thing happening in the vlogs Juarez will
make a Swedish meatball give it a cam
the way with my guys sorry the winners
you out you needed in the store the wind
is too loud
yes not nice when you're vlogging I just
had a dream I had a dream about a
tornado where you hugging your tornado
occasions to how the trash get to the
street I took it oh gee welcome home
welcome home charlie welcome Charlie I'm
going like why happened there you want
to go to the store I'm good you want
anything from the store no I'll wait and
did my bone on a budget ya call that
you're like just comes the Solarize will
get you what you want I got my noodle
swelling right now now that was my vlog
day you know you're ballin on a budget I
got I was like yeah
Michael is searching for Parmesan cheese
and he keeps passing it
I don't know how you can't see it do you
know work I can see it
quit making a mockery of you just keep
the parmesan that damn magazine is
really serious care because ammonia is
like five minutes searching for cheese
ridiculous I can't believe you can't see
it you don't see a problem dude fill me
we're on the spaghetti aisle is Parmesan
cheese not on the spaghetti
yes it is okay SUSE SUSE SUSE sauces
Mama's on cheese we are not keeping you
just turn to it a second ago didn't you
yeah I did okay which one do we get
alright making me pause with it no
Bridget yes Bridget I didn't want to
have time to be so happy
get that line this one yeah okay here we
go Parmesan cheese please I'm telling
you it's a sign abandon all hope and get
a bunch of candy that's what I'm telling
you Michael and it's not a sign how
isn't it that is definitely not a solid
you tell me that's a sign that we need
to get candy I need time if you really
want to get candy just get it but don't
blame it on mythically it's Pringles
flavored dill pickles I have a sign it's
also fun we need to get this hey I would
try it I've never tried to kill our
pickle Pringles sitting here I now
that's just a little strange but it's
not a sign it's a sign and is not a fire
there's another world that world was
like he needs candy and jiff to go okay
oh is that a sign too
I don't know what that sign actually is
for somebody else that seriously get
those that's a fine for somebody else
peanut boy or something
candy okay we're getting Pringles we're
getting candy we are getting all messed
up on candy and junk food sweet sweet
Moses Mormon that's got to be a sign
swedish fish
I don't even like Swedish guys I might
be a sign how that's modified that's
just candy in the store
that's not fat guys can you guess we're
making I'll give you a head it's not
Swedish meatballs what are you doing
Ritchie and witty and bright let's go
home and cook well not tomorrow night
can we have the night
yeah we're cooking them tonight we'll
see oh my gosh no I couldn't see it
through the screen you play it in to me
I'm purpose no like didn't did you see
that thank Lisa come predict that you
would get on perv a good one we are
about to make Swedish meatballs you guys
and this is everything that you're going
to need so you can make this at home I
guess you'll see everything else is
going this is just a broad shot of all
the wait a second what are you doing
there there this is all the stuff that
you're going to need to make Swedish
meatballs cut yeah don't don't use that
this this is what I meant
right now we have our meat which is a
combination of ground beef and ground
pork I bought it from Walmart already
like this and now we're going to put in
the rest of the ingredients which are
actually on the screen right now that is
all the stuff that we are putting in our
meatballs ooh
well looks good but it's not mixed
perfect and the next step is I need to
transfer all of them to this pan uh-huh
oh my gosh what happened magic guys it's
rigged it was me we made them in the
camera switch yeah no meatballs are
almost ready to take out Michael it
outside I'm going to crank on Michael
Michael amoebas are on fire what people
are hot
the meatballs are in fire
you know Bridget Klingon oh my god word
because I forgot ah well if I save the
day
not funny very funny you think kind of
funny it was hilarious oh I'm not sorry
I want all the Grimm how's he doing well
I wouldn't know hand you up though real
quick okay forgive me of course at least
you remember the meatballs yeah now are
they done almost time to start the gravy
okay our meatballs are done and now
we've got our sauce going which is
starting to thicken now guys I didn't
really have a recipe for this okay I
made like a gravy then I had a beef
broth and heavy whipping cream it's
pretty crazy and simple and I really
don't know what I did no recipe now
we're going to add our meatballs grease
included so all you people who think
this is healthy a times oh man okay no
grease we're going to put them into one
at a time nice meatball in meatball and
I'll be right back right now we're gains
an egg noodles excuse us dramatic music
that's Jason this is not like a dramatic
scene so egg noodles pull that over here
boom now guys I want a little more time
to let it thicken
but this vlog is going to go up soon so
I got to give it as it is so a little
bit of
this mix over the noodles here we go
folks Swedish meatballs I hope it's good
nice fellows meatball first one made how
many meatballs in a while
forget a lot of meatballs mmm I got to
try this
mmm God Swedish meatballs so bad player
says you guys have to sit a little
longer it is in the soupy side but it's
brick and nine o'clock right now we're
going on and this blog has got to go up
it's so freakin good Michael say goodbye
for the camera even if it burns you had
to burn yourself now you didn't really
have to
well that's going to be it for today
guys thanks for watching sorry the vlogs
up a little late dang Swedish meatballs
took so long to make
they were so worth about Michael wow
they were really they were very good
amazing and it's really a bad fish
meatballs you know rain I'm only made
sweetie bald like three times in my life
yeah these are great guys we're getting
out of here thanks for watching like
subscribe favorite foreign everything to
us and I got a prank you back for that
no I got you know I got to that's it
oh you guys I love you more I love you
say your wedding is like tomorrow next
week we're all I'm getting married a bum
no no no you said it the other day it is
next week yeah your wedding is this week
with all of our subscribers I'm marrying
1.7 million is that legal
I don't think that's legal we could try
guys were joking go out people go like
wailing no
favorite burnings done and that's funny
I do know I love you more no food
