well each cake we're leaving soon
first things first
in happy Father's Day all you father's
out there first-time fathers experienced
fathers whatever if you're a father
happy Father's Day to you guys today at
Father's Day and today we're going over
to grandpa's house for a little bit of
Father's Day Sunday dinner before I do
anything else in this ball you guys I
wanted to take a minute to talk about
yesterday's which if you didn't see it
number one I got grandpa smoker for
Father's Day which is how he's cooking
us dinner today but number two and more
importantly we went ghost hunting at
Charlie's and you guys we caught some
stuff we caught voices we caught
responses on the ghost locks
we caught knocks it was I don't believe
but to me it's the closest we've ever
gotten to anything on the ghost boxes if
you haven't seen it check it out guys
it's terrifying the pool houses on it
not I believe but if I were to believe
it's on it let's go get Charlie speaking
of the haunted house guys right now I
got to go get Charlie because we were
going over to Grandpa's house for a
little bit of Sunday dinner and like I
said a minute ago this place is haunted
guys we heard voices the ghost box was
pick
haha Jesus I was hoping you in and see
me oh my god Here I am talking about
this place being haunted all of a sudden
to me grabs me and screams what are you
doing coming to get you see Freddie go
to father's Day dinner oh geez rah ah
that is not I did it yeah you did it I'm
not ready for this
I got a sit man well first things first
happy Father's Day
thank you appreciate this sir gonna give
me a handshake is your day - yeah happy
Father's Day I guess every said dad is
making us some give me a second you know
you can't go to Father's Day dinner if
you break your ankle why why they serve
dinner in the hospital oh my god that
was like nothing people like that dude
people are like oh my god yeah I can't
do I remember I used to try and it just
did not work for me you know huh you
probably don't oh this is not good for
me this is so hot I've walked a bare
feet all my life whoa oh yeah you see
I'll be like dad Charlie was supposed to
be here but he bust his face on the
ground I would be like damn out of snow
man popping that arm was joke to the
Greek so how was your sleep last night
it was good actually any ghostly things
happened no severed the knocking on the
door I didn't tell anybody about that
letter I'd let you I heard I heard three
knocks on the door and I thought it was
Michael it was like it was like it was -
oh here I'll show you it was it this
destroyer here though oh wow this title
I guess
G or Noah yes
that's like the same thing that I was
doing the other night that shaving a
hair tie and then well you did that same
thing yeah the other night we were
knocking two three times yeah guys last
night child comes knocking on the door
I'm on the phone
it was like there's really not you it's
like - really holiday somebody was
knocking up it wasn't security they're
just chilling in the frickin yard guys I
don't know what to make of it yeah I had
the door open and a light on it's like
1:00 a.m. when everybody go to Grandpa's
house you ready for some Father's Day
dinner don't you Aaron hello well you're
dressed let's get ready
you got not doing it open up oh yeah
we'll get you some training wheels on it
what's going on you guys
Kibby on a camera here for to us here
right there and today is Father's Day
today is Father's Day at number one
happy Father's Day to anger grandpa
number two how did Father's Day to my
dad and number three
happy Father's Day to Charlie number
four happy Father's Day to all you
father's out there guys happy Father's
Day today is the day where you celebrate
your father's I'm going to celebrate
mine I love you dad I'm glad you got I'm
glad you were happy yes what even led to
prank them I know I did guys if you
didn't get poker so it worked out if you
didn't see the video we uploaded
yesterday I did that hi Jimmy Kimmel I
love my phone or what it's called okay
all right dad please Jimmy Kimmel
challenged us to put her every year we
did it anyway it's stupid it's a stupid
challenge I did it it's better than like
doing something hurtful to him because
he is 66 out of our time car anyway it
is stupid though Jimmy but anyway if you
haven't seen it check out the link below
Jimmy Kimmel I told my dad I love them
and I tried to scare him as much as I
could and it works for the most part so
it's cool anyway today is Father's Day
today we're going over to grandpa's
house go check out the video on the main
channel let's get out of here
yes smut style smoke style yeah your dad
smoked a bunch of food fathers they
style should I like just barge in or not
because they got mad Lessman just
abortion i just knock yeah did you
release it oh yeah oh yeah oh man
are you getting tired man we'll just
woke up when you just woke up
oh is is three cooking cooking what when
I knew up smokey you giving oh that's
right - its Dan Thank You Bridget I got
pop a smoker yesterday that's why you
said if I didn't get you smell grind to
leave that's right is everything I would
have had to leave no I would do to you
well milk's haven't followed through to
bullet you ready to come inside you some
say in here from Al Gore's obvious guys
Father's Day happy Father's Day to
Grandpa
hence I see grandpa thank you much thank
you much is your dad coming yes all
right
where's Joe owners wife can't be here
real soon so come on man you entertain
me oh my god okay you can say sitting
down I'm just trying to liven up the
vlog here load let you come feed us
would you cook you know good I didn't
either
okay guys so this is how Michael is one
he's not listening to anybody paying
attention we do it level
we're doing I think we should break out
hey man you gonna kill their Jimmy
Kimmel Live Meeting the thumbnail
wonderful I think we should break out we
should break out what we should pick out
do we get we'll do Jimmy Kimmel why are
they were watching me I just think we
should break up why are you filming this
Louie Gloria you're ignoring every game
James II going around it I'm all avoid
video here is like completely oh no no
you got an answer
yeah like I didn't know it yeah I just I
we should break up and you're not even
like hearing it again you're joking
obviously it's already got me Chris was
open we broke it up look we hit turbos
Christmas present what is this my lord
I'm starting to like Kyle and getting in
the mode of editing I need to do this it
was hard to believe everybody I thought
he could multitask I do but I need to
focus on the video is Father's Day the
video has got to go up like an hour all
I could do my first like there is no
perfect yet I'm sitting here like
uploading it hurry up I need you my
first love why are you filming this so
hold on let me guess the theme Oh
everybody talking to me you put this on
my head everyone's dancing to the cable
thing to see if I could pay any
attention to anybody and I said we
should break that deal I'm single I'm
judging problems a president smoker and
bridges auditor cover the lens work
still together yet ah of course
spin it that was an awful spin your
phone on late right I think I am don't
know I'm not doing the spin now just
because you can't do it I like to do a
spin transition they're not for
everybody
how's dinner everybody look who likes it
the most me me ex Callaghan is
one-billionth out of lemon is not eaten
JC yeah I'm hearing yeah buddy
oh you mean your plate now okay your big
boy can make his own play yeah Charlie
made the plays for them no what is this
you don't like it y'all things always
scrub and let's everybody just strip
down what is this hmm yeah you got hurt
you're hurt right you don't like it what
is it but yes are you going look I'm
gonna swallow it but why don't you why
did you like it
laughs it's one laughs imitates any
better
yeah so you let me guess personal take
I'm gonna take my own assessment
do you hate it so you ate too much at
one time he's bidding me that's a
probably a good bite yeah he takes a big
bite he's got but I want to bribe them
you got shit a whole mouthful of chicken
and he can't swallow it so he has to
drink drink is that what happened he
does it all the time but he takes mother
bite thanks for watching I question why
you're such a small for one lima bean at
a time why we did it chicken guys know
I'm young chick in the eat giggle runs
the house yes sir okay yeah the
cafeteria whatever well now be all told
pop up your father's a yes hi mom we're
making we're making him a pot later the
card later very nice all right man later
it's Father's Day now that composes
limbs you didn't cover it somebody else
one thing shot this grandpa's plate for
Father's Day thank you by picking me
sorry
it is also Father's Day prefer
Oh boos first of all today some white
meat chicken how cute you want that boom
a little white meat again
congratulations boo you a father we
hooked up your mom your girl for
Mother's Day ha ha Lauren I really gotta
get my chicken right I ordered like
their feeder my dog jacket all right boo
happy Father's Day I know you don't love
me I know you want to snap from puts
down oh my god
is everyone there you go buddy happy
Father's Day
thank you ready try to pour some
barbecue sauce on the hallway she
misinterpreted a little baby's Bridget
well you don't know I think I got beat
up yeah somebody else just got here
everybody happy Father's Day
Doug if I say dad you haven't your
father's 804 did you get our problems a
president Lamborghini wasn't on the
front yard oh when we put it there so I
must been taken yeah we can we can
really give him a Lamborghini these did
you not get a positive present real oh
okay anyway happy Father's Day Doug I
can't show daddy be no snap at me but my
dad's in this area
happy Father's Day you never forget a
happy Father's Day Charlie fell asleep
at Father's Day I think he had too much
brisket or something she found asleep
you guys want to wait charlie yet we'll
be in this dude what it's late
nice I don't know
happy Father's Day screen doing grab
them and shake up your lame love it's
awesome cake a little bit of Father's
Day cake we have three fathers here
today four if you count boo-ah which you
should count boo-boo cow absolutely war
father talking over here you one of the
forefathers cake I know he says pop on
the cake that's because the boys picked
it up here we go
do we think for policies out of work
yeah happy Father's Day to you your
party you have things for wagon today
do you three four hours a day to you you
gonna wake now in trouble this all guys
it was so much more meat we've just
hibernated ourselves and just dust our
faces talk always falls asleep
every time we good with doing good and
it very good thank you your hair looks
good would you do that earlier I come
over here yes ah it's hell sure though
well each cake relieve it soon have to
follow you to bow ah nice try
applause I wanted my Ma's always go was
he bleeding to me look good I do is
there a towel no there was no tell I'm
just why are you bothered a fridge is
created a company for having a nice day
thank you bruising buddy like the smoker
I love this girl offer you cooking the
well no Matt cheese yeah I know I can
choose you blown through your mac and
cheese miss al on goofy gotta go guys
one time we filmed it or not dad made a
smoked mac and cheese it was it was it
is awesome
yeah well the burn of smoke but it looks
burned I think the answer gotta be
perfect
Oh smoker recipes yeah that's pretty
cool man
go low connotation cooking them in I
want to be surprised
I'm working guys we're going home dad
happy Father's Day
thank you minute love yes w-2 let's go
home yeah what a pretty God night Jesus
that would don't look burns up but it
was it was like gray and stuff inside
yeah your underwear your mac and cheese
I felt you buried it and dug it up maybe
it was class and you oh shit Intel
advantage Oh
okay Michael just so you know I am very
uncomfortable it's trying to fix this in
the house why because I feel like it's
like a Ouija board almost it's not a
Ouija board you this is a homemade ghost
laws right you remember your brothers
video that creepy sound that is not on
the radio we could throw some stuff all
the time
well this one was like it was in the
room with him looks like if it doesn't
work out what's wrong with it
maybe Mike
a word okay now let's put that outside
no way for those of you who don't know
this is I think I got some a gun in
Health paranormal or a told me where to
get it it's a homemade ghost lock
it's like far more creepier the
RadioShack thing just because somebody
like you just look at and they are
actually very scary uh but seriously I
got to ask you something what was wrong
with your dad today we mean please turn
that off bangerang
yes i don't want to be why then you not
want them we're not if we got a coaster
here this doesn't go to like hey what's
that noise look I don't care if your
brother's haunted but I don't want to be
harmed - okay what do you want I
declared that his box
not Arthur's okay what about dad okay
they angrily yeah what was wrong with
him today
we didn't even film any unit so I did I
figure I won't talk about it yeah I mean
that was just one of those things I
could not record you know how it is of
course guys I don't know what happened
okay long story short we were eating
dinner after dinner was over I went in
the kitchen decided to clean the dishes
and grandpa was already doing it and he
snapped that like really loud I always
thought your JJ's I know oh my gosh and
I was kind of like oh my god oh my dad
just goes down I get it my I know what
I'm doing just go sit the hell down I'm
not angry bro I was like why are you so
mad enough piss me off I'm not mad
and I'm like clearly yeah yeah my name
like clearly yeah
I don't know what's a problem honestly
dry I don't know yeah I don't know
either
I I'm sorry guys I didn't record it but
it was just one of those things where if
I did it was more shocking anyway I'm
sort of in the moment before we even
realized to record it anyway but so yeah
he would have thrown me out legit till a
baby he's still mad about the Jimmy
Kimmel thing yesterday I maybe is I
don't really got him a smoker after that
though true so like he's like would be
like maybe he forgot he got him a smoker
and then he was just like harping on
that prank he can't have been
that way we didn't cook I bet them not
to I know I don't know what it is maybe
somebody will get it out on us be honest
you know squid stream or something out
of I don't know what was wrong you guys
yeah Legion ooh
I wish you would have cooked I mean I
didn't want him to overwork on Father's
Day I know I don't he was just mad about
something
I gave me space and then I got out of
there I didn't it is what it is guys
we're doing the outro part i'ma call
upon a spirit no oh give that to your
brother now I didn't want in the house
you are you desk area listen yes guys
click the like button if you I'm going
to use this thing in the house know what
they're gonna clean up I do it I don't
want you yeah that's like like Ghostly
oh I do want to be more ghost less thing
come on we can do it inside the
portholes I didn't use the 3m challenge
I would do that please yes it's over I'm
still thinking about your dad I'm doing
the outro I don't want to think about
that's going to be it for today you guys
thanks for watching remember smack the
like button if you want to do the 3 a.m.
challenge we'll do it here for this week
come on Oh series of that i'ma drink
some coffee you can't say until 3:00
a.m. anymore I prefer not to you're one
to talk
my pattern okay don't make fun of me
guys
yeah I wanted to fix my sleep pattern
but I'll break it for the braid
challenge guys getting out of here
thanks for watching like to catch
favorite everything for John and Happy
Father's Day to everybody hope you had a
good ones dad I love you I hope you stop
being so angry about whatever I was hope
you feel better grandpa that's it
love you guys I love you more I love you
more
we're getting married next week
me and the subscriber how's mommy did
you break Oh me earlier assignment
