are you guys today is Sunday and
apparently tina has it in her intentions
to come to my house to challenge us to a
fettuccine alfredo cook-off well I told
her I have a guard dog I told her it
bites and I wasn't kidding welcome back
welcome back to our side
what's going on you guys Jib got a
camera here for to us here right there
and today is Monday today is Monday and
you guys right off the bat I wanted to
give you an update on Lauren because I
know you're gonna be wondering I know
you're gonna be asking guys as of right
now all we know is Lauren is still in
the hospital she has a kidney infection
and that's pretty much all we know we
can't even go to a room right now
because the hospital won't tell us what
room she's in
so as of right now we're just waiting
for her to contact us Lauren I hope you
feel better I hope you know things get
better I'm sorry you got to be in the
hospital I wish we could talk to you and
tell you this but you'll see the vlogs
when you come home but guys today is
Monday and today we got a very special
guest a very special guest guys my
bodyguard
grandpa's former bodyguard guys if you
don't remember who that is check this
now yeah he put me around
with you Thanks
dude
come on
now you're probably wondering why do I
need a bodyguard well Tina said she's
gonna come to our house today and she's
gonna come face-to-face and challenge us
to the Alfredo cook-off and I'm letting
her know that ain't happening that ain't
happening no not on my watch t Tina's
still not here you guys my bodyguards
still not here which is actually gonna
be kind of worried because I don't want
her to show up if he's not here that's
kind of the purpose of having them here
Greg
I invited you here to protect me from
Tina man you're late guys before I get
into any of that I want to take a second
to talk about the video that we uploaded
yesterday because if you haven't seen it
we uploaded the angry grandpa egg roll
taco video and guys this video was very
important to me this this is one of
those recipes that grandpa was really
proud of he really wanted you guys to
see it now it was supposed to have
already been uploaded but like as things
goes other things suddenly happen and it
got put on the back burner and it never
got uploaded however I uploaded it now
and it's very important to me you guys I
hope you go and see it it's it's got
this sad undertone and I can't watch it
without crying actually and I don't know
why because he's angry and he's yelling
at me you know being grandpa but just
seeing him do something that made him so
happy it was kind of everything so if
you haven't seen me yet you guys check
it out the link is below it's a very
good video I want you guys to see it
speaking of angry grandpa there's like
another week left for the angry Never
Dies t-shirt and if you don't have it
yet you guys check out the link below
it's popping up on the side of the
screen right now get the shirt before
it's gone you guys because that's coming
very soon this shirts gonna be gone just
like the gun but never forgotten shirt
and dad I love you I miss you I'm glad I
got to put out the egg roll taco video
but now I'm getting kind of worried
because team is on her way I'm pretty
sure I don't know what time and my
bodyguard is still not here
Greg I need you please hurry I'm getting
scared
I'm actually really starting to get
worried now you guys okay I ordered
pizza I ordered dinner and Greg's not
here okay what the hell is gonna happen
dude I need team could pop up here any
frickin minute what's gonna happen okay
why don't we talk to POV about it maybe
he can be a bodyguard PFE be the
bodyguard
yes what who's he gonna protect I don't
know maybe you can fight or something
well I can fight more than POV okay if
this rap battle turns into a fist fight
I got this
I don't need PFE on you Greg okay I get
through oh you don't want to eat let's
just swing in the yard go ahead look in
the yard I'm kidding get the door
you got this you got this sure if I drop
the pizza though I'm gonna shower step
on it it's really heavy
thanks for your help
you're welcome babe thanks for your
attitude call Jessica and Greg Greg you
need to give you a really fast bro hurry
Greg does she's sitting out in the
parking lot of the driveway hurry
she's beeping the horn she said she's
gonna bring a tire rider and hit him in
the head with it bro you got to get here
now please hurry bro Tina's don't come
inside all right Michael he'll be here
soon
that's not enough if Tina gets here
before Greg gets over she's gonna be
cooking out Fredo in our kitchen don't
say it Greg she's on the way bro where
are you hurry yeah heard that alright
bro I got a serious question for you
yeah what's up well if Tina shows up cuz
new Tina's crazy yeah if Greg isn't here
I need a bodyguard guys
good because she could be here as long
as they don't go to jail I don't want to
go to jail for you like we can get her
getting me first I'll hit her with that
yellow light that's good because she
could be here any minute
all right cool I gotta take a shower if
I can take you think it's not your show
I don't know dude she could be on the
way right now banging on the door I'll
hear it if she does and now let's come
down naked
all right that's Huck that's all we need
man all right cover up those lens we
lock that door Michael just trying to
break in yes why are you calling me that
oh my god
we're not doing this what is this oh god
this is a really embarrassing like with
home style banks where's your can of
cream of mushroom eyes oh what's that a
chicken alfredo
today we're not doing this today we're
gonna do it this you're gone
yes this isn't happening Duncan no more
we just let her do her thing
today yeah okay you know I'm man enough
to admit when I've lost Greg we've lost
hi Greg we get him in that Tina he's not
a real bodyguard yes
that's obvious Tina we're going to do
the cook up I swear to God know what
pulled your change shut up man I don't
like no one get in my face calm down
he's on your days neither you sugar
britches it please stop Bridget you're
making this worse there's more to tell
the things I'm trying to say that for
last like three years okay excuse me
when you're like two people this Sunday
it's not the yeah who's making a Jim are
you she is
you sure about that she and I can
absolutely I'll cook you Sanjay okay
Sunday this Sunday you good with that
yeah I'm good with that and don't worry
I'm not looking he reduces bitches don't
care what none of you say I'll see you
next time Tina you need cream you get
out to always draw boys dude
Tina is a freaking crazy dude she's
she's absolutely bat crazy she is so
freaking crazy so intense literally she
is I don't think around her it's crazy I
feel like I have a kind of loud
personality and I kind of just went in
the corner with my drink like I don't
know what to do not everybody
disappearing like they're they're here
hiding in the laundry what the hell's
going on what dude I think we all tucked
our tail between our legs and then
you're like mean to me I guess cuz
you're scared you're actually scared of
oh I'm scared of Tina don't turn it to
him like like this is a big joke so this
is what we're gonna turn is this what
we're doing here okay I want to hear it
yeah nothing to say because I'm gonna
take the high road on this one no take
me instead of dissing pfv like you
should have been you should say least I
can grow seriously we can't we brought
you know I called Greg no Jessica said
Greg was coming in town and I was like
you know let's get Greg over here as The
Bodyguard a big joke yeah
who knew - was I taking some damn
serious I probably smell bad
she takes everything serious she'll make
sure she does she really think like
we're gonna have a cook-off and that's
what she was cooking though have any
microwave safe containers Omega be
screwed up it's not that hard Tina its
milk its parmesan and water Bridget
she's gonna watch the cooking video oh
don't give her the ideas don't give up
my secret Parmesan cheese
it's a very simple recipe let's try it
it is great well that was way more pop
and than I expected to be by the way you
guys graves here hi guys yeah I did it
on purpose
hi I'm Pete Venus my bodyguard so yeah
ah typically like why don't my teeth
look like a loo or gray in that Oh No
well Greg appreciate you coming by man
protecting me from Tina me what you try
bend it that was ice Oh we're all good
it's not Tina Christina yeah the fridge
she snuck into our frigerator to hear us
Lighting's better no why do you sucks in
this house I'll do it this way alright
well thanks for coming
Matt you're heading out with them yeah
yeah he's coming Mike told me he was way
too scared to do the battle so you
wanted me to leave your real sick
bastard I don't have to say much all you
do my battles like yo I'm the reason no
one knows who you are that's it
and that's the end of the battle I'm
gonna rhyme it yo I'm there cold your
whole career is because of me Mike right
he was my drops and walks away and it
shows like a single tear rolling down
his face no well that's gonna be a
fritter you guys thanks for watching you
know that wasn't that was insane you
know number one I'll be honest I am a
little surprised that Tina actually
showed out more - I gotta be honest I'm
pretty disappointing Craig wasn't gonna
really like weighted higher to be a real
bodyguard we knew something like that
was gonna happen it was three
disappointing you well I do they kicked
Greg's ass bro
you just want me to fight all the time
don't wait don't that's not - I'm a
lover not a fighter
Oh guys that's gonna be it for today
Tina this Sunday the challenge is on
okay bring your box of homestyle bake
and we'll get it cooking it's just so
bad for her
honestly I might just grow it up just a
letter one like this is sad Tina you'll
be better off boiling the noodles and
let it bake in the Sun like just okay
guys we're getting out of here thanks
for watching like subscribe favorite
everything be honest and that was insane
that was so insane you guys know I love
you guys
