you need to go into the camera way I'm
not some hot line come on everybody and
just woke up today is a beautiful day of
it Wow gorgeous no no it's too early to
be talking like that guys it is a
gorgeous day unfortunately it is going
to be a hard one we got to go to
Grandpa's house today and have an
unfortunate conversation I just got off
the phone with Lauren dad once again has
been exerting himself working in that
yard
kind of like he did a couple of weeks
ago with the lawn mower and I get it you
guys uh he doesn't want to ask for help
he doesn't want to think that he needs
help so I have to be the person to help
push help in the right direction and
he's going to think that I'm telling him
what to do and maybe you guys are going
to think that but in the end I'm just
looking out for my father I don't want
him to you know be riding on the lawn
mower and have a heart attack or
something because he's pushing himself
too hard so I'm going to go over to
grandpa's house today folks and I'm
hopefully use you guys to get him to
stop you guys can see about that in a
little bit anyway today is gonna suck
guys I want you to see what the out turn
for the day is going to be I want you to
take a guess okay you know my clothes
you know what I to wear what do you
think I'm going to wear this is gonna be
a cool transition ready ready yeah oh
yeah run same outfit folks what's going
on you guys keep you on a camera here it
was here right there today is Thursday
today is Thursday and today as I told
you guys a few seconds ago we were going
over to Grandpa's house and he and I are
gonna have to have a conversation that
he's not going to want to have yeah guys
as I said grandpa has been overdoing it
in the yard is doing the riding
lawnmower and he's been burning like
leaves and just it's too hot okay I
don't want you guys to think that
grandpa's like decrepit you can't do
anything for himself I just don't want
him overworking himself because I don't
want him to get sick all right look I'm
just trying to take care of my father
so I have to have a conversation with
them well dad let me help people let me
help you okay I got people that can help
I can do it you got Charles we'll all
help you please let us help absolutely
he needs to stop so that's what's
happening today we're going to have a
conversation with Grandpa I'm going to
bring you guys into the mix if you
didn't see the vlog we uploaded
yesterday I thought we got robbed robbed
Michael your dad probably got I don't
know oh my god
camron plugs okay camera that's it it is
what it is today Thursday let's get this
vlog started grandpa you need to stop
what you're doing you need to listen to
me I'm not trying to run your life just
track me style Michael knows that style
what's going on
just follow me one so this what about it
why is it important you know we didn't
address that deadly now huh why is it a
bug yeah like why and how long is it
been unplugged have you been checking it
no I thought you have no I don't check
it I'm too scared
oh I'm just scared to look at security
cameras why I'm actually go back and see
because what if we catch someone I'm
biting at it I didn't think about that I
thought once Doug told us he took the
guys if you didn't see the vlog we
thought that we got robbed because
generators were missing and the camera
was unplugged and as it turns out it was
Doug but if he didn't plug this who did
this one is unplugged two person what is
dad unplug Ben because they don't feel
like who's being watched
what's weird
both cameras are unplugged yeah that's
strange
what did dad did it though it'd just be
an accident
well now I think if my dad did it it was
definitely intentional you know with
that story that I'm telling the
tomorrow's vlog I really don't like
security cameras being unplugged I know
we need to go wireless babe because I
don't like that either I'm not going to
think about I got too much other stuff
in my mind for that today okay but for
real I really do want to go get my
grandma's wreath because I don't anyone
to take that that is not in jeopardy of
being stolen Bridget is a wreath will
you please walk with me so I can get the
read you know ah only guys make all
these Beckett please
oh my gosh what are these purple wedding
you know honestly I don't know why they
exist
why does earth need them look at
something past - right give me a second
like what if there is important of these
ah oh my god or frigate this is rude
painful yeah you should probably wear
shoes oh oh oh my gosh come on hurry
ah oh my god oh no you poor thing ah
seriously wear shoes okay get the one on
my toe why is get it you ah
oh um juice yes please or shoes all this
or Christmas tree yeah she made that for
me so what are very close to my heart
make sure you shake it for fog hey I'll
put this upstairs what's wrong well if
you don't give me that phone okay I am
NOT copying Logan Paul we're heading out
to Grandpa's house right now you guys
and I wanted to express to you just how
unforgivingly hot it is today oh hi what
is the temperature like hundred seven
hundred and are you joking
what is it isn't it sad that I believed
it I will take a 107 i buy it guys it is
like 90 degrees right now miserable it's
misery
I hate it we're going to Grandpa's house
because grandpa is doing a lot of yard
work and I'm mad about it because I told
him look her run his life right I don't
want to pretend like I run his life but
he needs to not do it
all I'm gonna tell them I just like a
little transition good hopefully it
looked real if not oh well we have a guy
that does our lawn and I want the same
guy to do dad's lawn keeps rejecting the
offer every time is it I do it myself
but my dad you almost pass out cut in
the grass okay please just let me our
budget everybody I'm oh so guys my dad
would do it yeah what do you like my dad
the problem is when dad wants it now
it's now or never guys we're going over
to Grandma's house we will have us a
little chat look pass stops you have to
stop this I'm not going
why see you're making me get hotter
yelling hey go to hell hole it's hot out
here Doug do you want to have a heat
stroke I'm gonna change
it's hot out here bro I'm very hot yeah
well you Berlin we go home how long you
been out here
stop cell block are you joking you learn
nothing feeling up on more and I do now
how is Justin it game without ya buddy
Internet out Wayne me alarm wasn't
supposed to but y'all look good feel
fill me your version not the 90 yard
doesn't look good have you been helping
say you need to come into the camera way
I'm not something I'm fine come inside
I'm not gorgeous
cutter sighs yo check it out fightin
please go in you're gonna have a
freaking heat stroke work to do okay so
we ought to do it I will hardly gotta
cut my grass - come on now
why does yelling about our level right
now no you will not you give them a ride
low more and I'm ripping into the engine
and tearing the wires along I'll get the
push model and do that then I'll get the
weed why do you trying it may go mad
yeah why you're not even bad my soul my
other way around why are me why are you
doing why are you doing this I think you
do it on purpose Michael
I think I should call my dad he'll
happily do it please pull your dad yes
your dad he loves yard works I tell my
new yard work until we need yard work oh
well what are you three three three oh
you can't
back in doesn't annoy me so keep doing
it you can your thought system is a fool
I'm not doing that working and maybe
come in there he kid is bringing out
their fairy it's like boiling out there
you're probably now walking out there
you posted chicken on the concrete they
look yeah it's exactly it just is ten
bucks bad it's too much what are you
paying any attention
no I don't want you working out there so
much she's got to be done Lauren tell
him I'm getting somebody okay Florine
call me dad he would love to do the
whole job that it big uses yards over :
and he goes you can buy your will before
the arc letters I'll do it actually he
loves actually doing it what does that
mean yard service
well don't worry little business card
doing yard service and President
Washington well he did let him tested
and skilled on your property we're
almost solid equipment right and he can
come over here and doom your yard madam
went born
help me out here well he is I don't
wonder who she tries to Paul Moller
Bridget on camera I'm going to talk
about the seminar but no we're not yes
we all know this talent I want to tell
everybody know everyone knows how
hardened is you are you recording yes
guys smack the level I first got to put
it in context grandpa has been over
observing himself doing too much yard
work he was passed out by cutting the
grass in the riding lawnmower did you
not true I walked out there today he's
pouring sweat why is that
oh you're just too much true he's trying
to get everything done and he's got a
team of everybody round I can do it but
you won't let anybody help guys smack
the like button so he knows you guys
don't want me to do it when here what
it's not you
there's a bunch of like you know you
know yes you will
I'm gonna do how are your young is to
make care day you yeah I'm not saying
you don't have to help when you can't do
everything
my dad will happily help and do
everything there are great he's doing
too much so do me a favor smack the like
button give it a bunch of life so he can
see how much you guys care and how much
you don't want to do with smack delight
but if you want grandpa to not do all
this hard work himself anymore rain come
you tell me you know I got people that
can help know and then you can come run
a lot of stream in sauce down but yeah
do that do tell them what the live
streams when you see them on the streets
tell them tell him no more yard work
because it's killing them it's too much
I've got another three days to go come
on oh you got 0 days I got three days
town Lauren you don't you'll be done
it's good that you got the bottle chill
you know you want for as you give your
dad here I love Brussels tomorrow does
cut the grass we're leaving grandpa's
house right now we're home free to all
my conditions he said he's not going to
do with any of that anymore so he agreed
folks I thank you for sure thank you Dad
everybody I agree good luck I can't wait
to show you all the lights again
hey and say what if you don't stop and
let it and let people help you
I'll pack my bag myself oh yeah you say
that till she leaves yeah yeah she lost
you you would be so freaking dumb I will
tell you that you need to calm down
don't worry when you see all these like
you and quit you know a bunch of like
the most likes we've ever got on the
vlog as many likes as we can do I
thought she's not gonna stop my gosh how
much would that be I don't know like
over 50,000 75,000 that in mom dad that
is a lot a hundred thousand come on we
gonna hear hundred I know but I don't
agree method
ah ah hey how would you would you agree
one hundred thousand that's like
impossible yeah you guys really keeping
nice that to give out a thousand would
you agree to that yeah you will agree
hundred thousand more I hate to ask for
a hundred thousand likes you guys
because I know it seems like we're just
begging for likes and I know it maybe is
begging for likes but I feel like you
guys are the only way that you can
penetrate his hard shell because it's
like I can tell them no ten thousand
times but if you guys tell him a hundred
thousand times he has to know it's a
problem so guys I hate to ask I hate to
sound like we're YouTube beggars but at
this point it's the only idea that I got
smacked alike when we're getting them to
stop this stuff I got help for him
coming you've got a quick
we're back from Grandpa's house you guys
want to thank you ahead of time for
smacking the like button I want grandpa
to see that you guys care I think maybe
he feels like I know he feels like he
doesn't want to have it taken from him
like he's too old to do it and I don't
want him to think that that's not what
this is this is just to look out in his
best interest he's got me I'll do it
Doug will do it Charlie said that he
would do it tell him I'll do it man I
know you do it just to bring me take me
over there and I'll do it only looking
out what's best for you dad we all love
you
we're doing the outro just a couple of
minutes but in case you watch this we
love you your young uns love ya just
don't want you to burn up in the Sun
okay you're at the part of your life now
where you can just sit back and let
people plant the flowers for you just
water them sometimes anyway let's do
this outro what a couple of minutes ish
so you guys know ahead of time
tomorrow's vlog is actually going to be
starting tonight in the dark we're going
to be starting up early because last
night me and Bridget heard something
very weird and we don't I have yet to be
able to explain it I'm pretty terrified
what you know you guys there are a lot
of youtubers doing ghost stuff right now
and I would hope you would see that we
are not the same as that you know we're
not going you know crazy
maybe we're just irrational
he's scared I don't know the last night
you know I'm not trying to jump on the
trend of ghost youtubers as you guys
know we've been doing this for years
since 2010 just dabbling in the
paranormal and so last night
the Umbridge were watching the vlog
before we uploaded it and next thing you
know we heard a voice what does it say
hey er hello hello hello it kind of
suddenly went nephew JC okay with that
what was that I thought maybe there was
like a party on the PlayStation 4 I it
wasn't there was nothing on TV guys and
we can rebound the frog and there's
nothing yeah that was the first thing I
did I was like let me check on the vlog
and see if it wasn't no was it on the
ball guys I have no way to explain it so
tonight I turned it over by the door if
the acoustics in this house put voices
everywhere so guys I don't know what's
going to happen but we will example on
that tonight again some ghost stuff
that's for tomorrow's vlog or starter
tonight I want to let you guys know
ahead of time look at that dude the rain
is coming closer a for you that here I
want to throw an idea by you and them
alright ok guys if you don't know we
have been trying desperately now this
isn't going to work well ahead of time
it's not going to work this is just
something for fun this ain't going to
work I'm just going to try not to injure
myself too bad no no this isn't your
idea is a different idea ok
Charlie has an idea to lay out boogie
boards and we will try to run across I
have a different idea what help and I
want you guys comment to let us know
what you think we give it another boogie
board and we just tape it to our feet
and we it's not like snowshoes oh we try
to run across I love that idea
anything that's much better I love that
yeah yeah let us know in the comments
section if you think we should do it I
already asked you to click like for
another reason so cool so in the comment
section say the word what should I say I
don't know Dave Jesus lizard boogie
shoes or jesus lizard guys put that in
the comment I want to try like that
boogie shoes
boogie shoes I like that a lot you guys
this will be attached to our foot
and the idea is just try to run now
someone's got to be in there was we
could drown I'm gonna do it oh yeah
right thing right but songs don't do it
alone if you try it yes
do not try it yeah forget anybody cares
we're stupid don't try this at all
seriously we're going to try it let us
know in the comment section if you think
we should we're going to be fine
dangerous that'd be interesting ma'am
yeah so that's the idea crazy yes pretty
well we're covering the limbs members
are doing the outro that's crazy
you called lens yeah well that's gonna
be it for today you guys thanks for
watching have a really good day little
stressful guys but as you know we don't
hide anything from you the stresses in
the wall we just love you grandpa
stop that's all this you know you man
it's like we all like you I got scared
when it was on that riding lawn more I
didn't like it I didn't either guys he
was totally dehydrated they were gone in
Gatorade and it was sad it was very
saddening I don't want that to happen
again I wanted to just enjoy himself and
maybe he enjoys doing it but he's at a
point where he can't and I don't want
him to burn himself out just trying to
rake leaves in the yard where we can
have somebody else do it but anyway I'm
going to get out of here smack the like
button so you can show grandpa you don't
want him to do that stuff anymore guys I
want to thank you for always being here
on our vlogs and sharing this journey
with us I didn't know when we started
doing vlogs that they would last this
long
and I was going over and we have over a
thousand vlogs and you guys are there
every step of the way and I want to
thank you for it Bridgette you guys are
awesome it's like seriously it's not
pandering it's just because some people
know you're pandering yes not what is it
Jimmy seriously it's like looking at it
thank you guys for always being here but
the truth is you guys are literally the
best YouTube family ever I don't think
we should be copy of fouseytube okay I
don't I don't want the videos did he say
that joke he said hello and you the
greatest YouTube family look it's Joe
everybody can be a family right so
anyway guys thank you so much I just
didn't want to say because I'm already
copied Logan Paul he's Marvin call he
has a video series where he has his bird
talk and that's not important guys like
subscribe favorite aren't everything to
us
mmm I love you guys so much
