are you guys did you place your bets did
you take guesses on what do you think is
going to come out of this because
something spill what do you think it is
let's take a final guesses fruit roll-up
chicken sandwiches I must say it's the
cookies the cookies don't be the cookies
yeah it was woke up you guys made a
promise that I would start filming
myself right when I wake up so that's
what this is how do I look look what am
i a morning person am I the kind of guy
like Brad Pitt where I just wake up walk
out of bed and you're like that guy's a
model is that the look I got right now
folks
is that along me to anybody else but I
put the same shirt back on because it
should be I'll be honest you guys
yesterday when I woke up we had that
beautiful cotton candy sky and now this
is a bad sky it's just not as good as
yesterday's I don't want to reach out
and touch this guy anyway starting
another day what's going on you guys get
me out of camera here so I see ya right
there today is Thursday Tuesday
now are you amazing like messing with me
here
today's Tuesday Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Thursday Friday Saturday Sunday these
are the days of the week ladies singing
oh no is another song I don't never
heard of it before it is a result for
the days of the week how does it go
what if there is and it's a Mandela
effect today is Tuesday and today if you
didn't see the plugs do we uploaded
yesterday me and Charlie once again try
to do the pool challenge and I got a big
surprise package for Rockstar Games
check out this clip possible this hot it
is possible dang I almost had it anyway
all that aside today is Tuesday and
today we're going to a new department
store that just opened up called BJ's
I love BJ's you never been to BJ's I'm
oh do to be ad pocalypse I feel
necessary to add that when we say she
loves BJ's we mean she loves blueberry
jam I actually meant want a jam because
dude I am too yes why
right now we are going to a new store
called BJ's yes they just opened
apparently like a Sam's Club or yes
Michael's loves BJ's
I don't got time to acknowledge your
joke Bridget Bridget I've never been so
I can't like me J it's a joke I can't
live with myself right now I go because
challenge why Michael come on we're like
crazy going stuff
no Michael come on don't do it
crazy I know I think you are just touch
you thought all gonna do it
what if I want to fallen he said I was a
psycho go get your brother anyway we
gonna suck we're going to BJ's right now
folks just a joke yeah we're going to
get BJ's that is just like BJ brand's do
they have a BJ's brand I'm sure they do
folks pickle boy loves BJ's yes yes
leave a source sicko right now we're
going to go see you Charlie chill wants
to come to BJ's with us well it'd be
nice what up what up
I was going to open the store already
wrong you a person BJ's VJ yeah I'm
redundant woman we've already made the
joke yeah you're a little late I'm a
little way okay dammit I don't even know
why he named his business man I'll be
honest his alien okay I'm you piqued my
interest sir you've piqued my interest I
got to see what the alien is some I
forget is my better why they call an
alien because it's an alien we're a
brand yeah Oh alien 85 when somebody's
walking away like grab my alien like
well I got to see what the things
anyway I'm an alien guys we're going to
BJ's right now hopefully it's cool we
got family working there Shari works
there oh we might run into some family
Jackie I don't know I folks
oh my god isn't a wrong freaking way
helmet yes oh my god hold it here master
I don't know garbage get that tag I
filtered the right bra when crazy I'm in
sales
hey BJ she's got so many stadiums she
lost her cool cool BJ
we're going to BJ's right now we have
not been before this please just open I
try to get daddy is that a fat like a
septic tank bird that's the hotel
mcjuggernuggets stayed at when he came
here with his daddy so anyway guys we
are here at BJ's I was kind of worried
about the location but it seems alright
actually I'm just trying to find it
though so now I'm worried about location
there it is
Oh parking BJ don't worry I'm sure you
can find a valet don't listen to me just
rawhide no questions just drive I'm
terrified okay guys I think about the
hippest car though we're going to rule
I'm going in whoa guys
look at this every time something so
what two pounds of dude corn chips
Wow if you need four thousand like sour
patch kids this is the place it's retro
yeah there was 10-pound bag over there
oh my god money don't get cross but it
pallet of minions mac and cheese out
there what Kalas whoa ooh I don't want
to think about this dude I'm kind of
getting like I got to cover my head
remember you're seeing you're seeing
videos is like warehouses politely like
that don't say it you're getting that
feeling like malls over a branch
yeah up there with the breading kind of
strip okay that's how much which thing
is up there a lot yes probably a lot
anytime our car passes over a bridge I
feel like I want to jump out of the joke
upon a joke after the Polito wanders off
UK stir motions allow our livers whether
we feel that he just walked away
but is very much they're all uh I don't
sure you collapsed on the ground guys I
see why she was driving on the wrong in
now because now we know the downfall of
BJ's no bags but you know it's all right
yeah great deals here's the question
what's going to come flying out of the
car when we open the back exactly oh my
god they roll up you need to roll will
take you get bets I'm going to say it's
a bread I'm going to say some chicken
sandwiches and I'd like to see tuna take
a tumble oh yeah let me wait you can't
show that yes commercial is we're on our
way home right now you guys we want you
to take your guesses in the comments
section below what do you think is going
to spill out when we open the hatch
drums to get a shot of that hatch so
people take a guess boom we got all that
stuff right there I'm thinking it looks
like Charlie might be right and then
four rolls right guess you put them
there Charlie Charlie is who you'd be
attracted you only can you guys let us
know in the comments section I gotta
answer the phone let me know in the
comment section what do you think
spilling out now you hear or shift them
are you guys did you place your bets
you take guesses on what do you think is
going to come out of this pic of
something spill what do you think it is
let's take our final guessing
roll up chicken sandwiches I must say
it's the cookies the cookies don't be
the cookies level come on big the
oranges Wow guys I think that was the
game anybody guess basil pesto
what are Bella so what's up girl
you chill enough you just sitting you're
on YouTube she's like family you to film
before YouTube
okay my god ah para Pelle and that's our
Clyde because he's flipping out where's
lazy well what are you doing whoa
guys I know she's just scratching right
well all right you guys time to clean
the kitchen whoa Wow now it's time to
clean the living room how's it look
Bridget
amazing and that my friend is what you
call magic belly your water is
interacting my trick I'm just kidding go
drink up she's like I don't care about
what you're doing or vlogging I won't
water sorry bad you drink up you know
hey stop it
Am I JK I love you guys were able to
notice that but while doing the magic
trick that gave me credit for cleaning
the entire house forget the process that
took during it yeah Bridget cleaned
everything but you guys all my fingers
snap I clean that home Wow Bri dget t
that's interesting you nice hole Bridget
stupid I did I miss the joke up and I
bought I'm sorry dad night guys guys
Bella does not know what Charlie's
brought into the house look it's like oh
my god for you Clyde's freaking out
right now is Charles project
why come over here he doesn't know what
you brought into the house he's highly
aggravated it's like something alien to
him yeah like what is alright Clyde on
my watch Clyde you ready yeah he's a
lovable big ball of anger to bite game
from will hmm well fellas over here like
love me yeah
all right help me with home to shake you
big follow just a kid okay Bella all
right you can't do it
Bella he was downloading something okay
it's all right you come on get out of my
house you got five minutes leave charlie
just brought the TV into the house to
download the GTA update then just what
was going on that you'll get your
forfeit just want to ride it oh right so
five to go okay guys I want to take a
moment to show how it's really kind of
embarrassing okay nobody knows this but
I got tiny tiny little hands like when
you see the proportionate to me right
first I got like meat hooks kill a
Kowalsky baseball bugs right Charlie's
got a normal hands but watch what
happens when this can of tuna goes from
his hand to my hand hand it over
oh dude
now get it Barbara it's like seriously
why the best is it just do we need to to
this big there is no useless oodles
getting big
and two distinct yeah dude this is
insane
look at this did you make turtle saladin
you probably you know oh yeah dude is
that cook bro came out my full ego bat
out of hell shooter will stop coming
after you
jeez I had an idea for a video I'm going
to talk to you before we do the outro I
think it's kind of obvious can can
challenge oh yeah we had to take the
other two can challenge down oh my god
he's already off of guys we want to do
it in ten challenge again we need
disgusting pants this should be involved
somehow
yeah bingo ah get away guys it's
repulsive this can and I think click
like and we'll do it again oh my god
yeah I know
we always like a half a box of crunch
berries as well black and Charlie yeah
yeah I might as well keep it right we
got a big clever setup plan
big what okay ah we have the price can
pimp in town
the idea was Bridget pan it goes back
and business appeared but I always got
keep it why suitable smaller than one
they used to be smaller guys this is a
gigantic territory a rolling down the
street really mean that we did the magic
tricks with the other rooms of the house
I think what you do one more yeah I'm
not cleaning in here not yet
well that's gonna be it for today guys
thanks for watching had a pretty good
day it's been a really good day I don't
really good day we went to bj's we had a
really good time checked it I really
liked the sore yeah I love BJ's yeah
blueberry jam everybody is pulling into
blueberry jam yeah I've had enough with
the innuendos I can't no more Chinese
mad pocalypse okay blueberry jam and
whatever the store BJ stands for no more
in your hand with it and nobody Google
in your window so you know what I'm
talking about guys we're getting out of
here
thanks for watching guys smack the like
button if you want us to do another tin
can challenge that's what we're going to
do we've got subscribing guys and Ken is
not coming in July so she'll never smell
it oh my god her gag reflex is worse
than Charlie's this guy's life
turn them to quite a favorite firing
done and I love you guys so much
