what am I supposed to do anyway you
figured if the front will fit back
together without getting wet
it'll never not get away right but you
don't want to let your club right
challenge I'm man I do not know the
camera is picking this up but what a
wonderful way to wake up my words it Oh
guys we walked out this morning we took
a look outside and Wow
it is stunning it's like the sky is
cotton candy
does this mean it's going to be a
beautiful day sky does it mean that
today is going to start off better than
yesterday but I can't stop filming
because I love it I really hope you guys
that the cameras picking this up just
because it's so stunning I know that I
look like an unlockable character right
now but I don't care look at that folks
that's when it's all about cotton candy
sky this is me trying to focus it on a
cool area so I look like I'm like a
photographer and or creative which I'm
neither
seriously though it is beautiful guys
time prosecuted day started I'm zooming
in it looks even crazier Wow guys this
is going to be a good deck and tell
what's going on you guys
Tippie on a camera here do I see you
right there and today is Monday think
about that cuz it's physical when we
have a meeting today you should have
known today was Monday man I am just
guys today is Monday and today we got a
meeting which means you are going to see
a rare sight a very very rare sight I
won't do it what he'll think we're
thinking with the same thing hold on are
you guys we're back Bridget for somehow
thought I was talking about shaving
which I am going to do what I was
referring to is pick a boy in the suit
oh my god we were so handsome Massoud
guys I'm wearing a suit today for the
business meeting got a lot going on
today if you didn't see the video we
uploaded yesterday grandpa went 8
because I tried to steal his ps4 8
baloney p1 ad pocalypse folks guys
here's the clip anyway today is Sunday
wait it's Monday I got messed up I I
mess it up we're meeting tonight sir
okay
today is Monday today we're getting this
blog started business style business
style by the way once you're that suit
prepare for a bunch of kisses by who
ladies on the street no yeah got my suit
folks we'll just do it looks like with
this shirt oh maybe from where this may
be I look cool like that looks super
awesome mmm-hmm guys by the way
yesterday's vlog some of you guys were
giving me a little bit of trouble
because we didn't take Charlie to Sunday
dinner so the things that you got to
understand about grandpa of trolley is
right now they don't really like each
other it's mutual when we're at
Grandpa's house the other day things
were just so awkward and I figured why
not give them a break
ladies razor but we brought a good plate
of food home and dad asked about them
and I'll be honest you guys if you won't
see come to sunny dinner is it private
I just didn't think he wanted to at the
same time though you have to stop
assuming everything every time something
goes wrong you blame me and it's not
always my fault you guys
have to stop hey that's the kind of
stuff that serves unnecessary drama that
doesn't see you can you stop ah
so anyways that's all I wanted to say
you guys just don't assume stuff and
then attack me over that assumption
that's it
now let me figure out how to get this
jacket on it'll look really great
not about obviously can't wear this
shirt to the meeting I gotta wear like a
proper shirt but I just wanna see it's
kind of button the things that oh did
you really could see on Tommy Fat Boy in
a little coat
oh no we go folks oh that guy in a
little coat now that guy okay
a real Mike I borrow your rib you're
handsome thank you guys
you got a meeting coming up personally
get one more model look at me wow did
you think that I was Brad Pitt for a
second
aren't you frog pet no Mike I'm greedy
why I'm Michael Green dude you totally
tricked me
guys we got to go okay I'm my husband
Kurt Elizabeth I want to I do it oh I
guess yeah I totally miss shot the fish
the jacket just hit brother in the face
my apology it's okay guys we got to go
to our meeting you're not gonna see any
of that right now we're going to go from
the meeting straight to lunch
our meeting went well you guys have a
little celebratory must improve for
general folks everything went well can't
get into what it was well we're going to
progress right now we are a Mexican food
and you go do what I got to eat folks
where you got that and this I'm late on
my booty here here but something is
coming right now
that knows not hold on guys hope things
la manche is it guys
I have no save early I just really
hungry so long day
they saying anything else we talk so
guys what I got was like sour screams no
one cares we just got a mystery package
in the mail you guys will never guess
who is from lose jobs lunch always likes
language I know it's grow Charlie I'd
you know from the title who was problem
Rockstar Games sent up a package and I'm
really eager to see what the sisters
rock star would be apologize for crime
over Red Dead Redemption I apologize
yeah let them take their time to get it
better right yes all kinds of stuff in
this is the sauce shirts yeah really
okay regular high Michael Oh Bridget
thank you for your longtime support of
our games we hope you enjoyed this new
collection of rockstar gear that is so
cool your dad is awesome
I'm jealous rogue did this so much in
here holy like would you look that tells
us something next hey guys rock star oh
he's a knight holy i cannot possible
show you every shirt in here man
seriously I know so much so you guys get
an idea of this then I'm gonna cover the
lens then we'll get a night I'll be
right back
there's like 25 shirts here or more you
guys all kinds of stuff class of 98
rockstar games this one with a little
bit of uh I guess I won't really say but
you guys swag
look at that and get the right idea and
also two elite awesome tote bags I just
say that all rockstar games it's a stick
right rocks I did not have to send me
any of that I know this is amazing so
now it's really you guys that's amazing
right so I appreciate this look at that
isn't that beautiful yes so whoa I did
not wake up this morning thinking I was
going to have a good day of my business
meeting and get all kinds of epik swag
but this is a good day do good to get
good brother this is great man Wow
actually Rockstar thank you guys so much
Bridget Good Charlotte we all we all be
shirts and stuff yeah dude it's just so
much I can't show you everything is just
so much for guys Wow Rockstar you are
the best
yeah really this is so cool gotta jump
in the pool
to celebrate it's sort of work last week
I came up with a challenge that
challenge being jump in the pool jump on
a float yeah that's gonna work and don't
get your clothes wet and I did it or fry
your phone and I failed I was gonna brag
I fried my phone I had to use a spare
phone that we've had and it's like a
freaking iPhone 4 or something whatever
hey you know it's cute it is what it is
guys I'm gonna try this one more time
I got no phone in my pocket I'm not
ruining it I've taken off my hat and my
glasses in my shoes Michael Spinks yeah
Michael thinks it being tied up it works
don't show that my trick cookies gonna
work
no let's see it ready hang on alright
look folks good luck so I don't know how
much I like it being aimed this way
because I like to ultimately bail out
without getting wet but good luck
flop should I do it this way I don't
know it's a trick right so if I just do
this maybe I just roll on roll on it
yeah ah cracked it you guys yep ready
uh-huh
oh no you're going to ruin your favorite
shirt
this is what water does it's just
possible to what is that oh my god it's
not possible
I'll do with the boogie board no you're
gonna hurt yourself
Chloe Borg know yourselves the Borg cuz
I'm going right in Michael you're gonna
hurt yourself
I don't think I kata you do it again the
drought is pretty chaotic what happened
I don't even know I don't know what
happened did you see to see that again
two year old to have you over that job
any kind of rest into it
yep you wanna try it now let me try it
no it's impossible you got any bond
range that you better think about cuz I
fried mine bet you did
Rick I'm not going to do anything I what
if he did Bridget people try it you
better get over there just in case why
would I do it
what am I supposed to do anyway you
should use your surprise whip it back
together without getting wet get one
over on getting away
right but you don't want to get your
clothes right the challenge I'm in
trouble
Oh God you'll figure it out oh my god
I'll be sure I gotta try this
don't everybody is running and you don't
seem like I better Walter Walter White
with you he's not figure it out jumping
on the wrong part your angle I got my
heart I Michael you can do it wait I
still got my pants wet though
my leg was on he'd be jaqen game oh my
gosh that's your birthday on the wall
okay oh my god it grows in the pool dad
I get ya let's drag a fallen Walker well
we tried Charlie tried
he was your Tolley didn't work oh yeah
actually kind of works
oh yeah almost
oh god you couldn't do it if you think
you can do it let me know but don't hurt
yourself trying this yeah good and don't
fry your phone don't yeah I'm not
accountable whatever happened when you
do it so you hate the village Virgin
Money just like it when he did it and
it's also yeah you can't hurt money now
good that federal offense
dudes dog okay oh no well we are happy
you got it oh my god okay how about
buddies like look why did he fold
another bunch of do like this like here
keep the change
really both of them yeah solid workout
guide you women well that's going to be
it for today you guys thanks for
watching really good day everything went
as planned
now I got to grow my facial hair back
out oh I think you look really
attractive I don't like groom I don't
like when my shaved guys look like a
baby I got carded it's a gas station
guys just like hey my ID is right here
okay
I feel they gray that's my ID is I deep
too like what we just look young today
yeah guys had a pretty good day Rockstar
sent us a package did some cool cool
stuff with Charlie had our business
meeting a Mexican food guys great day
this was serious in one of the better
days yeah is there a really awesome day
guys thanks for watching gonna get out
of here like subscribe
Oh everything for us
and I so much Oh
