how many of you know this but dad has an
unreasonable superstition for umbrellas
and that will do it I'm doing it go do
it dad don't do it Michael
so now you bring me that loud we believe
the bad what's going on you guys
Kibby on a camera here cause here right
there and today is Saturday and today if
you didn't notice this vlog you started
off different than the other vlogs I
noticed that there's a pattern on
YouTube for vloggers where they start
off with a clip later in the vlog then
an intro than this so for this vlog and
probably this vlog only we want to see
what it's like we want to know what you
guys think let us know in the comments
section if you liked it
does it fit us should we stay away from
it let us know in the comments is it
cool so we keep doing is a brilliant
I mean is it great is it something we
should do every single day guys let us
know in the comments section I really
want to know your thoughts on this guys
today is Saturday and today click on
every vampire we're going over to
Grandpa's house because one of the young
and sent us this awesome package I only
got a glimpse of it
I saw the one for me one for Dad we're
going over we're going to try to call
the guy I love it I hope you guys like
it today Saturday boom in trailer it's
really cool though oh my god guys I
coming for you to see it yeah let's head
out to grandpa's house you do both yep
you look closer now that's good I'm
keeping that so you know we're trying to
structure the scene and Britain wants us
baby
okay guys that's good enough this per se
we got something in the mail I've seen
it that hasn't seen it it's from a guy
named Jim Jimbo
James it's awesome me from Florida he's
an artist
it's very cool hey now to the camera
capture Bridget
yeah man that is awesome minute Wow
it's an etching of grandpa's 55 Chevy
and Bella
we can't bail out into pretty fidelity
of a ride well I'm pretty sure that's
like a workers this is glass man
leave that that's exactly my car too
yeah it is what our actions how does it
work
that they're they're done with acid Wow
yeah the teachers ask the person they
draw it over there and then they wash
the a shit off Wow
so guys Ben Terry Austin was from a
youngin named James he's talented is
awesome isn't it he's talented so we are
going to call him first what we'll call
it
we're calling phone Oh whereas he's been
a letter says Michael Bridget and AGP my
name is James small I'm an artist from
Northwest Florida I hope you'll enjoy
the mirrors I wanted to do quiet and
lead you to but I could not find a good
pickle mine Michael you are awesome
thank you the day you bought that car
for your dad dude that got me and this
is what can you tell me to make this
forum thank you for all the
entertainment last tears and memories
keep the videos coming now you do both
and forever
Jimbo so does anybody have a phone
because I fried my under the pool you
what I fried it the pool I jumped in
with my clothes on I on the phone
anymore but there the phone will be
right back
how did you know he said call anytime
we leave a message hi the person you
called is a great help on and it's not
gonna get ok goodbye
yes he's going to do a box of yet yeah
well as Jinbo we tried we tried we take
it in an awesome job I'm going to try
you one more time for this Login I'm
going to throw one more time hopefully
you'll answer I really want to talk to
you man thank you so much for this is
awful yeah it's really awesome we're
good where can you put this glass
humberto frame ah a whole extra message
maybe AGP I am too old to be a youngin
no they're all young and you never too
old to be a youngin but I love y'all no
matter enjoy this etching of your car as
much as I enjoyed watching Michael give
it to you that video hit home with me I
lost my father in 1999 you remind me of
him just wish I could have done more for
him god bless Jimbo Jim I'll be Oh daddy
I'm sorry about your father man yeah me
too
night you know 1999 he lost his mom at
99 yeah that's a bad year but thanks a
lot for all this I'm gonna try it one
more time though what what nothing what
are you doing nothing
we're gonna probably talk to the camera
but I'll do it problem to god
I know how many of you know this but dad
has an unreasonable superstition for
umbrellas and that will do it I'm doing
it don't do it dad don't do it Michael
keeps oh hell didn't bring me that lot
he believes the bat-like
Oh dad come on it you really believe it
us up
you gotta hurt yourself and Busta
breaking unrealistic oh oh that's like a
bad omen right yeah yeah that is a bad
omen right there I'll get it out why
people do this I can't fix good
I always have a little crack I go
walking brother black hat you do know
you avoid all that all that
hey hey LF you want to happen what are
you doing Friday the 13th I ain't gonna
be doing much what's that mean oh okay
another superstition leave it dude oh
then when you a bit rumba no she's not
answering the carry umbrella is my
favorite well you got one now
well guys every little profile I'll
expect a football I didn't either
I thought it wouldn't be like laughs
don't ever open robot yeah relax it's
just it's awesome guys should I get more
umbrellas and bring him here yeah what
are you that so I love that you now
cannot believe that no don't done sucked
it all right bring know what it doesn't
mean you know what it does man you got a
dad you do good
oh yeah ha ha I just got my toe
oh I think yeah ok why give this to him
it orbits after you
ah Bobby here you go you know what no I
got our young Lauren Lauren today your
bro I totally like darling good we're
all good
everything's fine everybody okay you can
hear me tell him I'm not told them you
can heard of that it's smashed up I'm
not going to just go god have we
mentioned dad that you're giving us a
little twitch and I admitted it all he
talked to me ah thanks for this expense
Lauren
free thanks to grandpa's house
he's doing this forum talk to him if he
throws that out
I'll talk but I told you at last why
don't you want to promote this and we'll
move along this is a that's response
I'll take it
guys right now grandpa is giving away a
PlayStation 4 uncharted Edition on
Twitch are your winners to subscribe
all surprise drop it Wow right you twist
right go ahead yeah you're automatically
introduced with what is the draw Wow
June 28 June 28 that's coming up Wow yes
subscribing he's giving away a ps4 talk
to me I really got another toy tester
with it yeah
Laurie just saved you okay yeah it's
trash now so what are the other
superstitions doing that you need to
reminder a ladder yeah so superstitions
you walk into ladders no no no uh you
know what not I'm thinking about it
yourself we were driving down the street
one day and a black cat cross the street
and he turned around it went another way
yeah yeah I forgot about that I was in
like the sixth grade or I'll stop got a
few hundred I'll go you gotta be joking
why is that gone oh man I've got to get
that on film I've got to kill Osama
count the two hundred and I'll go crawl
how often does that happen
have you seen no more we hadn't come
across the bloodshed oh I gotta get that
I don't get em just like you guys I've
got to capture that omen on camera a
black cat make the boss fender allow
what other opens other let us know in
the contract you know sesame crown on a
childhood superstition Oh never sell my
back you'd break your mama's back well I
think we should get like 50 umbrellas
guys okay let us go into coma session
other superstition so I can ask grandpa
Bob I feel like you like oh wait them
all I want him to allow our town then
too goddamned ladder fell oh no are you
serious
shoot every coincidence no I 100 it does
it right on top of me
you dare step on a crack and break
grandma's back no I'll step through the
crack trip
okay guys okay grandpa just got laws
that's probably what it really is
okay I'm covered with lens guys I
believe it in a few minutes you don't
know what we get what superstitions
around you oh we're all going to come on
goals next to my family we're doing we
getting out of here in just a minute but
I do want to take a minute to say rest
in peace Adam West
that was a comedic genius man
not that his Batman was committing what
is it one was exposed to be comedic or
just is now no it was going to the
olives I grew up there and you would
laugh oh yeah when it came out is more
tailored for kids Becton even though you
know anybody that like that Marin
launched it and now it's probably more
campy you know that is much fun to go
spit yeah Georgie boy husband you just
Joker right and pow crunch you know
exist don't just come riding on the wall
you know so you guys taking a minute
recipes Adam West my knowledge of you
comes from Simpsons and Family Guy but
either way rest in peace the guy was
comedic genius he wasn't Funny or Die
Family Guy The Sims do everything he's
Adam West right
you know recipe was that man he was that
he was Batman was he the best fat in
okay of course he was it was original
you thought about like Michael Keaton
but it's nothing to do with the TV show
yeah you got to understand that when I
was coming up man that that was like a
big thing that was like gone with the
wind just coming out you know movie you
know yeah Batman when Adam was like oh
my everybody had was denied if I had to
watch Batman always everybody every week
and that's all you talk about in school
Judy said that last night all that
Riddler you know what if you didn't
watch it then you were left out the
conversation Wow Batman was the original
water cooler so guys taking a minute to
say rest in peace
Anna Lawrence particularly destructive
yeah huge Adam last evening he really
was were you wearing this before or
after I was wearing this actually before
I found out this morning than he attends
waiting so I was wearing video game here
collage oh my G oh one attribute does
him you know yeah you're not Adam less
that me she's like just a little good
that she was walking around with it wow
do a picture of it kind of like mom
walking around with like the Elvis thing
garnet a trend that started happening
she just her Walker
I wasn't thinking because I had a West
above my bed that's one thing that can
make or Pinos
remember one time he made them there
were spicy ball peanuts yeah and they
had the hint of this creamy flavor of
these out but just to taste of the spice
it had burned your mouth and dad knows
what he's doing boy is it good oh yeah
they are good oh wait German we have now
met King boiled peanut oh my gosh I
wanted oh it's mine I cheered what did
you write hey cookie my kid movie
another gonna check though le grumble -
my hands are getting minute there's a
lot I mean this one's the biggest ones
in there
okay here's bigger that one guys
Warwick a Japanese spoon first which
necklace boiled peanuts it happened to
me again man I thought I had King boiled
peanut latest thing the boil I fathers
of the acquit essential boiled peanut
maybe there is such thing as
superstition this most folks what is
that
there's nothing yeah I don't know I hope
the wind is too loud for you guys to
hear me right now we're at wasn't Yoko
so yeah right Yokoso with Grandpa it's
time to go through what's his at all
this good I didn't realize what I was
ordering okay it didn't seem like a lot
on the app it really did it so God guys
here you go Bridget me second have a
look
spring roll bagel we order so much guys
it's sort of like what happens with the
Taco Bell app when I'm ordering to talk
about it next thing you know make a way
more food than I need all examples
always slow down hello signs do Thank
You Barbara is fine there we go tomorrow
barbecued chicken I'll survive market of
chicken tomorrow and I have a jitter
mouth and there's going to be say first
close yeah shifting around cold LSU has
more sugar all right guys what's that
one that's good
we're leaving Japanese right now you
guys and if you're wondering why I
didn't show you any of the footage just
kidding I did show you all the footage
Michael Bridget does not want me to do
it cheering we got guys we ordered way
too much food here's the thing well it
looks like a lot more than it is is
because there is a container with extra
rice the spring rolls came into in the
piece now look guys no excuse we are too
much food we got Charlie to feed but
that still leaves a lot of food right
and Bridget doesn't want me to show it
because she's like oh god people already
think we're pig I'll call my mom over
Yeah right
oh look we're not going to eat all the
food I'll be honest we'll have lunch
maybe dinner there was a homeless save
it for leftovers there was a homeless
guy outside of Yokoso and we gave him
one of the teriyaki chicken dinners
because we're out of our minds like we
order too much
see where we go marketer oh my god but
it was about the record then we're going
to go back and get more another two
months guys sorry
