what's going on you guys Tippie on a
camera here to do us here right there
and today is fun Friday yeah on Friday
- Cindy put this guy's dude Cindy is so
annoying oh don't say that about your
mom she's not that annoying just when
she's best fun Friday guys bindi has a
habit
well after yourself people like oh my
god this is hard - why we're just joking
Cindy Friday guys
yes day today so Joe today is Friday and
today we got a business meeting downtown
in Cindy's joining us for it happy
Friday that's the second time you've
said it that's the only thing she
includes the matter is everybody gonna
say it hey maybe one happy fun Friday we
got a business meeting down
I'm about to open a horror block Cindy
covers those Lynn Center over which I
have not over one of these in a long
time oh my gosh I know right dude poor
walk oh I love for glottic my favorite
great yeah I haven't gotten another one
I know okay
so that smell of a fresh bright intruder
intruder oh yeah that is cool Wow I'll
take a really cool art for a Nightmare
on Elm Street I can get Tim just for our
birthday that's pretty cool
Kim I know you're seeing him now you'll
see it when you don't come down in July
he thought coming down phone no and to
spending her birthday not here guys I'm
reducing this that no Sam I do it all
the time okay and umbrella I know they
say don't open it in the house man
dad let me tell you got rich screwed dad
thoroughly believes in the theory that
if you open an umbrella in the house
you just do it then yeah I should guys
here we go
firehouse oh okay oh crap bring it and
umbrella and it's a great my crazy phone
I know my gosh watch this right here
I love this thing yeah I close it you
just close it did it help
how about work he needs help in his
Lottie
Oh see she's gonna figure that like
vampire candy you guys I have a looking
for candy goo forever do you remember
candy goood yes oh my gosh is like my
favorite like cherry flavored good and
this says it's blood
wait hypo what it says do not ingest
what what do you mean on the back do not
ingest that's not candy but what the
hell is it why this me blindly work
where they send me it's probably just a
toy nope I want a candy goo alright the
last thing is a shirt and is red because
I'm never wearing it Oh Michael you
actually the wonderful and rapid Frog
brothers Vampire Killers anybody
recognize the reference that's q is the
Frog brothers vampire killer you I'm a
frog brothers van guys that horrible Ock
I really thought they took handy goo now
I'm just kind of depressed cuz it wasn't
we got to go downtown we got business to
do this head downtown
alright you guys we were about to leave
to go downtown but before we did Charles
comes over he has channeled his ISA
inner Tobias view K if you will
I am in and out and our rape therapist
is and now at this no I quit I lost the
backswing so it was all right here so I
said hey I thought I'd get some streaks
and just like how did is a bizarre show
us together
you had away from me I got every need
and ivory like a mean way of finding
love - like oh my god speaking of is the
first time I've seen Sadie I told you I
did I did a podcast a couple weeks ago
with mamaia flat out entertainment oh
right right anyone hit the reaction
videos that he said yeah yeah I did a
reaction video debye about dad cancer
said he got almost 1500 subscribers
overnight because of a cool god yeah man
I got to watch him indefinitely man and
guess he really broke down he's been a
big fan of a series for a long time so
button told me he's like do you is it
wrong that I have just the biggest
hardest crush on Cindy recommission
candy man and he's like I'm used to it
everywhere I go they follow your
historic stuff well Cindy flattener
taste interested
babe this will be his digital check yes
or no basically do you like me jackass
and no or do you like me like me so you
need to check yes or no did you hear
unfortunately under face Oh
ah guys guys their divorce
they take shot day to the revolving all
the time the health basic side
oh so anyway we're leaving now Charles
thanks for brightening Cindy's day up
and it's so crazy to film you like this
because you disappear okay dude you're
like an unlockable character right now
yeah Charlie's like a little 23 unlock
Luis then these look inside there I'm
about to Smurf okay I'm about to swim
her her wasn't like a happy the avatar
that like not Apple I can pull it to buy
a Buster he just disappeared what
happened I really not really look me now
what are you a chameleon
come on man guys we were out of here I
had to show you guys this it's flat ass
messed me up
I need help you makes your face so
disproportionate it's odd no it's weird
that you don't know where everything is
it was like your eyebrows are like I
wish they'd just peel it off it's like
when I shave my eyebrows and this guy
was like you get the biggest forehead in
the world anyway guys we're headed out
back Papa Smurf whatever if you want to
be whatever this is jeez
right now we are on the way downtown and
Cindy got caught off guard dancing to
Humble by Kendrick Lamar and now we are
freaking lost she's like oh I missed my
turn but she was this aware Aarthi
we edit though on the GPS like it's like
where are we going bridge do you
recognize any of this no I've never been
over here we need to leave a trail of
breadcrumbs of something and now we
haven't and now we're nowhere towards
our destination music is gone no more
humble percent no more humble God I'll
try to pay more attention to the GPS all
right maybe a little more humble but I
can't play this much in my role guys I
don't know if you can see it but this is
where we are in the human race there is
a tent selling to fidget spinners like
what and guys they are everywhere
there's one by our house I saw one in
North Charleston I saw one over here I
saw one downtown
there are fidget spinner tents folks
okay how long it took us a fidget
spinner store one of this car dealership
right here that's abandoned get turned
into a fidget spinner store it's a tie
fidget spinner Emporium and warehouse
does not everything so stupid I had my
fun with Linus I ever like shitting on
fidget spinners like defending them some
people love them Cyndi there were a lot
of fun no guys I don't know man I see it
you probably have visited a fitness
center yeah I get really relieve stress
it gets really high stress me they gave
me more stress because it wasn't
spinning the right way yes angrier guys
we're going to a burger place of sesame
burger I'm going to film it
this place is like all custom burgers
they make the ketchup the mustard they
bake the bread they grind the meat
this place is called sesame burger this
is the spot am i hallucinating is that a
tent selling ribeye steak
what a fantastic operation they're
selling rib eyes out of a tent though oh
here they like one ounce ribeye by the
way anybody see me looking at my car
just get real scared because the time
you take care of nowhere I know I'm just
sitting at home anyway hey guys ribeye
steaks out of a tent here it is folks
sesame burner hopefully my new favorite
place being it's so far away it's in a
food court nutball yeah
hopefully it's good all right guys here
is the menu for sexy burger definitely
design your own burger you got beef elk
chicken turkey black bean so you order a
step building your own or they got one
for a signature
my give me everything so I am getting
the Memphis burger you guys leave it
under its glory
there is a house-made peanut butter
bacon and banana it's like the Elvis
Presley burner I'm going to get it
I don't like banana we take them the red
by the way I'm giving it to burgers just
in case fulfill the
guys a peanut butter banana burger guys
weird
we got appetizers we are like nachos
these are the best nachos I've ever seen
a difference right I don't know what the
sauce is I want to go for it here we go
folks
good mmm not I got to try it for a more
for some me wow I love on this and I
could do Wow okay bicycle nice not
usually enterprising right
yes
alright guys we'll get this you can get
Oh mind being a Monica near me
okay Terry I got say we this this half
homemade peanut butter bananas bacon all
this delicious homemade burger so we're
gonna get a bite it s ready
probar guys got his homemade peanut
butter bananas
Begum is delicious
now this is the other burger I got just
in case
Wow are you serious it's like the best
burger I've ever seen in my life
Gordon yeah okay guys I want to show you
something that was really really cool to
me like seriously like you know I've
been on TV before I've been on you know
tosh point-o and you know at midnight oh
my god what is it chill for a second
I've shown you why you're so surprised
for stuff he did not show me radio
things
yeah I've been oh yeah I have to talked
about this yet so guys I've been on you
know ridiculousness and tosh point-o I
mean not a lot of cool stuff but not but
it was all like making fun of me kind of
thing I'm a joke right I know you're not
is cool guys
PSB I don't know how many of you know
the songs that I did with PFE called no
rush
oh I actually sing in that song it was
on the freakin radio PSP was driving
down the street it was on the radio and
he made a Twitter video look at this and
it's the first time I heard myself on
local radio let's just let would be no
rush that is profoundly cool yes and the
reason that is profoundly cool not so
much the fact that I was on the radio
because like I said I've been on TV you
know react you know reality shows have
approached me and we deny that for you
guys what makes it cool it's the fact
that I was on the radio because you guys
requested it you guys called that radio
station in Ohio and you were like hey no
rush and PSU was like Gil people are
requesting it keep requesting it and you
guys kept requesting it and they played
it I wonder if it's played anywhere else
probably not nobody's requesting it if
they do request it guys if somehow you
hear it in your area record it instead
of me on Twitter yeah I would love to
hear it I would love to hear on my radio
yeah oh my gosh we should call your
question I want to hear it - that is
awesome oh my god guys seriously it's
moving it's amazing that because of what
you guys did you called you requested it
you got it on the radio and it is a real
song it's genuine you know oh my god
it's awesome floating
dude this is freaking selling like a
what does that phrase the coast
I don't even God Church tell you what
what Jake Paulson I don't know
regardless guys it's awesome
oh great thank you guys so much for
questing it I'm gonna go to the car
right now and listen to my radio you
know it's not over you want it because I
kind of need a thumb we should call it
quad let's request Michael like Debbie
calls yet no why would it be on their ID
event don't over the radio in Ohio but
we need to call to request a I don't
think you're going to hear anything
oh we're not going to air on this
Michael nobody cultured quests no it's
not going to happen
it might it won't I mean I can call
marinara and no pentagram
yeah guys I'm just joking I know it's
not gonna be on the radio in here okay I
was being sarcastic why it could up and
that's the cool thing that is we should
call now
Natalie read it one Michael you have to
call you said people I said but I forgot
to station
well what did does that do but I can
call another guys I'm just joking around
in real serious to go for a minute it
was awesome pfv keep requesting it that
was awesome dude
that was very cool that was awesome for
the radio who was on the radio it was
you and ps3 and PSP or excuse me
P&V and I is his huh we're about to do
the outro you guys but before I do I
want to take a moment just to say thank
you to everybody that called that radio
station and requested the song Matt pfb
really appreciates that I appreciate it
it's not my song is his but what really
makes me happy is to see him get some
attention you know some of the attention
that he deserves because the guy is
really talented you know I love the guy
he's awesome guys check out Matt pfb
check out the song on Spotify
you guys want to request it your local
radio station let us know if you did it
tweet it guys we're going to do the
outro but I wanted to take the moment to
say thank you to everybody that helped
make that happen for Matt PMV because it
couldn't happen to a nicer guy I hope
something happens to this guy's career
if anybody knows any record labels write
them
I want this do to get sign it's like how
I wish I had the power to get them fun
because I would but I don't I'm not that
talented I don't have that many
connections but I wish that I did guys
if you know anybody introduced into Matt
vfe this guy has a lot of talent thank
you so much for everything that you did
this could do this outro well that's
going to be a pretty day you guys thanks
for watching had a pretty good day it's
a really good day it was really nice
thing went on we went downtown with
Cindy we had some meetings we went out
to lunch hung out with Charlie
we opened a crate I was on the radio
tons of stuff happened you guys thanks
for everything thanks for requesting the
song thank you guys so much for the
support I love you guys so much for it
it's been amazing
good day it's been a really good day and
you guys are truly amazing we love you
so much thanks for watching you guys are
going to get out of here gonna play some
Jason yes guys I have a really funny
Jason stories to make a like if you want
to hear it oh well that kid I was
playing and this kid was on the mic and
he was freaking out you want to hear it
mekka like but is so funny like it's so
funny we were talking about really a
week now yeah he reenacted every single
day and doesn't get it was hilarious a
guy smack the like button if you want to
hear it let me know in the comments
section the word t10 Jason so with an F
J fun it'll make sense when I tell the
story guys I'm gonna get out of here
Mike described hey
another L&T guys so much
I think my best friends come over
science we got yeah we're going to play
Jason all night go party fuck
