what's going on you guys Tippie on a
camera here for us here right there and
today and Thursday is it Thursday and
it's Thursday today is Thursday and
today if you didn't see both lungs we
upload a gesture aid number one I
dressed up like a chick all day and I'm
okay with it it's fine
Michelle returned or Shannon or Trish
whoever you want to say that I was I
guess hey Trish but I do kinda think I
was Michelle it was just it's like do
they all have a separate identities yes
like Paris is definitely a big guys and
Shannon is very into holidays why was
Michelle guys I dressed up like Michelle
all day yesterday and then in the second
blog bridges best friend came over we
hung out we had a good time Tabitha
thanks for hanging out you know I saw
some comments saying she was a paid
actress how do they know guys you got it
we had to pay to pretend people enjoy us
oh man come on I thought you people
don't believe that I hope you like they
pay someone to pretend to be the only
friend I talked to every single day
since 10th grade guys it's her best
friend she lives in another state now
but she hopefully is gonna start coming
by more offensive hangout it was a good
time yeah we really would fine
I'm sure the neighbors are pretty mad
though it is what it is you're like a
violently laughs oh poor neighbors
anyway guys today is Thursday today
we're going to grandpa's and Bridget
unfortunately it's going to be into pain
later we're gonna put some ear drops in
mind guys we're gonna do it Bridget has
really horrible your pain let's do this
okay you guys we have a car or a cop
kind of a cop car
so right now I am taking camera humble
self gorgeous one
Oh God and so if we get pulled over
I'm not looking to get shot okay so I am
going to put this right here
okay when I best put up now and yeah
let's just proceed about our way we have
done nothing wrong maybe waiting for
like ever returning really yeah okay
guys selfie stick going back on he's
gone
bike huh so he's thinking I do that
every time folks I'm like you know what
it looks like a gun I'm not interested
today ma'am I ain't about that life
today it's every day bro
right now bridge and I are just out
running is it till right now this is the
moment I would logo version dink this
like dental you placed if I take role
that will blow do
guys take a look at that again and
compare that of a smile more love was it
the same I don't know it sort of looks
similar anyway right now me and Bridget
are out we're running some errands
pretty soon we're going to grab my
pathology guys that's we're doing right
now we got to go pick up some medicine
bring up some gear drops which we're
going to film put them in those is the
worst ears in the world guys Bridget
cries every time we give her ear drop so
encumbered hair do you really yes every
time this is sting I guess we'll just
need some sort of bolt or something it's
not going as low as it was last night
anymore
look I said in it and I think chef
hey I'm filming you in the chair what
they don't know about nothing happened I
don't care did not break the chair me
and Bridget have found a new hangout
spot for the house that we really like I
don't know why we never did it before
the front porch right now do you look at
this guy's freaking covered
Ivan Sayed it's covered it's beautiful
out here man why have we never done this
before
I don't know but it's so freaking piece
off the telly were just like I know
reference I'm trying to think of
something quick I'm sorry
Nexus understorm we're sitting out here
and in flogging because it's covered
it's always funny we're just like a
brick wall behind her and stuff I like
how you look
yeah it's actually I don't know why
we've never done it before
I don't either I love it though yeah
it's very nice so anyway you guys we are
back ran our errands John Burgess ear
drops pretty soon when we put in those
in I'm gonna live don't say I love it
I don't like eardrum anyway I don't like
your job
Bridget hey see you guys she cries like
that's true like we usually joke is
Eddie trying capri pants Bridget does
okay I mean I don't like the bridges on
her side neck needle
it's a passive out anyway guys we're
putting the ear drops in Bridget we're
going over to grandpa's house I got to
fix this chair it is what it is so guys
last night Michael broke the chair
resist so babe it's okay because I've
broken every other chair Bridget I don't
want to talk about what happened it's
you not alone that's what I'm trying to
say this is the only chair we have love
miss requests would you break the chairs
well there's embarrassing just what
happened to me last night no okay when I
break the chairs I'm usually by myself
and nobody sees everybody solve Ishika
ticket we can't not talk about it okay
gotcha
we gotta talk about it we're about to go
to Grandpa's house okay I can fix
originally named the federal yeah it is
better I don't want to tell this tell
the story not everyone wants to hear it
last night for just run Tabitha was here
we were all out having a good time we
were on the front porch because it was
raining and everyone to chill out we
wanted to have a good time I sit in the
chair whole point not I what was that I
don't know that was well that I forgot
what I was even talking about what
happens oh yeah the chair yeah you guys
your chair you like angrily just fly
down I didn't it was vicious lies we're
just trying to pretend that I was like
care mm-hmm you were oh are you okay
baby
oh look I gotta tell the story quit it
good I sit down the Train it was gentle
this har sat down let me sit down in
this chair that's exactly how a sad no
yes it is no now tell the truth okay
guys I was doing a little almost my luck
guys
I don't know a lot of you will know this
but I like to do stand-up comedy so I
was we're gonna truck come from a why is
it there I don't know I don't remember
it passing I'm leaving I don't know if
I've ever said anything to you guys
about this but I like to do stand-up
comedy I write bits but I got act them
out okay so I do the acting okay I don't
want to sit down to the chair and I fall
through it go sit down
my ass is touching the ground
now here's where it gets really
embarrassing next thing you know I see
flashlights oh my god and it's our
security they heard the noise they
really okay over here
and they're lashing two flashlights on
me and I'm stuck in this chair and
bridge and her friend have to get me out
of a flashlight
sawing oh my generation total
humiliation the chairs broken
you happy yes it was very funny but hon
it's okay I break them to the security
wanted to laugh just into like anyway
guys if she's not in lights under the
situation bridge and her friend saw I
was humiliated women inside afterwards
did happen to say anything about it when
I was gone
well guys he didn't I mean she didn't
but I went inside a Mike was bawling his
eyes on the fire hey good tell everyone
you're lying
Hillary I might go and inside cuz he was
falling his eyes out as a lie her
embarrassment is a lie I did not cry but
we're going to bet any charges pants and
then he had to get into a shower quick
while you were making this up like this
guy we're going over to Grandpa's house
right now guys know that she just said
happen leave a comment below if you know
better chairs for us to use cuz guys
will give this right now this bar
shifted ah yeah really
she posed to I know this like a $2.00
chair no I don't know to get these
chairs are two for a dollar so guys let
us know in the comment section if you
know better chairs because this is
really uncomfortable
something really comfortable and
cushiony maybe and Canada's never gonna
want to come over again if she has to
sit on this okay at home our tomorrow
and well she's tiny if this chair is
fine for her but me I need a big boy
chair okay you gotta fix that guys we're
going over to grandpa's yeah what is all
this totally good ah well look looking a
lot of freaking squash oh my god it's
you like in the wintertime that is so
cool
drink more shutting torna what we did we
were kids
I mean Oh bullcrap what we did I get
y'all do it I'm trying y'all gone well
grandma has do have a lot
she had a without her I know if y'all
didn't do shit to me well grandma's way
was a fly box kinda like our day good
night
what very well
they're all gonna break down oh yeah I
really miss granny long they listen to
dead Randy I guess yeah for some reason
grandma we will shut the TV spin the old
my name is yeah I do how about happen do
they go okay y'all start boy up go but
yeah there was no enforcement and act
exactly day she sure too much care too
much love yes it is that's the problem
is like you would walk away when you
walk with we're out there you got that
right one packet of freedom throughout
all what is all this man a squash so
it's all squash all this scrub how much
squash crazy
what's Lascaux including the provisions
like I got 20 doesn't going up oh my god
what y'all were no watermelon I did not
see them
let around a corner oh wow can we have
one yes hey I paid five you say that and
obvious you don't have you got me my
prize oh my god
often the price honor well I gotta go
Isis gas go get your business man but
you were already going up there and if
it doesn't matter I still got it I paid
you to kill majority qaq cassava
here I'm convinced he's middle of your
got this ready just one charge for it
that's I'm diggin I'll boy I'll be I got
five bucks for those I'm going to take
the water W perfect good o to the old
one three Oh
now you keep doing my Cuban hazel things
down oh you have one of those wow you
just won with his ball art he would not
be a threat new boy we want me finally I
just able to be worth it to watch
Charlie yeah thanks oh just say you only
have one just say yeah one oh come on
and that's clear enough I get it now
it's probably it's been 30 minutes now
$10 now you know it is big two minutes
$10 the inflation so wait a minute
really took what would you really pour
that water on in Nasik you hated ball me
off of it you wouldn't do it call them
out go stock oh yeah don't call me out
there talking okay you win oh you mean
all of you don't do it so sucker use the
phone phone I felt the animosity in the
push so they really can have watermelon
we'll get one Bridget how was your knee
I heard he's limping what's going on it
hurts I got daddy you should go to the
doctors I am I'm gonna virgin long are
you I really understood like it is that
I ended her because I will straddle the
dollar all right with you which you're
gonna live me
when I do wrong no need you I don't
think you need me I feel like to go to
the merger through with my farm bar
what because I'll make sure okay no
you're the keeping the esteem they don't
take them no I want to make sure my
father's okay he just cares about you a
dictator we all care about Nixon a
doctor yeah I know more than you dog
I'll get going go ahead well Jacob it is
summer huh you ready for some a walk
already gonna hug warmer yes he's ready
hold on ready so you don't have
impossible corn mm-hmm how long you been
doing that
look at all that corn shucker oh thank
you making dogs out of that corn puffs
stolen for those guys those are burritos
right stuff if your knees hurting you
let me do it no I'm not joking around
your Lisbon I'm talking I don't like it
I got that I'm using you I got that I'm
using you God or whatever that thing is
what is that is a knife sharpener I
thought we got rid of these now I just
want this oh hey okay hit a little
apprehensive here I love this family
yeah everybody all right guys we're
hanging out we got special guests in
just a minute he's playing this game not
caring about nothing it's not you can
see it's not Jason
every time are you guys we told you we
had a special guest someone yeah ting
seen in a week ladies and gentlemen it's
not JT know this project it definitely
not no no if I had enough guys place
your guess is now below who do you think
it is but it is not JC give me a second
already JC
please take everyone know what do you
figured it out though they oh we got him
on didn't even know guys is JC back for
the summer you have you back for the
subtle Oh dong goo back yep your face is
really yeah your face is clear man oh
great
I got nothing else to say
yeah well he's back he's gonna cover the
lens down yeah already looking better
you put a little dramatic system into he
should go
Correll is now okay I'll cover the lens
is it a little too far to be doing it
it's very hot but you guys do it here
once you all the guide and I scoop it in
damn get hold it back
no he's just trying to help
Oh Anu
I love this change the subject I want to
see if you want to play the Jason game
Friday so Jean win tomorrow Friday yeah
I do you do
guys smack the like button if you want
angry growl how to play Friday the 13th
the game ah oh my god I got it I got it
no just sit down you fuck yeah party
should watch let it cool good can why
can't tell you put more than it so
there's no real repeat you don't want
yeah you hurt you destroy your hands
there was real
I was going to say that's the way to do
it but again okay we got this I got it
let it cool down you can reboil the
water
no you won't burn yourself if any was
pain abled game barking I'm done
Michael stop ma'am I will stop
we're back from Grandpa's house which
means there's one more thing to do
before we do the outro ear drops guys
Bridget has a historically bad time
putting your drops in I don't know what
it is your drops are falling in your
head it's cuz they feel so strange
Reggie trust me you should really be
scared to death okay I'll be ear drops
now okay guys before hey your well here
drops okay use 30 to 60 drops in both
ears twice a day right 30 to 60 30 to 60
60 year drop we can't do that it's at 60
that's kind of like the whole bottle
three to five so funny
all right wolves not the worst ears in
Charleston she's like white liquid guys
look at this this is what's about to go
on bridges ear drops yeah ear canals can
scared okay folks
one drop you know a spider just cry out
of your ear Brooke got job Doug I'm
soaking why did you believe that all
right ready - mmm three
oh it hurts I feel it Bridget you can't
you're gonna stop five there you go Lucy
house I'm going to do this for seven
hours so it doesn't I don't always been
just a there is some porn out of your
actually why that shit just chill and
we'll get how much time you gotta sit
here four bridges got to fit here for
the next five minutes in wait so I
almost sit here and chat with her
so all that squash at Grandpa's house
was where huh
no why is that was so funny guys
he says preparing for the winter I don't
know man I don't understand why like is
it gonna be an extended winter dad like
he's just Game of Thrones like what do
you know about winter that I don't know
where we need 400 bags of squash I know
like are we gonna have a horrible winter
storm or something seriously like we're
gonna be surviving my slice yeah he's
gonna eat it
no come next summer Zagato gentle squash
Vijay yes I made too much yeah yeah oh
yeah uncle he's going to do I'll do
whatever squash Mike but next winter we
need more like why do I need to prepare
all these like squash bags for what I
guess we can play now but once he's
making delicious squash Kumble I'm
talking like him now come winter when we
go I don't know guys he had a lot of
squash he had a lot of watermelons you
have a lot of corn is very strange I
know why is he doing that corn like how
are we gonna eat so much corn your drops
are falling in your head then the
spiders are crawling out in they'll soon
be dead what all right folks it's hot
for ear number two and I gotta shake it
out shake it out
I put it in her ear so maybe she can
hear
here number two hurt no all right folks
both ears done we'll be back in about
five minutes then we're gonna be doing
the outro Bridget I'll be start hearing
better yeah
it took a mere five she responded
clearly we're about to do the outro guys
but before I did I wanted to take a
minute to say thank you to my mom
thanks a lot mom she has got me hooked
on Elvis guys if you're not familiar
with the old video let me the really old
anger grandpa videos mom was obsessed
with Elvis like really obsessed then
I've always had an appreciation for all
this I'm not going to say that I hate of
the guy right but lately I've really
found like a real appreciation for him
and there's music and I love it and the
guy could sing so Elvis even though I'm
gonna butcher it this is for you um
glory glory
I don't know what he says right yeah my
mom will be so mad she heard me doing
this any time somebody sings Elvis she
hates it
sorry ma we'll sue this out true love
y'all this that's going to be it for
today you guys thanks for watching it
was actually a really good day we went
to Grandpa's house me and Bridget hung
out had some fun and your ears weren't
as painful as you were thinking yeah
luckily I stricken hate your pain guys
it didn't work hopefully like buy one of
these next few days it hurts why do you
all might use to hurt I'm joking
I don't really want that guys we're
gonna get out of here thanks for
watching really fast though boom bang um
anybody seeing this jello cake should
have went jello cake that's how it shows
up guys we got the stuff to make that
jello cake that Bridget ruined my
birthday I want to redeem it I want to
have the jello cake I want to do it
right smack the like button if you want
us to give it another shot in this
humble film it the jello cake redemption
yes yes I'm making it me yes I think you
should I am at would you be if I like
rock solid Atta I would really be a
little envious and jealous guys smash
the mic one cuz I'm gonna do it right in
Adina that's gonna be mine
I would be jealous with my boyfriend
guys like subscribe favorite alright
everything to us and that's it I love
you guys so much thanks for watching you
guys thanks for all the support you've
always given us appreciate it that's
gonna be it we love you guys so much
love you audience ooh
