what's going on you guys Kibby on a
camera here for to us here right there
and today is one thing today is
Wednesday and today nothing nothing hey
guy raining it's a rain day which means
we doing nothing all day but watching
the rain yeah sounds real fun oh no what
have you ever seen the rain yes I have
today you got me okay guys today is
Wednesday and today I don't really think
we're doing anything just up having a
day in that's really the only thing that
my favorite things ever guys do you want
a second upload today that's the
question we will do a second upload
smack the like button if you want it
looks like we're starting early enough
where we could start to vlogs guys let
me know if you want it there might be a
special guest in blog number two I don't
know yet no that's all for later that
second blog if you want it smash the
life I'm so excited special guys guys
we're gonna get this vlog started it's
Wednesday we're not doing nothing I'm
gonna go check out the rain i what am i
doing what's that what's that song I
don't know I needed to oh my god very
profound Shotley just like the rain I
dare you to go in it good like this huh
that was cute actually on oh I dare you
to go out in the rain this is my outfit
for the day I'm not getting wet Michael
it's rain we love rain yes I love rain
outside of the house yeah you're not at
all you won't do it right what what
grace is too dark can you even see me
it's a little dark but yeah I can okay
how about this
better yeah what are you in the third
grade you're gonna dare me I dare you to
go out of the rain how is this let's
just drill a hole in the roof you like
rain so much you like being one that's
just letter
in one room okay you hate it you know it
don't pretend oh you're just saying
you're not cool I'm not the cutley all I
know people would gone I'm ready we're
gonna be like oh you dared me
oh let me do it there we go babe it's a
really cute outfit no no I was so close
oh my god that was way too close
no Michael at least you're cool I want
the board on my do it see what happens
why don't don't really do that I'm just
trying to spawn no you're not why you
get struck by lightning you're gonna do
it that's your day outfit you're not
gonna do it Michael come on I almost did
it's a look yes Michael no Michael
please don't know you're gonna get
struck okay
get out of there you're gonna get struck
by lightening struck by lightning
yes you're a struck by lightning what do
you think happen instantly yes I mean it
could my day outfit I told you you know
I have anger impulse issues get out the
pool you're gonna get kill what a shame
my head get out the pool I don't you
just struck
ah don't do that again those beetles Oh
frog please be alive please me a lot of
pros you don't film him no no you okay
it's gone he's alive oh I'm great I'm
sorry buddy put him in a tree oh I need
to get a frog log yeah
monkeys jumped going on you it's good
all right seriously Michael Michael know
what it is real they're dirty they don't
sit oh no whoa you have no clothes with
that it's not through my goal I'm doing
laundry this is just temporary let me
open the door open the door you want it
all right yeah I can't help you if you
want no you're you're beautiful give it
if you guys just have to shout hurrah
oh hang on I got something for you not
only Vaughn come on to ideas joke fun
they laugh give me a hairbrush damn girl
you want anything I think this is a lot
in this what you wanted
let's go play the game Bridget I'm going
to run away okay I did a wig a little
joke to laugh at me okay ah he's got a
where's away those Rogers clothes that I
will but I hope that I came all the
jungly drama club that you got it Tresh
so have you been that cold Jason yet are
you filming
because we vlog what Jason the one on
fire Tom sweetie yeah
yes I've been awesome little bit chilled
camera yeah oh my gosh he's so cool Tom
to be Jason open go to Wow girl hey wha
oh my good would you stop now girl we
should go to a bar first of all see okay
we want that is not very ladylike you
should cross your leg bro shut off the
mitigators not me so I didn't give a
fire see that holly was designing people
have yeah what do you want nothing
you're just you're cute let's play no
I'm a lot of play when you're acting
like this you're filling the me and
stuff looking like this Michael there's
more important things in this world life
has purpose of this Jason the perks was
a pretty grad relative
those are perks no they're not yes they
are
hi you you know argue with me over what
perks and what's just a grab kill yeah
we that Jason could be super cool so
this part right here is trying to steal
my boat into them so I'm going to be
proud
holy crap why is she trying to like oh
wait there's probably something in there
I'm going for you better hurry
she's gonna kill me how is it wait hey
babe
hey girl go away hey girl I'm a
clothesline
not yet and I just want even though you
do not look like a buff it's good yeah
nice yeah do know dad is gonna be coming
over by the second vlog I need this
outfit gone by then we're just like you
stasis
I'm making them right now give me this
folks I'm filming cuz I don't want to be
filmed I'm in the process of cooking
state biscuits a little bit of breakfast
it's still early
is it me don't hate me not for Jason
guys I wanted to show the time for vini
Jason in action but I can't anyway
playing Jason make them biscuit is a
rainy day
you know I got a dress like this might
as well embrace up Michele's back do you
eat funk yeah i you can
chocolate-covered insect larvae and
drabs offers that is soup again
oh my god
Oh God I don't have any clue what he's
gonna wake I'm embracing it ah hell is
going on
oh you give me a headache come here son
whoa not on the birthday man we gotta
get up yeah nice cute super hard you let
me see that
I'll be back Knievel Trish Trish Oh Joe
this is Michelle no you're definitely
stress that is a Trish haircut exactly
are you doing today so what is your
explaining my thought we were out there
with the pool
yeah oh you saw that yeah I don't have
any clothes in there
I think bridges put them up or something
she says they're being wash they are I
hear the washing machine going
they're trying it's cool I'm embracing
it for a day you should take her out I'm
sure you would have a problem ever if
you go to this nipple line I'm just on a
tinder profile everybody look white one
you I have to accept are you are tender
boy cinder Oni smack the like button if
you want Charles know to drag yeah I'll
do it I'll do it
how many like 5000 Wi-Fi that's a lot
all right no you'll be doing it for sure
what what do you mean I get down on the
regular oh really no this 40,000 that's
an unreal number I also up reaches
40,000 I'll do it you got your back will
you do it with me my being undressed
living I will dress it like your date yo
go I'm not gonna dress like this
he will dress like that are you but
you'll go out there I'll be there
ordered a 40,000 we'll go on a date a
date absolutely
I'm the one wearing a dress here 40,000
y'all want to see it I'll do never get
looking you here treat me to a dinner a
movie I want the works you ain't you
know if you're gonna move it why me and
Don me if you got it and you know
Michael might just stay the night no
don't keep the light on Bridget okay
I'll get fancy well I'll do we get
40,000 oh thank you guys dinner and a
movie and well yeah baby I want to be
treated like a princess
he is not gonna be a cheap day or queen
or be queen
yeah she's British I'd love to have
those I want to be a queen well he guys
heard it for what is that I'm trying to
get return to get to sing mumuga go now
okay guys yeah or never turn into a good
day
I've accepted it I'm good with it
Bridget drama glow please
so Michaels having a conversation with
Charlie today very totally normal
concentrating said I pray it's almost
dammit what's going on - my little
another good day all right hey hey don't
nobody yeah bro calm calm a B they're
cooling down
all right we're clear then we'll all
right all right
oh hey my dress is not being for angry
okay
I think I got that yeah I hope anyway
you did it I'm out baby look go we
should go to the store ah forgot it get
it
I'll maybe recognize me right now folks
bowling Putin oh there are hey big girl
now you know it's me right it's me aunt
Shannon guys I'm okay with it
Bridget how my clothes coming it fits
our she's not doing it folks the whole
thing it has been our folks and she's
just doing this on purpose to me at this
point show Shannon is here to stay for a
little bit or would you like Shannon
Trish Michelle which is it right side
okay
Claud I'm aunt Trish
well okay love you too wedding please
don't help me okay
mokou Berlin today that's almost going
to be it for today guys thanks for
watching before I get out of here I
wanted to take a moment to show you guys
a scene that I cut out of the vlog
because I'll be honest I thought it
looked too angry I was pretty angry I
thought I was too angry I cut it out of
the vlog so I would look less angry but
why hide it guys this was me earlier
freaking out over choosing myself to
jump in the pool I look like I'm at I
jump to the pool by my own accord I know
I could not - guys check this out this
was earlier come on will you go get that
camera being ruined right now go get
that help me go give it yeah I'm gonna
lock you out again
michael hart is where you get strong oh
my god no come on hurry
what faking huh I hate this I hate you
hurry ah she locked me out for dump in
the pool when I saved a frog see there's
a reason for everything
yeah you mad at me for ooh bitch be
saved
ah so anyway that was me earlier let's
do the outro folk sorry I was so angry
earlier I didn't tell you though what I
never started your clothes what your
clothes haven't been washing what
they're still what what yeah oh no way
oh no way and we have to go to the store
no I'm not doing it and my best friend's
coming over tonight and better figure it
out
I'm not accepting it no more why girl
you need a bra no guys
hello no we're doing after calling here
we're doing the asshole right now forget
this that's going to be a Pranay Oh guys
thanks for watching start my clothes
that's going to be
hey guys thanks for watching like
subscribe favorite anything but the eyes
Maxim like but if you want a second blog
you're called this look I got cut out
because I copy like your favorite on
everything because like to like for a
second wall girls bring it out for all
y'all on my Friday I'm seen here in a
block either
