you like it yeah is it the best I'm
afraid that you ever had I mean you've
had some nasty alfredo in your life
especially last Thanksgiving
what's going on you guys get me out of
camera here oh I see right there today
is Friday today is Friday and you guys
right off the bat if you did not see the
vlog that we uploaded yesterday
Tina issued a challenge she said Tebaldi
over here now okay I'm joking you know
ball I haven't started yet guys how you
can only help yourself in that aspect
guys today is Friday now yesterday's
vlog Tina challenge Bridget to the
fettuccine alfredo cook-off and she said
she's gonna show oh why is he going to
embarrass herself dude she's talking
about showing up at our house Sunday and
just doing it and I'm trying to tell her
Tina that's not happening dad third
weekend of June or something the camera
died while we're doing the intro I don't
know what happened into the intro taste
before we get any further I want to take
a second and this vlog to say thank you
to boogie2988 you know for some reason
if Lily gets like a bad rap on the
internet I don't know why it because he
was one of the nicest guys that I've
ever spoken with and anytime I've had a
problem I can just call him and we'll
talk and he'll be there for me doesn't
talk about himself
none of his problems matter at the time
he listens to you and last night I had a
I had a moment where I was really really
really sad and I had nobody to talk to
and all of a sudden boogie texted me and
he was like hey how you doing and I was
like I'll be honest right now I'm not
very good and he called me and we talked
for about two hours until about 6
o'clock in the morning and it really
helped it profoundly helped he doesn't
know how much it helped so boogie right
here in the vlog I just want to say
thank you man I love you thank you for
the conversation you kept me entertained
you kept my mind clear and you gave me
some amazing advice and I love you for
our man it's can't wait to see you at
VidCon which guys by the way
announcement I'm going to VidCon
definitely last year VidCon said Michael
don't come don't show up we don't want
you at VidCon
they told dramaalert the same thing
today we don't want you here at VidCon
well guess what VidCon I'll see you
there entertain me for just a second you
guys I want to take a look at how
something would be Bridgette is against
the idea she thinks it'll look stupid
okay I was wondering what this would
look like behind her because I think it
would be cool to have the urn lit up
from behind I don't know
all right maybe she was right
man this is still going on
does anybody know how to fix the toilet
just keeps doing this it's been doing
this for like a month
it never stops it haunts me I hear it
all night I don't know how to fix it are
there any plumbers in there I need a
plumber what do I do
I can't fix it Michael just call a
plumber
I want a plumber we need no you're not
you don't even know what that is
probably I don't either
it's the witch everybody knows that's
called the toilet balloon balloon I made
that up I don't know it's the toilet
palm the toilet pump I don't know I just
want to say like a figure with the
sounds come you're gonna freakin mess it
up more probably you know our water both
$64.00 yeah it's usually 19 wait are we
gonna fix right yeah there's nothing
fixed about more money well fix right is
because of this toilet what yeah it's
usually 1950 a month it's leaking out
it's seeping Michael is disgusting
you're never touching me again you're
only doing that because I'm filming no
I'm not I'm doing it that yeah you are
you over the top back on
what are you gonna be when you grow up I
would be a plunger you know what you are
a plunger actually Michael this is frog
you know that right I mean I think what
we're gonna fix this I got a call a
plunger the first thing that we need to
cover is the why why Tina oh why do you
want to have a fettuccine alfredo
cook-off with Bridget why dude you're
gonna lose let me tell you why she wants
to have the fettuccine alfredo cook-off
if you weren't a fan of our vlogs a year
ago well it's about six months ago we
made like a I just call it what it is we
did a sneak diss to Tina okay
we won listen we wanted a diss her okay
she'd been talking about us on her
videos
we weren't responding hey let's talk
shit about Tina just without saying her
name
so around October we were hanging out
with Grandpa and we brought up her
fettuccine alfredo and we talked shit
about it guys check this clip out this
was from last year this was our sneak
diss to Tina
Alfredo oh man I'm excited real Alfredo
we've had many Alfredo's made for us
most hummus crap yeah sometimes somebody
made out Fredo for us dude and the
chicken was like a month old
tastes like we dug it out it's like a
garbage pit yeah we were in the most
delicious like it was horrible
yeah here we are making real Alfredo
bugs simple very simple recipe you like
it yeah is it the best I'm afraid that
you ever had I mean you've had some
nasty Alfredo in your life especially
the last Thanksgiving so it was weird
that's good Tina has been hanging on to
this ever since you guys right we saw it
for the first time oh yeah what do you
do by the alfredo huh Mike Tina okay
yeah that was about you the truth we had
told her it wasn't good I make better
look Tina you're off Fredo recipe is
cream of mushroom
soup ragu noodles and throw up it's like
as a joke team fine
I'm not saying cuz she's gonna try to
steal it yeah we're obviously going to
do the cook-off eventually Tila used to
make fettuccine alfredo for the family
and she always tell us oh i hand-rolled
the noodles and we knew was BS and we
got it out of her now she uses box
noodles like the rest of us okay top of
that she's a jar sauce like the none of
us we make sauce now Tina has been
having it out for us ever since we did
that sneak this and look I don't blame
you Tina it was a good sneak diss okay
she was pissed about it that's how you
know you've done a successful sneak diss
when months and months and months later
they're still bothered by it that's a
good sneak this Tina doesn't let any
fellow the bumblebee is back now let me
explain to you why it's not gonna happen
on Sunday because I can't allow it
number one I told you guys yesterday to
click like if you wanted the taco egg
roll video on Sunday and boy did you
want to see it now I can't upload two
cooking videos on the same day on top of
that Tina you don't make the rules
you don't say who's gonna show up in our
house and we have to abide by your
cook-off challenge I don't think so
we'll get to the rules okay however I
know you you're actually gonna show up
so I gotta put my foot down I had to get
me a guard dog and I did I've got a
guard dog Tina and my dog bites I'm not
talking about bail I'm not talking
Michael ID I'm talking about a real
guard dog I'm talking about a vicious
guard dog so Tina you're feeling froggy
I'll see Sunday otherwise I'll let you
know when the cook-off is yeah good yeah
Scarah
better she's gonna show up you I just
told you to cook off Sunday who don't
know who wants to do the cook-off Sunday
I don't want to do it Sunday more
because of that video that's going up
pollen is freaking everywhere yeah it's
really bad about you Brody we need rain
I'm not afraid to admit I'm afraid of
teeny you're afraid of Tina you're not
no I don't want to do the cook-off
Sunday though well we're gonna have to
do it eventually she's going like why
are you scared of Tina because she's a
vicious woman yeah okay she she's very
loud she's very loud but for the wild
bro I'm not scared of her as she needs
what's your story
my god oh my god there's two by your
head Oh be careful dude is bullying you
yellow jack I just wanted that Abby off
camera and it chased me oh my god what's
up bail oh my god I don't know what
she's freaking out Michael I don't know
no it's my new thing no I want this
thing gone what does I do it's been like
forever and I so missed it oh my hey
what are you doing you can't let me why
because you'll stop doing them at the
camera we're getting out of here in just
a second you guys but before we do I
wanted to make a quick scene talking to
Tina directly so Tina
directly for me to you I know we sent a
lot of insulting things in this vlog we
said your alfredo was like gray puke and
it was made of cream of mushroom soup
and glop and I said a lot of stuff and
it was very insulting and I want you to
know that we're just joking Cina we're
just joking around it's we're having a
good time we said it in jest we said it
to mess with you a little bit okay
please don't watch this vlog and be like
okay I'm showing up at their house at 3
o'clock in the morning because Tina
that's not the thing to do okay I've got
security okay I've got a lot of stuff
please don't show up at my house because
we know that's what you'd like to do
you've done it you're mad and when you
get mad you like to be confrontational
Tina it was just a joke okay your
alfredo was more than adequate it's just
not Bridget's it's just not Bridget's
Alfredo she makes
it's like Bridget's Alfredo was made by
God himself okay and that look I'm sorry
that yours isn't like that I'm sorry
that yours is like look it can be like
gods Pele and I'm just messing with you
I'm still just joking Tina calm down
we're just having fun I don't want you
to show up in my house all pissed off
okay I'm just having a good
I know how you get speaking of team of
you guys and yesterday's vlog if you
haven't seen it Tina played fortnight
and it was absolutely crazy it says it's
as insane as you would imagine it is now
if you haven't seen it check out the
link below
speaking of yesterday though I filmed
another scene between Tina and Jennifer
on the porch and I took it out of the
vlog if you want to see it smack the
like button things got crazy the winds
getting crazy I'm getting out of here
you guys it's too windy to hear me but
Tina if you watch this vlog if I hurt
your feelings I'm sorry okay
Bridget just makes better Alfredo I was
just going in and I looked over and I
noticed the basketball goal was laying
on the ground and I don't know how that
happened I mean look it's a little windy
right now but not enough to blow down a
freakin basketball goal it's weighed
down by water as it is so I don't know
how this happened okay this thing's too
heavy I don't know what happened there
no there it goes oh forget it I tried to
put it up head fell again I was just
standing earlier when we were out here
chasing the bumblebees and stuff it was
filled with water I don't wanna say that
spiritual it something just happened
Tina you think let's do the outro nice
try Tina well that's gonna be up for
today you guys thanks for watching today
was a good day
today was a great day guys a really good
day you know aside from every aspect of
it I love the whole taser thing that
made my day how long have you had that
thing again I mean I thought we got rid
of it I got it two days ago you're sick
no I'm not I'm happy and sadistic it is
the angry Grampa taco egg roll video he
wanted to do the whole will and egg roll
unfortunately it just never happened
guys that video is gonna be this Sunday
and Tina's speaking at this Sunday you
ain't welcome that's all I'm saying
you ain't welcome here Tina no remember
my dog yeah
