what's going on you guys can be on a
camera here but to us here right there
and today into them today is Tuesday and
guys if you didn't see the blog we have
a little gesture we actually upload it
to if you didn't see the second vlog I
ruined my iPhone and I'm going to check
it in a few minutes and he can't deal
with life anymore
guys you know how hard it is without a
phone life without a phone you guys you
don't realize it's so boring life is on
a phone it's like the worst life ever so
today we're going to find out if I'm
getting a new phone and be days without
a phone or if putting it in rice work
guys we had it in brown rice and I don't
know if there's a difference between
brown rice and white rice
I mean hopefully there isn't because I
can't cook brown rice I've tried to cook
brown rice before it is burn from light
and we've all boy stur I don't know so
weird guys today's Tuesday today I'm
going to find out if my iphone is broken
and that's it into the intro I like
doing short or intros because you guys
want to get right into the action which
when I say action I mean just chill and
run yeah I was thinking about something
you remember whenever dad sprayed you
and he thought your shirt was bleached
yeah well your face was like that was
the end of your world as you knew I love
this shirt I mean I kind of want to see
it again
we'll each episode oh that's already
started turn brown
oh no waiting it's just whatever will
the pointed out guys
I just felt so bad like that wasn't so
bad you really thought your life is over
yes this shirt I love it I ain't roll
over you can call
five Bell all right now that's bells
dealer want to trust a walk with me
she's the belle of the ball
so right now charlie just what the hell
is that there's a talk of the Reaper
Sunday he and I have to show his little
setup here is it it's impressive I'll
give it to you impressive he forgot his
tripod
so we took a ladder got a ladder in a
lanyard a ladder in lanyard and this
thing that's a lanyard on the self is
impressive yeah this is the MacGyver
ingenuity I mean yeah man you got a dude
you got to do brother right that's good
you know I would have done it I'm scary
you probably would your smart guy he's
doing over to girl she looks guilty
oh yeah and you look kicking she looks
guilty
what are you doing she wants she wants
this child don't have those spicy stuff
in their belly you can't have that also
she has other stuff going
I ain't never stems up and there ain't
no spicy stuff that's a good stuff can't
have a bell the exact was chocolate
chocolate right good for dogs or milk
I'm not good sauce cooking for dogs
that's from that dog man one time me and
Bridget went to McDonald's no we do
Wendy's and we got we filled up the
table we've loaded up what I had like
three cheeseburgers surprise from
Nuggets
I mean Bridget dad or somebody had
knocked on the door we walked over we
come back in ballet everybody's included
Bella baby like she's celebrating like I
did that rappers included dude seriously
we come in where's the food in bellos Oh
kidding me by the way is it a chocolate
Reaper thing yeah next next next I'll
eat a cheeseburger wrapper
at all dude hey Ellie be stopped so
someone's gotta everybody tweet me to
theta to Angelo what you decide a can
tarantula you didn't see that yellow
toucan tarantula I don't if you want to
share it out on there and your channel
or not but he did
why wouldn't I like ellaby's oh we're
friends I know that's cool
la beach check it let's do didn't crazy
shit to man I'm a he no can't tarantulas
hey okay anyway your is probably going
out to get some Mexican food in a second
will you think of Bridget burritos all
burritos tacos cheese dip this is a good
day I don't think so and you should try
the Sunday now here we go hoops
is there a malicious hey well now owe me
a coke well crap do we do the green song
sick Bridget we share the same brain zip
for one word yeah okay ready yes alright
one two three alright cheese ah you're
gonna get it
then what happen appraised am impressed
with it I would have been a president we
both that cheese guys maybe we should I
say embrace them I don't know guys
Momo has loosely connected to your frame
some stop speaking moment of truth time
where kids are not from right here guys
I've been all night without a phone I
dropped it in water yesterday this is
what happened if you see every slowly
you want to ruin your clothes I think
this would be fine okay you Venus
keeping my phone uh yeah probably break
off just look what's going on in that
little head of yours I thought it would
just glide oh Michael
I made a huge mistake this was in my
pocket it was fried we sat in right I'm
confident I feel pretty good it ready
yes come on is it on no come on check
out maybe it's dead I've had it charging
oh man
it's fried my phone's dead now what
good good ATP today right now no matter
what everything up holds we're not going
to Mexican food today my goal we might
have an upgrade my full bike just
recharging yeah I stairs oh fuck oh boy
just try it again
well I told you mine took a week my
phone's destroyed
Wow white Oh camera recovers bug to the
camera pick it up I hope are these bugs
I like you see it if the camera picking
us up or Noddy if you look at the
distance from the light hits it the
right way it looks like a million little
bugs like doing this yeah why is there
so many bugs where are they coming from
what are you doing is it a bug yes a bug
in it are always breathing bugs in are
we breathing them in oho oh my gosh what
if it's allergies Oh
what if it's allergies oh we can see
allergies floating in the air well if
this is like not bugs and it's just
floating in the air that could cause
allergies I don't know if the camera is
picking up it's annoying me you got your
phone taking a picture my phone is
inside try um flash hopefully that works
Michael they're all over you they're all
over you I don't know why what are they
I think they're either tiny bugs or
allergies they have to be like allergies
they're bugs where are they going not in
my throat led yeah I know how we're
living
so Michael went to get a solid and I
feel like annoyed the bugs were
everywhere usually yes you hear the
trash you know she almost hated folks
no I wasn't really gonna leave ya door
so Michael can't get a zipper of off it
are you doing oh oh why am i wearing
underwear stop filming us
hey Michael what are you pretty much
different you need a softer music okay
hey guys good good
so kind of soft tacos do you one logging
yeah what I'll film it it doesn't swear
to God as well
oh my god
people go seriously people I can't go to
the car open this up it Michael Vaughn
yes they sold a bunch of bugs
I think the bugs are on your lawn Oh
Michael I'm kidding
Michael chill out
you're fine it's not happening to me I'm
fine it's okay it's nothing
I'm not being hyper contract and I were
you thinking do we have everything for
chocolate so what I can age atop sour
cream at all oh we're getting sour cream
and cheese dip and chips so then why'd
you ask me the question oh my god the
answer table guys we are trying to
figure out how to pack this because
every time they fall out and the reason
is there's no net right here I know I
still need someone to do that because I
don't know you know what this means our
Bridget - I am unloading the buggy and
I'm getting in the car now get over here
put the buggy out like was raining don't
make me here
you gotta I'll situate the bag - it'll
fall and if they don't fall I'll cook
dinner you'll cook yes well if they
don't fall you're good you're gonna cook
dinner regardless they're not gonna fall
as highpoint deal all right
save camera I gotta do some magic let's
see what you got magic does it yeah you
put two cases of drinks at the barrier
yeah that's all it takes
appellant ain't so how can we never do
before I do whenever we get soda take
this you got me how could still you
place you better be cooking I will I
promise
guys are not really going to cook you're
kidding oh the prey
all right what would you do
I almost got run over I don't know
people killed me oh don't apologize
meanness lies we are headed back home
right now oh my god Oh Bridget turns her
hair and all to see this truck like this
close to hitting it let me start this
thing over okay one little rewind guys
we are on our way home right now to make
tacos hmm
yeah you're making a don't you're making
right yeah and you better make them good
control is gonna be in your tacos I mean
I can make tacos
what you've ever made before right yeah
guys everyone use these compliments that
they didn't see that although we didn't
record that did we I screwed up taco
night one time I used beef consomm√©
it's over it's over it's over
because one time Bridget made tough cuz
you should be ha ha it was Bridget was a
boy all right all you called it hey oh
my reaction you recorded it no no don't
do instant replay your ending vlog and
dinner a play oh thank you stop it out
all right yeah I gotta film this just
show like how this Clips up in the house
okay guys so this ha ha ha playin me so
what the hell even is this it is the
prize affiliates beer it's not beer
la beer now both I guess it's not do ya
guys
we're about to try this new Mountain Dew
green label crafted green apple Kiwi you
want to hear the word prasida and beer
right this literally looks like beer
most alcoholic local alcoholic club
anyway it was the alcohol level is we
smell alcohol no and that is not on this
first alcoholic beverage what I'm just
kidding what I'm kidding it's just a
cool Mountain Dew I don't know I do
really try again I don't like a kiwi
apple element which is like everything
about it oh my gosh try it really yeah
I'm not into it
your turn camera tell it cute oh yeah
almost just like an energy drink yeah
and the energy drink guys we don't
really like it uh no guile we're not
into it by the way if you're wondering
why she said Kim would puke Tim refuses
to drink any kind of drinks that
variates from the original she won't
drink Code Red Mountain Dew voltage
Chirico aha aha melody she will try any
other variations Harry how original
ridiculous yeah guys let me know in the
comments section if you wants to force
her to drink some drinks and if you do
what kind I'm definitely picking that
kind this going to ruin her experience
she's gonna hate it you're right
erection to be open-minded about this by
the way can we tell you it was cool your
eyes with no Mary yeah I notice his
bloodshot no they are my glasses what
happened where oh you're scaring me no
bro I'm not you think I'm joking or
something I'm not I'm not joking is
bloodshot frigid well it's trying to
like blow air out of my ear are you
serious
she blew blood back a little ride with
this I mean this is a couple days ago
though yeah been there for a couple days
have you not notice it what am i
permanent damage it looks permanent you
think good I need help
are you guys Tom for us to make tacos
brings me the meat today and there's no
real recipe both me salt pepper onion
powder some of those seasoning packets
garlic garlic powder
I'm putting the hot meat on the sour
cream you can't allow any way I love it
we tale so good okay now that a little
bit of homemade guac Pico right over at
walk a Pico little bit tomato that if
for some reason the cheese mother is
blind Bridget I wasn't done Jesus Wow
eyeballs by the tribe Bridget tacos I
hope it's good here we go it's like a TV
talk a look at that Wow
mikonos halibut mmm yeah good nice
mmm let me try you know you could talk
to them the grease is running on your
arm God Jesus
nice job Bridget I really have got tacos
we're going to call charlie
ring the dinner bell we're doing the
asshole in just a second folks let me
cover can't cover with this because uh
so let's try back it's not for me to pay
tribute and respects with a burial at
sea of the iPhone it is broken the folks
I'm going to tuck it in the yard
throw in the phone over the lens no this
can't be fake
guys don't you fear I will not drive you
anywhere tomorrow I'm aiming for the
pool go ahead
what would you whatever you'll see
nothing Michael stop it it's broken
Bridget just wait it out that's going to
be it for today guys thanks for watching
I had a pretty good day
ate some tacos Bridget nice job those
tacos were so good guys they were top
ten taco Bridget day with this many
delicious guys seriously they were great
thank you guys my iphone is destroyed I
went all day without it I'm just just
wait and see what happens
well that's really good viola Santa
brings you know I need I need a phone
okay Amy and took weeks reminder work
I'm not waiting a week we're gonna get
it tomorrow or something okay well in a
week guys I'm going weed without a cell
phone my tablet yes terrible it yeah I'm
good oh my god I disconnected the phone
from the tablet I can't reconnect it
without a phone guys like subscribe
favorite I'm on everything but you guys
will figure something out
I know I'm gonna do a bulks I love you
guys
love you my life
