what's going on you guys keep you out of
camera here did I see her right there
and today I have the world's largest
temple yeah guys I tried to papa for a
second ago and she almost punched me in
the mouth even Oman it was like I
couldn't help it it hurt so everybody
guys there's one of those under here
works like blinding paints Walter here
let me try screaming I did she'll stay
Wow your corn by morning hard guys she's
got a huge pimple but that's not we're
going to talk about today this is vlog
number two if you didn't see the first
blog that we uploaded I advise you to
pause it go check it out it's a good
flog we were saying goodbye to Charles
he was leaving Grandpa's house moving
out go check it out because blog number
two Charlie's moving in here guy he went
to our uncle's house our uncle said no
so I told Charles to get move into the
pool house so today he's moving in here
and that's pretty much all this vlog is
I do want to take a moment to talk to
some of the people in the comment
section yesterday there were people that
were it was a specific comment that I'm
going to respond to there was a guy
saying like oh well you know if maybe
grandpa would like strongly if he had a
son whose girlfriend was fed they had
dogs and okay like you're trying to call
for a fast so first of all why don't you
go I'm calm calm okay I'm calm no I'm
not calm let me tell you something else
seriously first of all grandpa doesn't
like Bridgette number two what's up I'm
calm I'm calm
these people know what they're talking
about commenting I'm getting mad you're
following stuff you don't understand
what are you talking about
yes a couple of months ago you're not
learning from yourself are you I'm
calming down nice know that I'm gonna
happen
no seriously to the person that said
that click the subscribe button so the
check mark disappears so anyway um I
don't know
I was only flashing I was trying to mess
with it earlier but it's so difficult
it's like the hardest AC system ever why
does it gotta be so hard I know there's
a power button why doesn't it turn on
come on this is a joke I know right yeah
you know what
I don't know what I did I know that's
the thing I've got a divert wine my mom
has gotten it to work one here we hit
turn it down 64 is Plaza go hood Wow
yeah do 68 sell one because I I'm
worried about 64 like what if it freezes
up or something cool working work hike
yeah that's awesome
Rock number one fixed yes air
conditioning yes alright let's celebrate
i jumping in taking a swimming pool ciao
alright the idea for a float jump with a
pool without getting wet oh that's not
gonna work at all hun
no you want to ruin your clothes I think
it would be fine okay you finished
giving my phone oh yeah probably
Michael good look what's going on in
that little head of yours I thought I
would just glide Oh Michael yeah yeah I
mean how's the water right
nice I multiplied it again
oh my god just just stop where's my
phone call in your pocket drenched and
ruin Oh
ah I really in expect that phone hi guys
this is my outfit for the day
Oh Michael day dang it now there could
be caught new any errors with the intro
oh no ready yes you don't warm I don't
think it works
is it possible I don't think it's
possible they told you to do this me I
thought open a good ever challenge
really oh well one more
all right got it okay this one I'm sure
of it
Michael I want to go swimming now we're
all so great oh my gosh
Charlie rule number one all most women
don't you be staring out the window
yeah that's odd that would be odd one
more trick up my sleeve
Bridget oh yeah forget it fellas you're
miserable
cut it off are we gonna go in oh my gosh
no sorry laughing put in rice what put
in rice hold the top roll this yes boy
on the bag just cut it open in a ball so
your soda no good you better not let me
down please this whole-grain rice like
soaked stuff a hook oh man don't tell me
this difference between white rice or
hot plain I mean I didn't know I'm just
kidding it's got it Burt come on please
I'll be ruined so so I don't have the
iPhone that's waterproof right now of
course not I had to like skills I look
out way for the next iPhone wait you
might have an upgrade available man
figures crosses this of the work guys is
there a difference cool white rice and
whole grains
hopefully not we're gonna see never this
is presented
I've done it before that's right
I had a wall way and I dropped it in
death coffee
and although and I really could not
afford a good phone back then and like
cut back over the next morning it was a
little worse for the wear but so they
just stare at or what Scott leave it
well so how long no mine didn't work for
a week are you I can't fit it in right
for a week it even works in the next
hour we're gonna fall it does not it's
not going to work in the next hour done
I'm done
there's a mess up of a heap checking no
I don't think
huh Michael you learned how hard to
press button down yes
don't do that it's broken visit my
phone's gone don't say that
maybe sell me something different
oh this was a shock yeah just stop it's
not going to work
Oh one day you'll be close to being
smart as much Wow
oh okay good you got a good eye here I
am thinking yeah it did absolutely
nothing I don't want to hear it sorry
guys hey cut yeah our bigger cut
maybe this one goes all the way to the
bottom
Oh No oh geez it's like it's like that
battery then they don't break bad out of
like all right we can leave it alone I'm
sorry I was just trying to help if my
phone's fry because I was stupid okay
okay Michael and see how real serious
howls I bet the garbage bag for the
g-string so basically help me what about
this pier the whole trash can out there
maybe you got a dump it in the actual
trash man
really Falls a muscle fine too high save
you can so do it oh my gosh white
clothes the frickin stepping pedal on my
fingers okay I'll be fine
you're a man you can't writ you got the
rest away from here Michael look at you
guys it is gonna be a beautiful day you
can tell my god what that what is going
oh okay yeah it's gonna be a beautiful
day the clouds are oh my god yeah
clearly is talk about a rain directly
over me like beautiful hurricane this is
this batter pour directly all over my
head so I told you earlier Charlie was
gonna be coming to the pool house and I
guess he's not I was just he's right a
liar man people would call me a liar in
the comments I just showed up he cried
like I showed up a lot of stuff I was
gone up here on the comments are like
he's not really coming why is that like
I don't yeah guys yeah Michael no way
man Michael came through for me man you
guys would find out if I made that kind
of a thing up like we chose blogging
yeah yeah more work ask him
don't ask him if you where he is let's
go check out my day go pokes
you have the one who knocks as you
already your own place though Oh none oh
yeah
I'm a little dude oh wow yeah but it's
all I got
and I thank you very much but it door
ciated oh yeah like I say uh hopefully
no angry dad special daddy repository
charity stuff up I want to go to a
proper TV yeah oh yeah so yeah no I'm
happy man thank you very much the chill
prints of my hot defender for the white
hot dog and it's right here oh look
there's my fire arc 9 will they open the
place up for me man so cool
yeah Bobby caring bad this little I
couldn't figure it out for the life oh
that's fine manual pain and I can put on
it and blow back at me okay work that
unit work sick it's it's fine I feels
great in here - it feels really good
it's just earlier we're doing the Trump
figure how to turn it on you guys all in
the vlog like it's showing us like 20
minutes actually get that thing wrong
with ya in the wall you're crazy
it was wrong like a it's hard to plan
right now well guys there it is
Charlie's here he's in the pool house
people can relax that lower waist writer
Michael does the same thing that you
want to say like I said you like there's
a lot that you didn't know what was
going on you guys come let's go home
so like I said in my blog you know
you're like Michael Scott you're looking
preparing Shalom
and then I did you know saw when it got
out you're like I didn't we thought
everyone about was one of Bobby's that
didn't work out unfortunately and then
you're like Pennsylvania what is going
on here you know so what I mean is was
like when you said you know just P I'm
not going to let people run my life
right yeah yeah yeah what people
childhood would do like guys yeah I'm
gonna do what I'm gonna do if you don't
like it there's a check mark next time
you drive it like seriously yeah I mean
you see did the right thing man you know
good definitely did it bro I mean what
what is this that's behind the shops
beer and it opens up the world open your
mind and open open open everything guys
we're going back in we'll do the outro
in a minute there's that thing well
right now you guys Bridget is boom chef
kitchen making dinner chef boy y'all
Brit out of my Sadler Isis movie she
does a bread going she got the water for
the noodles going free solo on the
control we have a spaghetti for dinner
tonight folks
I love Spenny enough like fast food
we're cooking again yep it looks good
come on taste it just to do
good good awesome whoa let's get this is
situated quickly look guys we're cover
spaghetti tonight I just want to cut to
a shot up the noodles sliding into the
boiling water is actually satisfied it's
very satisfying if I can ever get D if I
ever see it come on that and I guess you
close is gonna fog up and I'm gonna miss
my satisfaction
everyone's gonna be mad and provisioning
it Oh errant went if I come back and
it's boiled in are you serious oh no I
can't get no satisfaction
poor thing I was really sad to find you
out we go it I then just watch it what
is it my fault
Kim sent just watch out what is on her
face it's a face mask a face mask for
aging are you serious yeah she thinks
she's like 90 years old
we're looking at solar face Oh
what why is she gagging I don't know you
got to find out is this video well my
guys guys check out the link below check
out Kim's videos also pop up on the
screen please do nice slow motion I did
already
okay great guys what their distinct like
I don't know getting old stinks young oh
gosh I'm be some spaghetti well that's
going to be it for today guys thanks for
watching this was our second upload of
the day click the like button if you
want more double uploads will try I told
you guys when I can do them all the time
but we will try more often I totally
love double uploading obviously dude
it's a lot of fun but it's like it's
hard it's very hard
oh yeah that's pretty car my life's not
entertaining enough you guys so anyway I
paint boring we're very boring people
and you realize it when you do to upload
so anyway thanks for watching you guys
had a pretty good day Charlie's here
Bridget made spaghetti Kim uploaded a
funny video grabbed off stop by I didn't
record it but grandpa stop by hung out
for a few minutes guys good day like
subscribe favorite all on everything for
just and that's it as you guys so much
not more than me
I can't hopping
