what's going on you guys kid behind the
camera here bridge Wes not here
and the reason bridge West is not here
is because I'm starting off the intro
just talking to you guys because today
is going to be a one of those days as
you can tell by the title of the vlog
charlie is moving out today and I hate
that he came to this you know I saw
those people in the comments mad at me
you guys you don't know the whole story
okay there's two sides to every story
and it's like I don't want to be an
asshole but you guys did this before
with the other situation and I had a
short text message and then you it's
like you got to stop judging us before
you know the story it's not fair to do
but that aside you know things got bad
the other night around my birthday and
here we are and he's moving out you know
I think he I think you know he wants to
move in with my uncle which I get you
know he and dad have been butting heads
obviously you know the butting heads and
things have not been good there I
offered the pool house so you guys know
because there's probably going to be
people again without knowing the full
story they go yeah he just threw your
brother aside I offered to let him stay
in the pool house I don't think he wants
to stay in the pool house you know the
plan would be to let him stay in the
pool house and then help him you know
migrate to an apartment so we can
finally you know get his life back on
track because you know ever since he has
no story ever since all that stuff was
happening with jail and all that you
know his life was off the rails and he's
working to get it back and then the
sobriety stuff started happening and it
looked like it might have been going
back off the rails and so this all is to
fix all that so I'm happy for him I'm
happy that he's
taking these proactive steps for himself
because this is definitely a needed step
so today he's moving out oh I do want to
address you know what happened with the
birthday dinner because people were mad
at me because he he cooked me a birthday
dinner and I didn't go and try well I
first I was under the impression that he
was going to bring it by here and I was
going to eat it here because you know I
had a lot to do I had the vlog to edit I
had the stuff to do with the house and
then by 3:30 4:00 in the afternoon I had
to go to whole shop house so I was under
the impression that he was going to
bring it and I guess he didn't I think
it was a miscommunication or something
and so I went to my dinner at hall's
Chop House and then when I got back out
all that stuff was just exploding and
you know I'm not going to get into all
that but it was bad when I got back and
I was just sort of caught in it and I'm
not going to apologize for that though
you know it was my birthday I'm
celebrating my birthday you know I was
not aware you know that he was not
bringing the dinner by and by the time I
got back everything was happening it
didn't even matter anyway but I'm not
Mexican apologize for you know
celebrating my birthday that's not my
fault
but things happened and he's moving at a
dad's house today maybe I can convince
him to move into the pool house that's
the goal because I want him to get his
stuff back together and get back on
track and if you don't take the out for
Charles I love you we'll be seeing each
other it's just uncle Bobby's house
right
it's not that far as to say North
Charleston but anyway today Charlie's
moving out guys smack the like button if
you want to double upload today because
chances are there's going to be enough
for two vlogs okay so if you want to
double upload smack the like button will
do it guys charlie is checking out today
and I hate it
yes rlogin well probably checking out
folks
yeah we don't and I'm not disappearing
man hello man why y'all down and why
y'all down are you know Charleston's not
my opinion sit like that yeah of course
we can do we can go out and do things
you know I said yet they need me here
watch the boys stuff I got to go out and
do something you can come get me
however Bridget will take that well man
look I appreciate you appreciating we go
for me too man that's been rocky but I
mean go get bad family you mean yeah I
know X I know exactly how dad is
clickbait thumbnail probably economic
benefit of all ha ha Charlie's checking
out I am going to miss him trying to
hold back to yours but I'm gonna miss
you you know I only want the best for
you thanks man and I you know absolutely
I appreciate you got someone like Chris
who's gonna hopefully not go out I'm
going to unleash the real Chris now yeah
yeah who knows what's happening Mac yeah
most no you see Chris like sweet neck
tats and shouting what happened it great
what eyes this way I don't know how
moving on he went to bat for me
literally yeah so he's like what does
that mean yeah and I haven't even talked
about it yet oh my god what if he does
now won't say talk about a Bobby but
what if but what is power later I'll
spin you democratic Christmas and oh no
tomorrow I'm not really eating all that
I'll be checking into Motel 6
I got a whole quarter loser hotel really
here yeah guys Charlie's out of here
check him out he's leaving grandpa's
house but he's not out the family that's
right that's a good feeling
so many tells me Mike was like get out
of here you're worth it was I hit six
you gotta meet as a city now what do you
mean be comfortable
well you be some rules the country we
develop I like it here
oh yeah but you know good for him yeah
I'm really happy for him I think it's
good time having to get on his own after
a year all the timings working to build
his wife back up so hopefully that's
worth its lead now that he has his
opportunity and that's what matters
absolutely well you went down some
sandwiches today the went down some
sales will go up you know scare it off
we do eat net for a while all we have is
sandwiches for a while oh sure and what
if I said I wanted my chicken wings I'm
a gentleman
oh please thank you grandma is just not
having it today does not is that it's
not what you're not having it's just not
your day you know he's out of it isn't
that sound
I'm not out of it you don't care about
anything right now
you can tell me get out of your face
let's all you gotta do it something is
clearly wrong with you they're done I'm
tired a long week individuality even so
let's jump in design Christ confetti
Capitan huh no it's a little choppy
cameras you can cry and cock your pants
need to go right different those it just
feels like I just got off the forum
salteena corners so you guys probably
checked out
this Web is run yeah
are you sad of course I like I don't
know oh yeah guess had our way back to
the house guys he's out buddy ain't far
away he ain't gone forever he's gonna be
sticking around you guys seem probably
some some dinner sometimes
definitely fourth of July definitely
fourth of July kids not going to be good
definitely not catch him won't be there
that is for sure I'm trying to like a
traumatic moment can we do this please
you stay far back right the other door
for the dramatic scene you ready
yeah all right we sing of something
profound
Oh Charlie check it my bitch dramatic
scene says one more time
my cover was all the curb so it's darker
I turn off the light hi okay okay that's
good this off how he's loosing the bulb
okay ready yeah
strange new he's just a phone call away
ha ha ha it's so dark in here Michael
sheesh
did you get enough sandwiches okay I'm
just doing Juliet food yeah yep
here in Turkey and a problem today I
think a drink give me the drink dude
I called you back about the chips look
those was just me harassing we're just
talking something that's almost going to
be a fritter data guys but before I get
out of here I wanted to take a minute to
talk about the vlog that Charlie just
uploaded it's on his channel right now
it's about moving out in the beginning
of the video he was talking about you
know the fact that we all went out to
dinner and we didn't take him and he
hadn't eaten and people are getting on
me about that they're getting upset and
guys you know it's not that's not what
happened that is absolutely untrue you
know I thought you guys would know by
now how much family means to me you know
I take care of my entire family I take
care of Bridget's family you know I do
everything that I can for everybody in
my family because family is everything
to me I invited Charlie to move into the
pool house and Charlie but offers still
valid I saw the Bobby said no so that
offer is still in the air if you guys if
you want to stay here you know the pool
house is open must get you back on your
feet
but you guys that is not what happened I
did not starve my brother out I guess
people are trying to say that I did you
know what happened is you know the night
before you know things were popping me
and Charlie we're arguing and I'm not
going to get into all that that's not
important to talk about right now maybe
later down the road we can discuss it
but right now I want to talk about that
but we you know things were popping we
were arguing and as I listened let's do
this tomorrow because we're going to say
something that we regret and I don't
want it to get to that point right now
ever when you right now I don't wanted
to get to that point and you know let's
just shelf it so that's what we decided
to do a total that I will talk to him at
grandpa's house the next day and that's
what I did I showed up at grandpa's
house and I knocked on his door and he
was sleeping and you know my first
thought was you know let him sleep it
off you know last night was rough
let him sleep it off we'll talk in a few
hours and that was going to be the goal
so a few hours later I knocked on the
door again
and I see that he's still sleeping and I
wanted to go weed you know by then I was
like listen we will talk over dinner
because that's what I might look I like
food okay
I love Ryan's family steakhouse that's
where I wanted to go I wanted that's a
nice place to talk it's a family like
food environment we're all eating we're
all talking but at the same time Charlie
does not like Ryan's if you know any
time he gets a plate of the buffet he'll
take one bite and pushes it away he just
does not like buffet food and considers
it to be pigs 12th food like we're all
just hanging slop you know he just
doesn't like it guys he doesn't like
buffet food but that's where I wanted to
go because it was my birthday dinner so
that's we were going to go so I wanted
to go to Ryan's and I wanted to talk to
him over dinner so I knocked again I
wanted to see if he was going to come
and he was still sleeping and I guess
the thought came into my head you know
do I want to take him to the place that
he hates and he's going to eat one plate
back or can we just talk the next day so
I figured we would either talk that
night or the next day because he
obviously doesn't like Ryan's he doesn't
like Chinese food
he doesn't like buffets so why force him
to come talk to dinner when everybody's
still like at a crossroads and he
doesn't like the place to begin with so
I figured we were talking later so that
guys that's what happened
I didn't starve him out I wanted him to
come I came over there to talk but he
was asleep and eventually we just left
so anyway that's what happened you guys
you know buddy was starving him out I
didn't consider that he wasn't going to
eat because anytime that would happen
with dads of me I would just feed myself
because I don't you know I don't rely on
dad to cook for me if he doesn't want to
cook for when you can only me you know
McDonald's will happily cook for me they
will always take my money so anyway
that's that's it for now you guys we're
going to do the outro Charlie the pool
house is open dude you know if you know
I don't I don't want to see a homeless
arm Pennsylvania
so if you need to stay here come stay at
the pool house we will work on getting
you your own apartment just you know
think about it but anyway or do the
outro guys this is vlog number 1 of 2 I
don't know what the second vlog is
actually going to be but it is what it
is guys screw the top row well that's
going to be it for today guys thanks for
watching
smack the like button if you want a
second upload so then that won't be all
for today so I suppose it makes us
that's it for today let's read you
through this whole thing that's
different is yeah smack the like button
if you want a second upload for today
and we would do it guys charlie is on
his way to the house right now to move
in he took us up on the offer
Charles see you pretty soon as a pool
house I think this will be good for him
into it it's definitely you know better
than just breeding contempt in that room
yes because being in that room was
challenging your sobriety and so if
being here is better for it
welcome to the pool house there was
nothing in it I mean but I now get to
get I'm like it's like a couch an AC
unit it better than you know the streets
of North Charleston yeah Oh Charles you
know I'm glad you're coming I'm glad
you're taking a supplement offer dude
out here guys smack the like but if you
want a second upload and we'll move
we'll blog Charles moving in guys in us
are training I think I hope it's
thunderstorms I love thunderstorms but I
don't have any ice cream this is an
emergency we gotta fix a courage the ice
cream oh that's gonna be it for now
thanks for watching
your favorite name of me on everything
per second and that's a look I'm
thinking about what about anyway guys
that's it
