what's going on you guys get me on a
camera here for do us here right there
and today is Sunday and today we're
doing nothing actually if I know what
I'm doing what I'm going to order some
pizza and please 513 guys today is pizza
/ Friday the 13th day also doug is over
here right now we're gonna be pressure
watching the house in just a second yeah
but we could maybe I was thinking maybe
I could let a pressure wash me when
we're all done cuz I need a bath
oh my god did I think it would hurt
though okay I should be funny we'll see
guys I don't know what's gonna happen
today Sunday I don't know what's going
on I'm getting out of here
forget it long intro intro over say
goodbye love you guys that's it for the
V let me ask yourself well that's going
to be it for today guys thanks for
watching is it too soon to see re right
now we're gonna start pressure washing
the house because unbelievably it means
that you guys check this out it's crazy
how quickly just dust and crack
accumulates on the house so we got does
here right now and we are going to be
pressure hold
caught up in the wire he is going to
pressure wash the house I'm gonna get
this house Queen once and for all
enter I dug that's right look get the
house clean once and for all she's been
dead for yellow party it wasn't
you hear me
this is crazy mercial washers are insane
guys if you want to hear the time I was
pressure washing a house and passed out
like like I don't know if you heard I'm
gonna repeat it click the like button if
you want to hear the story about the
funda I was pressure washing the house
and passed out this is great but
anything that's gonna barf all right
you've done oh my gosh right yep Chris
terrific Italy where you need a shower
they so want to do it ready for get a
good childhood an awesome how is awesome
you want to do it yeah when do it I miss
their death will trigger
phrases like one of the female
ghostbusters
special power water uses pray Michael
and he comes out
is so funny but don't spray me
yeah yes it's free you're gonna spray
you with a hammer please all I'm trying
to talk to you dad is freaking out why
the stink is messed up are you serious
yeah we got to go over there he does he
has he done to grandpa's his sink is
clogged
but probably got a hambone study never
from a hambone he's freaking out she
just called me good way to massage oh
that's already started turns out oh no
waiting it's just we got her head we
could squirts no bleach no get a little
white wash are we doing over examples or
not yeah freaking out about everything
let's go right now they are daddy you
can finish his later he works on his own
time does doing a good job nice job Doug
of course we do got to go over to
Grandpa's house because if things not
working Photoshop there's like I don't
care about that thing I'm gonna do it is
and then it was the second to go water
was actually coming in really not shut
or something up by in their Bridget in
their playing Friday the 13 does gone
guys we got to go over to Grandpa top
The Situation's getting dire he's texted
me like three times where are you ma
shit
yeah gotta go that's Friday the 13th
we're heading to Grandpa won by ham
we're not doing up into the hair right
now look at me now yet yeah Michael
don't touch your face I'm afraid to
touch my face oh yeah the only open cut
I am
oh god we need to take it off for a
tetanus shot okay Oh what bottle it
again guys grape off freak down
Oh time that was a cocky I've been told
a lot of prospectus is very funny
keep freaked out bro whoa oh my gosh
Michael yeah hey J damn sup she's fine
don't don't chicken bones of hands all
right let me help
well I also many Oh throw you you're
gonna bust your ass I need you to go to
nap now and go all night without much
think it looks like a stick snap yeah I
get it
what's wrong with it it was down there
who's taking pound here's a wild idea
did you even recently rabbit anything
out of the sink oh you ran away oh my
we're just trying to help woo what is
that
she's will bones and like stuff
everywhere I don't even know what this
is done Michael I won over her neither
well let's say time stop now
that's for me Rose still making it worse
she got an asset is you don't need a cow
in your ma versus I'm glad we recorded
what we did you didn t get it out is
gorgeous wonderful thing that's him
you go pick up crazy who are you doing
that's behind the fish tank doesn't
Heidi my decision right now you've got
to go so many
damn one miss is it worth it yeah got my
thing of love I am good just grab the
chicken bone you need to be impudent
idly that was the sole problem or to be
honest with this oh how dare you grab a
chicken down it can't be the whole
problem that's it just chicken mom there
are so many chicken bone so long that
wasn't me
are we good good what's true about
fishing yeah probably
I'm telling you all me Oh will you do it
or not I don't know anything because you
can't get your fish you out of your game
oh I get you win my energy more ever
break down you going back never seen
fish come out yet you guys should have a
fish shops use as a gag Andy you knew
said Dave rules I do I know you
you mean gone fishing over you now as
yet he wanted you but you recall that
that's the most hand people theater
that's not as an noe that is that he
caught that one fish in a year
what is that maybe you let it go and
evil bad Oh kitchen release I thought
you did add a lot of times you know you
can't tell them do you I know if you
ever do it I'm okay to me go free
maybe you'll catch fish one day doing
make off with it he's been lately
all right no you kids ain't bad you will
only take you guys in it Kenny
Oh give me a minute you two sorry mom
and my roommate Susan Kato's wow that
was a time Doug went to Captain D's
Michael my dad can tell anyone he would
talk about seafood watch like that oh
I'm so see found the one that does yeah
they're not lady please don't keep my
fish in an aquarium you allow you to
fish at your house and they're my you
got me and you like that one new court
not you now you not go he loves fish so
much he has pet fish and catches fish
you ladies are vision clean no we hate
each other
you guys need a fish off you have been a
show night vision you right about that
but neither are you but you play yes he
is you see now say that I'm a patient
man
I'm a fugitive man shit I'll be honest I
never seen Doug enough in here dad of
the fish business you never will dad
brought a huge catfish over in our house
one day
yeah of course it was given yeah you
didn't probably thought that that would
that laughter beverage do that it's
actually funny that that fish had one
hole in a tent you didn't go there you
go get dopey I'm going over this one
hole in its head
it was spirit so there's a massive hole
in here no he said it matches the one in
yours
oh definitely that's almost going to be
inferred a you guys before I get out
here I wanted to make a statement first
flag behind me hill Oh flag I wanted to
take a minute to make a statement a lot
of people are going to be asking what's
going on with Charlie now all of the
vlog that you guys just saw happen
yesterday a lot of stuff happened and I
had to stop filming and I didn't get a
closing to the vlog so we're going to do
that now but I wanted to do the ending
of the vlog right here and talk to you
guys on a personal level because as some
of you may know Charles moved out of
grandpa's house today it was very sad I
cried we hugged each other everybody
said goodbye
a lot of people asking questions and I
want you to get the idea that anybody
has any kind of animosity anybody's
fighting we're all so good the problem
is with Charles at Grandpa's house he's
just trapped in that room and he's just
there like you know looking after dad
and looking after the boys and being in
that routine and that rut started to you
know in dangerous sobriety if you will
and it was not a good situation
you know we loved having them there
watch after dad and helped with the boys
but if doing that is going to damage his
own life then we need to let him try to
I guess experience it on his own so we
so he's not in this rut anymore so he
moved out today I don't know if it's
permanent it could be for a week it
could be for a couple of weeks but just
being stuck in that room was not healthy
for him and I love them we got no
animosity it just something that needed
to be done before things did get bad
because you know addiction is forever
people don't really understand addiction
I don't understand I don't have a drug
addiction I'm addicted to food
all a minute and a lot of people don't
think of that as an addiction but it's a
very real addiction because I know it's
causing me damage and making me gain
weight and there's nothing I can do it's
like I'm powerless or like I'm just
going to go get a burger and it's so
hard I've gone on so many diets and I've
lost weight and it's hard to talk about
these kind of things because a lot of
people don't take it serious but being
stuck in that room you know Charlie
being at dad's house and just being
stuck in a room all day and that's it
it's really easy to fall back into old
patterns so we all came together we all
talked we thought it would be better if
we let him spread his wings and maybe
more freedom will help the sobriety
situation I'm so scared you know it's
it's funny it's like you don't I have
I'm the family protector you guys I try
to keep my family together I love
everybody in it and so I tried to keep
Charles like okay if I keep an eye on
them maybe he'll stay sober but it
doesn't work that way
dang that was bright whoa it doesn't
really work that way he needs to
experience his life and he can't just be
stuck at dad's all the time so Charles
I'm gonna miss you make it like what if
you want our goodbyes it's probably
gonna be the whole blog tomorrow so yeah
Charles I'm going to miss you I love you
I'm glad you're you know making the
decision for yourself because Charlie
chill I don't know I thought I had
something clever to say I'll be honest I
thought I was gonna say something clever
and I didn't and I failed I apologize so
tell us you guys Charles I love you
we're gonna stay in touch man he's not
going anywhere folks he's just moving
down the road he'll still be here at
Sunday dinners fourth of July
he's still here guys let's go do this
outro that's going to be it for today
you guys thanks for watching if you
haven't seen the synced video go to the
main channel check it out
angry growl puffs ink guys if you like
the classic videos this was this classic
of an angry girl video as they come
I freaking just try it was so close yet
nasty the sink was grocers bones in it
guys you haven't seen it check it out
there's going to be a trailer at the end
of it you'll have another chance to go
check it out but that's going to be it
for today guys thanks for watching if
you're wondering why they explain too
much about the trolley situation it's
because it's his story to tell it's his
video guys go check out his channel
he'll talk about it himself we're just
trying to give him his space and he's
going to try to work on this stuff so
guys that's going to be it for today
like subscribe wait wait before I get
out of here actually I wanted to talk
about this thing with your dad and my
dad like you mean you hidden-camera film
them guys they are the two grumpy old
men if I did it I know they are too
negative nancies I've got to get more
footage of them gather you guys grandpa
don't hate each other it's like because
misery loves company and they're both
miseries it's like those two old ladies
but they're like eight-year-old sisters
that talk about each other that's what
they remind me of this old and bitter
and they bicker and hate each other guys
what's that smell I've been smelling all
day I say - you know they wanted them
for it those talking about which one it
was all right it's really sank yeah I
want to drop into the other guys like
you guys may bring anything
Italian du canal a complete halt
