what's going on you guys get beyond a
camera here but do us here right there
and today is done today is Saturday and
today is June 3rd the day after my
birthday so if you get birthday month so
this is birthday number two yeah guys
I'm calling Bridgette Adam an entire
month of love and toys and whatever -
its birthday month for pickleboy and I
get an August nope guys birthday month
starts today after your birthday your
birthday is August 25th so the remainder
of August you can have mine start the
sale are not fair that's just I can't
help us born on a second I got a whole
month anyways today here in this guy and
you didn't see the blog that we uploaded
yesterday it was my birthday vlog and
Bridget royally screwed up my cake I
said guys it was so humiliating she
cries over she yells at BuzzFeed if you
haven't seen it check out the link below
it's also at the end and if you didn't
see the end of the vlog we said we were
going to hauls Chophouse which is what
you're about to see right now guys this
was last night this was up over the hall
chop
I mean guys I've got a pan-seared
chicken breast over like this mashed
potatoes the prosciutto Chris we get all
these we're all the fight side
if you loudly hear me okay you've got a
bunch of sighs you know my food
especially your her steak man he go
and cracking a lot of
we have
Thanks
what a great meal guys I was going to
have more footage from last night but a
lot of stuff came up so we couldn't film
anything else but that was our last
night today is the day after my birthday
and that's it we're getting the vlog
starter you ready I'm ready let's go
open up one more present yeah I got from
a youngin
just now Bridgette gave me another
birthday present and if not from her
this is from a young ending William
Robinson and he sent me will look like a
very pickled centric hahaha
now what was it you told me duh Felix
apparently yes guys he has sinned and uh
stuff things from the animals in here
and apparently Felix went into the box
pulled his out and has it on the house
clean wood now I didn't want it I didn't
want say this because no one is going to
believe it yeah I know nobody I see
eyeballs where's your defense with a
pickle but to save us there was catnip
in it so I wonder if that I gotta be why
feels like that see what happened so
guys this is the boxing William William
thank you so much let's open your card
first I really really do appreciate you
if you got a number I'm going to call
you yes thank you so much William this
box is so cute Oh out of everyone in the
world i pickle you okay it's not William
it's Mindy Robertson where is he it Liam
from it on the boxes William but the
card says Mindy oh we're going to call
Mindy or William or whoever just a few
minute I can't ask Mindy who William
yeah okay
now I assumed there was like names on
this stuff but they all fell off so
we're gonna take guessing here I'm
guessing this is mine oh no I love it is
a little Oh mr. pickles
they can't you could spit it like on
your nightstand oh whoa was that one of
mine I know it I don't really know okay
mr. pickle this is clearly for you
Bridget
Oh a candor that's a princess and it has
a crown let's love it oh I love it
Jerri
oh my gosh my idea you have great taste
dude this is too much soft Mindy I
really appreciate it Mindy's I can't
show everything you guys there's a lot
of stuff in here holy crap this is the
pickle pool toy ah I didn't know there
was so much dinkleberg
I know awesome adventures of pickle boy
Oh what is this this is so cool
Mandy you've done two months maybe Rock
what is your Twitter I want to follow
you
Lhasa when we call her today Bridget
will be a princess Oh what how does this
so many Li promise how is this thing I
don't know Bridget will ride in a royal
carriage wherever she goes that's not
happening Bridget will ride me in my
royal carriage
even though folks the last thing okay
Oh a little piffle look how big abut is
well is the other end of the pickle and
it's filled with emergency chocolate oh
wow Mandy you're the best
yeah we're calling Mindy right now right
this second you have reached the voice
mailbox
ah hey I'm trying to reach Mindy I got a
package in the mail from you and I
wanted to call and talk to you and thank
you for it so I'm going to call you
right back in just a few minutes maybe
you didn't answer because you recognize
the number so I'll call you back in just
a minute
let me call back in a second and thank
her it was an awesome little loss so
much pickle stuff I know it's so
freaking cool newly even made so much
better stuff at the tone please record
your voice message when you are finished
recording you may hang up or press pound
for more options
Mindy it's Michael pickle boy from mango
grandpa so I wanted to you know leave
leave a message to you and say thank you
so much for the box I'm actually gonna
try you again tomorrow because I do want
to thank you for the box you know it's
been a rough couple of days so you've
helped brighten them I appreciate that
thank you so much it means a lot and the
package was awesome there's so much
pickle yeah the package was
cool thank you I didn't know they made
so much pickle merchandise I know or
that book that was insane
Adventures of pickle boy and the other
one about princess haha thank you so
much I am going to call you back
tomorrow and I'll try to reach you after
that email you think so thank you so
much seriously meant a lot so she didn't
answer you guys but we are going to try
her again tomorrow
I want to thank her on video because
that was awesome
guys in a few minutes we're going to go
meet up with Grandpa I know you're like
they already ate on this vlog that was
yesterday
though right was that yesterday or not
yesterday right so we got to eat again
yeah we can't like not eat today we've
got to eat guys
loyal and orion's make me a promise what
you will not have them sing the birthday
song absolutely not I understand the
embarrassment I would never do that for
you
Doug make the same promise I won't go
ain't gonna do it
mm guys I double promise we're going to
Ryan definitely wouldn't do that
so you dwell on it too much and I'm
wondering I know I'm just trying to
reassure you yeah I would like never do
that here you know how humiliated it
makes me yes I understand that so I
won't do that to you ever guys let's go
get some chicken we do that again why
because I want to see your hand go get
some chicken pictures I am really
freaking hungry man like guys we are on
our way right now to meet grandpa at
Ryan's family but I send you with Johnny
and when I'm done okay what are you
going to eat chicken chicken this guy's
this kid loves chicken like I've never
seen anybody love chicken as much as
them
like I've seen you like crack open
chicken anything what is done doing
please do a bit ugh oh nothing on the
phone I don't know what dogs up there
okay guys we're meeting grandpa for
dinner right now
Ryan something's wrong with her think
you can refuses to get a fix if we're
going out to dinner fried chicken I
realize we about you twice in this wall
can I apologize no we eat we everyday
everybody eats every day okay we happen
to eat sometimes three and four and five
times a day our here is really fucking
hot
I need to stop too old for you like this
I know I realize that I want to work on
it but today I want chicken right Johnny
yeah I'm just taking away all right how
much is a lot by plated yeah yeah to
place your chicken that's it apparently
75 cents I'm going to take the whole
buffet and drag it to the table and just
eat as much as I want when they bring a
fresh stick in the middle here we're
going to make you all business yeah
we'll put out a business today they go
bankrupt
guys we're eating lunch or dinner I'm
just coming down from the window like
you know we're come by getting here
where's not follow I when we get on the
train
oh dude looking right at us they saw us
never mind
what up
so what are you going to get that stink
fix you need to get a fix man old Ernie
I asked that but we want to do today
boys go to gym to eat because I don't
gathers think that works like I say the
words gonna help hop would think like no
please do you don't know what you're
doing I leave the way Johnny boy after
you are thank you Miss so I'm recording
myself in public eating it's really
awkward even more awkward report
somebody else over when they don't want
to be recorded what you own you like you
record while you eat does Johnny who you
do to care hang about that new now you
don't care guys were just in here
reading I know I was not saying well
we've already once in this vlog but I've
already said this up I'm just repeating
myself I'm just going to show dad in the
color blind
darlin you didn't cover it so how's
birthdays was that me biggest a queue
for phase one
yeah this is my entire birthday month
everybody report I'm just logging
why what is it bull you birthday man
no we're clear
no yeah first they say okay Rodney I
have to say I was so dear by everybody
yes
are we good
now don't go fishing
meet the rain we're with you I want to
know how do you ever see the rain isn't
good up AHA good another man yeah Thank
You Bridget oh yeah any time we're out
of here
okay I'm so full it's you much when it's
personable way all right guys you got to
see Doug right now he's just a notice
like 10 minutes he is stuff you good
Doug yeah I'm fine
we're the only relate to make butter
pickles what are you still talking about
pickles for Doug has an obsession with
pickles today yes he's stuffed pickle no
I'm a stuffed pickle
I'm pickle boy dog isn't pickle boy I
know that one guys we ate food that was
great dad thanks for hanging out with me
the day after my birthday for pickle
bump what is your favorite pickle I want
to know do you really want people to let
them know their favorite peg yes
everybody's gonna say dill
I love the ovals they taste like all the
others
but the ovals are special they're
perfect for burgers with Vlasic plastic
plastic plastic plastic oval all right
guys let us know your favorite pickles
for some reason in the comment section
Doug it's curious what kind of pickle
have you enjoyed and he's gonna be
reading those comments just two methyls
what is your favorite dill I already
know exists favor pickle Oh guys you're
my favorite pickle you didn't say that
though but you're not actually edible
food you're my favorite guys in a few
minutes we're gonna be calling Mindy one
more time before we get out of here I
want to get her on the phone I want to
thank or she can't be gone all day right
I know
let's her roster to see an amenity one
more time I'm calling you one more and
if you don't answer I'll call you again
tomorrow no we're just going to call it
like 20 times
Lindros cover
the answer Lindo severed Mindy and Phil
Mindy what is she like knows it's us but
within sending that package and now she
actually hates us it's like now oh fuck
I'm blocking these people they won't
stop calling
Mindy I'm sorry we couldn't reach you
today we will try you tomorrow though
I'm gonna try a bunch more times
tomorrow we will film us talking to
Mindy yes let's go do it at Ultra yes we
dug well he is done wow you are really
stuffed okay oh you think um happened to
him Carl ends up Doug
babe let's do the outro hello you feel
me now yeah
have you shown he shown this now guys
this is another person that I didn't
show Bridgette happy Harry Potter
paintings made these are really awesome
you guys I love it Danielle yeah al ciao
guys yeah we're doing the inviting see
out you guys that's gonna be it for
today thanks for watching oh let me get
it focus on me that's gonna be it for
today guys thanks for watching had a
pretty good day it's a really good diet
we got that package for Mindy we tried
calling her but shit an answer but next
time I know went out to lunch with dad I
was a lot of fun showed the hulls Chop
House footage that's a full vlog
conspiracy O'Brien's I was going to put
it in the blog what I'm cutting it out
you are putting that in the BA guys I'm
gonna get out of here thanks for
watching I had a Ryan today that's gonna
be it like subscribe favorite on
everything do i and that's it I love you
guys so much
happy birthday number two I'm gonna give
this 30 more times birthday to Tess now
I realized that this law was supposed to
be over the outro music was going and we
ended the vlog guys we went back to
Grandpa's house
he gave me a call he said to come on
over there was something wrong with this
thing he freaked out you guys yeah that
was insane you thought earlier the vlog
that it think wasn't working he wanted
help we went over with dog guy just a
club ok now stop it up anyway and stuck
in there oh my god Michael here - need a
tetanus shot oh my god what is that oh
he went completely crazy you guys smack
the like button if you made it this far
and if you want to see that video if you
want to see it smack the like button
will upload it tomorrow grandpa went I
don't know what to call it I know that
was like insane I won't say much but it
was a huge man even if I it was just
ridiculous
out of the way this is really crazy
