hey guys yeah you must birthday the way
why you know do you got a surprise for
you what it has a surprise for you
no not right now we're good cool Bridget
told a chimera this is just dumb he's
not here what we gotta go over there I
don't leave ya to go to his house yeah
no come on he made you dinner if you
don't go you'll crush them
how about surprising them we can ruin
the surprise
um it's your favorite and you don't know
what that favorite is what did he make
and I'm telling you okay I only have
that I have two favorite meals then I
guess I'm not very good surprises huh
I'm I guess the meal no you're not okay
you made my favorite meal you made pot
roast nope
pot roast potatoes and carrots no yes he
did very didn't he were on my life that
he did he made corned beef hash well he
made the pot roast with potatoes and
stuff no just corned beef hash
I don't like corned beef hash and shred
potatoes what I don't like that sauteed
with garlic you're lying
no I'm serious I'll say here I know
you're lying okay Chris you're not
feeling oh hey cool Bieber say he's not
making corned beef hash excuse me I
don't eat corned beef hash uh tomato hey
how do you really know - there's no I
don't surprise I know what it is a
shepherd's pie it's pot roast it
separates pottery that either is far
it's separate I know my dad he made my
favorite meal II made pot roast since
when does your dad ever do things for
you
he made his favorite meal it's corned
beef hash and Shepherd he made his
favorite video yes he made his favorite
ball you'll get out but he's expecting a
Zoey are you being serious and we really
have to go over there good get dressed
oh yeah I don't want to move
quit either be calm or later we did all
right I'm join them
what come on he's so cute I need my
Clyde come on that's it
cute is not good for YouTube right now
okay like sweet is good yes God
whoa well look at that cute bold eyes
really is what you do that is so cute
I wanna ask you man hey hi wish you done
crazy Oh birthday home but it's not what
I wanted for my brother okay sorry here
it is cut what don't you get
okay thanks for somebody who really
meant something to you what is it it's
not your baby
hey you want to save that gift for
somebody who really is special to you I
think that's you what's going on you
guys get me on a camera here pretty
honest here right there and today is
Thursday today is Thursday and today
we're going over to Grandpa's house for
a little bit of birthday dinner separate
stuff
hold on it's not my birthday right we
have birthday plans tomorrow I want to
go to Dad's house for dinner tomorrow
well that's how he's making it now could
be a plan it's because you've got twists
tomorrow night that's why I mean you got
twitch and he doesn't want me to come
over to his house for my birthday
is that it you're joking he's figured
you know he's free and now so it's quick
you're lying I'm not because we actually
have plans tomorrow he decided to do
this today because he also has plans
tomorrow is my birthday mean nothing
means a lot to me means nothing to me
I'm seeing a bed tomorrow all day
howdy here for you on your shot alright
guys today is Thursday my birthday is
tomorrow and we're celebrating a little
early birthday dinner at grandpa's
because he's got no time for me for me
tomorrow what are you doing I'm not done
to be in Chico ok so Michael actually
you really got to surprise tomorrow what
you say that were tomorrow then guys
we're heading over grab ourselves I want
to take a minute to I guess address the
fact that I'm being such a sad-sack
and I don't want to ruin the vlog
because I'm sad that it's my birthday
that's not the goal right it's just
nobody likes getting nobody look if you
know anybody that likes getting older
they won't like it in a few years
your sister adores her birthday Jimdo
you loved her birthday really really she
loves it
so we're celebrating in July absolutely
I mean now that she's coming down
because no now she's not gonna not
coming down the July guys look I don't
know what else to say okay I'm not
trying to ruin the vlog by being
depressed just I don't like getting
older nobody does
we're heading over to grandpa's house
right now I know he did make shepherd's
pie no he did make shepherd's pie with
hamburger meat no he did it were aside
he's making cottage cheese fondue what
is that something new he's trying why
don't try recipes on my birthday give me
what I like right easily I'm calling it
now he made out of the pot roast or he
took leftover pot roast and cut it up in
potatoes and onions those are my two
favorite meals
Sam you're getting the real surprise
tomorrow what up everybody
nobody say anything one more thing
nobody invited you lose your birthday oh
okay what is this this great it is like
personally made shepherd's pie
after all I told you made the potato
stuff you lies lies surprised
well dad hello as birthday Michael are
you doing most don't say I never gave
you nothing
yeah Oh give me a lap you guys damp can
why I need a hole in the hair we can
make with it
we can give that to no my god this is
what I get for coming over and being I
was a nice guest it was and you want to
give me the right twist I would have
eaten then guys should we have a grandpa
review left and right twist he was there
saying it's like a different thing left
twigs and there were seriously a
different thing down no there's no
difference okay hold on using a pencil
Mikey it's cookie : what is water has
more cookie than the other I think you
need to go to the factory and actually
find out I'm not traveling all equipped
for this yeah now you're like hey can
you leave actually
alright alright
generous yes have a dinner bell oh my
god guys this type of dinner I'll show
you after I get to play the second what
is this great grow very or what what's
it for I needed me modeler this is okay
but just getting happen squash
strawberry what is done talking about
squirrels he's trying to make me a
squirrel me cuz they're in the Kobe they
work neighbors cats listen to somebody
dies you can't fool me okay I know dad
wouldn't do this to me definitely not on
your birthday it's my birthday he made
my meal oh it is we just think they'll
say well how long it's it's pot roast or
something
you'll be able to tell let me try it
first all trapper its Patras I'm telling
you out no we won't
yeah of course it is good crepe spell
nice try dad
yeah any alley is that one who couldn't
find the cat with a duck house are they
no one cats fun it is it or was it fine
until dad made this is not stringing
that to be black cat how would you know
the answer to that these line I'm done
this he blinds me down the best chicken
wings red where chef checkers are good
waiting for mark no black Caesar oily
crispy yes you I last night when do they
start getting wait I don't know do they
have everything
maybe I got the garlic parmesan so
that's how my favorite flavors we got
Ariake yep the checkers come on one
where we don't know the laughter let me
got any flavors everybody's everybody
why blogging a second third
while I was gonna sneak from the window
and watch make sure dad's feeling all
right yeah we don't look fine keep an
eye on him done I did you erase it he
did hug you dad hug goodbye
yes I thought I did you did Michael I
saw you guys
grandpa I don't want to leave message to
my grandpa was a little out of it
because he would have your cut the
freakin grass in the heat and we had to
go get him Gatorade because he's
overheated right now I'm mad
I worked it I don't remember even fewer
oh I love you let me do has birthday on
plan
anybody sees him cutting grass again
going beat him to it get off one more no
more cutting grass he please I love
those two so I go off park love you bye
so he was cutting grass earlier and I
guess he overheated and now he's sick
and I'm mad at him for not asking for
help now what do we do uh well my dad
can make sure he doesn't do it well yeah
I'm talking more we going now
oh I'm going to store and you're sitting
in the car joking no I have to get stuff
for tomorrow this is the worst day
before my birthday every early morning
well that's almost going to be afraid of
you guys right now Bridget is in the
wrapping some of my birthday presents we
had to go to the store and I had to sit
in the car so she could go in there and
get stuff to cook for my birthday it is
you know I don't want her to get me
anything for my birthday but she wanted
to so bridge that I love you for it
thank you you know I wanted to do a
throwback story Thursday the day before
my birthday so I thought a good story
could be
one of my favorite birthday memories I
don't think I've told her before I might
have I'm not really sure but either way
I wanted to tell it is a good happy
birthday memory involving grandpa you
know we had I don't think you guys
realize how little we had going on we
had nothing
it's hard to say how little we had we
grew up being evicted house to house
just I don't know we just grew up
feeling like outcasts and trash and all
we had was each other that's why I hold
close family so close that's why when
Dad breaks my stuff I don't cut him out
of my life that's why when we fight I
always try to make it back up because
family is all you have guys you need to
remember that family is all you have
family is the most important thing you
got it's family family's number one you
know I love my family and one of my
happy memories I don't remember how what
I turned but I remember we didn't have a
lot of money and all I wanted was to go
see the Power Rangers movie
and we didn't have the money to go and I
was a bad kid I made dad feel bad about
it and I remember it's hard to talk
about what I'll get in sad I made him I
was bad you guys
but I made him feel bad because you
couldn't afford to take me
and he found the money and he took me
and
I don't appreciate that birthday as a
kid I appreciate it as an adult he I do
I'm doing this I'm just sad shut I can
use this let's just be sad right now
damn come on I appreciate that
appreciate it as an adult because he
didn't get cigarettes for himself he
went without so he could take me to that
movie and I just wish I could go back
and slap you know six-year-old Michael
being like a chill road some freaking
movie but I was no spoiled little brat
but I think back on it makes me realize
everything he did for me as a kid which
is why I try to do so much for him as an
adult because he's always mommy that's
fine maybe I'm sad because I didn't like
seeing him overheated tonight I hate
that he was cutting grass and he started
throwing up because he was so hot and it
really pisses me off
just he doesn't ask for help so anyway
I've ruined the throwback story I
apologize you guys I shouldn't show my
emotions like this but Dad I love you I
don't want anything to happen to you so
stop being so ignorant ask for help but
that's one of my favorite birthday
memories I went without or he went
without so why things will see a stupid
little movie on my birthday I think it
was I think it wasn't like a dollar
theatre or something but he made sure I
got to go and he went without so I could
have which is why you know I bought him
the house on a bottom the car people you
know anyway people get on me for having
this house and putting him in that house
and you guys don't understand I'm not
going to get into all that kind of stuff
that I love you
thank you for everything you've done for
me I'm glad that I'm able to give back
some of that to you as an adult I'm
proud of me I hate that I'm getting old
let's go do this outro so I ruined this
you guys I'm sorry
the I don't like showing those kind of
emotions but these blows are all real
life you see all about us but it was a
quick story he went without so I could
have and I didn't appreciate that memory
until I got older so dad thank you for
everything you did for me I love you
he's done more than you guys know he's
jumped in dumpsters forced so he could
eat he's held three jobs
dad you're MVP I love you that's all I
could say thank you guys let's do this
outro sorry for being go buy me whatever
that's going to be it for today you guys
thanks for watching sorry for crying
during the throwback story apologize it
was embarrassing it was really sad
Michael okay don't make me cry in during
the outro know I mean everyone has those
moments right they do something I really
wish it every third of it I got a lot of
them yeah I happened a whole bunch of
times you guys Christmases I was a
spoiled kid and I'm sorry to dad for
that you know I know as a handful but we
spent enough time together growing up
and we're friends and we did the flea
markets enough to grow a bond so are you
crying
stop your room forgot run out stop it
I'm covering the lens folks that's going
to be it for today you guys dad drinks
your Gatorade okay I don't like the fact
that he's cutting grass by himself and
overheating himself it's just grass
I'll pay somebody to cut it for you
relax it's like now charlie would
happily do it all you're going to do is
ask dad has a problem asking anybody for
anything because if they delay he gets
angry like okay
regret and if I don't do it the next
five minutes he's furious that just calm
down
things will get done you don't have to
almost pass out in the backyard because
you want to cut the grass and it makes
me mad I love you but it makes me mad so
what I'm gonna get out of here thanks
for watching you guys like subscribe
favorite I want everything for to us you
still sad why is it your own stuff or
mind guys that's good okay so bad that
you're so sad
Bridget I'm just sad because my birthday
every year I can't handle more sad
don't get me sad are a total needs
sadder that's right two bridges like all
he says let make a way workers so I need
someone to make me happy
I mean jokes and laughing right now
thanks for watching like subscribe
favorite culinary say because and that's
it hey guys the Kip and it's a really
funny video I'm sorry
yes I get more me dancing to Kendrick
Lamar okay
