what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here but do I see Yeah right
there today is Wednesday today is
Wednesday and today we're doing a little
bit of cooking for you guys yeah day
I'm chef pickle boy and I'm chef not
Bridget yeah you're not doing uni the
cooking I'm not chef brigeth guys today
we're going to be making big mac guys
I've always wanted to make Big Macs at
home and look Big Macs one of my
favorite sandwich okay yeah I remember
my first big match I was in heaven
that's all right inside the game wait
you went to heaven I got a Big Mac do
bridge win anyway guys Big Macs for my
favorite burger one of them anyway okay
but I usually don't know what the meat
is not that I not that it's not fresh
meat McDonald's I love you I'm The
Hunger champ hello I'm just saying I
don't always know this time I'm going to
know because I'm making it guys we're
making bit max what traded for my new
career as a line cook at McDonald's oh
my gosh I want to do it with you I've
done one cooking at Wendy's I didn't
like I didn't hate it really I'll kind
of liked it I was eating like free
nuggets and stuff why I got in trouble
couple times Leigh Michael you can't
keep it in the Nugget oh my god guys
this is Wednesday today we're getting
cooking McDonald's style hope you like
it
what you laughing today nugget compute
yeah but like these nuggets are old
there's a dude they'll tell you throw
them out I'm just gonna eat them okay
and then you get fired just for fun I
almost got fired let's get this
Wednesday started Bridget I get the
feeling all nobody else I make a big guy
very wise I thought the Johnson
one November 28th you mean yes you have
a switch on the end like they're trying
to take not Julian that's a unison
holy crap that's a giant one no Bridget
they just have real tiny hands anyway
maybe they do I'm looking at people
making look at this one but the buzz
fees right there
oh really not a big man you got like
four pounds of ground beef on the thing
it looks like a hockey puck guys they
gotta be thin
watch my not look anything or taste
anything like and I'm just like well I'm
covering the back I'm feeling nothing
blows victims is it possible to make a
Big Mac at home I give you the first
youtuber to successfully make a Big Mac
at home see out of personal business it
looks like a big night but that's how to
basic whoever hit was humping eggs oh
yeah yeah probably I forgot about him
he's hilarious
guys we're making Big Macs ourselves
we're gonna do it let's go get the
ingredient applied colored lens bun hey
you like one you think yeah guys Michael
is listening to Kendrick Lamar humble on
his head and you know we would play it
by just kind of copyright infringement
anyway it's his new favorite song
someone should totally make this a gif
on Twitter yeah army more bold oh my god
I want a Big Mac man just put it on my
taste buds okay you know that's that
part it's just too much guys too far
Bridget yeah I loved it oh I know make
up tell me we got to go guys we're go is
it fucking up yes we're going to Walmart
we're getting the stuff for these big
you guys stuff on this taste bag I want
Big Mac Big Mac on my taste bud all
right folks it is time to make a big
come on guys now the first step to any
good Big Mac is the secret sauce which
we've already made and you're probably
like well why are you recording it
what's wrong
you I did here you go first in there you
guys is almost a cup of mayonnaise and
I'm telling you right now I'm actually
on the verge of gagging hey don't break
the focus just go you know the look it
was right over all right go back some
yang all right
oh there really does thank you stop it
guys I got this recipe up what's the
website uh I don't know you said it's
your favorite website but I just go to
LA secret recipes calm okay so we got
almost a full cup of mayonnaise four
tablespoons of French dressing four
teaspoons of relish two tablespoons of
minced white onion am i touching the
camera and I don't think you let me
throw it in there it's hard to do this
all right
mince white onion 2 teaspoons of white
vinegar 1 teaspoon of sugar stop the
Limi a little dusting of salt now we're
just gonna stir this around don't need
it stir it
why okay I'm fine Bridget okay cute why
I'm trying to give a favor honey I'm
getting sick looking at that's the base
it looks like Big Mac sauce though it
really does see all the ones on YouTube
everybody's doing is like you white yeah
you noticed that yeah I have it it's
almost like straight mayonnaise and I
would like rather like do a number of
things before eating that even I'm not
going to try this Ridgid hey we have a
big night we can taste test it ah so
this is the real Big Mac sauce and ours
has a little more color to it but I
wanted it a little sweeter here we go
just like just like it does yeah
try this to make sure well put your
finger on that really good yeah Big Mac
sauce might well do this
what don't do that I have to freeze it
guys
I'm not freezing it into ice cubes it's
going to be in the freezer for 30
minutes it's just gonna be really cold I
only have got a Bridget most people
marinate it in the frigerator overnight
and the flavors bloomed well I'm trying
to speed up that process any way I can
for the birds like right now okay yeah
are you sure this is good I think it's
incredible I think it's better better
better Big Mac sauce
I'm a Big Mac 5 ok now that you've seen
the secret sauce being made and Bridget
messing with me it's time for the
burgers now just like the five guys you
want a high fat content burger patty
because that's going to create this year
at the bottom these are not as stretched
as much these are smaller than the five
guys with m8 oh no stripping no oh no
virgin babe how about hot I would
I said Nancy I didn't pray long enough
Oh what is that guys alright guys take
to put our burnt patty right there
don't get upset going up hey that's how
put the B it's blown burger patty very
little salt look at you guys
okay I'm going to put in my hand if
innerdoors coming out of this thing
that's scary I know he's going to do a
little sprinkling of salt
so we Bridget you want to sprinkle come
high up because it's tributes cool ah
little part a little cooking tip
something you doing alright then a
little bit of pepper
guys these things going to cook really
fast till it's time to start getting our
bun ready I massage all right guys the
first step is our bottom button now our
bottom button going to get a little bit
of that Big Mac sauce oh yeah okay I
don't overdo it like they do often comes
they drown in a Big Mac sauce oh yeah
they just you mean and it gets really
really horrible huh alright can top the
Big Mac sauce Oh a little bit of this
raw onion
then a little bit of the shredded letter
goes on top all that goodness now let's
leave it on from that time to flip first
you're ready yep Wow
do that
almost done folks as you can see I put
the cheese right on top of the lettuce
and these stalks make the burger patty
is good heat it up melt it then we're
going to get down to that middle button
for first work that way it'll be I want
to cut bones up look at these boys cook
I'm proud of you guys ah you gonna turn
into really good food first burger patty
goes writer with that so melt that
cheese really good next up is our middle
bun guys I took a bun cut it right down
the middle toasted it up and top of that
a little more sauce
just a little bit a little bit of that
lettuce middle this layer we get pickles
nice - pickles top it off with another
burger patty points food wow this might
be the best looking checkmark on YouTube
and I've got a Big Mac books now it's
bigger than a normal big bag ok right
here we've got a real big back when I
pull it out there oh all right
wow this thing is massive heat this is
their Big Mac here's our Big Mac your
interest and taste testing bridge at
first meticulous why not
kind of dry taste like a big thing grill
was hired
oh my big eye ok here we go
good there's like a really good big guy
Wow I'll try it it's like so good mmm
oh my god
give me five six it's a good buy 500
good Bridget oh that Big Mac is that was
the corny think not Christian told us
both make one at home you taste better
than all the match
no thanks McDonald tell us no offense
you mean clearly no offense I just don't
know what it's made out nah I'm joking I
love Big Macs okay obviously I'm the
hunger champ okay I love Big Mac it's my
favorite sandwich I'm glad I made a
gourmet one at home really you won't
taste the original Big Macs so uh what's
the verb who wins yeah that's what I
thought that's what I was hoping and
then she said anybody else she's kicked
out fast food this is not that bad to
keep talking about the bird I think your
burger is like a really good Michael
stop even the competition oh he was so
sweet in taste
redo it how would you want to eating it
yeah
huh you can open the door oh okay
guys she met the competition
the competition stop eating you all
you're done he right now I am making
another Big Mac guys I don't think the
last one looked enough like a Big Mac to
me to suffice making it my official
submission to the YouTube history of
what my Big Mac is going to look like so
I'm redoing right now Bridgette is over
the point Jason she doesn't even know
I'm talking right now
yeah luck of the draw she happened to
tone me in for a second guys I'm making
another big man right I've got my bottom
bun already done as you can see that's
actually a little sauteed onion which is
not a Big Mac trick but it's actually in
and out but I want to saute onions on
this one but you can't see those but
here we are that's the bottom but I got
a soft lettuce two pieces of cheese so
it overlaps on the video here is the
second one you guys would just don't
look any more like a big maximum last
one I'm starting to think that is
impossible to make a Big Mac at home is
taste like way better than the Big Mac
but it's hard to like replicates that
look fast is kind of bridges being
filled by Jason in the background guys
Big Mac that's going to be it for today
you guys thanks for watching made
burgers guys they're a lot harder to
make them even I thought maybe they're
impossible I don't know if you know how
to make a big mac or you know someone
else has done it let us know in the
comment section let me know where to
find it I want to see how it really does
I mean I thought it was amazing
well the burger tasted great but man the
second one I made you guys didn't see
Bridget eat it it was a mess
being thrown in the garbage there's
Michael doesn't know mad I was like
trying to eat it you know watching I got
very mad because I look over good no
how would it be my face when you're in
the kitchen some and I was right there
she's basically being vocal what the
hell you do here
no I did not so I was like you know what
I was like Bridget just Kelly I got mad
and I thought I didn't believe that and
do that is how it seemed to me guys I
took a pass okay I was honestly just
trying to eat it that's it anyway guys
it is what it is
some acts are like whether you made it
this far into the vlog let me know in
the comments section the word think Mac
there's gonna be a lot of people like
you guys know the better word take my
hot well that is what it is so Big Mac
color you're so creative guys come
outside right now
pickle another right now french fry
enough work like babe right olan
everything and then the I saw must live
with I love Emily more I love make my
hey guys I figure out here recognizes so
please shows me soon
