you sure you're ready are you sure you
sure you're ready here's their mess
around
are you sure you're able you're capable
to blogeee it's your mind here it is
recording and got okay
why wasn't fighting today is it over
Jason I think so
so even Jason wasting any time guys
wait is that it's recording bleep Bob
it's such a baby hundred weight cut so
silent for a second silence what's going
on you guys
Tippie on a camera here but do I see ya
right there
today is Thursday I don't do that stuff
it was just to be in trouble what's
going on you guys keep you out of camera
here but do I see ya right there and
today is Thursday
it's Tuesday Bridgette we're not doing
those games it oh yeah Tuesday hey yeah
I have stuff yeah while editing to do
what's going on you guys can be out of
camera here
they're not gonna understand why you're
laughing
we'll keep it all everybody from seeing
this this is the unedited intro okay
we're associations gonna be out attitude
so the intro everything that include I
find that that better be what's going on
you guys Tibbie on the camera here but
do I see you right there
and today is Tuesday today is Tuesday
and today
this intro is over because it's unedited
guys will do it nah it's unedited so I'm
going to keep my mistake
usually a Tuesday to do that today is
Tuesday and today you're seeing the word
association that we filled with grandpa
yesterday I made a lot of mistakes and
this was the unedited intro show me your
cape I'm eating it okay guys before we
do were sociation
I want to eat a little bit okay well but
it's don't lunch escape his life is only
natural and Lee's like a real burger
right now
oh yeah giant burger is right here all
right Josh I'm just eating my cake yep
normal cake
notice topless Go Go my favorite part is
the middle I thought this was cake it's
Isaac God how where does that this is
like the cutest cake in the water though
it really is give me some of that we
should get dad one of these yeah Lucas
helmets a real burger yes oh my god you
think he'd fall for it either you would
see we could take the plastic off yeah
and like put it on a plate and yeah just
the world's biggest burger guys world's
biggest burger challenge guys took the
light button
if you leave you got the grandpa yeah
holy crap how is he going to like be as
he falls for it how is he going to pick
it up and try eating it it was really
funny yeah exact like if you want to see
it we're gonna do it we'll see what
Oliver okay yeah oh the heat no regular
ngon burger cake totally no ha ha ha
guys this was yesterday when I was on
the way back from Colombia me and
gremlin put this thing down well on the
way back from Colombia me and Grandpa's
did a little bit of word association and
I asked you guys to click like do you
want to see it and you did you want to
see it here it is angry grandpa plays or
Association it's pretty insulting I
cannot believe what he said about me
Gary your attitude be kidding I know
you're doing ok guys what you said I
thought this receipt
let them hear it ok yeah well no I saw
it was actually for Association
if you're seeing this right now that
means that yesterday's vlog you could
look like you wanted to see it it's time
for a little bit of word association
your favorite thing in the world
guys this is a throwback to the old
videos we have not done this it is here
what whoa almost are happy a question to
that and I ever place the camera guys
I gave Tim the idea to do it to Grandma
if you want to see her video check out
the link below and it made me think why
are we going to a dad recently there's a
lot of new stuff to talk about so learnt
association play grandpa english set
camera here baby
neviah sounds like when he built you at
all huh yeah I make its natural the
whole thing which is holding
I guess I'm older folks today like the
old days the old days we had a big old
bulky camera okay so the idea you
remember dad is you see the person that
comes to your mom when I say a word
don't look at the camera pay attention a
little blood on budget all right road
trips columbia enjoyment no i'm good one
my mom if trip right boring you hate
leslie now yep
you usually not hate wrestling them i
grew up so i haven't you have two guys
rushing dolls yeah yeah my birthday's
coming up with a snow golem Lauren what
Lauren Lauren
Tiger bags you gonna watch this you
gonna seize up Mikey hi Lauren
he loves you okay Chinese food
knock easy it was just gone wrong hell
no ever again never again and ever more
as a sad chapter in our lives closing it
definitely would do when the ship wasn't
with them when the fortune cookie said
don't clear another one what did that
Portuguese a I don't know get relegated
rosanna rosanna that's how all it needs
to be said
I saw you ass right on Twitter and then
you losers well everybody could see it
did you think you were sitting at DM
yeah everybody gets me
I thought it was M I want to go up there
now love it guys rosette between a
rosette to help take her at all
that was a deer on the drivers you see
that there are things exploded yep whoa
okay let's move on Doug
butthole
know-it-all very much
sorry Doug what is true 100 ways to love
a cab see you do but he wasn't begging
me to do that you again but there are
100 I'll do that okay gee this one is a
good way to do it or road trip do it a
couple over get out we are building they
will it's rigid annoying annoying love
of my life
Michael annoyed hey I'm on one this list
don't answer yet I'll look it to be
walking dead mess young TV see that's
weird that you say that because there
was a phase where you hated you but now
I like it you like it now you hated it
before I change my mountaintop to how
does the last neither my time to mr.
lestrade the it's phoned up I've gotta
end of it is a lot of you like 18 or
something apparently a Eugene turned
against them really yeah
oh wow spoil over Bible honey Wow he's a
jerk Wow
better call Saul I never want you need
to I don't like you always saw our show
have you ever seen enough how can that
be this you never see that
and I miss nothing that's my me asking
you will you think about you know
coconut lollipops
you've never had that but you hate how
the odds of that I like coconut uni like
a wheel that's what the nine merit of
review I love coconut
me too
okay Breaking Bad Breaking Bad as I he
hated like pencils that'll get it out
riddle no I now get your shoes like that
last question Michael
very annoyed a bottle will leave me
alone you need go away you don't believe
that man I really want you say it but go
away I tell you if I go away ok well it
does say nothing what the hell the
journey Zubair God seriously let me take
them on the back oh god guys it smells
like the gravy that goes to the Bundys
chicken smelling food period well guys
that was word association you clicked
like you wanted to see it thanks for
watching we're going back to now that
it's a weird reason to exit this because
by the time you've seen this is tomorrow
anyway my future you what that's it
drive + y drive ain't no attention to me
I want to live to see tomorrow I wish I
didn't pay attention to you you know
just ignore me that's hard to do what
has opposed to going style world let's
go back to the morrow uncovers list
don't worry he's very excited for your
birthday
well anytime for your birthday hey what
are you doing get out of here get out of
here
guys the last couple days Michael had no
I'm not Michael has taken lessons for me
ah another voice - ok stop
what is wrong oh L here are nice I'm an
old man officially now you guys don't
well I'm not recording this my car I'll
just sit in your right hand - from
camera my god did you to see let me come
what how oh my god Bridget what you're
not all ok Bridget you look great - many
examples of people saying I look old
ok nobody is
guys that let me talk to your father you
saw me okay it was our excuse me I could
have been anyone
Bob here at the gas station the person
looks good oh yeah you're old enough
like come on but they see that to me to
Bridget why are you still going to put
wrinkle cream or what's even funny about
that
because you're always so against it you
stop does it work as a joke and you know
what
keep it don't get in your eyes and
Wilfred is it that countess is just yeah
just yes Oh No what is this out fill its
moisture it's freaking smashing oh I'm
sorry I can't babe here get in the
shower it didn't burn your face it does
though
no it doesn't right here burning then
your tact was that mean it means
moisturizer aha okay this is birth stop
oh my god
What's it saying
just get off curly yeah we're justice
kills us get off oh it does now is on
the other day and it cracked a little
light I stepped off okay yeah well yeah
no why are you doing this to me just
stop filming me your kids no I'm not
even great I guarantee you my birth and
my body is gonna go yup here we go boom
now it's over
oh it's all downhill from here now what
is it only is if you love it guys
we planned this I wanted to show myself
way myself and familia scream it was a
skin you're not a good liar
yeah they believe that now they doesn't
you're to not using this part I'm
editing the log I like it
guys that was our sketch to hope you
enjoyed it
please Michael you look great what is
the big deal I don't care how I look
right now I care then sing me put bricks
today your face was like flowers who
cares
give it here guys that was our sketch I
hope you enjoyed it
ah it was yeah you just saw it wasn't
yes it was yes it was okay it was we're
back to the actual right hand you guys
and I just found this
it is a beetle it's dead rest in peace
little beetle I'm sorry that you're gone
okay this is weird I genuinely feel bad
for dead bugs I don't know what that is
is there a word for that anyway rest in
peace little bug I'm gonna scared burns
it with it she's move mess with me all
day I'm tired of it let's go bugger
that's gonna be it for today guys thanks
for watching I had a pretty good day
aside from you messing with me all day
Michael you're not old you look great
bro you've been messing with me all day
and for that what for to gobble where to
go where to go dude you got rid of it
wow that's what you get for messing with
me all day
you're are old over there before chill
look it's just us now okay we'll put our
little quick word association okay
Michael I love you so much Michael your
turn princess I don't know that I'm not
gonna put another bug on you that's what
you had to say I love you I take it back
say it again you're asking something
Michael
I mean frigid this is off the rails you
got asked me my office ready yes Michael
Oh
go ahead ex-girlfriend like wait this
over I'm done getting too long and off
the rails and I hated you too broken cry
okay this isn't the bridges show we take
turns
like/subscribe okay but I'm getting
really madam to sling the camera you do
it right this time we're done the camera
then my god
okay you ready follow me Clyde adorable
you said grandpa mean okay this thing is
disaster should have ended up side with
it like Michael has a stick of fun
subscribe favorite follow me on
everything
big toys and by the way there's over
