hey hey your dad's here oh you overslept
really bad well your dad's here
dad's here yeah what you guys go to
Columbia whoa
Columbia you women don't yeah it's too
far it is don't feel very sure bill is
freaking out understand it's worth walk
yes get up PowerPoint boy I don't even
know here yes hey don't rip the one not
wear a shark okay
or you raise your glass I just put her
on you can't touch it at all sorry okay
get up go boy I can take a shower
are you better hurry you know how antsy
he is Tomczyk shower just usin Cologne
it doesn't matter this is great why all
those are called me a stinkin I said he
was getting here at 2:00 he can't hear
one you sure wolfed me up again well I
want you to sleep you're retired we were
really busy last night you got me um no
not then smell me go oh is that me Oh
seriously hey char I got into ten
grandpa what's going on you guys can't
be on a camera here for do us here
right there oh good day Michael you need
to go now
what yeah your dad was beeping me in the
shower
are you serious yes he's too impatient
offered to talk like hey you want to
talk to me and smoke cigarettes and
drink drinks he's like no dad come
inside guy come inside what is today
Monday Monday today is Monday Memorial
Day Memorial Day Wow
guys I want to take a minute to say
thank you to all the men and women of
our law you know of our armed forces
is everything that you do to protect our
country seriously it's majorly
appreciated
dad can wait while I save it absolutely
anyway today I'm opening here blow the
horn actually it's so funny we were
waiting for it anyway guys today is
Memorial Day today we're going to
Columbia to drop my nephew off because
today he's going back to school should I
wrap this up so I can go see how Goliath
is doing more in the out shall okay guys
let's get this Monday started so long
trip excited will now look for spied hi
this is all wrong everything is going
off the rails here I know
and punch Gillian Brazil hug it's foggy
I missed a hug huh oh they don't want to
go with me who is that they want to go
with you who the boys learn how to fish
it isn't me oh I know you want to tell
me I think they want to go fish it'll be
great
ah yeah Doug cases I know what well we
are talking about the boy whose favorite
meal of ten with shark steak hey I'm
sorry I do not all coming from sharks
take what you learn oh my god
so good shark yeah if it's fresh you
cure it and milk I'm healing back ready
me Oh cut off the red meat deep-fry it
any way I feel okay I'll tell Doug I
want you to go fishing too then we're
going with me who know the boys you can
still go while we're go he's a daddy
well present wish me luck
we go good luck please wear your seat
belt out of the Columbia I love you
this could be quite the trap give me a
hug
love you I love you careful she's gonna
be playing Jason all day yeah hopefully
ghost like click and please be careful
how could it not be careful he's driving
so sorry guys Bridget's going to be home
playing Jason all day and unfortunately
for me I'm riding in the car with a
different type of monster angry grandpa
I don't know it's just worse yeah I'm
right in the back yeah rhyme live in
Atlanta right now we are on our way to
Columbia grandpa and JC Jason going back
to school today but he's getting out
next week right now we got to take them
back this is the road trip folks
slightly just traffic and now you guys
probably expect this up the way more
exciting than road trip they not here
this is just an angering log road trip
that we're just taking a clump and under
the math why this is date so compound
well they were really slow back there -
yeah
by their mamas want to come
then ain't that many people on the road
pretty pretty empty over here if you say
nobody on the road
you're a while if you came to camp up
there children sometimes in 20 of them
go again traffic making know you're
blonde Roux the pop
you clear
I need a flower man who's Amida Packer
don't get into space with your breakfast
around ya guys
oh my fingers crap hold on that is not
the result of having a fat finger as a
result of this speech guys we're headed
to Columbia right now nothing excited
just chillin in the car and watching
ground lady crackers and yelling at
other drivers this hill we've been in
Columbia for about an hour and a half
when we first got here grandpa went
through the farmers market I bought some
cantaloupe and ever since then we've
been searching for a place to eat the
last time we were here we went to a
Chinese place and it was horrible you
guys we all agreed that it was the most
disgusting Chinese food would ever
tasted and we all agreed we shook hands
so we would never go back again so we're
on the way back right now well we knew
what to expect there Michael
it sounded better hope you hope oh dear
today the other is so good I got sick
about zest oh I forgot about all Vesta
with the ice cream on the roof what
happened open again that's the way
nobody know I've had it broke Columbia
sucks guys we've been searching for so
long for one edible place and we just
don't exist to recording the most
inedible place guys wish us luck I hope
this is good Jay I'm sorry this has to
be your last meal until you get back out
feel good feel I give you home soon that
good good cookies you know dad the place
up here china hut three right there they
have a good rating but they're a sit
down place I wanna go somewhere where
there's a buffet
well I'm not read that much but he's
like you wear one
and they might be great this song I do
you one thing if it's better time I
never come back in again
no you never know that's it just a
bottle shot again I will grace the doors
every music that'll never talk in their
doorway again of just music Union please
be good guys I've told you many vlogs
every time we come here this was the
place that we would always go to the
family and back in the day man they were
always so awesome they were so good at
all home yeah I don't know what happened
it was awesome too awful yeah it was a
weird transition hopefully this time
it's great when I'm in a nice house
where the gun oh they're coming out
getting never know there's the whole
enchilada right here that are you doing
is going oh man please be good I'm
covering this lunch please begin
are you guys here we are dragon city
no what is the moment of truth that
fuckin Sonia are you worried dad yep
you're very worried I can tell Emily
first guys food I just don't know what
happened to the fire making room you
need them young bitch okay we go folks
already keep hammering over that it is
what it is
I can see real the station I'm good
real hate you or even naughty amen my
fortune says be sure to stare at me talk
I've come here with my last time good
luck in the teacher
no more consumer has risen says
Nevermore working your idea
yeah you will cover this yeah it's
better follow these but we can still
hungry think of the trouble guys we're
leaving I was no lawful never Lord that
was funny
that was the last tried we've come here
three times three times of trouble
this is worth laughs you got applies hi
how you get warm up that hard wait wait
to go on to how you get a cut how you
get a damn word out of that heart and
cantaloupe art of them rocks I don't
know dad was in there eating a
watermelon II had to spit it out - the
good - it was like rock solid organ is
supposed to be soft and add to you the
whole jar damn soy sauce to kill the
taste to the food I was eating right Oh
God so never again never more that's it
that's it cloud Kappa oh just the final
chapter and the saga of this Chinese
fire dragon city buffet
all right dragon city and you probably
can't say that on camera
I'll get visually
come on
car
okay
good come you didn't kick it off it
might be bad lighting they need to give
ed a tendon Padrino tell this right here
Allan Karlsson we're bringing back down
there
well today was nice having you back for
a couple days but alas you got it for
the summer coming soon dad yeah oh shit
tom kerrigan hug love you boy you'd be
good here okay you'd be hard a Milwaukee
the rest of the way
I'll be back I'll wait here there's a
big incline that's gonna roll down I
ain't having that
no so that's a bit much of me
JC pop we'll see you next week next door
dad you won't go to the Louvre up I'm
out of breath
we've been walking all around this
campus had a turn in meditation books
now he's in his room we're headed back
home road trip back with Grandpa he's in
the car I don't want dad walking that
all by him you know with his knee
problems anyone walking in we're headed
home right now that's why I got to keep
going you know the way back the lot
quicker the way there I know it somebody
should say just weird maybe she was
talking and joking and laughing those on
him well I'm talking and laughing it's
just me you're some job guys just now I
filmed a word association with anger
grab on you don't if you're familiar
with the older with use word association
is when I asked around Paul a word and
he says the first thing that pops to
assign we haven't done it in a long time
so I didn't know if you guys wanted to
see it so tell anybody what to do fuck
God let's crack the white button
Magda will keep click whatever guys
click the thumbs up if you want to see
the word association video it was very
entertaining
I enjoyed it you want to see you smack
the like it's not going to have any cuts
it's going to be one six minute scene I
hope you guys enjoyed if you want to see
it
word is that we haven't done that a long
time thank God your haters doing this it
was hard to do those actually like the
reason we gotta stop doing is get it's
hard to come up with words to say it's
like sometimes I was just asked her
before I have to Jersey Shore like four
times what I asked you what you thought
about Jersey Shore like four times but
nothing he's been doing this whole time
you don't want to talk to this over
bothering them trying to drive home I'm
trying to be in an hour how long he's a
bit $90 Wow how close are we about Raul
are you serious guys we're gonna fly we
were driving the legal speed limit so I
suggest after another speeding
no she has it to John 85 though he had
the Wow he's like ah no it has not well
I'm going through Sony's 85 the whole
way
implicating just so for a speeding
ticket right anyone if that's a joke
does yeah catch me he's joking it or not
seven even going 40 you're alive I've
been doing 80-85 good go 60 now so
because I got on his stupid farmers
market drunk
yeah what is this thing even though you
know please dad I'm not gonna oh my god
okay
this could be like the nd screen of our
life or the Joey lunges all the way okay
oh my that's I headed at it folks
he's never slow down no this is going to
end up on a death website so we please
government listens over we are the next
exit Hogan and then amazing in addition
about Sothis guys here's the amazing we
left Columbia at 5 X 6 it is fixed 57
you did a 2-hour trip it's 100 500 5
hours that we're going to limit you to a
nonverbal sampler he's not geez don't do
this to our vehicle to traffic until he
was gonna make up the time he wasn't
speeding focused joke little psychopath
yeah grandpa's like with that text each
other their old house there was yep I
think anyway we're on our way back to
you guys home it's where the hard end
well I'm home thus marking the end of a
several hour journey with Grandpa and
we've got good does Lauren guys yes
she's magically appeared there guys
lucky charms she's like Jason she can
just morph anywhere we picked her up cuz
her and dad are going to get some pizza
right now thanks for having me dad it
was good I enjoyed it I love you I love
you too
thanks doing the word association Yeah
right when we do the word association or
those videos we did another one first
one of the years yeah well thanks having
puns and then try to shake my am you
look I love you pop I'll see you
tomorrow yeah see you tomorrow bye you
guys
hye-young grandpa says goodbye sorry
this vlog is up so late we got home
close to 7:00
though we made some good time let me
tell you what really good timing I'm
home
getting back seeing Bridgette there he
goes
my felt to smell I'd like to take it off
are you guys I'm home
finishing up the vlog with Bridget I'm
tired I'm going to bed early tonight
folks
sorry little vlog is too late if you're
seeing it tomorrow hey thanks for
watching the be new vlog later anyway
going in well I am back with Bridget Hey
and Bridget did me a huge favor I did
she clean the house a little present
it's like the first time you're gonna be
credit I met when I was gone I cleaned
guys while I was in Colombia I was
simultaneously in Somerville and I
cleaned our house how's that sound
no one's going to believe you of course
it's an obvious lie hey guys the house
looks great but something tells me and
what I mean something I mean her tells
me she told me she cleaned this whole
thing whilst playing Jason yeah guys
she was playing Jason awfully might I
add for a half 6 hours and one point she
was Jason and she tweeted that she
killed 0 a debate I'm the worst
Jason in the world worried how was it
possible to kill zero I don't know I
couldn't do it everyone kept running too
fast and you're Jason runs too and if
they start running more in front of them
I tried it won't stop more things you
hear like our Q or something and then
every single time there is like people
in houses or cabins or whatever I would
break down the door and they would just
leave that's how it works
okay guys scares me we're gonna do the
outro I got to try to play Jason guy
alright we're doing the outro whoa oh
but I glued on the alto machine way over
there and hang glide on preference did
you really I did
tamela's know I only get to play when
it's Jason up because you suck at it
you're not changing that
anything do not change spawn preference
the first is dies domain is discovered
don't change it you ready to do the
outro what we have to do in the extra
fan so are you rushing to video so
Dylan's a blog up at midnight or 8 it's
not going to be 8 at 7.50 you think I
can edit this thing a read wrong okay um
alright midnight or 8:45 okay only 5
works for me
therefore she forced me in the engine
right now she's forcing me in the outro
okay my don't have any time to talk yeah
it's right after this out hey I'm sorry
bro dude me to front yeah well okay I'll
go see you can have bad Chinese think
Department have any I didn't have any
food because I'm clueless about you this
will you get a job or seriously like I
cleaned for my man well I appreciate it
now I'm really hungry we got to do this
out sure okay guys we're going to be
also right now guys that's gonna be
after today you guys think focus on me
okay that's going to be a per day to
guys thanks for watching I hope you guys
had a good Memorial Day oh yeah you know
spend time with your families and those
of you that have somebody in the armed
forces you know thank you to them in my
respect and all that is to all you guys
thank you so much for everything that
you do for all of us you keep our
country safe so thank you guys happy
Memorial Day I had a bad day with that
no wasn't a bad day was a great day
what happened with that okay we had bad
Chinese but you'll see on the vlog they
seem it pretty annoying with you a lot
of the time now Oh guys that's gotta be
it like subscribe favorite alright
everything good you want and remember
smack the like button if you want
word-association tomorrow and I will
upload it I was there word association
what that only trouble was Oh
was a good one guys if you want to see
it smack the like button wow I'm out of
your folks happening for now yes okay
let me come and learn
