do this is so hard
where's it was yes so how much would you
give me if I just start eating it right
now that I I will tell you two something
that way
please know
all right Michael what do you know
stop intro
I hope I get this license plate right
here says geezer her yeah he's calling
something an old geezer that's funny
come on catch up to that car I gotta
fill this thing oh shoot
guys will was right for this license
flower I got it because looks we almost
died it's like a film a license plate
that says geezer what's wrong with me
it's just a license plate Oh some stuff
every time we pull into our driveway
we actually just stop at the front of
our property and we just sort of check
to see if we see anything I know
especially now one time actually drove
way behind shed and all that I know I
did yeah it was that night we were
really scared
so she drove over here all the way
around the house what are you doing what
what are you doing why are we moving
there's nothing here
oh don't make me do it um you need to
prove that you loved me actually
oh I'm sorry Ethan okay I'm going I'm
not even wearing a belt today she don't
care
could you stop mocking me and just go my
pants are falling hold on look at her I
hate this dude look how bad the pollen
is already like seriously what the hell
it's only February Polly usually comes
out in April May
it's freaking everywhere bro what do
this hey how do you spell pollen oh all
right that's wrong right hey Siri how do
you spell pollen thanks don't mention it
what's going on you guys get me on a
camera here
what was your really way into that like
I don't know what it was
don't ever do it again I'm in a good
mood today guys I see ya right there and
today is Wednesday today okay my voice
order went out when I said today today
is Wednesday and if you didn't see the
vlog that we uploaded yesterday we tried
sit you on sauce from McDonald's just
one sauce I don't know what it's called
such one second one session bitch once
it's you one whatever the second morning
the sauce from briquette Marti okay we
tried and in that vlog I decided that I
was gonna make a thumbnail where I'm
holding a giant such ones off yes right
and I really want to see it I just never
did it because he left me is that
laughter
you watch me I left her in the vlog I
was like you know what this is the title
so we can piss off all the haters
unfortunately I never did the thumbnail
and people are asking for it so here's
the thumbnails me holding a giant
Szechuan sauce for Macduff I look
adorable
Dahae adorable you're so cute will you
tie it says one side anyway you guys
today is Wednesday and today we do a
nuttin what's wrong hmm what's wrong you
don't look fine
Oh what are you doing I'm filming please
don't film this you're worrying me I
have a freaking huge headache
really yes it's bit it's a horrible one
did you take ibuprofen I took two of
them this morning
is Jake any water no do you think you
have a brain tumor
the only explanation for frequent
headaches it's not a tumor it's not a
tumor at all well Michael here's proof
if you have a brain tumor or not you
have to like do this can you do that
what is Matt do you have to roll your
tongue and I'll tell you if you have a
brain tumor or not why is that well for
some reason when you could roll your
tongue a fuse in the left side of your
brain and if you can use the left side
of your brain you absolutely don't have
a brain tumor
oh no don't mess me I'm doing it maybe
you're not doing this i feels curled
this is how you was dead no um do you
want it no you're not you're not doing
it this is how you do it what you not
use the left side of your brain bro look
you're not dead what he did laughing
okay we might have to get your number
why don't you read this that there's a
scientific study
maybe you're not doing much I'm sorry
wife my circulation
you know maybe the plaque if I can't do
it I'm getting freaking scared we might
have to take you to a neurologist
show me how come you can do that and I
can't do that what does it really mean
it means that you might have a brain
tumor legate i percent chance doom in a
book your appointment book your
appointment where on your mom's life no
I'm kidding the woman I was born well I
probably still do because I have
frequent headaches right and you know
what that is so crazy you mention that
because a headache is not a common
symptom oh yes it is oh no it's not
where'd you read this crackpot theory
from well you now know about as much as
I do about this whole doctor thing but I
have no formal medical training now
you'll be fine dehydration stress
depression lack of sleep that's what
Michael did you take your vitamins today
because a vitamin deficiency a humor oh
okay we'll look babe I'm going to get
you some water I won't drink it why I'll
drink it just leave me at the hell of I
said leave me alone of getting on the
elliptical I was really really sad last
night and I wanted to tell you guys
about it you know but trying to do
better at keeping my emotions out of all
this I don't want to bum you guys out
all the time but I this was something
that I actually did want to talk about I
finally caught up on the walking dead
last night
I stopped watching it for a while
because that was mine and Dad show you
know dad would watch an episode and he'd
called me Mike you see what just
happened you she would Carole did my
dude I saw it it was crazy hold
shit alright okey death come on I'll
talk to you after and that was sort of
our thing we would talk he loved the
show and then when he got sick I stopped
watching it he did it he didn't stop
watching it even when he was sick he
wanted to watch The Walking Dead and you
know I later found out from Lauren that
he would only watch that show to call me
after and talk about it and I didn't
know that I wouldn't quit watching it
when he got sick but I did and I finally
caught up and spoiler alert by the way
you guys spoiler alert I'm saying in
just a second okay the new episode Rick
duh not Rick Rick doesn't die don't
worry the new episode Karl dies and when
he's dying he's telling his father how
he thinks things could be and later in
the episode you see a flash-forward of
what could be and then that could be you
see negan and he's a good guy
and I got so sad instantly I got so sad
because I was thinking dad would have
called me right then and we would have
talked to my Walking Dead for 30 minutes
man you know Mike you tell me what's
Walking Dead I did oh my fucking god you
see that shit when negan dad it was
crazy
Mikey was unbelievable did you bet even
yet and we were talking he would love it
and I got so sad because I wish he could
see it and I know he can and I know he'd
love it but Dad I'm watching it for you
and before I go to bed I talk to you see
if you saw it with me so I wanted I just
wanted to share that moment with you
guys just how sad I got I caught up on
the walking dead and all I could think
about was how much dad would have loved
to have seen it or a blown of Buller
blown his mind
hey oh my god what are you doing
are you eating nuggets no are those
yesterday's nuggets what are you on the
elliptical eating nuggets and suckle on
sauce what's it look like
yeah give that here no Michael I can't
believe this
why are you telling me nothing I was
just coming to check on you you try to
be five minutes buddy give me what I was
doing you came in here saw it I wanted
to show you on that you're eating meat I
get that going there's all the attendees
Oh Michael what I'm glad this is so
humorous for anyone and it is who the
hell does that we need some extra
protein pigeon second one sauce is gonna
be gone soon okay Oh workout in
give me the Nuggets back I'm burning off
the calories on them no no no no budget
I'll give you a glass of water how about
that with Nuggets no you can't I don't
know what you're filming this I don't
know why you think now get some stucco
on sauce working out that's what I don't
know because I eat now gets guilt-free
Oh Michael you're adorable
thank you here you go okay seriously
this is good you gave them back this is
weird I who does this
you know most people listen to music or
me i watch netflix well I mean I guess
all right
you feel the Bern shut up that's it no
Michael come on dude seriously we're
doomed
we're freaky we're doomed
there he goes who I was in one position
for like ten minutes not moving excuse
my voice you guys
I mean candy from pretty scary guys but
nothing really has happened tonight
except for that with Clyde other mattes
I'm in a relatively quiet night pretty
quiet day no ghosts no voice there's a
creepy night out it's a very creepy
night well nothing like scary other than
ruining my teeth by eating suckers cuz I
can break them all out they're all
rotted
what maritime Mike broke my TV tomorrow
mo that happened to try wood item
marshmallow on my tooth cave anyway guys
um I just want to take a second to thank
you guys for all the love and the
support that you guys have been showing
it watching the vlogs and just sticking
with us in horrible times I appreciate
that tremendously means everything to me
and bridge it but I did want to respond
to a comment that I saw yesterday I feel
like it needed to be addressed
pickup way addresses a hate comment
alright let's do it
you ready yesterday I saw a comment that
said I'm starting to think that this is
all fake because even if you did have
ghosts I thought you had security 24
hours a day do you hear yourself sir do
you hear the words coming out of your
own mouth or your own fingers yes we
have security
we don't have Ghostbusters
unless the security has some sort of
like ghost gun we're still screwed if
there's a ghost at the window okay so
while I appreciate your theory that this
is all fake and trust me I wish that it
was we're being haunted and that's a
joke we're not being haunted okay
I pushed it too far there I'm sorry my
barracks we're not being haunted okay
but my security ain't Ghostbusters they
can only help with real people okay
anyway no that's out of the way let's do
this outro it's freezing I'm going in
but thank you guys so much for all the
support and the love and everything that
you guys have said except for the guy
yesterday about you know ghost Tommy
come on well that's gonna be it for
today you guys thanks for watching I
gotta say something to you what I'm just
I gotta clear the air on something it's
been on my mind all night I haven't said
anything yet
what relax I'm kind of mad at you why
fulfill me on the elliptical I don't
care I feel like that wants you far well
your sense of flower I don't care I
think it went too far I wanna I wanted
to lose weight quietly and you're
filming me on the elliptical I'm trying
to lose weight but you're eating nugget
on the elliptical I'm going to film that
well I needed a little motivation okay
it's like the scene on Family Guy and I
would have inserted a clip and I
couldn't find it where Chris had the
plunger on his head goes off like a
Twinkie and it was like hey like it's a
workout way I'm eating nuggets I'm not
hurting anybody you went too far
I'm not to prank you for this no I'm
gonna have to know I have to chill you
know my pranks aren't that bad and it's
not gonna happen either and I know
you're plenty to prank on me no one
knows yeah you are you're planning
something I don't know what it is why
would I
do that you're sick guys we're getting
out of here let me know in the comments
section sub prank ideas to do to bridge
it cuz she went too far you did it
what you ain't too far how okay guys so
Michaels only allowed to go off like
four minutes subscribe
