what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here it was here right there and
today is Saturday today is Saturday and
folks today is the day
grandpa's going to Burger King and he's
trying to macking Gino's again ah don't
get me any God I'm not you too come on
they were so gross like at time last
time we had the mac and cheetos they
were repulsive dad pulled over sorry
puking up into the video I don't think
that's gonna happen this time
will it be good I don't know okay we
might have got a bad batch though
they're probably just discussing our
words you can't possibly say that I'm
now optimistic about these things
they're just not good Bridget everybody
seems to love them so it's either us or
we got a bad batch
maybe we there's no good food it's
obvious God okay
just kidding anyway I love whoppers I
mean I love all kinds of stuff you are
just I just hate the McEntee nose guys
those things are really grown so dad's
on his way over right now we're trying
to Mack and Cheetos let's get this
Saturday started oh wait I'm coming
Limpy no there's not there's a seat just
to say inside I like everyone kind of
talk what are we gonna do together
showing this clip Michael you will have
to show the clip please come on I'll
post a great message on Facebook know
everything every I mean it shows don't
show the scene I am embarrassed of the
me hello everyone was it seen guys last
night I got stuck in the chair over
there funny over there Cindy what chair
this while we're here my chair okay
bring out cos you wanna see it
this is the scene this would be stuck in
a chair last night that's not helping
oh my gosh so guys I said Michael I am
going to fab and this is my house
Michael come on it cannot be this
incompetent bro I usually can do it hey
hey bro do it Michael try sitting up
this but right michel foucault I'm he
cared enough people Bernard I want to
film all right you did it fine there it
is ah so tell me why you know Michael
can't unlock doors either okay this is
why are you doing this to me right now
can you tie your shoes why did I
couldn't get out that one time I can
unlock doors and I can tie shoes I'm a
big man guy everyone on a luggage oh
come on please Michael what is the block
the blur
what give me a second okay like a days
of me having to get a ruffle on it
that's how you do it no it isn't alright
let the hand up Michael let the handle
up yes okay now turn it what now it's
locked
okay delete it you're better oh there's
never like a clown behind you trying to
harm you oh babe and now I'm lost it I'm
trying what's going on all right you
guys yeah okay Michael so just watch me
you've not putting this into the bog and
okay guys so we have established that
Michael can't unlock doors what are we
doing here you said you want to help
change of you can't drive if you can't
change air filters
I'm trying it why are you filming it how
you get this thing off Michael up these
little hooks up here this is my first
time changing a never felt so I throw on
bridges we gotta take out my out pairs I
realized that like I know you think so
little of me but my girls never change a
light bulb either this was this new new
series teaching me how to do things
maybe always learning on Drive sorry I
don't want you to drive because you
really don't understand yield not scary
how this do you just change your first
air Self Storage it
this is condescending and I'm getting
mad what do you want anything from
burger yes I'll take a walk with her
I'll take a large fry and a slushie I'll
take an apology with a large apology and
a strawberry apology hey I'm just
kidding
who cares if you don't know how to
unlock doors or how you measure trip
lift up the handle you tricked me I'm
gonna kill em lock the front door easily
let's try it oh my god well it was nice
seeing you yes thank you let me use your
pull of course any time you know you
should teach my eyes like open doors oh
he's fine I'm serious though listen Mike
mom he's fine
you know what we even have surprises it
really truly can be played on a drive
we can't go to hospital I mean 900s
always an option so if you know how to
drive you to subscribe you there yeah
hey know what
click like if you want Michael to learn
how to drive no mommy really know that
he doesn't understand yield like I've
tried to explain it to him so many times
he just doesn't get it
we are on our way home right now we just
tried the Macan Cheetos and grandpa's
sick do you like them sick maybe Oh God
there's your guys the videos going up
tomorrow angrily yeah yeah yeah he days
and I'm out
yeah you left me a Burger King well just
maybe going crappy I didn't make you do
anything guys
oh yeah you look at me do not try that
do not do what I do at home cuz yeah
people might like it it was they do they
all sick puppy well then some people
think it's actually really tasty
there's n people ain't got no taste I
don't understand who thought that was a
good idea guys even I think it's
disgusting
how would you try to make one of those
at home you want to try to make it a no
I wouldn't do it again
yes you failed laughs I don't think you
know how Oh challenge and you do it you
didn't turn to a lifetime at welcome you
to girl I'll make you to bury that their
night I do anything better that I think
I just put onto the lawn or bee gees
make you eat it
we better the heart doodles got boils no
guys and you can play smacking Cheetos -
that's going up tomorrow the union put
out I got to every Wow
Cumberland and so bored
hey babe was it big center yeah I was
kind of bored buddy but I'll stop now oh
my god he does that again cause mother
feature spinner okay it really is day oh
I just betters makes life really happy
oh he's so cute kind well that's how
it's gonna lighter how is it oh how was
it oh bridge oh really I was so right
dude Oh where's Kim yeah awful guys like
I said horrible I knew it I knew they
would be where's my woofer what wish I
wore her good didn't I dude I was
supposed to go back through the
drive-through deadly sped after he left
here Burger King yeah he left me a
Burger King you had to run out to a car
yes who's a good girl we were past that
yeah well he blamed me for making him
eat the frickin whatever Mac and Cheetos
hmm we can go back a little bit by that
yeah oh my god that was so cute
what'd I miss you see it I don't
understand Michael I just want to get
some now obviously car yes I'll give it
just do it Robeson yes
come on I'll be fun I don't get it's not
fun to me it is though this is Pete go
back yeah Wow that's as far as it goes
back you'll be fine just get it get in
there what is the point of it
I just want to give us some now and the
truth is
mom told I want to click like for you to
learn how to strive what do ya mom when
she was here she told everyone to click
like for you to learn how to drive
yeah yeah no Michael I'm not learning
how to drive right now you crazy and
he's because of thumb now get in there
which I'm not doing it cut it out of the
blog now don't click like guys click
like everyone Michael what's wrong I
don't know or how to drive it scary
Michael it's fun you have any idea how
fun it is to drive that bang it's a
blast
goodness ml and this is the perfect
learning car yep I'm sitting unit right
Elise yeah oh my god so keep it up oh
hey don't make fun of me oh my god I
know you're so cute
who is Cindy oh you got a thumbnail not
yet act like you're driving
week knowing I'm okay you're trying to
make me embarrassed whoo over sir you're
joking too bad I don't have a license
officer get out the car please
we're here under cameras up on my head
is Michael the kids even end you think
you got rolling or something I think I
have a good idea called that you put an
ignition no nobody scared what really is
that wasn't so bad
never again guys click like they really
want to see that make on I can't even
describe the cuteness of your hands on
my wheel who wanted to teach me dad I
could
I wouldn't trust his lessons he didn't
teach any other test that's something I
would have to think about first it would
have to be supervised - it has to be
like some abandoned area yeah and it's
going to be a bunch of like and then I
will consider it because if I don't do
what people are going to be really
furious all right smack a bunch of like
let me know in the comments if you want
me to learn how to drive it that's
something you guys want to see all right
now watch will you take the key out
I don't know how yeah you do yeah good
no what could fit in there
all right place the key
turn it the other way okay
you did it Michael whatever got us
unknown this you should learn how to
drive that Michael cannot open the gate
now jammed frigid so we've established
that like Oh Michael can't unlock doors
I can't unlock doors I can't draw on it
can't open guess what it's nothing good
I think I can cook though see I'm
starting to learn how to cook guys click
like if you want me to learn how to
drive any Android on computer
well that's what we're going to talk
about it ok if they click like you want
to see I will consider it and we'll talk
about it ok for now
tomorrow the mac and cheezles video
comes out I'm ready to do the outro I'll
be fine now yes well that's gonna be it
for today guys thanks for watching had a
pretty good day aside from learning that
with this said I mean it's not like a
big deal it will be nah it'll be fine
it's not gonna be sighs you take fellas
over appointment tomorrow enough with
all this you guys that's going to be in
beginning speaking of us getting a
thumbnail this is yesterday Bridgette
decided to take a video of beginning but
thumbnail yesterday when I was scared
playing Jason check this out it makes it
gotta be a little more scary it's got to
be a little more scary how do I be more
scared to that I mean this game is
terrifying and I just date is right
behind me
got it like two minutes to go let me
know in the comment section if you guys
like seeing us to get our thumbnails and
we'll start including them in the vlogs
if sometimes you can't give a thumbnail
out of the moment you got to do it
afterwards
anyway that's gonna be it for today you
guys Bridget you kind of kind of screwed
real now and you kind of let your mom
now
mom did it all herself I was trying to
talk her out of it anyway
like this guy's favorite I'm on
everything but to us and check out the
Mack and Cheetos video coming tomorrow
Oh God I don't really kind of walks or
whole I want to walk over to action I
just want to play I haven't got to play
all day okay what do you want me to do
why don't you tweet them do is bring
anybody 20 Friday the 13th the game tell
them is not hey elder it's not working
it worked for a little bit this morning
I got to play it and then Bridget comes
out and I'm like oh yeah look I got to
plays Jason she has to the end of it
then the game started okay I closed it
and that would take you back yeah
Michael closed it and we've been
suffering ever since
so Michael thank our no sorry okay thank
you
what do you want from me okay I wanted
to play the game I want a tweet down
okay
Friday the 13th the game get it working
please I'm having withdrawals I was
going to Balto I just fell all I want
Mike to Mike but if you made it this far
into the blog folks okay this is that
this is that one just keep heading out
i'ma show one more time why did you
close it thank you
by the way thanks this is it watch guys
gonna see our faces
it's over the blog is over and we didn't
get it
