this is crazy
already know what I mean
I know
this is not by Davers it's not it's a
bad day first I knew you were product
first rockstar games announces the
replicating news and now rainforests and
we can't go get burgers fencing rig the
can right there
this is pile of ashes bro it's moving
who it is in first I'm telling you right
now it's moving why is it blurry it's
moving I'm telling you folks
clear up why is it doing this guys can
you see this watch it what is this thing
what is that microphone if you close it
has like a pointer oh my god
folks anybody knows what this thing is
oh there's one where are the others oh
my god huh
were you at with it what why are you so
scared of it okay
Oh a bunch of funny suppose you know
what is funny you tell me right there
redemption was coming in August what
Prasanna what that thing is okay
honestly what do you say folks do you
know what this thing is
oh I am terrified of that thing you go
live your life buddy if you got to live
in a can that's okay guys I was supposed
to be making Five Guys Burgers tonight
and now that's not happening but I
promise you we will be making them in
this vlog that is a promise because this
one is starting tonight and ending
tomorrow so tomorrow flash this vlog
we're making a five guys barge
enterprise yeah but the only thing that
really sucks is we don't have any ice
cream
I like ice cream and the store well it's
the next day
just keep walking Bridget Woonsocket Oh
first of all the fact that you're
uploading a version of that video on
Facebook right now oh I can't help it it
was so funny guys you thrilled I am
what's going on you guys get be on
camera here but do I see a right there
and today I am uploading a Facebook
version of that's not important okay
guys yeah I wanted to I don't know I
want to apologize it is what it is
apologize who cares if people think it's
not like a subject tank
what what's got enough of it
kidding guys I embarrass myself
yesterday you didn't see the blog we
uploaded yesterday I freaked out over
Red Dead Redemption I cried in Cass's
pan I know I didn't know what oh great
Oh No
there's not a whole lot that I got going
you're not putting this online I just
wanted to say nothing we're making five
guys burger tonight and I'm humiliated
give me a Candace actually want to
address on your Bridget really quick I
gotta find out what she meant where her
head was about something so I turn off
the water scaring me drop the water guys
let's take a look at that clip from
yesterday again where I said I don't
have a lot going for me there's not a
whole lot that I got going
yeah did anybody else hear her say I
know I say I know you did what does that
mean it means I grizzly I was like I
don't have a lot going for me I know
what my god it's because I relate you
have a lot going for you but not in the
gaming world like me no that's good yeah
I think you slipped up and now I'm
starting to realize how you really feel
why would I think you have nothing going
for you
I don't know good point I wanted to
address it before everyone else I would
never think you have nothing going for
you Michael I got a lot going for me you
have a lot going for you just not in the
gaming world what does that mean it
means we're in Michael it means the
state is postponed
and we're both suffering from it are you
guys I wanted to clear it up I wanted to
find out blue this you can't tell Brooks
got some Sunday to talk about we got
those Sunday's just not five guys that's
coming in a few minutes we gonna be
cooking folks after I clean so I go for
me absolutely good no more pushing no
one yeah I'm dish me great yes I knew it
you're this many boyfriends just kids
this many we're the weirdest couple to
ever little baby all right you guys I
know it sounds like one the middle of a
hurricane okay but right now grandpa's
on his way we're going to do it a little
bit of cooking but before we do that I
want to show you what happened to the
pickle yeah oh I hate does that happen I
don't know if you can hear me so I'm
gonna talk loud okay he always happens
for the pickle why is it always the
pickles on the back and break do we have
pickles I don't know I hope guys because
I can't I can't go out and head just
like a birthday he spits up the
weather's horrible
we're making burrs dad hurry up and get
here we better got pickles
are you guys it is time for me to make a
little Five Guys Burgers and Fries and I
got a taste tester then beep rude it's
just fresh it's frozen
it'll fresh and come out the freezer
this for I popped into the fridge for 5
minutes it's frozen all just help it
don't disrupt me too
okay it's really good really no gonna go
it's fresh I highly this me hey guys
okay I'm talking to the freezer I got I
wanted to make this because it's all
healthy junk food May 5 - the other day
and I thought that JP's burger comes a
little too thick to be considered for
Jesse I want you to pay attention
first I am a burger patty I flattened it
out that is that usually the frozen bird
went really bourbon oh my god I will
tell you right now this is fresh it's
what's going on
gotta love heads but meat in you're
right okay oh here be a Doug come on
yeah yeah all right Doug he was being
dug there's not a lot just a little for
a few minutes
it's a few done now are you guys first
thing first just a little bit of salt
beautiful is you needed to pulp shaker
Novello I'm doing pepper and that's it
folks just salt and pepper
that's your seasoning boom we'll be back
this is where we are
grandpa is going to take testing a 5.3
you're going to be so in love when you
try them you're going to think it's
about burger ever help you yes sir
oh yeah yeah again we just probably an
hour ago Dave up man you can get him no
how are you smell okay hold
leave it
pepper are you guys
Harrison Ford why is the board on the
board so I don't why do you want to eat
this burger cuz you guys gonna fall in
love
you begin to love them just gonna both
basic ones yesterday loved it yeah why
well I loved yesterday no I did it whoo
burning you me it is not burning okay
dad could you chill everybody you need
do I ever tell you how to cook I cook
them a grandpa yeah I never never I'm
looking for a hot object uh I'm not
telling you to shut up you can be
interactive but don't tell me what's
digital community tricking bad Oh two
minutes to go off camera EE you make
sure little big and I thought it was
gonna shrink you know what it's almost
time to flip them I'm hoping to have a
little bit of char at the bottom if
you're a brunette yep oh my god
yeah you know looks good that is not
what you've really good at bar setting
for real bad things a real dark crispy
stuff coming to go kitchen who's
everybody all right folks
I'm already ready to put my cheese on
there my channel right over there and
it's just gonna melt BJP had put a water
in a pan and steam heated you just put
our Laurel your buddy all right well
that's doing that almost done here
perfectly first mustard knew you only
put condoms on the top now Five Guys
five guys puts their mustard ketchup on
the bottom okay
you wouldn't stain grandpa always says
whose effing manape bad mate always
another thing for jokes what they got a
shot Hubert yeah yeah I think that's a
bridge shot I don't know I mean if
you're saying so all right
here this was too nice thin burger
patties you go right there on that
bottom done alright guys if I may start
dressing this thing up so first a little
bit of crunchy water as name-drop splits
it make a lettuce two slices a thin cut
tomato and some pickles a dad's favorite
burger topic really isn't it Phil know
what I love it
you lawyer I just put them on there -
okay what's up idiot a burger without
pickles was not from a restaurant
what's your favorite burger toppings how
do you move you'll wrap your mouth
around that I was going to wrap it in
the tin foil for five I wanted so folks
here it is the burger it does I thought
guys I got you've just been cut I've got
all the fresh cut toppings you go dad
now but you got to try it I need to film
in with you home now got no key I just
have a thumb that holding the damn power
let me see your camera okay now tell
your buddy is wetting me that's the
dripping from the lettuce and the pickle
oh good yeah my no no you cannot make a
burger better than that at home uh-huh
that's good he don't want to admit it
folks here we go
Oh Mon Ami that big
tastes like my brush just like it catch
hi me oh you're now surprised and the
bag of peanuts Rock one whose clop good
huh
folks that's how you make a 5 burger in
prime oh my god is my fault
get it I thought I know those guys hit
it good yeah I just like that yeah I
know but you try to deny it at first of
course guys that's why you do fire got
Burgers and Fries not JP slay JP learn
the rest I'm just joking but I love
helping junk food I just wanted to try
it after solid did it oh my gosh Michael
it's really got it slow like that so if
you got two burgers and one was sitting
here woman's with five guys could you
tell the difference
no no I kind of what needs to go to five
guys because you make it at home so
everyone what kind of meat you use I use
ground chuck and then we're like 7d with
20 of them hot fat content it helps it
shrink and gives it that char the tours
to the girl you guys are a skillet is
the fat in the meat that looks crazy
char indirect Wow yes Michael you can
make a burger sorry JT guys the reason I
learned how to do this because what Bob
does is a little expensive they are holy
crap and I figured why go to five guys
to spend $25 for two burgers and
surprised when I spent twenty dollars
and go get all the stuff to make it at
home not even all that matters is how
you make it folks and that tastes and
looks just like a five guy so yeah it's
very good
mmm we're all down go he's not having it
he does not care about anybody or
anything
both
surprise check out healthy junk food
channel the way they do it there's no
dock with it I love their Channel
they're awesome it's one of my favorite
YouTube channels I started watching them
below 100,000 subscribers so guys check
them out this is delicious
is a reigning working simply you he's
good
why didn't you let you it's too windy
out here let's go back inside we'll play
dad grandpa don't know one minute you
good
I just need one minute he's gonna taking
a bite of the burger next minute he's
disappeared
maybe he couldn't handle the pressure
cuz your burger is way better than any
pretty baby called hey where did you go
you didn't say goodbye
you didn't he just Magda see make a
better burger is that what it was is
because the better burger than you baby
just like left what was that
don't make us be the nice cook off that
right has Michael also and burgers you
know would rip you apart golf you try my
burger my burger was life-altering right
it was so guys it alright so you just
you just wanted to leave are you guys
there it is no but you should tell me
you love me or something
I want to come with guys dad left we're
going to finish this vlog tell everybody
bye please hi hi guys before we get out
of here that last burger was such a
success yeah let's go frigid burger
alright folks there's Bridget take a big
ol bite of that thing girl
hold on this one right here is one of
their juniors see that hmm there's good
done good tired water my label burger
I've said it well I know Michael Green
makes burgers it's an art Wow guys
cheeseburger Five Guys style single that
was a double he's home making them
earlier I just want to keep make another
one let's go do this outro folks well
that's gonna be it for today guys thanks
for watching I made some Five Guys
Burgers turned out awesome
had you been they were awful hmm wrong
no they were so good there are some
stuffs okay were amazing we're big or
not they're amazing guys that's gonna be
in before we can add here I want to say
thanks to rockstar games for following
us on Twitter I embarrass myself but you
followed us oh thanks a lot I know I
should have uploaded that footage I
apologize for yelling at you
sorry guys it was humiliating okay it's
a video game I realize that but anyway
smack the like but what oh sorry I
forgot what I was gonna have you have to
click like for uh click like alright
we're done oh I forgot I was like oh
wait though
smack the like button if you want the
cook-off between me and Grandpa and it's
gonna happen guys and he's not gonna win
this way come on we're gonna have to you
know say he won this though but you're
gonna win yeah you're going to be the
winner anyway guys smack the like button
for the cook-off I'm going to
adding here thanks for watching like
subscribe favorite want everything for
Dylan and if anybody cooks my burger
recipe we even took me out check it out
use the hashtag burger because that's
not going to use my bunch of stuff
that's it love you guys ready guys same
truckster thanks
