what's going on you guys tip me on a
camera here but do I steer right there
today is Tuesday that confused me for a
minute I'll be honest like what the hell
my turn
today is Tuesday in today before we
start off the blog I wanted to get you
guys opinion on a video that's like all
you had to add to it she was like I
don't know what I was like yeah I really
want your opinion guys if you identity
the blog that we uploaded the other day
I told you to smack the like button if
you want to grandpa's to try the
Hardee's steak burger and a lot of you
guys smack the like button and some of
the comments made me realize there was a
new product out that he kind of has to
try if you want to see it have I told
you others yet
Nathan guys we've never done this before
we have never done a sequel to a fast
food video go back oh yeah you know I'm
sorry I know it's to talk to the guys
dad least I don't how to put it it's the
most disgusting thing he ever at a fast
food restaurant most disgusting thing in
this world to dad was the mac and
cheetos at Burger King and it's back the
Mac and Chee toes are back you guys and
dad hates them so smack the like button
a bunch of times if you want grandpa to
try the Macan Cheetos let us know in the
comments section and we're going to do
it guys this would be a sequel angry
grandpa eats mac and cheetos part two
yeah what if it's like a new recipe it
could have been what if he had a bad
batch last time yeah that there's a
whole number of things that could have
happened so guys let us know smack the
like button if you want it
today is Tuesday and today we got
nothing going on
what does what recording yes ladies and
gentlemen and I don't know how much of
this I can actually show because it was
like copyright so I know people do
gameplay and all that right now new Red
Dead Redemption to Shia who can't
describe how excited
you know I offer this game guys I have
something for to live for I am very
excited here we are you guys ready of
redemption - all right
oh my gosh is that Marsten or no I don't
know obviously not Marcin oh my gosh I
don't even think the camera is picking
up how amazing this are you serious yeah
jeez oh my god oh my god oh god oh
Michael
that is gorgeous dude oh my god it feels
we wait so long for these things to come
out gta5 came out like when was that
chill 12 I think she has a 13 render is
a machine came out way before then it's
ridiculous I know almost didn't think
you ever come out with oh my god oh oh
my gosh that was amazing there oh I'm so
excited so guys we're not going to be
vlogging when the game comes out on now
we're going to be of you go we are
nowhere to be seeing amazing no joke
guys yes I'll be at forest looks over
you oh my gosh I know I'm playing first
I'm one you can watch me my school up
yeah you go to the water there and I'll
go to the one in here and we go both you
can go in there and I'll be in here okay
all right Wow oh my god oh my god that's
gonna be cut like dick oh my god you're
not be that guy wait what about that one
going on the side with it was tonight
lizard yeah oh that's up here wait go
back
let's go back up what
what spring what no oh sorry oh my god
oh my gosh what oh great
oh no oh oh
that will be really all right guys to
make oh I can't fit the laptop that I
screwed up I'm not laughing I'm curious
oh yeah I'm furious
oh my god so seriously spring 2018 years
off in the year I'm not watching yeah
it's not your serious voice relax them
you just smiling right now
okay please delete the footage
Michael I'm we're concerned about today
I'll just you really ate myself to leave
it I'll get up real quick camera know
what Bridget we're not here in it yeah
we are
I'm humiliated you know Stefan they'll
film eight right here rock star you're
gonna get you've been with gta5 there
you go oh my gosh hi
they said this year this year yeah where
is just spring 2018 Hey this year oh
thank you I was gonna play good I was
going to play the first one it under
nightmare like August to get ready for a
new one
just stop talking yes Felix you're
mocking me I'm not mocking you
gosh is a joke right arrow bitches - is
now coming this is from rock crawlers oh
this is awful I'm the mole guess
make sure you film the Freak you're not
afraid Michael
the only game I was looking forward to
this year with that the only thing is
life I was looking forward to is bad
you're pissing me off
look at a focal area no I don't yeah you
do you're so mad you like made a match
okay yeah you're okay I'd love to get
what you're not bro you need the camo
give me the camera
don't film this you know I don't look
for too much there's not a whole lot
that I got going
you're not putting this online I'm
really upset - I was
really looking forward to it I'm not
mocking you I'm not well sue aah - and
I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry
I'm not mocking you my gradual
embarrassed this is this is my favorite
game I'm grindin embarrassed not because
of Gigi's not because of Red Dead
Redemption this feels like GTA though
they did this to GTA - I think you're
trying because of the game not because
you're embarrassed I've spread that
stuff I'm not even crying not a single
tear fell from the side okay believe it
no you can't have your own baby this
week I finally broke that embarrassing
like bingo vermi nothing person people
came to me in the street oh you're the
fat guy that cries over GTA and I didn't
want that to be me again now it's going
to be me again for Red Dead Redemption I
don't think you'd Eligius which does
sometimes you know you heard it you know
what I listed from that video no when I
hear you're the fat wrestling fan
hey you're the back in the primer for
GTA drop it it's over delete it God
Michael no it's okay but I need some
help cleaning this hey yeah just give me
you can't release Michael guys I want to
apologize to you what humiliated myself
I'm really let down - I really thought
it was this year they said this year
they lied they lied and I'm pissed
liars I'm going to follow them on
Twitter hey chill your books a liar prop
Stargell liars they're doing it for a
reason obviously obviously the game
needs retooling no that's not it they're
doing it because not enough people
pre-ordered I got full I bet that's it
obviously that didn't happen this game
was a freaking where's it that is my
mental theory that's what I think
happened off the camera I've embarrassed
myself enough that's being deleted
we're going to make Five Guys Burgers
and that's the end of it okay Mike off
this should make you feel better what
you're still crying
I'm not who's crying you look okay yeah
I don't need this right now
Michael okay we just do pin was this
shirt demolition night relevant sure oh
that's a new shirt I could wear I like
it okay that's pretty awesome actually
Briscoe Brothers show are you wear that
- I like it
the rock'n'roll spread is clearly a
packing box
I'm not into purple I can't okay can i
the Hardy Boys compliation DVD that's
pretty awesome give you this time all
right sweet thing is nothing to me
and an autograph better be a letter of
an apology from rock star it's not but
is it I've got their names now that will
look like the 80s during NXP the guy
that turned orders partner at an XP
those people and they're off okay I'm Q
believe it something else in here how
often is there something else and we
just never knew from typhoon month cool
okay I'm sure Willie and Bridget
oh yeah I mean I'd why would I do this
who cares is rushers fault
we're just it's their fault I broke the
image of being a little crybaby no you
can
this know everyone's quality as a
crybaby this whole Milan AC Milan holds
hard to shake it I'm just kidding home
no one thinks that nobody thinks that
and nobody will think it now let me know
in the comment section if you think I'm
a crybaby smack the like button if I'm
being a crybaby there quicken like I can
L say well I can feel they won't because
oh please and you you're cooking like I
guarantee I can go to Bridge Oeste
kavitha's like well yeah because so yeah
okay guys we're kids like that is the
Pro Wrestling crank this month yeah I'm
a crybaby weekend in like our videos
don't know I raise my fist I'm sorry
yeah guys can we go to the store yeah
YouTube can we go to the store now what
is that you said guy is can we go to sit
you serious yeah can we go to the store
Bridget Michael what yeah properly clean
for just we won't get one do you want
I think you should get up and clean I
don't want to move my body right now
I'll get up and spring 2018 I won't
leave the house till then get it here
I'll do it okay here's a camera set the
camera down all right at all yes cameras
off yeah here's off okay I love you yeah
I'm gonna get snapping of me - why don't
you I don't know but I'm really freaking
upset over a foot out and stripping the
liver both laugh yeah for I know
place franchise reaction in the spring
I'll play any coming here I'm sorry
Michael but that is totally a fog game
just my opinion hey Jonas come you know
what they change the bait what I've
heard it like there's a fastest of DLC
but from here I'm gonna be like 10 hours
okay I think I said ten hours a we
didn't one probably why is the thing you
can open recording wait what oh right
that's one so you know okay yeah idea we
can't keep any of this now that I have a
camera I'm believing why why what are
you doing give me the camera
all right now stop I need that to stop
twice too much maybe it'll just go to
bed
what's going on okay guys so Michael is
crying his eyes out in the bathroom I
just I like what nothing fun I said it
you're crying eyes on the bathroom
that's not true
won't you say that because it is Cheryl
read it yes over it okay I'm buying
it's an extra couple a month please stop
spread enough which is more like a year
okay I said a couple of months oh I
wasn't crying new guy she knows it okay
Bridget was crying
help help yeah I am really upset over it
though yeah I can tell
seriously I was so looking forward to
like starting Red Dead in August let's
just be clear about something
hi I'm John nightmare I am the biggest
Red Dead fan in the house no you're not
oh he's in that game like seven times
the Hassim you're not more upset about
this cuz it was like a do to change it
it's my personality I don't freak out
over stuff I can't change that's a good
philosophy I guess delete the footage no
I post on Twitter everyone wants to see
it what yeah it was a little enough
what's going on you guys so just now
Michael freaked out over rocks are
announcing ready redemption to is coming
spring of 2018 well I kind of want to
prank him and tell him that that was
just a mess up and it's actually coming
in a couple months
Michael I'm sorry I hope you forgive me
Michael Michael rocks are just a noun
brush are just a now I'm sorry Rock
searcher should now shower attention to
is coming in August I tell you about of
this year okay but five minutes Michael
this is urgent
thank you no we go I'm certain you're on
the phone what sue Paul I'm sorry but
this is really urgent what what's rock
surges announcer right now redemption 2
is coming in August 2018 no 17 yes when
do they enough that just now on Twitter
oh my god
good you can't even leave that footage
it won't make sense anymore
what's our game - yes we're right there
it should be right there it was tweet it
so so spring hey Michael
you're my ashtray
oh that's when I'll scatter all over the
grounds why you're not my fault awful
look sorry I just got over this I had to
make my prank believable Paul I work
congratulations
I'm sorry being well I'll calm down
sweetie so she won't like it either
okay I want you to cut that out I'm
sorry give me a hug no we're definitely
the first one I just got over this stuff
we can do the outro I'm done with it
okay guys was a humiliating day when
barish still being parent everyone had a
good laugh at me now it's rock stars
fall it's rock stars fall not here you
had to get my hopes up I'm sorry let's
do the whole bong all over again let's
go get five guys down know what I want
for playing Red Dead Redemption
can we do it tomorrow then I'm trying to
get an excuse to make cheeseburgers okay
can we do that tomorrow can we just play
it tonight maybe oh so I guess I am the
bigger fan I'm wait well that's going to
be it for today guys thanks for watching
if you're wondering why the outro was
outside today
that's because it's pouring down rain
and I don't really want to walk to the
door so we're doing it right I don't use
that door
hello did you forget there was a door
there
drop it work cut that out of the ball
guys Michael silence for ten seconds now
I know Michael I'm cutting it thank god
that's all I'll ask the wall um blow my
face at all camera there we go you're an
angry person I'm very mad today we're
starting everything over that's going to
be it for today guys thanks for watching
had a bit of a bad day and I'm a little
embarrassed Michael who cares what
people think
no cares that people think you crap your
pants and you cry your eyes okay well
those pairs of people think you're a
crybaby for this game okay it's a who
cares if people think you're a crybaby
and diapers knob what does you're not
helping I don't care that people think
you're a bald troll okay like you're
gonna end it here like pay for it don't
everything to us and that's it I don't
do any of the stuff she says okay I love
you
let me do or wimpy Adams norming smarmy
no no that's going to be it sorry for
the freaking I was freaked out too it's
a how long but your starting game he
said it's on a game of five minutes a
lot Michael is a scam is a lot you're
right it hasn't been five minutes that
is a lie oh my god what is going on oh
okay oh yeah you're getting a little
impatient as well well I'm sorry I just
really won't play Oh Michael cut it out
what me too
oh I love the way they sound oh my gosh
you are so beautiful what I sell me
tenders I don't care
guys planned Red Dead Redemption smack
the like whether you are Mac and cheeto
and smash the like button if you
actually made it to this tenancy
