what's going on you guys keep me on a
camera here but do I see you right there
and today is Saturday today is Saturday
and today before the vlog starts I'm
embarrassed
why the vlog yesterday oh my god guys if
the identity the vlog I uploaded
yesterday I took the hot Dorito
challenge which is basically just eating
some hot chips now for some of you guys
there's semi hot they're not that big of
a deal to me
they are scorching ghost pepper chilies
guys hi I have a problem processing hot
food I always have my entire life I
think it has something to with the back
of my tongue you screwed up and eating
too much sour candy I don't know what it
is but I cannot take hot food at all
check this out oh haha why does all this
three oh you're just yet
i humiliated myself I cried I drink a
gallon of milk I'm freaking out of the
water and a lot of people are saying
that the reaction was fake guys I'm
gonna tell you I cannot tolerate hot
food
you really can't guys I could I cried
when we went to the Anchor Bar Buffalo
New York and we got some mild wings and
I was like geyser too hot and people
were looking at me like what's up guys
I'm horrible with Hot Tamale see it is
what it is I'm humiliated today is
Saturday and today we're going over to
get hot we're going over to Grandpa's
house and you guys the other day asked
if I would bother him with Roseanne so
we can get into a debate oh yeah that's
what I'm gonna do I'm so excited
wish me luck good luck babe I'll be
there to film it she's just an observer
watching me being humiliated I
a Saturday let's head over to grandpa's
it's not me working Michael mom what can
we clean their couch and clothes because
Michael okay I sweat and everything is
sticking to the cap uses like a leather
cleaner this was weather right yeah you
can use leather cleaner or maybe pledge
cut like that
well I pledge to not be a password on
the pump oh my gosh go on
what is it some clothes oh I see he's
recline I don't know but it's probably
just some like drawing dirt you do is
get up thrown your way is the cable
fucking in this walls really gross oh my
good when we tell you a bring your fill
and then hop now faster discussion how
can I go without baby for a year keep
that pouch is smelling all right don't
listen put a blanket over it
hey just thinking when guys really quick
I want to go back to that jump Clyde did
I wish you guys could saw it from my
angle because he was high into the air
bridge got a part of I want to see
another replay of that right now
and saying do Clyde
you are crazy why he is the same boy
that was a huge jump and I was a huge
lump of something that you left on
Cindy's legs I don't know what it was I
don't know what it was but it was
awesome guys glad it happened guys we're
going over to Grandpa's house in just a
minute to make what do we do in there
release me Taylor yeah guys we're going
over to grandpa's house we're making a
loose meat sandwich from Roseanne that's
going up tomorrow let's get over to
grandpa's house
hilarious we drinking out of 2-liter
bottles you know honey yeah I have you
know wait I got a witty response from
the cabinet every drink that you've
drunk out of this house I drink it in
first
oh that's lovely remember you had to go
out the milk one time so yeah mom don't
drink the milk here the day of
discussing mobis so anyway I don't know
why you're filming this I need my hat I
don't know where your hats at babe
you're trying to quit hold it for me I'm
tired I have my hat I need my hat and I
can fix that
that darn haircut what you need to fix
your hair cut there why I can't look at
that much longer
oh my god it really has no we talked
about that last night we ordered pizza
right don't know no filter off the
camera that it happened and the guy gave
Michael something Jenny does this piece
of paper that he was supposed to give
back to his horror so he knocked on the
door and I answered and he was like hey
can he ask your dad
it could be happy you know this doesn't
make me feel good
our birthday's coming up like make me
feel really bad about me why are you
trying to look like I laugh so hard guys
yo go get meet your dad any good yes sir
oh thank you yes sir thank you Oh old
man glasses like to be wearing but the
whole style you got real good hi guys my
god
everything else is fine seriously and
when can we cut your hair soon please is
it a I want to do it yeah I mean it's
horrible nice to like letting your
grandfather cut my hair and I'll have
grandpa - very happy yes women a job
like Tim like I think everyone ever
stood with a fat man yeah
is that like soon we did it as soon as
possible
yeah you kill me no you made remember
you leave the house I got that are you
guys I'm at grandpa's house right now
the other day Bridget asked you have to
click liked if you want to me and
Grandpa to debate Roseanne again and
everybody click like they want to see it
it is guys
yeah order bacon Roseanne you good we do
it
I can't vlog you do another dose don't
you what when you go to the abduction
dad I told you when I'm - okay
chill out we're going to make those
beats damages today I get it doesn't get
visible to cook it forget to do an intro
chill for just look guys we're making
fun kiddo all right guys we're making
loose meat sandwich now I can't wait for
the peace peace sandwiches to go where
to show everybody the process a rat
right now that video is going up
tomorrow but if you're excited for it
Mac like grandpa you have been ramped up
dads have been out of your frickin mind
this holds up I need to simmer down
nigga shut up why are you still like
strong is because you realize them a
bigger Roseanne fan no you're not I am
Michael definitely is a lot I'm you know
anywhere haven't you know was glad
what does that mean no you there are
some agitate please Dan he did I know
you don't believe that to be true I feel
like that dad
Jose all right does who is bent on
Roseanne with the axis name gang honor
I can't put your daddy city bank honor
let me just in your little thing called
John Goodman
let me tell you I was last two days I
watched every episode of Rosen no you
haven't
that's not possible does it no it's not
it's not possible it's not possible
what as it is you're lying right now
yeah I get it
no yes you watched three episodes you
need to shut up do it oh my god you
never played the character Roseanne yeah
Roseanne Connors oh my god four bars
whoa
that's her name are you joking right
he's nothing just
talk to Siri hi Roseann get alright
mental hospital
Somerville will not submit dad if you
really believe broken well so Michael
you're definitely the fan welcome to
beautiful dead man's world I don't even
think grandpa likes Roseanne he doesn't
know dad how would you bring back dance
I guess you team up there's gonna be
other ways to do it
like for instance the memoirs here's
here's a scenario dan had his heart
attack
Roseanne was upset with him because he
wouldn't change his ways so she left him
and decided to kill him the memoirs
because he is dead to her you can say
I'm killing me he died heart attack I
can't help with that being like any
anchor a little strange you know you're
joking that there to have to recall and
have you mentally evaluated if you
honestly believe that it was a reality
show
heaven is reality
so then go to enjoy yourselves truth
from the rethink when being walked
through that door you know you you have
no idea what you're talking about
I mean who finishes Hamptons I'm not
saying no more
so here's a bigger fan it made her
bitching dad I think my dad is anxious
me it's motivates you the peel of
advocate yeah I don't know I think my
dad likes Rai more than your daddy was
in Bari and I didn't know played an over
therefore huh oh right through is bull
so now that we understand that you know
why I'm going to be active player yeah
you once told me John Goodman's like
when your favorite actors okay
how would you bring back Dan do you
complain we now know you gonna have to
all here's the scene Dan walk first dude
you're so skinny man go ahead Dan John
Zubin lost a buncha wait named Jenny
never go to do exponet you talk up I
don't like this person I don't like when
he plays this little thing yeah egoic
ranking me here
carlins michael there's my friend cover
the ones there is so pretty
let's kill battery to camera on this I
tried to make grandpa mad with the
debate you guys didn't work I was
getting mad I'll tell you that I don't
like when pressed attend that it's all
reality yeah he knows otherwise it knows
getting on my nerves is White's doing it
so anyway you guys but I would do seen
one Roseanna Jackie are sitting there
watching something on TV there's a knock
at the door it's Dan into the intro does
I don't need it like interact him okay
so anyway
knock at the door stand we go to the
credit and then Dan walks in he's
holding a book and he says why do I
gotta find out from our stomachs you
killed me these boom and Roseanne goes
well your dad to me boom
dan is brought back kill them in two
memoirs nothing with losses I just
I hope she'll spoil how fake his death
or something we just finished the lose
three sandwiches you guys I want to tell
you how that did did he succeed was it a
massive fail and it awful watch the
video two more glasses yeah find out it
was fantastic yeah I amazing but one of
the best things ever taste that thing
just didn't handle and said I liked you
guys
okay Rohan come on she's going to invent
this sandwich I did know she dad believe
Roseanne Barr and Beverly speak Spanish
tweet Roseanne Barr and after she
invented loose meet I doubt she did guys
it was delicious but I knew that
question actually dug what is the
problem my dad's grilling was it can't
be did he burn everything I don't think
that I agree with that
how you agree he used to burn everything
data has changed and he could I'm a good
cook now get weather it just doesn't
heat and grow better Sunday big boy was
that me I counted you Sunday
Gottschalk Oak Grove you argued by gas
valve is still but a pretty moon
charcoal girl what's happening right now
you've got it what's happening I'm kind
of scared
well I gotta get that as a thumbnail
option shake each other's hand okay so
what is happening Sunday come on go God
took off just like that flying like that
barbecue chicken are you going to the
funky chicken oh I can't cook nothing on
a girl well then why do that or you're
being so cocky can't cook anything on a
girl I'm going down the drumbeat oh fuck
even sadder when dad at our Doug you
better your what you're going against my
dad let me tell you something you got a
nice house big boys you gonna lose let
me tell you something my dad knows how
to
girl no he doesn't it he used to burn so
that those things are gone no not it
yeah exactly
would it be so hard I mean no one's a
smoking face oh my god like the smoked
mac and cheese yeah that will just go
that go missing smoking is not growing
it over here not leave in your diet
okay I don't know who's gone away
honestly I know all be an impartial
judge me Cal me and Bridget are going to
be judging the cook-off smack like if
you want to see it does vs. grandpa
going head to head
fuck off we got to cook like first they
don't want to see it why even do it
that's we love you so everybody click
like if you want to see it
it'll be tomorrow's vlog Doug you
excited to lose yeah yeah you go does he
look like you don't lose them oh I'm
even gonna make my homemade sauce oh my
I don't know that is what oh wait oh
yeah I made mine Oh guys click like the
cook-off go you're going get me five
he's gonna go to the Food Lion online
and pour it in ahh a bowl oh my god
that's West way Oh No
I've seen deadening homemade barbecue
sauce I never had I do middle of our
mustard vinegar I brown sugar yeah and
it is delicious
dad you got because you got to have we
got to have the brown sugars or the
crystallized a real chicken whoo ha my
twin
