what please close this door I think
someone's out there are you joking I'm
not Jodi please close the door
I'm not going near it Road No
what's going on you guys tip you had a
camera here this here
what
well you told me I have you me I
involved
I'm freaking ball Bridget sweetie you
only talk to you about that yes come
here
oh yeah the reason you're going bald
it's cuz you won't watch your hair what
you won't want your greasy hair it's not
bald your hair gets greasy and it looks
but okay oh you really think you're
going bald I think you going bald you
might be able to do okay I want to tell
you but I will go put on some bunch of
hair on the pillow what we'll talk about
that another time
guys what it serious yes don't sit
bridget is just here you can wear wigs
that's not what's important today we'll
get the bad guys today is Tuesday and
today what is my ball they're not going
bald
Bridget chill cover the lens why are you
going bald yeah well you have no hair by
the end of the year totally but that's
not important
you know it's important clients second
one thought last year after pleading and
begging and popular demand from lots of
Rick and Morty fans McDonald's put out
CEQA one sauce or Swan sauce or Szechuan
is a Szechuan as a second one hot
whatever it is
McDonald's put it out and fans were
rejoicing we're all going to McDonald's
for today we feast on setia one yeah and
then McDonald's didn't have any yeah
they didn't have any second want sauce
even though we were all promised it
McDonald's blissfully unaware of what
they had created did not know just how
crazy things were gonna be
and they got crazy right red people were
bootlegging sicka want sauce on eBay for
thousands of dollars I was gonna buy one
for 800 Bridget talked me out of it
McDonald's couldn't meet the demands and
people were in crowds at McDonald's and
they were screaming and they were pissed
and then they now said it was coming
back in 2018 well today is 2018 today is
anything I go from kid behind the camera
we're getting second one sauce here we
go all right there's no giant lines
Bridget oh here goes the wreck though
now gonna reckon to the aqua shop truck
all right there's no long lines there's
no people fist fighting over sauce oh my
it's on a Monday I called ahead of time
they've got it no weight on the driver
I'm not even prepared for this actually
oh my god I'm mentally prepared to give
it hey I can I get to 20 peas Nuggets
second one sauce yeah so Sean sighs yeah
the the stretched ones like as much as
you're allowed to give me I am super
excited gonna get some ranch - what I'm
gonna get some ranch you're gonna screw
it up if you ask for ranch roads if you
ask for ranch you're gonna screw
everything though yeah awesome ranch
don't let her screw up how many second
ones we get with that we're home this is
the moment we got a sauce Szechuan I'm
sick of Asians on line it's called agent
like she did okay we got the Asian sauce
guys if you're wondering why we ordered
40 I don't know I did this my Barriss
your winner is fine wondering why we
ordered a 40 piece nugget I am here to
show you a life hack guys
usually they have about 20 Nuggets one
hand which means if you are 40 they
gotta make 20 more fresh nugget hack and
those are Nuggets are eating but guys
that's not a hack
what do you mean that's not a freaking
hack why because you're buying double
nuggets hacks are supposed to be like
furry Elmo's okay it's not a life hack
you're right
try the sauce already Danielle no I
don't which matters with the precious
okay it's delicious
but we got double cross nuggets no way
there's a double hat oh it's not a hack
here we go you ready yeah hurry up
definitely Asian okay go go go
I don't know I don't try to act smart I
don't know usual ready here's a question
well that's nasty don't say it go it's
good good are you trying hurry up I want
to try it
I've been waiting months I don't think
it's almost teriyaki almost okay here
take this Oh Kenny when you explain it
to people I want to try it
Dejan okay guys it's autumn my god
so once I go cherry I can so yourself
okay you don't like it god it's so good
it's like a teriyaki like soy sauce in a
way it's very good
dude that's a good sauce oh my god Rick
and Morty you Dudley right let's eat
just got done eating our McDonald's you
guys we dipped our second wine sauce and
french fries I'm put it on a chicken
sandwich we ate it with the Nuggets I'm
gonna give this seven out of ten
I can absolutely agree with that I
really actually enjoyed it I'll
definitely get it again it's one of
those sauces where I will get it every
time but I will also get like sweet and
sour brands too
I went on France I got ranch yeah you
almost screwed it up for us
got it we got Libyan second one sauce
it's delicious
I'm gonna sell this something you pay
for $8,000 no I want to keep it actually
no I pay a thousand oh but if they are I
have watch tele I'm posing for the flub
nail I'm gonna make a giant second one
of my hands oh my god sometimes I feel
like you're too far away dude or not I
need to get your arms don't I just keep
trying a little closer for me yeah yeah
I could try it okay okay this this might
work but now the giant cycle on sauce
might go over your head hard right just
give your way do you know I can't wait
to see the outcome of that you might not
even work I'll put it in the video
anyway Oh actually this might be the
angle babe okay you seriously are Wow
yeah Wow
okay not too much good nobody likes
goofy faces
oh yeah it's just got to be the
creepiest night ever for us to come out
here what I kind of want to go in now
can we do look at the moon starting to
peek through the clouds this is the
night spirits attack
I could see it guys very pretty though
look at all the trees that look like
shadows I see a bad moon rising let's
just do this and go back in quick okay
Bridget there's nothing to film out
they'll fill me in here if you didn't
see the vlog the other day we came in
here and we open up this ottoman and we
can hear Bridget we're gonna lie I was
really scared like an animal it's gonna
pop out really why I was really scared
like in the animals now we're not sure
if it was the Ottoman or some kind of
anomaly it better been the Ottoman we're
gonna go find out right now we're gonna
open and close this thing five times see
this is it folks was getting a Wyatt oh
good
Michael I'm scared I don't hear it
please auto van make a noise come on
that's not this sucks it was a ghost it
was a ghost can't recreate it I don't
know what it was
who's that what what I thought I saw a
face no you didn't I swear where Michael
please close that door
what please close this door I think
someone's out there are you joke I'm not
joking please close the door I'm not
going near it
Road No
Oh Mike
why you kidding me Michael what you left
me out there are you serious and such a
saw somebody yeah I thought my daddy
just left me what is this
Who am I when I was scared oh and I
wasn't I thought you were right behind
me no you didn't I thought you loved me
I do I don't think you do
Bridget I would never leave you like
that ever
I'm pretty sure you have I never done
that I'm sorry
I got scared why did you yeah I really
was scared okay Bridget I took off
running I thought you were right behind
me okay I'm scared too I don't to be
mauled by the stranger behind me okay
I thought you loved me I thought we
agree we're gonna find a love no more I
thought we agreed that you know you'd
protect me or do I protect you
what is this you know Bridget what what
what's up my man I gotta protect you how
can we hit just protect each other
wonderfully I messed up are you sorry no
I don't I don't believe you we're gonna
do I don't know I'm sorry I gotta yeah
I'm getting you back I'm getting you
back for leaving me gonna be bad I'm
getting you back that was really wrong
delete you're getting you're leaving you
yes yes but you always go too far dude
you're like nine friends then you're
like okay we might be even all I did was
urban look when I took off running why
don't you follow what you the old
kolesberg ah there is nobody there
second of all what say it was I I have
one to prank you again oh please
you're just saying it somebody nice try
yes no dude no dude I didn't see anybody
I tried pranking you and guess what your
interior colors came out and I just
found out tonight after nine years that
you don't love me I'm doing prove it
well walk out there yeah
I'll take out the trash by myself okay
you gun hey I just wanted to say thank
you you know what you shoot me I hope
there's nobody in that barn I'm looking
at door you good care I don't feel very
loved right now so thank you keep doing
it
no guys thank you so much I just feel
the love you deserve it babe how dare
you leave me I apologize I said no would
happen in a real situation that's
fraudulently this Carla damn Linds we're
getting out of here in just a second you
guys you know before we get out of here
I want to take a minute to talk about
the angry Never Dies sure because you
guys are angry grandpa merch is live and
going soon if you haven't seen that I
have a shirt saying anger grandpa never
dies and I really believe because of all
of you guys and all your support he
never will the shirt is gonna be
available for like another week
Oh dad I miss you I hate doing this
without you but this is what you wanted
this was your dream and that's what I'm
doing dad half of you guys have you
haven't gotten the shirt check out the
link below you know to Bridget I don't
care what you say okay I don't care I
thought you were behind me I was gonna
defend you I was gonna have your back
where are you at where are you I thought
you were out there I don't care I've
that's gonna be it for today you guys
thanks for watching thanks for watching
guys oh I'm not bald anymore because she
took a shower but you didn't so look I
thought you were behind me that's enough
I don't believe you why are you calling
me a lawyer because I asked you to close
the door it's just surreal I started
running I was like she's got to be
behind me were running for our lives
that's what I thought happened maybe I
would have followed you if it was a real
scenario you weren't pranking me you can
say whatever you want I can see the fear
in your eyes
you're trying to act like you like now
you thought you saw something no I
didn't guys I think we're getting out of
here thanks for watching how do I think
of others how do I think what do I think
about the McDonnell Szechuan sauce oh
god is it good so good guys oh my god
however it ran through my con he
exploded the toilet look all I'm saying
is it does have trap gas okay my stomach
is killing me but it's worth the pain
maybe that all day I'm more addicted
like it's like my new crack guys I'm
getting you out of here thanks for
watching like subscribe favorite fun
everything
and admit it you I play you're behind me
I'm a big man I thought you wanted me to
say the words
