what's going on you guys Tippie on a
camera here enjoy CI right there and
today is Thursday and today is the best
Thursday of my entire life
because we're having lunch with my dad I
don't give a crap about but we're having
good guys we are going to the Golden
Corral buffet we haven't been there in a
while and we're going for lunch I'm
excited
vlog over wait no no not it's not open
guys I've been secretory Michael singing
the song whoa whoa what yeah what do you
mean whatever I carry son yy-yes I check
this out oh wow why you so obsessed with
peas girl I wanna know why you so
obsessed with please girl I wanna know
nothing that you couldn't impress a
woman - ding ding did you do it see this
is what he didn't understand he finally
met a girl that he couldn't impress last
boy in the world still couldn't hit this
he's delusional needs to make a big
money okay folks do I like the song he's
obsessed with the song okay that's fine
but you're like oh my gosh guys he
wasn't even like twerking at one point
oh I didn't get that thing I was I was
waiting for the clip to bust in why are
you talking about that I didn't work
maybe we should reenact that part I want
show no no I won't
I'm already humiliated parking skills
and milk why are you so upset me Oh what
are you doing Oh No
and what are you doing are you pressing
your lies don't you are getting dressed
I want to see it what Brock says no make
you look even more like an old man what
are you gonna cut it I don't know virgin
I want to cut it I'm sick of it soon
okay we want it okay Michael I really
want you to debate your doctors an again
nothing come on we're going over
tomorrow bro debating Rosanne with him
is guys cook like if you want Michael to
go over to grandpa's and make him really
mad bro eat
Richard there's something about when you
debate Roseanne with him he just
prescribes a general or Ravana's there's
a classic fit confirmation hearing what
you think there's actually people
watching maybe you don't know what
Roseanne is it's a sitcom that grandpa
is obsessed with and for some reason
read up the worse than both of us
come on Michael and tomorrow is perfect
because of that cooking
I love we're doing that tomorrow yet we
might guys if you want to see me a
grandpa debate Roseanne smack like yes
really Anita's oh I don't get real he
then I guess he did that's what happens
with us yeah if you haven't seen the
video we uploaded yesterday we wrap up
freaked out about Roseanne he destroyed
his cabinet in the dining room and then
I just went completely ate so you guys
if you haven't seen it check it out the
link is below
and I guess if you want us to debate
Roseanne smack the wiggle of touch I'm
not responsible for what happens
actually you are responsible for what
happened don't say it we are no we're a
team Bridget I don't want to do it we
scream at each other
but it's funny you just want to see it
you know it is let me
a pair of laws that yeah it was
hilarious that it was a screaming match
over Dan's back on Roseanne guy if you
want to see it smack the like button
that's what you go yeah I'll leave you
to brushing your little hair okay
Bridget why am I doing this I don't know
I want chicken I need to brush my hair I
cover boom you know when you cover it it
doesn't mean anything it just couldn't
cover doesn't mean Wi-Fi off Sam
Thornton Delta I just looked over bridge
brushing her ponytail what is this I
have to why because they don't get
tangled yes I have hair good hey are you
guys right now
we're on our way to meet Doug at Golden
Corral oh yeah I do this more when I get
buffet if you guys can't tell i pre
taken my belt off Tommy no oh we are
actually meeting though guys if you
haven't noticed does trust has been here
for the week because he's borrowed
Bridget's carving up into the pocket yep
he's found a log and he's kind of mad at
you this my dad because you said like
there's a TARDIS toilet and God plans
only brought me funny bow he thinks that
you're trying to embarrass him what and
he wants to fight you what yeah
Oh dog wants to fight yeah Doug oh my
god
they called me kid lightning around
these parts no babe I'm serious he know
you're not he wants to talk to you face
to face like I'm like a man and then
fight you like a man what yeah this is
an ambush I'm staying home it's not an
ambush if you're luring me to Golden
Corral to fight your dad then I'm
staying home he said all right Michael
this is what he said he said have
Michael meet me in the golden crowd
parking lot so I can keep I tried to
fight him really laughing Wow why would
you it's funny I can't believe my dad
actually wants to fight you I can't
believe you would bring me look
obviously he does want some come get
some he's obviously just a little heated
all you gonna do is say sorry I gotta
apologize because I made some jokes
about your dad's house yes there was
there was a turd in that toilet how
about the hello there why I want that
there was a turn in that toilet and it's
done how about that one Wow you're
asking for it that this portion joking
he does not want to fight does he really
it wasn't a turd you got to like tell
YouTube that's not true
I don't know was there wasn't there
there wasn't how'd you like getting up
in my face now don't I girl just
sensitive
it was a joke Doug I'm sorry can we eat
chicken now yes you guys to say to his
Facebook I'm sorry
so we're on our way to Golden Corral
right now and I guess I am about to get
into a fight
ya know buy it plug my dad you know he's
just really offended I don't say it
sorry Doug I'm sorry
well you guys you gotta say to hit what
did I do wrong
actually I say let the turd in the
toilet
he's just really upset over him he just
tected not funny first of all he just
said now he he just said screw Michael
what yeah I just texted me let me see
hey yeah I got Drive you listen before
the guards in it well I can't text and
drive
guys look I'm sure everything be okay
Mac allowed to hit your dad in the face
but I will these Joanna now you're both
polar prank but we Indian as your fight
Bridget I fight great that's the point
of a fight understood yes
I'm sure he'll be okay done once them
does got it guys
this is the blog the gym waiting for
what it's teed up I'm not gonna get beat
up now I want an apology how about that
I love the apology and I was thinking we
hadn't been the Golden Corral
since the apartment Michael hunters own
it's like when five years what we're
going to go across yes we're going to go
to ground
now we're going to go around now we're
going to fight in the corner of Park
stop saying it thankful stop right
we're obviously going to go to Gronk
we're pranking me it's a yelling match
as anything I don't want to get into a
yelling match I mean he's probably going
to fight you stop this bull dude it's
baloney well we have to say now for you
to Bologna Bologna and my god
okay we're saying Bologna now goes
problem unbearable oh yeah I'm sorry for
saying Bologna you guys okay I wasn't
trying to censor myself I was thinking
about a thing in the matter guys little
impromptu taste test right here lathe
Liman sea salt potato chips okay what
I've tried that I think you should try
and see if they're gross I'm not trying
up no they're so good all right guys the
bag is really prettier yeah it's my
favorite color
what's up what's up
right of the bag is still trash okay I
didn't put that there
I'm still gonna eat this emus trash in
it I post here we go who is this
horrible it tastes like a salty meringue
it's kind of like it's my song vinegar
meets lemon meringue pie yeah that's
really not fair
and it's texture because it's like the
best color bag chip you got me with the
color layers okay you got me okay all
right here we are folks at Golden Corral
yeah my dad and something he's ready for
you oh it's not busy I love it
be in my car I don't even think we're
meeting your dad we are yeah right
hole empty parking lot nobody look at my
dog you had just admit it was a prank
Michael there's no prank it's true now
there's no dog either is that him over
there
it's a sarcastic joke it's not here set
him there yeah
my house think okay I didn't say that
doy
yeah he did really act don't updates
don't you think oh my gosh oh my gosh
Michael was not funny
scared of my dad okay that was like
twenty metier to hair and you're
terrified of my dad
I'm not okay I'm not scared
audible knocks o'clock okay
alright guys I want I want to see it
again no we're not yes I'm editing I
want to see it again I'm anything cold
and then I wanted us okay Nadia slow
motion yeah slow motion are you so
scared of my dad I'm not
you think you can pick you up
I'm not a fighter I'm away and this
party's going on you know Bridget got
your lab okay Michael it's okay
I would people in the parking lot
laughing it does nothing lasts forever
it's not a big deal yeah that's where
your daughter is Google so just know
ahead of time if ever comes the promise
of like get rid of your money
look Barbra Jean I'm taking them you
want
you would do that no I wouldn't can we
end this I want to see one more time and
again stop okay this is probably a
that's enough for one more no no I'm not
even enough you know painting anymore
hahaha hubs fail is that your only joke
babe when did you planned it okay it had
to been a plan today you guys get it
don't you
I can't hit Bridget's dad he's screams
but if the day were to call there'd be
two things that he hears sound of my
spit no sound of himself hitting the
driver why do you say that when dad's
right there not really okay
all right Doug I'm sorry for saying your
house smells Michael the whole thing so
so he didn't even care ever know well it
outside
I don't agree you think it pocket like I
did I'm joking what do you think it
don't stink when I'm there so you're
saying it's me
cover lens Doug I can see that cool guys
I was good yeah I am so full ice cream
cone I should have done that
some sugar I did know and we're smart
oh my just trying to beat you up maybe
here thank you oh I know you're doing oh
you're gonna like do Photoshop or
something yeah
all right guys let's see it one more
time which is enough fun they're tired
of singing but not you ha ha ha kid I
can't ever get old
you killed it no well that's gonna be a
pretty you guys thanks for watching
you got me okay okay I really
embarrassed myself this time I'm sorry
when did you plan this today
why are you texted on it is what it is
okay you got me to show you now I would
never let anyone beat you up
never never okay I need to think so
anyway guys that's gonna be it for today
I want to take a minute uh I don't want
to get sad during this doing this I
don't usually get sad when celebrities
die I just want to say rest in peace to
Chris Cornell demons are a mother effer
dude
they are baloney so anyway I'm gonna get
out of here rest in peace dude I'm what
I'm really sad about about it is I
wanted to see them live so bad and they
were doing this new tour and he's got
such a good voice so rest in peace to
Chris Cornell I'm gonna get out of here
thanks for watching you guys like this
guy's favorite fun and everything but
you left and make me a promise all right
we're gonna clean this kitchen right
yeah we're going yeah we're going I
clean my kitchen right
like that night I'm just going to lean
is like a really magic at all thanks for
watching you guys
