what's going on you guys get me on a
camera here but your eyes here
right there and today go ahead Wednesday
Monday please notice Wednesday it's
Wednesday what happened to us oh my god
our days of the week so just look guys
bye bye
we can't keep tracking you today is
Wednesday and today we're going over to
Grandpa's house folks and make it turn
out Fredo she was like I turned the
camera hircus unless she was gonna add
to the anger Grampa thing she was like a
girly like come on turn to me guys
she only want to talk about Alfredo yes
guys we're going to Grandpa's house
today because you're going to see which
is already up by now we're doing one of
our first reaction videos on the anger
grandpa's show channel I can't believe
it's the first oh I can't believe it's
the first we've got a couple in the past
like you know we did rebeccablack and
stuff like that but those were different
kinds of reaction videos this is going
to be a true to form authentic reaction
video Wow
where grandpa finds out Roseanne is
coming back I'm really excited I am so
excited I don't know how many of you
know this but Roseanne is grandpa's
favorite TV show ever
yeah ever it's one of my favorite shows
as well but a dad's favorite show ever
yeah it's insane how much he loves
Roseanne it is crazy and spray this on a
Roseanne capsule I actually am too but
guys find it out today if you haven't
seen it pause this video right now go
check it out Angra grandpa's rose in
reaction and or you can check it out for
now welcome back or make a chicken
alfredo let's head over to grandpa's
house it's time to find out about
Roseanne world on 0 John please
give me an oh god I can't wait I watch
every episode beyond this chawl you want
to have you clean on it well you got
your overreaction he not to stay down
yeah I not using I'm so happy that
didn't feel good like I didn't know it
is the only thing we watched I get not
as I just man I don't care even the
rerun then come on you see outside fan
yard you need your new pencil so toys
you look dull your mama she be that look
at else but Jim and Jim was your room
playing with a doll but also we hear
that from you to start remember the
beautiful again Wow and the everybody
just delivered what Rose interview runs
it's true that's good right hand through
is the only shoulder products together
as a fan every day every day I don't
watch that it was Andy oh yeah you can't
just you gonna go Hosea K where my
fucking engine yeah you keep your god
yeah so you said anybody
okay you're right I used a screen to
watch video God your name does he'll see
we're gonna do signature like this is
normal well moving is normal you've
everyone John had a heart his neck doc
and he will go to hostel Toros Amber's
over yeah I think you just I think you
just did one that he just didn't want to
go a dinner to do distract him walking
tray
while their dad to sit high in on it
though this little bit put it in there
the damn cars are that all of this over
there that she was emerged an college
character automatic no shame in Baghdad
Ivan started teachers daddy which is a
couple foot mom she was off us picture
clip shorter than her can you let me
hold into your mom she's happily married
in Hawaii she won't show you my rest
data
Oh dad did John cutter and you joking he
got you Marion John good and so I did
you'll be able to shove Haley dead she
waited taro
she hey Dave Hancock you can easily
bring back Dan back all you gotta do is
take children to memoirs
that's it he got a gap she said he died
of a heart attack
all these guys yeah this is what a
fitted Aeschylus dude she said he died
of a heart attack you don't know he lied
to us
okay well I don't know she loved that
book she loves to sing now well yeah a
lot yeah I want to just run right by the
last season I'd rather that handed he
was in wha season hey he's dead it can't
be a joke dad he's not bad he's dead the
last episode she said I love Emily
yes right yeah she made it easy
I'm an idiot or she said that he cheated
or that horrible the we all die it was a
hole I would dirty normal she said she
lost into the heart attack and it felt
like he left her for another one there I
would have never left I would never let
computer moving
let me say something Rosanna can easily
bring her back she just killed into the
memoirs Jeff can walk in and say why did
I find out second look this is the rain
wash this hurt
wife I got you kill me in these that's
all you got to do Rosanna there's not a
lot TJ dad died I thought our funeral
there was still a funeral what episode
did you watch
there was no funeral Dan is dead good
well be coming back so either they're
gonna it's gonna be walking dead and
dancing with like Rosie you click on I
really like that you're standing like
what does the Halloween makeup you broke
the record what was it I don't give it a
hard edge it does we can go and cook the
a program record best over-reaction
myself good job yeah okay I'm cleaning
what does all the stuff government if
it's tough he's just thinking them hold
nice house yes forget it put a thing
back of it she'll though this totally
I'm sorry Charlie how does he still just
watch you come help me he just
disappeared
is all season Oh dad you do
over Bros and go talk about things I
love I love Rome as much as you do
so our family thing I want to like it
more than you now that oh how many times
have you seen the episode are you going
to anyone
oh you got my Amazon account I got every
other southern Amazon good I eat yummy
are you out by your roots of these
fruits and banners snob David there's no
debate because it's me know me it's
obviously me
oh please name one episode of title huh
Rose end of the pilot pictures Dennis I
was in our little planet if I wasn't
invincible the pilot okay what is this
he should Hey okay we're not getting
water are you doing so healthy please
okay why don't you describe tour a combo
denis clemente excuses miss fault
Uncle John doesn't miss you got to calm
down and you could give you you okay
you're the biggest present thing I've
ever met in my life
you did it oh I don't know that show
please don't for July I don't think
you're gonna be wiser cocoon covers
wound okay she watchable kind of lids
I'm tired to say I got it
yeah meet you up Todd man comes let's
not use any cooking with Google can't
say okay I'm a romantic Cumberland I
stopped down the recipe okay cover the
lens you pissed me off with your actual
recipe are you guys anyway hotel today
again that's a PC odds odds cousin I
envied you don't have you got how is
this thing what does he complain anymore
the resident what is that you come
listen close it
we saw Roseanne Bridget cover loans they
got clean so
yeah why is there a cake and it gets why
yeah go far with twigs now kids already
know the means well you know whatever
then I would how apply it I kind of tell
them I love you know I have money too I
don't want you to I'm not going
something up
yeah you didn't help them does this tell
me not having it my place
you heard her deal through that know my
needs well read this over oh man this is
happy I suppose things doctor not so uh
is this shelf even like look at this
thing I think it broke it rolling to the
back of it one oh my god it's like
totally screwed
just do it all this foldaway is awful -
I don't know - my right they're just
reading them trash I take the note work
it was a convert week
well Rosanna Thank You cousin you see
I'm really excited probably more excited
than grandpa yeah okay there's a human
being alive more time okay so someone
here you
and this understand don't do it coach
all right damn ouch
well hand of stuff so would you call
that Nick now we cook all right what do
you think about Friday
yeah I'll have Ajay got all these videos
please look up a couple of recipes first
because you have a kid to just find one
and that's done I'll cook it the way I
think is button okay oh my god
plug it all in ask your B number I'm not
gonna put her you follow each other on
Twitter
okay absolutely she's gonna know only
that one note I can't say yeah she's not
gonna know though I want to cry all
right love you man Oh - later charlie
cybers it down so hard now whether Lynn
do you can i watch her Santi oh all
right all along up in Judy an abundance
of all right ah man
fucking Danna all this is a dance on the
show okay I'm still here
let's just get now I'm gonna show you
right now forgive it got I'm telling you
though Danna did you want to see Hannah
you got been recalled why is a few dad
oh my god no he didn't hear well then
just put the cat photo me a second Media
Julie just show me right there where Oh
George add anything that damn spat he
lost well goddamn doubled a magic kind
of a trade in those joint good oh my god
yeah
danced it then okay dad okay hell he's
not well your dad keep that an actor dad
I think you joking what do you think I
think it's serious my god that's scary
dad you know John Goodman's alive
there's names of doing Dan Connors and
it did he joking oh my god if you're not
joking I'm getting you help
I'm not joking he is joking people don't
think you're actually genuinely crazy
because all right folks it is dinner
time right now
first things first let me go ahead and
tell you guys the grandpa was joking he
knows that John Goodman's the actor I
don't know why he went asking Bridget
there's no way he thinks physic that's
like somebody giving everyone Bridget he
had to be committed if he didn't think
is how could you say yes no way he
believes that guys he knows John
Goodman's an actor I don't know why he
was saying that
right anyway it's dinner time stop it
sorry guys if you hadn't seen the video
grandpa exploded he threw his shelf down
stop pause the video go check it out
I am and now it's time for a little bit
of she's so impatient it's Alfredo time
good okay thank you
Oh Oh see this is why I do it Michael
she already just started dropping go
back into bed enough of you she can't
cook you know I've never cooked chicken
guys why is there no seasoning girl I
wanna know okay mom I got some chicken
that have no flavor
Bridget made and it's almost done
chicken huge and these are my fresh
grown peas guys burger chickens I'm
shelling a whole bunch of peas why you
so obsessed with cheese girl I wanna
know I really got something in the
Mariah Carey song you guys why aren't
they sex with me girl I'm really not I'm
in love with her oh by her I mean
Roseanne am Bridget okay just written
for revenge oh hey yeah I said I can't
love Roseanne show I'm gonna cover the
lid from stand each other
Bridget added frozen peas to the chicken
I'm at it you might know it's fine
you think you're going to add them all
when you add it into the boss anyone all
right what are we doing here
two cups of cream and looking clean and
that is also butter you got dude good
enough to stick so I'm doing four cups
of heavy cream
this was just two guys this is a bad big
Alfredo this is going to be good we've
made it before so we're not showing all
the steps actually we are showing
ourselves ah yeah we show love the steps
what I just said two cloves of garlic I
don't know how much that would be but I
love garlic so I know they close know
what I'm doing hopefully that I didn't
do to my look like 19 cloves of garlic
as possible I mean you never know
all right back to what I'll do before Oh
turn your bride I'm looking almost dying
see when you're a cook like me darling
you are a college you are dying I was
you know so recording right
she's my sip it down folks baby I'm
gonna Oh
Thank You Travis turn it off when I'm
cooking the bridge it works yes under
the bread I put salt in the water
Michael I really need that cheese Oh
even Bella feel bad for you well you
know we massage Oh little turn the bread
stop filming okay guys so I usually use
half of it half of Parmesan cheese yes
is there no like number that it says
there is but um I like do my own kind of
so bread is a little more than have your
like a better cook than okay Wow got it
yeah got it
it's better than Olive Garden and that's
really this last time that was really
good okay this is checking on your
noodles are looking good guys
meals coming together okay folks the
noodles are done which the next step is
to what pretend your sauce add stock
okay boom
now your chicken Sweet Pea mixer - that
is looking good Bridget you just art
mixing it all together folks that looks
good we're just cool I know it's really
good
all right folks has been about 10
minutes we've let this are you guys it's
been about 10 minutes the Alfredo has
been sitting and this is what we got
Wow Bridget was good really chicken in
there I don't know we're called the
chicken huh
damn
all right folks here we go Bridget's
chicken alfredo I know she did good or
she let me now I hope that's good
is why'd you stop filming I was joking
don't put the camera down ever I ever
take off you and you hate it rule number
one this house camera hurt my feelings
the camera stays rolls delicious and
then yeah oh they're so happy I'm so
happy it's good well you got the recipe
make it news delicious that's gonna be
it for today guys thanks for watching
who knew we liked bros and that much as
clogged roseanne I know but we had a
full one heated meltdown of a debate
yeah right is really a Thomas staying
out of it like I don't know what
happened you know when we get into a
discussion like that all of a sudden was
like let me tell you stopped it the
memoirs like I was furious
you're definitely the finger fan though
out of us yeah so anyway hey I do like
her more than you I love frozen I
watching like every time I think you
feel better it's obviously your guys is
the better fan that's gonna be a pretty
shot he's definitely the rock as I was
just ready to be out roll guys you
didn't see the video go check it out he
had a complete meltdown when he found
out Rosanna was coming back
that was the aftermath for your meltdown
I get teased more we had a milk like
favorite y'all fraida was horrified you
know what your hair is horrifying
no it was delicious operator by the way
