what's going on you guys kid be on a
camera here but do I see you right there
today is Tuesday today is Tuesday and
today we're going to do something that
you guys went begging for us to do for
weeks and weeks and weeks and for some
reason we haven't done it because we're
getting nothing but fast food for weeks
and weeks and guys today we're going to
be doing a little bit of cookin I'm so
excited once tell anybody what we're
cooking today chicken sandwiches guys
we're making grilled chicken sandwiches
with avocado that's going to be later on
in the vlog I don't want to talk too
much about it right now because if it
doesn't work I got to cut it on the
intro broth because if they suck we're
gonna upload the fat if it's a fail I
want to be a fail I don't either I'd
love to get sandwiches anyway that's
going to be later but first we're going
to be going through the evidence that
you guys sent us from yesterday's vlog
we went to Doug's house and for some
reason it just fell hard it was just
called and dark and scary and dusty and
silly and dark and stinky it it's your
dad's house I know guys it was weird in
that house stinky it felt like there was
a being in that house and then I found
it was Doug's boxers myself I'm joking
that's a judge dog I'm joking guys
because I felt like something was alive
in there and then I realized Doug didn't
flush the toilet oh my saw we flushed it
I'm joking
guys I'm seriously I'm joking
the crap you guys I did cut the crap it
took a couple of flushes so anyway guys
anyway series yeah guy is a joke you
guys sent a whole bunch of evidence in
timestamps and weirdness that you heard
when we're at Doug's house so in a few
minutes I'm going to react to it I gotta
stop doing this
I just been doing it the whole time so
anyway you guys uh anyway guys today's
Tuesday we're hunting for a ghost at
Doug's house ok are you guys it's time
for us to start going over the
that you were sending us and I don't
know why I'm wearing my glasses like
that I feel like I thought it looked
smart per minute come on not realize I
look stupid you are smart
are you guys you've been spending up
time stamps and things that you think
that you hear in the blog so I'm gonna
watch it with you guys it's going to be
a little bit of reaction style let's
hear what we find in Doug tops because I
genuinely those are feeling in my house
yeah it was just cold and I didn't want
to say anything to Bridget but it's
stunk in there like rotten meat certain
times don't say that you told me when I
told you that that sign signifies a
poltergeist so yeah I don't even do this
anymore
no you just poke him a midget a little
um it wasn't the whole house was just
okay I will bring that up sorry do you
smell rotten me does what so my house is
a house mellotron meat are you guys it's
on us to be a little bit reacting I got
my headphones on need headphones this
stuff doesn't slip there what ice no her
I need oh that's me okay so the first
time scent comes around 7 minutes and 18
seconds of the blog there's like a grab
I'll see you like a pickup a ghost let's
hear it I hear a rabbit we go how about
yours again I'll see my pickup a ghost
it almost sounds like a growl thing Doug
white or duck oh my god do you hear it
you murder it right I didn't think
anything of it well you got two guys
first of all whatever didn't know that I
don't believe in ghosts
okay it's probably a house sound or the
cat you find it kind of does not like a
cat so it's like a telling me like my
stomach growling actually like I was
hungry
hopefully our we're going to go to the
next part you guys now this one I
actually did hear it's around 7 minutes
34 seconds to the vlog sounds like
someone says ghost or go woods everybody
listen oh my yard is my grandpa right
right following you I heard and it
scares me and I'm done
oh my gosh it says can I hear how do you
not hear it I remembered it yet I
haven't heard any of these yet oh my
grandpa fooling you huh
ah that one I can't explain
look I don't believe it go so it was
probably like a window unit in there
yeah maybe it was that they weren't on
okay there's another part where I don't
know what says with someone the next one
is at 8 minutes and 4 seconds you guys
this one I don't know what it says
people are saying it sounds like a cuss
word or even Bridget white I showed you
I reckon so surprise right now I showed
you this didn't I know well now you know
let me
what are you seeing
it's weird because it's like it's
actually in the room telling was an echo
to me Oh God
we didn't hear it there no uh bridge
don't say that that's why I hear bridge
what are you seeing the last one that
people were sending me comes at 8
minutes and 13 seconds into the vlog
just like a grunt I don't know what it
says but it's a grunt and people hear it
and it is audible so I wanted to give it
a listen guys what kind of sounds like
the F word actually doesn't this thing
know there's an ad like boycott right
now don't you know that goes right down
the arrow up what sounds like you sit
check us out suit you here because I
feel like I understand the effort
what why does what is it about this
makes you like that scare me no scares
me yeah well I don't know that's creepy
that was us reacting to some of the
ghost stuff that you guys were sending
ah it is weird
it's very weird I think we should ghosts
aren't there remember go back watch the
vlog let us know some time stamps and
pretty soon we're going to gather up our
ghost evidence for a full on ghost video
because there's a lot of tough compile
above you guys there's been some stuff
that bridget found that terrified me and
under stuff of mists and I don't know I
don't believe in ghosts but it is
something I'm very interested in I need
to just relax oddly this has been
relaxing me lately shit really yeah my
hands too fat for this one
oh sorry for our brows watch guys anyway
that's it for the ghost stuff let us
know some more timestamp stuff that you
heard that I did in here I don't believe
but it's weird okay I like to dabble in
it just to see cuz I'd love to believe
one day if you guys can hear anything
that can make me believe let me know in
the comments section are you guys it's
time for a little bit of cooking you
guys have been begging for some more
cooking in the vlogs and that's exactly
what's going on right now tonight we're
making avocado grilled chicken
sandwiches with bacon prolong oh that
sounds good how about you Bridget I'm
very excited yes the cooking babe let's
get to cooking next up we're going to
show you how to do the avocado so first
I'm going to do it on one hand is really
mess with me on holo-book sexy this is
what happens when you try to cook
one-handed all right here we go
so you want to get you just want to pop
this out get the knife in there boom now
you got two little creamy avocado slices
boom
I'm going to spoon and show you how to
get an avocado on guys he's going to go
under this skin right here go around it
and that's it boy avocado fresh the next
up these chicken sandwiches is a nice
toasted bun so they're in butter and I'm
putting it on some buns oh my god
we're going to sit them on the grill now
that Bridget Michaels so you're not
surprisingly here easy with this ain't
butter honey butter oh my gosh so I'm
adding a little sweet kick on my bun
you're about a Hawaiian bun what's wrong
add a little sweet to your bun so that's
what I'm doing folks this is not butter
this is honey butter and we're putting
it down that's step one I'm gonna get
everything else ready look right back
right here we got some french fries
going our buns will just sort of
chilling over there
next comes our chicken so right here
just some thin sliced chicken I got
right
here I want then you can do thick I
can't promise results there's a little
bit of olive oil in here
lay down your chicken lay down your
chicken and it's time to season it these
things for this is just going to be a
little bit of salt
a little bit of onion powder I like a
nice amount of onion powder actually
it's on my favorite season my favorite
seasoning both me and Bridget and a
little bit of pepper
mm for now that's it okay guys I am
going to salt the fries with seasoned
stuff very nice mmm a little shake go
one more one more one more
you don't know anything about seasoning
I'm scared of too much salt here we go
folks
the biggest tangles in Charleston just
next up is a little unorthodox folks put
a little bit of Italian dressing oh shit
the oil right now folks shake it up ah
yeah all right now let's do it while
this is going to cook I've done a little
bit of flavor that's it not much
nice cauliflower a little bit of this
later there was not a lot of Italian
dressing and I think it's on a foot so
this is where Michael screwed up dinner
hey I can do squat no I'm just kidding
it's gonna be great okay well I was not
ready to flip yet I'm gonna leave it for
a second or a little more char well
we're at all right both it's time to
assemble so first I'm gonna give a
chicken patty look at this Wow oh you
smell good don't you baby girl chicken
patty goes down slice of provolone
cheese goes on top of that a lot of
people don't say cheese and chicken goes
well together
I think provolone does take care bacon
goes on top of the cheese already
looking good Bridget hen next step
avocado risen want extra avocado Hotel
guide as what she's got you just
actually microwave the avocado for like
10 seconds just to give it a little
softness then a tomato and guys the
tomato and the avocado has been salted
and peppered
you go a little bit of lettuce
Wow almost done oh my guys last step any
mustard now I do too many monsters one
is like a creamier pony monster and then
just a touch of this actual honey honey
mustard that's it for the sandwich
itself you try to top this bad boy wait
so here is chickens managed Wow guys I'm
feeling happy right now let me tell you
well now add some french fries you just
seasoned fries Bridget did your eyes you
look good girl and we got some of it now
guys we're fairly sure this is like
chick-fil-a sauce it's all at Walmart
and wanted it I'll put it on the side
for Bridget Bridget you are a chicken
sandwich oh my gosh I did take it how
does it taste oh god here we go folks
Google boys chicken sandwich going in is
really good leave Wow
hey guys the avocado is creamy the
chicken is not over spice a little bit
of that Italian not much Oh Kyle honey
but it all works done it's so good it's
a much
yeah man Wow well you best knows our way
it's really good I might agree I might
do the fungus can it make this at home I
am joking because you're not will not to
cook the dump get your parents to come
on eat at home fix it
no joke take your sandwich for Jack here
in your sandwich oh I'm not on it
I don't want it it's your food guys take
the sandwich goes well that's going to
be a pretty native guys thanks for
watching what almost that's almost gonna
be it for today guys you had to see
Clyde being really cute fidgets better
Bridget wanted me to put this and then
honestly I want to do it too because it
is a door
guys this was the other day we'd forgot
to include it in the vlog I was using
the fidget spinner and I saw that Bella
really loved it and then I saw that
cause really loved it
hey check it out this was from the other
day Clyde versus the fidget spinner
English bulldog versus fidget spitter
that's a facebook upload title ah anyway
this is English bulldog versus fidget
spinner and he goes crazy folks what is
that kind playing Clyde loves to
participant her to you you like that
thing guys you like that it spins Clyde
all right what is this thing he wants it
oh oh whoa
good vitals all yours oh it's a biggest
spinner cake Hey oh my goodness he loves
it one who knew they'd just been alright
god you're scaring us okay
I know oh so anyway that's gonna be it
for today you guys thanks for watching
bridges got a hell of a mess to clean so
those chicken sandwiches were a mess but
boy were they good yeah thanks for
watching you guys a little bit of
cooking did a little bit of ghost
reacting terrifying that was very
terrifying I never smelled the rotten
meat though
she's offended that I said that about
her dad's house
guys who into her dad's bath it was at
urge like cinema now there's like joking
but it's really easy to offend you cut
anyway that'll be it for today guys
thanks for watching was there a ghost or
was it like household sounds and a cat
nose it goes just stop it was a ghost
guys if you hear anything else let us
know in the comment section that's going
to be it I'm out of here like subscribe
favorite
hold on everything but you ice and smack
the like button if you made it this far
into the vlog what's up why embarrass me
like this smack the like button human a
prank Bridget again just just Bridget
Pratt month make it like whether you
made it this far into the blog and
comment below go comment ghosts below
the reason we asked you to do that we
can see who the real young uns are who
made it to the end of the vlog and who
actually meant that's going to be a we
weren't done after that say goodbye and
if you're right like guys favorite or
anything just oh you guys so much with
the butter one heart will you marry me
marry me
