what's going on you guys keep you out of
camera here for Thomas here right there
and today is Mother's Day stuff guys
today it's still Sunday and the reason
the Monday vlog is starting up on Sunday
is because we got to go dude ugh a favor
tonight yes I don't want to do it we
have to come on dude do I have to or did
you have some we have to I can't go by
myself guys right now Doug is out of
town because he is visiting his own mom
for Mother's Day and he left this
message from Ridgid hey showed you where
the house key is if I'm not back Monday
morning my fish will start eating
themselves so please feed my fish so we
got to go feed Doug's fish you guys I
think it's hilarious number one that
Doug has fish that he loves and cares
for and they're his pets
why is that funny I guess it's not I
don't know I guess it's not funny I just
found it humorous number two I find it
funny that he's leaving this message
they're going to start eating each other
will you feed my fish so guys when
Mother's Day Bridget's doing a favor
from her father I am and so are you I'm
not going yeah you are I'm not going
rigid the place is haunted I'm not going
so you're really gonna let me go by
myself
no dude guys I don't believe in ghosts
right oh wait but this place might
actually be haunted
like seriously the place was built in
like what the 1530s
the 30s pretty sure people have died
there the last time I was in the house
I'm pretty sure somebody was on my neck
and there was nobody around bridges had
our hair touched in that house I don't
like it there ain't going I just decide
to be going by yourself my god
I'm not going guys happy Mother's Day
even though it's Monday let's get this
vlog started
man this road is creepy Bridget it
really is very slower because here what
electrical bracken dialing what yeah or
dear a fruitier oh I hate this road it's
pretty creepy Isis taking the interstate
if you like
yeah maybe instead of death highway what
it is I mean if you're careful you'll be
all right guys we are going down this
dark demented road that I'm waiting for
a clown diverse talents and you don't
like oh there's a cabin somewhere on the
throat are you serious totally abandoned
where dude I'm not sure but it usually
need to be hit like if you drive by it
you actually like see it
I do abandoned cabin yes like nobody's
in there I totally feel like this person
behind the kind of path why can't I go
in slow another one bad flaw I'm going
10-under
I go 250
so make a scene from a movie right now
close don't say it Michael
I'm really bad anxiety with that I'm
going to cry you're gonna cry
I would totally try this evil movie will
run us off the road and kill us
no sir Anzio Christmas I told you a
story a long time ago about cars that
fall behind you and then turn the lights
thinks you're gonna pull over Michael
don't say it
that's them right behind us hey I'm
covering all I'm scared
hello all right we're at Doug's house
right now it is dark and he has snakes
me too ordered where did you leave the
key in the door oh is that what I saw
something what
let me type of house is haunted what did
you say
yeah I'm going to the car cuz I play
that roaches bridges find this damn key
I'm trying to the light on oh how unlock
it here honey take the keys where this
key now what kind of snake to be half of
the deal oh my god is that a clown
oh my god there's a clown there's a
light do you like Daddy like all right
Michael find the damn key I want to go
in right this house it don't say that of
this let's try that it's just sitting on
a trash can this can't be the key try it
I want to go in but this are the keys
try it anyway
what was what what was what I heard like
a noise out there so I just turned my
car lights on is this how fun it for all
yes
ten people died in here what in this
hell in this town
I wanna I'm sorry that it's so dark you
go but there's no light in this house
this house will avoid of any light and
it's haunted
don't say the Haunted supplement leave
it hey what's up and go alright I
crossed in the cab you can
solo they should be fine you know this
should be good we're not eating
officials love foods like that are you
guys
Bridget seems to think of this house is
haunted so I need you guys to listen on
this camera and you tell me if you hear
anything is there anybody in here if
there is show me a sign
anything will they shut the door move a
curtain say a name
I'll see you might pick up a ghost to
check up a cab what to check out the cat
I imagine the cats in there so the
creepiness is oh my I'm sorry grandpa
Wow
right following you Thank You Adrian all
times I think it's safe to say we can
leave can we leave
yeah so I did not lie dog right what are
you seeing for real if I would have seen
it about should i cancel love guys what
I'm just looking I think oh why did she
does whoa you told the White House it
scared me
seriously you guys
aah if you hear anything in this vlog
let us know this is done now this house
is haunted
he's moving here tomorrow right yeah
does coming back tomorrow so I don't
know if we can come do a ghost hunt but
if you hear anything in this house let
us now look for anything
Oh
genuinely innervation is how it feels
haunted oh my god over time what why
Shawn
I gotta lock the door hold the ball will
you lock it your house is haunted
seriously guys we need to know here what
kind of snakes one miss yard
I'm not pressure he has Diamondbacks in
this yard you guys snake ghosts
right right okay guys we're going home
okay that's not I was just kidding
look at you guys I just find it creepy
that all we got is one Rose sitting next
to this empty chair what does it mean I
don't know is it anything I don't know
that one bull Rose those kind of goofy
we're leaving
okay my goal experiment we haven't found
since last night and I really want you
to tell everyone about the Gaston story
what gasps distorted you named fall Oh
the story you told me a while ago and
that's why we were scared last night
driving on that road oh the road story
yeah Labrador not mine no it was a long
time ago you guys I don't know how all I
was had to go do we got to do this in
front of the toilet hey now what is this
we don't have to do that okay
is this better what is this better than
in front of me boil it yeah yeah it's
loads better guys earlier in the blog I
guess we didn't elaborate on why driving
down the road with a car following
behind us was so terrifying so I'm going
to tell you guys why right now so when I
was a kid there was this big news story
going around about upping gas in South
Carolina that's why I'm from you guys up
in Gaston and gas in South Carolina
there were cars following behind other
cars and they would flash them and they
would keep doing it like flashing their
high beams and if you pull over they
would get out of the car and murder you
it was terrifying the rumors about there
being like devil worship involved in
graveyards and it was just genuinely
terrifying and oh my gosh it's really
scary you guys think a car following
behind you with the lights turned on
they flash you pull over and then they
kill you so that's why it was so scary
because there was a car following behind
Bridgette I made her think of that story
you're so mean
I don't worry God didn't you say a long
time ago yeah yeah it happened to mom
gloomy guys me and mom were leaving
Walmart one day this was like I can't
even win this one thing
99 or 2000 we were leaving Walmart late
at night one time and the car got behind
us and flashed his lights and mom was
like hmm God but here's my mom it's not
really dad and then they flash the
lights again and I was like whoa oh my
god so was that them I don't know they
could have been teenagers like trying to
prank people on the road it could have
been bad or it could have been them I
don't know oh my god Linda way that's
why the people followed behind us was so
terrifying because it was an urban
legend from my childhood but it's not
only her birth legend because it was
happening behind it is really scary so
anyway that's that then again how would
they know that if you pull over that'd
kill them or do they ask the dead guys
like hey big flashlights at you and
maybe they found the bodies of the right
I'm sure they found bodies but then how
do they know someone flashlights at them
maybe this arm is telling the urban
legend was the news lying to me back
then either way it's creepy there's
always ways to find B m-maybe there's a
witness I don't know guys
that's why it was terrifying okay I
wanted to take a second you guys just to
talk about Doug's house for a minute
because I've been thinking about it
since we came home from it number one I
don't think we're haunted here anymore
just because I felt like real fear in
his house I know it was so late oh it
was cold in there you guys I I said give
me chills the hair my arm kept standing
up that Saint Brigid lied about I cut
out of the blog by the way what the
thing you say I told you won't touch
your face I didn't lie then tell them
the outro because I don't want to do it
so when I ate it scared but I didn't
want to tell you guys we were
experiencing stuff in that house so if
you want to do a ghost hunt from Doug's
house smack the like button I gotta get
better equipment I can't just go with
the stuff that I have I feel like I
should get real stuff
yeah so if you guys want to see it back
to like when it genuinely vote either
like you know the picture that old man
on the wall i wouldnt caption on video i
don't want to show your family but I had
a dream about that dude I say it yes who
was that guy
cigar bah I've never met him while I
dream about him and anyway what was his
dream about I don't know he was like
talking to me and stop and out off I
don't like seeing dead people and dreams
give up it just served to scare me and I
don't like it maybe visit you because
you business head Bridget ha
don't you say that to me why first of
all that scared me
I didn't he didn't visit me it wasn't
really him in my dream did he have a
heart attack
yes what yes and in my birth year watch
guess that what he said in the dream
that he had a heart attack and he never
had to meet you
don't see that here outro what what's
wrong
Michael let me see it on feelings yes
honey
let me see weapon I got it guys I stand
a badger for a few minutes crying you
guys I told to bring the camera so I can
show my pain you know I can't believe it
worked so well
Oh has been booming stop it how does
that work it's just creepy you hey guys
you recognize me at all
oh good feelings no matter what you look
like
could you imagine getting imagine funds
like now you too little too ugly I'm
gonna have a dip out are you guys please
don't judge me all right guys we're
about to do the outro I've got to yeah
yeah yeah he screams like a girl did
well good thing I am a girl
well that's gonna be it for today guys
thanks for watching
last night was genuinely unnerving it
was so like that Bros gets me those
single rose yes that was scary guys I
was terrified last night
pretty much terrified about ten minutes
ago that was good
told you guys that pranker and I got
more I got more pranks a really good
wouldn't plan that's in the future
that's going to be a for today guys
thanks for watching like subscribe
favorite
well not everything but you guys and
babe yes I have something am i asleep
too
you don't even have sleeves guys oh
these are please okay I don't know that
maybe Madden I apologize remember click
like if you wants to do a ghost hunt
from Doug's house I'm really here we're
gonna bring a ghost over here we're not
doing it okay like just drop it here I
am favorite or everything to give us the
message oh you guys so much good bye
the vlog is over 300 years the log was
over
