what's going on you guys keep you out of
camera here the doors here right there
and today is Saturday today is Saturday
and today we're going to be celebrating
Mother's Day a day or limit of Cindy and
Bridget's grandma want to go out to
dinner today yeah what are we going to
don't know oh I'll give you one hint
it's your favorite restaurant in the
world are we talking about all of garlic
yes I want all of garden guys today
we're going to Olive Garden and before
we do that I got to call you out on
something what you got caught no wait
what what you're a liar
no I'm not yep guys you fit me
screenshots you posted comments
Bridget library all that fun stuff oh
please I would fill up myself
guys you showed me the law she told me
yesterday
that's illegal for her to drive without
shoes and she can get five years of jail
and I crumbled and I gave her her shoes
I just needed my students guys July yeah
got caught I want to thank you guys for
sending me the information she's a liar
you got guys different everyone's hold
on me like literally everyone hold on
they turned on you do yeah so thank you
guys so much for letting me know the
truth you can't go to prison for five
years driving without shoes can't get
her present at all it's ridiculous
anyway sorry today we're celebrating
Mother's Day let's get this vlog started
we're going Olive Garden I really don't
know what to do with that with the thing
I know right I would have worked I don't
know dude like what is the point what I
feel welcome joking never look oh my god
that's a baby little spider why are you
so scared of things like that you got me
guys I got a pigeon spinner and I do not
know what to do with it
what are we cutting your hair
I keep forgetting guys let me know in
the comment section what I can do with a
fidget spinner how much know what Dad
did you mess with it but I don't
freaking know what to do I know like
what if you know you probably love it
it's cold
well that was it guys and broke the
fidgets spinner seriously let me know in
the comment what you do with the physio
spinner more to go Bridget oh it jumped
on you
hey doesn't you know I see it the whole
time thank you RI you guys before we go
to Olive Garden I decided to give my mom
a call for Mother's Day I'm gonna call
her tomorrow - but I wanted to do it
today to tell happy Mother's Day
I miss your mom any - I'm she's doing
wrong she don't care about me she's duck
she's ducking my phone call well Kim is
her favorite she probably watching the
house on the prey right now and your
phone mm-hmm that was Kim ID answer
oh she ducked me you know I mean oh my
gosh she ducked me
the trousers OC answer and try this
again I what if it's an emergency that's
two in a row you better answer this side
I know right right now that's all hell
theme song oh oh my gosh
okay I'm not gonna try anymore third
time last try
last try this is Dickens we got to go to
freakin Olive Garden I know we keep
trying till they get here oh god my
phone's gonna be dead
oh that was okay that was it I'm done
mom I'm gonna leave the voicemail here
uh hey ma me Michael um one of the wish
you happy Mother's Day
call me back as soon as you get this are
we good yeah hold on I messed up you
stir and press one hold on all right hey
mods Michael uh your son Michael green
that you forgot about yeah you think you
can call me back I don't know guys time
for Olive Garden oh my god
is that what a kitchen yeah I got it I
got it you should have I don't
understand it does there another time
service I really know anything about it
I'll take them to school that's all I
can tell you because they're not allowed
to be taken before I eventually added to
my stress that it would add your Cindy
because she wouldn't enjoy how do you do
it in the middle everywhere people to be
friendly very cool please really out of
this
I think I could be my scraps she's
totally enjoying it but here we go like
do it maybe Nikki oh my god find out he
wants to kill me
oh that's really cool
like all eternity but I did feel like
dollars garden goal so cool don't say
that
come on no I met Michael was really guys
now go for everyone let's give you cut
americani up I should have a course
there I know maybe I would start pumping
on your chest
oh you don't even have to do
mouth-to-mouth resuscitation anymore and
amazing is to get under pumps a minute
really fast what I needed mouth I'll
help you out
well happy Father's Day you guys happy
Mother's Day here Michael Bridget no
that's um what they wanted to go if
they've all chopped out the war at
apples
oh my god he's not dead
oh my guys make all how bitch there's so
many people they're not gonna know what
you're doing I'm undoing my belt the
camera get wet I'm undoing my belt is
too tight okay well in the camera under
the my name okay we want another camera
I know yeah I just undid myself I'm just
taking the thing off you feel better oh
but all right Michael be careful I'm
filming car move can we stop by the gas
station for what just get to Dabish if
you put there then what do you need the
gas station
what will be a discussion a protection
precaution client protection like go
analyze them whatever you might need for
a layer for the full of like oh my girl
whoops I think she's talking about like
what's the better word I'm talking about
again good that's a good word
what other word on the Evelyn happy
Mother's Day
oh my gosh every Mother's Day needs a
mother's night okay I just feel this is
enough oh my god I can't get out of this
truck any faster my baby's like Sydney
weren't you with me when we went into
the vitamin shop to visit Abby when she
would work in there yeah you like what
extra work would you have any drug this
person their hands not that serves up
like grandma's real Union alright ball
because well yes we do want to know more
on Evelyn today now we know all of
garden is the natural aphrodisiac
hey Michael
Michael
are you sleepy No
you are totally sleeping with us evening
love you where you were playing without
they well as you were asleep you're
playing with office
like oh if it is what he keeps nothing
just go to sleep I'm not sleeping make
me yell for your grandma's or song he's
not good lipstick I wanted to enjoy
dinner that was a joke during dinner I'm
not tired I thought I'd get them
it's carb overload I feel it too every
time I eat a ghost
ghostly
you Michael
my god
Hey so everyone is like in a coma
it's a big deal yeah like everyone is
just so full me included so it's an up
and ESCO mixture old things cold though
ah he has ever decided it might be too
soon what's not new it's old but it
works goodness wait what is it burgers
doesn't work we're just recording the
making advertiser look at Alvin for
sample Facebook marketplace and only one
person's responded but I don't
understand what you say you say I said
oh hey my show for sale we reach eat or
smell them
I don't know what she's saying so I
think that Google Translate and the last
word is cool oh and I looked that up and
it means like oh what design is she
called it class you our I don't know
alright me interesa este art question
mark culo period s lo menos does not
mean I don't know I look up s flow it's
not even green in the dictionary
oh god what a beauty let me see it
attendee and we'll show it to the camera
and see if they can tell what's she
saying love it I'll get the bowl this
notes all iced tea today
by you without all of an oven it's okay
across the absences support your cooking
well there's no pop this helps it in the
face this is a combat no one thought and
the oven underneath and tell mewho what
it is it is a pretty good condition
though it's fair but it works yes it
doesn't work if you need comment are you
selling it for
I need a stove how much were you stuck
you know we were thirty books why would
why don't you cuss you out for that yes
maybe she's not maybe she is that oh
really conversation hey all right there
it is guys know what cities are the
possible what did you say I can't read
Spanish what what leave it send me feel
like a thumbs up first if you don't know
what she just is a thumbs up sewer maybe
the guy you're flicking you're all know
what is this lady talking up and finding
good luck it's 30 bucks some treaties be
very God very good condition absolutely
fabulous price it's not like updated I
feel thick ladies pretty powerful I
don't know what you've happened we
started vlogging about going to sleep
and then we're talking about evidence
for sale I only said LP to see if I can
trigger I will please get all upset it
again the oven this is so pop it is
combats comedy
ah she's got a point if that is a stove
in its both with the oven stove no
nobody
it was no patient what happened
so alright Jimmy yes yes everyone's like
a second minute okay I wish I would've
celebrating Mother's Day is your mom
camera out of my face outside damn it's
like I might settle down no sign no no
you're not a little dog
so you gonna be like Bella oh man okay
buddy
Tommy Gil come mcgovern I'm okay all :
well that's going to be a pretty guys
thanks for watching
Bridget your grandma's crazy dude my
grandma is just like a little crazy
she's more than a little she's a lotta a
lot of crazy she inspired Shannon yeah
guys you couldn't tell after I get the
boys from Shanna like I just love all
the Christmas decorations but that
Shannon's voice is right get it from but
you guys that's gonna be it Evelyn Cindy
Jimmy had a good time hanging out with
you guys today
Evelyn you're crazy but anyway that's
gonna be it like/subscribe babe honor
everything to us and mom I need you know
I'm gonna call you tomorrow yeah
and my phlegm to believe our message
okay OOP hey mom Michael callin again
you can answer all the Yemen in so do
you know love me we just really miss you
Tina
we miss you call me back I really love
to talk to you because you're my mother
and I love you like the guy
abran want everything together and happy
Mother's Day to all the mothers out how
do you Mother's Day guys including
Bridget the mother of dogs only go to
space you got me Mother's these flowers
right here are the Mother's Day flowers
That Bird insisted on bringing up on the
out per hour but there's sodium Winkle
happy Mother's Day
