what's going on you guys to be on a
camera here
Britta West not here and the reason the
bridge West is not here is because this
vlog is starting off without bridge a
wet and there isn't a jockey I gotta
stop saying the reason guys the of us
say the reason again guys this blog is
starting off without bridge typical I
just got a package right now she's in
the shower
we're going to get some Mexican food in
just a second and I realized she ordered
herself some dang shoes guys we just got
this in the mail now my birthday is
coming up but I know she Normie lugs
okay I know you didn't so hello Bridget
my murder all right you guys let's open
this box top seat fridge or you know
which it is a part that present for
myself
two pairs you guys
open up okay here I'm making a lot of
noise she's going to come in I have a
quick Oh bridgehead did you think I was
just gonna let you have been that quick
I had to go a week my hair like this and
you just get new shoes in like two days
I don't think so guys Bridget getting
pranked right now let's go give her her
shoes
are you guys I'm going to get British
shoes you now admittedly there are no
shoes left in that burn file that I know
there's no shoes left so my price here
isn't going to be as impactful as I want
but I am going to load the box villages
okay alright Bridget time for some new
shoes orifice any shoes left it all in
here there's not
that looks pretty good what's going on
you guys can't be on a camera here I do
us here
and let's get right into the day I'm not
gonna shut out the keemstar the greatest
youtuber in the world today today is
Friday and today um she had nothing to
say so I moved the camera back to me I
want to take a minute and apologize for
screwing up yesterday's vlog oh yeah you
know I don't know how it happened guys
when I was editing yesterday's vlog for
some reason I cut out like half the
intro I think Michael truly just felt
guilty for doing that what they're
burning your shoes yeah I don't feel
guilty virgin I'm sure you did it
swallows cut out it's probably in it
that's probably is why it is guys this
is what happened oh those are my shoes
uh those are my only shoes hmm
Dale Bridget are you serious right yeah
I burned your shoes and nachos I'm not
guilty by it because I love it I don't
know what this is presenting what this
proves guys today is Friday and today
we're cutting Michaels hair no we're not
yes we are no I'm gonna take it I'm
gonna live with us for a couple more
days because I want you to go without
shoes Michael I'm personally sick of
looking at your hair cut it maybe
tomorrow
no I'm cutting it I'm gonna get
separation anxiety I like it are you
attached to your hair now are using my
hair is attached to me Bridget okay are
you a partner with your hair now your
manager guys today is Friday and today I
got a little bit of surprise for Bridget
what is it you got something in the mail
all right Bridget you little sheet and
scamp okay I go yet agreed he has a
grievous guys she seems to think we made
some kind of a deal but here I am with
no hair stock your tween how about this
you can have whatever's in this box if I
can wear a hat the Mexican Deveny
absolutely deal yeah guys we've made a
deal I'm wearing a hat and we have to
agree that sometime in the next couple
of days we get some new hair clippers
deal alright it's all yours
go for guys bridget is unboxing oh yeah
I never had eggs before like I don't
know anything about ugh well here you go
folks
where's you got some new shoes what here
what is that hey guys Bridget got some
new shoes I mean I could my god
what is it this right here is the wood
particle who aren't your shoes enjoy it
i intercepted the package you'll get it
i intercepted the package i through your
other garbage there's a trash and I cut
them up no you didn't yep no you didn't
just a bit no you sit in yes oh good
where are they i cuddle I cuddle with me
here all you guys on vlog just watched
me cut Bridget that you're gone are you
serious yeah you can't order shoot any
how to have your hat or not I'm joking I
put those away where are they
you'll find out tomorrow
oh is it that big of a deal I've gone
logged with my hair like this your
choice so I suppose you like to cut it
well you should have done in the first
place now it's my choice when you get
your items they're nice - actually
they're really nice shoes are they I've
never had a pair all right there on the
cabinet behind you just cereal and stuff
oh my god okay so your dad just posted a
status on facebook fo I'm twist tonight
making trailer to pizza what you should
make a trailer trailer trash' the hell
this trailer park cookbook launch which
I'm making trailer trash pizza out of
the leftover oh my god oh my god
understand me oh that is hilarious
dad please da Vinci is not called
trailer trash pieces it's called trailer
park she's dropped our phone guys we're
going to fans right we're going to get
some Mexican food
yeah it's pretty low right now I might
wait Taylor just pizza what is that I
don't know all right you guys Bridget
just tried to lie to me on camera and I
want to get your opinion aside without
lies yes you clue how I did my guys
Bridget says that she can go to prison
for driving without shoes I can what
kind of prison time like up to five
years and I get pulled over with no
shoes it's illegal and I go to jail
effect applies guys I need to know the
comments section if she's lying to me or
not I stack in a bunch of time guys
leave it a bunch of times if it's a lie
ok click why you're going kids because
they know I'm pulling the chick who is
like you here with a prank Bridget again
I'm just so mad in there right quick
like a baby yeah because a lot of quick
lines of my pink Michael I like men oh
they're clicking like to prank you guys
click
like if you want me to prank Bridgette I
enjoy doing it it's been fun
you've got to be lying I'm not lying
it's true and I don't want to go to
prison because you burned my shoes so
right now
Bridget and I are sitting here at lunch
walk around and bridge Allah mentioned
there's somebody not here
we made a place for Doug we didn't show
him that he's 50 here stone Oh Doug
stood us up folks
I don't get it you stood us up not here
Doug we ordered your food just stood us
up you didn't come you did not where is
he maybe it's my loss to the buff as I'm
a patient I was spit out the group towed
it to you really so Cameron Ricci flow
she just like wait you damn fruit does
where are you it's embarrassing present
I know I looks like an artist Rihanna
Travis it does a really Diana Clues
rebels and refat in fact two different
colors are three bad people I'll be back
before three mixes buddy oh hey Dad
Frankie you're so serious tear a hole
bulldoze homie coming down okay I'm 29
oh my god there is there's my bad
where's the perfect time hey Mel
we thought you split us up wouldn't do
that but we might excel for lunch you
didn't show up
yeah telling your little boy little
lately
you should still be hot though an hour
until Dean yeah and a drink
normal absence would you use that one
for now and around a fork and of course
you're not forgetting today are you guys
we just got back wait wait we'll hold on
we just got back from Walmart you guys
and if you're wondering how that
happened we're about to show you right
now you ready to try to save try to save
it no pickles
I go twice a crap oh jeez that is how
the roasted garlic happened bridges not
wearing shoes though I've been great
how can we save these pickles can't yes
we can
Michael no I'm throwing the cameras what
I'm doing I want a portable pickles
without the baby we have sicko
so you make all the rules now huh I'm
just trying to help you out can I have a
piece of glass pickle cheeseburger no no
pretty right now thanks let me keep
telling you I wish to pick a little
felling of what this channel is how to
be for my beauty okay you want some
shoes I feel bad idea
here's the thing you got me worried when
you were telling me there's a chance
that like you can be arrested yeah
by driving without shoes yeah I can get
up to five years I don't like that bro I
know that's fine names shoes anyway
we're cleaning up this mess
cover poems I'm really mad at that
pickle thing just having you guys
I wanted to show you what happens every
time we open up our freaking hatch when
we get our groceries out like okay
you're ready Bridget are we prepared and
usually worried about savings and now
the pickles doctors a nut you can
install but I don't know how to that's
the only reason
there's a net but I want to do with it I
don't know how to hook it up I think my
mom I wanted to take a minute real quick
you guys to acknowledge something that
we got in the mail some of young end and
it's awesome and I wanted to acknowledge
just because it's really cool so this is
from Shannon and Justin and I'm not
pranking you when I say it's from
Shannon it's actually fresh so fast
named Shannon first thing she sent is
this kid behind a camera sticker and
Harry Potter font and the reason I
decided to put this on camera because
usually we can't put everything on
camera because so much stuff comes and
people get really upset with you when
you can't you know acknowledge the stuff
that they send and it becomes this
heartening and so we have to not always
do it but this was sent and has to show
because a lot of people pretty soon are
we thinking a part of the Illuminati a
necklace with okay so on the symbol of
the Deathly Hallows on it which if
you're a Harry Potter fan it's all
tangled up hold on wow it's just like
your tattoo yes Bridget very good yes
that's the same thing okay Michael
you're getting so super hahaha yes you
guys this is my tattoo this is the Harry
Potter symbol from the Deathly Hallows
and I wanted to show this on vlog
because a lot of people going to say
Illuminati confirmed
oh yeah let it happen they happen imma
bust it so I need to top it on this way
haha yeah anyhow baby yes okay I can't
ah man I want this is taking really long
oh it won't forget I'm not gonna wear it
in oh you already had it
ah hi guys alright folks
there it is guys I know about you but I
think Michaels in the Illuminati stops I
don't know I got me upset for a second
no you guys not Illuminati Harry Potter
also I can't wear this like a choker let
me take this off my next too fat for
necklaces shut up Michael but I love it
thank you for sending us this is cool
now then Bridget while I put this back
together or cover the lens are you guys
it's really late the film was going to
look very weird in a few minutes because
we're turning on fluorescent lights here
I wanted to warn you ahead of time
that's what's about to happen now it
hasn't happened yet but it's probably
going to what what do I so what was
Bridget's idea just not a play Vance
Wilma that should hit me I'm sorry I had
to open it this day started
fuck sorry give me the shoes back you
guys guys never see their slippers
handsome you know they're slipping right
off how finally we are cleaning up this
gigantic mess are you sure I can't save
any of these pickles I must what to hold
something yeah that oh this is great
yeah I got it I got okay
let me me lazy no filming yeah guys if
you're in a relationship and you're a
vlogger let's all you got to say I'm
filming that's what I do all the time
you do do that yeah yeah so guys Michael
is only why me to film this so it would
be helped
Hey oh you know you could actually help
get that Mel oh man
and then that man Oh going in Oh Oh God
I don't believe you scary like I scared
you what a possum about oh that was
funny oh my god
my grandmother's coming tomorrow it's
gotta look good
altro well that's gonna be it for today
guys thanks for watching
had a pretty good day it's a pretty good
day my favorite part was eating Mexican
food and scaring you
you know my favorite part was flying my
favorite part was tricking you into
doing the outro next to a garbage can
guys it stinks so badly dad you're back
in your way
what are you doing back where you go guy
economy's has no I am NOT I want you to
smell like it then guys that's gonna be
a forget I smell like trash mmm don't
why do I sink it now because we may
young as what we were out that'd be
really embarrassing guys think oh my god
she made a face no she didn't
that's gonna be for a damn tired of it
that's gonna be in okay like subscribe
favorite don't everything for to us and
remember click like if you want to prank
Bridget oh good take like if you mean a
pink Michael again excuse me they've
already going to click like for mine we
can't confuse them leave a comment if
you want her to prank me okay and click
like if you want her to keep going
there's a love you guys marry me guys
divorce for the American guys over
