what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here but do I see Yeah right
there and today is Thursday today is
Thursday and today for the first time in
a long time I'm telling you guys a
throwback Thursday story I'm not going
to spoil the surprise not gonna tell you
what it's about okay I will tell you
this about time of burn my hair went to
it that's later gosh you guys are gonna
like it I hope embarrassing that later
Carmichael before we get into the vote
today I do want to take a minute to make
fun of Bridgette what yeah of course
why yesterday's vlog I thought it was
very funny
ah now my favorite theme in yesterday's
blogged you guys we are shopping in the
grocery store and a lot of people
pointed this out to me I didn't even
notice it Bridgette bare feet in the
grocery store no shoes I don't have
shoes I know when I forgot to film
altogether I'm glad I captured it guys
this was yesterday check this out for
everything
Bridget wants to cook for dinner you
guys what do you think it is seriously
take your guesses what do you think she
can make with all
and if you're wondering by the way why
she doesn't have shoes it's because of
that are you guys now comes the part for
a little bit of bad news I didn't want
to do it right on the intro so I decided
to do it right after the intro
bad news you guys we're not going to be
able to prank rap off this week what why
because the trolls ratted us out what
people are telling him you guys have
been telling grandpa so we can't like
sell anyone anymore
no hey you guys are sorry we're gonna
have to probably stop telling you guys
what our plans are because people carry
it over to Grandpa I wanted to try to
include you guys but it's hard because
ever it tells them so I can't do the
prank this week hopefully how about we
just say this will never print grandpa
ever again no cuz they're gonna believe
and get mad we are pranking him again
you guys I don't care you know that but
it's not going to be this weekend so now
I have a void because I don't have a
video for this weekend I was hoping to
have to prank as my video so now nothing
hmm God you got any ideas where's our
city thing oh I saw some videos on
YouTube about it it's like this busy
thing about scoop or stress or something
busy things yeah looks like a ciggy
thing I spend fidget spinner yeah
they're just better I have seen about
that actually
why don't we that what is it I don't
know let's watch more videos on it where
do we get it uh that's a Google ad okay
so here we are entering a video we don't
know what it is where to get it is it
legal I imagine is legal why would it be
a legal guys we're thinking about doing
a fidget spinner vigeous burner fizzy
thing whether you are doing a fish a
video you guys let me know in the
comment section one what you think about
that number two where we can get a
fidget spinner and three what it is and
why people want to see it because I
actually have Lena
think about it people were asking me on
Twitter get grandpa fidget spinner is so
weird guys let me know in the comment
section what you think
I don't know where to get them what it
is how to do the video let me know and
we'll do the fidgets printer video
comment section below guys I like it I
think this is cool
cut what do you think he doesn't care
we'll just be silent for a second to
transition into the next scene are you
guys I'm sitting here with angry grandpa
and he is about to try the revolutionary
new Taco Bell product I know you hate
talking about relaxed
hyena it's not it's not to double click
companies yeah yeah that was like
talking to you Dorito there's not a
Dorito folks Taco Bell has chicken like
a Dorito you like chicken don't you yeah
so here we go folks
all you have to do grab a cheetah
different chicken Cole well it done
couple hours ago when you probably got
last night I got a couple oh oh are you
serious is it that bad
right there we go I'm gonna try it now
yeah okay
maybe stupeed is fighting try wrap
cheese you come on spit out skin
laughing Laurent come try the CG a
little spicy on your rap that Chile's
done I'm sorry don't need no more of it
Muslim inherently you want over to drink
no yeah why not well I do you I talk a
lil one zucchini I need to tell you made
up what is you're going to open that up
against Taco Bell their foots up on your
thumbnail so you need to hold this thing
up on that one of all it's got every
genius
Oh how's the something listen Bridget
good bum that while crap it wasn't
recording with no forming oh yeah it's
not you have to hit record oh oh yeah
give me do it
oh it's just cut off in Arnold on hang
on I'm all right Leroy um yes it looks
down to Rio it's chicken we got to get
this on there ready we did get the
others because of you dang I don't have
it okay night come on Oh got a nail nice
I'm wheezing nice being here
I'm believe it why yeah I didn't get the
thumbnail too damn bad you get one Ethan
okay
you want something okay oh my god oh
jeez man where's you try this now I'm
good honestly nobody likes it for me you
won then
Yoli garden so OS
verdict so
guys cuz the worst thing I've ever had
no one know what's - working your hat
basket that dams diggin Burger King hey
what was it
I remember Holly want to remember do you
remember Lauren 13 yeah one he is very
cute I was a virgin he just likes so not
that so I never threw it up and sent it
man Cheetos yeah all right well that's
worst thing I've had yet guys you heard
here do you like it he hated we're
getting out of here we're gonna talk off
kim jung-tae you hear you hate it that
much I'll never eat again
don't give me 2 del Taco Bell you sure
you never eat it again :
I'm not home - excellent mine is because
I here is no minute yeah that's pretty
hot actually
ok so did you get the UH the text
message of all the food idea that's in
the idea what do you think oh my god I'm
leaving one bar what do you do tomorrow
night on Twitch I'm gonna make a
trailer-park pizza are you really and do
it live oh no you're gonna you kicked
off at which I know it you're gonna burn
your hands or something you could you
know get rid of me they could you got a
reason to if you're like breaking
something screaming and cussing oh whoa
let's get you out of here that's Ron I'm
telling that's rock
Oh Oh
how about we talk I walked through it
and it held it did you kill Oh would you
say how a struggling calendar oh that
says the channel director Skinner ah I
think you still got that this office I
keep forgiving that garlic is right I
hey anything that can take what from the
smell you did over there I know I'm bad
that's bad yeah what God is like Rob
yeah sure what that stuff okay I'll get
it as toxic I'll get I'll get rid of it
okay times the twisting the varlets oh
you tell everybody
so got seven o'clock govern the nine you
are like an old man going to a buffet
who goes two o'clock in the afternoon
for the next we do I'm gonna start doing
at 9:00 okay I'm outta seven o'clock
Eastern all right you're making you're
gonna make the pizza for em trailer-park
pizza but did you get to listen for the
other stuff yes
may you need to leave me alone I should
ask the question as I read order to get
it oh my god she'll get a call I read
what do you think is it good stuff guys
one of the ideas we're talking over you
ain't don't say it I don't know why get
her ideas
it's food no oh my god oh no were you
going why we're gonna make it near sweet
though sounds good to me
cancer question what can I cut this I
just know so you still got that don't
you
so will you've not cared if I cut it
okay I can cut this okay hey guys you're
gonna cut that day I were to care I'm
not happy are you gonna go to deal with
a gear now I feel like it's how I like
it
we're like separation anxiety what's
going on someone's stealing a call do
some jobs if it's bad no I had no idea
that I was what this well I had no idea
either there's a crazy fix today let me
shut the door for you no it's a 1960
Rolls Royce okay did you just fart again
oh yeah
oh I saw him like shifting around inside
the cohort oh my god Michael I dare you
to go sit next to him ring you dare we
dare you I'll do it quick quick here we
go
I guess up the door it's tube oh my god
ah we good
the socks out here yeah leave it down
look oh ah
Oh Florence out the window let's keep
out of breath
Oh
but as fine that one
she's out the window Michael it was
ungodly yes yes it was Oh God both come
from a throwback story wait
well here you to pick that sauce of
putting the trash that's almost going to
be it for today you guys but before I
get out of here I wanted to tell you a
throwback story because number one I
haven't done that in a really long time
number two
Kimberly reminded me of it today when we
were laughing about my haircut because
it looks so awful okay so she reminded
me of the time that I set my own hair on
fire and now it was a total accident
okay much of an accident as it can be
okay I was playing with fire which by
the way kids do not play with fire
nobody ever play with fire yeah I never
it's not fun you're going to set
something on fire yeah don't do that
that's the one thing about fire is it
sets things on fire so don't play with
it to understand this story you have to
understand how weird of a kid I was
cause it was a very weird child yeah I
heard some terrible weird stories just
were the weirdest was the fact that my
wrestling room when I was a kid was that
bathroom so you know I have the
wrestling room upstairs
that was that bathtub and his up he was
not allowed to have a bathtub anymore oh
my god a shower that's what you'll use
oh my god the bathtub belongs to me
so anytime that it was just me in the
house or nobody was in the bathroom I
would float my wrestlers in the bathtub
and I had fake blood and household items
and Woody from Toy Story and Buzz
Lightyear ah I don't know what I'm doing
so for some reason I was a Firebug and I
would use cologne I would spray cologne
because it was flammable and I would
light it on fire and dab but I was come
in the bathroom you really did Cologne
again tonight
I would always get in trouble so I took
his brick that's what he likes the most
Abreu I would load it on the table
and I did this one day two three tables
my staff little toy wrestling table by
the way folks no real tables and I lit
them on fire
anyway it was high and I leaned over it
oh my god and I put it out it went back
to the living room dad found out I got
yelled at I thought I was good I went to
school the next day and my teacher was
like what happened to you like what what
do you mean your hair in your eyebrows
what happened yeah what folks it turns
out the flame lit my hair and eyebrows
home fire me and I have little singed
hairs and apparently i stunk I smelled
like burned up iron no I don't know why
I didn't notice it myself
it was really dark when I got ready for
school I don't know nobody noticed
yeah then again you did wear that a
garbage shirt and he didn't really
notice that garbage jerk he found it
like behind the dryer
yeah did I ever tell this story hey guys
one time I found a red shirt behind the
washing machine and it had been lost
like a year and we found it it's excuse
me fell sub worried about the cost no
I'm anyway guys I found a wrestling
shirt behind the washing machine it was
covered in mildew and holes they looking
at Dalmatian it was a black shirt white
all over well and I wore it to school oh
no I had no awareness of the case why
with making war with my hair half way
burned off my eyebrows half way burned
off and the teacher was like what
happened to you was everything okay dad
found out I was embarrassed I had to
shave my head and as revenge
dad shaved it sort of like this and I
had a certain a stool for a few days
with a mess of haircut oh no oh yeah and
then when he shaved it back the rest of
the way to fix it
I was skinhead bald oh my god so that's
the story the time that I let my own
hair on fire totally by accident I lit
some wrestling toys on fire it went up
burn the hair off my frickin head so
anyway that's the story let's go through
this outro well that's going to be a
pretty day guys thanks for watching I
had a really good day and I'm pretty
good day I'm gonna Bridget hung out with
Grandpa a Taco Bell this is a pretty fun
day yeah I really like Taco Bell
Jericho's not why cuz he doesn't like it
dad hates taco buddy it's a personal
vendetta listen it has to be right what
happened
what's him and talk about I don't know
he just does not like anything they do I
don't know what Dad it is what it is
tomorrow night grandpa's on Twitch
that's going to be it for today guys
thanks for watching smack the like
button if you made it this far into the
vlog as I suppose you guys before really
dramatically helps us out with YouTube's
algorithm right now so I'm not going to
give some reason like click like for
this just click like if you made it this
far into the blog show some support to
us because we need it that's going to be
it for today you guys thanks for
watching like subscribe favorite alright
everything for doing dad eat some tacos
is good I know right I love talk about
me talking that thing wasn't that action
was not good yeah what is your favorite
thing to talk about guys let us know in
the comments we're random outro guys let
us know your favorite thing to Taco Bell
I'm adding here mine's the slushies
