what's going on you guys can be out of
camera here for to us here right there
today is Wednesday today is Wednesday
and today
rizz and I are starting over we have
been fighting and arguing and just been
going head-to-head for the past couple
of days but you know today is a way
better day today is it good it even
feels better it really does it feels
like a happy day I feel I feel good I
feel relieved I know I feel ok brother
I'm sorry for the anxiety we have had
with each other for the past few days
I'm sorry for really overreacting
yesterday but depends we're starting
over today is Wednesday and today if you
did not see the video we uploaded on the
angry grandpa show channel guys grandpa
fried candy bar egg rolls you heard that
right
he wrapped candy bars and egg roll
wrappers and bribed him and yo they are
freaking crazy I just find it so
creative like I would have never thought
it's very different the best thing that
he made though there was two things that
he made it really good the first was the
Milky Way with marshmallow cream yes in
the second the guys he made a straw
fried strawberry marshmallow cream pie
oh my god guys it was so good I can't
even explain how good it was guys stop
the video right now check it out here's
a preview of that oh wow hey what holy
crap
ah guys go watch it check it out
delicious treats and he throws me out of
the house and a whole bunch of crap
happens guys check it out but today is
Wednesday and today I'm cooking for my
man and I'm worried about it guys I
don't want to I want to ruin the recipe
but it's stoner food okay
hey guys we're gonna go to the store
guys is a type of the right now okay so
haha now I got it swimming no it isn't
it's cute you think that cut out of the
wall okay guys so Michael thinks if you
drink anything else fuck up it's just a
lot less calories but he gets like five
of these little cutters but you
distribution thing it's gotta be less
power
I just think it's adorable but mission
how many calories in this I don't know
how many would you say less than the cup
um I don't know
so Mike will fight you simple math okay
is the less calories of this as there
isn't a cup yes why thank you but you
have like 10 along so that would equal
more than many cups I think I was never
very good at math alright everybody it's
time to start taking the guests what we
are cooking what are we cooking can't
tell them okay I can't tell you guys so
Michael things stoner food and it's not
this is freakin crazy okay
I want your guesses right now what do
you think we're cooking we're gonna
start showing you the buggy we're gonna
start making you take guesses I'll give
you a head Philadelphia loves this and I
don't think the restaurant I think it is
sure my grandma says so guys anybody in
Philadelphia after you see what this
recipe is let us know in the comment
section if you liked it jesse wellens
the food we make in this block today is
this something you would eat I need
people to tell me right now you think
everybody said I'm calling bitch I've
had it before and it was really good
guys we're going to the store fuck it
then New York Strip the casting matter I
mean not really but I like then yeah so
do I was less fat also like ribeye yeah
good reliable to use it for the cheese
this recipe I want to do it it's cool
and I know it could be really good
everyone's looking at you I know I was
looking I got no hair wrote shaved it
all miss mass I'm just kidding
there's like no one working she's got
one right now are you guys here is
everything - this is that's for me this
is the ingredients for everything
Bridget wants to cook for dinner you
guys what do you think it in I seriously
take your guesses what do you think she
can make with all
it so this for two now I just smacked so
it's not everything into focus for
pretty much everything in the buggy is
for gosh you guys what are we making if
you think grandpa's fried egg rolls or
stoner food wait till you see this
you said the first week using your
grandma yeah okay grandma Tara wanna
wish you a STONER ah let me know like it
may be yes no it's a Philadelphia dead
I told you them telling you I'll buy
that well it's true it's the truth it's
just like one of those tricks like
Google know what somebody post on
Facebook if you don't eat ice and
ketchup you ain't from Oklahoma I feel
like it's one of those things and I buy
it
matter fact I know you're tricking me so
no law no Michael a joke and I know it's
not you're trying to get me to eat
something goofy and I'm gonna embarrass
myself
Michael I'm gonna eat a four so are you
guys it is time for Bridget's little
recipe so first he kicked up one is her
steak I've never seen you cook meat
before I have cut so gosh she does not
cook so we're gonna find out yeah she
even trimmed to thank you guys nice job
so you got to stake in the little bit of
olive oil and what is your seasoning
some pepper that's it that's it
and it's olive oil nobody notice that
like when she's like in like TV mode
some pepper sauce pepper anyway right
now six cookin and this is the fries
guys who do you think we're making it's
exactly what you think okay this is not
telling her food you want to tell me
what it is okay guys so my grandma loves
this recipe and she's hoping we'd make
it if she's got that this steak and
fries salad and it's very popular in
Philadelphia she loved it
only everyone loves it and you had it
you love it too I've had it before it's
really good
guys this is a salad with french fries
and steak okay it's exactly what you
thought it was when you saw love it
yeah that's what we're having open it
I'm flipping it guys I hope it's good
oh nice job you got to see you're going
I have never made steak before I'm
actually really nervous for you go for
medium medium well or well you know I
don't know
definitely not rare we're not
interesting for a lot of medium well I'm
hoping to be back
all right so probably only a few more
minutes in haste area yeah did you see
how fast I cooked well this all fogged
up all right right here you guys we got
some basic like salad mix this has got
like some cabbage lettuce carrot
Brigitte add a little bit of red onion
to hers cheese you see we're here you
guys Bridget shredded up this steak
looks delicious
I tried it dude and I'm going to tell
you right now we're just first time
making steak mmm good yeah glad you like
it it's so juicy
how'd you get it so juicy I can't make
steak are you guys next up is the weird
part
it is not weird fries it's on a salad
virgin hi your eyes do not deceive you
steak fries on a salad it's good
Bridget salad is first she is adding
ranch dressing over to hers I will not
be adding ranch all right bro it is it
good guys here all right is it good and
Valentine's I did you guys a favor
you're always asking me to cover our
mouths while we eat so take another bite
hmm I want every week are you guys I'm
disgusting okay this is a creamy Italian
dressing was they has a little too much
I think
how's it a cheese element almost mmm I
bet yours is really good seal all right
folks
let me show you everything in one bite
so I guess mistake I got some salad
dressing you got some fries I don't have
a salad yet hold on got everything in
one bye folks
oh my gosh hey good oh I want to try
yours I never had with cooking Italian
I'm holding for a thumbnail right now by
the way dude how's it going
yeah my Jesus calm down I will get rid
of all this with the creamy Italian
boomba
daya Oh God I stand corrected
this thing's delicious are you kidding
me when I was in New York City you Paul
Heyman had me put salad on my pizza and
I was like oh my god that's gonna be
horrible this is delicious and now I'm
like this is going to be horrible and it
was delicious
cover the lens it's really weird to me
that this was like a northern thing
thank you guys this is the type of thing
that belongs in the saddle yeah like
gravy fries it's like the open orders
dude it was in this it's like somebody
was like I want him saladin I don't you
give me just let it keep it right some
french fries steak and cheese that hey
guys this is really good I'm shot of my
sauerkraut oh my god not even self
whatever okay so what exactly is food
this is your ribs short rib yeah I mean
agenda you mean no soul rajendra yeah I
did clearly that's not right cutting
then shorten the short read about really
mmm
Letendre you made that yeah yeah room
your rib crazy guys just a second ago
grandpa randomly drop by and dropped off
some dinner so we'll see how it days mmm
I know is good what you imprison by
these things would be in reals you're a
joke
well I just want me to plate so big oh
wow
and that good I know you did it
everybody pressure cooker just a
pressure cooker well guys this freaking
delicious yeah I was really good whole
point of a two boy and chicken - oh yeah
that's chicken is that brush booger no
oven
yeah I'll throw that over the huge
cometh row it away okay I'm joking no
don't
it's so fun so for the remainder of the
vlog how much don't eat food right now
laughing a minute
not really I don't know what that means
what do you mean we mean well me what I
say somebody call me my Twitter stream
last night yeah I get that and the guy
said grandpa my body's got a prank on
you well prank you got on me Michael bro
you what I tell the internet oppose
wanna prank you
well Curtis God you did you put it out
there we were just pranking yeah I'll
tell him the prank okay come on now
don't ya tell me why I was going to put
salt in your coffee now do that now yeah
we're gonna do it again I'm out of ideas
yes yeah we're totally out thanks a lot
Twitter yeah they tell me everything why
would they do that
god I cared about grandpa
so don't be glad that we're not we
already told you I was depressed cause
I'm an a boy got to number these live
streams they're ruining our print ideas
I love live stream what I'm bad
that is gonna be such a good one to
michael salt and coffee I was also going
to the hundred ways to love a cat
part three obvious as ever now I can't
do it well quit talking about yourself
oh damn thing your blog I'm gonna have
to there are 100 ways to yeah hey cat
100 laughing ways say one is what ID
house for them 100 love and in words
there are 100 ways to lower had 100
loving ways or no way to it happen
singing this song 100 loving when I
thought off you go 100 now anyway okay
I'm done
you recorded all that reverence now
they're crazy Lobby court knows I
recorded it hey you guys you ruined the
prank song coffee
yeah 10 no more stop talking Brigadoon
are asking Bridget see what this time
you play up you plaintiff I can you
understand me
I won't you understand me son so I can't
son yeah thank you Dad we definitely
want I ask you anything
hey we won't prank you alright
yes we never well glad I got Twitter
they tell me everything I mean that's
the last time I pranked you anyway yeah
for a while yeah you'll give you garbage
up I don't know I really don't know what
all that's about actually feel like a
feeling Terminator like the newspapers
are blowing all over the place
oh my gosh
oh that's been there for over a week
bridgie you ain't picked up the salsa
Michael I thought you were going to it's
been there over a week and okay Michael
may be used to do right now I'll get to
it
how'd your fridge judge it and that's
why I don't want to do it um love you
let me to say yes I'm not pranking you
call me later
I will Bob Bridget bye I wish I could
prank you I guess we can yeah now I got
your numbers man well we're gonna have
to do a Twitter un8 here soon then yeah
we do we're gonna do a guys Twitter Q&A
coming real soon
grandpa's out of here just keep critter
TNA huh there's a critter teen a critter
TNA huh Twitter QA o QA yeah why'd you
say yes we did you thought as a critter
TNA and I don't know so beautyrx then
you say why would you agree do you think
yeah we do guys II was on the coffee is
that mud daubers thing huh I'm gonna top
huh look that look at you receiving okay
almost at the end said that Bradley
hanging up I don't know what that is as
a dirt offers desk
what is that is goodbye what is it it's
like yellowjacket instead of Oh what the
dirt dollars anyway thanks for coming
dad
oh I love you love you too call me later
I will keep filming
can you believe that I can't believe it
hey by never prank you buy bragging for
nothing I get on your good haha we're
pranking you
oh yeah what are you guys thinking you
told him on this freakin twitch that we
were pranking him this close this close
to telling about that snake prank yo
we're going to pull this really soon yes
oh my gosh
oh my gosh he doesn't do another stream
until what Friday Friday yeah oh yeah do
either Friday upload a Saturday okay I'm
sweet that's salsa yeah we'll get it
later
you know I almost saved I saved it with
that whole hundred ways a little cat
part three thing ah you did oh my god
did you notice she still hates Michael
let's do it come on we have to do it a
third hundred ways to Lubbock cash part
three yeah that's up to them that's up
to you guys guys smack the like button
if you want 100 ways to love a cow like
wait three guys let me know if you want
it I gotta think of a really different
way to do it yeah because it is a hard
video to pull off it's getting harder to
keep them locked in a room listening
food so guys if you know a way let me
know in the comments section smack like
if you want it we're going back inside
you almost ruined the prank
