okay guys so all morning I have been
looking for Michaels shoes and I can't
find them anywhere and I remembered he
said that he was gonna be sleeping so so
I'm going to go in and see your chair
oh my
Hey are you doing cool
I'm putting your shoes off a little
young to me know what you got one cue
back just do my shoes bro thank you
one of us fill our shoes already got the
hair does it matter y'all trust me no I
was just putting them off like what
project are you doing yes it's a guy
okay we're good but leave me alone oh
yeah I saw that
do you eat in your sleep you're gonna
cut that out now
Oh dangerous Oh clearly awake I'll just
leave them off I'm going back to bed and
I don't trust you
hey my Shah give me your shoes you gotta
go in your shoes why are you try to take
them well I can burn mine buddy
no it wasn't what's going on you guys of
the home
I got a jolly rancher said okay what's
going on you guys keep you out of camera
here four doors here right there and
today is Tuesday
today is Tuesday and today nice fried
what guys if you didn't just see it
Bridget Roger she said it was keeping me
from being able to talk she tried to
privacy's right off my feet while I was
sleeping I was trying to make you more
comfortable you're not a good liar I can
always tell I'm shiny we're comfortable
guys she tried to pry the shoes right
off my feet and if you're wondering why
Bridget tried to pry the shoes off my
feet
cut the shoes and the shoe process can I
say why the real reason is because if
you didn't see the blog we uploaded
yesterday I burned her shoes right and I
was just trying to make you more
comfortable
guys I burned her shoes yesterday as
revenge for this okay because you did
this to me I burned your shoes you don't
have anymore
and you're not going to get any more at
least for two weeks
that's that upsets you yeah guys Bridget
ain't got no shoes I've set him on fire
and now I guess she was trying to do the
same to mine
original I would kind of like it is on
fire what was the goal and then put them
into closet and just hide buy shoes for
me
now what other weather guys today is
Tuesday and today me and Bridget about
to go to Mexican to have some lunch
ooh this is gonna be good no you cannot
have any shoes I can't go we're going I
had to go to Ryan you're gonna eat
Mexican food guys let's do this guy's
Bridget refuses to go have Mexican with
me and let me give her some makeshift
whoa not too tight I'll try to make it
like you know I don't want to come home
and my feet are blue that's not going to
happen one nail on to your feet over Oh
guys you want the toes wrapped up to you
or not
no the pills are fine guys okay that's
enough I guess I just feel
claustrophobic now I can't believe you
you think this is like better than just
going bare for you Michael it's gonna
protect my feet oh my gosh don't worry
we'll get it people pointed out to me
and I didn't know it before why isn't
your shoes just a slipper do you have
regular shoes no you just don't like
shoes no I'm just a simple girl I'm a
simple girl one pair is perfect where
Babylon shoe loving um no I mean they're
kind of classified as slippers and so
you what they're like 11 dollars at
Target do be not like is it not hard to
walk a loose
oh there's cookie but I I no longer have
them and I fell target no longer sells
bomb are you serious yep they show a
version of them but maybe should only
Vaughn replacement her off sooner I
probably said oh how that like I mean
I mean I could try and try sticking like
the spoon against your foot
sure gum from the ball yeah hey this
could work
okay so this is a nail you're walking
the parking lot college isn't she that
hurt
oh I'm excited salsa Mexican food I did
burritos and tacos and cheese dip how
you feeling Bridget I'm feeling pretty
good how about you
what do you mean you guys not reminding
me that my hair looks like this how do
you feel I feel um hi we're going on our
way right now to a Mexican restaurant
like this guy did alone it's you know
mine is that noticeable so I'm sorry you
got paid socks on birds everyone's your
look you didn't have one n-no come when
you have black socks I don't have fun we
gotta go man I'm hungry
don't worry we're gonna get a couple of
freaks in a table eat dinner together
okay it's too windy
guys grab some dinner I was like really
insane the waiter staring at your head
like that well no no I know luckily my
feet are under the table so you're kind
of a lone right now you have everyone
standing in the parking lot
um so I hate larious over filming
they're probably staring a new babe and
hitting the ground Rico they were
staring at you in the parking lot right
you know plug it's that thing really
hurt it's not that funny
it was amazing I wish you would have
helped me out are we gonna help you
better hold on laughing and you
shouldn't help me out you should help
your girl up I did at home mmm-hmm hey
kiddo I mean I'm hoping that that person
was taking a picture no dude that'd be
the best I didn't get your filming I
wanted to vlog it you wouldn't let me
recall what it would be horrible god is
good really I'm not only nothing it's
only right now yeah what are you telling
it's just filming I'll be eaten hell
yeah anyway what happened you in the
parking lot guys nothing happened
you guys we're walking to the freakin
restaurant in the parking lot and
Bridget stepped on a jagged rock and hit
the ground and it's so bad and I was
just hosting recording an emergency
yeah it was your oh I look like a weirdo
hi you want to park them on ground yeah
but you don't have any air not my mom's
really good guys like what is this
beauty I'm just kidding are we like
breaking up what are we breaking
breaking up feels like
yeah are you serious ah nice no it was a
nice nine years Oh
so on I guess calling over home and I
think is that's how I could give thanks
no this is not breaking out okay so I
fell I fell in the parking lot
Michael start blasting at me and
everyone else started laughing at - and
I said nothing nothing I'm doing nothing
I'm taking your wrestler
I'm taking your wrestler I'm taking them
what do you mean you should have laughed
at me there's a parking lot parking lot
you fellows hilarious when is funny you
my foot still hurts
well I felt a wall out before you have
to me I helped you up I didn't really
laugh I helped you a reason I'm throwing
later I know you're not hey yeah yeah oh
you're not yes I am Michael I don't have
much this is what I have stop touching
it
hey project stop all I had on my shoes
Michael world walk Brigitte usually
plays with toys so what so what you need
to grow up
oh you can assure low light you throw my
stuff away
nice I want my kids back you love there
is Alberto quad I lose a piece it back
together
go ahead I got some super glue in the
kitchen figure it out and started
repenting your hair a lot I'm glad you
did it you gave everybody but what they
want that's what you did they wanted it
well sewed it off what is wrong with you
June
what is the deal Bridget yeah
can we just come together to prank dad
yes he already made me mad can I get
shoes not yet I'll let you cut your hair
you will get shoes when I cut my hair
okay I will absolutely cut your hair for
you give it a couple of days okay okay
right because you have to go over soon
I don't want to break that yeah is that
lesson headed I hope not it feels like
it I like it it's a prank war first of
all let me give you some advice if you
don't destroy my right with you I'm sure
the right I'm sorry if you're gonna
destroy myself do on a sleep that's the
way guys in a few minutes we're going
over to Grandpa's house he wants to cook
something for the main channel which is
what we're going to the store for not
prank stuff
yeah and whenever we're done maybe I
should buy some hair clippers no they
don't want it cut okay they're laughing
at it but we're fighting over it no
you're and everyone told me to go for
your toys by the way I just took their
advice everyone told me to go for your
hair should I take a note by oh no you
should not take their advice I'm gonna
grab another shirt go to grandpa's you
want some fries those candy bars up and
then we can just do whatever can I have
a hug yes what for the camera
I'm sorry I just I I miss you late like
being with a bright Ridgid again Michael
come on quick like come on I'm still
really mad right now goodbye re yeah my
little wrestling room I was just taking
our dorms advice and I'm sorry truth I
don't buy it I don't know if I should
buy guys let me know in the comment
section you think she's being genuine I
don't think can we go to Dad's sure guys
head over to grandpa's house we were
doing a cooking video I am being genuine
by the way okay I love you
Eliot off camera going over to Grandma's
Oh what I see her so bad there I think I
loss of circulation come on
do you feel like how lightheaded yours
are blue Michael take it off brake die
okay oh I can only get it so hard you
want me to just rip it off huh
just do it nicely you're the one who
want to take one of these ha ha yeah
it's to protect me from rock but that
didn't really work
I know anyone so bad so so much better
there huh all right let me give you a
warning ready yes
next time you shall do it be more
wrestlers again I will make sure the
circulations going what did you do that
are you serious no I'm good
did your foot okay the help trying late
are you here to hurt me oh all right Wow
Wow it's all konso oh my gosh I feel
like my feet can breathe okay slow down
now today
oh why did that my cells my feet please
gonna sauce them out how they hurt so
bad
a liar is a liar it doesn't have a smell
I think you've invented a brand new
touch a liar come that one well that's
gonna be up for today guys thanks for
watching we're about to go to Grandpa's
house to do a cooking video if you're
excited about that click like you guys
been asking for cooking videos this how
we're doing it do you even know we're
making I don't know like it's like a new
way to fry candy bars I'll let you guys
see on the main channel tomorrow I mean
it's really cool it's gonna be cool yeah
hopefully hey it could all blow up in
our face would be effused to that
hopefully not it's cool whatever you
came up with it looks cool
you guys have to check it out though
guys I want to take a minute to
apologize to you guys for having to
watch this self destruction that's
happening between us and I'm like I
don't like it either it's over some
stupid pranks while we just get dad I
want to we should and I kind of like
your idea from the other day but in case
you can't do that we could definitely
think of something else
best we can definitely can that's going
to be it for today you guys thanks for
watching gonna get out of here had a
pretty horrible day we all I just sorry
bad day
I'm gonna get out of here like/subscribe
babe put on everything to us and thanks
for watching you guys we love you smack
like animated this I'm really sorry guys
had to see that sorry
