the light this light bridgid I can't
sleep with that light on
I guess Lee what the goes let's turn the
TV on then okay okay
happy how's that hey you guys wish us
luck hold on dude what did you hear you
can't keep doing this the dogs are
whimpering this is too late you can't
keep waking us up with these noises it
was a bomb have you been to sleep I have
been why is the TV turned off
I turned the freakin TV on what's going
on dude you can't like be scared to
every noise burger we can't live like
this go to the bathroom I'm not getting
out of his bed check the bathroom no I
was looking for
oh my god there's a spirit a spirit
bridge we gotta get out here the spirits
coming I'm joking
can we go to sleep now please Bella
we're all going to bed okay babe can we
go to sleep Bridget you're just scaring
yourself okay okay I'm turning the light
off now oh we can't sleep with the
lights on it's off dude okay goodnight I
love you okay let's just okay that's it
for today you guys oh wait a minute this
is the beginning
we're sleep with the lights on tonight
that good with you please turn the
lights off no what hey how about an
intro what's going on you guys get me
out of camera here - yeah right there
today is Monday today is Monday and
today you've got to change what was
disgusting at this point what are you
talking about it's worse than my hair
what are you referring to your shirt how
long you been wearing a month okay
everyone it's been like a week number
two I washed it misil's in here I'm
serious I'm cutting you off why do you
keep saying that
hold on I didn't spin it right okay Oh
little odd when you sir oh this is hair
coming from okay Michael okay where'd it
come from
today is Monday guys if you didn't see
yesterday's vlog somebody was at our
house I don't know who we got a call
ring I agree we got to get cameras in
this so guys we have cameras at her
house but they works it's like a we got
whoo we got
yeah thanks a lot ATT those cameras are
garbage absolute garbage and I'm I'm
filing a complaint that's why I'm saying
I don't garbage I need to complain about
this damn cam it's going on a year but
I'm complaining today guys today is
Monday and today I don't know who is
that our house but we got a lot to talk
about
I know dude
so yes I'm filming why because that's
what I do i film dumb things yeah but
there's nothing to film I need to know
was it you that turned the light on why
do you keep asking me okay Bridget cuz
it'll make me feel a lot better if it
was you Michael I would remember walking
to the shed and turning on the light
okay maybe you didn't forgot it was you
just say there was you which I didn't
turn on the damn light I'm thinking it
was you what are you hiding in the shed
what am i hiding it what are you hiding
in the shed you're the one who was in
there if it was me I would have burned
the frickin go we'd okay
it was neither of us that it was an
intruder and that means we need better
cameras okay because these stuff work oh
my god don't destroy it up it's you're
gonna I can't do it dude speaking of
cameras Mekons a second sauce what does
that have anything to do with cameras
like anything to do with champs wait
yeah second one saws is the second one
is this shet Szechwan psycho on a
dishwasher swish one second while Rick
and Morty sauce yes when it's there
today only every McDonald's is a
thousand bro we're going McDonald's
right now you forgettin liar
what is sector-wide sauce is available
tomorrow not today you got my hopes up
oh I'm sorry yeah I've been waiting to
try second one saw special on sauce one
sauce I'm recording you order I'll tell
you that
smack the like button if you want us to
get sector 1/1 whatever sauce and you
want me to film Bridget or you're wrong
that's the point
smack the like button you guys yeah
let's do this tomorrow sex once which
one rick and morty sauce really quick in
the vlog you guys number one i want to
plug the merch if you haven't seen it we
got angry grandpa merch kid behind the
camera merch camera crew merch and for a
limited time only the angry grandpa
tribute shirt guys if you haven't gotten
it the link is below that short is
available for like another week right
now
or like a week and a half and forget but
guys it's going really soon dad I love
you I hope you're proud of everything
now speaking of that what I really want
to do right now is talk about that fan
Jonathan that was I gotta take a special
moment of the vlog to talk about
Jonathan bloom dude Wow guys this guy
wrote us yesterday and he got an angry
grandpa tattoo now usually I would tell
people look don't get a tattoo is
forever because usually people get it
like I love somebody was someone getting
a tattoo on the face hello like please
don't do that
never do that but this was amazing this
is awesome this I approve of check out
Jonathan's tattoo you guys how cool is
that that's got dad's signature it's got
the logo it's got his face it's it's so
amazing oh my god it's because of stuff
like that why he never will die why his
legacy will live on forever why angry
never dies because of God because you
know fans like him young uns like him
family like him guys seriously I can't
say nothing you know I can't say enough
nice words about you Jonathan dude I met
you I actually met this guy in Brooklyn
and he was super cool he was super
down-to-earth and just nice to meet you
man thank you so much for doing that
that's so amazing you're so amazing for
that you wanted to meet you but once
again you skipped out on a trip
i we talked on the phone cover the ones
bridget is outside she okay guys I think
she's hiding something I didn't turn on
the shed light okay and she keeps being
adamant that it was me like she's trying
to get it off of her
no I didn't turn it on one that means
she's hiding something so Bridget
whether that be like a prank or
anniversary so I was thinking about
something too long
sweet Felix like what oh just some ideas
hey what are you doing what do you what
are you doing what are you hiding what
are you I that's wrong fill me what are
you hiding you were listening to me
you're hiding something you're hiding
something clearly are you watch the
footage you are the one hiding something
I'm not hiding anything you don't trust
me anymore yeah I trust you but I'm
investigating the shed tomorrow okay
you better get what you can out tonight
that's almost gonna be it for today you
guys can we get me out of here just a
second but before we do I wanted to take
a minute to talk about some of the stuff
that people have been showing us from
the vlog some of the spiritual stuff
that we've been capturing now Bridget is
actually outside right now and I want to
do this in front of her cause she's
gonna actually freak out so some of the
stuff that people have been picking up
on the vlogs that we didn't hear or see
while we were doing it is actually kind
of worrisome like the other day
Brenda was recording me at my office and
behind me you can actually see the door
shut or open note the door opens now
could it have been one of the animals
yeah but the problem is the animals were
in front of us at the time or beside us
we were aware of where they were so I
don't know how did
opened check this out I don't why don't
you look at the sign I don't know how to
explain it the door shut now it's not
just that it's more than that and
yesterday's vlog when we were out
looking in the shed people told us that
they heard a voice say Bridget and at
first I didn't hear it but now I hear it
guys this was from yesterday's vlog
check this out
tell me what you hear I'm not gonna lie
I was really scared like an animal it's
gonna pop out really yeah we're going on
why I was really scared like in the
animals talk about really this stuff is
genuinely like getting under my skin
scaring me because every time we get
involved with this stuff it just goes it
feels like it goes too far and I don't
want that to happen this time I don't
want it to get too far you guys we're
gonna be doing this outro with just a
second what the alarm who set the alarm
some things are best just left unsaid I
didn't set the alarm by a better good
disarm it because birch is gonna be
coming inside and she's gonna be
wondering why the alarm is set guys
we're doing this outro
they have been freaking out for super
freakin 10 minutes now yeah I know it's
weird
Bella what are you doing babe what are
you barking at what is she looking at
the question
the director looking over at that tree
running out there with the Backstreet is
I don't like that
nice I like the light full house
I like a red light at the pool house I
hate whenever we get involved in this
stuff you guys because it seems like
stuff just starts happening and starts
happening and my mind starts running
like I think we need to go find that
Ouija board that we never buried and
freaking bury it dude they're still in
the pool house guys should do another
seance your dad's not even in town when
he's back he never did the seance he did
he did a little seance and things were
like fine what's a onset he do does
Ouija board he threw in a burlap sack in
the pool house and we never did any did
anybody forget this evil spirits go away
evil spirits go away evil spirits go
away evil spirits go already
don't touch it leave it right there evil
spirits go away they're still here okay
and as soon as we could try Doug we need
you okay
I hate this outro well that's gonna be
up for today you guys thanks for
watching yeah things are just not
getting like I'm gonna drop it guys it's
been scary I'll just say that it's been
really scary guys I don't know - do we
deal with it that's what we do I'm gonna
talk to a freakin psychic when they go
to like New Orleans we're good
what you can't go why do you keep saying
that you can't go I'm gonna be too
scared come with me it's a trip to New
Orleans come have some fun they got a
good fried chicken I don't like fun this
is so true you guys okay I'm like
begging oh my please come on a great
trip and she's like no I have fun at
home I love home I love home too but
sometimes you just get away from home
they got a good fried chicken New
Orleans I just want to taste hey I'm a
permit I never left Michelle well guess
what they got good crab there I'll
consider it guys we're getting out of
here thanks for watching
I don't know what that stuff was last
night I don't know what the dogs were
barking at tonight I don't know what all
that stuff was that we caught on the
vlogs that I'm just now telling Bridget
about I don't know you didn't hear the
scene I did it before hey guys
they've been find all kinds of shutting
doors voices dude it's Kate you'll be
able to sleep tonight no the light is on
i'ma tell you that now like subscribe
favorite following everything but your
eyes and that's it I love you guys
