what's going on you guys give me on a
camera here Brett so West Nadia and the
reason the president is not here is
because I told you guys yesterday that
this vlog is no start off with a prank
on Bridget and that's what I'm about to
do you guys this is Bridget only pair of
shoes and I set him on fire
Bridget you're going to have no shoes
for the next two weeks
pay attention oops Olli stained
I got him Doug oh boy how many pairs
were you expecting she doesn't have
anyone pay her she only wants one
parachute speed so don't set him on fire
yet we got us she's got to see them
unlit so she knows or her shoes
I can't imagine she's gonna reach into a
burning fire pit for her shoes
Oh Bridget she shouldn't know they cut
my hair Doug you understand that so how
am I gonna how do you think I should
stop her from buying new shoes in the
future should I tell her like tapes car
mm-hmm I feel like I'm being controlling
then but Bridget I could tell her that
if she gets her shoes buys a new pair of
shoes from a store or something that
it'll be a lot worse
I'll like cut her hair or something hmm
are still listen Doug here's the deal I
want her to get to about right here
before you leave it because then she'll
see you split she's not going to come
after it and she knows it's her shoes
now your the question these shoes stink
really bad are we going to damage the
ozone layer by releasing Bridget's foot
toxins into the atmosphere that's
possible sorry guys it's for the greater
good though you understand what's going
on you guys can be out of camera here
Fedora's here you're in a good mood
aren't you I am
I told you guys yesterday if you didn't
see the vlog that at the beginning of
this vlog I was going to prank Bridget
and unfortunately it didn't happen
because it wouldn't happen
you were just used to like there yeah
it's too hard to drink the Bridget so
guys I couldn't do it no I'm sorry I let
you down there's going to be a short at
your apology and Olli understand
president you gonna make me have to
prank you're not painting me then don't
act so like smug okay smug and I have a
right to be small because I couldn't
prank you bright guys today is Monday
today Michael did not thank me yet
or did I what I can't go without shoes
Michael watching dad make a fried
chicken and we're going to have it and
he's gonna flip if we don't know I need
my shoes what you want me to do there's
one possible thing
Oh smell some stank earlier and I get
foot stuck in my throat
what what I know where your shoes are
where are they
didn't I tell you I was going to write
you where are my shoes the shoes you
seek are outside
I prayed for a jet through a sieve
outside see put my shoes outside whoa he
got me see ya what are you doing no she
come she's coming what are you doing Oh
what do you think was doing Bridget why
are you doing this it's a little late
Bridget shows up those are my only shoes
hmm Palmdale Bridget are you serious
right why don't I only shows Michael I
told you you're getting pranked now
Bridget oh yeah does we ever need to put
this out with Nick we ask you know what
walk in here you feel the rise anywhere
you feel this if you notice walk Swiss
cheese no guys we got her I'm not going
anywhere you're going to Sunday dinner
no I'm not yes you are no I'm not yes
you make me miss the fire I don't have
any shoes you have shoes right there
they're just engulfed in flames
nice job Doug
oh that is fantastic this worked out
better than I thought it would everybody
guys when I told you I was pranking her
yesterday I knew she was going to have
no shoes you see prizant my goal was for
you to go two weeks without shoes since
I got to go two weeks I'm not going to
eat without kids let me let me ask me to
guess you think you know why your pair
today right yeah you do that you're
waking up bald can really burn
there's no no way there's no way he did
go that was really where my soo
hi why is my hair did you think I I
really went into partnership yes oh yes
you want another look yes well plank
they're in there somewhere planning
around okay Bridget you're not going to
feel bad about this okay all right if I
can walk around a public like this you
can walk around in public without shoes
don't worry if I see like a needle in
the ground or something i watch you now
Michael you're not going to feel bad
those are my only shoes yeah I was gonna
say that's a Bridget favorite shoes does
I feel like those are Bridget's
favourite may only shoes okay how long
have you had those shoes a while mmm we
got it done
what it looks all up a whole cooler the
thing we're trying to save your shoes no
thanks I'll get you back what oh I'll
get you back are you dressed I'm telling
you I'll get you back go ahead oh well
it's bad just remember this was me not
being vengeful all right seriously
doesn't inferno
there does are Oh
good smiling I'm in a good mood why I
feel vindicated
whatever you went oh you're just gonna
give up like that yep
don't worry I told you I had more than
one prank for you this week what there's
more time no there's more
Michael hey nice all hey we got to go to
Grandpa
ready yes what do you aware of your feet
nothing nothing I don't have anything I
gotta cover the lens guys we're going to
grandpa's this is pretty cool buddy
making should photo you do know he
called and told me the whole plan
Brendon what is it plan this right here
is angel food cake
he's tore it up into pieces he's gonna
put the strawberries over it over the
cake then some of the strawberry glaze
and lovely whipped cream Wow
oh I don't believe that I think it's
gross this is crazy you never see dad
make dessert yeah now and you guys he
knows how he knows how to make dessert
hello enough you do too I hear one time
dad days to this day the best brownies
have ever had yeah and that strawberry
pancake it was in trail with you guys
and he had no recipe okay he was like
everyone knew boo boo that and you're
not supposed to do that while you're
baking you know you're right those were
good brother made you just threw them
together and I guarantee you can't make
them again I don't feel good I just know
you could tell funny but I was trying to
challenge him and I guess he just
understood I can't do Hey
I agree with you what happens if I take
a strawberry nothing none Gela purred
No yeah yeah little bit
so strawberries get more flavor as they
said yep
dad just gave me the rifle berry in the
package whoo ready Oh Evan what's he
going on here
we'll eat this is just a second Wow oh
that looks good
yeah man dessert is good at grandpa's
off the old bridge is very jealous Rico
Angelo God I'm really jealous I'd give
you a bite but so people with shoes on
me Michael no shirt no shoes no service
click on shirt no shoes no service hey
you little floor dweller all right you
guys dessert is done it's time to show
you so strawberry it's a throw together
strawberry shortcake wow it looks pretty
good man this is good I did and we got
extra glazed and whipped cream that's uh
so if we wanted on your district oh I am
excited for dinner tonight hmm
we got fried chicken the night we got
dessert we got all kinds huh
well let off your finger yeah no oh my
god guys bridge can't have it cuz she's
got no shoes lace all those huge Jews I
burn down here why because of my hair
well he burned my skids I can't have
shoes for two weeks
Vicky Melbourne my shoes you got
something else in store
so do you did you say soda live here
after you man
close it well pop thanks for having us
yeah come on you do yeah that's pretty
good
being your hair looks good watch out
Bridget wait there's rocks all over the
porch
I want my shoes come on Doug we're
leaving hi pop I love you son let me see
your ticket looks so good
yeah I'm glad you do a strawberry thing
that was good I was manage really good
we'll go together
yeah you just do that hurt hey maybe
need a thousand shoes she just her feet
people about shoes
yeah yeah I really oh how the feel
Bridget oh it hurts like why are you
hurting me I'm not hurt you're literally
hurting me right now Oh guys walk them
to the grass or something right no guy
they hurt so bad Michael how does your
daughter
their life think I got some test cake
yeah don't pay for her feet
you would do that hey let's do it don't
please have duct tape
I won't able to have a touch date with
you
all right kind of okay with that
anything these rugs hard daddies
fakeness I want this is not what the
Baris expect my god it's not as bad as
your freakish hair one of us are sitting
on the ground like a big man it hurt oh
oh you have duct tape oh my god all
right Bridget oh that tapes in it let me
know what you want a hug I'm good to me
Oh Oh little closer hello Michael how
this hurts a little closer it hurts
really bad you know what hurt the guy
laughing me at Ryan laughs I get it
Durban break where do be doing the outro
in just a second but before we do the
answer I want to take a minute to talk
to you guys uh for anybody that thinks
that I went too far with this prank
because I set her shoes on fire I need
to remind you of her history of getting
away from being pranked turning us
against each other making us prank each
other and not her guys I'm not done
pranking her ok click like if you owe me
a prank or again this week click like if
you wanna do another prank because I'm
not done burning your shoes is just the
first prank I'm going to get more pranks
you guys I'm not done I don't think that
I went too far all I did was set her
shoes on fire she has to walk around
barefoot for a little while guys it
isn't like you know we live on a volcano
and she's gonna step one freaking lava
you know if it gets bad she can have her
shoes back ok and if it seems like we're
gonna go somewhere where she need shoes
we'll obviously you know get you but for
right now she don't got no shoes and
that's how it's going to be and I think
I'm going to go to a restaurant cuz I
want to see her in that restaurant with
no shoes click like if you want me to
film it if we go to a restaurant guys
we're doing the outro but first this is
a shot from earlier we were trying to
pick some thumbnails for the vlog anyway
let's do this outro
Bridget you got no shoes and I'll be
honest I don't feel bad about it I'm
actually kind of happy it was very very
fulfilling watching her walk through
grandpa's jaggedy rock driveway I'm so
glad we filmed it guys left into this
outro well that's going to be a for
today a guy thanks for watching I'll be
honest I had a pretty good day
I did not have a good day guys
Bridget thought she was impervious to
being pranked the reason is that you
thought I was going to do some
traditional Oh somebody broke into the
house no that's not what I did I burned
her shoes yo I'm gonna talisman hi Oh
Bunyan is the how do your feet feel
right now hey guys day one without shoes
complete for Bridget went my feet hurt
alright guys I don't want to say it in
the whole vlog I did get you a present
new shoes for Bridget sometimes the next
couple of weeks you want to shave my
head yeah good I don't want to shave it
a little bit take yours
then I must have yours now you shave my
eyebrows I shave yours mine is yeah guys
that's gonna be it I told y'all Frank
and Bridget I got her and that's not the
only one this week that's gonna be it
yeah I got more pranks and you'll be
barefoot the whole time ok that's really
be it guys tomorrow frizz and I going to
a Mexican restaurant for lived for
dinner
she ain't got shoes
they are like I'm not going like I'm not
going yeah yeah you are
if I had to go to Ryan's like this
you're going to the Mexican place
without no shoes on let's wipe your feet
and tape like bye subscribe
oh fucking anything bitch it wise and
guys really dude follower cuz we're
gonna be pokin updates on horrible feet
guys love you what are you acquire
something my black skin Oh what here
