what's going on you guys Tippie on a
camera here for joy yeah right there and
today Michaels day to better be so rude
I don't got to be so rude who would you
do to my head
your dad did that to you
let's drop it I didn't do nothing guys
if you didn't see the blog by the video
we have a little gesture day on the
angry grandpa show Bridget and grandpa
work they got me good okay you got me
really good you look good I don't know
why you're so bitchy
there's no no I do not look good no I
don't look like a mute oh I think you it
is what it is guys I'm starting to
accept it uh I mean you know like hear
that it doesn't bother me I think it'd
look good good and yesterday's vlog I
told you guys that if Bridget or grandpa
did not help me fix his hair then I was
going to make life time so that's what
I'm going to be doing I'm letting you
know ahead of time I need you to know
okay his face you're getting pranked and
you're not just getting pranked you're
getting pranked tomorrow Michael how are
you going to tell me this like I'm alert
I know now the IDIQ the idea that I'm
doing is so good that you can be alert
you can be alert all you want unless
you're saying all night yeah what are
you doing Oh baby should have had next
to me I'm trying to lose it guys she's
getting pranked tomorrow I have a really
good idea let me know in the comments
section some other ideas and maybe I'll
get our second time this week I don't
know this is what having I don't know
guys I accept I look like a brick my
forehead looks like it okay you feel bad
I'm not gonna feel bad tomorrow and
bridges getting pranked Maxim bike but
you're excited you all you want to give
me a hand
I don't want a hat I'll live like this
now for two weeks because you're gonna
be doing the same thing what are you
guys right now before we do anything
else in this vlog I decided to open up a
horse look you're gonna be what laughing
tomorrow like a stop don't hurt my
feelings oh you don't have any feel
don't everybody
you got one feeling less and I'm working
on it tomorrow guys hey or blog this is
my favorite kratom again it's my
favorite too hmm
we should have short put it aside
we should really like prank your dad I
see what you're doing Bridget what I
caught on bring every time what can I
have this box okay buddy are you guys
the birthing in this box is a pin from
scream what what is so funny
yes I think what's your favorite scary
movie you're laughing at me
I'm gonna enjoy tomorrow a little
figurine from Evil Dead - that's pretty
cool I didn't know there was an evil
Doug - that's evil yes it's not so
remake oh okay a DVD for puppet master
free obviously the puppet master movies
in a really long time never heard of it
and another written never heard of and
the house of flop here I never heard of
eyes are these how weird I look you look
good
stop okay it's hard good wow that is so
cool-looking Court of the Dead poster
collection let's look at the Bela Lugosi
shirt here eligos was tracking out here
nothing scary about biting bela lugosi
how about the faith on I was a creeper
Bela Lugosi ah I'll be honest it looks
more like a Rey Mysterio shirt that's it
for horrible off you guys we got the
Bela Lugosi sure we got the poster
looking up the DVDs we got some freaking
pens we got the figurine horror walk
okay be honest yes
like really honors yes I feel really bad
for your hair you should I dunno I feel
really bad how those doing what put the
camera on me cuz I know you're still
filming yes I'm so funny I'm getting
pranked tomorrow
but I actually feel really bad getting
pranked tomorrow okay guys grandpa's on
his way over right now we're gonna be
going to the grocery store why what are
you getting stopped first I get my
strain can I do the scene real quick I
have to make a correction I just
embarrassed myself more what well that's
real funny hetnet I was saying was Bela
Lugosi it's not Farhat - there's already
all the see of comments stop laughing at
me guys
correction it's enough for ought to
shirt not about me I'm get your prank
hey are you guys right now we're going
to the grocery store fuck battery yeah
when you're long as you carry batteries
with you everywhere guys right now we're
going to Walmart because we what I don't
know what we're making but I'm excited
it's coming for grandpa's corner whoa
Loulou you go me look like that oh my
god let me hit on my hat give a towel or
something I can't walk on one with a
towel why God God you look fine you
legal need look like that but he looks
good like I think you guys can you go
get a hat now I don't know they offer
I don't do any out here from of the
storm so I don't know what you're doing
actually would you shut up and steam you
thank you what I gotta get but I don't
know we're closed - no yet
why not you'll know what time guys
he won't tell me what it's cooked in he
won't I wish what can be behind dude
Why What let's go glad I said
some bears things should i film any of
that you talking about what you get in I
don't care
anyway don't do it they've got the damn
refried beans so it's like a taco recipe
yeah and a candy bar candy bar wait a
minute you just Brian candy bars again
shut up call
what about tell you that no y-you don't
need it one thing okay I don't know what
else to get that you don't need that
okay you know you're rude yeah you other
good I get it honestly oh yeah this is
nice
I don't want to doing right now just
follow me come on let's go where we
going
so what are you looking for I'm looking
for zeros and their mouths I write
you've got to be like that yeah you're
zero are you before zero bar and here's
another zero bars
you're still pointing at me you're
putting everyone's a minute will you
okay so zeros hey how about some
Eminem's
you think I would work
they might work with other packages it
was today
what did you want Matt how's that for
polar owning toes a Totoro me Toblerone
what the hell still wasn't Obul wrong it
won't fry well I can tell you that I
love
well aren't you happy well what else I
got you I don't know that's all rich
people candy I can't eat that I'll win
it to fulfillment out here right now I
think I did eyes had to ask you a
question what let me help you with these
what do you think about we march back in
there and get some hair clippers no I do
and Joey nobody nobody needs air cut two
weeks you get a haircut that's too long
I don't think so how come you even ask
me what I'm doing good you got all this
weird stuff because I'll be right back
well they're back kind of a damn
groceries sorry
and you what are you doing
none of your business you basically let
us cook your fingers guys we're leaving
and they can't hear because of the wind
my hair was jacked up huh I'm taking you
home
how do I get me a hat huh oh yes wallah
they are not right what are you doing
looking at myself why what do you want
Michael we can end this right now
how this yeah I can get Clippers you may
end it with this I can get some Coopers
what is he go from the store what when
did you get in the store
which I don't want is that my crank book
Bramblett with dad before yes what did
you get at the store he's planning a
video for this week and kind of video I
don't know what kind of videos not
you're playing okay he has a freaking
new cooking idea you want to start we're
going to do it on the main channel this
week okay hmm bye your prank for just
all the stuff your pranks are here why
is what are you doing I don't know what
am i doing you're getting prank legit
Michael I can get a hair clippers now
Bridget I don't want to cut my hair they
want it they're enjoying it they're
laughing at me and that's fine but they
could be laughing at you two tomorrow
hello Bridget I'm not going to doing in
your hair or eyebrows Thomas yes
swear on my life I swear to Allah I
wouldn't cut your pay
all right yeah I'm not evil like that my
phone your guy I wouldn't cut your
eyebrows because I couldn't upload that
on YouTube because they wouldn't like me
uploading that they would have a problem
with it so I can't do that but you would
do it oh yeah I didn't have a problem
with your eyebrows at the gate here yeah
why would you do that to me
look I'm a girl you're a guy I'm not
doing it
my plan is different I got an idea plus
Marissa comments must start reading
every comment guy let me know in the
comment section some other prank ideas I
got a lot of ideas I'm thinking at least
two more pranks on you this week come on
I'm gonna take a shower
want to take one with me is this she
getting it folks and by getting it I met
she's getting pranked
mikeycal guys just now Bridget was
trying to make all kinds of deals to get
out of being prank
why are you telling on me because why
are you trying to get out of being print
I don't like being trained Bridget
byssus you're gonna see you I promised I
would you tank me why would you point me
know what to see you pay me you made me
go to Ryan's yesterday with no freaking
hair dad maybe go to Britain Walmart
today with no hair dad drove off with my
freaking hat afterwards you guys you you
really got you got under my skin with
this prank usually the pranks don't
bother me okay
even the eyebrow prank I'll get used to
it after a couple about of three or four
days I thought I used to it I'm not ever
going to be used to it I just accept I
accept what's happened to me now you're
gonna have to accept what's happened to
you no don't prank me it's going to be
or anything you want you're getting
pranked getting pranked guys I promise
you probably at the very beginning of
tomorrow's vlog actually the very
beginning tomorrow's vlog I promise you
smack like if you made it this hard
that's like from by this it's not empty
it's I mean empty prophy it's happening
first thing in the vlog tomorrow you
guys
Bridget didn't go away get away what's
your job make him tomorrow
running up to me to ask me you're just
trying to get info on the prank I can
tell what what if you making my decision
don't eat this why because it's like oh
it's like a day oh this is gross it's
like eight hours old Michael you might
get sick please stop
you want nothing I feel like you'll love
me anymore
I don't feel the love I think you hate
me God do you see what she's doing
she does this off-camera every time for
total brightening her I just don't if
you love in you or I feel like you love
me you don't really feel that what I
think you hate me do you really think
that look a little slimmer face let's
see the genuine I think you is you're
laughing about it I should look a liar
let's see Bridget you're getting price
to success yeah what's do ya know my
plan didn't work this time
well that's gonna be up for today guys
thanks for watching pretty good day
I've accepted my hair I went to Walmart
I looked weird it is what it is it has
not a road day
oh it's been a great day for me keep
rejecting me I didn't reject you don't
love me yes I do
none of my plans are working as I like
it every time it's coming close to prank
and hearse you weasels are way out of it
so tomorrow I'm trying and it's not
working out of Isis
well I'm wise to it everybody in the
comment section with a hey look what
she's doing the cameras dying in 15
seconds you're overheating hold on
anyway that's going to be it for today
you guys
the deal is tomorrow bridges getting
prank ox5 wrong but it's happening guys
it won't happen and it's gonna last
about two weeks like mine what guys
that's gonna be a guy
here your hair would take like six
months to grow back I couldn't do that
to you guys that's going to be it like
subscribe favorite home and everything
for you us we prepared
