what's going on you guys Kibby on a
camera here four doors here right there
and today is fun Friday today is Friday
and it's not going to be that fun
because today
grandpa's cut my hair off bones I think
it's a blast
look okay I've agreed to get my hair cut
I asked you guys in the blog yesterday
if you want a grandfather cut my hair
y'all want me to click like okay I'm
gonna do it I need you to promise me
that isn't going to gouged me in the sky
I promise you can't keep that promise
can I know he's probably gonna do it
just try to talk to him okay
no gouging of the skull I promise I'll
try talking to him every time he cut my
hair II hurt all day I'm like I don't
want that to happen again on top of that
you guys what kind of Doug pair I don't
think he's happy about it is he unhappy
he was pretty unhappy he wants to grow
his hair out well it can't happen okay
done you can start over from now yeah
guys today is Friday today I'm getting
my hair cut and today so is Doug if you
didn't see the volume you uploaded
yesterday by the way we had an epic
snake hunt it was insane it was going
it's just crazy
I'm really happy nice to not get fit
guys is one of those things where you
got to see it to believe it
everything unfolds in a matter of
seconds dad locked me in the shed with a
snake we love Charlie in the shed with
the snake he bursts out the side door to
run away from this guy I just check it
out it's really insane check it out guys
let's get this Friday started pickle boy
gonna be bald style yeah what's going on
you guys so right now we're about to go
to over to grandpa's and like was
getting a haircut little does he know
we're pranking him grandpa's going to
cut like I don't know how
hair and then hopefully it breaks the
Clippers guys I'm really really excited
about this I hope it works out and
Michael I am a little sorry about this
one but hon this is going to be so funny
oh my god
I'm the hair clippers because that's the
first thing you going to do when we get
home I know that don't house that I
gotta keep all ready for this okay I
mean many little white shit with a
little button thing on the top huh
Roselia barber yeah yeah sure if you
want it
Judy's watch the quite touch it ok this
creepy looking guys today is the day
does Gammage it is what you are doing
because we can't find the ones we have I
just had a Mike Weston we have an Emily
right now to do way to get that here it
what I love you well I got to go after
him so what you're coming out here to
just wanna know what you forget oh yeah
oh I'll set your here no that's all
right Doug yeah I don't never it'll
something out there's one guy really
when you hold up hold up
Charlie no 601 hell I love you so much
your hair sucks I'm getting your door
your dad what do you think either guys
you guys change color and I got brighter
singing oh look what we're dealing with
your Doug only the best for Doug ah
that's brand new down yeah you all right
move move check out the way they ran out
into the air Cooper's without just boat
I already know that
oh no well just those you up nope no
guards everybody hey you don't get the
card today those guards going to be down
oh I'll give you the option you want to
guard you want to go I guess what it
does you want the card you want to guard
themselves game answer yes no hey no
well guess what
yes ah well you guys we getting ready
for the haircut in a minute meet Doug
I'll go shopping with some intros let's
do this
Jesus Oh dad it'll make that money you -
what was we Ridge behind
calm down father
I decided ah no I mean we were going to
do was doubly committee don't let you
cigar - yeah I know I'm the barber right
no I'll put on the lid and buy but
Madigan a definitely want to hear okay
let's just destroy him okay boy doing
were you gonna do it that way I can't
never know what oh yeah you can't talk
that way now she's real what other way
okay
oh my god all right dad okay we got it
do it in the box we get these away from
no more car that's it that's that jeez
I'm done
Oh God everybody cook oh then what are
you doing it's good good morning here we
get it ah I wish I had your hair done
Judaism a little up top a lot
you swear a job we can't have you when
you're handsome what we did it but we
don't achieve what he is over here like
already here I love you minute ha Wow
I enjoy sighted I'm hand-dug even joined
the pampering right now Lana there with
your mother never made Eugene from the
walking dead
yeah you don't agree I could see it
Aug this is really great
I didn't go fan Doug you're on truck
total it drops right let me see Moussa
Smith was open or I'm losing something
dad don't kind of hair I'm too excited
I've never seen dad let's decide about
anything I know oh my gosh you joy I'm
actually like scared for you guys too
short Oh Doug what do you say we head to
Walmart Harry put it in the hair place
is the Walmart citizen yeah we got you
all right what again
does anyone get it all right done we
gotta stay here
damn you go to my barbershop you ain't
going to buddy else's you're on a hinge
right now I know what is going on Mike
are you gonna let the shoppers man cry
be hard to believe
what does that down well the AutoCAD
also stimulating your actor like Sweeney
Todd barber incident
the barber submit it stop your act like
Sweeney Todd this we talked don't worry
about it but I don't want it up in a
meat pie oh okay now
part of the job I'm a little afraid no
worth calling no dad you're not getting
out of this one oh yeah hey hey huh oh
she's ready buddy you have to cut your
hair I think got to do nothing he's
trying to get out of it you got to do it
come on dad
forty thousand life done more than that
you redo it yeah you got man you can't
make us look like okay yeah come on
doing out here bro I won't let dad crazy
or not look at this look okay all right
I'm trying to think Walmart is too good
we're going to Walmart grandpa well we
just needs a haircut video Doug haircut
yeah a good innit
yeah old Ben Franklin though your hair
look good
no man guys I know we really cut my hair
in the video but we decided not to do it
what we didn't cut my hair huh dad i'ma
wear hats from the blogs and they're not
gonna know they don't know no they're
not hey everybody
I cut here oh yeah but they're not gonna
find out Bridget panting no I know the
heroin now it was all him and not you go
for long oh you better put a lot on me
calm down I like a man out of me all
right we're starting over guys uh I
didn't come a hair today
the reason was is you did get a haircut
stop saying it
that you want pieces of I've had enough
I'm not selling because it here's want
me to show him why are you doing this
Michaels got his hair cut I cut it
sanctions ooh Bridget does approved
they're not going to ever see it and
Lauren said it was fun guys like if you
want see it was it
y'all get like more like you can't turn
you can't hang please don't feel like
you have to put it up I'm not out put it
out no they got a quick like for that I
think they want to see that give me bad
press me you want to see give me that
much that they don't put it up unless
they click like yeah would you that the
guys look like this is humiliating
how long do I got to be like this here
we do we excuse me we got Cooper's at
the house I know you know oh yes we do
what watch going to look is that what
we're going to find them earlier huh
they're gone
this Haven Walmart not going to know you
got it running
then about water salon Amazon now you're
not you know you got a credit card I'm
just flip from Al Hayat you card now I'm
gonna flip
so would you know about this Charlie
what would you know about it
hey you look buddy is a thank you you're
always doing something hair what's
probably nobody would how bad does it
lows beyond any piece right
oh is that bad pretty good I like it
Elmo stop it thank you wait I'll take a
nice amount hair first
oh right now oh all my own hair oh I
mean my face all right good job
let's do any butter Michael ah no that
was so funny Bridget oh my gosh I know
we're just bringing folks we just prayed
my ha ha
click like we'll get it up Oh Harry
don't you
Kevin Dom's you can't or not on you I'm
here for coming
it'd just be fun okay are you doing me
no no we're not filming you yeah Michael
what are you doing looking for the hair
clippers Michael we don't have them yes
we do know we don't see your makeup bag
on your head used to go where the hair
flip our hair gone we don't have them
they rusted I throw them out you're
lying
no I'm not I know we're not rust or
shave with it last week I don't know
where they are
the bag is way worse Michael take it off
Bridget humiliated yeah you what the bag
might call about it it's funny here
you're fine it's a good hairdo
no one is not not that bad you can't
make me wait two weeks you can't that's
gonna be a pro today guys thanks for
watching
they got me okay no grandpa Owen we got
you Bridget you got me too okay
how would I do that to you I don't know
a good question I wouldn't guys that's
gonna be it for today they got me okay
smack the like but if you want to see my
humiliation yeah guys you out oh okay
why that's gonna be a fun date guys
thanks for watching
woo like subscribe favorite following
everything for us you know what don't
follow our because follow me on
everything but just bow stop how could
you allowed it
alright Michael I won't touch it
Thomas I didn't allow it all grandpa
guys ran up to let's just tell you back
bitch thank what now
