what's going on you guys keep you out of
camera here hey guys he Yeah right there
today is Thursday today is Thursday and
if you didn't see the blog that we
upload a gesture day I told you guys to
click like if you want to Bridget to
continue filming my meatloaf disaster
from yesterday which you did guys guys
he bawled his eyes out and cut his pants
at the same I did not know I did not
guys I found it he does know okay
they're gonna see that that's a lie now
wanna show the book well show the film
guys this was last night I tried to save
the meatloaf I couldn't let's look at
that before we get the blows all of his
eyes I guys I'm come stop it it is very
I would see this footage double Michael
is trying to save the meatloaf I'll film
this
I'm telling guys there's a missing a lot
of seasoning and I don't know what else
to do to fix this this is not so fast
for you I'm humiliated it was on vlog
yesterday don't be humiliated smush it
all down to a flat meatloaf hopefully we
seasoned it and then remake it now the
flat meat look what was I thinking
while we got some naive that I thought I
could make meatloaf
shut up might go you can omit right now
that I ruined it
he didn't ruin a minute did I did oh my
god how many million it don't the just
our life failing on video we have the
Chinese food disaster now we have a
meatloaf disaster yes who shows up a
meatloaf that's true this is a happen hi
whose screen of the meat love of serious
Michael great up apparently damn it so
that was the meatloaf food as you can
see nobody pooped in their pants down
that part but here are things everywhere
it is what it is can you stop please
I didn't do any of that you know it you
guys know it's not funny
food it was so bad guys yet it's got in
the shower yeah who did have no birthday
undercooked beef and she had diarrhea
all night
oh yeah guys forget it let's get this
Thursday started I'm going to bed
Bridget soon the vlog alone fine
no look at those I started these God was
cut a restaurant in Canada and they put
out a sign outside that says Leonie said
eat here for free and he showed up holy
crap that is so cool he sure knows the
restaurant who is Liam Neeson who's Liam
Neeson yeah you don't take him
oh I require a certain style of sandwich
oh my god I will kill you Liam Neeson
that is so cool I have one of these in
hip house ah
what if we make a sign this was Liam
Neeson vlogs here for furry and he comes
our house he's a creep to her house
Michael or he does he's not he shown to
this place it's a public place so why we
could say hey Liam Neeson come here and
he'll do it probably he won't do it
dad has can we try dad has the
chalkboard again tried with these
realistic that's not going to work
what if Liam Neeson shows up then you're
gonna be like oh whatever you choose a
grand jury right now yes leave me some
not gonna show up now can you try it
sure for fun but it's not good fastened
do it babe these guys didn't think it
would happen did they do okay William
Lisa Easter for free and then there he
is
who knows maybe they did know ok now
you're calling the picture fake all the
crap we get four people playing the
we're fakes now you're calling stuff
faking is gotta be discussed and Bridget
isn't oh my god
my fall it's not happening
okay you guys crap all over me dad call
me back I need to know about that
Bridget laughing like a good dude if he
shows up you're just real real tom
he's not gonna show at night at all
Cindy do you think one of the offbeat
equation shows of our house if we just
liam neeson you and your mama peas in a
pod
because we'll put a sign up services
come to our house liam neeson it's not
going to work right and episode it's
called movie Kathy what ah oh you almost
couldn't you come over I didn't know you
were cooking spaghetti get eat up that
looks pretty good
no it's really good all right yeah
protein so I have a question for you
actually
was that do you remember you at it's
kinda like this the top thing remember
you had like a more do you remember it
take a little portable chalkboard yeah
it was a vent and we could write on it
now they got a garage are you sure you'd
rather one fell out yeah it's those okay
okay he's listen there's a thing going
around on the internet with Liam Neeson
son wrote Liam Neeson could eat here for
free and he showed up so I want to write
like Liam Neeson can vlog here free
maybe and shoulder our house do you have
the board or not it's like a garage can
we get you can you might have differ
with my dad steppers sure you got all
the time in the world that you need can
I say for dinner dad night you know you
did not ask your question answer my
question what keep your hands up I
thought I'm gonna hand ago spoon what he
hasn't gotten around here holy shit
as I am you're earning it I'm not
burning it can you try it I don't want
to talk John I got it I don't want to
try it it is what it is yeah
tomorrow we're going to cut dust hair
come on
tomorrow MRL also if the young is want
to see it click like you want grandpa to
cut mine well yeah cuz I need a haircut
and I figure to be perfect just please
promise to get up in cows didn't let's
go Bravo bro you want growl what go I'll
trust you enjoy it here done with coffee
no he's just making coffee what are you
doing are you even in the saying
universe's us right now guys guys I'm at
grandpa's he's cooking then we're going
to the garage we're gonna find that
sophomore
what's wrong freak explain where yet I
don't know wheelchair out where no
beacon what by the wheelchair oh my god
come on oh watch out you're gonna forget
fall down big eye we got a body we got
yeah it's the rest nigger something it
will forget a copperhead no way how it
was not a comprehend when we need to
call get oh yeah we've got out of them
you're gonna get your very quick on a
fire and turn it over
dad please to matter to go I'm not going
to I get it come on dad come out of it
over there right yeah no Michael but it
was like a little bronze me it was no
Copperhead it was not a copperhead
well this was wrong dude alright why are
you dragging stuff it's gonna pop back
out we'll just God why did we get get
into it you're not gonna go bad guy
where are you going dude
well let me fry them gone to the other
side by now then if it pops out you're
gonna fall please sit what you talk to
what I said I thought oh my god
I again here human please come out of
the garage now and get the little dogs
inside how about it what - stop it
just let it be okay pops out what are
you going to do oh there's nowhere snake
away and it'll be all right
what is that stuff I was going to tell
them we'll get some stuff and I'll mix
it with some water is great in here
it'll be all right man come on get out
if you get your bro I'm not letting
univesrity what do you hell was that
gonna do I'll get it
yes Robin Hood you don't know how to did
you just kill somebody fighting games
now where's that ah I go fucking what I
think oh my god just stop sorry
come on you're going to eat or take me
right come on let's get out go you have
other sets get bit
let's all go Willie wrong skip it no
I'll just say just one spirit that one
like I do it I don't want you to get it
no here we do bagel you going up I get
out I'm just as scared as you are
you're going to have it sandwich I'm
telling me yeah
Kevin hat it's like probably outside of
the shed by now
where's e-tip you watch that I'll be
careful
you look really mean no finest a bad Wow
you'll make us all right here God guys
yeah I'm leaving
silly guys about a snake dad here we go
yes oh why would a missus I go near a
deity character you go for your heart to
school
compete you your brothers both look you
ready you're not getting it either it
was not a comprehend that was items
rather yeah hurt rattling it was a
little brown snake uh what I'm telling
wires going to house let's go inside I
don't like this
did you really see the snake what did
you really see the snake how big was it
why like everyday I just got off a
traumatic experience
Oh what
let's drink your dad what a sprinkler
guys the snake prank dad with a snake
yes we have a realistic awesome rubber
looking snake you might remember that
one look a Boone Viper one se sticker
one let's look reminding you find any if
not we have that one guy smack the like
button if you want to prank grandpa with
the rubber cement oh my gosh we haven't
painted and forever
I know it's make I guess just the idea
yeah oh yes oh my gosh I'm going to
click like guys click like trust me you
want to see those you really do oh my
god it's pretty good idea and I know
it'll work
why are we in here I'm trying to find
that thing the chalkboard
let's talk for it
dad was in our garage numbers as long as
you put us out of the collapse run or a
barn or he's draw up a phone and stuff a
we encountered here oh yeah oh my god
hey bird i jealous of every pony
oh my gosh please crap on Michael oh
dear it worse are you really scared of
bird that's one personal fool of me I
was a definitely cool me buyer with you
hi birdie-bird
I speak bird now doing officially his
pet bird oh my God look back
one where is the thing that my goal it
never was
yeah yes dad you want it for I remember
him or what didn't want this thing for
like somebody went on a top for really
shebang Oh believe mm needs the thing is
trending on water rightly amazing and
vlog here huh no no dude her nest hot
out here dude we get pet birds a real
funny
oh no I can't imagine getting out
there's windows I'll be in here where we
go did one of the birds nests here oh
you're a bird dad city sounds a bat I'm
most adverse why because they poo see
alright
only then discuss stuff what London and
years ago stuff what happened there I
didn't do that it was Bell I can hear
rampaging you want I was laying down a
little bit I'm gonna do the ghost stuff
soon okay guys I guess we should do it
soon right yeah because I'm still
thinking about that one part in the vlog
Oh part oh you here my man guys there's
a part of one of the brief that vlogs go
look for it I don't know which one it is
will you here Mike and then it really
scares me it's a it's scary
there's a part where somebody says they
saw a face in a doorway right yeah where
when where your way I don't remember
guys let her know in the comment section
go find that blogs leave me completely
guys there's like a face on a doorway or
something no say yeah
did you see it I saw something in the
doorway whenever one is you put flash or
so why didn't you show me or not this
doorway the one upstairs runs the toy
room
Shepard's chill out okay chill out guys
we're going to be doing the ghost video
here pretty soon keep sending up
examples because we're going to be doing
a pretty soon we're going to dress it
head on
we're going to find out if we're on it
if you made it this far into the vlog
say the word content haunted post
haunted in the comments below as many
times as you can and put your Twitter
with it and I'm going to follow some of
you guys later yeah I'll follow some of
you guys too so post it in the comments
below I'll choose a couple to follow if
you made it this far into the vlog call
them everything for do eyes now I kind
of feel like I got to say something
about the Liam Neeson stuff what I came
over you know myself a failure to make a
statement say it's not a big deal
official statement to make humiliate a
muscle even if sorry this was like a
joke I write you know it's a joke right
go on
yes it's a joke like it was a total joke
you're like complete like even think
human he was okay
I gotta make a state like honestly I'm
so little ashamed
yeah I just need to take a minute in the
vlog to address the fact that I was
being dumb by thinking Liam Neeson would
come to our house and I didn't even
really think it anyway I didn't think
you would ever show up
don't that yes my boy Liam Neeson tattoo
on them okay well Bridget where's my I
don't got a Liam Neeson tattoo you guys
it was a it was half joking but hey
every kind of funny maybe somebody's
lend it to Liam Neeson don't like some
fence he would actually come on I got
Bridget you guys are pranks I need the
next place Charleston and meets up guys
I prank Bridget just now made her think
I thought okay
you're gonna mock it all we get on a
flight to Charleston I've gotta get in
this vlog look I thought I've been funny
he likes to do internet stuff apparently
and it would've been funny I'm human
please just cut it out right Bridget
Bridget can we cut the Lea meats and
stuff out of the ball no why Michael
it's okay you can we're cutting guys
you're never even seeing this now yeah
no it's not actually no it's not
actually we can't we'll just how much of
the vlog actually revolves around Liam
Neeson to begin with like the whole vlog
what yeah what no we'll just cut it
we'll just I'll just delete everything
start over all right guys I'm sorry I
embarrassed myself
Oh Michael Liam Neeson have you seen oh
my god I'm sorry I'm humiliated well
that's gonna be it for today guys thanks
for watching we got about a two minute
vlog because we didn't use any of the
footage right I'll edit this one please
cut out where I'm like begging Liam
Neeson to come he's gonna show up don't
worry
whoa yes bet you want to know we're
doing the whole thing that's gonna be it
for today you guys pretty horrible day
we didn't do anything like yeah earlier
Michael tweeted because he has a
verified account so we tweeted Liam
Neeson and was like come to my house I
just thought that was a little regular
desperate oh that's gonna be after today
guys thanks for watching
maybe force be with you Harry because
you're a wizard Luke that's going to be
a pretty you're a wizard loop that could
be different
so watching Liam Neeson if you want to
meet up dude we go to Hall Chop House he
wants to be your new best friend Liam
Neeson
I really seriously yeah I'll do anything
so that's going to be like the favorite
everything does and Luke
may the poor love you Liam Neeson Liam
Neeson will you marry me
