what's going on you guys kid covered a
dog for here the doors here also covered
and dog fur yeah but not like me look at
this you guys okay sure I didn't even
tell me like a person I hid to use all
this fur like a human dog hybrid you
guys I'm covered in dog fur and I
weren't a filthy shirt cover to refried
beans but that doesn't matter because
today is what is it actually
Wednesday is it was going it's I'm
saying today is Wednesday and today I'm
thinking about going to talk to anger
grandpa about the little problem that I
had in yesterday's vlog because I'm
still a little nervous about it if you
didn't see the vlog that we uploaded
yesterday
it has seriously been weighing on my
mind that it was seriously scary it was
just your life own benzevich now okay I
know it wasn't my guy he didn't see the
vlog I had a dream about my grandfather
who had been dead for 14 years and he
was telling me to call my mom and so I
called my mom and she was up thinking
about him and it was actually the
anniversary of his death and it's scary
and it was his mom's birthday and
seriously I have a feeling of just I
don't know I know it's a coincidence but
it was just super weird and I think I'm
going to tell Dad about it today and see
you probably should I didn't want to get
dad's opinion he's lived a lot of life
he's got a lot of experience maybe he
has some advice I don't know but I asked
everybody on Twitter and they want me to
do it so maybe it's happened to him
that's what we're doing today and he can
relate
maybe guys we're going to get this -
Wednesday Wednesday we're going to get
this Wednesday stars I'm going over to
grandpa's house but first I need to wash
my shark yeah cuz you're not a human
anymore Michael
what just get in your shirt this is
stupid
this is not gonna work they could have
soaked stained all I do is get the
refried beans off right now then I'm
going to let roll or get the dog hair
off
just get a new shot of this shirt get a
new life I can't look at this one
shame your head today later you will I
asked everybody to click like if they
wanted they click like so you're going
to do it but that's going to be later
oh I'm sorry what are you saying where's
those refried beans at ok alright ok I
was a cool idea guys learn for Michael
thank you I know everything I'm not
really cool where's the went wrong
um behind you is it yeah it is a drawer
I'll take behind me this is wrong cuz
jumbo lip roller guys we go Superbike a
wonderful minute yeah maybe not that
shake sale
although sudden is short looks like went
to the washing machine I know not next
fight was it 5 I'll do I just don't see
why you don't get in this shirt cuz I
won this sure why oh good it so you look
at every shirt
we're just look good this shirt I'll say
I'll not wear after today ok
why are you happy but why did you pull
your nose what are you like this sure
why wouldn't you wear it after today I'm
not saying ever again I'm saying
tomorrow I'll have a different sugar on
but today I want this one clean I need
more lint roller I get it guys I'm
cleaning my shirt ok let's go to
grandpa's lap off here well my loafers
hey are you doing you good mistake Joe
that's pretty good out here good
seriously ok yeah really does walking on
the pool Lauren hey Lauren do you up
you're watching tonight
yeah oh I'll i doing that oh yes a lot
of fun yeah they are far youngins really
like it what you shut solemn yeah my all
kind of wants to tell you something tell
me what you're pregnant no no I would
not tell you that way I'm never a viral
video yes I wanted something totally
different
uh what go calm down
just tell um Bridget thinks were haunted
Michael thinks your heart says I don't
you guys don't tell me what does be a
it's freakin if it's like true it's
something to be scared about
a true why do you say that why you so
sure about house man ain't be no home
he's like not even like taking a serious
at all it's really not serious but it
it's bull crap
okay how about this last night I had a
dream that I was talking to Pappa and he
said to call mom and guess what I called
her she was awake thinking about PAP PAP
Yeah right my Romeo y'all do stuff like
this job are there I'm telling you what
happened
it definitely happened you guys I'm not
a good you feel guilty guilty about what
for not going I call mom all the time
Yeah right talk all the time there's
enough man good job and crap sorry are
you just skipped hey guys
he just don't talk about ghosts Berlin
yet it goes how do you know that can you
see it
so can you touch it they're real you see
the wind can you touch the wind yeah
right yeah no you tell Rene pull on
right now do you believe a ghost no no I
do not believe it you see I do not
believe in ghosts
it was weird though if it's really just
a god man God had to go home we just got
here
go ahead God good hey no God a the damn
ghost yeah there Adam ah I can't even
like tell him anything I already go to
that stupid tow I wanted to sit down
with you and talk to you about this well
I talk I'm scared about it why it I'd be
scared of Michael it was a damn living
you go to scare it was an interesting
awesome dream as right I was just
probably budgies pretty with bit what I
was would you eat for us bit Taco Bell
that's right when I was I was talking to
you I could assess any food at all you
would've said that was it apples
that was what talking to you you see
exactly see I don't think I would have
done that to you but I guess you talked
a lot I made me poop you don't wanna
talk about the Richard it is what it is
but just so you know I should go Sonny
were a boy you could go right I see
ghosts now yeah you need to get him a
room somewhere and mid you you need to
you know go to Liz you need to put away
Thursday's observation no he doesn't
didn't you think you saw a ghost before
that was different
oh why you please do it right
what man in a blue suit yeah okay
I'm covering the lamp guys dad need to
put away I walked up he kicked over
there I'm long way oh my gosh Michael I
am so hungry I can't even tell you yes
okay guys I want to play again
yeah time we go to the store we tell you
hey take a guess what we're cooking this
I want to make a game at we're gonna
start periodically showing you items and
our buggy and I want you to guess what
are we cooking this very wet guy
guys what are we cooking let us only
come us right now what you think we are
cooking for dinner what do you think
we're cooking let us know tell it is not
a bowl of Surrey now or meatballs
definitely not definitely not what do
you guys think how did you get the buggy
I was pushing Bridget Katie when we came
in when we came in I had a goal to have
this book I want to take my half the
book no stop
okay guys so I just thought of a
strategic plan and by Michael that was
head
Oh
okay you win
probably guys some people in as IO
updates when we're making guys what are
we making
we've got sweet peppers we were headed
into Walmart right now because we forgot
like a couple of things that we needed
like peppers and still take the time to
guess what we're giving we're now we're
walking and definitely not tacos it's
not seriously is not cycle take a real
guy
yeah it's Tuckers it's not guys we just
have something very annoying happen like
really annoying very annoying like super
freaking annoying I wish it didn't
happen because it's very annoying like
extremely annoying
so really more annoying than me I'm
getting Forest Whitaker I promise it's
with you right now
yeah if it's not it will give me Forest
Whitaker are you guys hey guys we're
leaving Publix will go into the checkout
lane now by the way there was a couple
of items that we actually put back one
of them was the buns
we had a pack of buns but we realize we
have all these buns right here so we
don't need the buns for what we're
making so you guys we get in the
checkout line we give him two ten items
or less line we don't know how many we
have we think it's around ten okay we're
checking that's like ten it was a very
few items and the lady's checking us out
and there was a customer behind us and
she's like looking at it like yeah and
if she's like I'll just go over here she
walks over the other side of like oh god
what a bitch okay check it out of here
right we get our bags we're by the
checkout we're leaving and the lady
looks at me dead in the eyes and she
goes for future reference that's the 10
items or less line I counted ly 15 my
garlic ma'am I looked so I looked at it
ma'am mind your own business and I went
to walk out I was getting very irritated
you're counting my items I now please
mind your own business lady like come on
so we're going to walk out
just saying that's why they don't have a
bagger here you have too many I know
that's why was it lady mind your own
business I have like 15 12 oh no I
didn't have 30 items you had way more
than 15 and I walked out thank you Kate
you got to be kidding me
so we're counting our item right now I
want to know what we have so bag number
one oil one hand two hands three four
five six seven eight
9 10 11 we are over ten items Bridget oh
no 11 12 13 14 better that's it 14 items
yeah lady that lady needs a life lady we
had 4 more items than the 10 items ok
there was no reason for you to be so mad
at me because me because of this so this
we're all good right
I can't just add this to so you guys
that was very irritating
I told her to mind her own business
twice I was on the verge of becoming
dangers grandpa I was like let's get out
of here good
that was so dear so he's walking away
nope
yeah I'll just get out of here please I
told her my real business twice and I
left guys that's the irritating thing
that happened to me today we're getting
ready to cook here's our items what are
you people making I gave you guys a hint
the ice cream is for dessert
where is it it is all right you guys it
is time for us to start cooking that
dinner right now we are doing this is a
mixture of diced celery diced onion and
a whole bunch of sweet peppers now the
best fit in with what you guessed I
don't know
let us know in the comment section would
you get right now you're sautéing up
onions peppers celery oh yeah oh yeah
God I'm as long free no we're doing well
ladies I didn't think it is he's not
Paco's nope see I was trying to joke
just 30 guys off but it's definitely not
talked actually is not talking it's no
joke
yeah I know also it is not meatballs no
sorry guys
we're just not doing the meat but huh at
least we were in the mood for meatballs
one day not English yeah now we're in
the mood for this yes
we'll be right back you got it guys
there was a side dish tonight and you
guessed it might have been part of your
gasser you might have gotten part of it
guys I made the most delicious
delectable amazing macaroni you're ever
going to see flourish you guys right now
British girls top my macaroni G that I
made with cheese excuse me what I made
sense this is my mac and cheese
I made this you are not right guys
Bridget made the mac and cheese
if you guys want the right piece to make
a like button honestly it was freaking
good it's the best one I've ever made
what does alpha me lately can I cook I
don't know I'm sauteing vegetables Oh
laugh it up
alright you guys let me give you one
quick look at all the ingredients
Bridget show everything this is all the
agrees were using for what we're making
tonight you got my Tim Saturday gasps oh
my gosh guys tonight we're making
meatloaf nice loud talk about me low
talk about me close guys I got this
recipe from a friend of ours her name
was rose she does a youtube called I
heart recipes and she makes what she
calls the greatest meatloaf ever
seriously the offer still stands Rosie
if you want to move in you can I know
you have a husband and probably kids or
a choice to make
so we want you to live is to cut her
food it's amazing she said we got our
Gouda mac and cheese recipe from now
we're doing meatloaf so the first thing
we're going to do for this meatloaf is
add some bread now you guys
that's butter stuck to the bottom of it
now this is milk silken bread I've
ripped up some bun and I've soaked it in
milk and we're adding this and shred it
up it's soft and it's going right to our
ground beef mixture guys this is almost
almost 5 pounds of ground beef her rice
would be gone for two we're double ok I
imagine they're like one and a half a
piece it's like three plus that's like 4
pounds
bridges it took the time to do the math
herself and to realize it is a little
over 4 pounds of ground beef we've added
our bread now 3 eggs
I'm gonna start mushing this up guys
you gonna get your hands dirty on this
one yes I wash my hands
no he doesn't I did like last week
account guys I wash my hands okay no BJ
I'm not saying it not get pissah bet I
did
to wash my hand how do you pop it out
now do we battle or bread in there
first we're adding all these vegetables
delicious vegetables get in there oh
they look good all right
excuse my hands folks it's a mess first
up garlic powder and I'm gonna do a no
measurement I saw her video I'm doing it
just like her onion powder pepper can I
get the garlic sure seasoning salt and
garlic now you guys coming up next it's
a little weird part that we weren't sure
of but she does salsa and you see comes
missing Bridget had chips and salsa
oh you're telling me like that good yeah
a little more yeah I never tried this
before guys biscuity the root or not I
would let you know I heart recipes and
she cheese cheese not much you don't
want to like like a cheese casserole or
anything yeah it says like enough for
flavor all right here we go my hazel
bunny right now you guys the peppers
were hopping all right guys
oh yes wow that's awesome so this is not
my recipe you guys this curves if you
want the recipe it is in the description
below this is very strange to me but it
could be great it smells great it does
have a very good smell like I feel like
this is gonna be amazing
you would think for the sauce unusual
Prince Jimmy can cover the lens when
we're done for now
Brigitte wanted to remind me that we did
not use parsley so let me add parsley
now she gingerly added it looked like a
lot of parsley she said she did it for
color a lot I think it's perfect perfect
perfect I just wash my hands all right
you guys now Bridget cover the lens
because we're not all right
around my head because these are
meatloaf we're going to put in these but
they're not the bacon you'll see just a
second I have sprayed this with ham so
if you come out but we just want to
shape it like a loaf it's so cool
me love sandwiches that's why all right
Wow
yeah boy the next step to a recipe you
guys was barbecue sauce not traditional
ketchup like most people use which I've
never had this either this is new
experience all around so add the
barbecue sauce we just sort of polish it
going all over it sides whole nine yards
here comes you guys what movies that off
of their money is man kinda overdid it
were made to meet blokes that was four
actually made to Meat Loaf's way not to
cook I am covering my hand in an oven
mitt so I can cover the lens so guys
this is my rack and cheese is issues
problems concerns nope
tell me how it is I'll let you know in
30 minutes I'm done below
ah dude I've never made a Mac she looks
beautiful before ready yeah oh my god
good lord babe
good good oh yeah oh man I gotta try
this rule is right at this
hell no camera's gonna overheat by the
time I'm 40 this shiet his artists hard
overheat you're gonna have to take bite
she refused me to you guys no matter how
hard I'm trying to not to burn my taste
buds overheat deleted oh my weather
camera was not overheating oh my god
guys meatloaf I don't know what happened
Bridge
this thing's sucks I think it's good no
you don't think it I do guys are screwed
the meatloaf somewhere it's good there's
meatloaf everybody's trash it's not I'll
eat it I know what I did wrong from her
recipe good I have enough seasoning I
don't know but I like it I don't believe
you I don't care I need you guys I tried
to make the meatloaf I completely failed
now I don't have anything for dinner I
don't think it's a fail it was a total
disaster Bridget if the next level
disaster
let me try
Oh guys if you to make this recipe
follow it closer than I did because I
messed it up this was a meatloaf
disaster or screwed it up it is what it
is let's do the outro I ruined dinner
again I'll be winter so these we have
macaroni to eat that's going to be it
for today guys thanks for watching had a
meatloaf disaster tonight Rosie let me
know on Twitter what I did wrong because
I don't freaking know I screwed up
somewhere I find it is good no come on
it was very bland there was no seasoning
it was called like a watery mess - it
wasn't watery I don't know I don't know
why there is some excuse I screwed it up
maybe I use the wrong cut of meat I
don't know Rosie what did I do wrong I
really I ruined dinner I want to thank
everything about snappish camera my
fault it's okay
I thought I thought it was good no you
did it and when you say you like it
makes me matter because I know you're
lying
I know why my taste buds don't lie it
had no flavor the only time it has
flavor when you're eating a lot of
barbecue on it come on man that's gonna
be it for today you guys I ruined dinner
like subscribe favorite I don't anything
and that's it I feel like I'm gonna cry
smack - like whether to abridge
recording and closing up and right now
blowing but if you want to see it that's
going to be it
I'm ruined dinner
