what's going on you guys keep me on the
camera here and it's really late um I
just had I hate starting off videos like
this you guys I just I just woke up Oh a
really surreal dream that I just have uh
I had to do about my papa
I don't think I've spoken much about
Papa
when videos it was my mom's father
Robert Sharpe my Papa and I had a dream
about him just now and with all this
stuff we've been having in videos lately
and we're just thinking she's hearing
stuff it felt like really real and I
don't believe in this stuff I've never
been the type to believe in like ghosts
or the afterlife can I don't believe in
that stuff you guys but in the dream he
kept telling me call your mom call your
mom call your mom call your mom and he
gave me a hug and it felt so real and I
felt like I had to wake up and record
and I'm scared to go back to sleep
heart I'm scared he went and sleep so
wake up Bridget I don't know
I'm really scared you guys if you see or
hear anything please let me know right
Bridget
hey hey hey wake up wake up hey wake up
wake up I'm scared what I had a dream
about Pappa and I'm really scared right
now what happened he was just he just
like saying free to call mom oh I don't
believe in ghosts problems are scared
now for you which another not would you
wake up I'm telling you I go surreal but
I just talked to Papa they're real all
car it's like freaky tunes morning color
I'm not going to call I believe I'm not
gonna call her I mean I believe in this
they're not real
I don't want to call my freakin mama
2:00 in the morning or a dream but I
want you're gonna cry a mom cuz that's
just up Neath that she's not even paying
me any attention folks would you please
wake up I'm like sitting here like
terrifying yeah why do I get to be the
only one awake right now I'm scared to
death I'm not calling her I'm not not
caught your mom Oh wake her up she's got
it work
sweet handy hello hey what are you doing
up what happened birthday today and and
I was working on my emails on my
facebook before took pictures of
passwords and uh I had a dream about Pat
Pat just now a night he told me in the
dream to call you this is scary when
Julie up right now thinking about him
and you said his mom's anniversary what
what does that mean his mom the day he
died what yeah
what that's cool
I don't know I did first of all I didn't
explain can you hear me
first of all I didn't expect you to
answer the phone because it's two
o'clock in the morning and and two the
anniversary of his death and I just had
a dream and he's telling me to call you
and this is like really I can't explain
this and I'm really scared to go back to
sleep now
why are you not more like weird out by
this we've been having like a lot of
weird stuff happening around our house
lately we're hearing voices I don't know
not very old but I'm pretty sure path I
didn't die here papa if you're in this
room go see mom in New York I don't know
how to explain that mom I just wanted to
call and see how you were doing I didn't
expect you to like answer
what should I heard her noise what was
that
what okay that's creepy no I'm not
trying to be funny my I wouldn't call
you a two o'clock in the morning
I love it detachment look at me like I
was really cute I don't do it okay and
now she tried mr. bear well less than
T's Peppa how long has it been now how
many years three that was a little off I
was strange did you saw I mean it's
really cool cool yeah you turned in your
grand saw yeah really cool had a dream
about my grandfather who's been dead for
like 14 years yeah but yeah his dream
him he says call your mom and you did
and she was up that was cool I want this
on vlog or not recording this is cool
dude there's nothing cool but first of
all I had to subconsciously remember
that he died in April I must have
forgotten it okay I somehow slipped in
the back on one I forgot that he had
died maybe like in April I forgot I
thought he died like on Easter so where
was really him I hear your loved ones
visit you in your street we're in word
you hear that from like everyone ever
I'm not to talk about that because
everybody has their own beliefs and I
don't want to talk about what I believe
and disrupt what other people believe
but it can Michael no it wasn't she
chose you to call your mother okay
oh wow coincidence that she was up
thinking about her father on the
anniversary of his death okay
yeah that's crazy do you really want
sure I mean I it's a little so creepy
though I don't want to talk about it
anymore
I hate it it's collected back
I got a day tomorrow um I'm not gonna be
able to go back to sleep here daily our
nightlight it's okay you remember the
time I had heard about your grandfather
yeah I never told you to blow that that
was insane
that was guys a couple years after her
grandfather died I had a dream that I
was talking to him in a room and he was
saying don't let them throw me away and
so I called bridge at the next morning
and her and her grandmother and her mom
were like donating all his stuff to
Goodwill gonna save us veteran's place
but do I care anymore
yeah it was it was really big you know
it is really because sorry it was for
yeah just get out of my face with the
camera okay there's no such thing as go
yeah there is this one right there look
right I'm sorry I just want a nice hair
hi I'm gonna bathroom crying the battery
died right after Bridget just scared me
all right it is one of those guys I'm
sorry I'm going back to bed that's going
to be it for tonight I'm really sorry
for all the stuff you guys I don't want
to like pretend like I know I can talk
to goes I don't want that to be the
message I'm conveying it's just a dream
that I have seen about our love time and
it stopped saying it okay everyone dies
I'm saying is you're going to imply that
I'm controlling psychic or every eight
me if people's if you want me going to
bed don't push the dead gender that I'm
a psychic because I'm not I'm not
everything you're a psychic no but
you're saying like I can really talk to
topic on sorry you're dreaming you're
awesome that's what I said okay That's
not me me the real could you not call me
names good yelling okay guys going down
back to that good night everybody I'm
done pal excuse me I will not
no no I won't on last night was I crazy
Oh what can I say no see you know what
ah
ah what is wrong well I don't know maybe
it's not shaving in fact not obvious by
you screaming every time it's just my
face ah oh gosh there's some how do it
to help you what can you do my hair job
didn't you sharpen the blades or
something that those things working now
all right what's so interesting about me
shaving my babies I don't know depends
in your cornflakes it's my school one
last one and just a dream oh I know that
Bridget look any like the bad one dream
I suddenly believe in ghosts
ghosts are real Michael they are oh my
god later I should shave your head yeah
I love shaving your head what's going on
you guys
baby-faced behind a camera here because
he yeah right there yeah today Michael
is baby face today I have a smooth
little baby face and today is Tuesday
you know you guys we've got a very busy
day today
what here are the papers well that all
necessary you threw out a big lie for no
reason guys we had a very busy day today
so I'm not going to get into any of that
but I do want to talk about is last
night that when interesting and scary
okay I all of it you guys I was scared
but I don't believe I go that now who
got it I do not it was a dream Bridget
cool powers I just had a dream about my
grand idea is that your loved ones visit
you sometimes in your sleep I don't
believe any of that stuff you guys I
just my personal belief you guys
everybody has their own right I happen
to think that you know it was just a
dream right but it was scary to see my
grandfather and it being a lucid dream
it felt so real and I don't know it's
stuck with me but I can't explain it
what's it messages from the dead or I
don't know I don't believe but I do like
to like think about it and dabble in and
hello I'm getting scared
but anyway why are you scared because I
don't know for sure
I'm an agnostic I don't know for sure
anyway today is Tuesday and today
hopefully the next scene is going to
show us getting something to eat because
I want yeah I'm like really hungry guys
let's go eat the goal was to get this
vlog up early to not be in that last
night's blog went up around midnight so
I wanted to get this vlog up around 5:30
6 o'clock and we have been stuck in
traffic for like four hours
Michael is nothing like four hours it is
5:30 which means yeah we are not meeting
the criteria it has in it yeah no it
hasn't been four hours and more like 25
so there has been like 10-15 minutes
though and that's a bit much to me to
sit and track unless we ask closer and
do you think this traffic doesn't know
that I'm hungry right I'm start I've got
nothing we're on our way to LA Kurata it
is a Spanish Mexican restaurant they got
the best food we've been trying to get
this like 45 minutes and the best is 10
we firms yo-yos oh babe this seems over
you guys I'm going to happy mood again
everybody get food I'm sitting here
right now you guys I do not like how I
look shaped I hate I think you look cute
and I want to shave your heads tonight
you want to shave my head yes I like
when you look like a little baby
you guys were shaving my hair because
she requested it
not I'm a little bit a total baby yes
you're gonna look going on I forgot
about this traffic I'm really suffering
are you serious
what about your windows how about it
moving that hang on
I'm stopping them are you joking
yeah this light is very short to a third
of a turn off
I said I just put some carnitas you know
it is so much - boy to get a burrito
away from Jesus Bridget we're at a
traffic you guys we're finally here and
we got food and when I got four needles
just talking for the typicals are not
all my tacos you guys I got this it's
like a big burrito and some more rice
cause it's my favorite guys this thing
was so good that I'm about to go into my
food coma before yeah I want to go into
three cones for years I'm going into it
right now I'm going in first part going
to little camera right now
okay we're going to take you serious
you guys just now right after that theme
somebody came up to me were like excuse
me are you okay I say you almost pass
out I'm fine
we do not call my front one I say to the
cameras if is going to persuade them
they're all the way over there look I'm
going to talk to me just a minute
off-camera I'm fine guys it's time to
eat
that's almost going to be a for a native
guys before I get out of here I wanted
to take a minute outside just to talk to
you guys for a couple of minutes you
know
yeah with refried beans on my shirt I
want to talk about last night first I
don't want anybody to think that I'm
trying to push the agenda that I
actually spoke to my grandfather
in my dream I know the vlog is called
speaking to the dead or whatever but
it's like it's only because it was so
weird and the fact that I called my mom
and the fact that it tied in with the
anniversary of his death
and the fact that you know I do my
middle name was Robert you guys I'm
named after my grandfather and so we
always had like a connection I love I
love my grandfather I I saw him right
before he died and you know the last
thing my grandfather said to me was you
here fat boy which I think I did the
angry grandpa voice
it looked anytime I do an old person
voice I interview my dad but anyway I
don't want you guys to think that I'm
pushing the agenda that I spoke to a
ghost last night I don't people to think
that's what I'm doing I'm not implying I
spoke to a ghost I'm not implying that
I'm psychic as Bridgette tried to imply
you tried to apply our psychic no I did
I just implied it was really for because
I because I believe it's weird it was a
strange dream it was even stranger than
mom answer but it stuck with me all day
you guys it's very weird I can't explain
it but as a non-believer and that kind
of stuff I have to object objectively
look at it and say it was not that but
it was very weird it was very weird mom
I'm glad I got to talk to you because it
seemed like you might have been
emotionally like spent she's like
laughing about it and stuff like ma
chill out but
anyway we're going to do the outro right
now I want to take this minute to talk
to you guys
smack the like button if you made it
this far into the vlog as I've been
telling you for day this is to help us
with the YouTube algorithm right now
because when you guys smack the like
button this cops not know what kind of
laws by is they waiting on the road is
be blogging flip on the tire anyway you
guys we're going in for the outro smack
to like but let's get louder that's well
I hear it Elvis you hear all that what
up girl
tell you to buy oh ok hi thank you very
much that's going to be it for today you
guys thanks for watching smack the like
button if you want Bridget to cut my
hair on vlog tomorrow yeah I'm not
looking forward to that oh my god that
reminds my dad oh yeah guys it's coming
this weekend Doug's haircut yeah I want
you to think we forgot about it Doug's
got a job but it's got a day off this
weekend we're gonna film in Doug you be
as bold as me dad you get Doug my dad's
going to be a baby like Michael
everybody the comments were like they
hired an actor guys that's going to be
here for today you guys thanks for
watching thanks for sticking with us
thanks for always watching and liking
and being the freakin best you guys are
absolutely incredible that's it life
describe baby
alright thanks to us emotion I love you
guys so much money marry me they all
said no oh yes oh my
