what's going on you guys so right now it
is really early in the morning and I'm
really bored I've been up for like an
hour and I kind of want to paint Michael
to wake him up
so I'm not bored anymore and he's up and
not sleeping because I really want to
sleep but yeah hopefully this works I'm
going to try to say that there's a ghost
I hope it works
lay off it goes what train three that's
funny yeah very funny get up I'm bored
let's get up on board what are you doing
I'm going to sleep dude I don't get time
for this Michael yes you get up just run
down okay so my contracts but I couldn't
really work as well as I thought it
would I mean he was really scared but in
stay up and I really wanted to stay up
so I'm going to try it again hopefully
it works with bye
go away dude it's like or next year what
it's a fraud
please get up in like two hours
no it's not as necessarily get up
cameras broken watch
no is it oh wow I like it Michael show
the hell out god I'm sorry I'm sorry go
back to bed
no no you think it's funny to wake
somebody up yes yeah welcome next by the
ghost not me yes you thank God we're
time is it why I still door job it's
like seven are you joking me you won't
we have a 7:00
the man is up till 12:00 yeah oh I am
about to break some stuff I'm sorry just
going to bed I had me fine
are you joking with this just go to
sleep I'm sorry
he's gonna roll some okay if the Sun is
not here I will not have my eyes open
okay I'm sorry
go lay down crab on me go crab because
I'd only be woken up yeah my car the
crap guys guys we're gonna steal the
crab is when I wake her up next time
good luck he was God
you guys we have a very important
meeting to go to right now and for some
reason
Bridget thinks it's a good idea to put
on 40 pounds of makeup yeah it's my
claws kill me oh no oh my god oh it
looks good I'm joking with maybe late
Bridget we're going to be late
get out I need to clean my face I'm
sorry hey I'm sorry I need clothes to
know I need clothes to wear dear what
look at yourself okay get out
Warren is away because Michael look like
saying I need clothes you guys is this
what you give away to be applied upon
clothes go WOW what's any or nothing
nothing so let's see here
can't wear okay can't wear none of this
Michael stop it
I got nothing nice to wear stop it oh I
will look stop throwing it on the floor
sorry
this is very oh you're gonna report yes
I'm recording you can't record it I'm
recording bed this is a very important
meeting and I don't have any clothes to
wear
Michael it's a casual meeting wear
casual clothes because guys want honey I
am okay you yell at me that's how this
is happening right yes I am right short
pants and anger at participation she's
yelling us or more clothes so more
closer to happens it's not a big deal
Michael it's funds barely big enough
yeah and it's gonna storm today what I
supposed to worst day ever it's not a
good day I please pick these up though
I'm sorry you're so frustrated but
seriously stop just ready to get
everything over with me too
I can't wait first be over with okay
what's going on you guys kid be on a
camera here no you're not getting the
camera kit be out a camera here
today is Monday and the reason you're
not seeing Bridget right now because I'm
mad at her for waking me up like that
does my sleep not matter it doesn't that
much I mean okay it kind of does but it
doesn't
why I was born it's too damn early I was
bored so let me sleep dunno guys we have
a very busy day today I had to get up in
about another hour and I needed my rest
and she just decided I was really bored
that I understand they don't understand
and they hate you for they understand
what's going on you guys get me out of
camera here
do I see ya right there today is Monday
today is Monday and today we've got a
very busy day so I don't know what time
this vlog is going to go up it might be
really late for now but then after all
that's over we got a whole Monday to
live yeah without you I'd be away pack
your bags
Oh guys why like I was having the best
dream of my life what are you saying
about dude I had a dream with the Krispy
Kreme Doughnuts
and everything was great and summer
something about mashed potatoes and
gravy I don't sounds good yeah you woke
me up from Krispy Kreme I'm sorry that
was desolate I had a bad dream that I
went to out guys
today is Monday today we're busy let's
get this Monday started I don't know
what time we're about to jump to cars
Michael hurry ah once okay guys so
Michael has been searching for food on
Yelp for like 47 hours okay it's been
like 20 minutes it's been like 47 hours
you want the right food or do you just
want some food yes I guess I'm good with
the right food right so we gotta search
for the right but I'm bored
well I'm not having a ball either woody
I'm tap dancing over here silent
we're in a cool area though I hope it
finds with them here well if I want
place called taco boy taco boy
I like tacos this is in wait what I'm
making meatballs tonight yeah boy can't
eat
we gonna make meatballs we can't eat
nowhere well I mean meatball there's
something and I tell you this for me
Michael I want meatball subs we can't
s'mores ice cream in bridges you know
what someone actually write what you
leave so close my purse okay you get
back right I like that answer someone's
actually quiet your Greek place yeah say
you in Greek food no I don't want Greek
food but I gotta ever want anything to
eat I guys are having Greek food all
right you guys we are on our way to a
place right now I want you to let us
know in the comment section where you
think we're going yeah nobody's ever
going to guess Michael row we're gonna
forget a car accident yes
right now right this moment yeah some
reason I believed you anyway okay Rosie
let us know in the comments section
where you think we're going to eat take
a wild guess you guys ahem it's social
decay and they are and they have donut
dog Jesus and was named as cream
krispy kreme guys no Cassie came we're
going to Krispy Kreme Doughnuts bones
Bridget took my attire women never get
it
what if somebody did come on Krispy
Kreme we were talking about food I
covered that I covered that one also
doughnuts our food
so you know our dessert doughnuts our
food yes they are you guys heard of here
first Bridget does not classify
doughnuts as food yes I do
let's go to get some non edibles there
you go in this way I don't know how
chives over here Michael I don't know
how to drive and I know the way to go
there's still time for you guys to send
us in the comments section instances
where you guys think we're haunted we're
going to be reviewing that stuff pretty
soon I am terrified why I don't want to
think about that right now
oh yeah cause it's so terrifying behind
it goes looking out of her window right
now I won't care for this daylight guys
let us note some instances where you
think we're haunted I was asking you
guys yesterday we're going to review it
I'm kind of scared I'm very scared
are we haunted no ghosts aren't real
what they are we were not because ghosts
aren't real but yes they are I want to
do a bit stop talking good things are
not really haunted no could we be not at
all but do I need to pretend to be for
the video absolutely whoa
all right guys we just got to our
destination did any of you guess we were
coming to Krispy Kreme Doughnuts did
anybody get that
yeah guys that's why it gave them the
answer
I know finally here
by the way to play pieces spam oh yeah
they need way more location guys isn't
one I'll report the donut follows in
there of course I did here's me I'm
weird I want a film to donut yeah I'd
really came here both alright I'm gonna
get every all of it you go that you do
it I'm taking everything and yeah I was
totally bothering another customer who
was trying to look at the gun but anyway
we're leaving right now
first I think I'm a gear on the car what
do you think yeah I got this guy's I
felt like really good alright you guys
we are back home right now we have spent
all day doing our meetings and just
tending to a lot of stuff which almost
made it impossible to make those
meatballs
almost you guys are promising you four
days that we were going to make
meatballs and here we go right now I'm
going to show you guys how to make a
peanut butter and jelly kimchi we ran
out of time we can't make the meatball I
swear to God do we really make this
meatball this is not going to be like
the hot dog we're making the meatballs
yeah tomorrow tonight we're on peanut
butter jelly sandwiches so my bread it
is a bread product a hot dog bun who
wants to have a PB and ham analyst not
even richer we don't have any bread okay
Oh what do you want me to do
I'm sorry thing this is what we got we
got a hot dog bun that we're going to
eat the meatball subs in and now I'm
going to eat it a peanut butter jelly
sandwich with it
our fire guys first we're too good spoon
a reliable spoon and then your favorite
brand of peanut butter and jelly I'm
actually using from the mix because I am
like a third grader I think it tastes
better on this place you put it on your
bun or your bread whichever
just like this smooths right over put
that there put it on top that's it
alright
dinner eternity I try it
hmm Angelo's coming
yeah it's dinner we have a few runs
license a long time me either
Wow that's really bad guys you can use
any variation of this they have like
strawberry jams and I use great I even
saw mint jelly but I feel like that
won't work don't do it don't do it
bean barn jelly sandwich tell me you're
joking
dude guys right you feel the frickin
peanut butter and jelly see your
building right yes
right after we fill the peanut butter
and jelly bean Bridget would you hear I
hear the cup but wasn't me like
that ha ha stop it what I smell
something I need to open a window I
can't breathe I hear just how much I use
the flat a ghost experts say like flash
can capture ghosts what I thought it was
a thing see because you did that you
blurred the picture so do me a favor yes
it still anything nothing I say
how are you finding that we'll use that
word we're on it
don't say it no forgot what is that
moving what is that that's what happens
when you mess with the genies and scares
us so my Bridget my heart's pounding
backup song
huh jr. yeah what what are you hearing
something Bridget what are you doing
what is this prank
Oh for what I saw sorry I'm late Oh the
windows overhead welcome units by the
way open that one
we have you talking about - they are
like I never called me back I'm gonna
call someone else you would used to be
our Oh
okay I'm ready to go to bed me too
scared guys review the footage that we
just filmed let me know if you see or
hear anything strange and we might not
have seen we're trying to find out for
haunted Bridget hurt what why are you
saying you like that I'm doing the hour
talking you're trash guys let me know
well that's gonna be it for today guys
thanks for watching
Bridget woke me up today it's not know
what I saw her yesterday answer is right
if you - Oh Bridget woke me up then she
heard a ghost and then we search for the
ghost and she scared me today side ok
don't do that stop dude it really scared
me guys I wanna know for haunted we're
gonna try to figure this out I don't
know anyone behind
first things first I want to apologize
for my attitude at the beginning of the
vlog I apologize
I watched it while I was editing and I
was like ok I'm human
how is she accepted I'm sorry I don't
really apologize I mean all you did was
wake me up I don't have to be so mean
and I apologize that you guys had to see
it so anyway that's going to be in smack
you're like what if you made it this far
into the vlog I told you guys yesterday
the reason I asked you guys to click
like is because really hell
us out with YouTube's algorithm problem
right now it helps me it helps grandpa
it's really helpful to you guys if you
just click the like button just takes a
second click the like button it tells
you to but you want to see our videos
when they go up that's going to be it
for today you guys thanks for watching I
hope we're not haunted I hope we're not
either I don't like being haunted right
now first house like a playful tone
about her if we get on your attitude
will totally change yes of course there
was like subscribe baby funny things
device hey guys
Minister the pod comment comes comet
ghost if you made it right here those
are the real thing that's after they
love you plenty more
