what's going on you guys get beyond the
camera here for Duarte yeah right there
and today is Sunday today is Sunday and
today Bridget and I wanted to do a
different kind of an intro and
unfortunately we didn't get to do it
because it kind of looked like crap it
was kind of embarrassing
guys that meeven get we wanted to do a
face swap with our old faces if you
didn't see the blogs we uploaded the
other day me and Bridget showed what we
would look like as old pimp yeah that's
a whoa guys like I am going to start
later for more Korean progressive
Bridget wants to dramatically change
what she's going to look like when she
gets over we decided to try to do a face
swap with those old faces to do an intro
this is what it looked like what's going
on baby pickle boy behind a camera here
you know what it's a pickle boy for two
eyes here right there and today okay now
now I've got the Bridget face on me
oh my god yeah it didn't turn out that
well you guys okay we look like freaks
yeah I hope it's not accurate it's good
we're not going to look like that okay
oh my god like what if I do
I could see it if you do also love you
Oh today I'm going to sleep with
cucumber slices
Brioni it's good for the eye you really
gonna do that hey that's not important
you guys today is Sunday and before we
get this vlog started I wanted to do the
face swap app again one more time not
the face well the old-age app one more
time with some of your favorite
youtubers because you guys requested it
here we go let's get this sunday started
the other day I told you to let me know
in the comments section who else we
could use on this face app and the
number one request was Mick Jagger you
all want to see mcjuggernuggets old and
I guess a lot of you have already done
it yourself it's free
I mean come on so it's called face that
by the way they're not paying if nothing
I don't even know if they have any
social medias or anything but anyway
here it is you see it yeah
all right we're going to go ahead and
turn him we'll give him a smile for ya
dude that is crazy that does look real
all my lord I was make a mold
yo holy crabs like uncle Larry
it really does my jaw oh that is that is
sweeping crazy who else we got
ah all you guys it Papa cute now he
doesn't I think probably will mr. Hankey
side
it really doesn't like mr. Hankey look I
can't do it okay here's PewDiePie
obviously give him a smile let's put a
smile back face
oh my god that was real as hell looks
too real
oh my face they felt this half based on
his face just one picture is why they
built it
these are going to piss off your own
cash I wore a little true following no
disrespect I love pewdiepie no
disrespect to anybody that we use right
here I'm not trying to offend anybody I
like you guys just doing it for a little
bit of um because people requested it
and that yeah okay nice funny you before
you double bourbon I'm so mad next up is
phase rub who just hit five million
subscribers broke congratulations insert
a red arrow right here face why I got so
bent the red arrow is that I used in my
thumbnail sometimes I get from him are
you guys here we go
I guess I don't need to add a smile to
this one all right oh he's a decent
looking old guy that is insane this
outfit okay
it flies bothering me because this is
like acrid even what these people are
gonna look like after I feel like that's
others right except me it'll be wildly
inaccurate okay yes definitely for sure
me and that I did Bay's rug with some of
brother Brandon bro honest here we go
ready Larry
and smile it looks teary all that will
turn them old so these guys with an age
okay actually yeah good for them come on
you guys got some good DNA going on
congratulations for all your success
damn it I'll do Shannon oh my all people
talk about they want to see Shannon and
so how do you got something else oh here
Shannon from the video blur here we go
let's make her smile first of all cuz
you should have been already oh my god
what is going on here
we're Stannis Oh Shin does not age well
it is not end well for Shannon oh and B
no we just shin it obviously we needed
to do Trish though can't say the word
she's a bit okay Trish in a bitch here
we go here's Trish look at her all o
hatred I just don't like her
alright oh man
good biz oh oh you're not going to be
happy guys that's one more in me maybe I
get one more in me hell all right you
guys I got the worst one yet this is the
most accurate most horrifying age I've
seen yet
oh yeah no there's Bridget it's not
accurate Michael eyes that's it for the
face back for the vlog you guys horrible
amazing horrible anyway no you're not I
will talk about it anymore
we're going to the store we're getting a
set to make meatballs okay guys so right
now Michaels in the bathroom and we're
fixing to leave to go get stuff for
meatballs and I'm going to set the alarm
and I
pretty sure Michael doesn't actually
know the password so I hope he gets
really scared I hope it crap his pants
and Michael I am not really that sorry I
love you though
Michael i father Burgoyne what are you
doing that's a first first of all that
is not a first ok that is a first
no it's not I want my hands every time
Oh real funny I'm sorry it was just a
joke if I am generating hungry I don't
care about your job guys we're going to
the store to get these meatball subs
right now I'm so excited
I have many meatballs subs in a long
time I'm seriously hungry me too I feel
like your mom passed out doesn't cover
the lens well I'm just going to say oh
god me too babe ok bye Felix what
I'm sorry you didn't know perfect
apartment we're just chilling by the
door then huh
you chilled by the door you knew yes I'm
sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry
not really no sorry yes my mom is here
she's standing at the pool
okay why you filming they have no door
Michael is over the door I'm not going
to do it again in the door please open
it this is really great let's just study
alarms again oh we gonna be booked
no okay I promise I won't ever do not
again
well good okay I'm sorry
oh please stop okay
please no more pranks today let's just
make me fall and play video games
Oh hold on
legalistic you too come on I broke
something
oh my gosh open it up there
Mike Michael hey this works alright this
totally word should be cook yes I love
it
yes it's really pliable yes let's go
let's hurry up get our stuff and get out
Michael wait for me I can't run oh I
don't even know so I don't know if you
guys have see me yet but there is a tape
behind the camera ice cream at your
local store right now I'm showing it to
you guys for the first time
the original title is going to be obese
morbidly obese avoid go ahead you are
not
I'm joking obviously right now but I bet
there's a guess so so we're giving me a
blue ice cream you want s'mores
Oh regular it's just like an Ice Cream
Sandwich probably so you guys know this
is not named after me in case people
become being serious
no that was a joke hey slow down mom's
here of course my dear she was here
sorry cry hearty say I'm sorry they're
normally had hurry all that time it was
never interested organs oh I just
completely forgot
hey hello you brought no bags in no
wonder what do I get
come on I need a thumbnail cricket my
girl
some people don't running around no
lighting is better here so what are we
gonna do I don't know I crazy Roy I am
stupid what do you want from me just
tell me what to do forgive us on their
eyes like you're scared do I need to
make it go off again no please don't do
that okay okay so Maya then yes okay
what agree it was I told you guys
earlier in the vlog that we were going
to be making a recipe for you tonight on
this vlog you guys wanted more cooking
blog so I wanted to make this especially
for you guys it's a step-by-step
tutorial on how to make this it's cause
it's cook you got to follow the
instructions because you can easily mess
this recipe up so you guys right now we
are making cereal I'm gonna be honest
nobody wants to cook right now I know
it's already six we can't make me these
meatballs taking a couple hours you guys
we started too late so when I'm making
meatball so instead I'm showing you step
by step how to make a bowl of cereal so
first you're going to want to Boston
Center
yes you're going to want the bag inside
the box open like we prefer frosted
flakes you can get it in the a khabees
it can iterate on your name brand
doesn't matter so just pull this into
the bowl you don't want to book you can
easily overfill the cereal because you
might be funnier than you thought then
you taste milk I prefer red note Bridget
forces me to drink blue you pour it in
here like this always give us a little
extra for sipping afterwards I don't
think I could see those guard up it this
is no this is really complex watch that
bleep should I try it
mmm come on ooh gummies look official
okay Wow that's all done I do guys that
is how to make a bowl of frosted point
guys that was just a joke okay I know
you know how to propose to somebody
feeling like I already know how to do
that so okay guys seriously though you
guys I didn't want to take a minute to
talk to you before we do the outro or
whatever we do after this I want to take
a minute and talk to you guys about a
serious subject
Bridget you don't know what I thought
while yeah I was very serious do I want
to know serious stuff scares me well
you're an adult so we got to talk about
serious stuff sometimes okay right God
take your own advice please guys I want
to talk to you about the fact that we're
hot what everybody's talking about it
don't say that no I don't know exactly
what they're saying I haven't studied
their evidence I don't know what they've
got
I want that yet you guys do me a favor
find any evidence that we're haunted and
send it to me and Bridget on Twitter
because we're going to look into it
because
I'm tired it seems like so much
paranormal stuff has happened since we
moved to this house so we're going to
look into it we're going to find out if
we're hard even we're going to bring in
a psychic I want to know if we're
haunted what's going on so send us any
evidence that you have let us know in
the comment section what video you think
the haunting you've noticed then let us
know in the comment section timestamps
just let us know what do you think's
going on are we haunted I don't know
you better not be well that's certainly
the goal
I don't wanna be content serial hmm
what's up number Michael I'm really
scared
watch what if our haunted Michael you
don't freaking know that I think there
is and I've noticed a lot of people were
like something's up too wait what
like there's a clip on Twitter where it
sounds like just something in the
background I bet huh what were you doing
why don't you give that come on why is
the thurible oh gosh I don't know how I
got here an adult to talk about serious
I am and then I'm gonna doll to drink
out of a freakin dinosaur okay yeah I'm
a baby it's enough get : no hey cover
lens what do you wanna do what else
nothing hey guys
Bridget asked me to do that drinking out
of a sippy cup scene Justin
I wasn't me bridges I wasn't me that
wasn't me I try you to do that I could
not make a conscious choice to drink out
of that thing yes you did
please okay you go think I'm a baby
enough because we're diapers and we
gasket because and you're super such a
rustling you are baby well that's going
to be it for today guys
thanks for watching Bridget had a whole
lot of laughs at Mike's what the hell
just happened
IND that well though you know guys she
did it hey David come on bro
I am Starr a lot of lots of my expense
you set off the alarm now you're turning
on lights maybe think we're haunted with
all the other sub things do we think are
haunted without you to know guys we're
gonna get out of here thanks for
watching remember tell us in the
comments below and on Twitter if you
found an instance where you think we're
haunted yeah let us know fish it last at
their crap that's going to be a beta
guys thanks for watching smack the like
button if you made it this far into the
vlog so you guys know for a little bit
of transparency because I don't want to
lie to you guys
the reason I asked you guys to click
like is because during these hard times
on YouTube it really helps us to get a
lot of likes and stuff so if you guys
can click that like button a bunch of
times it would really help us out with
the algorithm because YouTube sucks
right now so anyway that's going to be
interesting I don't even know what's
going on with YouTube right now they're
not sending notifications out for videos
and you know you got to ad pocalypse
going on but the ad pocalypse is the
worst of the problem the biggest of the
problem is not sending you guys our
videos so if you guys could smack the
like button let YouTube know that you
guys like our videos that's why we do it
I find new ways to do it but I really
want you guys to know straight-up that's
why we're doing I want you guys to be in
the know so what I'm going to get out of
here thanks for watching you guys
smack the like button a bunch of times
if you want YouTube to fix this
algorithm that's a what thing I don't
say that's for watching thanks for
watching like subscribe favorite I want
everything for us and that's it I love
you guys so much I love you boy I love
you guys more will you marry me will you
marry me
no I will not that don't really mean I
bother me wrong I will maybe like I
would I never uh come on that round
