what's going on you guys get me out of
camera here the doors here right there
today is Friday literally it's private
but you guys are seeing this vlog on
Saturday and the reason this blog is
starting off on Friday instead of
Saturday is because tonight is angry
grandpas debut twitch stream oh my gosh
I'm so excited I'm very nervous I'm very
excited anything can happen when your
lives you guys nervous guys tonight is
the night to be nervous
I think I'll be right by the time
they've seen this they've already
watched the twitch stream so either
a-wing good or and horrible I don't know
was it good let us know in the future
guys let us know you guys are in the
future right now I'm gonna go I don't
really know how it went
yeah was it horrible I don't know it's
possible guys today Tim might embarrass
himself hey I was moving on okay I do
you know I did not embarrass myself
today is Saturday and if you didn't see
the vlogs we uploaded yesterday we used
to fake that which if you don't know
what that is you can use it to make
yourself look old and it's creepily
accurate
Bridget hopefully it isn't guys this is
what we look like oh my god dude
hey a lot of people said that I look
like angry grandpa a lot of people said
that I don't look like a grandpa a lot
of people say I look like Kathy Bates I
can see it dude you look like Kathy
Bates
I really do like that crazy anyway you
guys today is Saturday by the way we
actually want to do the face acting
again so let us know in the comment
section some people that you want us to
do don't send us any women because I'm
not going to do it because a lot of
ladies are sensitive about their aging
and I don't want to insult anybody and
hurt anybody's feelings so it's not guys
yeah I told you I didn't want to do
yours that face again I really did like
Chucky no guys look we're getting this
Saturday started we got a lot to do
we're going to grandpa's port which
right now
bathroom using this in dat green because
she's allow she looked on Aging written
that sounds abroad Burke why are you
doing this aah
those are something only work when we
get it does a giant one wrinkle yet yeah
because you're freaking like 22 years
old 43 years old
you're frickin young I'll be 24 okay no
Bridget it's not he can't be serious
with this Michael
I'm very serious that's right tell every
with you
you are nobody is using anti-aging cream
right now first I come the whole thing I
can see is behind your back right out
Bridget look I was filming the whole
time what is this stuff it's Lancome
it's all blurry right now where's the
title right there triple action why is
it freaking so blurry come on
I'm done Michael get out I gotta do this
no air it is everybody
high-resolution whatever aging cream you
don't need this crap oh yes I do your
number I'll thank myself later are you
into the future now what I'm like 55 I
can like pat myself on the back at 23
okay where's it Eden do I need it in my
aging band
I don't think aging bad I don't know
guys I am only 18 what do you think guys
I'm pretty sure all these aging creams
are crap there's not a fire how can you
I don't have blend wrinkles you have
some bitter hands are registered with
the FDA that's a food it's not it's not
like medicine yeah but if it's something
that can fundamentally change your like
face permanently they have to register
with the FDA moisturizer and it runs
wrinkles in my opinion I don't buy it I
think it's full guys wondering what's
your opinion do you think this up works
or is it crap
I think it's pure crap I think it's pure
not crap I think it's actual feces
it's not actual PC mr. Lancome just crap
into a thing you put it all over your
face
no guys good stop I don't mind any
prinkle it is good it is we're leaving
in just a second to go to grandpa's
first I'm opening up a box a wrestle
crate where are we Bridget stop using
stuff before we go to Grandpa's house I
want to open the pro-wrestling crate
unbox it I went to open there's freaking
like three shirts so those are going
right to the side a sticker came out of
the box what do you got here so they
said that the theme for the wrestling
box this month are animals so let's grab
some random animals okay what does it
have to do with animal Oh Coco beware
that was the dude who used to carry the
like the fair without alright our first
item Suns okay what do sunglasses have
to do with animals I don't know oh it's
for the wrestler Coco beware which if
you don't know he used to walk out with
a parrot so Coco beware sunglasses
alright what else we got in here micro
brawler the young bucks that has nothing
to do with animals at all except they're
trying to promote their little thing we
got a micro brawler young buck next up
is a shark boy bottle opener very cool
he is still doing this Shark Boy is a
wrestler that does like a stone-cold
impression I guess he still does it he's
living with it bottle opener this is
really cool this is a Ricky the dragon
steamboat autograph this is his match
with macho man this is awesome a Ricky
the dragon steamboat autograph this is
freaking sink the reason I know who the
citizens of apollyon this is a rhino
charge Wow the reason I was Paul Hamm
toe says gore is a phrase Paul freer
this is Rhino sure I like that as am I
sure it really is I can't tell if this
is I'm over the last okay we have here
another animal surf who are you
oh yes Tatanka I guess is an animal
would be the Buffalo that is so cool
Tatanka and part of the cooler we got
here this is Dalton castle if you got
whoo Dalton castle is he's been bring up
on her you got to managers is called the
twins well they're not called the twins
I called look thing one and thing two
the twins they are fans of us I've met
them at the Ring of Honor events they're
really awesome
it's just Dalton castle Wow Dalton boys
I guess you would call them up look
Dalton castle is awesome his animal is
the peacock this is the Dalton capture
this is also that era colistin I love it
guys we're going to Grandpa's house
right now but I have to take a moment to
disrespect WWE person
hi guys today they announced their new
pay-per-view and it's called great balls
of fire
they're trying to make me not be a
wrestling fan you guys they're really
trying really hard Vince please stop
working so hard because it's going to
work okay this was a wrestle crate we're
going to grandpa's chocolate bunny
coffee what yeah real caught a dude
talking money thought it was pretty good
guys we're at grandpa's house right now
we were preparing for the first twitch
livestream and one of the things about
yeah oh come now
let me do it he had been a ball of
nerves oh good hey hello should I write
the down the sidewalk down you know good
don't hit do that's interesting only
were ever half out
this was good anytime kidding me
that smells great i centimeter listen
don't smell this I smell from here
smells disgusting smelly how does that
times are doing a little chatter buddy
it's just gonna be chocolate flavored
coffee that those go together really
well yeah you can probably coat like a
steak with this like uniform a uniform
crawl kappa fries what would call ya'll
crap apparatus the unicorn or a Pacino
yeah 17000 just want to think that
eating tonight folks
Oh dad Charles I mean oh my goodness
Charlie we're anchovies you're
respectful about it man I let me get you
doing your gotta be respectable people
tend to think they know he's gonna hate
it
sardines this is best part of the tuna
yeah where is your respect on the
freakin table so strumming looks
technically exited do it he's like what
the hold it I don't know man it looks
like mold and these are la most tard da
die fruit ah there's gonna be an
interesting night is it
but with a little chocolate bunny okay
your vision ch√°vez buddy the coffee
probably going to be good this stuff Oh
Adam I like this I just tried one I did
not like them I don't see what you like
it tastes like actual jelly yeah super
Italian super mm jellybeans dad love
jelly bean but it does oh I know it
looks like hearing aid all is from all
Italy
nothing I lied down Rufus Ollie's we
will find out tonight anyway so if you
been saving this stuff just for this
adjust to this but you had this like two
months goes to this guys we're getting
ready for the first angle grandpa live
stream on Twitch wish us luck
all right you guys we are live right now
on grandpa's twist trip Charlie had
better go balls to the wall and eat some
sardine Bob and I got little Bowl okay
better man here we go folks
all right plop we don't what these can
show us let it to the camera probably
don't want to get pretty can it is pink
oh god oh my god oh hell no dude who the
girl look like raw chicken
oh the camera yeah he got in there he
did daddy can't help it I know but who
made me don't eat it Oh Ted this is why
we wanted to eat it
whoo oh my god
just get it is hard it's all a partner
there you go because I'm using my heart
in backyard if you love this stuff just
by the way it looks
laughing here we go folks is that still
a soup come on it's not like a no it's 3
o'clock in the more I eat bowls ooh nice
salsa live stream was really good yeah
what I love like I caught him oh yeah
how was awesome where the soup okay it
smells so good it does smell good my
steps well I don't know my step the
money or not tell you didn't interview
you know what happened is I was right
here you guys
thrown the live stream and marty was
like under my leg area and I stood up
and I went to step down and she and I
scared her didn't I there's a grout that
she loves me right now though you know
Mir you hate me more
yeah just friends again good golly Miss
morning we're okay now we're all good oh
okay
I forgive you for yelping I missed out
on ours laughing
so anyway live stream is over that went
really well when a little lob I'm
exhausted
seriously I have to do yeah yeah not to
pass out which is something you'll be
able to drive yeah Marty wait till
Sunday
how why that go go oh my god you want
twitch overload I love it if you can't
be happy with it yeah that's a lot of
back to soon
yeah a lawsuit well Lauren how
everything go tonight good other than a
couple little bugs I gotta work out okay
yeah there was a couple of hiccups going
to show you guys it was a little bit of
dead air though sometimes we know what
to say
we'll work on that we're still new to
this but enlargement process it was a
lot of fun leather line it's a learning
process
unlike dad back in the soup he knows
what he's doing yeah and you just know
what you're doing there's no asking
opinions about it you do in the right
all right Marty you let you go oh please
don't step with me okay make me that
promise all right Marty he's so cute
well I guess we may leave a drop-off
here in a second what good is this
anyone all that well rib Wow
you only choke home we're in Sunday we
won't save the corporate for two days
usually all right you guys we're gonna
head out of here are you going anywhere
to eat no he doesn't need any tonight I
mean we're going to go to checkers or
Arby's I'll be them are be a little
walking over checkers like crime well
I'll add table of night so I gotta hop
stay off the church you're not a real
check your Sam guy we're adding here
thanks for joining us we're going home
and then the vaults are going to
continue tomorrow
yeah they see you honey
there is a CF before Sunday
