but there's my my Drake was sitting
right here yeah so on when we came out
okay I left it right there I'm gonna go
use the phone come back out my drink was
gone so they literally just walked up
and stole a drink off the hoodie or gone
dude
what's going on you guys get me out of
camera here but to us here right there
today is Saturday today is Saturday and
if you're wondering why I don't have
this or any of this makes my head look
huge no it does II yes I try to do this
look look you want below my eyebrows
well don't do that like a thumb okay
guys you're wondering how this happened
chances are you didn't see yes for his
vlog which nobody did number one we
uploaded it late number two YouTube
didn't send out notifications so if you
haven't seen it
stop the video go check it out Bridget
made me think I had head lice it's not
funny sounds like a song oh yes I do yes
I do
awesome yesterday we uploaded the lyric
video for see you soon if you haven't
seen that check out the link below you
guys today is Saturday today I've tell
you something
what you're not ready for this what I
have a surprise for you tomorrow why
would you tell me if there's the prize
of today yeah I did it on purpose
what's the surprise I'm not telling you
what's the support a surprise you'll
find out tomorrow I guess I got a
surprise coming hey what are you doing
I've seen yours real good luck amigo Oh
children well you're never in here I was
just checking on you mmm-hmm what's
wrong something's wrong I can tell do
you go fine just okay
just I'm kind of confused little angry I
would I was talking to Kim on the phone
and she had another dream of dad last
night
really Jennifer had one the other day
seriously
Lawrence had some I haven't had a dream
my dad yet it might take time you're the
closest to him what does that mean it
means you know it might just take a
little longer how long does it take your
grandma to have a dream about Sumner I
want to say a year really yeah everyone
else had a dream about him but her are
you happy about that no I haven't good
dude I don't get it though happen it's
so frustrating
everybody's having dreams with me it'll
happen babe just don't think too hard on
it
I don't think too hard oh I don't even
think about it until someone tells me
yeah I had a dream about dad I'm like
what the hell man where's my dream what
am I doing wrong you're not doing
anything wrong I mean
I just feel like the closest you are
just someone it just takes longer no I'm
not the biggest believer right yeah but
I would love to like have a dream I know
who happened
don't worry don't get discouraged just
take some time also oh yeah I do
remember fellow award guys from right
there and I was like we got to put this
up you're gonna put it in a real Frank
yeah I want to reframe this and hang it
somewhere okay who'd who sent us this
was like an Amy maybe yeah 2013 thank
you whoever you sitting this it means so
much so we have to fix this definitely
and I gotta have a dream soon because
I'm going stir-crazy you you'll have fun
don't worry it'll happen I promise what
is going on what are you saying
what is going on I don't understand what
you're saying
what gas station are you out what's
going on
where are you what gas station I don't
why don't you look at the sign
cheese brown like calm down what do you
want me to do you already call Lauren
okay you can't get your keys up there in
the car okay okay
your first rated Emma let it slide we're
on the way okay we're on the way did you
hit any of that what happened I don't
know
did she ever say what Gossage if she's
at Circle K she didn't say which one oh
guys there's two on Central Avenue yeah
we got to go I get this mustard stain
out yeah Michael Emma what I don't
exactly know what she means when she
says she's stuck at the gas station but
we're on our way
Jennifer help is on the way rescue is
just around the corner here we go we got
to go save Jennifer from the gas station
she sounded scared she sounded worried
she sounded like she was about to cry
let's be honest she was on the verge of
tears
let's go save her Jenny I don't know how
you get yourself into these predicaments
but I'm very curious to see what's going
on either you are stuck or you're just
lying because we know you lie we're not
look I love you but you lie sometimes
okay
of course why would she lie we are on
our way to the look let's go see Jenny
I don't see you she said she was here at
Circle K does she get like her keys wait
a minute
how many circle K's did we have four
four you better be the next one there's
a cop leaving this one right now yeah
that's a good sign or oh there they are
where right there oh there they are
Park over here geez I should get
involved in this stuff I don't even know
what's going on keep tapping on the
glass I know what you're saying what's
going on Mikey my phone Russy the keys
are in the car so you called me from the
phone here yep
so just try opening the very back tried
everything
someone's don't know why someone stole
my drink off the top of my car here here
ask the boys Jimmy this isn't funny you
guys are trapped at a gas station right
now
this was open a crack so what's the plan
here because I mean okay a locksmith I
could go get a spare key you have a
spare key take her home I get the keys
and come back I was gonna walk home
we're not going to let you guys walk I
was gonna walk what were they gonna do
chill by the trashcan for you to get
back right hi Jay
I got stay here listen you can't enter
up the adults mother talk okay
have a little respect okay I love you I
felt like a homeless person instead of
sitting there with my drink and standing
over there just like you know I'm
wondering what in the world I'm not
gonna do who's gonna help me he's scared
it's under the home I know she was
crying when she called you were I was
crying look there's my trace was sitting
right here yeah so on when we came out
okay I left it right there go use the
phone come back out go drink was gone
so they literally just walked up and
stole a drink off the hoodie or gone
dude my car on I was risking life and
limb I'm gonna no Jimmy come here oh
yeah watch it I got to know which one
you did it
okay see when you say it like that you
get hugs and forgiving yeah at least
you're honest
was it you it was Jay wasn't why did you
admit it for what you hold on
nothing did you lock the doors no I cut
before she got I got
before she got the keys I like in this
guy I need to know what's going on let
me know in the comment section who do
you think did it
my money's on this one what's going on
Ricky you can't find your keys it look
like keys bridges like what do they look
like okay
they're silver pieces of just look for
keys sorry I don't mean II Albert are
you searching inside jugs of paint
like seriously yeah seriously seriously
oh wait a minute there are holes right
here oh oh there - you get in there
fixed yeah okay that is good but they're
not in the paint
what do they look like
okay well let's just do this tour one
more time
have you ever seen a thing keys before
it was like very hey you see these keys
actually they're all actually barely
tell with this how about this if you see
what keys there's keys somewhere grab
them and we'll let you know what I'm
sorry he wears it okay but if you see a
pair of keys chances are that's probably
them okay well I don't like that look
it's like sadistic
we gotta find this keys Jenny what is
going on up there
will you help at least oh my god why I
don't know what do they look like
Jennifer okay here what are you doing in
there
wait those are like that's what she is
she takes a wig off when she gets home
put your keys in the jar what's fun a
lamp
you don't plug that it's a fire hat Oh
like don't you do it here we go yes good
now we good yes okay all right I'll be
back but wait let me get my keys
actually what it look like
Hollywood does that mean one day
you're not gonna Hollywood on Monday
zero let's see guys let's take a guess
how many missed calls none no missed
calls that's like the worst feeling in
the world
when you're away from your phone for
like two hours of it okay I gotta be
pulling up with notification and you
check good nope oh not even like a tweet
messes me what circle-k are you at I
would have told you if my phone was a
how are you cooling here
oh alright it's handled now what my keys
go
you lost your keys already this can't be
happening dude wait what are you doing
I don't have a dollar you got to pay for
this
Jimmy what are you doing okay well what
do you mean a dollar don't you have to
pay them for like Washington Park well
we're gonna put it you'll throw in the
garbage
Jimmy you're not even doing it right
he's doing a great job Michael
nobody see it good job okay he's
technically doing it right yeah does
mama have you do this like she's like
wash my windows oh you just like doing
it okay well we know it's profession now
window washer after you dad you have to
you do with this car the action is over
you guys that's gonna be it for today
thanks for watching man Jennifer ignore
that that was the sound of the floor
creaking Jennifer how do you lock your
keys in the car how does that happen
that's a that's the oh damn that floor
creeps things guys how does that happen
how do you lock your keys in the car and
then you just I don't know hey there's
one hood it is guys thanks for watching
if you haven't seen the lyric video
check out the link below I hope you guys
enjoy it it's very emotional it was very
emotional to put out thanks for watching
you guys it's really late time to go to
bed like subscribe favorite yeah
Jenny
you
