what's going on you guys kid behind the
camera here
Brigitte West not here and the reason
bridge West is not here is because she's
actually still inside and I'm doing the
intro right now hey Bridget say Bridget
was here right there yeah how long guys
what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here
do I see Yeah right there today is what
day is it - Thursday
hey it's Thursday you're seeing this on
Friday we are starting this vlog up on
Thursday night because where we going
we're going over to grandpa's because he
needs help guys
grandpa needs help let's walk grandpa
needs help you guys he doesn't know how
to work his computer he doesn't have to
work his microphone I gave him the
microphone today he'll humiliated myself
already two minutes enters a vlog of
humiliated myself so anyway I gave
grandpa alright calm down Michael
I gave grandpa what why is it work guys
we're going to grandpa's he can't work
the microphone he's live-streaming I'm
covering the lens goodbye guys we are
really on the razor's edge right here my
gosh I'm speeding dad is streaming at
eight please do not strain hey happen
there I'm sorry what what the hell is
you I don't know I've screwed everything
up I'm going ten over Michael I'm trying
to get there as fast as I can
please don't speed I don't want to die
in a car accident guys
grandpa and talk about later grandpa is
stream is little of the only grandpa's
streaming in about ten minutes my phone
is ringing right now I know it's him I'm
not going to answer it this is going to
yell at me
oh my dad I'm on my way I promise I'm
gonna look at your microphone okay be
there soon soon go ahead
now you daniyar why is it working
oh yeah I called you over here this is
the microphone is the microphone it
works go it works that whatever would be
what does this be Cameron unavailable
key popular what does that mean good
right oh right well no I leave this
catechol supervisors guys the mic works
fine I'll test it just a minute with you
make sure it gets you can get loud with
it and everything but right now grandpa
is live-streaming guys by the time you
see this it's already happened actually
what the hell that is bizarre and a
couple minutes but we can figure it out
this is like live news like oh my god
breaking news guys
God is getting crazy alright now I want
you to do is tree what all right all
scream what wha
I don't hear how loud it gets tonight ah
I see me fucking screaming louder than
that we'll talk
and this was just trying to ball in my
back anyway guys you just let me walk in
we're working on this grandpas live
shouldn't in just a minute okay all the
time Charlie are you ready for tomorrow
night which tomorrow night the live
preview eating with that or waiting if I
start inspecting for efficient like a
look right oh oh I have to make an
apology by last night what do you mean
assuming that somebody got pity because
I didn't get a shout out at by grateful
to hear and listen so Kimberly I'm sorry
your daughter yeah
are you serious yeah Jim come on
really Kim I love you but come on hey
honey what healthy a charlie
what's up yeah Holly how you keep
anything right now
that's not again I got soda out of the
deals like a kill war boy
I know you always draw every night
streaming any less one thing I do is it
keeps cutting all that came to touch it
what that's in the settings I don't know
yeah we a different officer you guys
this is what it looks like this is the
setup we got Lauren running on the
computer again yeah coffee can tell you
like you got coffee cans join about what
you doing oh yeah I'm blogging oh okay
we got coffee cans holding the webcam
the microphone lower are under the
computer and dad right there see me let
me get you situated again this goes in
hey John so this is the setup you guys
get off of here live streaming's alright
you guys
I am leaving grandpa's house right now
he is black streaming yeah I wanna see
say hello to YouTube everybody hey goes
out on YouTube hello YouTube well yes
make the camera comes going also talk
about scurrying in
ha ha situation a little know that
jumping besties I remember Papa mo pop
our I got famous for knowing showing up
to the dairy all right yeah yeah Paul
Paul yeah I tried before do the chat but
every we'll show a number shows already
this I'm out everybody dad have a good
three months later Charlie we're headed
out cool to talk about it
alright everything on your printer yep
all right guy to go for why do so bad
because guys oh well
come on light come on usually when we go
through there and we do the online
ordering they read it back to us and we
always usually go way overboard when we
come to Taco Bell yeah there's a problem
that I have when I'm using that Taco
Bell app that I don't realize what I've
gotten until it's too late
it was I'm like okay I think we got
enough food and I look just like a
hundred dollars like oh my god we
overdid it definitely was not a hundred
dollars this day it was forty dollars
yeah I was expecting him to read it back
to us but they didn't now I wish I would
have gone 200 no I was just thinking
about Brazil right as we're waiting
remember that time they told you to come
in for the order yes guys one time we
order from the app and it was a big
order and Brizzy got here it I wasn't
here but I was on the phone because I
was like I want to go with you today I
made an excuse alchemy in the kitchen if
you go without me
and every day I didn't clean I'm on the
phone listening and they were like I'm
excuse me man can you come in for this
order and Bridget without blinking and I
was like I can't my legs are broken
good dragging you with yelled again are
you guys we're about to go swimming my
queen I mean lazy ah the good can be
hidden yes he was totally hidden guys
are surprised that was a big surprise
you guys yeah all right you guys by the
way it's the next day if you can't tell
by all the sunlight Raja jaja
you ready to go swimming boy already I
love when you go swimming it so they
yell to do oh for sure
just frantic at first but then we'll
just swim around and go first oh we're
working with you me to walk in ha and
they will set up Oh Oh buddy alright
take over now we'll be back oh oh my god
what do you think the surge uh stop it
what is that thing what is it
stop okay how's the worth of uh
screaming up yeah like I want you to
walk over there and get it
oh forget this damn bug you think it's
real funny yes you scared my bag mine
oh that's about 70 Cos Cob now ah be
easier on me oh come here lazy boy how
for you I'm using water now - my buddy
alright lazy anybody oh dude
lucky is not lazy those are not offense
getting a quick involved where to go
it's over there like in the middle ah
see you
this thing is terrifying man oh really
Michael stop I just cried I don't
yeah Bridget are you serious it's in
your hair oh wait baby you've missed me
for that Michael
no no what's wrong I don't have to scare
me anymore I really get the fuck off mom
Daniel easkey please ruined it
why did you ask me because I thought
you're gonna scare me Oh buzz out of
here okay well hurry up do it see what
happens
I throw the camera on the pole don't
really do that yep all right I'm putting
this my crotch where I'll never do it
lady was it oh my god dude does do it
that lady you've gotta stop we need that
no order do it now yeah listen cover
lens all right what are you ready what
that oh I'll get it
oh my adorable here it is the cutest
he's like a little otter exactly I think
Oh crazy
oh my guys over here oh yeah buddy all
right a little more swimming oh my no
more swimming for ladies yeah all right
ladies ready no way fun over there oh my
gosh I love it dude he's so cute all
right ladies do it I'm just there he's a
sewer wall
you know hey they know Pro oh you so
cute I gonna play with your little ball
I don't want to cover the limb put on
your shirt as dress though
all right you guys before I get out of
here I wanted to take a time to use that
face app that I asked you guys the
Common Core yesterday a lot of people
have been telling me about it I've
actually used it on Twitter and I did
not like the result but I want you guys
to see it right now we're going to use
it right here take a picture this is
what I'm gonna look like when I get old
because you guys this thing is like
scarily scarily accurate I feel like I
feel like this is one building as an old
person so first take a picture so I just
added the picture in here okay here we
go you guys
first we'll see it'll look like with a
smile why are my peoples and Austin
Powers like what is this all right here
we go you ready hold oh my god it's
angry grandpa yo guys this thing is my
accurate that looks like my dad do me
you yet guys we're doing bridges all
right with you guys
boom all right let's make we're just
smile you get that awesome power sing -
oh my god
all right oh oh as Bridget as an old
lady you guys what oh my god dude this
is insane this app I hate it how I was
young young it was the same I want to
take a minute and test this app to see
if it really is accurately going to
describe somebody when they get older so
here is George Bush we all know what
George Bush looks like old so let's see
if it gets it right
yo that is push dude bro that is a
curative oh that's it don't percept
exact what you going old pal
you tell Michael oh no he'll who else
can we go we got to try other people now
I'll try other youtubers see jesse
wellens jesse well when you've aging
great dude Jesse well looks like he's 19
I look like I'm freaking 47 and Jesse
well it looks like 17 okay are you guys
we got jesse wellens here we'll see a
smile oh my god he pulled off the fake
smile turn of old oh man he's all he's
like like a frickin Al Pacino like like
Robert De Niro over a great look at all
who else
um Joe LR Joe Weller okay and then
broman out Lloyd I'll do all right all
right Joe Weller you look awesome - what
the hell man didn't even age at all
oh my gosh here we go you got Shane
Dawson okay it's like these people are
aging awesome I know it's like they got
way more money than I specified but this
thing knows so you know dehydrate man
all right cross my fingers that at least
Roman at what age is horrible
okay all right here we go Roman Atwood
time jacala he kind of looks like the
guy off of like Impractical Jokers a
little bit I just see that but still he
was great I'll tell it's just me and you
what the hell Charlie what's right
charlie okay this has got to be all
right
he's going to be in our boat - right
he's got my DNA he's gotta be here
Charlie I was first gift all your smile
oh my god alright let's turn on mold
folks
holy crap dad yeah dude what is this
thrown in this car
this thing is accurate Bridget I don't
like this foolproof way bridges to find
out if this is how we're going to look
or not use another picture and see if we
look like the same old person oh here we
go guys
now I've actually used this one before
but I forget how it looked oh that's the
same dude that's the same do the Thank
You grandpa
oh my gosh I like this dude let me do
another one this is one little egg it's
an old guy dude I hate it your
temperatures Norfolk you this is me
animal hospital gown
summary let's bow our Birds I'm unloaded
up before you see it no it's the same
lady dude guy this is Bridget oh no dude
is my nose double in size
I don't know you look as a bus driver
here guys this is us when we get old I'm
doing the outro I hate this this is not
cool I hate it not cool
I'm cover the way I can't look like that
well that's going to be it for today you
guys thanks for watching
that is what we're gonna look like as
old people that's crazy oh my gosh
Michael you're gonna leave me no I'm not
I look horrible - we really hold -
horrible looking old people I get to our
bag facelift Bridget you're not gonna
look like a horrible old person okay
it's just an ab I hope oh my god cuz you
know I've been taking care of my face
and it's not going to pay off what's the
boy guys
this is a side-by-side of me and Bridget
with old people that's gonna be us dude
all right let's go - Bridgette is an old
woman no what do you want for dinner
tonight
Michael now let's go - me anything okay
right yeah I look like a your grandpa
that's what's going on he really yeah I
won't be Donald I want whatever just
give me should be eat huh oh my god guys
that's crazy your brother looks
identical yeah it's pretty trade-in is
really anything wow it's pretty crazy
that's going to be up for a day of guys
smack the like button if you made it
this far into the vlog
Bridget seems to think you guys can get
past 20,000 because you impressed
everybody so much with the Doug thing I
don't think you can I'm setting the goal
20,000 can you reach it smack the like
button I don't think it's fun I'm you're
right
I think I could do it look it's not
possible it might be possible this got
this happy it'd be insane that would be
so cool they got 40,000 on the doug
video that was crazy
Ella I'm actually like what if you made
it this far into the blog and in the
comment section post the word old Oh
guys that's gonna be it for today you
guys like subscribe favorite honor
everything for us
that'll make our hitter I have sunburn
well that would add matter my face
actually hurt like maybe I should stay
out the Sun bye everybody age good bye
everybody
