what's going on you guys kid behind the
camera here angry grandpa right there
and today we're going to Best Buy
because dad is getting a microphone and
what was the other thing
using this between yeah you were get a
microphone and what speakers a lot of
speakers oh right right right guys so
people can hear me when I went on the
phone y'all make it here right guys last
night was grandpa's very first twitch
stream and it technically doesn't count
as his first stream - it's crazy
it was a test run on Twitch I'm twitch
crazy your you got the twitches I got
two inches
grandpa's got the twitch so last night
was his very first twitch stream and he
loved it the only problem was his
microphone soggy
would you get the car let's go what
getting late you mean a second hold on
guys his microphone sucks and he was
calling in okay
the microphone sucks he was calling you
guys and the microphone he was calling
you almost no good so right now we are
going to Best Buy we're getting a
microphone we're getting a new speaker
to call you guys on so grandpa now what
here we go now why are you so mad good
I'm ready to go we're going to the Best
Buy why you so slow because I'm fat I'm
fat high mood you're not that even with
180 pounds I was only five learned that
you do know so you got body just morphia
go what body dysmorphia when you see
your view when you think your body it's
like worse than it is it is
Bobby dysmorphia assessment yes there is
it is a medical condition and you got it
I am NOT there's all security stuff oh I
don't mean no security you probably do
but you just refuse to do it
I must you ready you also got charlie
I can see it there's my security right
there hit them so yeah headphones are
right here so microphone should be close
by it
yeah buddy put what's in the eye you've
got you did what
poked myself in the eye all right yeah
looks all right
we mustn't wrong
oh cool we don't need a real big speaker
this that's when you need right there
hooah for your speaker Pro kicking the
price it's windy little speaker so that
when we're doing the show people going
there on the phone talking people in
Europe mine is one $14.99 what 49 has
four you want this one yeah now you need
that's the quality's not gonna be as
good as you need or this one here twelve
Nance's that's not bad at all that's not
$12.99 that's just $12.99 129 what are
you kidding me that's the price for
maximum yeah but it's like
studio-quality I understood you I'm in
the kitchen
you know what Michael hunter Tori that
hang you know Mike let's go what I mean
when I now go my fault dad it's a small
investment let's go
your youngest couldn't hear you last
night that guys last night you saw every
time dad would scream I hope Sami was
farting okay it was horrible it was
you didn't fart last money I know it you
wait beams and everything my dollar
besides last night for dinner grandpa
how to bowl of bean started out that
brought them and I don't think you're
gonna fart a lot for W from me and he
never did well anyone I'm gonna go on
these well I got a microphone at the
house sort of Walmart what one of my
house I don't use of stuff it's a road
microphone it's good whatever you want
to do Michael you can use that one just
don't want the boys to sore so when
you're done with it put it out you can
put everything up when we be done with
her then push get out of it well there
you go that's all the matters alright as
you get this in oh yeah you guys this
right here it's a speaker so we can call
you guys live that then people can hear
you so careful what you say
what does that mean oh what'd they say
yeah are you guys we got we're getting
from here we're heading out of Best Buy
right now
get dad in the shot we're leaving Best
Buy microphones handled I got one
we're good enemies we'll look at what
you hear no you not really none neither
well video games you should tweet you
straight into it you should stream video
games one day that's a good idea
I'll play on one day guys click like if
you own grandpa's going twitch playing
like GTA or something because I've never
seen it that I solved the one time I
haven't seen it since I want to see it
again I'll do it here we go guys
here you go dad get this one what's that
be good speaker and 55 we're now yeah
look at it
Lenny done that big for you boy I'm
standing close to eat here yeah that's
like a as a stadium speaker that's a
night he figured it 1949 no that's
that's 49 then that no that's 499 okay
we're getting this one no we're not yeah
we are
let's just go figure to get out of here
you notice how the speaker is bigger
this is methods just the air pure fuck
man
so I'll be alarmed Oh almost all dad
asked you it
I'll tell look there's a cop there for
you already
yeah the cop from yet Santos my scutum
this early the morning and let's just
from yesterday well you guys we're
headed out of here
we're leaving best bye grandpa got what
he needed now we're going home and give
you a microphone yeah then we're going
is up I'll have to hook it all up and
then I might get on for an hour get on
to try - ooh my god so we're gonna kill
him twit it'll be old okay tonight he's
torch which crazy I love it
it was a good table Kiko does lens oh I
didn't expect him to be able to oh I was
gonna bitch about it he had a thing this
is the microphone you can just have it
guys or you'll give me son yeah this is
a good microphone this will record any
of my music going you give me that yes
where's why oh how you get my ranking -
liar why I already put the back seat you
don't need wire the wire is in your back
seat in the back already put it back
here dad look headset wire okay I want
to give you a microphone camera
yeah I'm shameless okay you shameless
here you go man now are you going to
test it I said to die to my company I
like that you give you alone I could be
French not completely tonight what road
East and for me it's the brand who makes
it oh it's a really good microphone I
got it from that dude PSV so what's that
that's your volume so you would let long
worry about honor
we should rip that
down there okay and I goes into your
computer and there will be no more of
that oh my god now we go find out cuz
I'm gonna do a tried knife about an hour
trial Ronald twitch you guys heard it
here first trial little twitchy twitch
eight o'clock eight o'clock
you guys go he's going to do a trial run
and then tomorrow night it's the first
real twitch stream and this is going to
eating a bunch of crap what kind of crap
we drove a crap you said it last night
on Twitch what oh yeah got all kind of
stuff that got said McNeely yeah you've
got what looks like anchovies and what
uh one of the tune of stuffed into like
like things I don't know look at
plankton we will eat it tomorrow night
them alright yeah and I know you ain't
I'm not even a thing I'll be there to
watch a lap because I will throw up and
I think that's against Terms of Service
all right dad I Love You Man over to see
you
love you guys bye Bridget fine walk out
well here yeah I just wanna get in my
car well yeah yeah I'm doing here with
Cindy we're headed
now yeah mom has never been here
obviously wasn't a good time of day rule
thing is guys I don't know how this
happened if you're seeing this you can
tell we are not in the Chinese place
because number one bridge I forgot to
bring the camera I don't even blame me
Michael left it in the car we recorded
going inside the place we're talking
about you didn't bring out while you
were eating but you're like alcohol a
rock I was eating garlic chicken wings
guys you guys understand we would have
recorded with garlic chicken wings
anyway I was ready to go home although
Michaels pretty much forced to be my mom
to a star called out hide yourself I
have
maybe he just totally ruined I was gonna
say I told Bridget she's like where do
you want to be at home and now here we
are a store called at home we're getting
some like seriously guys
we're like a cushion store no there's
everything here man
he'll take this just were completely
opens up Todd
what does in collapses oh that's scary
get remember they're coming up slowly
that would be horrible oh did you
probably would be what is wrong Michael
was I nice my god Michael it's not a big
deal
we're having fun a thought for Jess if I
was my dad's daughter had loved the
store but I'm not me
is Michael you guys think of these right
here
perfect Oh God
Michael oh my Michael you should
probably do that this is not ours
I've only been here for like 15 minutes
I mean what no more no I know I'm sorry
hello he's reporting a minute Harper's
in me dude
so what she's looking at those he says
sure the other crap
what was he wears a book like mr. chair
what
like Sundy can I get the keys
these are really cute though with your
CD hahahaha
guys I'm walking away oh I can't have
anything to do with them or their little
discussions of wicker chairs and tables
I don't care I realize I'm acting like a
baby right now
I'm totally doing it on purpose you guys
want to bother them but admittedly I do
want to go yeah nope mycosis crashes pan
I did not
Michaels crotches pin Michael you ever
stain was it kind of hard I had to stop
myself I didn't person has a crotch with
no I didn't do that so now what's on
camera Michael hey I'm exhausted
Bridget how do you feel to be at home
our real home I love it shit what a long
useless day Michael it's this great day
it's been a good day but I'm just happy
to be home now me tail why are you songs
like over me I don't know should I love
anybody else I think they're all Madison
because we should get it at home
probably you guys Cindy freaking
humiliated us at freakin source yeah
guys we're checking out alright class go
buddy go hi yeah he's like nope he's put
his butt right in my face I'm psychic
okay cry I love you do is hot for you to
go okay can i side come on go ahead for
me come on kinda stop us dude he just
doesn't care
whoa hi Wow so we're checking out you
guys at the at-home store and the ladies
like okay your total is $200 and Cindy
was like do you have any coupons okay
that's not the embarrassing part no yeah
she's like I'm sorry we don't okay
I didn't get anything on my email do you
have any kind of like family discount
and my first thought is what family I
know and shoe and litters like I'm sorry
we don't do that what about your
employee discount but what is actually
yeah well I happened to use a personal
employee don't anybody doesn't get this
cat has ever worked for you have your
ass was asked for their employee
discount and it works why do this insane
Wow feel like I'm sorry I can't do that
what about if I apply for a job and then
get an employee discount myself and then
quit that didn't happen but I felt like
it was coming yeah I speak to the man
laughs was there discount sir did get
noticed I know it was just embarrassing
man I was a little painful no man hold
on what about your employee discount oh
my gosh I'm just like originally the way
the way that's what happened you guys
we're about to do the outro Cindy thanks
for hanging out with us today oh yeah
oh I respond to that is we're done
you'll usually get like you're welcome
yeah I like it
you should normal I got like a it was
amazing you see it was fun
thank you razzes you're welcome oh
you're entitled to my time for one hour
yeah oh you are very welcome for my
sermon else right well that's going to
be it for today guys thanks for watching
I really good day actually it's been a
pretty good day very good day so when
you wait is probably with your tongue
what will your time
what Oh what OH
I think that's true new medicine why
would it do that it cuts the circulation
often you know what are you joking no no
I think I think the hospital take this
dude oh my god no what are you going
I wanna see what's going on I got you
guys a hospital you Joey why you're
filming a joke
now I'm billions I'm a vlogger let's go
baby
Jolly Ranchers I was eating Jolly
Ranchers earlier
you knew yeah luckily not oh yeah this
dude guys it's gonna be a pretty day you
guys it's not funny it's very funny like
this guy's favorite alright everything
because and smack the like button who
made it this far into the blog and let
us know in the comments section if you
want us to use that face app where it
makes you look really old
oh my gosh guys you want to see it let
us know in the comment I wanna see what
I look like
all you guys will never look at me the
same guys let us know in the comments
section we need a bunch of comments if
you wanted to use this thing and a bunch
of likes guys we're getting out of here
like hey guys maybe thanks guys pretty
soon doesn't leave its hair on your
sweater
