what's going on you guys kids behind a
brand new outfit
finally right here for Dorothy yeah
right there and today is Saturday nice
try
today what is okay today is Tuesday
today is Saturday
Bridget yesterday was Friday you can do
the same joke you did yesterday expect
me to believe it
there is no joke do you really bring
those elements to you Saturday what's
going on are you is there something like
seriously wrong with you know what today
is Saturday yeah Bridget yesterday you
said you thought it was Wednesday now
yours now
I didn't yesterday this Friday okay guys
we're going to hospital right now why
because if you're being serious we're
going to the hospital
I feel like I should go though why cuz
every time I close my eyes I can't see
does that mean I can't see nothing cuz
your eyes are closed yes Bridget it's
enough okay why your eyes are closed of
course you can't see okay but today is
Saturday stop it what is all that what
is going on here
no one nothing's funny about this racing
you it's not funny
trick what's funny want telling me a
Saturday and then no I
Oh starting over because there's nothing
funny about any of that okay you can't
see what Michael else's joke on Facebook
what does that even mean it was a joke
like tell someone you've I know the
hospital cause you can't see it was a
joke yeah drive recording yeah it's a
joke on Facebook that's all it is so
what I can't see Bridget that was a joke
I have to go live that's stupid dude
your eyes are closed okay guys yeah it's
a stupid joke I'm over this intro you
guys today is Tuesday today Bridget
attempted to prank me I the one that did
work was tell me you thought it was
Saturday
wrong-o enough guys today is Saturday Oh
now okay it feels like it's Saturday
though today is Tuesday and today that's
it for Bridget I'm getting ready let's
get this Saturday started you're
recording yes guys you went above and
beyond yesterday okay it's unbelievable
yes yesterday Doug said that for thirty
thousand likes
he will a grandpa cut his hair oh well
you guys gave him thirty thousand likes
okay I did not think it was possible I
did not either holy crap
when he said thirty thousand I was like
well guess we're never doing that yeah
there one side you guys like I don't
think so we're clicking the like button
you guys what an amazing response like
I'm flabbergasted by it I can't believe
it so before the end of this vlog we're
gonna let Doug in on the little secret
he's getting his head shaved off by
angry was this hair not his head he's
getting his hair cut by grandpa you guys
thank you so much for all those likes
that was unbelievable I know that was
absolutely insane uh guys seriously I
don't think dad's gonna be too happy
though
how pissed not that he came up with you
guys as a total joke yeah no no he lost
his hair though he's been growing it out
and stuff and I was just gonna be gone I
know he's a proud of it lately
Doug sorry all right Bridget if you go I
wouldn't want to these a long time I
know I love these this is like an extra
big loop prank guys here we go
boom shirt that goes right aside all
right bags if he has it into a Batman oh
I'd be cool
well he's huge oh that's actually
damn or rap the messenger bag alias
investigations link so I don't know what
this is wrong guys what is this from is
a freaking like alias investigations bag
that's any below like this he'll hate it
is the longer you guys does anybody
recognize this they have a Marvel Comics
like tag wanna but I don't recognize
that at all okay shirt wimp
it's a twin peak shirt oh that's pretty
cool I don't I can pull up this color
ever in my life
no it's it's a good color this is not a
good color no I think it would look good
on you
you should give me a bear somewhere on
the wall I'm not sure it's a great way
to medium you're so cute oh my regards a
little run a muscle shirt looks
humiliates really cute actually my car
so far we've got the two small shirt and
this alias investigations bag whatever
the hell that is
big match oh and something back I miss a
before winter so you have a long sleeve
shirt but you can't just do the crime
embarrassed right now okay a Batman
Finders Keepers
do you figure out what I'm looking here
whoa that's cool
okay all right you guys I figured out
what it is basically this is for
somebody who doesn't want to lose their
keys so you attach your keys to this do
your home
yes snap it right there
Wow your keys are always right there
that is really clever and cool winders
jeepers clever Batman keychain is really
cool that is kind of cool actually
okay so anyway that's that and this was
one more thing in here this is a wallet
hello that's a daredevil business card
holder oh cool I've never watched
daredevil but I assume it's something
from the Netflix show I can Wow cool
it's got like a daredevil like business
card that is core so I guess this is a
daredevil bag maybe there's an
investigator on the daredevil and this
is his business card with the Batman
thing we got the shirt
this was loot crate DX guys we're going
now we're leaving the house I'm not
wearing the shirt okay we've been
watching certain reasons why on Netflix
and Mike was furious obvious that he has
to go to Target and live life and do
other things okay guys so yeah Michael
is furious that we're leaving he really
loves the show Michael's just and yeah
so what do you feel with nothing Michael
I don't either but we have to why
because I need to get some stuff as
you've never heard of like
I don't know delivery make our Amazon
right we can do that but I rather cook
who's what
I don't know maybe um Chagall Fredo you
know what I'd rather do what watch our
show we can't watch it because we have
to go somewhere we have to go to Target
and oh my god
sorry oh my god what you bent it is it
broken after to me no almost asshole
you'll be some written me I'm sorry
it's cool it works bill yeah I love to
show to Michael okay so we will just
save your watch it uh-huh yeah it's
really really a thing you can't yes I
know Lyman watch I'm freaking the host
to but wouldn't you rather eat something
awesome and watch it yeah you guess what
beep delivers she really delivers all
the food delivers do you really want
pizza hi
there's other stuff it delivers I don't
want 10 years target is what we're doing
yeah
target and then maybe some food or we
can cook one of those first of all we
could I get less of that show how
because I have to cook I would rather
just let the food come to me and I watch
the show
what's it called again Larry call 13
pate yeah you become two 13 tapes all
dance from getting on my freakin nerves
what's it call our teen reasons 13
reasons we'll see because why oh my
cookies favorite ciao my coffee
favorites I'm not going on whether
that's a chicken show I hate it
your super hug did you know it what guys
we've been bending this show for like I
don't like it actually
oh yeah yeah so you're cool going to
target and yes I want to go to target so
we can gets up to cook what are you
talking about okay
whenever I come home I'm gonna watch it
and you can just go upstairs that's fine
what are you getting at I hate that show
now do you tell you'd love it
no I hate it you'd love it no I hate it
mother you know I hate it you love it I
filmed it so what I found you talking
about it no you did no such they did not
my college I have three minutes here I
recorded Bridget Michael they're gonna
make fun of me because I love it
yes you love it it's it's Michael's new
favorite show guys I'm fine okay I love
to show 13 reasons why on Netflix okay I
love it to me I can't wait to go home
and and watch it what is this
our main card I want to try to push the
sprinkles
hey what are you filming in the house
here we go yeah no happiness are you
guys oh my god I hope you can I judge
the water and so whimsical all secret
guys I know that my content just got
really edgy right there yes I know that
I'm an edgy person and I'm crazy yeah it
was that was very edgy and it's like
some youtuber skydive and sculpt some
youtubers like do crazy stuff but nobody
touches sprinkler water I know that take
away and they'll fear no rule I'm
embarrassed how about everything I don't
have this bunny rabbit yes I absolutely
do have you guys ever an Easter Special
I've got the bunny rabbit okay yeah
maybe 13 reasons who I want to go home
number 130 Nations oh really you're
admitting now I've already admitted this
yeah I love it it's great I'm with you
babe I'm addicted to the shark it's
amazing it really is
whoa that's too small to play with okay
it is a tiny my wrestles will that much
bigger than it okay are you happy you
got your little scene yes
pushing no you're not I'm pushing
Michael oh my god I'm pushing okay
Michael I'm gonna hit this lady
give me the damn buggy we won't have
that Michael come here they have what
you need diapers
no no walking around these will one
radio a pearl no over there Michael
obviously the diaper it was like no I'm
serious I talked about the cookies key
lime pie cookies the women coming crispy
farmhouse right good
well that's almost it for today you guys
by the way yes that was me carrying a
buggy around target chic he'll try to
push the ban like I did not like when
you take the buggy from me so oh you
trying to take it from me I'm just
trying to get the fun okay that's not a
port I carry good buggy but anyway
before we get out of here you guys we're
gonna call Doug and let him in on the
fact that he's getting a haircut oh my
gosh
Doug it's been reached I'm not sorry dad
Dylan's oldest actually come I don't
care I wasn't in some 600 issues when
I'm not sorry dad
we got 20,000 likes on the video and um
partner no you gotta do this 20,000 oh
come on Doug just do it for 20 come on
just do it man does nothing to it you
guys you're not gonna do it for 20 does
oh let's go a half 30 eventually
so you'll definitely do it there reaches
30 are you linking traffic yeah he's
like sitting next to an accident that he
caused yeah hope it all right you let's
not stay on the phone through long Doug
okay I want to break the bad news to you
right away it's like ripping off a
band-aid
okay the vlog surpassed thirty thousand
Mike it it's got like going on 40,000 oh
you did
I'll be honest I did not expect the
numbers you gave to be reached but it
was reached I know you think you were
set up
how did you gave the numbers you were
gonna set up I think y'all set me up 30
with no problem I should have been sick
I swear I did not think it would be here
no we really didn't think it people just
want to see it I guess
guys smack the like button if you made
it this far into the blog and smack the
like button if you're excited for Doug
to get a haircut
oh my guys I'm definitely I click like
like it my redness junuh
well the rat nests must go he got called
her a rat nap on Twitter he's like
trying to like call me out on saying
that yeah I called a rat man you're so
me enough it does look like the rat Ness
monster are you excited that the box
wrench whole snow blog huh
what what are you implying what are you
trying to say Michael swimming would I
know how to swim
and what do you want to donate your hair
to lots of love after we title will make
sure to wash it I'm just messing with
you dog but you are getting a cut
oh this I don't just get cut yeah it's
at 40 guys let's go do this outro well
that's going to be it for today guys
thanks for watching I really good day
actually it's been a really good day
we've been binging the show it's amazing
we're almost done with it now I didn't
want to say anything hold on because I
know people don't try to spoil it but
was gonna try to tell me the ending Oh
someone already did on Facebook I've
locked on do you already know the ending
and go twist and I say nothing don't
tell me you know but guy is off camera
Michael said that this show 13 reasons
why it's a way better than Breaking Bad
I never said that
no I did it now you guys I like to show
I'm not good no no he wants to get a
tattoo
13 reasons why Bridgette and personal
she's trying to push it off one to me
she told me that whoever created a show
is smarter than been skilled again could
ever dream it fade that is what you said
not saying it no gun reg reg way better
okay that's gonna be up for day guys
yeah yeah you love oh yeah oh yeah okay
you just save me to a point I can accept
it Doug's jigna haircut I don't know
when that's going to happen you guys
went away until a nice time off maybe a
couple of weeks but it's happening
that's gonna be in like subscribe
favorite alright everything to us and I
can't believe we're just thinking this
is but just show a fortune I mean oh my
god - kinda like no
I didn't think I swear
