what's going on you guys get me on a
camera here video a senior right there
and today is Wednesday Wednesday it's
Wednesday no today it's very Monday oh
my god what universe are you calling
Monday what universe are you living in
right now I'm Aaron has this baby do
your British life is boring into one
miserable day yes are you all right yes
okay my god you know we never know the
days yeah but I've never been that off I
like is it Monday or is it Sunday
Bridget it's freaking Monday not
Wednesday I don't say guys you heard
that it mine the only one the harder are
you harder to I said Monday guys
everyone else said Monday today is not
Wednesday and today we are going over to
angry Grandpa's house for a little bit
of dinner he is making barbecue I'm
really but every time he makes barbecue
sauce it's always so amazing especially
on a Wednesday who is BBQ on a Wednesday
doing barbecue on a Monday first okay I
don't know Memorial Day that's Monday
okay people
barbecue them no anyway none of that's
important
today is Monday today we're going over
to grandpa's house for a little bit of
barbecue we're hanging out with Doug and
Bridget's gonna spend the rest of the
day trying to figure out which day of
the week it is okay the look on your
face is like genuinely unnerving are you
alright she just dad's a week anyway
hi let's get this one day started out of
her husband or not yes honey
Rookwood where on the brain oh my god so
Michael and yesterday's vlog you made
this really bizarre face does that mean
it was like I was filming you and then
you looked bad
mostly first laughter we doing this
standing in the rain come back
back inside for this what are you
talking about face yes there is a space
you may that's really dark right now
there is a space you made and you looked
really angry
what yes and yesterday's wall
yesterday's vlog your phone your brother
and then you like turned around with a
bitchy face so yeah you wanna you want
to be safe when you do this it's
dangerous I heard a can cause projectile
vomiting so severe that it'll tear up a
hole in your top of it oh my I don't
know what that was okay we should
reenact who you were thinking what do
you mean reenact like okay so maybe that
face was because you needed across Japan
what I doing it and you guys say it no I
don't gotta say it yes you do I would
have played the game it was it you
basically we're gonna be inserting the
clip and I'm going to be voice over and
ever if you want me to say yes it's a
boy song
oh no dude alright alright was I
thinking this I can't answer if you're
laughing okay zip it was I thinking this
ah yeah we're not doing your mouth oh
yes we are
then what I think is this oh my god did
I just crap my pants uncontrollably oh
now I'm twitching
I just crap my pants so oh god I don't
like this game that is not what I was
thinking okay maybe I was thinking this
man I am having a really good day with
my entire family
I love Bridget and everybody and I don't
know why I'm doing this with my head
right now I love life you ever thought
about that
no that's not when you receiving Michael
no that's not it okay now was it them it
was probably this my arms are already
tired holding this phone I can't film
this video Bridget Bridget
grab the camera I can't do it see you
just take the moment to make me make fun
of myself
I like sitting here making fun of
ourselves why maybe this is what I was
thinking oh god why is there somebody
flies in this yard probably me because
I'm in it being that I have to insult
myself in a stupid scene for the vlog I
think okay another game no this is
definitely what you receive the last one
this is definitely what you were
thinking man this is gonna be a funny
video with Charlie
what the hell's birds are doing here get
out good back inside yeah yes I guess
that's exactly what I was thinking
Bridget what do you guys think was going
on there in that moment I don't know I
don't know what was going on why did I
have that look at my face because of
this okay it's Charlie let's get this
video over with because wait oh my god
Bridget let's go to McDonald's McRib is
back
do you want to get McDonald's I'm
supposed to eat the maghreb was actually
back didn't I grab is so good it's not
back why'd you tell me to say that it
wasn't bad it's not bad what hey you're
not filming me Sarge McDonald guys just
now we were telling woo basically what
just happened you saw me like narrating
my own life of bridge was like okay I
want you to say the McRib is back and I
thought maybe she had some insight in
town and I like the McRib it is a really
good sandwich you made me think it was
bad you better be glad you didn't own
the Monopoly game because that would
have really threw me
oh my gosh I think it is back isn't it I
was just on the website it's not bad
I'll find out I mean does it come back
in April it used to be November but now
is it for me right now okay I'm serious
I'm going to menu okay we'll be trending
now hello there it is just Ken
it's really cute but if it could
barbecue at all why do you say that does
it rain so so I don't think he could
barbecue drone around
I think we did cook barbecue then he did
in the oven oh you know you're adorable
why are you bringing your toy I just
accidentally brought it with me he's so
cute anybody been playing with it all
day
guys he's been playing with us roller
for the past week
no no I've been playing with it since
I've got it like three days okay yeah
okay yeah I mean it's really cute though
like sometimes he'll be on the computer
editing some videos and his other hand
how's this toy in it no I'm like really
cute hop right in okay this is
humiliating
I was not how are we recording uh for
like a minute no don't break it guys
we're going over to Grandpa's house
right now hopefully he made barbecue if
not I'm just going to annoy him until he
does and Michael's bringing a rush or in
case for snow for all no don't kill me
give me a hug no you're so cute I'm
humiliated don't be humiliated you ready
for this boy yeah what do you get with
cotton barbecue sauce to dress for maybe
yes we've been raised Wow
mustard base right Wow that's how we do
in the South you will catch up when your
interests Wow what how do we never did
this to us when we were kids
I feel we were kids you'll spin for
yourself no johns yeah which one of your
family yes sir you say here's all you
want aren't you
don't move okay Jimmy
I love up your pork barbecue to be funky
Hey and we're like barbecue in his house
ugh Debra's yeah Joey when we make them
got tapioca goddamn barbecue to him why
tapioca tilapia that's a total op er
like what's tapioca pudding
well anyway chill with grandpa eating a
little bit of Sunday dinner or Monday
dinner guys I'll be back
somebody you don't you give you a hand
do me a favor man please do the haircut
oh I don't know why I don't know whether
shaking in a pet you you no idea don't
have what is wrong with his hair it was
that gonna be watching with four hours
ago
oh good been a lousy bus crawling buddy
so brew that's good but oh man oh
there's a lovely little what's up watch
working what are you doing he's gonna do
it again no I swear I can't oh you got
no goddamn pose my goal what is going on
you need to hurry up give me a flea
collar
you need what l didn't think one that
things falling on that paper while I was
falling down I'm going to God like we
have a title for the floor everybody oh
my god after water
that's it that's enough what the hell
does a turnover panic now yeah you got
your hair cut down
to see anything that a backup unit they
go bold with one goes or what get here
you got us all freaked out
where are you hurt hit the paper monkey
the monkey man sir they joking the bugs
other Tommy's head even good - lets go
get your haircut money Lauren you look
lovely
alright God haircut time you're a cynic
yeah oh here we go overall so bill what
is on that thing okay for what keep the
boys all put zoom called animal what's
the real tape for this yeah you get to
go to that oh man this times are tough
boy off-ramp sodas and broken hair clips
dude we have seen better days I know a
lot one more time do the thing I want to
hear those buzz one more time please
it's grandma shaving I want to get close
to this so we can hear it wrong no
that's enough that's nothing
I don't see nothing on the paper sir you
don't see them got a bug guys I really
think we should cut out here I do not
not two but he should cut that hair yeah
oh my gosh one done what do you think I
think it's a good idea personal is a
great idea un shake on it
you gotta shave this bit deal the devil
will with what I'm your life you got a
heads up that's up there how many watch
we'll take some 3700 messy room on 30
stops a pin down
yeah kids out 304 B's that's a record
Rizzo who do it we can do it
thirty thousand lights okay thirty
thousand why you do it dad cuts your
hair yeah dad you gals in little sculpt
I leave it up there we got little devil
yeah yeah guys click like Google bleed
or now Susie that you're brought to
earth or zombies get five guys please
get us close to 30,000 likes if you do
we're going to shade the light strap you
really help life son okay you get
someday Oh Bridget dug your eyes on the
back your skull was weird
guys you heard it here 30,000 likes I
don't think we're gonna reach it can't
look it a little ill and also my dog get
a haircut yeah but I don't think where
is 30,000 I know
30,000 like yes like so my puppies can
happen
me neither you set us up to fail Doug
takes a lot dad look at you name is
Hanson oh you're here and give you no
strength
oh I'm did I I'm gonna cut you here
please cook like the best man can cut
that I ready going down Doug hopefully
they click like I knew to you short here
but I'm not gonna you have seen before
her the first time Adam no I was really
the Father's Day prank he had short hair
okay when he dealt with my real dad huh
did you forget about that Karnas Lynn
how are you doing that the buzz from the
paper do a bulge on the Weber no go
there's a trick today there were close
of the paper
Doug do you know why not see any bugs
just cuz you don't see them don't mean
day there there were bugs on the paper
your gymnastics you'll see air but is he
right right right that's a good point
good I was a good point then thank you
oh man I don't have to get a bath now
come on there's a trick to it what is
the truth no truth is both I'm chicken
come on bubby
ya see bugs here really know where you
get your new nickname down Marty junk
all you buggie buggie wet bug us
oh man bug where those we're here
the nice job dad yeah people will be
calling you bug web comics what your
wife will be there are no okay yeah but
I think for a while we spur calling pug
I am up now as I how's that drink bug
I'm okay - every bug what's your last
name for a right - no paper on blob a
book
