what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here been doing here right there
yesterday
it's Sunday today is Sunday and today
we're going over to angry Grandpa's
house because my brother decided today
to be an idiot I'm really scared for him
I really am I kind of am I'm going on
record right now saying this is a bad
idea
yeah I don't think he should do it do
not condemn that Charlie I don't condone
it nope Bridget doesn't condone it I
imagine
grandpa doesn't condone it you guys my
brother a couple of weeks ago asked me
to order him a Carolina Reaper or a
ghost chili or a red hot chili pepper
whatever he asked for and they came in
and they look freaking horrifying and
today he's going to eat one I don't know
what he's thinking he thinks that I'm
going to eat one with them no that's
what happen it's down Bridget I'm not
what do you think that I want to have
burnt mouth but I think that's what I'm
interested in hell you'd be more like
burn by burp and crap okay okay you're
right
that guy's he's Charles I don't know
what you're thinking but that's what
we're doing today if you didn't see the
video we uploaded yesterday we went to
Starbucks and grandpa tried the unicorn
crappuccino and guys did he liked it yes
he loved it did he hate it yeah he hated
it guys if you don't understand what
that means
go check it out he loved it he hated it
he threw it in the parking lot check it
out guys we're getting this Sunday
started Carolina Reaper style you anyone
now I'll die you will not have a heart
attack just know guys don't get the fun
they started so Michael is a hoarder and
this is why okay Kelly refuses to throw
this out can I do the scene why would
you do this to me cuz you're a hoarder
why would you do this
for some reason I have to live with
debts in our house because if you saw
Michael
can't get rid of it he's this attack
outfit not the whole female be ready
totally I want to do the scene that I'm
not attached to the frickin unicorn
practically jack oh my god guys okay can
you say don't interrupt it let me do all
right all right okay I want Michael
what's my inspiration Frappuccino all
right
maybe like I'm an actor are you ready
yes guys I want to show you something
okay you're going to keep the whole
thing aren't you
yep good please no okay this time I want
so you let me just be in the way I want
yeah all right let me have that frame
that's what they're surprised at see ya
guys I want to show you something that
you are not going to be ready for this
is going to come as a shock to you
yesterday it's Michael's favorite thing
and he's very attached you said you
would not do this start over roll over
guys you are not going to believe what's
about to come into your screen right now
you'll unbelievable it's just crazy
okay guys yesterday when I went to the
freaking Starbucks in target to get
grandpa's a freaking unicorn Frappuccino
I decided me and Bridget didn't give it
a fair shot okay maybe I'll bring one
home tour I even woke it up guys I
wanted us to have another one I wanted
us to try this thing and I forgot to
throw it out and this is what it looks
like the next day yes I just want to cut
it rough guys yeah so Michaels really
attached and camp awfully I'm attached
to it this is what a frickin Dale
two-day old unicorn Frappuccino looks
like and Bridget wants me to throw it
away I think you should probably throw
it away I'm not throwing it away I want
to store it somewhere for like two weeks
I told you hold on
I tell you need to catch for scientific
purposes I want to store it somewhere
out of our
I sight out of mind for like two weeks
yeah
man if you look at a couple of weeks see
what's looking like I don't want this
thing in the household cover it so like
worms or whatever dull look I would want
to see you know like the person has like
a cheeseburger for my 20 years ago I
want to see what this looks like like
two weeks my call guys I think it's
going to look crazy I want everybody to
forget about it after this scene and
it's we really put in some we're
upstairs no there's no a/c if there are
L mold really bad true yes I'm coming
over still yeah I'm coming over
no you don't have to fricken order them
by yourself no I had to get the unicorn
video up yes we're coming over and you
won't if you're sure you want to do it
because I'm looking for a show I'll be
honest I don't want you to do it but if
you've got to do it I might as well be
entertained time to do by a hospital
Bridget says do it by the hospital
yeah but the hospital case you die
you're like really close yeah I'll be 20
minutes in the gods like destroying the
house right I got her back Hey yeah dogs
are for now I'll be like 20 minutes
a few minutes ago Charlie posted on
Twitter that he was going to do the
Carolina Reaper challenge by himself and
that somebody did an order and he's
talking about me even being
passive-aggressive he was mad because we
were supposed to have been there earlier
but I had to put up the unicorn video
and he was obsessed Charles calm down
calm down baby it's okay you can burn
your mouth and but in a few minutes okay
you'll be alright okay GUP blood in a
couple hours you know it calm down guys
we're going to get the peppers right now
we're going over to Charlie's house
grandpa's house
he's gonna do this challenge Bridget for
some reason doesn't like even want to be
in the room I don't want to see him doc
he's not gonna die did he die he's not
gonna do you really think it that
serious I think it's that serious is
that serious I'm just gonna flush those
damn peppers and we're not going to the
video okay he's not he's really fine
just now we had to put Bella in my
office
the reason we do it every time they eat
Bella will eat all of the food so
usually after she eat we put her in the
office so she doesn't eat the other food
and sometimes will even try to attack
leaving introdu it now our feelings do
not Little Miss Bridget Felix does not
like it are you kidding me Felix is like
a shit so you guys Felix will walk into
the kitchen and all of a sudden there's
food being dropped and he walks away and
all sudden Bella's eating like Chips
Ahoy and like yes now I wanna see I was
trying to explain so I'm walking to the
bathroom while I was doing the scene
like all he's gonna do it out guys we
put Bell Labs which he doesn't eat their
food and feels like now my house my
rules
let's put Bella back up with CP please
does it again
you could get it
right now Felix just abandoned them
doesn't care because you know what stay
in there
ever give he doesn't care anybody but
himself that's a joke guys it's really
weird that he does this dog can they
communicate just like like you know
Bella's in delay hey Felix hey chop-chop
I'm stuck in here their business is like
this is my house so anyway we're still
doing a little campout let's go to
stakeout we're still doing the stakeout
guys I want to catch food from the act
one more time Felix seems you do not
make the rules all right you guys right
now we're going over to angry grandpa's
house because Charlie wants to do a
challenge
now wait this was broken look I'm leave
I'm leaving on the wrong car so Charles
wants to do a challenge and I know this
looks like like some sort of 4/20 but
it's not guys this is a ghost pepper I
don't want you touching them it's in a
plastic bag
she is so paranoid you guys very scary
Charles wants to take the ghost pepper
now this is not going to be on my
channel by the time you've seen this
it'll probably already have been on his
Bridget all right Charlie trying the
ghost pepper we will have know that
aftermath Charles thinking about you I'm
saying so you guys know one record I'm
gonna try to talk him out of doing it I
think it's stupid don't do it okay a lot
of people are trying to tell me for
years to get dad to do it absolutely not
I would never have dad try the ghost
pepper for one he has stomach problems
number two I care about it so I didn't
care about Charlie so I don't want
Charlie to do it either but I'm gonna
bring it to him because he's asking me
for it
Charlie good like pepper everything milk
oh yeah we're never getting some milk
good luck buddy
you were pretty crazy yeah really
guys we told you last week for a hundred
thousand subscribers he was going to eat
a ghost pepper he don't want to wait
till that he was to do it now where now
I want my girls now now look at this
dude right goodbye
this is for my buddy just ride out but
that doesn't make them any less hotter
Guinness Book World Records man this is
remote oh my god that fucker but pepper
company right there in South Carolina
lion report a jet oh you ready okay
start yours all are you able to edit if
our toxic thing is yellow okay yeah
alright it says dark money dad a
backlight yeah that's good good
alright so P my demise in HD this is the
server 40 all right all right here we
got it the Carolina Reaper is the
hottest pepper on Guinness record it's
dried but that's not going to hurt you
daddy whoo
so yeah you want to you want to be safe
when you do this is dangerous I heard a
can cause projectile vomiting so severe
that it will tear up a hole in your
esophagus oh my god yes dad is sitting
ringside for the show ringside for this
because of milk oh my god so we're going
to try to see how long I can go without
drinking anything
who do you guys know first of all I
don't all right I don't approve of this
yeah now I don't want you to do it I
don't feel fair on damn turtle Lou yeah
I'm here for you use on your own all
right here we go
dumb
knocking by part maloney Amuro don't not
be told all Quran in depending upon what
we called off come on close your eyes
colors coming back oh man my breath is
coming back oh man
everything's actually like starting to
like get left right around at will bad
that was we were and they taste nasty
too
it wants to come back up I'm trying to
hold it down Charlie just did Tom goes
on him he just did the ghost pepper
salad dude guys let me just show you a
shop in the video of his face during
that look at that Oh
oh my god do not try it it don't know
fellas don't tell I don't want to edit
the frickin food guys
oh god it's gonna burn ain't it oh good
god are you guys the ghost pepper
challenge it's on Charlie's Channel
right now is brutal do not try this at
home don't buy them they should be
discontinued you're right oh I'm good
the others the others picked I got you
can post in the preview oh my god oh
yeah it's gone no Jill's he'll be there
Wow remember this joke himself fart huh
oh shit remember the joke on South Park
where carbon such a potent made him holy
love yes
oh no oh god guys it's on the channel
now well after the show
grandpa's making a little dinner yeah I
think I put ghosts coming over here now
come on you wouldn't really do it I was
you know what would you really why I
thought play man
and let me tell you come that chickens
looking good low and slow he's my hero
man he's been cooking for an hour now
and it's the right way to do it well
interesting week trolley had a ghost
pepper chili grandpa had a unicorn
diarrhea shake so I'm trying to talk to
you since that happen you even answering
my phone calls
I know I want to know what the hell
happened I mean how did you go from
loving the unicorn thing to hating it
instantly does that advocate who are
about the initial tense use you still
like that no to be good then how do you
hate it try one monkey I can try it I
hated it it is awesome I thought it was
awful it is awful I love you a neutral
wealthy Bridgette the problem with our
initial taste is we didn't have it where
it was like not fresh necessary oh
that's kind of alarmed
ours was sort of warm but that had a
when it was like I see I took a sip of
dad gave you brain freeze
yeah you were calling it freeze brain
well whatever he give me please playing
knowing we gotta get brain pros you guys
che difference so anyway we're just
chilling out with Grandpa Charlie and
it's probably cute chicken and yeah I
stand over your brother is right now
he's probably inside crap in flames
hahaha looking like dragon oh yeah the
Baliga dragon backwards Oh Lorna leave
one no yeah I don't foresee that
happening I don't - I've seen one I'll
never let you eat one hell no
even if you want to eat one you a mean
one there you go what about that good I
was listening you say that the rest of
our days
wowie he was trying to get me to try one
I don't think so
hell no hell no Nanji Britta yo daddy
what do you want he already has and
knocked him down man it was that hard if
you didn't like it now I just AB loriel
Bridget anyway you guys on Bloor hey
guys we're going home with just a minute
Charlie had the ghost pepper guys if you
want to see it check out his channel
below freakin why didn't I stop
tomorrow's blisters all over his mouth
we're gonna film it oh my god let me
wait old blisters on your money you
gotta feel black y'all alright guys I
don't know if we're going home but this
seems over are you guys we are leaving
Charles good luck look at that mm-hmm
was it worth it yeah it is Chronicle
forever dude you know we need to do one
day find that thing steve-o did on
Wildboyz we put his hand in that glove
all the way : answer son ah ah do that
exist in America or do you have to go
like other countries ESP ocular all the
sudden Charlie's doing all kinds of
crazy like like jackass Oh guys yeah are
you guys check out the video on
Charlie's channel Charlie chill the link
is below it is horrifying to watch yes
do not try it at home never and I even
warned him do not want you to make a
video up no don't do it
big no I'm not to do it don't do it
yeah don't do it don't make videos yeah
no charlie
don't be like him you only just want one
to let go of the week I know they'll do
it like a regular thing that was going
to do two dishes the winter literally
the week this way guys we're out
you better I will answer
