you told me to wake you up ah ah what is
this Miami my fans hands along we were
breaking bedpans
well wake up dad
Starbucks fill me I'll get your nails
are but I'm stuck I'm getting her
daughter you wouldn't get any good life
they want you to try to call me
everybody's on there
we don't want to make sure I will get my
bath Lauren that you can do it again I
want you to try for Britain breakfast I
have morning breath guys here we go
nutritious hey pull up a little bit it's
just sitting on the counter put it down
that's good I told you preserve you how
long has it been sitting here all right
only hello I do not play and go to move
out what you really a really thick piece
of it Oh water in the balls we go you're
going to get coffee
oh okay does does that other baby even
go keval it this thing's going to wake
you up that come to caffeine and you
wake me up
yeah can you wake me up look at the dead
well I'll do that reference and I like
it yeah Kipling you go why are you so
mad right now but you got it for his
horns to go get some coffee
it's not that early yeah they do decay
you to Waffle House we're going to walk
up shadows how'd it go
ones oh they're after no I don't do it
it's really not that early I was gonna
wake you up but I called morinelli he's
not answering his phone and you say is
that why I called Lauren bridge it was
okay if dad um he's not answering
now he's asleep it's not a fucking
morning who died me Lauren by ball
nobody's your Ross is Bob oh don't they
don't stab oh I'm not the guy today
marry jail now so drink your coffee Oh
God Russian me dad just like the last
day they're doing it oh my god good good
I'm just getting a home but go I'm gonna
go now bridge doesn't want to go I'm
going home I'm it no come on you can't
leave me alone with all this hey go he's
angry I said let's go
I dare you to cover the lens joking I
just left grandpa's house to give had to
wake him up and now I'm back at my house
because I needed some batteries because
today grandpa's going to Starbucks what
coffee you know I ain't never had but
one cause we know people one coffee ever
ever and you didn't like it no why
sucked it's just coffee
no that one would you get that case
nights on the drained off Luthor's boot
well with it I don't even know what it
was now Lauren said I'd like it but she
died was it like a dessert you drive my
car well unless I'm just gonna really
running behind you at work get the trunk
no that's okay
well did you get regular coffee or was
like a Frappuccino as I don't know what
the crap was but it sucked
well right now we're going to Starbucks
I don't want to ruin the surprise for
grandpa I want him to find out on his
own what he's having
today from Starbucks it's the unicorn
Frappuccino guys is he going to like it
no I'm going to say it now you ain't
going what I wonder anymore because
it'll be funny I'm not I'd be funny huh
I'm not out to be funny
well I mean it's gonna be funny and it
isn't it okay then you go to you don't
have to try it but I think you'll I
think it'll make a nice rack you don't
told him I wanted I didn't tell them yet
is that her : where we going what where
are we going
he understands you where are we going I
told you again yeah I heard you that
time loud and clear
I told you we're going to Starbucks to
try the new Frappuccino
what the hell frappuccinos yes
that's rich people no it's a just dance
no it's not I do a lot over there's no
Michael
you're gonna like it I don't know like
it or not it's coffee all you have to do
is say I want the unicorn Frappuccino
huh what unicorn Frappuccino unicorn
Frappuccino yeah
why do all that because it's going to be
funny you have one no just came out yet
why do you want me to take sup you eight
idea I don't drink coffee
manjo Mike Harper sir does
cachito
nominee ain't God just crappuccino now
sticking around waiting to pay for their
job so I go mad bunch of bull
they give me flavored waters we get out
of here while we going to target because
frickin they have a Starbucks in it and
that Starbucks has the unicorn thing
what do they all have it there
I really I don't have an answer I'm just
exhausted from searching we're going to
target they got the Frappuccino there's
a Starbucks community sure is
there it is deaf dad honey there it is
you know fall trust you
was that the truth study data right are
you open - Tommy it's blending together
are you new
so I mean dad many copies always hot I
have to be with new ice you ever heard
of iced coffee
I know great now I got you to drink well
it's only available for like another
couple days
you got this does that new new you know
cord crap you like it it's good this is
a screwdriver hat why we're gonna turn
blue now how's it the worst you ever had
just give me a damn taste out of my
mouth you just said how much you loved
it I don't lose oh I died man
you know what the shit soured after I
head up a mouth I don't understand that
because a minute ago you liked it but it
was Gilbert went in but didn't spell it
tastes like a camp you it started
souring in my stomach I don't feel good
I'm going home all I gonna tell your
napkin the stuff that I'll leave you
here see you later that you're not
leaving me stay I will leave you I'm
gone
now you do the crime you guys do the
time yeah I don't know why you make me
do this dumbass can't believe you making
me do this you shouldn't have thrown it
if we're going on around how does it how
did you go from loving it so throwing it
on the ground I don't understand how
damn aftertaste of that stuff well you
loved it then you hated it it's after
you do that just sucks ooh
you ain't got it up yet then Oh God
can't believe you make me clean my own
mess all right you guys all the hysteria
is over anger Grandpop's right the
friction unicorn Frappuccino he hated it
you saw the aftermath you saw the before
mat now it's time for us to cook and
today I'm going to be cooking
will it quesadilla we're going to find
out if the Gringos Locos pork cream
cheese taco fits well into a quesadilla
so right here on the bottom I've got
some cream cheese cheese spread over
that pork pulled and put over that a
little bit of pico de gallo over all
that with us some sauteed onions then
I'm going to top it with more cheese
damn and right here is another rap with
queso
so it has all the ingredients from the
other rap except for the rice because
that doesn't go in a quesadilla and why
not because I said oh and here we go
folks
dang will it quesadilla I got a little
bit of hot oil because I'm not going to
do with the butter method we're trying
huazi fry this and there we go got it in
there folks and you just want to favor
it watch it take care of it make love to
it love it take care it would be good to
it
and that's what I'm doing here so hey
you said they only mess around with it
what's so funny
make you love to do it and how about a
love affair with this quesadilla god
dammit I cannot compete you can't
compete with the quesadilla
but I'll give you that much ready
Bridget yes for golden brown all right
just party's a little more closed what
we're looking at right now folks cases
Villa hey still make myself a dame case
of della play goes on fire that can
happen very easily I know
come on land here it is folks will it
quesadilla we're going to find out we're
still trying to look at something to see
in silent me too hey I can't tell what
it is they're really hot yeah alright
folks right now we got a little bit of
fresh guacamole and what is this like
Southwest ranch south west ranch or just
that's you good our nice uniform or
ye gods murder here we go folks
that's all bad so answer the question
will it face ADEA yes well how is it and
so glad Michael guys we okay we have
some more life to live before I get out
of here today I wanted to take a minute
to tell you guys some of the stuff that
you didn't see and the unicorn
Frappuccino video because there was a
lot of stuff that happened off camera it
was just so much to film and my
batteries were dying and I was hot and I
had a crack you can hear I'm still out
of freaking breath dude I've been out of
ROM address all the time but anyway guys
crazy shit happen so first we tried
about five different Starbucks I called
two on the video we went to one on the
video and like nobody had it and it was
crazy it was insane so we finally found
the one and Target and if you saw on the
video the vlog just now it was earlier
in the vlog I asked are you new and the
lady took that as me asking her if she
was new as if I'm an asshole customer ID
to apologize to her off camera like
ma'am I meant I was asking him if he's
new he's never penny ever heard of a
nice I like money no I hate him
unicorn no she didn't do that
I won't get anybody in trouble that
never happened we didn't see the whole
time but still I'd apologize to her off
camera because I thought maybe secretly
I offended her I don't know but you
heard it are you new no no man I'm just
a bad person you know I didn't mean that
but anyway that was on camera I
apologized off camera and then you'll
notice when dad throws the drink on the
ground you'll notice there's no car in
the lot at the parking space we go
inside he gets napkins he comes back out
to clean it and there is a freaking car
there and there's a person on the other
side of the car watching as that scrubs
freaking like unicorn vomit off the
ground and as you can see he doesn't
want to talk and he's trying to be jokey
about it
who might have a backbone - I'm feeling
awkward so you guys that's some of the
stuff you didn't see there was a person
who was watching grandpa clean African
stuff guys honestly I thought maybe they
thought he was doing some to the car
because I know what's he doing over
there
oh my voice over in front of their car
scrubbing the ground
oh no I offended the lady dad cuss
somebody out at Starbucks on the phone
when he called on okay he didn't call I
called Henry returned phone and he grabs
and I didn't film it I wish that I did
why did you record you bitch click ah it
was crazy
oh my god I'm really god I stayed home
oh it was it was what nightmares are
made of you guys it was okay horrible
experience I hope it made for a good
video if you haven't seen it check out
the link is below guys I still have a
freaking headache from this guy's it was
awful it was hot dad wasn't having it
dad loved it then he hated it it dude if
you haven't seen it check out the video
let's do this outro well that's going to
be it for today guys thanks for watching
I had a pretty good day symmetry to get
that I mean it was a pretty good day
aside from grandpa throwing a freaking
Starbucks drink on the ground and
watching people stare at us in the
parking lot there was a lot of people
why I just so I assume there were people
filming guys it was horrible
he was talking to people you tried to
choose discussion what a horrible day
great day afterwards because I got tacos
but anyway dad I was going to say I'm
never going to little try something
horrible again but that's not true
definitely not sure that's not true
that's definitely there's something
horrible you will try it anyway that's
going to be a sign good for you I didn't
get to do none of that fun stuff anyway
I'm going to get out of here thanks for
watching you guys I hope you liked the
video if you made it this far into the
blog smack the like button and the
comment you want to post below to prove
you made it this far into the vlog is
grandpa grandpa you you're losing your
sharpies right hey okay how about some
of this a second usually two words now
grandpa and have a tea now crappuccino
yes
yeah that's a good one guys the dress
should be the word anywhere cuz that's
so typical crappuccino the TI post
crappuccino below smack the like button
if you made it this far that's gonna be
it like subscribe favorite
hello everything to us and that's it I
love you guys so much in Michael I had
fun by yourself yeah yeah last along on
your leg goes over
