what's going on you guys kid behind a
camera here I do a senior right now and
today is Monday today is Monday and
unfortunately for me okay do I get to
say any of the intro today my class and
news what's the news
well your mother's thing that's not news
I'm going to an appointment
build it up like there's some fake thing
happening Michael got big big news you
guys you won't believe it he has a
doctor's appointment
no they believe it trust me they believe
I have a doctor's appointment
Oh anyway today is Monday and today um
that's what we're doing that's it just
going to the doctor so you guys I have
to go get a checkup one the thing from
my throat what is it called again it's
like a throat abscess I don't know the
actual terms are really disgusting I
feel like people who know about it on
the streets because we've met some fans
since then or some youngin and I feel
like they're like judging it okay what's
up guys I'll shake your hand no whoa
oh you think you're gonna catch the bird
abscess look at it are you serious is
this minute not what if the wire is
using this for you have a phone
bring it yeah look forget the intro you
don't care she tried to set me on fire
zip now yeah you did
no I did it you were actually a fistful
of guys we're going to the doctor's
office right now I'll see you there
wish me luck sure black Michael yes
Bonnie recorded yes better doc are you
guys me and Bridget are coming up with a
back she seems to think she knows where
this place is
and I don't and I definitely know
exactly where it is yeah you know if you
stole it was right there or dad got the
skin cancer thing taken care of it's
around there but know it it's like
literally the next building no it is it
if I'm right you don't want to take the
bet it's like a hurricane on your mother
somebody
you look you want to do it yes come on
right all of garden I want all of garden
that sounds pretty good no but if I'm
right I'm right
you cook cook what custard pots no no
I'm not doing it
all right I'll take this all right but
observing what you want then I'm not
gonna choose Olive Garden I'm gonna
choose somewhere that you don't want
where you love Olive Garden all I've got
is to win didn't do this thing you won't
think about or not yeah shake it gives
me afraid shake it bit
she lost folks guys here we go going to
the ENT then all of garden Bridget and I
are almost at my ENT appointment and
right now we were having a little bit of
event she thinks that this place is
going to be like further down I think
that is going to be around the area
where dad's got the cancer removed from
his bag that's my thought I'm pretty
sure I'm Ryan
you're definitely wrong why you saying
it so confidently because my GPS is I
need to keep going dandak know do you
take no one to get it and we went down
there for your dad you I didn't I den
well you could not another way like down
here alright turn in a second turn right
after a quarter of a mile my country
yeah it was about a quarter of a mile
down that street she said so some of you
here somewhere Lopez so you're right
yeah we do
all right you guys we're on the way to
the EMT appointment and Bridget things
that is somewhere down there I think
that if somewhere closer to where we are
now so um yeah that's what I saw
that's what happened I like your law
guys I think that I'm right about this
thing I'm going to ask the ball no
you're not guys I don't know what part
Bridget seems to think that it's over
there by where dad's cancer thing was
we're dad got the cancer movements back
I think it's like around here right here
by now
well I was right about all and I get my
surprise now ready I was right I'm going
to cut all this out would you pretend
like we're we walking back
sorry okay
I was right oh my god you were saying
your wallet
Oh give your wallet don't say guys we're
going back home say hey you have your
wallet yes okay guys I can't film aside
here appointment time just got back from
my ENT appointment and you guys things
are looking good I'm healing up it's not
like so red or on all good news today I
do got to go back to some future tests
we're going to talk about that I'm
looking good folks and Michael should
have Stan no I did not yeah you did
I did not guys listen to this oh my god
you were saying that is when I farted I
did not do it you set your pants and
that filthy word I did not prove what
were you doing this period from the good
news oh and on our way back he thought
he saw chocolate construction talk about
that I didn't even see that is so cute
no you're adorable
I use enough footage so I'm all out of
done yeah Bridget chocolate construction
oh I smell alone whoa I wanted me to
made our chocolate you sell out your
dream I don't what chote construction
that's a chocolate construct that's it
show or taught or guys we just said
chocolate no it didn't
guys we just have to find this a
chocolate construction Michael no why
are you saying this I'm looking up right
now
all right so I went back and watched the
video and it does say Choate
construction and I was only saying
chocolate me Bridget laughs haha all
right that's what happened girl I
totally yeah I agree and I believe my
god thought it really said chocolate
construction that was Bridget
it sounds like I is great credit okay
did it not look like chocolate
construction to you guys okay I'll be
honest you followed the chocolate rocky
I feel like if you did okay why do you
give me start talking about it because I
looked again I'm like oh yeah that's
like chote or something okay guys I mean
one of the side brown - yes with the
brown lines of chocolate oh look I
embarrassed myself thoroughly I thought
is the chocolate construction and
honestly for a minute I thought was a
building made of chocolate but babe I
come on you didn't maybe partially no I
didn't I didn't think that I like a
chocolate arrangement okay guys we're
going to the store to get the stuff to
make dinner because I was right and I
chose a pasta dish forget it I lost the
wreck event I thought it the chocolates
instruction and I pooped in my pants
yeah happy I think it's time to wear
diapers again stop with the jokes all
right you guys it is dinner time and
right now Bridget just cooking for me
that's great on a pretty excited me too
weather is going to be good that remains
to be seen
so I was just thinking like I think a
baked sounds really good I'm not going
by any recipes I hope it's not a fit Jim
tries to be good I hope it is what exact
because I don't know even what you're
doing okay so this is ground beef and
ground pork okay yep and I was going to
do like a layer thing kind of it's gonna
be like a CD bake here is the problem
with you making a CD bake
what problem the problem with Bridget
makes me a CD is the fact that she needs
CD noodles that's what I thought did a
slight dot reading you know okay I
didn't think you knew the difference
that's it
I know all right I'm coming out yeah
yeah Michael come on
Bridgette I will edit the volume idiot
maybe you are an idiot for that
okay she's making a CD baked folks so
ground and ground pork ground beef
ground pork ZD noodles provolone cheese
mozzarella cheese ricotta and cottage oh
my god this is gonna be great and some
basil and a cream sauce she wouldn't
even let me go to the store with her a
cream sauce yep okay guys I don't know
what I did to deserve this but I'm happy
did you get garlic knives I did I don't
see any garlic knives
liar what's behind you oh I see life is
all right folks life is all right it is
time for us to make some baked ziti put
salt in the water yeah olive oil duh you
all figured out I know I'm officially
chef Brigitte oh you know both bosses at
once let's do a one and a half just
because oh yeah I think that'd be enough
for this amount of meat all right folks
baked ziti I'm excited I'll decide we
have your slices of cheese yeah she
happened how he shredded
I'm just I'll just what's up cut your
crap out you just stay out of the way
okay yeah I'm doing his baby oh so you
never put this into your meat I was
getting to that
just let me help somehow all right open
that up and then even put it in the meat
whoa
that's right my recipe
hey yeah you're not being credit all
right so what is this what are you doing
I am pouring this in with the noodles
hopefully it works out and let's go
everywhere so it's really good goulash
Hado hmm
anyway you some help yeah it was a
burner I will be stupid
oh sorry I'm so sorry let me see it this
is something for that finger no I hate
when that happened I lose any of this
okay great okay go prego prego prego is
the bank or not yes
what Thank You Dee the soprano song Oh
Franco pregnant joke yeah Bridget come
on it's just yeah you just throw these
noodles up I don't know having a
pregnancy jokes okay all right what's
next to your little chamber pot garlic
garlic okay first garlic folks and basil
or a battle is what the top okay fresh
basil I really love me too
I can't done what I'm not done in whoo
that's right
oh this dish that's right be still my
heart
this could be a brand new start freaking
creamer oh my god now I can stir let me
phone oh I hope it's good and I hope I
didn't mess it up bro I can just tell
you now you didn't all look at that dude
as it is frickin perfect for it oh my
god
alright there's a question I've been
delaying get over here okay one question
you were asking me and hounding me about
and I just need to know right now
Bridget will you make better for me
thank you so much
well I got on my knee cuz my back was
hurting okay No then I'll get joke yeah
Bridget will you give me your hand and I
had no joke to this I don't know what I
did
we'll just keep tapping into things over
I thought would just be a really good
idea to start off wearing okay Michael
Michaels is helping me I stayed from
that I see and he was like wow Bridget
you were officially the best cook I know
all right
and I was like oh I was so flattered
look I'll be honest okay ass is good
yeah we tried it guys
holy shit now what I would do ricotta
why did you want work because I'm doing
the Michael work I forgot how much
easier Michael workload
I hate meet guys so I rarely cook meat I
just I hate touching it you've made a
big mistake show them you're not a cook
yeah that's why I don't cut you soon
especially with chicken the guy is I
cannot handle touching chickens your
mano grosses me out I feel like you're
gonna watch my handsome medium you made
a possible you're gonna all right I can
do that
this is cottage still layer of that I
bet it's so good wow that creams you get
such rigid mm-hm the basil was a good
touch like I can taste basil yeah dude I
love basil and garlic they were all
smart choices progressed I just really
wanted like a really good pasta this was
the first time we've ever made a big TV
yeah well thank God I'm not like each
interval individual episcopate oh my
gosh I hate that yeah why does that
happen
I don't know it just II personally just
like me probably that's definitely in it
that isn't it well they're packaging it
but well you know you guys we could
package it without the piece of paper
under each piece of cheese but Michael
Green buys our product and that guy's an
asshole
do you think that conversation never
happened
it definitely happened babe holy shit
luggage just let it ring on it already a
ringtone nope don't even joke ah
I told you one day uh everyone who keeps
giving me shit about that everyone keeps
tweeting I can bury one day they like
I'm never going to want to marry her oh
no take this part of the law you're so
sweet it oh my god yes one day probably
guys I'm playing for it because I answer
they'll never know you gotta ask why not
you say no
I went to there someone else oh my god
that would be so Mikey you don't do it
for me oh god that's so like after nine
years of dating and then that the final
goodbye yeah I hate giving you all this
credit well you make the perfect amount
of noodles soon I'm good dude I know how
to come I just never once bill so I
applied to you for nine years this one
off they're all thing all big and bad
I'm the cook of the thing no I'm kidding
I really don't know if I can suck but I
guess I see it always would I can make
Alfredo Michael are you gonna burn
yourself
oh my god oh my god I know is it so hot
so hot God so good are you taste but
still there no ahh I swallowed it the
cheese guys just take a replay we punch
in the air just now you said you gotta
bring yourself oh my god
there you go guys here it is I was you
think it's burned with a little burn
like look birds it is the most
microscopic layer or a burn which means
it's not really burns to have that char
flavor so I guess next time I'll put it
in without cheese on top first I don't
think you are already suggesting and I
fucked it up
no thing I'll take no teeth she was like
should we put the cheese on now listen
yeah Oh put it up no but honestly I love
cheese like this it's like so so so good
guys there it is we're gonna go eat so I
have more to add it was weird anyway
sorry time yeah those will be open now
let's eat
