what's going on you guys kid behind some
bad news here we're to us here behind
some bad news too guys today is Easter
and today we can't paint grandpa's raw
eggs guys that's always what I want to
do every year so the only thing I want
to do the chocolate covered raw egg
prank that's the reason I wake up on
Easter okay yeah I'm like okay we're
doing it last night we win got the stuff
for chocolate and eggs we were going to
prank grandpa and then he called me so
we're gonna find a different clever way
to do it - no we weren't yeah where it
was the same as usual man no it was
gonna be different I just kind of
feeling the feeling was gonna be the
same when I didn't care
I'm good with the same guys we were
going to wrap him in the Cadbury a
trappers and put it in the box it was
going to be glorious and then he calls
me and he says don't you give me no raw
eggs instead of a bitch I know you're
doing it don't even come over for dinner
if you got anything with you so long no
guys he's not going to fall for it this
year
yeah I'm really disappointed me - no I'm
not doing that believe you mean before
the years up I will get him with a
chocolate coverage yeah however with bad
news comes good news Bridgette being as
smart as she is came up with an
alternate version so well we can say
it's in the title we're pranking Charles
with raw egg yeah hopefully he has such
an awesome gag reflex guys the plan
right now is to have the boiled eggs
Charles think they are and make him eat
it a dyed egg with the shell and is raw
that's the plan if you don't see this a
dinner today grandpa wants to make some
Easter egg salad and we want to prank
Charlie I really hope it works
oh my god it does it then you're gonna
have to throw you out eat raw eggs for
the video okay so so guys let's get this
Easter started are you guys right now we
are on our way to grandpa's house and so
you're aware the first plan while we're
there is to make Easter egg salad
now if you don't know what Easter egg
salad is feel them throughout the
nothing wrong with us for Charlie the
dyed egg yeah guys we've got some dyed
eggs every year for some disgusting
reason Oh dad likes to make egg salad
out of the Easter eggs
oh and if I blue and green and
interesting thou is bizarre and dad
loves to make it every year so why not
film it Easter egg salad dad disgusting
well we're at grandpa's house we've
actually been here for a little bit you
still down low up your egg salad you're
not good to me house it's so close dude
disgusting
yeah here we are and Grandpa's house we
got dinner I want to take Mel to show
everything and dad what did you make
these out of no it is what it is guys by
the way we're putting a trolley with her
we're gonna get to that all right here
we go biscuits which there were rules
but they burnt while he was making his
egg salad we've got dressing rice beans
potato salad and the star to show a
little room to what yeah
how far down are they lean you bought it
put it okay
extra far what is this was it another
counter man okay what time is dinner
now eat you surely give me out of here
quicker it work he says that but every
time I leave you talking his chair
I miss my boy I don't ever say that how
was he when I was in four lined up we
wouldn't know it is I didn't go to you
you surely called me anyway it's time
for dinner
I'm making a play happy Easter if you
haven't seen the Easter egg salad video
trust me
check it out we put a video for the main
channel of that dude it looks like
freaking purple block it is saying
childhood at best it was like yours
diarrhea how it was guys go check it out
it's pretty cool
oh you're chilling yeah all right dad
typically me today why because just love
each other okay why don't break my
regret okay so guys look at me Jay I'll
probably get some good energy for Easter
Jay every time you'll see a he caught
you you fuck
that's doing good your song a lion one
all right
Geoffrey we'll get one kid hey quit
rubbing your eye we're getting a picture
with all the boys at the same time
Jimmy got his eye poke two snaps and he
can't smile for it are you all right
buddy okay once you losing water on your
eyes and then we'll take the picture
okay meanwhile Jacobs all photogenic and
awesome what do you be in hey here comes
your e on the tiger funny you deaf well
we're proud of you Jake Johnny brought
to you too all right all right you guys
we're gonna be prank and Charlie and
just a second
I'm going to die some compasses with his
die in regular water and I'm going to
try to die some eggs using that we got a
prank planned hopefully it works
come on work
alright you guys it's the ultimate
Easter race right now grandpa wait I'm
going to redo this whole thing I got you
just us you son okay fine
out of the red corner god ah from the
blue corner there
yes weighing in at something way less
than a hundred ten pounds try okay rule
is you look here's the rule who get
those nose rule does off face off touch
gloves keep two in take a hit
it is not into it okay here's the rule
you're each going to go take turns doing
this okay dad take you to eggs yep one
the time whatever crack it over your
head peel it eat it first one to finish
there two eggs we'll be timing it is the
Easter champion all right you ready I'm
ready
who's going first Oh dad oh yeah my dad
go first how to set the pace that I'm
gonna destroy it Oh Maya doesn't death
you eat more eggs in our Z that is ready
on your mark get set go try it no dropp
there you go hey moving dude hey just
the tortoise with the hares to joy 82
yeah yeah you know buddy come on now
guys people I was going to be penalized
to sex for hittin the counted you got to
go right on ahead
hmm boom I guess time give me a you got
a swell before times up okay ah oh oh
horny I stop it
forty-six point twelve seconds you beat
me okay dude uh huh you gotta for you do
anything to us you know Imani Thursday
was are you ready yeah I know what he's
gonna do he's gonna be just okay okay on
your mark
where'd you get a good shot get set go
are on my way to be cocky because I can
take all y'all you just did Dan I would
do both
go I'm a way to be cocky because I can
take oh yeah you just did damn I would
do both of that same kind of I know guys
I thought that dude I was not expecting
that
oh you know I can't do that I'll stop
the timer at thirty five twenty forty
four go ahead no dad's really want to be
a dick but sir what man I've got egg on
my face
yeah you do oh my god I love you it's on
my best shirt ah mr. shirt hey hi hey
alright so so was this the prank that I
was yeah I pranked you alright can you
say you got me I got so so I know it's
break
yeah I got you I think it's funny yeah
yeah oh my god ank's man alright heals
good well that's Mike with birthday soon
I might have something for him Oh
nobody has no pranks on me okay mmm
you're welcome Bridget high five yeah
he's the crank please it does stink
- anybody got any meat that I don't live
here but I give back excuse me in yeah
God for real I need to look for my hand
I was gonna you just shit thanks
no just just freaking smell my hair yeah
oh my god no better than that crap God
ah you guys
Bridget's idea now what what is done
yeah it really wasn't my idea that was
all here's your idea you know I can see
y'all fit they're all rolling over
tossing and turning you know how they
told me no you'll have problems at topic
really nice Ridge rolls overs thing you
got a regular you basil
yeah let me tell you what happened her
life is pillow talk prank pillow talk
here's what happened talk about the next
day they talk about prey here's what
happened dad you've ever called new this
morning dad was like you've been able to
give me with a dog coming in this year
Kim Internet yeah oh my god it's too bad
all again version whoo well this morning
dad calls me says we can't do my
chocolate cover rotting pranks as he's
on to me which I do it every year
Elsa get away we need to reevaluate
Bridget came up with it Michael
fine it was me it was me okay you like
you taking president it's me on the
budget let me go ahead yeah I gotta go
take a bath I love baby soup all over
here what's up baby
Guardium yeah Oh what are you gonna do
wait what is he doing
oh all right there you go impress me
I like it oh my god be more careful I
want you to hurt yourself your mouth
yeah how are you see yeah that's what
I'm saying just like take a good bet
around you boys have a fun you know what
are you doing don't do that buddy you
gonna hurt yourself
please get down to ladder Oh Bret you
don't hurt yourself
please stop you guys are renegade no I
can put it up no more jumping up this
thing is dangerous
yeah what is this I'm gonna ride a bike
and then you oh god you're cool clips do
it these boys are gonna hurt themselves
y'all not jump anymore just swim you're
scaring me you hurt yourself nope
could y'all stop scaring me now they
don't care who they scare they don't
care if they hurt my feelings they gotta
stop it's crazy all right you guys I'm
choosing to stay and my matrix
simulation for a little longer
I'm taking the blue pill so I wanted to
keep dyeing Easter eggs in Highbury and
I don't want to turn into a new world
Peter says the blue pill is one to stay
in the matrix right no right
oh shit I'm leaving the matrix Oh No why
am i dying morning oh why am i dying on
eggs
you know that reminds me I remember the
year we all were too old to die eggs
oh my god that's the last dying egg here
mom wins the store got all the dye and
stuff
nobody wanted to dye it and she freaking
with the wrench or crying oh yeah oh no
- status all download a penthouse
hey you don't guys on foot looking at
Cambrai doesn't hit me that yes mama
Charlie was at 14 come on yeah guys
right yeah that was like fishery you
retaking this one your mama here is Demi
you die in DOJ's okay I got like an hour
later like mom where's the egg it's dad
oh yeah yeah dad dad dad dad taught me a
lesson there as a bro throwing up yeah I
just remembered that I'm Dan we were too
old why I forgot about that in brand-new
model today I was just gonna hang from
Bob
that's for mom right there like your mom
my green egg oh I guess too damn classy
you better buy an egg man there's no
more left
dunno anybody live here I don't wanna
get thing out I'm like all right you
guys things get interesting the Easter
Egg is over and all that's left is jump
of pouring all the Easter dye into a big
bowl so Charlie is going to drink some
of it not as a bowl but yeah I was
community hot yeah you're blowing it
it's an egg this orange is a bigger
stuff in there yeah it's like the
witch's brew man oh oh oh so drinking
after him yeah daddy all the fingers oh
here's over
