while you guys doing a lot better I
think my boy sounds ok yes
he saw me with breakfast earlier then
dad stopped by and lunch oh my gosh
turkey and gravy vegetables sweet potato
mash potato a roll dessert for Bridget
what I chose this for you no you didn't
ever put it there's the better chocolate
cake already
Bridget deserves oh thank you
so dude this is honestly like in the
Darville little place it is if they're
like pretty
there's just flour on it
oh so guys get back lunch a hopefully
dinner isn't talked about oh I know my
gosh and everything always too much
lately I told you that earlier I can't
help it I mean all right now like I'm
was lost you don't talk with that
mysterious obscure shit out of me
guys I was such a rat dancer quick like
a few when he has a full story about
what happened and why we decided to come
to the hospital yeah I did we didn't
vlog it so it's up to you if you want to
hear it click the like button I'll tell
you guys it was it was a scary story
yeah but hey Here I am the doctor called
me on the side
that's genera farm I know
watch guys I just got discharged which
means those are like a little doors
opens
who is it back then
Anders camera yeah here to tell how we
like that all right
it was back he's back me I want to hug
going on me guys
I think I get discharged so quickly here
I am leaving things odd happier me soon
hey it kind of went bad but a dead end
by the way you guys really quick
Bridget pretty much demanded that we
filmed this it's adorable guys come on
glory you on blur one second
here it is you guys Bridget demanded
that I show this all theater face my god
do I know why no it's adorable it's like
baby tooth paper they don't care it's so
cute you think our audience is gonna be
like Oh nobody but you I doubt it well
guys there's a little shot of my room
one more time before I get out of here I
am so happy to so how they take care of
it so sorry I had me to film you oh it's
really anyway so anyway guys whoa we're
leaving I'm out of here going home
Bridget you're my nurse now I will be
giving sponge baths and I will pee and
poop in a bucket come on
love you thanks same care me she should
be my man I will lose some fun if I had
nothing
you're welcome I don't know why I
thought you guys covered there's we go
why this wheelchair is oh yes they're
adorable
you need the wide model
thank you so much okay okay let's go
but you don't have to be
decided to go home
yeah to go home works already talked
about hacker
like every time causing some cookers in
reality it's definitely through you can
bring the car round we're going to meet
you right here thank you so much man
thank you very much
yeah yeah you want some yeah I want oh
okay
yes ma'am as you saw that wheelchair
of course we're sticker on the back of
that wheelchair this and wide-load my
god I need not to know you're not that
wide we're sure I'm positive
well you guys I had surgery leaving the
hospital dad stopped by I feel pretty
good right now
I got medication I got more appointment
yeah we're gonna try to get those
tonsils taken out hon well-well make
sure we do the court thing first yeah we
got Court coming up life is good you
guys thanks for watching like subscribe
you appoint yourself no I'm walking and
shit subscribe favorite on everything
for to us and thank you guys so much for
all of the well wishes and the support
and the good lucks and the prayers and
the messages you guys have been awesome
thank you so much I love it going home
next vlog pickleboy goes home like tribe
favorite hard everything for to us and
that says how do you guys stole my Glenn
discovers I don't care
all right you guys for the past couple
of weeks on the vlog I've been promising
Bridget hot dogs hot dogs hot dogs hot
dogs and for one thing or another we
couldn't get her the hot dogs and most
recently I was in surgery and in the
hospital and I couldn't get hot dogs
well grandpa's here today
you throw just eat a pickle and he
brought Britain stuff then Oh what do
you think I think it's hot sauce
he's German grandpas brought for us in
Bridget fried pork chops smothers and
grades are 5'4 and us mother cooktop so
this is a regular fried pork something
this one's a smothered pork chops
yeah I'm trying to smother oh just fell
apart
Bridget so you know there's rescue is
inspired by our heart recipes really
mm-hmm
that's all strong mean good no I've done
I've really gotten rid of it now well
good damn and this just keeps part and
that's Baltimore tuna damn very good I
have been able to eat three days there's
good nachos and milk gravy personally
yep
No Gradius the devil your uncle Teddy
could he got no ever
me me me
oh and they drift beat-up little video
you did yeah cool okay with them click
like if you want it and we'll finally
start with recipes from Grandpa's
corners yeah I got here nice very nice
thanks for talking about that yeah my I
go down you leave it already got yours
already
I appreciate that Ringo Plunkett amar
was in Colombia geez
oh alright Jason come back with the
weekend you guys yeah is awesome I can't
wait to see him
I know oh my gosh so here's current what
welcome you into the film little problem
alright there you go huh me through my
region levees on let me do five buy some
awesome yeah and the other footer hanger
good up a mom huh why it was late I
wanted you sleep
yeah right I was thinking about you you
know ride I will let you know what it's
late with let them sleep here we're
Laurel regional Twitter I guess the
question is while you take them
I don't know how when have answered
either all right 30 later alright pop
thanks for food
fine well things you getting back to
normal around here
thank god this is one more thing to do
Marcus Hill normal fight no I'm gonna
done that ha ha ha oh my god
yay nice that's it folks
ah home well you guys that's almost it
for today before I give out of here I
wanted to take time what Burns was
asleep to talk to you about Bridget in
to Bridget
she'll see this when she wakes up I
don't think you guys know how serious
this was I didn't know how serious this
was you know when I got back from
Orlando I started to have like nose
congestion and that started to trail
down to the throat and every time I get
sick I get that my god it hurts to
swallow but this time it was really
really bad like really bad it was like
swallowing razorblades I was like dude
this sucks so I go to my primary and he
looks and he tells me oh yeah you got
strapped and so he was going to give me
one of two medications if it was
positive for strep he was going to give
me amoxicillin and if it was negative
for strep which he says usually it is he
was going to give me a z-pack which
would combat anything else that might be
and so I was like okay and I take the
CPAC oh you take two and you start
taking one a day so I took the two and
then I took the one and I was not I felt
worse so I knew something was wrong I
couldn't talk I was having trouble
breathing I knew something was wrong and
so after I did that vlog you guys can
watch those two vlogs and you can see
I'm not totally totally there and
of them I don't even remember what the
prank was like I was really displaced I
was just trying to get you guys a vlog
up because I don't want to like skip a
day when I skip a day I feel like a
failure because I let so many people
down so I try not to skip a day if I can
help it and so I did what I could
I was struggling on those two days and
so I go to bed that night and I'm
freezing and I'm nauseated and I'm dizzy
and the room is spinning
and I didn't know what to do and so
Bridget comes in there and she says hey
we need to go to a hospital and I was
like dude I am NOT going you know I'm
not going to the hospital forget it and
she forced me to go she went got my
shoes grabbed the keys said come on
we're going and I went and I was there
for a minute when they looked they said
open your mouth she was looking Jules
yeah you have a throat abscess and it's
really large and we need to admit you
and I didn't know what that meant
apparently it was a severe throat
abscess it was very large they gave me a
cat scan they took a bunch of blood work
and I was in bad shape I could have died
that's not being used for a clickbait
title I could have died it could have
ruptured and went into my blood it it
was starting to block off my air
passages so I would have gone to sleep
just not woken up
I didn't know it was that serious
and without Bridget forcing me to go
maybe I wouldn't be made until today I
don't know it maybe would have been a
very different kind of video going out
so they did the surgery and Bridget
saved my life and listen I'm not gonna
lie this is not the first time she has
saved my life and I don't mean like you
know I was going to do something stupid
one day I just mean without her I don't
know where I would be you guys I'm not
the best boyfriend sometimes you guys
know that not ever you know if you find
a couple that's perfect they're lying to
you okay we're not perfect but she's
pretty close I'm not perfect
she's pretty close so Bridget I love you
thank you so much for forcing me to go
thank you for spending the night in
hospital with me I woke up and I saw you
there I'm so happy so I wanted to put
the block the song out in my vlog you
guys I did another song with PMV called
no rush and it is about our girlfriends
his is about his girlfriend my verse is
about Bridget I hope you guys like it
here it is guys go check it out on
iTunes go check it out on his youtube
give it a like comment telling me did a
good job this guy deserves so much
exposure he doesn't get enough and he
deserves it and Bridget you deserve the
song so I hope you guys like it I try to
sing in it it wasn't by choice he sang
so I was like I kind of have to thing so
anyway I sing in it here it is no rush
just
whole dr. tuder's way for many I mean
like no gosh and that Fred commitment
the gasps Olaf I hope the other the
fishing enormous all want me love you
hold on to to this way for a man I mean
like no gosh now Fred commitment the
Gaston love hope the everything you know
my sauce me love you just summer night
and August I can do it away offense I
can't rely on others pain inside of me
girl show me affection and respect
they're really scared until you look now
my day apparently sure to page now only
has it was a gesture I was scared to go
so you will pull me closer to truly
worth of clothes to move the time was
significant that the father life is the
new to homicide arrived at level
proclaim that the wonderful piece of
town are none of my parents with you you
finish my transit service I want to see
pairs where you I wanna address the
issues simple prosper you show me lava
showing back and we make progress folder
kichul dis way for a man I mean like no
Roz I'm not afraid of commitment the
Garth I hope the other the fishing
enormous old me
hola could you just wait for a minute I
mean like no Hashem now straight
commitment the gas shows all of the
evidence efficient you know my sauce me
love you
we started day to get to clouds invade I
thought name online and I knew that I
had to say hello the urban so what did
it after Oakland cars a day that then
she said okay man I was happy man I'm
trying to say all the money that I had
ahead and gather all the changeup and
around the houses I the council watch
try and pay and make a claim the guy yet
money but a hand and say this returns of
truthfully I never really an affair man
I can't believe a damn she found out and
she didn't care about the girl de terras
NS wavered man I don't wish will I only
had enough to take a date a month atop
the Builder take the take the place of
thing is crazy girls who are my world
horrid ARCA to dis way for a minute I
mean like no rush I'm not afraid of
commitment I got showed all the hope the
heavens fishing you know my sauce me
hola - toots way for a man I mean like
no gosh now straight commitment I guess
all of the other decision you know my
song love you the endless pressure for
some love I would always fight it but
the early mornings with you let me feel
in bright things we're looking up as
surely as the snow is rising I played
the game of love and won it with you
with the projects you show me
self-control you show me how to keep a
straight with others fuck the road I
guess my fortunes dog I wasn't tortured
soul but I found a picture perfect way
to make our portrait glow you're the
first to know
I work at or darn it I'm not like we
used to joke we have together that was
closer than you know I won't let go what
this love we have adverse to know the
people on the internet that hope is dull
but I know no matter what we do or where
we go we'll have each other's back and
that the doctor go where you go no
matter whether did the blender you you
went my back was there was broken girl
the bathroom after trout could you just
wait for a minute I mean like no gosh
I'm not afraid of commitment the cash
sold off I hope the efforts efficient
you know my songs me love you Oh could
you display for a minute I mean like oh
gosh and now straight commitment I got
sold off hope you know me love you
anyway that's gonna be it for today you
guys thanks for watching Bridget I love
you more than I can begin to describe
one video you saved my life you're my
best friend I love you I'm going to be
embarrassed to watch this part with you
we always review the vlogs together and
I'll probably won't watch this part when
you're so you're watching this part
alone now you know why
so anyway that's can they be yet like
subscribe follow Bridget on everything
and that's it
