there's another right there you got this
babe
watch your ear watch your ear oh I see
them all fall meow it's so gross I don't
see it
it's pretty last here and today is
Friday them today I am really sick of
seeing Michael's hair and beard so I'm
gonna try to make him think he as likes
with this fingers crossed I really hope
it works I really wanted to shave
hide the evidence
hey babe Oh Michael Michael get up oh my
god you
there's things jumping all over your
pillow dude get up Michael there's
things jumping all over your pullout
what in your hair what are you talking
about
oh my gosh you and it's on your back
leave me alone dude
dude I think I think you have lice a
nose partner Michael Michael why stay
with me dear oh look what these are bugs
oh my god oh my god what is that Michael
I think it's it's it's fleas or our
lives its life sakes what yeah whoo it's
all over you dude
what oh my god please check my bigger
what your pointy give me no I'm not I
swear I was gonna do a wake-up prank but
then I saw this and now I'm filming that
gross
what is all that I think it's lice oh my
god what's coming out yeah it is what
dude why oh my god you have to shave
your head I'm not shaving my head you
have to it's lice oh no by raid and
we'll get our voice out Michael that's
for roaches the life stuff Bridget I'm
not shaving my head I want a wild for
WrestleMania
what's it my nose then it might be lies
you're so real that other stuff it
doesn't work it doesn't kill eggs and
you have a lot of eggs never seen these
before though they were under the sink
Willy yeah they're old like how sure are
you that the rain won't work because
that's what that stuff's for this one
John what fits right there it's right
there where Owen otherone what come on
don't do this to me oh my oh another one
this is really bad not seeing anything
there's another right there
you got this babe watch your ear watch
your ear I see them all fall meow it's
so gross I don't see it
where are they you'll see all those eggs
these are good hair clippers yeah I
don't know where they've been all all
this time we're happy Ben because all
this time all this time is talking you
can give me clippers that cut my scalp
open and you dig them into it then we
have these this whole time I didn't know
I couldn't find those okay where's the
lives I shouldn't see something right
now oh my god right there right there
right here here don't you see it no I
don't bro where's lose white specks
everywhere
all right you're doing great way too
hard way there's no ways of this yeah
there is Michael finish I'm not saying
anything what's going on what's going on
the blanket pepper so that's what was up
my nose
yes that was up your nose let me finish
whoa look I was tired of seeing your
head and beard I was saving for
Wrestlemania cool
no you look like a old man yeah you know
you preferred like no hair anyway
rhaggy love for the lyric video yes yes
I did
and YouTube is broke that is not a prank
what does that mean it means no one's
getting notified have you checked
everybody's views yes everybody down
yeah everyone sound it the worst day of
my life hurting myself stop it
go ahead
happy yes oh you know your - no I'm
really not I wanted to grow my hair out
I love it with my it's fine
my cool I just like what I look like a
baby it's cute you took advantage
there's nothing cute about your image of
the fact that I got slight narcolepsy
that when I wake up I see things nobody
didn't yes you did don't spreaking stop
all over the sheet ice thought it was
pepper now they have to watch the seats
now you're wrong I'm real winner I know
please stop the pranks I can't break you
how long so what a great tune how long I
just wanted to just show you well
success this like okay there's nothing
cute about a beard and you know it you
look good I'm really mad at you why you
didn't want to do this Michael don't let
me feel bad you should feel bad bro are
you know who's crying are you crying no
I'm not crying
who said I was who says I'm crying over
air I'm sorry I'm not crying I didn't
know you're a sense I'm not crying
stop this don't blow it have if I'm
crying it's because I thought I had lice
no dude you're great you're crying
cousin of shaving your head yeah because
I was gonna look badass at WrestleMania
I was gonna have a beer as a little ZZ
Top are you crying
yeah I'm sorry
my eyes are burning with a pepper
probably
okay good save I got a pepper flake my I
know let's see the sour you noticed you
need oh you did this is a pepper in my
eye
most likely Oh toys this is what I woke
up to you okay it's all over the place
it's on the pill that through over there
when I just wake up I'm already confused
I am NOT drink that
prank ideas in the comments folks I
gotta get Bridget back I don't care what
it is I can't shave her head okay I
can't do that that's too far like it's
enough dude i prank your soap I gotta
get her back excuse all the rashes all
over my face and head you guys that's
not mange okay that's some sort of other
disorder that I don't know what know why
every time I shave this happens okay it
looks ridiculous guys but it goes away
in a day due to cream I just want to do
this okay I'm really mad right but you
know you feel better out here it's hot
can I do my scene yeah I wanted to tell
everybody why I hate head lice I got a
store in Italian I'm a a total own vlog
before there's a good chance that idea
but in case I did I'm gonna tell it
again when I was in the third grade I
don't have you know this Bridget news
when I was in the third grade I had a
severe case of head lice and I don't
mean severe like oh my god he's had head
lice for a week
I mean like oh my god he's had head lice
for like a month like I had severe head
to the point where my scalp was bleeding
I had severe head my said I couldn't get
rid of it we cut my hair now obviously I
didn't shave all that was the third
grade okay I can't hate her that kind of
be made fun of but I had severe head
lice
and I couldn't get rid of it no matter
how many home tests we did no matter how
many haircuts I got no matter what I did
it was to the point where I would cry
when I go to bed because I thought I was
gonna have to get a scalp transplant
that's what I thought was gonna happen
to me I will go to the school every
morning and they got to check my head if
I still got lice I got to go home you
know what mmm that's no crying I had
something my throat my god I told all my
friends in school that I was doing a
secret project asking how many people
eat breakfast in the mornings I told
everybody that I was like yeah I got a
project to see how many people eat
breakfast in the morning really I was
going to the cafeteria because next to
it they checked for head lice and
they'll come back yeah we got my report
I got to go home now
every day finally I got rid of head lice
I had to shave my head bald like this
house made fun of people called me
powder now here's the thing after that
happened I prayed every day before
school every day of every school year
that I went to up until I dropped out I
would be like dear God thank you for the
wonderful day we have please don't let
today be national head check day I don't
know if I'm gonna pass that I think I
have lice and this is what you've done
to me I'm sorry but least you won't get
it amania I would have gotten head lice
at WrestleMania I don't know that folks
look what she done to me you got me I
know yeah you know but the truth is you
know you like it I don't like it you
know you know I don't like being bald
and hairless but you're adorable fallen
hairless and I hate the beard and I told
you why and you think there's gonna feel
any better this freshly shaven it might
it's not gonna better than freakin it
whatever can we drop it there cuz that
is vulgarity
this part out this is so gross I do owe
you a thank-you for what
not for this okay welcome no no I would
you nothing for this oh you would thank
you for uploading that lyric video oh
yeah I was out no out and I even gotten
your Twitter and tweet that does you
what yeah I did you were out dude I had
to do something Oh lyric video in five
minutes she says see you soon coming in
30 minutes yeah retweeting Bridget you
retweeted yourself as me I did
what is this a lyric video on the next
week on a DM some of you / phone calls
later that light / retweet between and
then leave your Twitter handle in the
comments of the video okay go to the
lyric video right now post your Twitter
handle in the comments and I'm gonna go
look at people leaving their Twitter and
we're gonna call them later as per
bridges yes you welcome though babe and
their video sad it's very sad that's why
I pranked you what I needed to feel
happy you're thrilled bow aren't you I
feel a little better yeah guys if you
haven't seen the lyric video yet it is
the lyrics - see you soon with the song
of course put two pictures of dad and me
in the hole this is it's very sad I
haven't seen a heart check it out it's
very it's very I don't think I can ever
ever watch it again
why because Michael what's wrong
your smile it's lost its light does that
mean it means when they smile now it's
I'm smiling I know it's just we're
missing a third of the puzzle is all end
up so the smile is not the same well
that's how it's gonna be I know and it
makes me sad that we don't have the
third hugger puzzle
but I still gonna have that smile it's
not gonna be the same ever you know
anything okay but seriously we don't
have to worry about dad's legacy ever
dying or that smile ever fading because
of the young uns and the video so we've
done I know that's dad dad lives on
forever because of that I know places
like that tribute shirt angry never dies
and he doesn't he's here forever and all
of our hearts
speaking of you guys that shirt has
another two weeks left before it's gone
you know we forgot to talk about it
really because of the music video and
all that but if you haven't seen it we
own one more tribute short to angry
grandpa and then it's gone if you
haven't got it yet check out the link
below
dad you're legacies never gonna die I
love you maybe the part maybe part of me
is missing you know part of you isn't
the same and it makes me sad for all of
us suggesting oh yeah it's so hard
anyway thanks for the haircut let's do
the outro guys days over well that's
gonna be a pretty day you guys thanks
for watching oh you know you're liking
it now I watched I watched it when I
woke up I was breathing in pepper I'm
sorry
why do all like I woke up early what's
going on oh my god all in my face guys
we're getting out of here thanks for
watching want to take a minute and say
thank you guys for watching the lyric
video for those of you have seen it
because YouTube so broken that nobody's
seeing it right now so if you haven't
seen it stop this
go check it out like Bridget said it's
it's very sad but if you want to know
the lyrics go check it out I can't bring
myself to watch it again I bought to
watch it three times that's enough yeah
I can't watch it again guys it's so sad
guys we're getting out of here thanks
for watching like subscribe favorite
everything to us and that's it I love
you guys so much and Michael I'm not
really sorry you look adorable
guys there's a it's over guys get the
angry never die shut you guys let's do
this
I'm done the box over goodbye
