hey Michael oh my god Michael hmm so
Michael had a star shhh
and I think I'll be okay oh my god no
glass thing is like suck your horse and
since then hmm how do you feel you feel
butters I just saw where this thing is
connected here and not showing the
camera well nothing
watch what Oh God
have you feel how many times you ask you
that you have a good sleep
hmm Sun is highest
we should show me yeah I Szechwan really
Oh what was that bullshit now might miss
phone I know my gosh but you know I
understand
guys I got randomly woke up and they
were like yeah we're prepping you for
surgery right now others what dinga
tought i was a Bridgette camera I know
we can't tell like oh yeah so anyway see
there's an abscess of my throat and I
guess she drained it sometimes they'll
do it while you're awake your voice is
back
is it yeah it's not like muffled in a
mirror what's the one on you guys
normal yes so so does that thing doodle
it was fucking out blood stuff oh god I
feel like cuts inside my mouth I can
feel them I believe that the guys
usually they put people to sleep
I'm not they don't usually put people to
sleep for what happened to me but I
guess like model ism Danes are blocking
my airwaves and popping so they had to
get me done immediately
so yeah
we're just so happy okay how long was it
oh I was actually pretty short
really yeah I was like 15 minutes what
yeah until he's really three hours now
SSMS of duty huh
come on how home good night I hope that
this before
did she tell you anything while eating
yeah she said he can't every talk about
ever again
what yeah she said he can't ever have
talked about well she's going off for
okay sitting guys my cousin creating
talk about for like a week that's Oliver
talk about I can't even cuz I can't
swallow oh she said you can eat anything
Oh Bridget I have only two days yeah I
know ready yes Oh bread muffins and eggs
bacon this is really cute well something
will talk watering what I cannot talk
101 oh yeah you know I do tacos ever
again why because of this it's for some
reason this is what like taco meat and
the shells are just different another
food so anytime you eat it at the lake
robot lot I mean some salt yeah but this
stuff totally fine wait so you want
well basically like the meat and shells
is like when you eat it is like forms
this thing again but other foods totally
fine
this is my current life are temporary no
it's permanent I can't be you can't ever
out tigers ever again I go back a little
Pharaoh food don't tell me look this is
getting you're joking I'm joking
Wow guys you eat there you go testing
meat assault desperately
there we go folks I can finally eat oh
my god I am so freakin happy for coffee
Lister you that is coffee I'm so friggin
excited I need to like add sugar to FL
but dude this is like now it's coffee
I'm like really excited all my big ones
together
it's coffee it - can you order some more
coffee
after this they're gonna have like
another cup because I am so tired it's
not as a hotel I don't know my name is
order stuff yeah I get tart from 300 I
think it is because I keep health
insurance so they eat that shit up so
blue cross bar yes cross thanks for the
bacon please they give you a menu why
else would they do this menu yeah we're
crossing them but uh hey
- I'm Blue Cross who yeah um it's
someone something
go ahead you can have a coffee okay
thank you babe
resum inventing a new breakfast sandwich
Oh bacon eggs on a blueberry muffin just
wear when you make paranthas it's like a
form of art yeah no oh before I forget
did you know that it's illegal to secret
what is illegal to secret illegal it's
illegal
Boswell's called no no they cheat your
name - what um
grains grits are now grains yes why is
that it's really not obviously illegal
but they just changed your name to grain
I'm not really sure watching what the
hell yeah I feel I buy it so great by
Google store the bags has brains yes but
I think there's different some grits and
grains is it that's why it you know
there's no longer correct so I've got my
form of art and something else I want
right now
Oh cuz I have an album section no I'm
not hungry
listen up I just so much coffee work huh
come on Briggs grains
so how were your grades are you fucking
with me
no he's alive I heard you I fuckin
burped how were your grains you're their
graves all conquer their grains Michael
I don't care about my own Gris Oh
how are your grains they're good okay
what are you doing working okay I was
hoping to look at it too so you get
something loose you have because you're
called green look for grains really nice
okay yes I am
it's covered babe you okay yeah and I'm
thinking about going outside was Tesla
voice hello hey hi I'm a normal sounding
man I still hear something you said it a
lot better though I mean it's obviously
just gonna get better but I'm gonna go
outside and umm no so you can't stop
smoking long enough to come hang out
with your boyfriend ago serves right
Michael let us melt at all in two days
like in two days anyway you're here with
me now hey cool did you not go come on I
just born no okay
Oh Michael you can't do this every time
you get serious I'll be very quick I'm
back I only smoke half what those are
like two minutes our broad tempers
I'll get back what is it back
hey we're your your voice what are you
okay
I'm pasa I'm not the doctor here ha I'll
be super hurt for a battle a courage
don't give it up don't leave it over I'm
joking
yeah you are yes I'm joking okay give
the shot say hello
Hey so Bridget
I may even smoke in G days did you
really have to square off bathing for
last today soon I'm Angelica
guys I'm just waiting to know when I'm
being like what's the worst discharge
discharge bones they admit it hey I'm
already a minute so anyway I'm just
waiting to find out for that and they
get to go home if not I'll do what I did
yesterday and and the ball came here in
the hospital so it is what it is but
anyway got surgery I'm really happy it
was just smudge alyssum so I can't even
tell you how many tears I've cried why
stick feeling good those people come in
hey hey guys how you feelin pretty good
already got it I gotta find out for
Twitter to you that I don't get I don't
hate that I'm in the honk oh oh grandpa
my guys with modern hospital no I got a
damn my head will always be up $3.00
more killing you and I'll throw I tweet
a clear twenties where Donald a damn
well that you first of all I got here
like midnight and I want to wake you up
you already have a horrible sleeping
pattern I'm up half a night any damn way
just you want you why don't you call me
you can call me that's right love you
till the other your throat hurts I will
call you behind on my fingers off her
check that look to it my eyes don't hurt
I can really take acid and then she does
it well you're a texting you are calling
I'm going watching you if you guys are
you just can go flirt and with the
unfettered I what I knew it you're even
interval freaking up on you now okay
that's all a sir I didn't know Jan what
sorry
so I guess when you go ahead and read it
on Twitter too yes no I'm kidding
when you thought up Twitter it's a joke
just really did I wasn't getting shit
inside out on Twitter yes here I get the
rest to come on down let's go under the
old days I think just want me to the
hospital yeah Holly is just so very good
neighbors like this yeah parents have a
right to know before you know everybody
sign on Twitter Paul Heyman yeah I do
dinner to find out what happened yeah
freaking chic enough I need the right
hands back I forgot we're not all here
we're family all family to let no
Republic
preparing all the t's right here very
public now your family I was just out of
it but I did text Charlie last night
told to tell you well he didn't jail and
I sighs text the other day apologize for
not talking to you but I've been so sick
he never found it I did respond to
something find out with that response
request I bet if we both pull out our
phone and one of us has forbid you had
causes like see our original of stuff
haha
she has no turn anything off uh-huh
summer post on Twitter any way they can
hang out with Dad for a week goodbye
total I'll tell them to cover Lynn and
he just did it anyway
now I talk about go ahead oh good
what do you like damn noise I don't know
dude hey ships oh man don't do that
won't we see your hands Gavin off home
button no no no no don't mess with this
I don't want you to shit no more we
can't do it without it if you manually
bad result but okay we're not if you
like off furious I don't what are you
doing what will you do something messed
up there's cameras in here a job no okay
oh it's great pity voters
okay wish your thing at me and give me
the news let me see what I got
hold the doors yeah oh yeah yeah I'm
stalling
and shutters ding up a golf return okay
Oh humming it's a completely replacing
us I don't care I'm George are poor
doors yet goddamn hello
no problem you know you take out a pump
or they keep me I was on total answers
Hales always crap come on fella
oh it probably is flawed I didn't know
those things had a log oh there we go
I change plan oh I'm so jumpers film
help boy baby all right I gotta go I
love you what do you want you smell good
doesn't matter what I'm wearing
also more oh my god ha ha oh my kids
they got also geckos mugs I know you can
read them - Ilana
yes really he says Mike I shake or
Twitter well thank yourself on out you
know on Twitter neither yeah when we
leave I'll definitely posted one follow
us on Twitter look II take it as I love
what is called Nicholas please give Val
over the line when he spots a gazelle
get you ass out that door
Yeah right all right love you son let me
to ball or beat your time
version buzzing hi I'm Danielle picture
on Twitter okay the only thing she
coming hi buddy hi let me know when you
get home or Twitter yeah told you we
should call him but I figured I was
going to wake him up babe attack he's
totally resting with that right mom
little kids and let me go what's going
on Africa right um yeah but you ever you
guys think out anything kind of think
how horribly busy we've been lately I
haven't done something happen and you're
just going to cry your eyes out I have
no idea
well uh who is in like stingray villa
for a big surgery and you can sit here
all by yourself
I am sharing with you virgin okay you
know Michael you said follow bridge of
us of everything she's going to update
shame on you
your mom know you oh you can use any
protected you hey bridge what's going on
if you like tweet down for like Twitter
handles or sing to the Twitter handle
follow me here and then you'll find out
that's my daughter
