hey how you feelin all right now pretty
good to the Suffolk David oh this crazy
Bridget I know there it was so bad who
freaking new guys I'm in the hospital
obviously if you had been watching us
for the past couple of days you might
have noticed something wrong with my
voice yes super knuckles and I thought
it was strep throat and I got medicine
for it but I noticed tonight it was not
getting any more it was not getting any
better
and I was feeling sick it so Bridget
forced me to the doctor and she was
right I have an abscess in my throat
yeah I don't really know the name of it
it's like a big long name but yeah it's
an abscess Jerusalem and it's big and it
needs to get removed I have surgery yes
so unbelievable I know but we inform our
antibiotics guys he already had one
bottle of antibiotics and a bag of was
called saline
I think and I can't eat or drink I knew
oh my god but I'm already planning my
first meal this is a question yes just
that is that right now nobody's taking
it
do you want me to help you
gowns are so weird I'll see some of them
Kimmel first okay I just clean my toilet
thank you why aren't you guys getting on
my gown
yeah oh you're so cute I can't this
happening good things coming down I'm
not sure that's not gonna fuck with it
that's my shorts law classes we make it
I believe your shorts on just and Kate I
mean oh you're so cute guys here holed
up in a cubby pot guys can't believe
this is happening and I know a lot of
people are gonna be like oh grab this Oh
oh my gosh I know that feeling dude it's
the worst
dude there's look at this you guys oh
come on I'm blur it doesn't one border
ah
put in is Bridget Oh God look so painful
I know how it is she suck God so if you
guys want to really good laugh
historically I have a really bad problem
giving blood it's not good you guys I
cannot get one this is something about
it yeah guys like I passed out I was
terrified I nearly cried really yes okay
so Michaels like okay I'm going to pass
out no I feel like I'm gonna throw up
and then the nurse brings them like this
bucket and then he drops the bucket and
starts like Kelly yeah I do it was
terrifying by drop the bucket in he
turned so pale like I nearly cried but I
didn't because I didn't want to like
make the situation worse like I was just
in Aleppo Kathie Lee coming it's coming
I need to put the puke in - yeah it's
coming and then all of a sudden I was
dreaming yeah and I can't remember
anymore it was a dream about Roman
reigns from w/e and I remember I hate
with ham walking on the streets I'm like
Terminator or something I don't know and
all of a sudden I remember opening my
eyes on the nurse was like wow wow wow
what the hell is this bitch she what is
all this and then I realize she was like
what year is it 2017
the nurse was so so nice like yeah as
soon as you went out she grabbed your
face and started talking to you and
telling you it's okay
it she was just very very very much
seriously the really nice oh I didn't
again
everybody in this class with an intact
yeah everyone is so nice so yeah I'm in
the hospital you guys you're gonna have
surgery great the worst question ever
yeah yeah that was horrible oh my god
okay
so this new doctor came Anna was like
okay so you have to ask everyone this
but if for some reason your heart stops
or your lungs stop working do you want
to be resuscitated
that means we use CPR to bring you back
yes please don't
yes resuscitation yes absolutely
resuscitated so anyway you guys might be
cover this lens hang a razor before she
goes home I'd like say I know what I'm
gonna do if I'm going to go home and
feed the dogs let them out come back
guys
I'm covering this winds I've talked
about it on Twitter and you guys were
overwhelmingly supportive and I
appreciate it so much thank you
here we go yes guys you guys are
absolutely amazing I'm not even gonna
I'm gonna bring the camera to my hand
like that because I don't want to extend
my arm look at bridgett on the roof oh
my god call don't fall I feel like I got
the TV here where's my nurse combatant
I'm your nurse call sentencing is
this is my view you guys you want to see
what I see isn't it oh I love you I want
to see this or not
well there's volume on it why do you
think I was getting it
that is crazy is storage wars is on so
anyway you guys you're so cute
this is mom people be sorry can you say
that
I understood in a while hopefully
tonight I'll give it to my sweet so they
have been sleeping days I know in a
second I'm going to pretend to be
sleeping Oh Bridget films are over there
doesn't fun now oh I have no shame so I
was a pizza commercial all I could be
asleep all right oh so this is what
pickle boy looks like naturally asleep
Oh
oh my gosh
yes muted for some reason my arms video
okay so this is exactly how pickle boy
sleeps tonight you all yes absolutely he
even does this right here okay we going
yes campus going okay for the thumbnail
you should like be an actor in movies
because that sleep acting is like whole
segment
it's gold I'll get the best access
nomination
maybe yeah for sleeping today we're just
wreck it up dude don't even joke gosh
are you guys I think this will be it for
tonight unless Bridgette you come back
tonight if you do film you sleeping yes
I'm definitely coming back tonight I
just have to go home and sleep and looks
and what the mouth
well there's no more battery so you get
to bring a new battery
okay a battery and a phone charger in my
laptop and your laptop I got ahead at
this wall conferred in hospital Oh No do
they have Wi-Fi dedication oh they
better have Wi-Fi right all right out of
it oh okay here's what we'll do I'll
edit it you can record me editing and
stuff okay and you'll go home and upload
it okay
dedicate all for you guys I never missed
a day because we love you guys so much
and you're so important to us and the
whole reason we're bringing you this
vlog right now so thank you for all the
support wish me love good luck hopefully
I don't have to be resuscitated you're
going to be fine
don't even say that I'm just saying that
a lot Bridgette something would happen I
love you oh how crazy would that be
don't say that I'm sorry I wasn't you
know me I'm no filter so anyway it's
2:00 in the morning you guys I'm gonna
badly love you
nothing's going to happen to you I'll be
fine
anybody cry why because they look how
are you - hey Virgil
hey it's gonna be fine I just said he
left trained or something and it's good
that you found that you made me come
definitely I didn't come when you said
it would have blocked my Airways all
right here
there's nothing's going to happen don't
scare me
guys that's like a story for another
time this whole thing it's been super
crazy it's telling me I get 17 seconds
for the camera
so anyway you'll be the last shot virgin
sure and I'll be back
I love hey chorus well I love you I love
you
seven thanks I love you guys I'll be
back with a new batteries and chargers
and there goes our you guys it is the
next day that help that oh great
excited on my teeth I've been talking to
people all I will be blood or something
in my teeth I'm a bitch okay
so Bridget stay the night you guys I was
trying to secretly record before she
woke up just now been the t thing
happened people with her own I need
nobody wanted me now where did I come
from
I think it looks like what what are you
talking about we can't wait to laugh at
me no I just don't know but I would say
this here that ruptured huh
I'm just hearing that eruption guys just
seemed going to die any second and we
don't got time to get the other battery
but really quick I have a funny taste in
my mouth and then those have blood on my
teeth so I was feeling it mad abruption
in my throat alright so right now
Michael is picking out his food for the
next few days
what are you going to get idea yeah
nevermind I could choose dinner or lunch
because of this yeah so what's a bar is
Ella this is yeah here's a circle no
notice a breakfast visit oh no bottle
your breakfast oh no they take it the
swelling off a little bit but like I
said go scratchy right now yeah so
anyway choosing my breakfast no I'll get
breakfast excuse me lunch
does that mean I'm going to have it
today you might have it tonight yeah
yeah actually yeah
okay so something really bad is
happening to you right now I'm just
kidding I'm kidding baby I'll be okay
yeah I don't know what happened
something though yeah yeah
and
that
yes yeah
she wanted to laugh at me no so Michael
is a denying today's vlog like a champ
the guys the vlog you're watching right
now I'm editing right now yes
I'm like hear that rupture guys's videos
don't know what happened right there at
the scene here well guys a single die
any second the freaking camera like died
random place like McWhorter decant and
then it died again oh man this one's
about to dive right now so your son yeah
these are another battery yes one more
yeah that's a recharger yes how can you
watch the project one is charging hard
deadlines my nozzle yeah it's going on
you guys so right now Michael is in the
hospital and I'm going to prank him I'm
going to prank him by saying I'm gonna
prank him by saying just doctor refuses
the surgery because way high risk oh so
Michael is screwed well so yeah like we
can't get surgery why Bridget because
it's too high res oh my god yeah I heard
where you going to you guys it's just a
joke it's just a joke and right now I
think Michael is on way too much
medicine even understand jokes right now
what
I'm not going are you doing oh I don't
anything open like a wand River going oh
shit probably do you see my car from
here I should be behind a privacy fence
Oh straight ahead
oh my god Virgil go ahead look at you
guys pushing me on the other bed not
because you want to see be here Carl my
gosh we're so cute so where's the other
saw only in the bed oh I've told my
voice is sounding a little better yeah
what's the deal with surgery no I didn't
told you it's to Harris
stop talking around gonna say I'm not
getting up I'm kidding you you've
definitely in the surgery oh yeah I got
to tell you something crazy though
you've never gotten through treatment
like this before I know I think it's the
health insurance did everyone know what
happened with your gallbladder woody not
okay so do you remember well like how do
they work somebody's giving it to me or
not
yeah okay guys so Michael had blood work
done okay guys so Michael got blood work
done in 2012 turned out he had Pinker
Titus antinea his gob are taken out he
wasn't added to the hospital and he was
there for how long four days five yeah
it was a while it was ridiculous and
it's one doctor comes in starts
examining Michael stomach and is like oh
so you have health insurance Mike was
like no I don't and the doctors like oh
well you know I think this is okay to
wait like a month or so yeah I was
curious and this i'ma come up with
health insurance and they're talking
about sending people home with me
that's never happened before just like a
paying customer roll out the red car in
to make sure everything was fine like
that never happened anyway you guys I'm
going to get out of here thanks for
watching
oh yeah so that story another doctor
came in and Candida at Michael's house
versus the money so that's yeah yeah oh
that's right a different doctor did my
gallbladder surgery because he didn't
care the other one like I never saw him
at yeah he liked glass he was trying to
make you guys get it and then he was out
he was out like sorry anyway guys I'm
not trying to trash gospel I love the
they drill of this hospital it's growing
they did me good so I'm going to get out
of here I don't know what's going on yet
you guys follow Bridget on Twitter
she'll keep you updated that's gonna be
a like subscribe favorite on everything
for Jos smack the like but if you made
it this far into the vlog and post the
comment below say okay post surgery in
the comments below and that will let us
know how many of you guys made it to the
end of this point thanks for watching
like subscribe please follow everything
for joy
so my cousin Thomas Graham Cory
it's on the hop
counted off
what happens
Did you touch dad last night no if I you
dead when we got to the hospital where
on Lee's pissed he found out that I'm in
the hospital from Twitter why didn't you
text them well I don't know Bridget I
was in a world of make-believe and
flowers ain't escaped oh you should have
sex ed I mean I guess but I just figured
you would like Naturalizer human would
Oh
