what's going on you guys Kermit the Frog
behind a camera here
but do us here right there and today is
Monday and you do not feel like Kermit
the Frog I listen to my voice right now
something is wrong Michael you sound
normal do you really think that yes the
way I hear it I south it's like
guys when I woke up this morning I
sounded just like good I tell my Pig
guys who's Francis it was really bad
Bridgette gave me some like honey and
water and lemon lemon water anyway what
I feel a lot better in anyway cute
how about that I saw I saw Billy just
I'm better now yeah you felt a lot
better anyway stay out of it anyway
today is Monday and today is tax day yes
we slowly got Cindy Cindy is going to
help us do our taxes today and for
dinner we're having Roman noodle yeah
Roman noodles you know I really like the
chicken flavor
okay used to it I love the chicken
flavor so guys today the tax man cometh
and pickle boy must pay and that box
thank God for Cindy because I do not
know what I'm doing oh my god I know
thanks mom so I don't know what else
we're doing besides I know we're going
to go to Cole's in a little bit go
shopping for some clothes yeah others
Matt we doing taxes yeah well she doing
taxes we're going to chick-fil-a Curtis
winds up right now me and Bridget or on
our way somewhere very important for me
you guys as I told you the beginning of
the vlog I have this horrible cold you
can hear it in my voice that's telling
you any put my seat belt on but I don't
follow the rules
I'll put my seatbelt on a second well
then okay I follow the rules actually
I'm uh I feel like we're going either
like I was saying a second ago you guys
I need to go somewhere for this cold so
right now me and Bridget are on our way
the chick-fil-a I'm going to give me a
chicken sandwich and fry yeah it's in
soy sauce and soy sauce and ketchup some
tea and I think that's really going to
do it forever so we're here at
chick-fil-a right now you guys and this
place is freaking bump in dude like
there's so many people in the line that
they're not even like use I don't think
they usually drive through it all
anymore yeah another nice it's like
there's people on the street taking your
orders with an iPad and this will do
right over here who takes your payment
right here in the line holy crap I
understand this this is crazy
chick-fil-a is getting I also they're
getting rid of the drive-thru but it's
just nobody's using it so this is pretty
crazy it's always awkward order we get
from a real person by the way oh my god
I think I want to get nine chicken
sandwiches but I can't because I don't
want them to judge me so anyway that was
a look the Millennials want no human
interaction okay so that's what I'm
saying I'm not not that I'm saying I'm a
millennial stop talking oh my god what
if you're going to take it take it take
guys you gotta pay your taxes right we
just got done paying hours Thank You
Cindy yes thank you welcome Jenny hell
she had receipts and papers going and I
was like what I don't I spent how much
on food so don't even tell anyone how
much it's so embarrassing I'm not going
to tell you yeah but
it's a lot fitting isn't more than even
you thought yeah she's trying to be so
non-judgement for inaho pays the price
of a Carl fast-food stop it guys look
we're going to Cole's right now I still
can't talk and I really don't want to
talk after how much I just stayed to the
government it is what it is
Michael press the button yeah my god so
Matt stop number 1 to apply for a job
no yeah we need to well Michael's here
trying to get his old job back
here's the thing you guys I used to work
here several years ago and I really
loved it honestly and genuinely I loved
working here now I'm back to get my job
back
cool yeah I would really like to work
with you so we can use one car yeah
where I got to get a little bit on the
same schedule and we're going to hit my
truck right now so hey how you doing
buddy gonna be all right now
hey guys what's your name buddy Jacob
Charlotte goals
yeah I'm getting a bathing suit a
bathing - that's exactly why I'm here
I'm getting a bathing suit I'm getting a
bikini and everything so anyway I'm
gonna talk to this guy I'll be back
there's the fat side wonder maybe it's
over there may be funny other sighs
where's that presence when she asked for
the fan section it and so you like I
think it's over I need I need a formal
Bachelorette cool oh it's pretty funny
no it's gold they call it yeah I don't
embarrass me throw the pretty cross
section Oh
so why I'm sitting here with hydrogen
would your name I do Ivan
and who Ivan and Jose what are you guys
doing here on tri-c you just meet you
and I appreciate that man thank you very
much what what's you okay so just a
minute ago Jose and k-much meet with hey
is your dad dad no he's still up but
yeah he almost beat the cancer though
we're doing good I appreciate that
that was great dude did you totally I
think it says that that what you said on
the way over here all right who wants
cover this ones up oh he said him do
good we're back now you guys I had to
get some clothes guys I was really a
planet calls okay I had to buy some
clothes
hey are you ready yes all right you guys
happy 1,000 Fogg
yay happy 1000 guys this is trailing on
the second worst day of my life oh my
god hey all those taxes my throat hurts
I took a turn for the worse and I just
go back from the freakin doctor what did
you do in your past life I gave blood
folks I didn't gave blood it was taken
from me I want to see my other thing I
want you to have some blood no they took
it from me
it took my blood Michael is right guys
it's just in the back of my throat and
it sucks
it hurts to swallow it hurts to talk and
Hersey eat it hurts to talk and this is
how I'm celebrating 1000 flog ah it even
more embarrassing is the fact that any
time I ran into somebody in the street
and shuts her hand
Brigitte gave them a bottle of Purell
okay
those kids that we met at Kohl's Purell
I'm oh great they don't know I'm sick
now I don't want people to catch your
sickness your flame oh yeah you're right
and I think whenever you have I'm
catching it
oh no I'm starting to feel in my throat
and my nose are you serious
yeah oh man you guys we're going to
postpone by 1,000 blog celebration we
have a good idea for it but I got to
feel better first we're pushing it
one thousand blogs first of all I do
want to take the time to tell you guys
thank you so much for helping us reach a
thousand vlogs why are you looking at me
funny I'm just smiling I'm talking funny
yes thank you so much for helping us
raise 1,000 vlogs it's amazing really
and good I never thought we'd get this
far and you guys still watch so thank
you so much this is hurting me to do
I'll be back
we are more to finish off this blog with
I'm going I'm going to bed
ready yours we'll take it off yet well
you might we'll take it off yet you
heard it right blood everywhere oh
please get it ah guys so you rely on yes
right oh I guess over this well we're
about to do you guys it's a sketch don't
worry we're not really selling the house
we're looking for a thumbnail because we
just pay taxes and we're broke so I
wonder pretend like we're selling the
houses so you guys know for you don't
spend money and feel bad we're not
selling it well you guys just come to
this YouTube break it is broken I'm sick
Michael sick hey taxes paid taxes fell
on the house yes six months we would
serve six months six beautiful month
there it is
guys we're just trying to get a
thumbnail I'm broke baby I really broke
guys but we're not really selling the
house all right how's this for thumbnail
thank you the house behind me
that's probably good on okay sorry guys
there's no low that I won't think - I
mean I'm even gonna pull my pocket down
Oh
ready cycle Oh
guys we can't leave this year long feel
it right now yeah I know our neighbors
are actually moving guys I'll be so
happy I want the other hater yeah they
tell me I wanted to make a funny
thumbnail because of the fact that u2 is
broken right now the ad boy caught you
going on the fact that I just paid my
taxes yeah guys I mean it's ridiculous
but we are joking I mean what if this
like Oh what if this is the future what
what if we're predicting the future with
this video don't play that I won't say
that I don't mean it are you back take
it out the universe please universe
don't fuck around
yeah let me do this kids ready for this
Bridget
yep you know you guys I guess you can
call a celebration for a thousand bugs
um I told you we paid taxes I just left
the doctor I got medical bills up the
ass now we're applying for our jobs and
now each of this broke you two broke up
with you add voice I'll so we don't have
much of a choice left you guys it's lit
Internet
for sale to the top YouTube fix your
shit :
where is everyone
yeah risotto you what every summer food
oh we do that part we do it yeah it was
really funny and I want to be closer
back yep where's out of the other
positive take it all
will you so Bella that's it I have a
problem solver no oh my gosh so so cool
it was like flying I want to try to how
do you do it
don't get me in the head i'ma litigate
okay
yeah bro this is sleep the how Michael
first time was good same time I failed
day way he's in the house because Bell
attacks with you more always think this
actually
Horrigan oh oh oh lazy are you guys I
just put the thing inside this so I
can't get it out now
alright you guys how you doing Bell
already got it I'm gonna give it out you
guys for the past couple of days I have
been promising Bridgette hot dogs for
dinner
so excited for hotdogs guys I thought I
gotta give it to her eventually you know
anyway it's been coming a running joke
so tonight for dinner I'm having soup
okay
hot dogs gotta wait I was just up to
really warm out it looks good
bye bye saliva is it I don't care
we shouldn't same germs no I think
that's like humanly not possible oh you
need not to be if you want but we're
going to have another vault in the
hospital no hot dogs well that's going
to be it for today you guys thanks for
watching hopefully I start feeling
better my throat does feel a little
better actually
yep I think my cousin's doctors they
know they watched the vlog remember the
part I was ripping the thing off my arm
oh yeah forgot all about that yeah guy I
went to the doctor I feel a lot better I
don't feel 100% obviously do I sound
better you do like the stuff and think
it's working real quick they give me a V
pack yeah I mean it they think he has
strapped
oh no hopefully it's not look Bridget
last night she looking my throat and she
was like white patches yo ass going yeah
yeah I've never seen that before
it was horrifying you know I even took a
picture I don't think YouTube's you see
the pic no rush on the picture because
it was graphic so anyway thanks for
watching you guys had a pretty good day
starting to feel a lot better Bridget I
promise by tomorrow hot dogs I can't
believe it yeah I wonder that dog cuz I
got half pin I got a guy's I got a
recipe pancetta and brown sugar and
onions guys let us know in the comments
section if you want to see it by the way
smack the like button made of this part
of the blog oh my god say hot dog
comment the word hot dog and we'll let
you know if you got this far into the
vlog let us know smack the like button
female ear that's gonna be it like
subscribe huh why is that my my teeth
okay sure ha
like subscribe favorite everything for
to us and that's it I love you guys so
much thank you guys for helping us reach
1,000 blogs I promise we will make up
for it and one of the future laws I got
an idea I had barely anything yeah you
told it to me we will do it that's not
tomorrow but it's soon I'll give you a
Oh
sharing it okay
