what's going on you guys so last night
we praying Dammam eo5 with this today I
am going to try to prank Michael with
the same thing I really hope it works
babe I'm not really that sorry I love
you bow
hey wake up my god
hey my god but I give you a cough
medicine yeah you too
I'm just awesome Michael you need it no
I know but I'll make you feel better
get up
how'd you sleep
how was your sleep okay sorry
not really good morning Oh God same damn
snake I know happy to wake your ass up
Oh Angele yeah kinda wake up you okay
though I was really rough night
really what happened in your dream first
nice why is it why is Michael I was
bored
it was time to wake up to that true fake
French from the law well now there is
double Frank double upload double upload
we'd have a couple under daybeds no they
don't want to see it guys click like if
you if you wanted to double upload I
think we're going to grandpa's today
uh-huh
back to life button if you want to
second upload and I guess with I just
woke up why am I even talk like volume
right now
wake up walk it up what's going on you
guys know what's going on you guys kid
got a camera here for Jaws here right
there and today I just paint my car and
today I'm freaking sick so you should
feel a little bad about it I don't know
no hot at all not at all guys and it's
funny
good morning if you didn't see the vlog
we uploaded yesterday it was really late
daddy or 5-week another youtuber he
stopped by the house and in this blog
we're going to show you the footage
where we pranked his wife with the snake
that Bridget just pranked me with ever
the iPhone if you didn't see the ball we
uploaded yesterday go check it out I
wasn't even scared that's the whole
thing yeah you are
that's all think about I wasn't yeah I
definitely scared well you know I'm
afraid of snakes okay dude he's
terrified of snakes frogs bug mice mice
especial why I giving you frickin failed
up no I'm not reading any of this and I
know you're not scared of any of it okay
there was Twitter they are hyper just
yeah anyway that's how she wank says she
wants to wake up someone she like hi
she's been on a first date why do I look
good I don't wink guys hey anyway today
is Saturday this is Michael on our first
day so you're making fun of that first
kid Oh guys eridan and adorable tennis
no they don't want to hear that click
like if you want to hear that and maybe
we'll talk about it but anyway let's get
this blog started it's up to you guys if
you want to double upload or not stop it
you recording yeah
you guys I got back from wrestling
Brenda was watching it and she made the
mistake of telling me that she enjoyed
it so now it has become my mission to
make Bridget a wrestling fan so you
ready to see what your days ago consist
oh yeah Kevin Steen which you don't know
it was just like the God intervene in
Kevin Owens holy doesn't mean this is
actually a hand pump that is actually AJ
Styles and that is the Mojo this he has
a brother David everything Seth Rollins
oh my god it's just like it doesn't it
what is Alice's family
am I crazy I've survived both in
wrestling yeah I'm in this dude there's
a flow in him okay this is the Ring of
Honor this is Kevin isn't the bathtub
ring of honor right here okay and Seth
Rollins Kevin Owens AJ Styles this is
bridges day wait that's really the
people that's not like brothers
Oh God Oh guys Michael I don't stinks
more it was not about that I don't know
seems more District grandpa toilet seats
are just one oh yeah go right in area
okay that's fast please give me
straining oh not right in the right area
up to turn on this turn around
okay Bridget break it carry it
you're going to flip out oh my god you
destroy Oh God destroy something good
here
okay God and now that smells like fresh
fart
well they freakin poo pourri ah okay it
was a little more happening what why
does it think so oh no what the hell
crawled up your ass and died
oh no love all myself
I saw Nicole oh my god oh oh and I'm
filming anymore
no we're losing all leverage it
why oh god damn it dad oh you tryin to
stink
vicious stand on stink can we stop it
what the hell are you guys on spray room
for Bridget oh my god stop it and
yesterday's vlog I asked you to click
like if you wanted to see the snake
prank that we did to mom bo5 so I was
talking to my daddy oh five and we were
trying to think of something bigger
prank his white clothes huh and he said
she's terrified of snakes and I was like
well you got this today which I would be
holding right now Bridget leaving in the
bedroom yeah I was like we got there we
could actually was thing to make I pray
grandpa within the gaboon viper friend
oh my god and he was like oh oh yeah
what stop of the time that's how he is
in regular life guys he's like what's up
Michael 2005 here you gotta like that
listen we're really cool hanging out
with him you go yeah they were so so so
cool awesome guy he wanted to prank his
wife so I said what about the snake he
loved it so here we go you guys pranking
mommy oh five all right you guys sitting
here with team do five yo what's up this
is Cody you've grown Cody okay Cody then
come stay with team do fine
what top CEO five and right now we're
gonna go prank Heather with this face
thing she's terrified of snakes
apparently well I meant to sneak this
outside bridges gonna record we're going
to get her yeah these are our cameras
here that's crazy and Anatol it's it's
not like we gotta get we're getting the
wireless here soon so right now for
temporary hardwire yeah that's pretty
cool yeah well I mean it you gotta know
what's up team and we all got this one
here who hasn't given to me thank you
are they might going down under this and
inside yeah yeah yeah they're just
they're pretty cool
that is awesome
that's what you want again yes you guys
should totally get cameras they really
are cool they told us we could screw
nothing into the house yeah yeah we're
getting ready to buy soon oh and you
know what was that what does that tell
you felt bad I said I found that sorry
didn't you I ran into somebody on the
movers oh I'm sorry
sorry alright welcome to our house you
gotta you got it no no wait wait wait
wait okay look at how wonderful and so
she doesn't feel afraid anymore
why do you really get put a spider on
you Wow there it is you guys the prank
we got mom bo flies up to say look dude
I was so convinced that the cops are
going to be called oh my god I know when
he was chasing her out in the yard with
it I looked over across the street and
the neighbors were like all of you
outside the door like what house what
the hell is going on gosh I never say
that oh yeah they definitely don't like
us guys they don't judge how do we were
told them but when the hurricane came
and we were using our generator we turn
it off a guy talks rudely like fuck you
bother me yeah bitch and you know what
they were using one - so what the hell
yeah you are use the one yeah nearly
drowned
yes asshole all neighbors hate us so
anyway that was the prank - Bobby oh
five let's finish up this vlog guys we
might be doing the double upload smack
the like button if you wanted so we're
going to be getting out of here in just
a minute but before I do that I want to
take a minute to talk to you guys
because number one I enjoy doing I like
getting down on a level where I can talk
to you personally so I wanted to take a
minute to talk to you guys because
there's a lot of stuff going on YouTube
and people are asking if we're affected
and of course everybody's affected right
but it's not always about you know the
bottom dollar I guess you could say
that's not what anybody does this for
I'd be lying if I said it's not a
contributing factor right but the reason
we make videos and the reason that we
want to do it every day is because you
guys enjoy it which is what I wanted to
tell you guys thank you thank you for
all the support because because of your
support we were able to accomplish so
much more than I ever imagined I got a
stand still
I was rendering nor myself more than I
ever imagined we'd be able to accomplish
it's emotional I'm not going to get
emotional I just wanted to say thank you
you guys are the greatest you thank you
for watching the videos because with
this you know all the stupid stuff going
on in YouTube it's got it's all you guys
that keep coming back that make it all
worth it so thank you guys so much
it's a beautiful day by the way that
little chirp it's going to start getting
nervous in a second but for right now
it's good so anyway we're going to do
the outro I just wanted to take a minute
to tell you guys thanks for all the
support and the love and the shares and
the likes without you guys we wouldn't
still be doing this so thank you so much
for wanting to see us and wanting to
watch our lives and just thanks let's go
do this outro well that's going to be it
for today you guys thanks for watching
long day
it might get longer if you guys want
that second upload smack the like button
we're going to grandpa's you're very
excited about this I haven't seen your
dad in a while I kind of miss them I
feel you're planning a prank nope
nice okay just being a little like let's
get it anyway guys I'm gonna get out of
here thanks for watching
going over to grandpa's house hopefully
if you guys want to see it but that's
going to be it I almost put my pants
again that was kind of gross michael
says pants I did not
Bridget Oh tell him I did he's dead
bedand he didn't at all how bad does got
all moment all I didn't anyone we can
add more thanks for watching you guys
like subscribe favorite haunt everything
to us and that's it I love you guys so
much what is this song coming out pfv
said next Friday that's too long but
there's a snippet coming on in Twitter
tonight
