what's going on you guys kid behind a
camera here visualize here right there
and today and Friday happy fuck she's
she's filthy let me tell you that right
out of the brown bat she's filthy head
fuck Friday why by the way you can't
tell we're filming this in front of a
broken rail we're just totally gone now
look at that dude cause like I jump from
this thing er oh my gosh if you didn't
see the blog I uploaded about two weeks
ago I was leaning against it and it
popped and that was two straight up on
the ground she did it thanks anyway
today is fun Friday and today it is fun
Friday and there is a surprise
somebody's coming over what someone's
coming over dad no yes no but who you
are a surprise what does that mean
you'll see you they'll be here soon they
they come or not always surprised there
are youtubers what yeah we Juggernog
it's an Alfred no what is this someone
else cause I don't like it seriously
Michael surprise alright this is
legitimate surprise for me right now and
I don't know this is like randomly
happen are you joking no I'm not they
should be here within 10 minutes
no wonder you want to do the vlog right
now yeah let's start recording your
quick yeah let's start recording out
here and do the intro out here guys
before that happens earlier in the day
she recorded me recording a new song for
her guys I've been crying about it all
freakin day I mean it's the most
touching song ever
I do new song go POV I love it you guys
Bridget recorded me doing it
check this out we started dating in 2008
I saw her name on mine and I knew that I
had
to say hello to Herman so why did did
not step on some kind of date and then
she said okay man I was happy so I tried
to take all the money that I had I had
to gather all the change pal okay
I just see what's up to beat hold on all
right all the money that I had it's okay
you can do it all the money that I had
to gather all the change I found around
the house inside the town so I could try
and pay and make it seem like I had
money but I have to say the truth to her
Kossuth early I never really had a thing
and man I can't believe it then she
found out and she didn't care I found a
girl to cherish it I swear it man they
always really go me have it okay Rico
clear things or so much no it is it I
may say I'm not recording this yeah I am
no you're not yes I am well you are
recording yes Bridget I'm embarrassed
don't be embarrassed a great song that
was the trial run and I'm embarrassed to
let anybody through it I won't be able
to hear it
it's great PAP is gonna put it out when
I get a final product done I can trap
you I'm not even funny yes you are
Michael your Twitter name is out there
put out for a reason I'm embarrassed
with a Twitter name sometimes why should
they just be kid bianna cam
Michael you're you're a rapper no I'm
not you're a little rapper and it's cute
it was cute two jokes before I'm a rap
artist but now I'm not oh no but really
that song is amazing and guys I can all
wait for you guys to hear it they're
gonna hate it
no they're not hated already provide you
oh do you the whole song valve is I love
prison I'm just like quite alright now
darlin please say you do it I can't I
can't no no
oh I'm so cute he wants so bad
can I be can't have it it was me after
yesterday alright so that's the new song
it's not out yet I finished recording it
today it sounds without a horn what I'm
who is there
it's a surprise I don't do surprises
let's check over there and make sure you
know they could be a very few things I
feel like you're trolling me right now
no there is nobody coming and they're
youtubers so you converse and it's not
mcjuggernuggets it's not very nice guys
who do you think it is comment right now
if anybody takes the right guess they
clearly Zita cuz I really have a gasps
are you guys ready now I'll give you a
hand
this person has close to a million
subscribers or what are you joking with
this you guys want chill out I know
Brian the grizz's so brood Bella
guys we're sitting there trying to the N
chart of the vlog and all of a sudden I
guess it was like a crumb of something
on the part and Belle decides to attack
lazy over the freaking crumb weird thing
dude that is so sad you guys okay guys
bridges trolling me you're trolling me
let's get the Friday started
liar it's free just not trolling me
right now when she is but if she's not
trolling me I'm trying to think who with
almost a million subscribers would give
a fuck to hang out with me or meet us
who do we know with almost name drops no
not him the O bridge is a freaking van
coming down I just got to tell you
something what I lied but we're actually
getting kidnapped
come on this is not funny for serious
film it we need a bail I don't again I
don't need to see on camera this is what
really come in here her getting
kidnapped you wouldn't be so cool about
it well it's only you getting kidnapped
not me thing let's see if see if they
roll up
you're lying to me right I'm not lying
yes you're lying I'm not lying we're
getting kidnapped today what the van is
here bro okay fucking so k1 be like oh
holy shit holy fucking shit shit Michael
they're coming they're coming
oh my god Michael bit over here Oh
protecting you oh I don't know what come
here
oh oh shit D shit
Michael I call those fucking gearbox
everything's good like a septic tank
so okay was it
so ah they won't see us
oh my god I think they have a shotgun
what the fuck Hey
she told me somebody was coming I'm
sorry
thank you are you guys please sorry guys
all right she told me somebody was
coming happen she's a big kid now this
is vanpool battle backpacker by lazy all
right the only guys are you doing know
this guy occasion videos no Cody
Smiley's income in every room yeah I'll
be Cody today yeah I know you go to you
guys thanks a lot ready
I'm pretty sure the neighbors are called
police so oh you guys wrong you know up
so for handedness it's me here is the
anger grandpa picture that morning cool
that is so real look it's like his
tongue yeah it looks way yeah exactly
what do you guys think about the picture
yeah oh whoops wait hey Tony like that
give me oh that thing Jarrett what boys
so angry air pollution cuz you always do
a ton okay we are doing examples one
yeah okay cool goddamn nuts ow glady way
work is you guys don't know who daddy or
five is I talked about him in the balls
go Syme every time I with my nephews and
I become uncle Oh for whatever it is
yeah check them out his channel is below
this dude's got with the million
subscribers down there so 9,000 oh yeah
you got a hundred how do you like being
on YouTube buddy love it good here's Joe
Zito shot with you we're gonna mask you
stuff so anyway who wants cover to Linda
are you guys that did 43050
okay my speech buddy me Phil job Arnett
go create your nominee got longer we
find that I wish you had Cody
did you know they're leaving you guys
they're coming out to enough of their go
to subscribe to team video 5 Daniel 5
all right you guys
that was daddy-o 5 that was a really
good visit they are so cool they were
awesome
we actually okay Clyde had sexual
feelings oh my god dude boy I love you
today
Clyde is me yesterday it was daddy or
five kids today and now I got chill okay
where was I oh yeah I pranked
daddio 5's wife Heather and I got to get
permission to use it if you saw when we
were in the office the kid had a fake
snake over his shoulder hey guys let me
tell you some one of the greatest snake
reactions I've ever seen in my life fun
it was so good
I tricked her into seeing our security
cameras outside there I'm sorry fire I'm
sorry I'm pretty sure the cops are gonna
be I'm still waiting for the cops oh my
god she was screaming it was insane
neighbors walked out oh yeah there was a
lot I was on but anyway I gotta get
permission to use it if you want to see
it smack the like button enough enough
people smack that like button that can
go look Mike look how did people want to
see this thing so let us know the cost
let us know in the comments make the
like button that's it that's okay I
can't talk that's it for team do five
but first before I do the outro speaking
of stuff that I didn't use this is a
scene from Orlando and just to give you
a little bit of background for it me Jim
and his girlfriend Amanda for getting on
an elevator and we got on it it's gone
so bad it's like someone took a crap in
the elevator and I was like oh my god
Amanda well we get to the bottom there's
somebody there let's blame Jim and he
successfully blamed me I never used the
footage I showed Bridget she wanted you
guys to see it this was from Orlando
somebody shit on buddy Amanda now if we
want an innocent yeah oh my god which is
you're pretty good right now
okay oh God okay I made that alliance
with one Jim you got it was him good
actually killing hey I'm good kill Joe
oh well that's going to be it for today
guys thanks for watching had a pretty
good day it's been pretty good day
team do five thanks for coming and
hanging out it was so awesome e all of
you you guys are so cool I love the
whole family yeah guys are so awesome
let me ask you are you getting sick I
think I might begin sick me too oh my
gosh I hope we don't get them back if
they're on the way they're on their way
to Disney
dude wicked spread
we get big they spread to everybody it
did oh nice
we are patient zero Oh anybody guess
it'll trace back right here but anyway
thanks for watching you guys had a
pretty good day that's gonna be it
look out for that new saga pfb like
subscribe favorite hi every thing for
just that I love you guys so much
this mom coming soon I'm actually home
sick i foudn still don't mass him crap
fella yeah okay you guys that was B into
the bottle just now
daddy or five just came back and he left
and I guess his son stole from P oh when
he came those wrestlers he was upstairs
the whole time play with the wrestlers I
get to look I said he can have them yeah
but it's not my place to say that that
he is their father but he filmed it you
guys uh well right there was that
freaking I love the big show and Jeff
Hardy oh god that's so cute
high elbow that's adorable I'm released
a buddy you can have it I look I can't
say that nothing less you could have it
I wish you could you said he's gonna
punish him at Disneyland oh no guys
Specter by Quentin if you want the video
where we prank Mario 5 that's it I'll do
outro like these guys favorite time
thanks and then
I'm really sorry you could have had
those wrestlers Oh
