what's going on you guys get me on a
camera here Bridget west here right if
you guys do it right hey just like her I
can't dude you're gonna have to try
you've already opened up a can of worms
what's going on you guys kid behind the
camera here Bridget West here Yeah right
there and today thank you I don't know
what ha ha ha ha wait doesn't she just
say Anne today again yeah way you say
and today you interrupted me Bridget
today is Saturday and today we're here
at today's Saturday naked family diner
are you just losing track of your days
yeah man they're all just complete all
bleeding to one long miserable day so
today we're here at breakfast at Nick's
family diner so I don't know if it's
gonna be good or not I think it's going
to be amazing I think so yeah man places
like this are always great it's like
built from like an old like pizza hut or
something and so I don't know it's a
it's like a diet but it looks pretty
good so we're going to eat right now you
guys I don't want to keep the intro
going today start somebody comes with
Linds oh hello so we're with Nick's
family diner and we're about to show our
table right now what I miss
nice man treatment sorry
here at holding a little bit though me
and Jeff both got chicken and waffles
Ronnie here God what is this
stop French stuff Amanda comes like
every that's what it's called right
would be everything area here we go but
this place looks pretty taking it
walking boy
yeah I'm not hard tastes on blah blah
Wow
I will require everybody eating right
Nick yeah well I guess I was laughing
I'll take a big voice yeah a writer a
camera tastes like it looks Bush Jim
what's your line just cover one ain't
too much chicken just hide from a Jim
chicken you did item Jim's potatoes
I would did it although we're waiting
for an uber to leave okay if I throw up
can I do it in your face projectile if
you have to man I have to us thing ready
and get this little thumbnail what could
you do that was repulsive guys this
place was freaking awesome really
serious to come to Knicks they didn't
pay me to say this every time I promote
somebody people like yeah they paged you
Nick's family restaurant paid you they
did not but it was really good breakfast
go check them out
we're waiting on uber okay so he's going
to go ahead a tree and pretend to be a
dinosaur or a raptor I mean come on
maybe like you got it yo full character
just like yeah I want a full screech you
guys in this video exists forever now
forever I love that copyright I gotta
stop the song right there enough time to
keep it
Bridget is calling me for what is this
at the night time
i'ma have to answer the time hello hey
this is what I call number 10 know what
9 no hey Bridget I'm alive okay
everything's okay I breakfast
chicken and waffles or is that cute to
you that's so cute so you give me with
like made fun of your chicken and
waffles now you you deserve this pwnage
keep going Jim call Heather sooo cute
chicken one jab breakfast Michael yes we
ate breakfast Oh
tomorrow Jim ordered a peanutbutter
sandwich
I thought you said I had oh yeah earlier
I said you had shrimp look I'm making it
up I'm covering the lid I'm gonna talk
to Bridget right now we just got to our
first wrestling event I'm pretty excited
too else wrestling thought we were going
to a dance competition yeah there's
there's a dance competition like on the
other side of the wrestling it's weird
well which gym were not in trucks we can
go yeah Jim wants to enter the dance
competition I'm good I thought you are
you're going to yeah I'm going
what was the name of your date you're
going to do I'll do the swim swim yeah
you know what he's gonna do the swim you
do the whole thing now what is the
rounding is this went out to swim like
yeah that's yeah why is they called the
swim because you're sinking that's why I
would call the drown good truck baby
because you're like drowning so can we
give us the name Jim why would I tell
you it's a surprise dude I have to I'll
tell you guys first things first if he's
dancing to dance of the sugarplum
fairies so that's better
are you spoiling my I'm not really I'm
not giving the full routine just a song
doing the Grimaldi's
want to say something Graham your
biggest fan right man y'all are all
y'all y'all my grip give it you want to
do his eating yeah yeah that was for you
ground judaism is nuts
oh shit this right here is the line to
meet everybody else now this is the line
to meet the Hardy Boys and that is
insane
she denied her you can i honey and once
a kid seen it now Ronnie I know kid yeah
you do know good morning to you man
Ronnie Ronnie and Michael kids we're
strangers he's your best friend
get it what we wear and do your best
friend or not thought you were my best
all right I guess let's do it yes cam no
you guys you know you doesn't want the
museum projected we do now so on the
phone with beef right now what's your
name man run man see this dad I'm
talking to his dad on the phone and he's
like forwarding videos talking haulage
izing for the switch like this entry's
is amazing yeah no big shout-out to Pete
and Daniel Pina end
I would love you to thank you very much
hey guys so I'm here and I'm really
scared and Michael on answering his
phone and I think there's a ghost and I
keep looking at security cameras nothing
yet
hopefully your call has been forwarded
to an automated voice messaging system
hey I'll text them whatever Michael I
miss you please call me soon I really
miss you and I'm really scared and I'm
thinking about playing The Witcher all
frickin night until daylight so that I
go sleep call me love you
dear
yeah okay guys so I am just watching
this Michael where are you
oh here what's your channel ain't killed
friends wait I'll daily heard it Hank
and friend Hank and friend which is okay
what do you do I do
voice drawing I also upload gameplay and
I view blog what kind of wood voice
trolling what is that
ah basically I go on call of duty in
high school people my voice is like
Peter Griffin see the hell hell is here
some of them alright I come up here my
name's Peter Griffin what's up you bitch
yo damn it Bobby what the hell is a good
you have a narrative rape fraud
there's ice which is no muscle oh wow
how do you do the whistle that's crazy
gotta be a Francis Francis like boogies
deputy okay yeah yeah what my goddamn
out you do that's good I'm recording
this alert him right now let me smell
your breath let me show you breath how
to do still bitch I'm recording this
right now there's even got to see this
now Oh No
okay buggy this dude does like a mean
impression of you I mean a good one
looks good
oh my god yeah bout aq prison hey guys
you crash eh dude this is a good of
priceless really I don't owe you my
cowboy Wow camera still have light airy
oh sweet
I appreciate that man really hacking it
on a red one Hey
my house that they Michael you Jim this
dude driver camera sales well you got to
give me a warning man I just I just
covered let everyone do it do it
oh the Ridgid I just saw like blowing me
up so bridges been blowing me up like 40
or 50 calls
I'm not calling you back
and he does want me to tell you back
either I'm gonna look no the Guerlain
Berlin Wall actually touching
usually smudgey doing that oh my god
what the hell else is to happen
oh my god
gives your glass-top rested
oh my god he was
that's it he's dead alright guys so
currently the lights don't work and I
think this should be enough
hey Michael bring me a shotgun or a
quake I got a gun Michael hurry I don't
know if you can hear me Brad of
wrestling and we're back at the burrito
place my feeling yeah ready to smash
this burrito I'm fit guys is super late
mean would he look I should've loved why
don't we blog any of that don't you love
it
no talking about athletes show guys
there were no rumors the window cab we
sat there for about 45 minutes alone
ronnie was very scary yeah Ronnie's are
crying I do get any Amanda wait
I got nothing what did she do what are
you I think I am feeling down and I am
feel for this anyway we're eating I'm
going to be out in just a minute what it
has not been a good night huh hey go
ahead
hey baby is she no kind of a nightlight
every time I say oh well I have got
ended here guys hide I really didn't eat
now actually Michael thank you so much
stops fine
Michael thank you so much for calling me
I'm scared I love you I love you guys I
miss you
laughter tonight
wish me luck
