what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here for us here right there
and today Michael is leaving you said
today is Saturday and today I'm going to
Orlando
okay you're not gonna say anything else
you just said why first you remember
last year I left like the Saturday
before and came back like frickin well
Jim a girl like he's all sick but you're
a guy for like two weeks it was almost
two weeks not quite this time is only
like frickin not even a week I don't
miss you chill out
today I'm going to Orlando and you would
think that I was moving there yeah he's
moving there guys guys check this now
okay I've had enough clothes for like
the next six months in Orlando but you
know what
I want lots of stuff to work I want
options if I want to wear four shirts in
a day I've done it if I want to wear an
extra pair of boxers I'm probably going
to do that most likely look today I'm
going to our way you wanted extra boxers
and keeps you like shows pants that's
all okay you see when you be disgusting
on vlogs and give this nigga an attitude
enough okay you guys today I'm going to
Orlando if you didn't see the video we
uploaded yesterday angry grandpa
destroyed by Nintendo switch so I don't
have a switch to play on the airplane
and that is awful but I still love the
man so I can't talk I still love them
I'm going to go see them right now let's
go see your grandpa will grab bad right
after we did the intro just now Bridget
like you've got a booger right so in
just in case you see a booger in my
freaking face during the intro it's
because Bridget warned me ahead
hi we're going to grandpa's how I leave
like three hours I was coming to say
goodbye to you big goodbye to me why are
you giving me a present Aman Orlando
yeah it's gonna be a Nintendo switch
from you to me oh you play me that damn
thing one more time I broke it I did not
you can't prove it
dad oh I know you have no accountability
what is this
just like that what is this my cheer hey
what is that sticking out of it the bad
broke off what the hell
so what is that then if I don't have
this thing that girl with that what oh
if you need a chair I'll get you a chair
as I said the best not on there I go all
the way out oh my gosh
what the hell Lauren did you put the
switch all night like I was hoping for
let me tell you one thing you know I was
gonna leave it for Lauren right she
wanted to play the switch so I was gonna
have you play it and they let her play
it the rest of the night the more I go
to lunch you can switch a game for the
bid okay
what does that mean nothing you like
that are missed though let me just get
you a chair now I'm good
well to you to Lauren I have a nice trip
you just told me out already I'm trying
to tell you I'm leaving on you be gone
till Wednesday job he goes to the
weekend oh please come Monday you can be
calling me I miss you so much I will
call you while you're going yeah you
Mike I'm not the same without you
life's not the same damn lie yeah talk
to me and so you know I need you so you
know Bridget is going to be coming to
visit
yeah I need someone to check up on you
even though you got Lauren I want bridge
to come and check up on you yeah okay I
want as well - that's happening what
maybe is thanks Lauren I'll buy
something dude well I can't play it's
wait so you broke the switch why are you
getting my dad a break it yes you did
why are you getting mad at I will never
admit to breaking it well you did it
like there's proof I will never s me
okay I'm going to turn off this camera
talk off camera but you're going to
cover the Lindo we're talking about the
switch we just got done talking he has
admitted that he destroyed the soy there
not only has the cameras on me amid
off-camera lies yeah did not okay I'm
leaving it was like Mike I'm so sorry I
love you I'm still a poky little Delta
game I got to go home and get ready
so hi loving man let me to have a good
trip I want a real hug from the
thumbnail
let's also I get to hug my dad's I get
thumbnail for some reason really again
it again oh shit don't tell me that
don't tell me that I'm probably gonna be
whistling earlier okay me all right I
love them then do oh I got one last
thing for you
oh my god that way you can remember me
oh my god I'm out dude
I think I'm gonna come with y'all you're
recording yes you are not going to like
this why you need to give this face
while I'm gone doesn't work life burned
out are you serious yep
Michael you can't go I've gotta go I'm
gonna be so scared but that's not it
oh come on this is not work either that
one works thank God but you don't got
this and you don't got the bedroom ah
what the hell
so you can't go I'm going to be too
scared I'm going budget your night I go
what if a ghost attacks me
Bridget the ghosts I saw last night look
friend Michael no we don't have ghosts
there's no such thing
the other is we're just there's no
ghosts
you're gonna be fine how do you know
because the ghosts behind you told me
seriously guys she is unraveling here we
go you guys I'm at the airport
yeah I'm doctor around you're not going
don't even jump like that you no longer
go I'm going you guys
no listener I think you know let's get
going you'll see by the middle this blog
on your ticket the ticket turn my book
which she didn't do wrong and they
cancel your flight she didn't kill you
might have and I'm gonna be that'll
screw me are you guys this is my
drop-off point
now I'm just gonna keep going you shall
jump out okay forget it folder it's not
all right you guys I'm leaving
Charleston now unfortunately for you
this is not the end of Bridget for the
next few days she is going to be are you
crying quit doing this you know make me
sad I don't want to do it up cameras
here
are you guys bridget is going to be
vlogging and sending me the footage now
you know how to send it Ken because I
showed her like an hour lesson like you
know how to use this website yeah so if
she's not a vlog she did not to do it so
anyway Bridget thank you don't stop are
you guys I'm not going I'm not going to
Orlando you guys work up I'm leaving
okay thank you love you
of course the shirts blowing up like
kill my ass he wouldn't see it I'm a
piece on the street it's loading I wanna
see if that feels like that kiss on your
cheek when they hate you scream what you
be baby demonize up here one of heat
he was sleeps in the closets and
chopping your piece of beef if it goes
up on the whole g1 zoning and 23 stutter
we in the bedroom picnicking as well
we're goin
and dude it took you like 45 minutes
gotta play the entire time was your
seats like with a bag volley what's up
song
in a very large way really
next time choose your seat today more
expensive to get always respond
I'll wait to play 45 minutes so anyway
we are in Orlando and I don't know
abridge to do one right I'll probably
just crying I'm still I was officially
advised that it's not more expensive to
get first time I did not say that
I said look for the prime bond to the
pantry and I might Autobots all right
budgetary more than a criminal fee
whether you are here at business gain
like old people house they don't get
worse live there welcome to Orlando I'm
probably hot man it should really had
low this is Orlando mayor Buddy Dyer so
right now I'm sitting here with James
Amanda GP building junk food and Julia
gulia we are at healthy junk foods house
right now and we made some monstrosity
that was really good I don't show I'll
whiz by it I don't want to ruin it I
want you guys know crack yeah you guys
were talking pizzas and I don't exploit
it I'm just going to show you guys I
appreciate you guys I want to show it
I'm going to show it horizontal toilet
oh my goodness guys you got to come to
the channel that helped me jump through
it we made the craziest thing I should
even say involves pizza involves burgers
and involves greatness so I think it
guess what it is
okay it's dude it's freaking delicious
let me tell you they all try it with you
think it's amazing what do you think
this is this is legit Alexa turn studio
lights off
no did JB in a switch or something it's
just the agent in me like oh my ancestor
they invented this embedded lasso now
the lighting looks really bad in here
huh
Alexa turn the light back on we don't
like you know she looks she's like go
fuck yourself watch our live studio
lights yes screaming open door that's
fat turn on studio life okay
so she just doesn't like us Hey she
don't like poppy JP hi Michael long time
to get nice to Alexis she just don't
respect you nice for people to
reciprocate I'm out of here
healthy junk food check them out
subscribe to myth you're not they make
crazy food a lot of the recipes that I
cook like the chick-fil-a sandwiches and
in and out came from this guy in this
girl here they are crazy you might have
gone last week with that friggin Oreo
thing oh yeah the Oreo thing about comas
right I'll say my calm is pickle boy
goes to hell he'll healthy yeah this is
definitely not having guys but it seems
like with all the pizza and burgers yeah
I'll say what you like this you doesn't
gonna feel like hell I didn't get the
double D's feel I'm a little larger but
a larger fun oh my phone
we're at this place drinking with regal
logo
I was much more like an advertising for
their glory home can't use I'll get my
shot we got to take one yeah
Syrio there it is
how was that
oh you have visual try this on the other
side
yeah
like
good is the best one oh good
where'd you get I did it on purpose
where you got all right covered up my
wants no people eat come to the place
are you guys that's going to be after a
day that's day one in Orlando I went to
see healthy junk food and we made
something taught it was a total
abomination I don't know when that's
going to come out because we film for
like three hours so there's probably
going to be a lot of editing I don't
want to tell you exactly what it was how
to explain this thing I can't I can't
explain it I'll let you guys know when
it's on the healthy junk food channel
but check out their channel first of all
because they are freaking awesome did
they teach you how to cook they make
crazy like over exaggerated foods like
really good Channel but anyway that's
going to be it had a really really solid
first day in Orlando
I talked to Bridget last night she has
been blowing up iPhone but not so bad
yesterday so that's pretty good because
usually when I go you know out of town
she blows up my phone and she's thinking
that I've died and anyway last night she
was pretty good we talked she seemed
pretty good but also a little scared
she's kind of scared like a ghost saving
us anyway Bridget fix the light it's the
next day so I'm literally about to start
the next vlog but I'm recording the
outro right now so anyway that's going
to be a printer native guys thanks for
watching great day dad I miss you
Bridget I miss you everybody I miss you
I love you guys so much thank you like
subscribe favorite if you haven't seen
it yet go check on the video we upload
yesterday
hang your Grandpa's blood my switch and
that's it
