what's going on you guys Kibby Annika uh
they put dirty looking okay oh okay it's
time to brush it's time to shower you're
right
later Michael is taking a shower in
three weeks three weeks
I read you guys let's cut this out of
the vlog
oh it's okay there one that bad Michael
what what's going on you guys get me out
of camera here but you wanna see yeah
right there today Michael smells like
crap today is Thursday and today is
throwback Thursday and I'm telling a
throwback story oh my god no you want to
do it I'll just do it up we're gonna
cause we're gonna call you guys you're
shaming see you soon guys I told you
yesterday that I was gonna make a bunch
of phone calls to say thank you to
everybody for streaming see you soon and
that starts tonight I want to say thank
you guys so much for everything that
you've done and by the way tomorrow I'm
uploading the lyric video oh god guys
it's soul-crushing I'm just going to
warn you it's sad but guys everybody
wanted to see it a lot of people want to
know what the lyrics are so tomorrow on
the angry grandpa show channel the lyric
video for see you soon guys I gotta talk
to you about something very important
when I go to New Orleans pray for me I'm
really scared for you actually not gonna
lie let's do this in just a second I'm
gonna be telling my throwback story you
guys and it's gonna be several hours
from now we got a lot of like errands to
run off camera but guys before we do
that I got to tell you something that
leads into the story starting with New
Orleans WrestleMania WrestleMania guys
I'm going to New Orleans for
Wrestlemania next month and I was
talking to Jim and Jim had an idea that
I wanted to run by you guys first being
that New Orleans is the Voodoo death
capital of the world he wants to stay in
a haunted hotel huh I don't believe in
ghosts
but maybe I could guys I want to know
what you think do you want me to stay in
a haunted hotel when I go to New Orleans
I'm probably gonna crap my pants
oh I'm probably gonna not be able to
sleep pack some diapers extras guys I
need to be pampered when I'm in New
Orleans guys do you want to see it smack
the like button if you want me to stay
in a haunted hotel when I go to New
Orleans and we're gonna do it cross your
fingers that everything turns out
alright guys I'm scared I'm nervous
whoo I don't know what it's gonna be
like guys time for a little throwback
story I just wanted to do that because
it leads into the story that I'm about
to tell about the other couple you hear
about it in just a second smack you're
like but if you I'm staying at a haunted
hotel gonna be making God our swear to
God I just saw a face right there
I'm probably just freaking out that's
what I love random sounds like this I'm
not terrified at all I'm probably just
freaking out because of the subject
matter because you guys as I said I'm
probably gonna be staying in a haunted
hotel when I go to New Orleans for
Wrestlemania and this story is about
staying in a haunted hotel with angry
grandpa now dad doesn't believe in
ghosts
either you're a motorcycle or you're
Texas Chainsaw Massacre either way do
what you got to do that's the type of
person who never believed in ghosts my
doing no Thursday that guy damn ghosts
and then he hears something strange and
maybe it's a good idea ghosts so
naturally when we stayed in a haunted
hotel when I was 12 years old he took
off running from the motel and drove
home I'm getting too far ahead of myself
let's backtrack just a little bit guys I
was 12 years old and me and dad decided
to go to Myrtle Beach land up the water
the hotel and the expensive food and we
wanted to go because we heard there was
a wholesale or selling knives and swords
and weapons that we could sell at the
flea market for Maji on the way to
Myrtle Beach grandpa got lost and I mean
really lost I mean ours out-of-the-way
loss like Myrtle Beach was three hours
from Columbia for some reason it took us
to the zip knock just go home it took us
10 hours to get to Myrtle Beach when it
should have taken us two and a half like
it was ridiculously long grandpa was
taking detours and back roads and he had
no clue where he was going so much so
that by the time we got to Hertel beach
we had to go to bed it was just going on
midnight it was late we had to go like
seriously the place didn't even open any
more we got to sleep somewhere naturally
my father being who he was wanted to put
me in the grandest hotel in Myrtle Beach
and dad I love you for it he wanted to
spare no expense so he found a place
that was like five dollars a night I
think it was called the murder in dad
was not about to spend anything over
$20.00 on a hotel room and we saw guys
we went in there and this place stunk
with bedbugs it was a dryness in the air
we couldn't breathe and we had to sleep
here tonight now who cares right it's
just a hotel room it's one night we
decide to just go right to sleep
now about three o'clock in the morning
comes and me and dad both wake up and
that's the UFO passing by just ignore it
okay it's just a aliens 3 o'clock in the
morning hits and suddenly we hear bump
bump bump and it's coming from the
bathroom now naturally dad being as
brave as he is and not believing in
ghosts he was like my good about through
a check I'm 12 years old dad you're what
50 why do I got a check you ain't lived
alone with me you ain't gonna care if
you die so of course I go to the
bathroom to check I have to investigate
the noise what was it what was knocking
on the bathroom that scared my father so
bad
of course I didn't find anything there
was nothing we decided to go back to bed
it was probably rats 3:30 comes boom now
dad's up okay Mike this bullshit what
the hell was you pranking me away huh
what was again we're scared we ignore it
we go back to bed if he comes a little
bit of a pattern four o'clock in the
morning boom boom boom
dad's awake five o'clock in the morning
bump bump bump dad's awake
505 bump bump bump dad was already awake
he's scared to death now finally about
seven o'clock in the morning something
happens that I did not hear dad swore to
God till his dying day that he heard
this now I never did I was asleep
all of a sudden I hear dad mom I get up
I get up you gotta get out of here I
heard something all I know is dad takes
off running from the motel I'm sitting
there in bed half asleep not knowing
where the hell he went
I follow him he gets in the van we take
off and head back home not even
bothering going to look at knives or
swords and I don't know what happened
now apparently dad heard his own name he
heard a voice they Charlie and he was
not happy he was okay I keep seeing
stuff I'm finishing the story inside I
don't care
forget it
nope so the way the story went as
grandpa told me as I was asleep and he
heard his own name he heard somebody say
Charlie and he was like nope I'm out of
there we left we went home never went
back to Myrtle Beach again how about
that grandpa was driven out of Myrtle
Beach by a voice at a five dollar hotel
anyway guys it's time to make some phone
calls I want to take a minute to tell
you guys thank you for everything so
let's do it
I'm gonna call you soon here we go hey
hope you guys really enjoyed that
throwback Thursday story now it's time
for us to make some phone calls to thank
you guys for downloading see you soon
the song actually came out a week ago
you believe it I can't even believe it
and also you guys are freezing up a
Twitter Bridget opened up her DM so
people can send phone numbers and it's
totally frozen guys I make him more
phone calls I've been doing it all week
but I just haven't been vlogging it now
we're vlogging it let's phone call some
people
what's phone cause of people first phone
call Courtney come on Courtney quit
moving I'm getting in a position that I
like I'm getting lighting okay so hey is
this Courtney hey Courtney all right she
said to get out of here thanks for
talking you supposed to get out
Wow is this not Tabitha no this sounds
just like your front oh no it's not
you're not it does it does
you sound just like Bridget's friend
exactly like her well hey I wanted to
say thank to you for hey what's up man
I'm doing okay man how about you yeah
you mind if we vlog this cool so what do
you guys think about the song yeah I'm
waiting for something to be like it's
bullshit that's what I'm waiting for
someone like hey is this Kyle what's up
Kyle wait a minute is this BAM I love it
do because people ask you a bunch of
questions and not me why why don't you
run there now no no make her get on the
phone yeah yeah hey what's up hey girl
we're great why did you go running out
of the house it's like anxiety like well
like what Bridget when somebody's
deliver
yeah like the pizza knocks on the door
when she takes out the back the guy we
were fixing the call is who I would
consider to be our biggest fan he is
like the biggest fan ever guy is there
was Steve Billings and dudes a badass
man he he likes every tweet he responds
to every video he's in the comment
section every time he is our biggest fan
I've sent him merchandise I send him the
songs early this is the kind of stuff
that happens when you're a superfan you
guys Steve you're awesome
I'm gonna prank you a little bit yes oh
my god hey Steve actually I saw you were
kind of talking shit on Twitter I was
wondering that was about right now about
meats you said I'm a fat ass this is not
how I pictured his voices now you know
my god I thought you were gonna sound
like the guy from Mythbusters you know
like that actor you know today we're
gonna try this are you a real person
yeah one time me and Bridgette accused
each other of being Steve Billings I
know Steve and real it's you we all know
Steve Billings is real hey it's Brian
there yeah what's up Ryan what a Brian
I asked you first oh you know keemstar
trying to give me a play for at night
and like I die instantly so I'm like
fuck this game yeah
guys oh yes this men I saw your name on
the wall at a gas station
and I'm fucking pissed would you ruin it
what's up Mandy you know that would have
been a good prank at Bridge didn't ruin
it I'm sorry
hey is this Taylor yeah what's up
this is Kip behind a camera what is that
Taylor I think these are the reactions I
like some of these people I called okay
what's up there either is bad well what
is that well here I am I wanted to say
number one thank you for you know
downloading the song and you know
talking about it is helped tremendously
thank you so much yeah it's you know I I
put a lot of emotions into it but not
all the emotions like when you hear the
song dear dad it's gonna it's gonna tear
you up it's pretty uh pretty
heartbreaking bad song yeah so apologies
in advance if that makes you cry oh yeah
it's very sad hey are you guys one more
phone call we'll call them krysta this
is that guys thank you so much if I
didn't call you I'm not done I'm gonna
be making phone calls but that's two
weeks so keep showing me that you got
the song keep harassing us on Twitter
and let us know and I'm gonna be making
more phone calls this is just the end
for the vlog Oh
krysta
this has been a lot of fun I know hello
hey is this Krista my name is bill
actually who's Michael what's up what up
very good how are you doing there's
Bridget hi Krista thank you I love you
too thank you so much I appreciate that
I'm so sorry about your dad
you know it's I don't know how it is two
years later but I know it's not easy or
two months later and it's just it's been
so hard it's it's it's a numbing feeling
and I don't know if I'll ever feel right
again you know to go from me and my dad
being Mike shadows for 30 years to all
of a sudden I'm never gonna see him
again I can't process that I it's it's
tremendously heart shattering for me to
imagine life without him and I could
only imagine it's the same for you
easier but again it gets easier in a
sense to deal with but I saw your blog
the other day where you're talking here
next to you about everything and how you
were saying Oh something you said really
got senior like all I know I'm not the
man that he was but I want you to know
that like you are Michael you're amazing
like the things he's done for your
nephews and trigger family you're such a
great person and you reduce you to be
such an amazing man and Mike I know
you're going to follow this footsteps
here gonna do so good and they just
think you're just an amazing man he
raised you so well well hey I appreciate
them the world's like I know it's not
gonna get easier for a while but you
guys are gonna get through you got
Bridget and I know your dad's with you
he's so proud of you you know I put on a
smile you know every day well so you
awesome at 17 I'm really sorry to hear
that because it's so unfair cuz I still
didn't have enough time with my dad but
so I couldn't imagine losing him like so
young cuz I almost did you know he he
almost died so many times and I couldn't
imagine being 30 and having lost him 15
years ago you know I couldn't imagine
how that would feel
should say they talk about all the time
dear dad I see you're not in pain
it's good to know the bruises on your
back have gone away you're a great man
