okay you guys so Michael is trying to do
the intro and I don't think it's working
out this way but it's really funny
anyway you got babe I don't think this
is working out I think we should do a
regular intro oh I think we should do a
regular intro why because I thought it'd
be cool because you're like so far away
and stuff yeah yeah I'll get on the
front force camera okay you try it or we
could just do a regular intro I want to
do a cool intro this is really cool but
yeah I think we should just do our
regular and strip a man it is cool that
we're doing it this one what what's
wrong with the guys hey I'm gonna say
everything again if we did it go in
first
my goal with this Thursday started what
let's do an cover this one hey what's
going on you guys to be on a camera here
vigil eyes here right there and today
and Thursday and today you guys I guess
we got cameras I wanted to show you guys
in a cool way where I was doing the
intro in the security cameras but I
guess we're going to work it out I just
I just like our regular intros I didn't
want to do it for ever's when he won
interest and I watched British let make
fun of me it was cool though okay you
made fun of me boy I put that out there
she made fun of me I said I felt like it
so anyway today is Thursday and first I
told you guys that in this vlog I was
going to tell you the story about the
time that okay it was about Paul Heyman
and I want to do any more until you hear
the story it's very funny it is so it
was about his face
book or his Twitter I can't remember
what you wanna see he was both oh god
wasn't yeah I think it was you guys
you're going to hear that story later
but anyway today it's Thursday and today
we're going over to angry Grandpa's
house so he can play the Nintendo switch
dad I hope you like the switch and I
hope I hope you likes it too he's not
gonna find you like Nintendo well yeah
but this is Zelda this is not like poker
sounds chill anyway today is Thursday
today dad's trying to switch so babe I
have got an endless tweet saying that
it's not the switch itself it tastes
like crap
it's the games Bridget do you really
think that I would fall for that again
Michael I'm serious you had me freaking
licking this damn thing was humiliating
yeah but it's not the actual like thing
it's just that out at my school
that's very cool I'm gonna freakin play
the hell out of it I think you should
try a game I'm not trying a freaking
switch game you need to turn a game I
won't
you should I haven't playing Zelda
Michael like paste it you are gonna try
to embarrass me I'm not tasting it I'm
not trying to embarrass you okay nothing
Michael that's the switch I mean the
actual like it's on the game damn it
what are you talking about it's touch
screen what you know this yes you know
dude no forget it
Michael it's gonna embarrass me no one's
trying to embarrass you this is just an
experiment how is it a big nothing
you don't again to me
what the hell what alive there's no vice
this is an experiment yeah an experiment
to see who's an idiot and who would
actually do it I fell for it Hey
what does they need the cartridge yeah
that's what I think they might this yes
if you want to taste this yes what's it
taste like My Chemical holy shit oh my
god it tastes like chemical let me try I
go ahead Bridget your turn
Oh oh my god I want to eat the Swiss
game and I can't do this why oh yeah
what was really ruin it for dad can play
it dude this is so weird
really casually dude it as drugs now it
tasted abuse which game do guys all I
taste is Nintendo switch gamer whoa some
will exactly flavor guys I thought it
was a joke the Nintendo switch game
taste like complete what this is all I
see you use gag yeah guys this is really
good dude oh my god it's so gross guys
the d-10 dose which the games is really
strong yeah don't try them at home
seriously guys the flavor is real strong
chemicals all I cake yeah and it works
for me because I put it in like eight
times
I know do not do that alright you guys I
want to take a second to tell you guys
why
got cameras okay well if I can take the
whole thing you guys know there's been a
lot of shitty stuff happening in our
lives lately and we had to hire security
and then security systems and now video
cameras and one of the reasons is number
one there's been cars driving by late at
night number two this is open there's
like nothing in here though I don't know
something keeps opening this and we lock
it shut and this is the ghost don't say
it
oh my god no for real guys when you lock
it it's like the flat washer a shell
harvesters yeah it's like really hard to
open and lock all right I can't even do
it
oh we just only so it's like that you
can't like open it yeah so we do this
and then we'll come out in this fricking
open yeah so what the hell is going
happen so you guys we got cameras number
one because I wanted to do an intro
today that's literally nah that's not
the reason seriously guys this door
keeps opening I don't know why oh we are
so but opens again now in this it's
caught on camera guess what we're on it
all right you guys I'm going to be
getting out of here in just a few
minutes so before I do and that bird is
really chirping it's like oh is he
talking our let's go so anyway before I
get out of here today I wanted to tell
you guys the story that holy crap he's
doing it on purpose
he knows human beings we hated with
birdie she'll faint alarm system anyway
before I get out of here I promised you
guys yesterday if you click like I would
tell you the story about the time that
my nephews posted on Paul Heyman social
media accounts and if you don't know who
Paul Heyman is and excuse this custom
if you don't know who Paul Heyman is he
works for the WWE he comes out with
Brock Lesnar
he is the advocate for the first he's my
best friend
besides Jim who he's gonna be like nice
job asshole it was one of my best
friends in the whole world and for I
would say more than ten years I've
worked for the guy and it was my job to
post on the website check to see if
there's anything he needed to see on
Twitter or Facebook or any of that stuff
and just talk to him now this story
isn't about the fact that I work for
Paul Heyman and it's about the fact that
one day my nephews posted on his Twitter
and his Facebook account and I don't
know how long ago it was it was a really
long time ago like I don't know and
another gust of wind I don't know if it
was 2011 I don't remember if it was 2012
it was a long time ago we still lived in
trailwood so all the way back in the
trailwood days you guys long time ago
dad would leave the nephews and my care
and it would be in the morning times
he'd have to go pay bills or run errands
or buy groceries and excuse this
gigantic gust of wind to some of them in
a hurricane it was a small gust of late
at night so anyway dad would leave the
nephews in my care now the problem was
because I worked so late with Paul is I
would wake up around noon and dad would
ask me to watch them around 8:00 in the
morning and I didn't go to bed till 4:00
so I ain't waking up so dad would leave
my nephews there and I would just say
hey have fun I would lock the door which
by the way the lock was Bridgette shoe
that we would wedge under the door so
nothing could open it and dad would
leave the kids there and I would have to
watch them the problem was I wouldn't I
would let them run amok so there was one
time the cops knocked on the door okay
if you guys want to hear that story
smack the like button okay it's totally
that's a bad one yeah the cops showed up
if you want to hear that smack like here
comes another hurricane oh crap
so one day grandpa has me watching my
nephews and I tell them do whatever you
want I go back to sleep and when I wake
up I noticed they're on the computer and
they're typing and this is like a
three-year-old and like a freaking
one-year-old later as a gag doesn't
matter let them do whatever they want so
I go back to sleep
one of my responsibilities working for
Paul Heyman was to wake up and see if
there was anything going on that he
needed to be alerted of if there's
anybody saying anything or anything that
he needs to know about I would tell him
about when I wake up so I get on his
Twitter I get on his Facebook I'm
looking around and when I'm on the
Twitter I noticed that on his timeline
the top thing is the word poop oh I
check his facebook sure enough whoo and
there's people responding they're going
poop question mark
hey man hustle where's that mean poop oh
my god whoo-hoo my nephew's place to
poop on Paul Heyman's Twitter and Paul
Heyman's Facebook account and I was like
oh shit I deleted the post and I had to
call him and tell him now I lied okay I
called him was like hey Paul uh
something was posted on your Twitter
account and I don't know how oh fuck
okay what happened what does it say poop
and I'll never forget his response he
was like I don't know how it happened I
don't know how somebody posted please he
knew he didn't believe it for a second
you guys it was like okay Michael you
can't start watching your Matthews how
did he know I was just like yes oh my
god I was busted my nephews posted poop
Oh ball ham and social media accounts
that's the story I wanted to tell
because I'm going to Orlando tomorrow
which by the way Bridget are you
ready for me to have a party in Orlando
now how that dancing book to you do I
look like a party in it yes you guys
that dancing sketch I wasn't supposed to
use the video version with audio but you
got to see how it went down man she was
taken she was hurting me with this check
this out right recording yes okay right
now when I keep me in that's right
now just cut off and yes all right ready
babe you guys think the hat and glasses
off
why because do you look like a baby I
like a baby baby damn it balls baby now
all right yeah now get okay whoa
impressive yet exhausting I love your
wiggle we go now what now where's that
me no I need more bro I love you're just
trying to reaction cause the dogs are
freaking out no okay I love your dancing
anyway that's the story right now we are
going over to Grandpa's house because
this time for us to let him play the
Nintendo switch we'll be back
babe are you going are you going
I'm not - not right now that was shitty
and I'm tried telling you maybe you
should just do it when you get back I
don't know
this sucks now what now what do I do
I don't know their name you don't know
what happened you can't film this
they're not going to know what we're
talking about guy is grandpa thought
Such is broken and it wasn't I don't
talk about it okay
he broke the switch destroyed it yeah
completely I thought I'm not uploading
this or that video yes you are
it was shitty it was really shitty yeah
I'm kind of really annoyed by it we got
to think of a really good friend you
know the ones where we would think
really hard on yeah we need to get one
of those Frank I agree we really need to
do that like really bad guys smack the
like button if you want to see any
Grampa destroy the Nintendo switch it's
gone now I don't have anything for the
trip to Orlando now what you said your
tablet do I ever seen that thing in like
six months
I know where it's at we need to charge
it but I wanted to switch oh that was
the reals no happy you got a four month
ago Wow I got something to offer the
plane ride over to Orlando now I've got
nothing except for whoever sitting next
to me I know
he shouldn't have done that I was so
dong this duck
