what's going on you guys Kibby on a
camera here VIN to us here right there
and today is Tuesday
today is Tuesday why'd you have to think
so hard I didn't know what day it was
Brij got drunk with me last night folks
I was wasted dude at one point she had a
lampshade on her head hey I wasn't that
she took tuna and rubbed it all over her
body and I bet none of that happened
okay none of that happened okay I had a
couple beers she had the rest of them I
was wasted guys it wasn't fun so how
long do this kind of epic girl
today is Tuesday and today I want to
start off at first apologizing that the
vlog is going up so late we had a lot of
important stuff to do today but now
we're back and we're vlogging and where
we going we don't already grandpa's
we're going over to Grandpa so I don't
want to waste any more time I want to
keep doing intros that you don't want to
see you don't care especially cuz she's
in it hey joking she gets offended guys
when I taught this camera shilling why
did you say that why do you hate me
Michael I love you oh I said that way
too lot guys
whiskey anyway that's the end of the
intro we're getting this Tuesday sup why
are you get back in it it's over
hey drop it you're over babe we got to
go to your dad does it look like a plane
to switch wrinkled I've got a busy plane
- come on we have to go oh hey daddio
five actually said that Nintendo made
the switch tastes like shit so kids
won't chew on it tastes like shit yeah
like just so kids wouldn't like to on it
all know what that means it means kids
too on stuff so they made the switch
tastes really bad so they wouldn't do it
you should try it try the switch yeah
like put your put your mouth on it
that's weird right that's what I saw it
he said something about like of this
part this yeah so lick it
yeah anything nothing the hell maybe
there may be people to Detroit - Joyce
things nothing really
maybe it's like the blue in Redwood
because they got two different ones
I don't tank what Frank come on are you
serious
you have you stuck it on this fancy
milli ating gotten out no so we come up
to me
no no Bridget I will add it to his blog
that just go up to me again no hey hey
guys um we're not really doing this
again oh I'm a bear well guys we're
ready to go to grandpa's house I'm
coming over
guys we're about to go to grandpa's
house but first I want to play a little
and we already did this and then we'll
you know babe why I chewed on the damn
squid okay you got me is thank you
you got me okay right now we're going to
Grandpa's house I guess I'm not gonna
have time to play the switch it is what
it is but I did have an idea do you guys
what grandpa to play the Nintendo switch
hell yeah I was thinking because he has
a Nintendo guy not that he's like huge
on Mario and Luigi or anything but he
does like the Nintendo and I think you
actually like the Nintendo switch but
good for his hands here and Aaron click
the like button if you guys want grandpa
to play the Nintendo switch hand let me
know in the comments and if you guys
want to see it
we'll do a Negra grandpa plays the
Nintendo switch for now I'm playing the
descender switch it wasn't really a
print folks they didn't taste nothing no
I
oh yes it was a prime yeah it was a
pretty oh let's taste it again
that's enough okay look you got I can't
go to Dad's here yeah
you guys I knew the Nintendo switch
didn't taste like it um are you going
out no yes I knew it didn't taste like
anything you're so concerned in it looks
like you're really trying to teach
that's what I agree i humiliated myself
I'm sorry I tasted minutes in dose right
hey Jordan look could we change of
something is your dad meaning is that my
dad yeah okay going over to grandpa's
and I knew that the attendance was
tasted like fine yeah sure okay I did it
no but please don't make fun of me in
the comments right all right you guys I
am here and I am with boom grandpa
hey young uns let me take them these
freaking young uns love seeing you with
the pool I like working on the pool I
don't run who will you won't I will tell
you I'll get you somebody over here oh I
ain't doing that shit what is all that
what that oh damn my shirt what happened
that game Cory I just put a fool so you
didn't know that yeah yeah is that what
you're talking about
it was everywhere you'll get all over
you bro it better not be I will that
come out no so you're sure it's ruined
sure someone play pants too I bet you
still wear the shirt that way I probably
wear when I'm working on the pool well
how you liking the pool getting rid of
swimming yet
getting ready cute I'm gonna put that
thing on there tomorrow what thing that
mat okay Debbie get into mother chicken
I sure I don't want to talk I just want
to film that discussed and you lifted
your damn leg
I had to fart oh oh oh oh oh yes it is
oh you guys it's following me dude it is
like a ghost oh I'm gonna cover the lens
that was so stank guys I'm covering the
lens because in the off chance that in
the future they invent smellivision and
you can smell this video I don't want to
do that to you okay and the future I
don't want you to smell this I'm sorry
all in this range water my friend
sitting out here I was gonna have a nice
introduction but sitting out here with
Dad and Charlie and Doug and we're all
chillin and we were watching the rain
love the rain but it stopped like right
when I started recording it's like
alright no more rain yeah do you want to
be filming I don't like it I don't know
you don't have a channel you wanna go
what is this oh I don't think they've
seen your hair on this channel you ever
haven't yeah there you go thanks to all
50,000 73,000 of you now you get 73,000
73,000 thank you thank you daddy Michael
and everything you want to do out there
I'm these Kim got 84 Charlie's gonna be
the right way Carolina Reaper challenge
coming soon
oh yeah like with Bill in the mail today
they did yes sir you and Lenny yeah I'm
gonna do it yeah yes you're gonna do it
I'm gonna do it so any week about I
caught that now I'm gonna do it I'm
gonna all right I gotta have no choice
I'll guess I'll do the challenge damn it
you know Charlie when he hits 100,000 is
gonna eat some Carolina Reapers and I
guess I am too y'all won't eat one mmm
and there'll be between the two of you
so what I wanted to say about Charlie's
hair you know what reminds me of what
Halloween crunch milk what you know like
when you get Halloween crunch and the
milk turns like it's attentively the
Easter Bunny's ass yeah so just go
around oh yeah that was my other shit
stuck in the farad right leprechaun
puked
so anyway Carolina Reaper challenge
coming soon yes can't believe you're
gonna do with me
yep okay my tis not ain't Marty right
Marty mine is Marty
well there's lots of Ito's out hey man
it went bad yeah it's insane
there's a buzz I'm throwing on my head
yeah I thought have a bumble bee better
watch out oh crap which what happened
where did you build that
yes oh my god it was like a palmetto
bugs another one no suppose bunny
clapping okay
what's wrong with but if you doing you
okay huh
still anybody's helping there is nothing
I don't think that's it
it either comes there you get a
flashlight check a deer it's much
broader oh my gosh you're right he's
really ridden he'll face I gotta see
this up close
somes on my head I don't see anything
yeah I do see it good I gotta give it to
Doug so you know dad they've done the
same prank to me hey uh no use my hand
man so therefore I don't it was good
excited are you daddy yelling laughing
yeah it was oh you guys got a game up
really grabbing a little walk and
flipped over
oh yeah all right I'm covering the lens
nice job Doug I want to get a thumbnail
would you know this we got to do it I
don't want to do this go grab your stick
we're gonna you guys dig I'm good I'll
show you a stick I always want to get a
thumbnail cuz I'm calling I don't wanna
do it
he's not going to touch you with it so
Doug hover it like that an ear get him
stop it
you all right done wet
all right don't hit him with her he's
gonna get pissed
all right ready already does just hover
it over him literally closer all right
stop it you're not gonna love you to
some a lawyer you know yeah Michael yeah
what excited me too dude oh my god oh
hey ha ha ha oh my god Farah Singh okay
I just I gotta get my wallet
looks like I gotta get my wallet
grab it right grab on what we're taking
my other car what we're taking the other
car then why'd you unlock this one I
need to get my wallet I'll get it
Michael come on kaho sweeten the pot yes
well I'm getting this car for I would
immediately get my solid okay
yes cuz we can't purchase pizza without
my wallet okay yeah that's why you're
taking out where I celebrated the pizza
no you know where you'll be getting in
yeah babe okay
whoa cover this lens ready Bridget how
yeah I'm ready
I promise bridging that we were going to
have pizza tonight and babe we sure are
let's go are you going oh where are you
going
um where
the dumpster why
what dumpster scraps oh you do you're
always going to buy you pizza yeah I
thought you were gonna buy me some pizza
yes we're getting donato from the dump
all right you guys time for us
superficial food review no you're not
what you're not doing that yes I'm doing
that oh are you guys Dave our pizzas
gonna fly out when we get home I'm
eating the pizza right here oh it's time
for a food review all right can I review
it first I get the first place are you
guys yeah okay I was just joking Bridget
but I'm gonna I'm sorry I'm a bleep joke
about the food right should we get home
okay I'm just over clear I'm my go-to
joke I was gonna really do it oh this
can't get cold you keep recording all
right all right I want to show you guys
the pizza so you already saw the cheese
which pull first one yeah guys this one
is extra pepperoni what this is not
extra pepperoni that looks really good
anyway no I saw one of the one with all
the all the pepperoni in the old world
pepperoni Russell just is who cares good
anyway you bastard you rat bastard well
that's going to be it for today you guys
thanks for watching the pizza was
actually really good I apologize for
flipping out over I'm sorry it is so
good anyway that's gonna be it Doug
you're praying grandpa that was awesome
that was pretty funny tell your daddy
thank you thanks dad thanks Doug
but anyway yeah that's gonna be it for
today you guys
a pretty good day smack the like button
if you want grandpa how to play the
Nintendo switch and we'll do it like
subscribe favorite fall on everything
good you guys and that's I love you guys
so much I don't you just burped in my
face Oh
