what's going on you guys get beyond a
camera here good do I see ya right there
today
I'm getting a surprise yes but you're
getting it later no I get a surprise
yeah later you said the nd yesterday's
vlog that I got a surprise yeah you'll
get it later
I almost ride you I waited all day I
started the cameras with me
what are you winking I mean II know I
want my surprise stop this I'm not doing
anything
Arizona turn the camera she wings is
Bridget ah God ah ah
every time I turn the cameras would wink
at me where's my freaking sobbing why
okay are we going to give my surprise or
not yeah yeah where's you promised me
answer that I added later Iago sword I
don't want to go to the store with my
surprise oh she's making fun of you guys
today it's Monday and today we go to the
store and then I'm getting a surprise
yeah hey guys so before me and Michael
leave I'm going to show you a surprise
it's a Nintendo switch except this is
just an empty box and it's so trash and
I'm gonna run it over sorry not sorry
okay cookies are you gonna guess I
didn't want to vlog that we're getting
cookies I'm just I'm really excited for
cookies guys yeah right now let me do an
intro for okay guys right now we are on
our way to the store we're getting
cookies I'm getting chocolate chip what
about you I'm going to get white
chocolate chip white chocolate chip
cookies right now guys were right back
what
what did you get if you can took back
what right there right there Oh what
about it's your surprise what oh my god
what the hell is it oh my god is this a
switch yes oh yeah what the hell is it
doing out here out of the fire
I thought you grabbed it no they say
what the hell does it change what prank
what do you mean it was just an empty
box or trash just why even have a switch
now nobody has on the player nobody has
them you know I wanted one I'm sorry
what do you fill me for anymore it was
just a prank
what how'd you even get a switch box
Amazon okay so what you go to Amazon and
you could just buy the box for it in two
different yes are we even going to the
store now I'll get your work take an
hour after you get cookies okay all
right all right I can do that you
deserve some cookies for that I'm sorry
not really that is so funny
what the hell what's all over my hand
let me smell I don't know what kind of
garbage did you put in this box you oh
my gosh oh and what even is this crap
stop everything's funny getting it
everything's funny huh yes I don't find
it very funny Michael I'm just kidding
don't be in a bad mood
did you give me a switch no it's empty
bahahaha god damn you dude it's sort of
no surprise at all this sucks
what is it face of evil Damle
babe I need to get a thumbnail what I
think I happen to post my own torment
okay sorry
look look real mad I am real mad scream
or something I'm I'm not like jump up
the hoops for you okay you got what you
got put Brooke a destroyed box you got
it okay yes I'm sorry I'll get you one
for your birthday June yeah I've been
asking for this you guys for weeks
can we just go again no I know first out
hey chill out I'm ready to go get it
isn't praying I'm reading o-genki
okay shit dude okay I get it trash
everywhere
well that's your fault it was your fault
have this cigarette you landed over okay
there better be a switch there's a
switch on a switch there is this you
know service way where to god there's
not a swing you know deserve one why
don't I deserve one I don't know cuz
you're praying to me when babe I just
didn't want to get you on I just wanted
to get you bought you got me to switch
no I didn't whine okay cookies okay can
we leave this fucking house
yes I'm ever intended to get you a
switch Jesus Michael I thought you would
have fun with this oh my god what quit
mocking me with this damn thing I'm
sorry babe I heard they suck anyways
you did not hear that you really want
this I wanted to play Zelda
I'm sorry give me this good I'm gonna
preach on that you realize now if you
got me a switch and something's wrong
with it there's no return in it I didn't
get you a sweat okay I've got an
attitude angle problem I'm sorry it's
all right I mean can we erase this
please
now people already make fun of it cos my
anger can we please erase it no I'm
definitely going to upload this no
you're not can we please stop yeah yeah
I am now please no please do a new intro
with a surreal surprise no make sure you
get those waters I didn't want to film
us taking the stuff out why because
people don't start calling me
mcjuggernuggets because he's like
drinking now and I God yeah
the dragon I was getting drunk I wanted
to kick a couple back because Bridgette
ruined my life ha ha ha ha thank you sir
yes it was cute it's adorable would he
drink beers all I'm only gonna have like
two or three the rest will sit in the
fridge I'm not a drinker it's so cute
oh god I think we could all use a little
getting some of the edge off why am i
tearing everything I have to film no you
don't have yes I don't already your
attitude it's just pretty good sorry I
came out wrong came out had the way you
meant it please get that water
I gotta get everything you want me to
carry the Platinum's under my fucking
hand or put it between my ass cheeks
I'll work across the yard so I think you
either die like off it you better put
the work camera like you would miss it
you got like 18 jugs of this in the
freaking bedroom I don't talk about my
water job why do you have 18 jug I don't
know I just do cover the fucking lenses
it's clear anyway cover shit in it
okay yeah this is his surprise I think
it's a pretty good disguise hey Pam
yeah we'll go
salad oh I got you a little something I
got you a surprise no more surprises
today okay
please I thought that I went out that
hurt my feelings
I'm sorry I was just trying to have some
fun
light up the moon why would you tired if
I can eat this
yeah giving up seems like three was
really three yeah what the hell is this
no no James
Bridget okay make one floors you've got
freaking trash wrapped up in jindo Swiss
watch Alison eight and more trash in
McDonald bed just open what the hell is
this what do you think that's which yeah
so sorry I'm sorry
happy yeah good
what is wrong I'm happy just shit lately
how it game to play it with oh no I'm
sorry
oh my god do you need it
this is just an asshole I prank you
hello a bit I'm not crying hmm I'm
humiliated
don't be it's so cute you're adorable
now you got me the bitch yep like this
is it gotta like yeah babe I figured you
could play this together when we wake up
really early and that's turnout that's
pretty cool Burgess Wow look at this i I
really embarrass myself no you didn't
yes I'm sorry I probably should have
prank you you know you can say it how
does work I don't know but I am so
curious I I've really been trying to get
my hands on one of these for a while
yeah this thing was actually hard to get
I don't know how you did it cuz I was
looking yeah I mean I'm really happy you
didn't get one it was hard
oh man shit backwards oh this is shit
Bridget I know look at it dude yeah it's
pretty neat guys look at this thing oh I
love it
look Bridget
holy crap isn't a sick yes camera's not
picking out what you're doing but oh
okay guys I'm glad you like it
Wow like so whatever you said what if I
just like agreed to have like be quickly
take my brain out and play kickball with
that particularly great guys the
hundreds toys
I'm trying denial on before I just
doesn't let me go through yeah it's like
you either accept and that's it yeah Wow
Thank You Bridget I got to get up and
hug you for this one
Oh
shame don't be ashamed I am it I was
destroying boxes out there and I'm here
thinking the worst of you wow that's uh
okay
I'm sorry it's cool cause come on I'm
sorry love you Oh oh shit guys she has
just been so bad lately with friends and
stupidity and it's good to have a little
bit of happiness so Thank You Bridget
any time then I wanted to show you guys
this thing in the light look at that
look at this beautiful beautiful bastard
I love this plant you do I'll plan it
like three we're gonna be plan to think
all night you guys I love it I can't
wait to start playing I'm going to play
breath of the wild and you guys know any
other Nintendo switch games tell me in
the comments section I need to know
something to play this is my night and I
assume is your night - hell yeah
tortoise looms well that's going to be
up for today guys thanks for watching
had a pretty good day thanks to Bridget
Adam pretty good day - immediately she
got me okay you pranked me it was a
really good price sorry
she made me think she ran over the
freaking Nintendo switch look I'll be
honest when I saw Elvis what the hell is
a Nintendo switch just sitting here for
in the first place how could you be so
stupid
that's what I thought I'm sorry and then
I didn't know if it was for me or if you
got it for somebody else but it was a
box anyway my head's all work I've been
playing you guys frickin love it then
attendance was amazed how horrible would
it be if I was serious Oh Michael yeah
II deserve a Nintendo split so how crazy
only if you're serious and you just
drove over it on accident Hey look I
would never be that stupid okay anyway
I'm gonna get out of here thanks for
watching you guys
Thank You Bridget humanity good love you
I didn't know I wanted to take a minute
to tell you guys thanks because for
these past couple of days you have all
had our back and it's been great
exonerating ourselves and showing you
that we're not liars and you guys have
had our
acts through it and we love you for it
thank you so much dad thanks you for it
I thank you for it Bridget thank you for
it oh yeah you guys with a shit you guys
are absolutely incredible give
yourselves alight I'm gonna like said
I'm giving you guys a lot
anyway that's gonna be it like subscribe
and favorite everything good device I
love you guys so much
