what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here so do I see ya right there
and today it's Sunday and today is our
second upload you guys wanted to double
upload you got it oh yeah - number two
guys we're going over to Grandpa's house
today for a little bit of Sunday dinner
now I'm not going to eat it because I'm
trying to lose some weight so I'm not
going to eat whatever he delicious meal
he's preparing it's healthy egg that I
want I'm eating it
no I'm not going to eat it I've got a
big bite today we're having roasted pork
with an orange sauce that's what I'm
having that's gonna be later but for
right now we're going over to grandpa's
house at the end of the intro I think so
that's usually how an end
I think only got talked out I like talks
so much earlier right oh my good kazumi
the silent blog books I'm done talking
guys I took a shower today I felt great
I took a shower too and I feel great oh
we took one together and we saw it
why would I give that everything her
head dude but you porpoise of swimming
around
look anyway guys today is Sunday today
we're going over to grandpa house get oh
my god that smells good please go he is
just handling this with care today take
a long time you want me to do it no I
bet I look like cooler like two minutes
left
Peter look it up a thumbnail of grandpa
cooking the chicken
hey Dad peek my way thumbnail chicken
looks good then yeah happy Sunday no was
this yeah you feel all right
oh yeah you sure fun pauses
don't worry about all that stuff hey
will that so man the collision it's
amazing it smells good I can smell how
it's really just juicy how do you know
you ain't had one I get how it's juicy
yeah a two time so you know really I
don't know that answers anything he just
he just studies coming up okay I they
just like put his like for cooking tips
how you knew I had the chicken you have
them yeah how about the macaroni
I'm not gonna have any of that I will
have some chicken though I rise from
chickens or just oh god he was kicking
it right oh dude you can't have done
that I did he knew what he you knows
what he's doing folks
Yoma fuck my shit up today okay pretty
just takes again I'd like to blogging I
was in a show my face and were a little
bit o more barbecue sauce
all right WB two dollars I like the girl
no all I care
stupidity no just oh I thought I was God
I was on the bar burst off the bridges
so it's been about a week since we've
given you guys an update on Grandpa's
cancer like I said dad didn't want to
keep talking about it and I guess feel
like he's being treated any differently
so that's what we're doing so the first
update is he went last week to get the
stitches removed and they cut more out
of his arm you know did look it was
better than it did the other day oh man
it's all wrong we didn't show the other
day you guys lose the rough but what I
want to do is see your scar I want to
see how that's looking oh let me get out
up it's healing up good
yeah this come on xplory hold on there
we go yeah does it hurt to touch anymore
uh-huh yeah no no need to hurt all the
time yeah I know you used to jump Wow
so there you go you guys wanted an
update there it is by the way oh well
your hurry though and along by the way
how's your chicken I mean to them yeah
you've eaten a lot of crazy stuff oh
that doesn't necessarily mean it's good
good very good
Oh anyway going home and just a second
you guys but I was chilling with Grandpa
we ate some chicken first I got a check
on that puppy while we have a puppy
oh my goodness I've got a hold of here
long taking Gamble's trace all right I'm
gonna take that oh look at you you're
just so adorable you can see everything
huh look every thought of a Navy at that
yep
what is it boss aunt modest is he being
guilty
well his offerings and modest but it's
it telling why you came up with them and
then there was mine no I thought what we
got well I gotta hear this funny movie
oh my gosh you said isn't your family to
kill a mockingbird
so Montebourg because we have Atticus
Mountain Zoo is Alyssa's aunt Maude guys
I can't believe it I'm sorry
look at you you chubby little thing I
got a show its face that you guys mmm
her him on Oh it hates me how am I not
you oh hey Emma cannot believe you named
it aunt Maude let me see this a lot I
got to get this shot hey let me show you
rig a food I don't know six weeks I
think is well actually before six weeks
you can start like getting wet puppy
food and watering it down I would need a
book when you asked on giving you an
answer how old is it she is 25 days old
oh wow you don't got much long as you
being soft food yeah baby
did you hear what they called what the
dog's name is I picked it out
what is it an team ant mati you did
nothing I did a mockingbird your mommy
I'll look it up what is wrong with you
beat aunt my aunt aunt body and scout
boo Atika gallon booze also from killing
much Maria
you guys sure head up well it was either
that or Co period of high five I guess
the next ones Calpurnia out of a hello
aunt Maude Maudie
that is crazy how does mommy was here to
be aunt mommy you got an aunt in front
of it well it will never seen your mommy
yeah that's until number two no that's
what I was reminiscing me oh thank you
Oh hearts are melting and body come on
baby
she's fine she hate that name I'm sorry
ramadi but I feel everyone's going to
call it aunt Maude officially it's ant
mati aunt Maude thought you told me like
it's like the inky disk on your tamales
mom humming yeah uh-huh yeah don't keep
that in there what that was embarrassing
fuck yeah keeping it all kind of
embarrassing anomaly you got a pipe gon
see a dog should I do
no she doesn't get me all saggital
insecure yeah it's crazy
mmm holy crap I love it so much smoke
come on look at you guys dad's coffee
pot frickin explode look at this
we're just sitting here talking also who
is that smoking still what the hell
happened I think it was water that
engine oh my golly probably the wire I'm
hoping I can cut it's not like filming
it correct come on
you guys look at this wire oh my
goodness
well new coffee pot for dads oh my god
they were wanting ya guys Becca let's
hit the freaking house on fire
thank God we saw it we did we're in here
yeah and we all know it yes
take a whiff what you don't smell ya
smell your fucking cotton potables blew
up just look at it we're just sitting
here in a big puff of smoke comes out
and it's burned up your wire down there
Lauren save the day
thanks Warren fuck yeah dude good what
you're going come on whoa whoa no way
so anyway we're leaving grandpa says we
were about to leave and then that
happens that is insane yeah who wants to
cover the land not you Lauren we're back
home and before I continue with the vlog
I wanted to tell Bridget because while
you were gone
you think you guys when I was at
Grandma's house and he told us the name
of the puppy
why yes my team is amazed right Bridget
was at the house came back to the house
to watch after it for obvious reasons
what's the name all I'm gonna get to it
good name you ready for this the puppy's
name why why - you guys have you heard
it already the puppy's name is aunt
Maude what point ah the puppy's real
maze and always aunt Maude no it isn't
yes it is the name okay no one ever I
swear to God the puppy's name is aunt
Maude what the hell lot of character and
so book or something that to all the dog
Atticus Annabel Scout boo they're all
named after the same book so can we like
to name it ourselves and call it that
name we see like princess or like r2 or
cotton or equal eight
you know aunt Maude never gonna hey aunt
Maude I really call it a glue you can't
call it a glue because his name is aunt
Maude I'm calling it a glue Brigitte the
name is aunt Maude all right guys you
couldn't tell I'll try to do Roger for
American Dad
well the name hat Maude I can't do it
anyway
the name is aunt Maude out are you guys
I have not told the dogs
what grandpa named the puppy yet here we
go we're gonna see what they think
hey Mia Bella and Clyde and lazy baby
what are you doing pretty lazy oh all
right you guys I got to talk to all of
you family meeting
family meeting guys guys family meeting
Bella no she don't give a shit all right
I'll just tell you all right car I guess
what you know the puppy that was a
grandpa greenhouse good what oh shit
Bella back to hey Bella
you know that puppy that was at
grandpa's house guess what he named it
just guys fella aunt Maude okay she just
cares more about the stage why do you
care no Bree they don't care I think God
wants me to oh wait what is on the
ground grass gosh the sticker things in
the grass the faculty sing oh my gosh
make-a-wish dude
Wow Jesus Oh
ah feelings sorry Bella's you can just
go to the stick yourself did it get in
there feet too he hopes night so I'm
gonna take care of this grass for you
girl yeah you guys the puppy's name is
aunt Maude and there's no changing their
mind it says that's the name though it's
his puppy okay what about like no or we
count we can't name the puppy if I ever
got another white Bulldog I'm naming it
cloud and then I'm naming it Gandalf no
cloud and all cloud Gandalf
cloud
ndele crowd my Victorian that was so
relevant so I'm just chilling outside
right now you guys predict that the
weather is just extraordinary right now
seriously it's fantastic so I wanted to
take a quick minute to talk to you guys
I wanted to know do you want more double
up loads now it is very hard right very
hard like when you're filming your day
and you got to get to up it very hard
but I feel like sometimes I do owe you
one because there sometimes we all have
another day of stuff and I'm like I'm
just done for the day but if you guys
want double uploads
now I'm not saying every day I'm not
saying every week every two weeks I'm
not even saying once a month I'm trying
I will try a couple times a month I want
you guys to have double uploads if I can
do it
if I find myself in the opportunity to
do double uploads let me know if you
want to see it let me know in the
comment section click like if you want
to see it I don't want to bore you guys
and get you tired of us but if you want
double upload smack the like button I
think double upload some fun it does but
it also actually does like I find myself
like sleeping a lot earlier if I do
double up husband often if you guys want
to see it let me know and we will do it
it's too windy out here to talk all
right you guys Bridget gave me a really
big surprise when she came home today
while we were at Grandpa's house she
cleaned the kitchen folks here we go
what hell is happening in here hey what
I thought she cleaned why did he think
that when I told you I didn't clean she
told me she didn't clean boats you know
what she did she's staying here and
watch freaking TV yeah I watched my mom
at house meet Ben and Jerry's while I
was going to say the Ben and Jerry's
park I wanted for my security girl is it
I'm dying for some bit of Jerry coke
yeah what are you doing that right now
just do it right now
guys looks good no you owe it to me
right now you owe to YouTube
hang on hey guys it's art again you know
right now I don't know what the hell's
that
well that's gonna be it for today you
guys thanks for watching for me it was a
pretty good day yeah I mean for the most
part today was definitely pretty good
why just for the most part for you I've
been up for like 14 hours Brigitte god
I've been like 3:30 4 o'clock 6 friggin
morning you guys poor things
you're gonna stay asleep tonight's
alright yeah nobody's sleeping in so
like 10 just wish us luck folks
okay please so anyway I'm gonna get out
of here thanks for watching that was a
puppy's name aunt Maude body anyway
thanks for watching you guys good day
can't wait firm tomorrow I don't know
anyway like subscribe favorite I want
everything for Josh that's it a
lightweight I love you guys so much my
message wait I was afraid for you what I
have a surprise for you
that means suppose I have a surprise for
you okay what I almost forgot about it
what is it
you get tomorrow
