what's going on you guys kiss me on a
camera here which I hear right there and
today I once again wanted to do a
different kind of video and hopefully
shut the book on this tee situation once
and for all I told you guys that began
to guest or his blog that I was going to
talk about it one more time there might
be two more times because I'm still
planning on going on drama but this is
one of those last two times because I
can't keep defending myself from
baseless claims that she puts out I
showed you guys that we gave her money
when she said we didn't I showed you
guys that we were friends I think she
said that we weren't I showed you guys
that she had been into egging our houses
even though she said that she did a girl
houses even though she said that she did
egg our houses you know it's giving to a
point where it's just gotten ridiculous
I can't keep having to defend myself
she texted Bridget the night after that
video came out and she was like you went
too far going after my father I said he
was amazing I said he was a great man
I'm not attacking your father I love
your father he's been nothing but cool
to me - Bridget's and dad anybody I've
ever seen him interacts with he's a cool
guy there's no issues with him
nobody is nobody's attacking him I saw
some people saying that in the video I
was looking away and blinking too much
which means that I was lying you played
too much la new are deficient another
he's lying he totally lyin my god I'm
just trying to let you guys know my side
of the story I don't have to like I
showed you screenshots that showed that
we were cool to where I showed you
everything and she's still denying it so
I'm hoping that this is the last time
but I have to say anything about her
because by the time I end this in toward
you're going to see why I don't want to
do any more so the first thing that she
tried to say are that the screenshot
were photoshop well right here we thank
you for the heat today because I'm
freezing my ass off I was calling to let
you know something so here she is
acknowledging
once again that we helped her out even
though she says that we didn't on
Christmas Day she says thanks for
stopping by I appreciate that makes me
feel like we're family or stop by to say
Merry Christmas that means a lot to my
family Thanks
I thank you very much for being there
for us and being there for you going to
be a great Christmas because of y'all
and then down here she says once again
my debt once again just want to say
thanks to my dad thanks for my dad so if
we were such horrible people how do we
give her such a great Christmas now one
thing that you're probably noticing is
the fact that her text messages get sent
out of order sometimes I think it's
because she is on an Android and all the
messages that she sends to us
she sends in one long message and it
gets sent to us pieced together like
really oddly like sometimes it's hard
like I can't even make sense of it
sometimes to be honest with you just
wanted to say thanks for that money that
was too much but I thank you I never
asked for five thousand are you guys
crazy Wow Wow
Alber hat it look screenshots are hard
to read you guys you're going to see Wow
Albert has Christmas now thanks to you
I've always had your back and I always
will no problem at all hope it helps out
with things I got more gifts for you
guys if I can stop by and by the way I
told one of those fake channels that ADP
was getting married she's going to look
so stupid now I told you guys that one
of the things that we were doing was
having tina feed misinformation to these
other channels and we were laughing
about it like the story about the peanut
cart or brigitte being pregnant and she
tried to deny that by saying that we
were just feeding it to her and she
thought that it was true well this is
about to shoot that in the foot number
one if you watch the video where we give
her Christmas presents she keeps making
jokes about the peanut car hey you
bought a lot of peanuts with that
oh yeah peanut cart
you're fina cardboard right thing oh
that's good to me
people gotta be today
what alone going back to the store as
soon as I run out of money with the
peanut cart I told her you're going to
name your new baby porky
laughed my ass off video what holy shit
I love how I get her to do what I want
now I definitely earned the peanut car I
want at Christmas morning last my
fucking ass off last and my fucking ass
off I'm fixing to watch left my fucking
ass off everybody is fucking laughing
their asses off because she said you
heard it here first
laugh my ass off just watching yeah
Bridget said you can say you just left
our house for Christmas and we told you
a bunch of shit left mass off going to
do it right now left mass up all right
I'm talking to her right now so you'll
probably see it on Twitter here in a few
whether any of us want to believe it or
not we're going to have what we're going
to watch each other's back at the end of
the day I'm going to on Twitter right
now left mass off nice cool
Albert loves the shoes he's cleaning the
bottoms of them I'm glad he likes them I
appreciate it it's like seriously I
thought you hated us and we treated you
like shit Bridget go watch our new video
it's about you getting married to
Michael last mashup I just watched it ha
ha ha ha good job Tina I told you this F
thing straight up I won't say that word
she wants me in her life so bad that she
would say anything I tell her what the
fuck we're seeing your food again I'm
just going to keep feeding her shit I
don't know what that means
we got Albert shoes today they're cool
hopefully he likes him thank you I'm
giving myself an Academy Award for
Christmas the best bullshitter
and that was December 13th
once again this is about feeding those
channels miss information I just told
her that Mike was going to propose to
you on Christmas and he's going to make
you sign a prenup but that he's supposed
to be partners and he's going I don't
know what she's saying but apparently I
was gonna make Brigid sign a prenuptial
agreement which I would never do that
Bridget okay seriously let me have a
bridge from the tell that we're doing
the bank's video here at our house and
Grandpa's going to destroy a Christmas
that's another thing that she said
number one that Bridget was with me for
the money now guys you've been with me
as long as Bridget has we did not have
any money when I met Bridget okay this
girl was sleeping with me on a twin
sized mattress with Springs popping out
of it cutting us and we had no money we
would go on one date a month because we
couldn't afford you're going to cry it's
don't worry about hey I know that you're
not with me for the money because I
didn't have anything when I met you I
had nothing you guys and she was with
this is what happened this is what this
is what this bitch is doing I had
nothing when I met Bridget we didn't
even make money on any of these videos
until like 2012 so we did it for free so
when people say we do it for the money
we didn't make anything for like four
years when they say that she's with me
for the money I didn't have shit when I
met her I would never make her sign a
prenuptial agreement because she's the
most important person in my life and
we've met I would never make her do that
fuss now I'm not going to cry for this
stinkbait bitch rather than just go
through every text message that we have
I'm just going to jump down the June to
show you guys that this didn't just
start recently we're going to go all the
way to the beginning of last year we're
going to June where she was thanking us
for giving her money and asking when she
can meet up to get it thank you guys for
helping me again if you need anything we
if you need anything whether isn't legal
or not I have your back so you will do
something you needle for us I got to
prove for that apartment it seems like
give him the money I was going to ask
you do you think you guys could put my
lawn mower and stuff in your garage
because grandpa said he doesn't have
enough room and I don't want my father
to profit off my stuff because I'm
cutting all ties with the family so I'm
just wondering what do you think yeah
that's fine thanks Bridget hey would you
ask Mike would it be a good time to meet
me so I can give him the money at the
crime at the courthouse Matt I will pay
you back one way or the other I told him
the AGP show was giving me the money so
I just showed you guys that the text
message is that she tried to save me
photo shops were a hundred percent
authentic I showed my screen I swiped
Katie can you do
same thing I'd like for you to do the
same thing that I just did because I
don't think you can because they're
going to see that the text messages on
my phone are the same text messages on
your phone I showed you guys that she
was playing these other people that
think are her friends right now that she
still talked about hey guys the same
thing that she's doing to us talking
about behind our backs she was doing the
same thing to you the only difference is
when I found out I was done with her you
won't do the same I showed you guys she
egged my house even though she later
said she didn't act my house even though
she's already admitted to egging my
house even though she's saying that she
did it well the question is did my house
get in well let's go find out so this
right here was when we got egged the
second time that's right here we didn't
notice until yesterday so it's going to
take a lot to clean this shit now and
there's more right here I guess that's
what rotten eggs looks like oh my god
there are still shells on our porch that
we haven't gotten up yet because they
were thrown at our door right here and
it looks like one right there
there are eggshells on our roof right
now that we can't even get off because
nobody knows how to fricking do it we
got to hire somebody to come clean the
shit off of our roof my house got egged
she admitted to assaulting angry Grampa
by cracking his knee okay okay yeah
video thank you go for a minute homie
other she could she couldn't just
thought she couldn't do it one time like
zoom in you gotta go down and there's a
lot to say about that maybe a theory on
why she did it maybe she was trying to
keep her customer and try trying to yeah
I want to say that okay let's just say
that let's just say that dad were gonna
Phil's in October so I'm not gonna go
there I showed you guys she assaulted
him I showed you guys she egged our
house I showed you guys that we were
friends I showed you guys that we've
always taken care of her and treated her
like family and up until recently she
felt like she was so you guys I've shown
you everything
that I can show you to proclaim our
innocence so you can see that the text
messages were real that she felt like
family that was treated or like if that
we gave her money when she needed it
I've shown you guys everything that I
can so here's what I need from you I
need you guys to stop sending me her
videos when she posts them I need you to
stop tweeting me asking me to respond to
more stuff that she's saying because I
shouldn't have to respond to baseless
claims that she has without any shred of
proof at all
after everything that I've just shown
you I shouldn't have to do that anymore
I shouldn't have to respond to stuff
that she does have crew for because I'm
telling you guys right now
she has text messages where dad was
asking her for pills she probably has
text messages where she says she's going
away and the meter in her fucking
parking lot to give it to him she has a
picture of his penis on her phone
because she got it from the
ex-girlfriend and she's joking about it
too it's earlier I got this picture from
the ex-girlfriend you can see his crusty
toes in it so now I got to prepare my
father a 66 year old man for the day
that she leaks out a picture of his
penis just like the picture of my
brother's penis ugly I got to prepare my
dad for that day so you guys I want to
shut the door on this right now because
it's going from a YouTube thing to a
real-life thing because it's starting to
get scary I showed you guys the audio
clips where she admitted to egging her
house where she said she'll kill us dead
she's going to blow our house up she's
going to terrorize us and I'm telling
you guys that's what she's doing right
now
she is terrorizing us last week I hired
security now you guys just found out
about it yesterday but the day our house
got egged for the second time and she
admitted to doing it I decided to hire
private armed security because we were
afraid to go to sleep at night the first
night that security was here they told
us that a car came barreling down the
road holding and pulled into our
driveway and they left and it matched
her description the other night our
security told us hey so you know and he
knows who
look for we gave him her car information
and what she looks like
and he told us straight up hey the other
night of a four o'clock in the morning a
car pulled into your driveway we turned
on the lights and it was t and it was
her and she left you know the security
safe till about 6:30 in the morning
every morning and last night he had to
leave around 4:00 so Bridget because
she's so scared woke up at 4 o'clock in
the morning when he left so she could
watch our house and sure enough a car
pulling up into our driveway at 5
o'clock in the morning and what Bridget
turned on the porch light the car back
up and sped out now this is a private
road you guys so people don't have any
reason to turn down it because you can't
go straight not to turn around so when
somebody saying that they'll blow up
your house that they're going to
terrorize you they've egged your house
twice that they're going to poison your
animals when I'm in Orlando that becomes
that becomes a cause for concern and I
don't want to feed into that anymore I
don't want to keep talking about it so
she comes to our house one night and
throws a brick through the window or
jimmies the door open and comes into our
room while we're asleep it's getting too
far we've had to hire the security for
24 hours when I'm in Orlando we were hot
we're bringing cameras to our house
tomorrow guys this is different now it's
not a YouTube thing this is a real life
thing and our lives are in danger we
have to get a no trespassing order or
what are we going to do bridges I don't
know we file a police report so for
those of you that stayed with us after
this and stayed subscribed and have our
backs and showed your support thank you
so much you guys mean everything to what
we do this for you guys for those of you
who are able to see that her story
changes every time she says it and you
would point it out to us and you would
know that in one video she says we gave
her nothing and then in the same video
we gave her some or how in one
do well you know we always had to film
when we gave her money but in the other
one that we would meet in parking lots
and not film it you can see that these
don't go together and they don't make
the sense how she got kicked out of her
house and she's living in a tent and
then an hour later she's live streaming
from GTA that is a super long extension
cord
it's wisely out of control you guys it's
getting scary when you're showing up at
our house asking threaten their lives so
I want to stop talking about our here
you guys thank you so much for all the
support at this point I'm done with it
thank you so much we love you
entity leave us the fuck alone please
just go the fuck away
