we'll go together party yeah we're fine
you sleep okay that ain't right no yeah
the tickets are over there don't dad -
dandy cabinet Bridget I should go yo
okay
I don't want to go even joke he's gonna
rip oh my god I'm kidding I'm kidding
they're not over there
no no gonna happen oh very like a pocket
why would you feel crazy if enough
you're gonna god I gotta
what do you want old take us n why I get
two tickets - you don't care what you
would not do that I would not bring
great grandpa oh he's being serious I to
go I wanted to do I'm not I'm not
falling I would have given to you let's
see because if you have the balls to
rectify don't do it you will do it
please don't
the evil Ravana Barisan - how much all
this was please leave me alone
no longer I will hire security are you
security yes they have done but the
watching your house - I think you that I
should go security that your house is on
I gotta go
what does that mean none just I got a
code can I wait please do me a favor
make a promise right now what che
Clemente
you're not going to prank though I take
it three look at the mingle I don't
watch it I don't like it
he is a pain thing you Iook scared me to
death
because I was do this next week and then
I'm not going I don't like it
please agree I really did cancel your
plane tickets no you didn't I am
beautiful all right
no chick is what we just have you thank
you guys again for gentlemen you're not
a gentleman
no I'm boxing it I don't like it come to
get out now can I please get out now
can I please get out you guys are
hearted what about here you go to myself
no no Michael go back please
I was just watching YouTube videos just
leave me alone now
okay yeah he's tearing my frickin ticket
so you guys ready Rocco's right they're
not in that yeah I can't see I'm sorry
just a pretty good I know it seriously
they got a whole lot what what are they
talking about the planning some the
other I I kind of think they are usually
usually a whole box of what what are you
planning
I can hear you in here I got family you
guys are planning something right now we
can kind of those conversations we
talked about you Yeah right
McQueen live or mad
Shido the rapping Will Smith they're up
to no good
I like it shut the door they can't hear
us
some creepy it's dark in here
here's office yeah copy what the hell
dude I don't babe it was supposed to be
a prank I don't know what happened hey
hey now he just really doesn't actually
want you to go
no he probably got before the tickets
what if he did do that would be so
shitty
oh my god no it reveals just would be a
prank
I am happy that you're going you deserve
it
I would go too but I thought I just
wrote my ticket
I know oh my god I'm so sorry babe
positive time for me to give you a bad
ticket ha ha that's Iraq mess around you
could have ripped them just by touching
okay
leave all that hi Ben and me hello
okay yeah you're Stan yes
that's a lot of money I know I'm kidding
damn till you guys are Java he'll go I
don't know if it's happening right now
he'll out go back to back like it up
know it at dads in here and you guys are
having food without me is there anything
for me yes please yes because I was
trying to lose a little bit of weight
you guys want to eat before woke up
someone else oh I love getting done okay
a box boiling what's going on what are
they planning I need help
what's going on you guys keep you out of
camera here they do eyes here right
there and today I paint my Gogh me and
Grandpa pranked Michael
they got me you guys Bridget and Grandpa
just prank hey if you didn't see the
blog or the video I'm not really that
sorry it was fun big planks being are
thinking that they ripped my
Wrestlemania to you guys
are you serious
thing I'm going to Orlando next week for
Wrestlemania and they made me think they
read the ticket so I couldn't go oh my
god I'm sorry I'm really not sorry oh
you're not if you haven't seen that
video pause this go check it out they
prank me sickness I embarrassed myself
thoroughly yeah I totally knew it would
work because it's totally something your
dad with you yes it is yeah I thought my
pictures were ripped yeah you got so
anyway today is Saturday and today I
want to make chicken alfredo we're
making chicken alfredo but before we do
that I wanted to take a second to tell
you guys bangs because I didn't know
what to expect when I was uploading
yesterday's video ah everybody knows
what's going on it a lot of you guys are
asked we're asking me about it the
situation with T and you guys showed
overwhelming support and that is just
amazing
I know Bridget appreciates it it means
the absolute world to us I know dad
appreciates it it's just you guys showed
us so much love and support and it was
amazing and there was a lot of stuff
that you had to digest there that you
know straight up I told you guys that
there was a point in Dad's life where he
was a you know addicted to pills and
that's something I did not want to have
to talk about it but we have mentioned
it previously but not to that extent and
I didn't want to tell anybody and I was
afraid everybody would bail out on us if
they found out he had a problem like
that and you guys did it and it means so
much to my family and to Bridget you
guys are an extension of us and I know
it sounds like I'm pandering and I don't
want I don't want it to be that way but
I'm overwhelmed with all the support and
everything and the likes in the comments
you guys are the best fuck I don't know
what I wanted to say fuck the haters you
guys stand up for yourself always stand
up for your stuff because you don't
deserve to be pushed around
hell yeah absolutely
you don't deserve for someone to say
anything and get away with it so yep
that's all I'm going to say on it you
guys I'm going to do interview with
dramaalert and then maybe a little bit
tomorrow but after that I'm shut in the
book I don't care about future stuff
she's saying I don't I shouldn't have to
defend myself every time she has
something new to say about us so that's
going to be about the end of it
good luck you know she's saying all she
wants to do is be left oh that's all the
fuck we want just leave us the fuck
alone okay thank you for you guys that
were there for us I love you so much
let's get this day started hell yeah
right now all right you guys is dinner
time and take a big guess on who's
cooking for us bring it and you actually
already messing about how you're
supposed to cook the freakin onions and
the peppers and stuff before a meet yeah
oh oh oh you know either way - what we
got with a whole plate we just me are
you guys what I'm not that's not dinner
would he do that for
I was just quick thinking over the wood
are you guys cooking Wilbert steak one
okay guys so today I am cooking dinner
hopefully I don't mess it up we are
making chicken alfredo and right now I
am just searing the peppers the onions
and some garlic in olive oil for the
chicken alfredo
yeah so I'm going to take my chicken put
it in
and masa
that's a good-looking chicken all for
you right okay so the next thing you add
is crunch berries whoa what don't make a
joke
what like crunch berries leave ice
cookin were you really gonna happen good
no oh my god watch very seriously
it ain't funny what isn't it so I've
been Bridget this whole time you guys
I've had to put water and pie yeah
there's a jar sauce he goes you add that
yeah enjoy this can I add a saw Oh yup
all right now I'm going to take heavy
whipping cream yeah
simply good you feel like we got a
cooking forever we really have - all
right we had a person that's been
cooking for us and now this this is not
good for me though by the way you guys
to do you do you guys I hope it's good
noodles how could you screw it up wait
I'm thinking she cuz I hope it's good
and I said how could you screw it oh I
thought you were saying I scared about
oh I'm gonna put my child she is really
interesting I love it on the water you
know
okay
cause for me to try it out let me get to
park let's something to eat it with I'm
sorry Dan
here you go are you guys Bridge of
cooking god I was gonna pretend like it
sucks like it was getting me sick what
is it is it really good no I don't be
alright shut up
it's good guys good good
maybe I can sort of cook hey now go try
this
that's good guys I have to talk about
bridges food for a second I'm sorry I'm
gonna do it to your face
this is we gotta be set out loud okay Oh
guys Bridget spaghetti was so good it
was better than my spaghetti no there's
a cream element ik come to nice job you
killed it
for a guy seriously the spaghetti gotta
give it to you so good so much damn you
don't cook more maybe I think you should
start trying to cook more weight club
you to clean what yeah cuz usually I
clean after dinner oh hell no I'm weak
my god you filming yes
guys Bridget has done it again why am i
good as this spaghetti was she had to
mess something up you ready for this yes
I hope you guys know but me and Bridget
have been actively that sounds bad
doesn't I don't we want to have a kid I
do do you not yes of course I do
so so guys we have been very shy Friday
it does sorry did you stop let me do one
more that if you go we wanted to know if
I was sterile roof on it yeah and I am
laughing oh so that's why I'm laughing
not because thanks to camera guys we
wanted to find out if I we wanted to do
a test to see if I was sterile if I can
have kids and so Bridget bought me this
Hey anybody notice anything oh this is
the whole perspective eat a check okay I
didn't order that they well you order
been literally sent over on one this
right here is to make sure that your
vasectomy took is test that you get
after you have a vasectomy and they want
to count do your sperm count gave me the
bronze one no I don't know if it has the
same effect but first of all how crazy
is it I have to why now I guys look all
the stuff at this thing comes with what
does that go to you I don't wanna is
that is that like a look I don't want to
do this I want to like go to a doctor
just do what I think it says I don't
know I don't know I'm done with it I'll
go to a frickin doctor yes yeah no your
home test this is it
Bridget I didn't need this okay can we
do going to be out for now yeah well
that's going to be a pro today a guy
thanks for watching I had a pretty good
day
it's time three to get back your
spaghetti like I told you guys it was
frickin delicious damn it Haley this is
the second time why are you acting
surprised I've already said it to you
like four times you just want to keep
taking the compliment really say it
again for real hey hold on we say to get
four that spaghetti was freaking
delicious
why really she just feeds off of
compliment thank you babe I got to tell
you coming about the spaghetti what it
was freakin delicious anyway I'm going
to get out of here thanks for watching
you guys once again thank you guys for
all the love and support and the likes
and for those that stayed you guys are
fucking awesome wise are absolutely
amazing we love you so much we you know
honestly I can't put into words how much
we appreciate you I can you're amazing
this would be I put into words no I get
it
but we good for those of you that last
I'm sorry if you go I hope you come back
one day
but anyway that's gonna be it like
subscribe favorite following everything
for to us I know you bigger yeah
just forget he was freaking good oh my
god I think yeah keep it'll cook you
guys in a sense with family he's busted
you guys are the best family on YouTube
we're talking about spaghetti now and
I'm so good right now
it was great spaghetti done using want
me now I'm assuming it goodbye
love you guys Methodist
