what's going on you guys kids behind the
camera here and today I wanted to make a
very different kind of video for you
guys something that I really did not
want to have to make I was hoping that
we could work this out like adult but
apparently we cannot do that and iOS you
guys to explain what happened and my
side of the situation what's going on so
a lot of people have been sending me
videos on Twitter and asking me what's
going on with tea I don't want to say
her name I don't want to say your names
you guys know what I'm talking about
it's grandpa's former neighbor she is
going on podcasts and videos and just
totally smashing us and making up stuff
that is not true you guys I would hope
that a lot of you guys that are our real
fans would know some of the stuff that
she's saying is just totally fabricated
and I can't believe I have to make a
video like just finding it to begin with
some of that stuff is just completely
ridiculous but I do I have to because
you guys are asking so that's what this
is going to be today I wanted to tell
you guys what's going on with tea and I
don't know where to begin
because I'll be honest with you guys
straight up I don't know what's wrong I
don't know what happened up until a week
ago all of us were still friends
everybody was talking I was planning on
having her and more videos she was gonna
I don't know what happened it's a very
weird situation to find yourself in so
one day we're talking the next day a
podcast leaks out now what happened is
she was secretly recorded talking about
us which means that she was talking
behind our back and I know why that
happened I would tell you guys about
that a little bit but she was talking
about us and saying some of the most
outlandish stuff that you could imagine
that my brother raped his own daughter
and that's why he can't see her which is
totally total bullshit okay that he is a
pedophile that she was going to print up
flyers and hand them out at Walmart with
his picture on it saying that he's a pet
so one of the things that she said the
most on these podcasts were the fact
that we would rip her off and treat her
like a dog and not pay her to be in any
of the videos which if that were true
tea why would you even be in them in the
first place okay that is several years
of what you're calling straight-up
disrespect treat me like a dog so after
several years why would you even agree
to come to our house in the first place
and be in the videos and do anything
with us if we weren't giving you
anything for it and treating you bad for
because it's not true
every Christmas we bought a present for
and gave her money in January we gave
her the money for a new heater or I'm
not sure what it was it was either a
heater or water heater but she needed
two grand like that and we gave it to
her
last year she said she was getting
thrown out of her trailer and she needed
money we took out three grand like that
that afternoon and we gave it to her
there's been more instances than I can
even remember where we compensated Tina
and just gave it to her because she's
our friend that's what you do to friends
if they need help you give them help any
of my friends no you can ask any of them
you know if there's somebody that needs
I'll give it to them there's a lot of
instances you guys and I don't talk
about it because that's not what you do
when you're trying to help people out
you don't brag about it you don't talk
about
oh yeah look what I did for my friend oh
look what I did for you know this
GoFundMe you don't do that kind of thing
because then you're doing it for
attention but anytime she needed money I
was there for anytime she asked I gave
it to her she would ask to be in video
so she could make money and I would
agree and I would think of something for
her and for us to do all that for her
and for her to flip it and say oh they
gave us nuts they gave me nothing
nothing at all I'm sorry that it wasn't
enough I mean I don't know I don't know
what else to tell you I thought that we
treated you very fairly I thought that
you know according to you last December
you wouldn't have made it to Christmas
without us and that we were your best
friends
you thanked us again in January for the
heater and how we kept you from freezing
your ass Bob and you told us that your
dad was finally starting to appreciate
you and and he was going to leave the
house
to you because he knew that you had us
as friends you could rely on us these
are things that you told us so how did
it happen from December that we were
your best friends and you couldn't make
it without us until now we're the worst
people want earth apparently because
that's what she's saying you guys all
the stuff that she's saying makes us the
equivalent of the worst people alive
anytime she needed money we were there
to give it to her whether that be for
birthdays or light bills or even if she
wanted to buy something we gave it to
her we always met with her we gave her
cash and I always thought it was weird I
was thought it was weird that we gave
her cash but she said it was because she
didn't want to report a disability
because they would cut her off if she
was making money so we always gave her
cash because that's what you do when
your friends need help you give it to
them so to answer the question you know
did we treat her like a dog no obviously
not
did we not give her any money obviously
we did it's like if we did treat her
like crap and gave her nothing for why
would she have kept making videos like I
said she wouldn't if Bridget's treating
me like crap and I'm getting nothing out
of relationship I'm leaving I'm out of
there a whole lot sooner than freaking
four years but answer that question
absolutely false
we treated her like family because for
the longest time we kind of thought she
was to spite the stuff that she did to
my dad back before he moved out of
Creekside despite all the stuff that
she's done in general we still treat her
like family because I looked at her like
she was not anymore that's over with you
know I don't want to say I don't know
where it happened that you know what
happened for her to flip because I know
exactly where the flip happened you know
last year if you guys remember we were
all being attacked and we'll be trolled
and I talked to you guys on video about
and you know dramaalert covered it
a bit well while that was happening she
was also being trolled and people were
coming to her and riding her and
threatening her and she came to us and
said that they were telling her if she
flips on us they'll leave her alone in a
nutshell if she says that we're bad
people and their videos are fake that
they would leave her alone they would
leave her son alone the people were
trying to say that her dad was a
pedophile and let me tell you guys right
now that is not true I know her dad he
is a great man he he doesn't deserve to
be brought up into any of this at all he
is a really good person he takes care of
his family
he's a he's a stand-up guy and I
appreciate and respect that guy
none of that stuff was true that was
said about him so we had her come over
to Dad's house and we made a video to
try and protect her from all of this
disgusting stuff being said because we
weren't going to sit there and let it
happen so we made a video and we were
appealing to all you guys asking for you
to support Tina and look after and not
let this stuff be said about her so when
she says that we never did anything for
and we never had her back this proves
that wrong right here because we made
this video strictly to protect Tina
Tina's mother her Tina unless we do it
Michael Bridgette is going to see to it
and I know you young uns are not gonna
let him bullshit no more Oh Tina
ironically while we were making the same
video she straight up said that they
told her if she flipped on us they would
leave her all check this out if I expose
angry grandpa Michael and Bridgette and
say their videos are fake and that
they're scum of the earth that he'll
leave me alone and he wanted to do that
by making me compromise between him and
my son so right there she said you guys
if she flips on us and tells them a
whole bunch of shit and makes us look
like scum then they would leave us alone
and that's exactly what happened
so I don't want to have to admit this on
video but I'm going to we came up with a
plan the idea would be that we would
give Tina misinformation to carry over
to these channels and she would report
it
and look like a dumbass like for
instance grandpa was getting a peanut
wagon never happened was it ever going
to happen me and Bridget were getting
engaged on Christmas Day never was going
to happen that's not happening dad was
proposing to Lawrence we were going to
Hawaii for our honeymoon dad was
quitting me and Grandpa show in January
and Doug was going to be taking his
place and there's a whole bunch of stuff
that she fed to these other channels so
they would leave her alone that was the
plan she would get in there talk to them
tell them a bunch of crap that wasn't
true and they'd leave her alone and that
was the plan and it was working you guys
it was working like a charm
why do you think she was sent so many
messages to us in December or thanking
us for everything that we do I thought
we were genuinely on good terms but I
guess when reporting the misinformation
she would also use that time to talk
crap about us and whether she intended
any of that stuff or not I can't say you
know maybe this was just her venting and
she was angry and they recorded her
talking about us and maybe but I don't
know that to be sure I don't know if you
listened to the podcast she did number
one she admits to straight-up egging
Grandpa's house now you guys this was
right after he had surgery he had a hole
in his frickin back rolling around in
his bed and all of a sudden his house
got egged and we decided not to talk
about it on camera because if we did it
might bring other people to do it so
next thing you know she's the one who
dissed podcast a couple of days later
telling people that she egged both of
our houses and let me tell you something
you guys our house has got freakin egg
then they got AIDS again that time we
got a freaking license plate number and
I wonder who that belongs to
she egged her house twice you guys so do
that so do that
Oh Oh we got on the offer twice we filed
a police report about the second time it
was enough you can't just go to people's
houses and throw eggs like you're
fucking Bart Simpson you know any man it
doesn't you can't aren't you a little
old to be doing like little teenage
hijinks like that you know what I mean
so so let me let's gather this let's
gather all the information straight here
you think that were freaks and Charlie
molest his daughter and we are horrible
people and your reaction is to throw
eggs at our house let me tell you
something if you thought the stuff that
you were saying is true and you're an
actual person of the community you would
call the police that's what you need to
do if you believe that that abuses his
grandchildren and beats them with dog
chains and starves them like you've been
saying then call the police because
that's what needs to happen I would call
the fucking police and I thought you
were doing that I don't care if you're a
friend or not you don't do that kind of
shit so if you believe it call the
police and have them form an
investigation because that's what needs
to happen right now straight up if you
think it's happening it needs to happen
send the police to the house let them
investigate us I invited they need to
investigate us if the stuff that your
thing yes if you're trying to say the
stuff that you're saying is true send
the police because that's what you are
obligated to do if you actually believe
it and the reason you haven't done it
and you won't do it is because your
bullshit and you're making it up and now
it's starting to blow up and your
fucking face and you realize that the
relationship that we had is over forever
so you guys know you'll never see her in
another video with us again those things
are gone and if do I look mad I'm very
mad because what I thought was a really
good friend uh turned out to be a
fucking enemy and you know what that's
thought that it's fine I'm glad I know
now I'm glad that we learn now that
you're the kind of person that talks
about somebody behind their back and
just make up the most outlandish
disgusting bullshit you want to say that
you know that angry grandpas the type of
grandfather that abuses his
grandchildren that beats them with
chains and starves them let me show you
the kind of grandfather he actually
he's he's the type of grandfather that
wakes his grandkids up like this on the
first day of school so what do you think
about the first day of school Jacob I'm
so awesome
are you have a good year yeah you better
have a good year oh well you better okay
well you written your first in school
and couldn't talk to me what is wrong
with you it's all because of a game I
will kick it away you can't forget your
lunch right now you got you a peanut
butter sandwich oh I heard what you did
after I went after I got out of the room
you told someone to making you a damn
chicken sandwich yeah I thought it was
you you peanut butter with meat huh well
here it is it's almost 6:15 the top of
you go to buff any parting words now
before you start your first day at their
grade yeah yeah give me kiss I love you
have a good day in school oh he's the
type of grandfather that takes video
camera and films they're aware award
ceremony congratulations
yeah
where'd it go Jacob Jesus has a
grandfather that last week found out he
could spend 20 minutes with JC an
opportunity school and he drove two
hours away just for that 20 minutes to
spend time with him that's the kind of
grandfather he is he's the type of
grandfather that loves his grandkids
loves his friends he loved you he loves
us and he loves all of his young uns and
now you're trying to take the only thing
that he has from him and it pisses me
off so let me tell you something you can
you can tell all the lives that you want
to tell you can go on podcast and tell
people that my dad was a drug addict and
he was hooked on pills and you're
absolutely right because I wonder who
was the one giving them to him in the
first place who had my father hooked on
pills that's a pretty good question
isn't it t you can go on the podcast and
you can tell everybody about a pill
problem and the stuff that you did stuff
that you did do an ex-girlfriend in
Kentucky and try to sail with his oh you
can say whatever you want because we got
the proof that everything that you're
going to say we know what you're going
to say we know it's bullshit we know the
stuff that you're making up we don't
care say whatever you want
run your mouth go on podcast and talk
about how you crack this knee on purpose
like that's cool admitting to assaulting
a 66 year old man okay okay yeah shit Oh
video do you ever go for a minute he'll
be other she catch you couldn't just
thought she could do it one time when I
go in but I fell down that's really
great isn't it you guys to admit and
laughing about cracking his knee and
then he's gonna say oh Michael didn't
tell anybody about this because he was
trying to protect me you're absolutely
right I was trying to protect you
because at a time you were a friend and
I didn't want people to jump all over
you because you assaulted my dad just
like I took it
a clip when you were playing ping-pong
and you push them on the ground he hit a
face against the wall we all started
crying
you remember that happening because I do
because I think about it sometimes
this thing has crossed from being a
stupid little youtube argument into
something way more serious when you go
egging people's houses and then posting
comments that somebody should put any
fries and meat and throw it over the
fence or our dogs could eat it you want
to kill our dogs now for what for always
being there for you for always having
your back for always giving you money
when you needed it advice when you
needed it for always being there for you
we deserve our dogs to be dead because
of that our houses to be egged that's
how that sounds really Feherty that
sounds like we had a really good
friendship I'm so glad that we meant so
much to you so I don't know how many
subscribers were going to lose from this
you guys there are people that are going
to leave because they like her straight
up and I understand that she is a crazy
crazy character straight up it's the old
reason that she started being in videos
in the first place because she's fucking
crazy who knew that it was certifiable
who knew so I don't know how many we're
going to lose five thousand twenty
thousand all of them we may lose every
subscriber that we have but if we do
we'll just rebuild our channel because
that's what you do and the ones that we
lose I'm sorry to see you go thanks for
subscribing and being the supporter for
as long as you have we appreciate you
being there for the good and the bad and
we love you for it and the ones that
stick around we love you even more
because you've been there through thick
and thin through rumors through
speculation through bullshit you've
always had our back and you guys are the
real MVP thank you to all of you guys I
click the like button on this and the
ones that click dislike and then
unsubscribe it was great having you I'm
really sorry to see you go especially
because it's over bull and lies and
accusations that have no shred of
evidence whatsoever
and I'm sorry to see you go but in the
end this is something that I have to do
I have to protect ourselves back to talk
about ourselves if we lose everything
because of this so be it but I'm going
to tell the truth and I'm putting it all
out there myself so we don't get thrown
under the bus by somebody with no
evidence to making up stuff because
they're mad that we're not giving them
money anymore and that's what it comes
down to money more money more problems
you guys that's what it comes down to so
anyway that's it that's the video that's
why I took her name out of the titles
because she was defaming us and I didn't
want to be associated with her the video
is there going to be deleted soon so
download them if you want to see him
again and that's going to be it thanks
for watching you guys it's a shame that
I went down this way because she was you
know she was a friend and I'm sorry to
see the friendship end but that's what
has to happen you when you find out your
friend is making up such baseless claims
about you it comes time to end the
friendship so thanks for watching you
guys
if you want to stick around and see what
she has to say I'm sure she'll make up
more bullshit
I'm sure she's got tons of screenshots
to sing that dad's asking her for pills
because I'll be honest with you guys he
was hooked on Bill I'm sure she does
have a lot of screenshots of dad asking
for scripts because I have the same
fucking screenshot so anyway that's
going to be it thanks for watching you
guys like subscribe favorite and for all
you that stick around we love you
