what's going on you guys Kibby on a
camera here I know is he yeah right
there and today is Wednesday today is
Wednesday and today let me apologize
first like the vlog is starting up so
late again we had a lot of business
downtown Charleston a lot of legal stuff
we can't get into but we handled it
we're back home we're starting our vlog
off kind of late the only way to excited
about starting off late I mean I'm just
today was a good day
wait are you late again no no nope no
joking no guys she's not pregnant
there was like more comics is Bridget
pregnant we're not sure can we not she's
not negative absolutely sorry about that
you guys the camera died mid-sentence
sorry Bridget you're in the middle thing
something poignant and I didn't care to
hear it how it's poignant why don't you
google it so anyway are you going to
Google poignant right now make sure you
spell it right although one's not
shining on one side hello hey I never
heard it for you can just speak into the
microphone find it yes
poignant evoking a keen sense of sadness
or regret a poignant reminder of a
passing time I think he is that wrong I
did not I think he is that fucking Sarah
we're not keeping up Michael we are so
keeping that poignant I embarrassed
myself pretty embarrassing you know I'm
still the smartest person right here in
this room
yeah well yeah right God okay guys let's
get this Wednesday started is it
Wednesday yes let's get this way I don't
even know days of the week anymore
today's Wednesday we're getting to start
it in a second I'm gonna clean butter
Orlando if I get gotten tickets hey I
wanted to take a second real quick to
tell you guys what's happening next week
the reason we have to do so much of this
legal shit this week is because next
week I ain't going to be here folks I'm
going to funds and Oh Florida for
wrestling now you like money fans now
guys I got a bunch
tickets the wrestling I got fourth row
for Wrestlemania first broke Monday
Night Raw second row for Smackdown first
broken Ring of Honor okay good I'm
excited I'm very excited for you but
don't go I'm going please don't go
that's Britton trying to tell me four
days
I'm gonna miss you this right here says
that I'm going what are you talking
about Michael yeah Nia or rustling what
about me Amy and if you go you have to
leave I will be leaving when I go now
you have to move out yeah I'm not really
like pretend to take you serious and you
say this I'm very serious
no you're not so you would honestly make
me choose between you or wrestling yep
wrestling dad makes a choice quick
enough or should make up I think you
came into the pool house now I live here
pool house no I'm glad but I'm not even
joking around when I'm not gonna play
I'm not even here Klaus yeah okay I'll
go pack my shit knocked up Pakistan Joe
the fall see if you don't really have to
like go to the pool house I mean you
don't attack your own leon's applause so
what I like to have some clothes with me
if I'm being far out of my house babe I
mean you can just knock and then I can
watch you into the closet right cool
I'll be a bit out of my house I'm sorry
yeah are you really gonna do this yes I
just I feel like wrestling is more
important than me you don't think that
you're proving it to be
how would you come with me well like you
don't have tickets for me you'd buy
tickets Jim can sit wherever how about
that you're so sweet good no I'm not
going
you should make a choice yes yes
cool shell out you would not do that yes
I'm doing it you need to leave this is
my house you wanted your try I think
you're trying to do my house your eyes
are pranking me okay that's option
number one out
you're either pranking me or option
number two is you're thinking this will
actually work which it won't
I'll freakin stay and relay no longer go
ahead I'll book I'll freakin buy a
townhouse and I'll start living there
okay yeah go ahead
I'm at least going to tell your dad that
so cup-winning
this is it your will go all the way so a
lot me too better because I am doomed
yeah me me really fish come on Kiki
I left the keys in my house no no no no
not your house our house I'm leaving for
the night please give me the keys um
it's a mocked for because I knew what I
was doing today oh you are prepared huh
yeah hold it yes hmm
sometimes it's art Wyatt this is how it
is is how it is you're not going to make
me choose between reprimanding it and
staying four freaking five days oh you
can stay here until you have to go
that's exactly two hours it's not that
bad
do you need help with that thing this
sucks yes I do yeah that's it uh oh okay
then
baby oh let's get the hell out this is
my mat now what are the hook
what oh god Michael chill here I don't
mind breathing overheated whatever
that's what you want to happen
hey don't forget sake I'm not choosing
staying home over going to Wrestlemania
Wow whatever the bathroom work course
shower work yeah I'm Vonda good it's all
in it right pretty excited so um I don't
know the Wi-Fi reaches out here pocket
good
who needs Wi-Fi when you have this dude
that is so true well um it's freezing
water Bridget you're really starting to
piss me off
is this a prank no is it a prank me or
Wrestlemania if you're asking me to
choose WrestleMania Wow yes good why do
I have to choose I don't want to go it's
not funny it's not fair I'm sorry I know
you're full of shit I'm not you will not
baby juice but I'm going to go back in
my house no you're not without if you
choose okay so - you already chose
you're in here
get out of here this is we're all so you
know I need shoes
I'll go go I'll go in my house and take
out your user
I don't like honestly got change at all
oh we go
Michael hi MA I'm making dinner do you
want me to bring you a plate keep your
mama why you building office for my
protection and all hey yeah
Michael I'm just kidding
Michael it's a break Michael you son of
a bitch I'm kidding
my chosen prey okay I don't know bro you
would talk about so many like a month
now
Michael nothing serious though of course
I'm going to miss you but but this it's
like you're going for two weeks
we agreed we would not do break up right
I'm sorry I'm sorry
huh it was just seriously a prank
obviously I'm not cool what I'm sorry we
agreed that we would not be present
friend Michael I didn't break up with
you I just stare you out I love you okay
you got me okay are you happy yes it has
enough Frank I'm sorry Belle is like
freaking out behind the door could we
stop this no I'm not really asking you
to that was obviously offering I want
you to go and have fun I'm going to play
with you three the whole time like I
said you can come if you want
I know and I appreciate it I don't like
being pranked I'll go next to you okay
can we not Prag anymore yes I'm sorry
Oh Oh can I have a hug no you know how
you know how to make it feel better
yes love you I love
so much I would never do never maybe two
guys I'm not going to let her prank me
like that and just get away with it she
can hear me right now by the way she has
a computer right there so I need some
ideas yeah I need some ideas I want you
to let me know in the comment section oh
you're back guys don't do that please do
that guy yeah this is my thing
guys I want some ideas in the comment
section I can hear enough feeling you've
already hurt mine that is choking okay I
was joking
it was a prank I was just bored I'm
sorry you can't bored too much me are we
not agree - hard so because we're a bad
relationship you just get bored all the
time and it can really shop yeah we the
way to get bored so much um I don't know
guys give me some ideas I haven't been
playing my video games late well guys
you make me look crazy you thoroughly
make me look like a crazy person okay
guys let me know some some prank ideas I
need to get her back I don't really know
what to do I don't know what kind of
prank but I need to prank her to her
face I'm letting you guys know right now
she's got to get got at least before I
go to Orlando because otherwise what the
hell happened what's on oh my oh babe
what are you doing I'm joking it's
another job know why I'm not worked out
so well
if you won't bring it crazy oh my god I
blamed is a sensitive issue for what's
up
okay what up much more of it guys any
help I got out of my did everyone that
send our money out of prank ideas you're
right I am I want to do any more to it
cuz nothing works
I'm sorry bro I'm gone my heart I'm
sorry
really truly no you're not yes I am
ideas okay I need a book through this
guy's if frickin looks like blood oh
great not seen in the granite my hand
well this is more importantly than your
hand my brain my heart's pain to my ring
move your hand and let's get the counter
please
nice job widget I need to get clean up
to that stage I'll clean it I got it I'm
sorry I'm having fun I was trying out
fun you've shaken me twice today he
thought we were breaking up I was moving
out and then your frickin finger was
coming off Dave I just gotta tell you
something I would never break up with
you like I love you so I'm gonna show
you love a thing a thing I'm sorry
you're just saying to me what I smelled
is now oh why
smell your own hand right look sting
this isn't smell like it smell it son
you stick your fingers like into my nose
over its thing it's real bad is this I
don't think so
you're hanging on natural disgusting
scent come on back your revenge Bridget
you want sort of frankly now your body
thinks
yeah well that's going to be a pro today
you guys I totally just got work the
whole day that's what this whole blog
was I'm so sorry thing I'm going to get
you back
mmm don't do that you know it annoys me
please don't do that
mm-hmm stop doing it mm-hmm oh my guys
going to be so annoying if I started
doing that it is annoying to be right
now nope
please stop she knows what I am sorry
Soph I'm sorry
never do it again mmm I got like his
favorite on everything for you guys and
guys I'm your prank ideas I didn't fuck
it up so close vicinity I pray
