right now I'm about oh I was so proud of
you about 80% sure that I'm about to
have an ID that lets me drive a car
instead of just gonna finally have a
blue strip instead of the green one that
says yes I can buy alcohol just not
operate a vehicle okay I got the idea of
a 14 year old
what's going on you guys get me out of
camera here you wanna see yeah right
there and today is Wednesday and that
means today it's throwback Wednesday
guys today is Wednesday and
unfortunately for me I've got to do
something that I really really
truthfully don't want to do why do you
just think ever
no it's not folks I told everybody has 3
million subscribers I was gonna take
driving lessons whether that's one or
two I don't know I'm gonna take a
driving lesson at 3 million subscribers
like everybody wants me to do however if
I want to take a driving lesson 3
million subscribers there's something
kind of important that I need a permit
oh my god it's so cute guys today we're
going to the DMV which means today I
gotta fly for our apartment babe you're
gonna freakin nail it how how about
gonna nail I don't know anything you're
right oh my god guys he doesn't
understand yield at all what is that a
big deal or something huge deal
forget it we're not doing it we're doing
this nice today not Thursday and today
we'll go to the DMV was just checking
out my phone you guys as we said in the
vlogging didn't edit it out today it's
thirds of Wednesday which means today
I'm not actually doing a throwback
Wednesday story like I said what funny
guys we thought today was Thursday ok so
bad at day is why we will legitimately
thought today was Thursday so I promised
a throwback story that's actually in
tomorrow's vlog okay I'm a liar I lied I
apologize for being a liar you know I
think every day is Friday we said
Thursday God you've really lost touch
oh are you wearing a mask
yes what in the world are you doing are
you wearing it me yes oh my goodness
what's funny about that
you're wearing a mask to the DMV oh I'm
sorry Cindy wants to flu I don't want it
are you offended I'm just gonna act like
I don't know you guys I'll be like 20
feet ahead he's trying to like not catch
the flu listen I read a report on Google
and Wikipedia I used to wear a mask
everywhere that most collective
pathogenic airborne viruses are bored at
the DMV maybe you should wear your
hazmat suit then well I would now I'm
pretty sure it's illegal I can't work
that would be hilarious take your permit
picture they're not going to let me do
that you have to identify the face okay
we're taking her car what what we're
taking your car we're taking this okay
right now I'm about oh I'm so proud of
you oh wow 80% sure that I'm about to
have an ID that lets me drive a car
instead of just gonna finally have a
blue strip yeah instead of the green one
that says yes I can buy alcohol just not
operate a vehicle oh yeah that's so cute
yes good luck babe
was not scary
you good now serving excited no DC odd
at all
you should be yeah you excited with the
DMV it's gonna be a real blast
whoo oh I'm really excited for you it's
gonna be cute no no the mask how did you
get my mask
what do you have a real well I got it
from here I hope it's real what do you
not have a real idea I got the idea from
here how will be fake
well as if some updated it's very funny
but Michael I didn't give mine it took
me four times no no not only did I fail
not only do they give me this for free I
gotta pay for this is a final book
they're like you need this take it not
only did I fail not only did I fail in
dramatic fashion I'm pretty sure I got
the worst grade that's ever been given
on that test before okay I'm scared you
can't drive I got zero that's not good
that's really scary I thought I should
just get a hang of it there was a good
question about where to put the key I
put the engine like you're supposed to
put that's right right you're keying the
engine the engine Cindy what do you got
what's funny here look honestly as
frightening to me
what's fright you really need to study
that bug how about just don't do it how
about I just like Michael no we have to
can we yes I'm a failure
miss that was so embarrassing you guys I
embarrassed myself for you I need some
free like this deal even is gonna make
this better
okay smack the like button and make me
feel better about embarrassing myself
otherwise I don't know if I'll come back
smack the like button if you want me to
come back that was yes
let me tell you how that was I'm sitting
there I'm like okay let's do this time
to get a permit he'll take the test
first question what
I don't know what this road sign means
hold on what okay does this one roads
doing this the other roads doing this of
course I know what that is that's to see
you again bye Wiz Khalifa from you know
Fast Five oh that is oh what dude how
did you get the stop sign wrong okay
did you do this on purpose no dude I try
here's what happened okay
I like the fifth question I'm like
forget it dude it was too hard
I don't ask what yield my gold Bridget
has warned me about yield and I still
got it wrong I don't know how it works
I failed did if you don't know a yield
you can't drive and I'm serious you'll
rack instantly he doesn't get yield guys
he's so smart and I just don't
understand why sometimes we can go and
sometimes we cannot go right he doesn't
understand when there's a green light
and we're waiting to turn left he
doesn't understand why I can't go right
why can't we just go other cars ago and
his oncoming traffic has to go first
when it's clear I can go that's yield
this was your idea
okay I got a lot of teaching to do guys
I try to get my permit I failed I'm a
failure okay it's back to light but no
no no no stop talking smack to like but
not any free like some embarrassed I
humiliated myself I gotta eat Nigel's
good food yeah I'm hungry you I'm
humiliated myself
was there really a question on your test
about this where you put the key no it
goes on the big mission I don't recall
that one ignition what the dig mission
ignition I don't need this okay
food now Michael why did it was so my
food
what why didn't we fill more food I was
too busy eating it pull guys guess what
that's it this is michael second plate
okay and he's too full to even like
chicken wings i mashed potatoes of
macaroni cornbread you know what i want
beef stew got it
it is delicious like feel like if i eat
it there's no more like this you ever
seen the movie alien sending yeah only
the scene will like i'm to sit in the oh
my god you like it explained that
perfectly exactly i was like already
there wanna finish the chicken wings
over already - cool
ya know what beef stew we've been here
like 30 mins long initiative it doesn't
mean we're doing great
are we taking the me miss home no I'm
not proud I could take it home here just
attacked us
yes ma'am
if I finish if I think at home the
tinnitus is go beeping I can't we're
home I failed I didn't expect to fail
like babe it's okay it took me four
times here my permit and license dude I
wanted my license today and I thought it
was gonna happen I'll be honest with you
I thought was gonna be a licensed driver
I was gonna be driving around missing
through traffic permitted to drive yes I
thought I was gonna be a a member of the
license society everything will be so
hard
Michael what's your permit what are you
talking about
your permit permits are for like 16 year
olds Ryan I would just get a license I
mean ten year olds actually right out
but they would just give me a license
because my age no they'd give you a
permit a learner's permit it's a license
a permit that that allows you to drive
on the road with a licensed driver you
know what's so embarrassed you know it's
really embarrassing what I had to put
for the love you know for the title car
for the intro yeah
whoa as a getting my driver's license I
had to actually look up how to spell the
word license I misspelled it
okay how do you spell license oh my god
how did you spell it
I did like L is e and I don't know how
to spell it
okay you listens I almost had my
freaking license and I failed because of
you I don't was get your license you
need your permit for like what six
months and then you get a license is
that true you guys let me know in the
comment section - that's true
you really think the DMV is gonna let
you get your license or that I passed
the test
you're the writing portion so I wasn't
getting a license no to get your license
add ambience I thought that I would hold
on I thought I would apply for the
permit and then I'll be like okay I'm 30
may I have the license now please no but
you don't know how to drive they will be
very irresponsible to give you a
driver's license
guys I don't know what to do okay man
seriously it is what it is I got talking
a couple of minutes about see you soon
guys
I almost have my driver's license I was
this club no you weren't even close to
getting your bourbon okay he couldn't
even answer stop sign question okay I
told you I gave up answering the
questions everything pal
what are you doing Michael what is it on
your leg what are you doing the camera
my face show me your lips what are you
pointing eyes like this white speck on
your lab and I want to shuffle was it I
don't know I was gonna warm I don't know
it might have been a maggot
what dude there may be maggots inside of
you what for not bathing yeah oh my god
no what are you talking about it's so
frightening what are you talking about
maggots oh I bet that the maggot nests
on your head where right there don't
show the pimple okay
it's getting bigger what do I do about
it
okay it's a planet can I not wear a hat
to the DMV no if I would have got my
license today I would have this on my
head
yes and a white thing on your lip or
excuse me my permit as you call your
permit before we get out of here you
guys I wanted to take a minute to talk
about see you soon
tomorrow actually makes one week since
the song came out on iTunes and Spotify
and to celebrate I want to do another
phone call video so here's what I'm
looking for tonight send me your
screenshot of this the song on iTunes or
listening to it on Spotify or wherever
you stream music she'll be mad and I
follow some of you guys I'm gonna DM you
and a tomorrow's vlog oh I'm gonna call
you soon
to say thank you for downloading see you
soon
house that was okay that was really good
this should be like you know a hit
another you soon part two
yeah on a car you soon yeah anti to it
see you soon part two I can't wait for
these people to hear the other music
guys oh my god oh my god oh my god I
know you could you chill guys there's
this one side I'd love see you soon
right it's fantastic you know Michael
and PFE did it already talking about
what other song with Juliette Riley come
back you're gonna hear come back come
back I want to say any more
how does anyone guys send your
screenshots listening to see you soon
and we making phone calls in tomorrow's
vlog let's do this outro well that's
gonna be up for today you guys thanks
for watching I tried to get my license
for you guys just didn't happen
your permit oh my god okay stop
embarrassing me permit okay my moped
license okay I almost had the moped
license no sorry guys I'm getting out of
here thanks for watching
didn't get the license or excuse me the
permit I don't like st. Patrick permit
her learner's permits for other
something I need a permit to add an
extension on to my house I hate that
eating apartment to learn host okay I'm
not permitted to drive okay it is what
it is guys thanks for watching I'm gonna
keep trying if you want smack the like
button through me to go back to the DMV
to try to get my license yeah permit no
I have to ask him a favor though what
you know how I just mentioned Juliet
Reilly yeah
can you guys tweet her and tie her to
follow me she doesn't follow Bridget she
won't follow me I feel like she hates me
maybe maybe some guys Twitter and tired
follow guys thanks for watching like
subscribe favorite follow everything for
to us and get skit okay okay okay can
see you soon
tonight because
I make a phone call for tomorrow
