what's going on you guys kid beyond a
camera here it does here right there and
today is with a zit well literally it's
Saturday literally a Saturday but this
is going up on Sunday but going up on
Sunday
is it really helpful to repeat after me
yeah so anyway I told you guys yesterday
at the end of the vlog that today I'm
gonna find out what Bridget secret is
and I said yes you do have a secret
don't we're going to dig into that in a
little bit because I'm kind of busy
right now but I promise you we will find
I don't have a secret okay Bridget I'm
going to call the office here okay
secret secrets are no fun secret secrets
hurt someone
false block there okay I was a good
response it was good okay guys right now
I'm about I can't talk right now
I'm about to meet up with Grandpa and
we're gonna go to hey Belle are you cool
she's really somebody just drag it going
out hey hey your shit she wants to do
wrong things I'll tell you Aaron um
these are comfortable are you serious
and a few minutes angry grandpa's going
to be come in here and we're going to go
to Little Caesars to try that smokehouse
pizza of course by the time you've seen
this blog the video has already gone up
so if you haven't seen it go check it
out unless he doesn't show up in which
this part doesn't happen at all we all
do the video oh man what did you think
screw those teasers I wanted whatever
happens in the back don't know I don't
know what the video is I'm hoping it
Thank You grandpa tries to Little
Caesars mokau speech but anyway so later
on we're gonna fight figure out what's
going on with you nothing is going on
fine delicate that they started
shit this is Bobby's hot ready I've been
here 250ms almost any hot ain't ready
yet
you've been here for five visits but
whatever it's still far says hot and
ready now because those are like two
pepperoni and cheese it so I'm not gonna
deal with it really did have hot ready
now you have it now thank god oh god a
smokehouse reading they're doing they
got a cook that do they have it now hole
what does the thing say hot ready it
doesn't say that
well they said honey I gotta walk away
from you this is hydrated look on the
door you are two pi I see it already you
were getting too angry calm down in
stream I'm gonna mess up my damn I'll
help you keep all your attending
remember touching them you're not going
to eat four pizzas
you ain't judgin I'll smell it oh god
this will be priceless
yeah now the hard part is waiting yeah
how far she's waiting smells pretty good
in here okay is this killing me man you
killing you - wait yes it's cute I got
that smell is killing me
Oh crazy fucker cars
you better get my way you motherfucker
looking chill dad put me the fuck home
he's just pizza what
it's just Peter know what fuck Jesus
fuck wait what stop waiting are you what
are you doing I'm good I got you some
now why are you pulling a Burger King
they got a parking lot
fuck wait you're gonna Park it this is
breaking bargain lot do you love even
Achilles so grandpa just tried the
little seat where you going with that
pizza huh where you going a pizza oh no
what British awesome
it's my pizza it is not gonna get me
yeah Jill you're not you too my pizza
okay yeah I see no slice wow you got two
of them I mean I might eat you so if you
guys haven't seen the video yet
check it out us from the main channel he
tried it I guess you can tell how he
liked it he loved it he considerably
once you go see the full program here
for well no we're no more grandpas mouth
was a washing machine folks if you
haven't seen the video check it out for
now I'm a covert as Lynn are you guys
you guys ready to try some it at Little
Caesars so are you all of you guys fruit
Lee yeah I am oh shit Charlie how the
biggest one bad good at it so I don't
like it no I just want to bite
you do it what that's frickin butt off
fat nuns don't cause they're away from
me it's not good it's good shit every
time you got faces oh I'm not really
into barbecue pizza hmm oh yeah you'll
leave it yeah it's all changes nobody
expect kind of my new blood you got a
bet all right you guys right now me me
and Charlie chill eating booty O's with
a damn good at it like a booty right now
we are on our way to Bridget mom's house
for a little bit of dinner I'm hungry
hopefully she can cook oh wait one time
she made meatballs dude and the hey
that's not a packet of gravy and were
like weird okay guys enough what is she
cooking she is making roast okay here we
go
love that rosemary Cindy's house right
now we're gonna film us eating some pot
roast
oh god I got to give up thumbs up
fingers crossed that it's good you won't
cover his lens you need cover up enough
so right now we're leaving Bridget's
mom's house Cindy let me tell you I
didn't want to film while we were there
Charles would you agree that that pork
she made was disgusting hello Owen I
said you didn't eat any of it
maybe he doesn't eat or it's too dark to
see I didn't want to film the discussing
pork with Cindy it was disgusting I want
to apologize really fast for the reason
that we didn't film at Cindy's house the
reason is we forgot the camera in the I
think is carbonyl face anyway we forgot
the camera in the car and Charlie just
straight-up refused to go get
no that's what happened that's what yeah
that's what happened that's what
happened it is kind of what happened I'm
sorry right well I wouldn't either okay
let's be honest I don't want to leave
either but anyway we will make it up to
you because we're going back this week
to have dinner Charles even with us so
I'm not going back out that place that
eyelining better days my friend
well Cindy's house will no just a
trailer park in general it's war oh oh
that's mirror that's where dad lit up Oh
need to get Heidi out of here
well we will we're getting we are
working on that still hey but still
don't as a green trailer trash once
trailer trash always trailer trash I
guess what
trailer trash so I die I love being
trailer trash you want on the fingernail
ooh that sounds good we're gonna stay in
the car
all right after you needed money I
forgot you make money now ah good for
you la-dee-da all right Bridget second
he goes my door back this fucking car
him go somewhere else
Yeah right there you can see doing it
okay go go oh my god my god oh yeah
bristling backing up and there he is
we should park where we can see him okay
because we probably missed a building
wall so maybe over here
guys we're pranking Charlie we're going
to make them think we left them we got
their chemistry membership oh my god
Kim is worth more Oh
he's hooking me and this phone is here's
we can't call us
wait now if you want to phone what do
you do that's probably you want to go
pick a lob yeah here you need a ride I
seriously got worried for saying I'll
fuck him
I walked over here here here Oh easy you
got a dream you gotta soda no no ohh
kids oh oh oh
pickle chips under that's all there's a
shirt on dad like this hottest girls in
town are you waking you up guys it's
really late grandpa was asleep I had to
wake him up for this so so you know we
have a chef she's a friend by the way
she is a friend of our she as a chef and
she wanted to cook this to you she knows
you love pork chop she knows you're
under the weather
yeah I double-bagged it to spin
damn these are brown sugar and chili
rubbed pork chops Dan Sayle those are
made in love that's good
you like the rub yeah I do so these are
yours is three of them here there was
four but somebody ate before who do you
think Charlie Charlie ain't the fourth
pork chop Pig get it here Charlie dad's
got a war dad with you if I got hair bug
up what there's a fourth pork chop here
in an anal dad's plate where'd it go
I think that my friend two days ago she
was yesterday everyone hello there
friend damn it they're gonna win are you
guys I told you buddy him in his blog I
was telling you Bridget secret whatever
it is I've got a foolproof way to do it
I'm just gonna accuse her of cheating
and by accuse her of cheating on me
she's guaranteed to tell me what the
secret is this guy's here we go
all right you guys that's gonna be it
for today you guys as soon as the
unblurred on me there we go that's gonna
be it for today thanks for watching
pretty good day it's a pretty good day
not quite seeing has been good but it
can be a lot better when I get some
answers
what do you mean well at the end of
yesterday's vlog I told you guys that
she had a secret and I'm gonna get
whatever that secret I have a secret
there's a secret in this and I'm pulling
it out itself guys I don't have a seat
yeah you do guys if you didn't see the
blog that I uploaded a call will the
golden here we go again
here we go again yeah you remember quite
well don't you hi remember the time I
worried how well she remembered I have a
good memory yeah okay where you better
remember what you're about to tell me so
when I asked her what she was hiding
from me what I might have found she goes
what he's like you didn't speak there
wasn't an audible shock but let's take a
look you're going to notice when you
watch the vlog today
at the end of it I found your little
secret what secret I don't know you guys
did you see that there is nothing there
let's take a replay dramatic effect
added music let's find out the inn
I don't know man she sure looks the
price of me I was not surprised I don't
have a secret no you were you were taken
aback and you can't deny it I saw
another girl me what the secret is there
is nothing where that don't why don't
have any secret don't hide it from me
okay I'm your boyfriend I'm your friend
you need to tell me right now what the
secret is let everybody know I don't
have a secret okay but my mind is just
gonna go running amok what that's not
what you want you want me to say what
I'm thinking
I don't have a secret guys I'm afraid
that the secret is she was cheating on
me
you do not think that guys she's
cheating on me can you not think I'm
cheating on you I would never do that
are you cheating on me right now are you
serious right now is this how I'm
finding out that you're cheating on me
I think of Michael you have to me that
was the only thing I'm not feeding oh
that face didn't look convincing to me
but I can what they said my dance the
other night what about the secret yeah
no it's not yes it can't pretend like
get my chance Michael it was an
overnight and it happened and I thought
you found it and you revived and I need
to do first things first first thing
starts I never thought you cheated on me
I knew how I'd get the secret number two
should birthday yeah no I did not
Michael Charlotte one of us has just
admitted to pooping in their pants ooh
diapers for Bridget Cooper Cooper can I
talk can I finally talk to you yeah
hey you remember that one video there's
a thumbnail of you holding your ass no
there's not Bridget I'm a man men don't
poop their pants oh yeah oh yeah Bridget
does though no wait don't diarrhea girl
oh my god guys that's the secret I knew
I would get it out of her by blamed her
for cheating I got it
you guys she pooped a bit get I know why
you definitely I then you cheated that's
how the vlogs ending you can poop your
pants yeah well that's gonna be a pretty
day you guys we got a secret life
because that happened I'm cutting your
hair tomorrow
Sammy because it happened you forced my
secret out so what I didn't want anyone
to know about it you're not cutting my
hair and I'm ironing your hair no you're
not I am bit we'll see ma that's going
it for today you guys thanks for
watching like fire on everything but you
eyes and kind of your hero or the ice
work you're not cutting your hair no
you're not yes I want to grow the beard
and hair up rest of it I want it for
Wrestlemania sideman I ain't cutting it
well they do teasing apart what ya know
like surprise me right like turn on oh
god no please oh wait I can't end the
vlog yet because I didn't remind you
guys to check out the Little Caesars
video with angry grandpa where he tries
to smoke house pizza guys he burns the
shit out of his mouth it's hilarious
oh dude honestly he brings it while
filming I was crying because he's trying
to eat the pizza way too soon he's like
it's ridiculous if you haven't seen it
check it out I'm gonna get out of here
like subscribe favorite time everything
to us that good my fancy IO like my
Harley
you're gonna clean me honestly you'd
really dig it into me
maybe Wow
