what's going on you guys kid be on
camera here the new us here yeah right
there and today about Friday I bet it
might look just like that
I feel filthy having said say it again
no sane again happy fun fried egg so
today is Friday and today the same fried
egg if you can't go any high pride a I
can't edit anymore so don't say it again
Oh God you kiss your mother on the lips
with that mouth oh I give you unless
that mouth whoa a little filth mouth
bring it over here yeah you're right
today it's fried egg and today I don't
think we're doing anything but I going
to Grandpa's house and check it on that
puppy and we're making fried eggs no we
are not making Friday no we are not are
you like me for real no you're not being
true no but my ID for real some people
make fried eggs
some people like fried a Nazis to you
like Friday I hate Friday sometimes ok
so why would I not take you serious when
you said we're making Friday
I want a Friday cook you really you just
switched just like that
no no Fridays ok I wanna I wanna Friday
anyway today is Friday today we already
went downtown we handled our business it
was a lot quicker than we thought really
cut and drive we're back home vlog going
up hopefully earlier than we thought
yeah oh my god I thought this was gonna
be like a midnight song I did too but it
still might be and by the way something
when you still irony with me a part of
the smell he states that - anyway let's
get this Friday started we're going to
grandpa's house Charlie's coming over
we're gonna check them out but let's do
this alright you guys we just got a
package in the mail I wanted to show it
to you before we go to grandpa's now
before we go to grandpa's you should
know that he's not feeling very well
today so I'm not going to give it to him
today but if you want me to give it to
him tomorrow
Mack the white button I'm gonna give
this surprise we just got a package let
me take these off cuz I got some new
shades to be wearing oh my god I don't
know where them checkers
we got shirts and glasses from checkers
ah please this way guys what does it say
kind of see the hottest grows in town
the hottest grill in town over attackers
cuz it isn't cool I know I was with
those odds on why cuz they're kids I
wear them for the thing real quick
yes hey I think you're really cool I
like you a lot
maybe we should hang out or something
hey Chloe what is the other shirt I love
it
so we got all this from checkers I'm
gonna give this to dad you want to wear
these no oh yeah are both there you go
oh yeah bridges of checkers rallies girl
you do not want to work shape I don't
you don't pull off the line yes I don't
like too bad goddamn Lin all right guys
I'm trying to find Michael Michael oh hi
Devon black boy people think we're this
no good beaten anyway I try I try to get
Felix over here we're appealing
he's enough honored just now he's like
all over Charlie and Pat me I love you
and grab the cam I grab the camera like
fuck off I don't want no one to know
this like a big fat lazy jerk you don't
worry you look like Heathcliff
oh I remember Heathcliff yeah I forgot
about he'll love this oh is it wrong
that I had a crush on the little sexy
cat as a kid why hold up you pull up
that cattle this phone right now
no there's like kid like sweat socks
like it like a fan this is like it was
really flats in one stick of folks it
was your last dance wool except last
dances with a woman
it was a female cat hahahaha like hey I
know feels like oh hell no waiting you
can I'm done Hey alright see here
alright a sexy cat from Heathcliff so is
this cat like a sex symbol
what does it mean just remember your
phone breaks someone's going to look at
it see you search for 60 - Heathcliff
the Cadillac cats a is here that's
important the sexy cats and Peach live
what
boom boys tell me that's not a knockout
right there dude get some leg warmers I
got suffer to warm up - OH
trolley is into anime everybody confirm
ah Amy I can't find a real girlfriend
man I'm Ana's mother
oh my good try like to chill and pull up
me oh my gosh oh my god everybody rewind
that a bunch of time there will be a
mean and poor feels like I got no time
for y'all I heard my back when you
meanwhile right now you guys we got
Charlie a new phone going so he don't
uploading more quality videos on his
camera everyone thank my baby brother
mikey is the best may know thinking me
check on the claws keep is good keep
it's uploaded yeah all right let's see
here hit it again
middle one upload is 90% it's gonna be
uploading here in about 5 minutes
now I'm gonna hide it from you guys yeah
it's gonna be unlisted there you're not
going to know it yeah it's going to be
an unlisted video cuz we just uploaded
the thousand-year-old duck egg where God
you guys want to see it check that shit
out of them trolley channel notice fuck
though Michael made me do it man all
like if you do it I'll give you a shout
out because I want a liquid asset don't
so now I want a videogame Mike was like
he was like you were like a oh so you're
not going to do it for your angels and
demons huh
and I'm honey over a damn barrel so I
would not eat it for like just straight
up yeah I didn't like do a barrel here
put me over a barrel and visit at all 50
states man so he did it he was a trooper
about it you were better than the other
guy I was coming Balu yeah another guy
that was in the video he's like oh yeah
always the blue would you like to duck
in the thing excellent and he couldn't
meet the egg I'm like I don't know if I
believe you no more yeah sorry loves you
dude but I don't believe it we love you
man but no anyway we do a about what to
say about what you do right so anyway
that's it for now we just learned
trolley has a crush on a cartoon car
cartoon cat filming yes all right you
guys I want to make a proclamation here
for Charles what everybody knows
Charlie's got a girlfriend but you did
hear this yet Charlie's new girlfriend
is Captain Heathcliff hey guys if you
have any pictures of the cast in
Charlie's way where or I was van mailed
it was hot I didn't know this is a kid
Charlie's a girlfriend folks I forgot
damn it forget hi yeah you did it again
I really honestly don't remember oh yeah
Bridget had a crush on Bugs Bunny's
girlfriend Hill Babs his bad okay with
me bad I had a crystal Babs
and jasmine Oh
Arnold hi Wendy
Arnold ha you excite anybody leave ours
are human yours is an animal way my exam
will see my around the time the mom fed
us cat food man and try told you how to
anchor it for animals oh here we go
haven't you guys don't want an update on
the puppy here we go
Oh Murray on differences please
oh my goodness
oh it can kind of see holy crabs can you
get that okay yeah oh look at it oh my
god are you getting this
oh god I want to hold it nope I'm gonna
hold it it's like getting like into a
fat little chunky old dog yeah and damn
gonna steal it it's so crazy if I saw
it's a little slits looking in my
direction
Oh God
Wow you're going to be singing soon
aren't you and it's not only trying to
get away from me no more like it used to
show me his eyes oh my god that is so
cute no Lauren we don't have her not
here you don't have her hold it yes
there you go No Oh guys what it was Hey
hmm I was like I hate version mmm it is
going see your face it let me hold that
boy he won't let you here on their own
land
oh it's blurry
there you go the door was blinking did
not Oh Oh God who y'all hushing back
there that's what these boys do they
fight and they hush each other like you
don't have jurisdiction to do that you
can every do that with your guys kid
thing if someone's like side know the
kid
thank you shush me anyway you don't want
to whimper do you see when bridge was
hold to just thinking off camera was in
it
oh okay are we being against me dawn for
me my good friend I'm sorry
he told me why he pissed off
ah the dog pissed on that first thing I
want to say it happy st. Patrick's Day
number two we're about to go in there a
mess with the boys of all they're not
supposed to play the game right they're
in there playing a game let's get in
there and I'm going to tell on them oh
look at all it was not carrots a joke oh
I know
number two happy st. Patrick's Day have
you been packaged it that's right she's
not wearing green so either why
speaking of st. Patrick's Day what as in
corned beef I don't think I've ever had
that it doesn't be really perfect enough
Michael judge McGarr do Gore me that was
this illness I want to know it doesn't
eat like corned beef sales took look
clues it took achievement Oh Bertha I
thought it's a PC cake and almost uh-oh
wait this is not cake meat cake happy
st. Patrick's Day you guys we're about
to go back home we had to show that
we're gonna prank the boys first yo
we've seen all the shit shit in here
oh you Dwight how they want to be
shifting
no activity on your game oh yes I feel
again ah we won't say anything
should I tell now to tell or not to tell
know what I wanna walk out straight yeah
all right we're not going to tell the
ours or feel the game
all right let's go huh all right don't
worry why not I'm not a rat it's not
gonna tell hey Lauren
Oh what yeah they're playing the game
Michael didn't you do this to your
sibling they're not really in trouble
you guys right Lauren okay you're the
fun baby
we're just looking Clyde right now Oh
buddy you'd ruined it hide
did I tell you earlier when Charlie was
here Clyde was humping the hell out of
hell bud you one day charlie
I found out today he might be an animal
that's going to like spread around now
funny
fathers dead guys I was joking on some
of the cartoon no your friend is into
animals no we can't read that no it's
not true clothes are gonna run with it
like you hear what I heard
no it's not true Jerry can't talk to you
yeah Clyde you did Charlie chill be my
boy boy Eddie all right you guys and
celebration for st. Patrick's Day me and
Bridget are gonna play hide and seek the
second time today she found me earlier
this time I'm feeling lucky
were you at Michael please Michael ass
push daddy
Michael we're not come from oh my god
you got me oh we hit it again I put it
back once the invisible I didn't see
nothing
okay hold on hey Bridget I'm like John
Cena what the hell you here any minute
say is that okay we live in the fucking
Sochi okay
Michael Michael if you don't know where
we got this joke from Andy from Big
Daddy where's a little cable put all the
glasses and you would disappear so
anyway for instance Bridget I can't see
anything
we're both invisible now ah oh there you
are you could have seen me that subject
you keep forgetting I was scared I was
me being scared no wonder we don't get
no TV show deal dude we can't we can't
act I can't act are you ready you're
gonna act surprised okay we did that
okay before we do the outro I want to
show you guys what it's like wearing
these things because way dude it is
crazy absolutely insane this looks like
I feel like this would be like to be a
bumblebee hold on does the camera see it
I don't think so
um it's kind of clear in this I look at
the line piece of shit now I know I
guess would be like it kind of picked up
here oh wow okay Bridget I got you
through a filter whoa
tell it good yes Oh bye now oh no never
well that's going to be it for today you
guys thanks for watching right now I
don't know where bridget is at all she's
invisible what the hell am I doing here
we are the stupidest couple ever be ha
ha ha seriously we are so anyway thanks
for watching you guys had a pretty good
st. Patrick's Day it's a pretty good day
for some reason I felt the need to say
that I don't know why I don't need to
say what
there's a floating camera in front of my
face and I don't the dose over okay
glasses all family thanks for watching
you guys I feel like I'm done a little
cool right now
oh thanks for watching you guys checkers
thank you for the glasses and the shirts
everybody tweet them tell them Thanks
I'm gonna get out of here thanks for
watching like subscribe favorite I want
everything for us and that's it I love
you guys so much happy st. Patrick's Day
and thanks Thank You sugar
Thank You checkers I finish the pink
stuff in checkers I finish it Thank You
checkers hey I'm going to start site to
get burgers we are actually a men
