what's going on you guys kid behind the
camera here Brigitte West not here we're
going to be doing an intro in just a
minute but before we did that I wanted
to address something first at the end of
yesterday's vlog you guys saw that I
found a pregnancy test in the bathroom
which to me implies it's not even to me
that it implies it is that Brigitte
somehow thinks she's pregnant again
which means she's still late which is
either really bad or really good really
bad because there's something wrong but
really good because she's pregnant
something's amiss here okay why does she
need the test I found it in the bathroom
at the end of the vlog yesterday well I
woke up today and they are gone they're
not here anymore folks let her okay
they're not here
those tests are gone now as you guys
don't know we are a day ahead so the
vlogs that you guys saw yesterday hasn't
gone up yet so I need to know by the
next hour so before I upload it what's
going on one because that's what she's
gonna watch the book and she's going to
know I found the pregnancy test but
until that happens I gotta get it out of
her why are they missing did she take
the test if she did what did it say why
isn't she telling me am i being a
paranoid I don't think so I think this
is very reasonable of me to assume that
Shannon I take cookies not hurt her I
think it's very reasonable I'll be to
assume that she took a pregnancy test
and makes pregnant or isn't pregnant
either way they're right there they're
not there anymore I need to find out
before she sees that vlog what's going
on you guys
the antenna don't cover it all right
this first scene of the vlog yep
what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here video I see yeah right there
what is that
so going your immune system no I'm just
checking oh my god I don't know if
there's anything like inside you're
weakening your immune system my throat
is dry that's all what's going on you
guys kick me out of camera here pretty
much here
right there and today is Tuesday
today is Monday today is literally
Monday though yeah but it's just a
Tuesday because we're a day ahead
yeah today is Tuesday and today we're
going to figure out what's really going
on in this house you guys we're good we
got to figure it out
ghosts are we haunted is there something
living inside this house that I'm not
aware of I don't know we're going to
figure this out today I hope oh how
we're gonna find out what could he see
something I would just think if there's
something alive in here that I don't
know well like a ghost Arco a baby a
baby girl what people say be here
whining in the blog sometimes fastest
although it is probably well I'm just my
month somewhere else will erase
everything what's going on you guys get
beyond a camera here Brenda was here
right there and today why are we doing
this again I don't know look you guys
today we're going over to Grandpa's
house but you're not gonna see that
we're going over to Grandpa's house to
do the durian fruit it's going to be a
static motherfucker oh my god oh my I'm
so excited
I'll let you guys know at the end of the
vlog how it went if it was good
fingers car I really hope this works out
holy shit what if it doesn't even stink
it has to sink hey what is it with the
bronze fruit that's a durian what is it
is it I'll be really pure if you got out
anyway we're going to get this Monday
started right now sorry we're going to
get this Tuesday started right now you
excited
I'm really
silence let's find out what's being
hidden from pickleboy Michael what are
you doing you just had on a clean shirt
why are you putting on a dirty filthy
shirt oh you want to be Kevin Owens
again Bridget this shirt feels
comfortable and it doesn't think it it's
all pretty good you can tell me you tell
me the things Oh
Darian true that's not the only thing
that stinks in this house okay I'm
getting everything secret stink
yes I agree by the way how are you gonna
stay a snot like a durian fruit you
wouldn't know what a smell um it was a
joke Michael I assume it smells
horrifying yeah I hope I really hope you
know what else is horrifying what the
bump under your nose why you couldn't
point out my pimples what is up with
that your hormones out of whack no I
mean maybe use my pillowcases dirty I
don't know I like a bump there
something's going on with your hormones
girl you need to figure this out now
that I'm worried maybe I'm a little
worried oh no I'm a coal it's just I
gotta wash the pillowcases we gotta
think about more than ourselves now so
we have to like the dog what do you
Bridget I'm just talking about other
stuff like what I don't know before we
get to Grandpa's house I wanted to do a
little taste testing for you guys I
really wanted to do for a long time so I
don't know how many of you guys are
familiar with wrestling but those that
are there is a faction and evidently
called the new day and they put out
their own cereal called bunny Oh buteo
the only cereal we're moving now before
I can try the cereal I need my horn oh
my god
that's right
oh man I feel like a big baby oh oh is
that right
hey okay you guys humble pinnacle 42
folio
I think it's on wrong how's it going to
be
what do you help you hold then what is
wrong if you're a corn horn I feel right
I'm so cute Michael oh that's probably
right you might be right
all right you guys it's hopper pickle
boy see some luteus oh yeah okay all
right right off the bat it's Lucky
Charms
that's right off of that guy that's
lucky charm
we got up I'm gonna pour this up I feel
you eating for two why I'm just making a
pregnancy joke do you think you're
pregnant
hello do you think I don't think you're
pregnant babe okay here we go guys
let me try music miss the first vices
where you grab the ball in my hand
fucking homo but one thought is yes be
my baby
my baby get enough to eat thank god
you're really gonna make me do this
aren't you what you could make you do
this pill boy just tell me why okay
we're going to do this alright you're
going to notice when you watch the vlog
today that at the end of it I found your
little secret what secret my drives get
like that
yeah what is it I don't know me I don't
know the pregnancy test one in that
bathroom
what about them found them okay car
Silvana tell me no yeah always acting so
weird today
what does that mean weird even acting
really strange and your thing I mean -
yeah I was trying to get out I need
pregnancy joke I was trying to get it
out of you see if you would admit it
I even guys even off camera I was a
cambridge she gave me tasks lately I
need a test tag that's what that was
about
Michael I'm not how do you know why do
you has the pregnancy test
it's like you didn't tell me then
Michael I got the test because I was
late but then I'm not so that was a
month ago sweetie you were still late I
was late you know before and now I'm not
so I don't need them are you guys we're
taking a pregnancy test
nice and it's stupid Bridget we're
taking the time no and what are you
hiding from me
alright I'm gonna take the damn test and
I want apology you want called your boy
you hid it from me if I stay for you
you're pregnant
no I'm not the door I think I think I am
the water
I'm not buying few things on the
business you're being a bit
yes this place of test emotion I will
paint the test but Michael I'm not I got
banned because it's out of plate but I'm
not it so alright you guys we are taking
a pregnancy test right now here we go
folks
he ridiculous why my watching PAA what
what spilling no why can't I because
you're gonna probably be filming and
you're not doing that I'm not gonna film
okay you can watch me that guys this is
my thumbnail option here we go again
you're sick
one thing about this I thought not
you might be Michael and you have the
test if I am then I don't know what this
guy can we go folks
answer time we'll be back I won't film
that you said yeah you're fucking me out
here do not send what are you doing
I got pants on I'll fill the wall yes ah
got by all right here we go
what does two lines mean like a setup
what ah I guess you're not I'm not and I
told you - Oh camera just kiss my
thumbnail isn't as good here's breakfast
with it and I still stick you're sick
I'm happy well god I 5 I'm sorry I don't
mean that I thought you might have been
pregnant well one day one day we're
going to make a lot of babies a lot
Gundlach sweetie when your endeavors how
many views one two I were three I'll
settle it three but that's not why I do
130 I don't want to avoid dammit one
line save I promise one day and I will
tell you of
don't do that again it's because I'm
sorry I thought the last night I was
scared now I can upload the vlog from
yesterday all right you guys we're
meeting Charlie not my brother Charlie
he's a family friend he's got the durian
for us we're heading over to Grandpa's
house right now let's see if this
thing's disgusting
you messed up dude you're sick my god
Michael that was so great give me a
second a big composure yes me too
it feels so nice to be away from the bad
guys whoa holy I smell it though
seriously I think I kind of smell it
some of it splattered on me guys I told
you to click like if you wanted me to
give grandpa a durian fruit that's not
what we did that video is going up
tomorrow I do I smell it is it honors do
we need to change your clothes and take
a shower obably but I'm not gonna so
anyway my cool guys look like if you're
excited if you're gonna check it out
tomorrow oh my gosh durian fruit versus
anger ground oh it's so girl
the other reason I'm not showing any
footage from we were just in Grandpa's
house right now is because of how
disgusting it is and I don't want to
you'll see tomorrow
Gribble and apeshit guys like everyone
threw up like it was so gross but also
of like that yeah it is so rough so
anyway we're going home I'm getting away
from the smell yeah oh my god
by durian fruit house yeah a lie really
dirty and for like that every time you
go I hope not
well like a mixture between fart and
he's drumming bark it smells like the
flu once the flu okay so whenever you're
like shitting your pants and throwing up
yeah sourness it smells like the flu Oh
why'd you tell me that good there's like
a smell in the air in a house filled
with people the flu that's the smell
guys we're going home yes well that's
going to be it for today guys thanks for
watching
Bridget I guess I owe you an apology
it's okay and you know I would
definitely tell you what you yes I
why would I hide that from you guys I
was gonna tell her at the end of the
vlog yesterday I was like you know what
let me just see if she'll tell me and I
thought you were hiding it that's what I
was trying to do I don't know if you
guys can tell but the whole vlog I was
just trying to get Bridget to admit it I
definitely weren't like seven kids what
yeah that's what I meant by aw I don't
really want three I want like seven to
fifteen okay
Octomom so anyway I'm gonna get out of
here thanks for watching you guys
better be damn good I do want ten okay
no let's get cracking now so anyway I'm
going to get out of here thanks for
watching remember tomorrow angry grandpa
versus the durian fruit and I promise
you don't want to miss it the sword
comes out what I do not still smell like
durian they'll take off the shore
taxable Wow do you guys smell it the flu
stop it like
number one like drive safely
burn everything to us and that's hellas
you guys stole my damn bees buggery and
he wrecked my soul out
