what's going on you guys Kevin Owens
behind the camera here to do anything
Yeah right there and today and Monday
today is Monday and today we're going to
give grandpa a break he's been getting
tired of us coming over every day he
hates us
yeah I usually look the main reason
giving him a break is going to try
calling them and he ignored me so I
called Warren and she said he's avoiding
my call
so dad you want to break I'll give it to
you sick of us guys grandpa hates us
yeah like it doesn't love us I don't say
it dad you like you'll love me okay
that's a joke obviously I love you man
so we were going to do a durian fruit
video today but we can't find the fruit
we thought we had it they didn't have
any so we're not doing that today
hopefully Wednesday click like you're
still excited for it not to mention we
did have it dad doesn't want to see us
so we can't do the durian fruit video
today
maybe maybe tomorrow or sometime this
week if it stinks as bad as people say
that it does Charlie's going to be
involved in yeah you too
you putress disturbing yeah I'm going to
be mad at the strumming I mean I want to
say it's one of the world's melia spewed
are you serious so it smells just as bad
as you guys a durian it looks like a
round porcupine and it smells like ass
so that's what we got going on pretty
soon we want to open it and dad's house
I want to gross out charlie but anyway
today's Monday we're staying home we got
nothing going on ray get his money
started I'm ready let's do this yeah
you're recording yes so did you just say
what I think you said is that going to
go probably probably so I could say
anything and you said it ah did you say
that the durian fruit smell almost as
bad as me did you guys catch that
so I smell you don't know what a durian
smells like are you going I'm kidding I
don't even it just oh okay right now
it's definitely a joke is it mmm-hmm I
don't buy it
Oh say you think you smell like that
nothing you smell like that
you smell like to start
hey good getting Bridget smells just
like the struming you're just taking my
joke
Bridget's mother Lisa strumming I just
came out with that joke God oh are you
guys right now
Bridget is taking a shower only Oh
revenge for calling me stinky thing I
smell as bad as a durian fruit so I'm
for some half-and-half owner in the
shower haven't done shower pranks lately
I'm clicking ever this house so shower
prank on half and half is it a week
prank maybe
is it hard to wash off yeah half and
half sug let's get ready for this
oh my god is it all you other of them
hit your nuts with it half of that Wow
yeah oh my god you have to have
everywhere get out sweet you guys come
back out oh my gosh oh my gosh
was it worth it I don't know yeah
fucking stop my hat
fuck you fucking oh you're in a shower
we're all pretty still oh you've got it
everywhere no more when or shower prank
yeah yeah that's because you'd always
shower the glass one because what you're
up here now please oh yeah clean it up
first of all say thank you temper fixing
this upstairs shower because without it
there would be no shower prank Thank You
Kim
you know you were to leave I want you to
clean the shit out and then leave
I went over to clean it with there could
be a talent boiler yeah yeah yeah no
right yeah all right I'm not sorry
though
well I tried you guys I'll be doing
anything else
what get out I am leaving right now
power I'm leaving right now thank you I
don't try it yeah okay I'll go all right
all right I'm sorry please don't bring
me back just apologize okay oh I think
for Shawn Michaels his career is over
don't get down good job have an
out-of-body experience I've never
experienced nothing like this before
folks oh my god when Shawn Michaels is
down Shawn Michaels does not get enough
oh my don't give me where the time can
Karen I was loser tonight
one two ladies and gentlemen wait a
minute so layman Brooke let's just push
and pull him into the ring in a
wheelchair ladies and gentlemen while
these two may be putting on a match for
your entertainment my Bruce there's
looking for a title match himself so if
the authority would oblige brocklander
would like to Lucas horrible threat that
right oh my god yes we can use it shall
is done we don't work
wait a minute is this is illegal is this
a political hello hey walk it into
Walmart just up for dinner
oh I think like chicken-fried grab a
fried chicken hoof mashing Haven at Fame
letter original slowly
what that's good
hey Bridget hold on let me call you back
like 30 minutes virgins like walking up
without me
all right let me do
call me bitch we're going to find out
right now that was legal well hold on a
dam or someplace
what a fucking simple white god what are
you wearing what are you being Kevin
always stopping I don't want this film
we're not running it I'm sorry being
you're not going we're so cute you're
not filming it I found your little toy
what I have to go get it is paper-thin
forget seriously damn I'm sorry
one's walking uh like for men Cleo are
you fucking joking yeah I was recording
for like four minutes thank you they
footage now I put it now is the foot
Adele footage I said no to my parents no
it's cute Bridget I want everyone to see
you playing with toy we agreed that we
wouldn't do that anymore we also agreed
no shower pranks Oh broke okay you win
okay what are we getting from mom artist
you know nor that - yeah that's rigid
fun okay you went and humiliated that's
the end okay
I won't use the footage where I add it
today's vlog so now I'll at it no I'll
do it you edited the last few it's my
turn now I'm going to do it I don't
think you'll add this
I won't you're right dad I'm gonna edit
something why don't you feel doom
humiliated right only doing I sound like
you playing with your dolls they're not
dull bracken figure first of all no
they're dolls no they're not and they're
so cute you can't show me in the bowl of
Tim I played a lot
so we're walking to the Walmart yeah
you're so cute you're wearing your Kevin
Owens shirt Kevin Owens short Bridget
okay are you being Kevin Oh am I just
like the guy okay I leave it out but I
put this the one I think you kind of
look like him you have to stopped it
like a little bit you have to stop guys
let's do a comparison I saw that
Cavanaugh is holding a giant dumbfuck
take your glasses off I think you look
like Kevin otherwise go a little bit
people going to tweet this to him he
fucking roasts people go get roast we
didn't stop behind her and was that Paul
burnsy backstage or something and I got
a seed have it onto his face I didn't
know ever in office coming out of the
pen one that would be so embarrassing
yeah guys backstage at SummerSlam last
year I knocked in the Kevin Owens we
drop that damn phone on the ground so he
probably know that that fucking asshole
to drop my phone over there
what would be nice at least he was very
nice is very cool and you're probably ok
but what or a knock the fucking scare me
somebody fucking he nobody's was to come
today
look out that window
I love it ok you sumbitch Hey
the mail
Oh Sanel but I'll see if she waiting on
us
yeah good something on the back I don't
know sign nothing why don't you work I
don't know what is it we're visual
pieces boxes we got a dude suck through
this room baby it's my room will do
nothing with it well do something with
this room baby will do something with it
when you're pregnant again Michael again
I'm talking about last how we thought
you were pregnant
oh god just stand right here is she
from Daddy or 500 that's for your dad
yeah yeah
she sent me care package Daniel I think
grandpa's care package we'll give it to
him in a couple days
oh yeah that's very cool that'll work
back Shawn Michaels has just been
informed but he shouldn't be losing his
title well he will get a shot right now
forget Brock Lesnar oh my do you think
you I want to text a beetle Bruce
oh my god Shawn Michaels you agreed I'm
sorry I lied
was it cookie this is so embarrassing my
people thought I was done with all this
B if you like your dolls toys action
pictures they're not dull any like Kevin
Owens don't be ashamed bumble bitch it's
okay I'm a himself ugly or ruffle any
weekend quickly brings this up and Mac
okay then I'll be all right
you happy it seems like a nice guy
you'll be okay can't get out dude what
the point of it well that's gonna be it
for today you guys thanks for watching
thanks for watching guys why did you do
that to me why do you ask me I think
mine was more embarrassing I'll do half
and half on you you film me playing on
my wrestlers like ten minutes yes I
scream and I look like a bitch I scream
I look like a bitch what are you talking
about I've got Paul Heyman in a
wheelchair
coming to the ring like fucking matches
okay that's a little Ross guys holy
tribe we agreed no admittedly it's off
now I'm free to some whatever I want any
time you better shower the glass shower
every time because every time you're up
in that shower I'm coming in with
something that's how it might be bleach
you son of a bitch UNC that you talk
with it you got so serious for a minute
she was like you son of a bitch
oh come on get another one you rich Oh
grody oh just because you don't have one
no more nope you know I'm gonna get out
of here thanks for watching you guys
I got schooled I can't believe I got
call you're just trying to like overplay
yours you don't mind what's the worst
one you know I'm freaking the more
humiliated party here okay you got me
real good okay I'm giving it to you you
win is what what is well I don't know
I'm just
what is it I don't know it looks totally
swollen though did you get that by a peg
quit fuckin around you better tell me
what this is on my arm anyway I'm going
to get out of here thanks for watching
can't believe you frickin busted be
doing that I'm gonna get out of here
we took organize your toy room I won't
talk about toy room they're action
figures
you're so like subscribe big more
everything's done about I love you guys
so much
she got me I know you thought the blog
was over I thought the vlog was over it
is over in a second but I'll come into
the bathroom I look down
more pregnancy tests we haven't talked
about this since the last time does she
think she's pregnant again are these old
I haven't seen here we got to talk
