got presents for the girls from them
they're going to love these also these
later shadows on your video yeah nope
anything not too much I'm always on your
shit and then whenever we're just
sitting and we're talking like I don't
want to do I don't want to interrupt
family time like we're actually enjoying
ourselves talking and shit all together
I don't want to like guys give me a
favor click like if you think Kim should
upload more videos because she doesn't
ever ever I need you have mom there you
can film with her she got this little
hat that I got for Lily cheese that's
gonna be really happy clear that that's
awesome
she's going to be really happy just her
size fit everything in here ready to go
on air plenty oh I'm not ready to go on
an airplane but I'm going on an airplane
I'm glad everything went long dad move
on whoops like where is that is he go
stop by and say goodbye are we going
over there I think he kind of thought
we're over here good I think he said
honey let's be sooner I think it's got
an hour ago any texted me and instead
about an hour now so he's trying to be
her soon you know dad oh yeah anything
did you see when you were putting the
air mattress out so the first night I
have to I recorded it then yeah that's
amazing goes over the first night I was
here I went in the closet to put my bag
away and I found that yeah was to Lily
from ball to ball to Louis amazing right
like I was so touched by that it's like
such a surprise you know so now I miss
my baby and I'm really ready to see them
but you know you guys she didn't want to
be here anymore
we gave her the option stay another day
and she said go fuck ourselves that's
nice
if that did not happen I have to get
back you got to get to my girl hey
you're coming back
well Yui that's a surprise guys she's
never coming back
what's going on you guys kicked me on a
camera here Tim Alief right here but do
us here right there and today Kimberly's
going home it was a good trip hey I'm
really glad ok yeah I know we shocked
you guys with that you had no clue they
had no idea was me we got you all I
wonder what would you think definitely
I got Bridget sue she had no I had no
idea it was her brenda has no idea why
we were even at the airport we took it
up some guy named Jeff daughter kids it
is on the stroke dad no idea it was like
I woke up that morning I was like whoa
where am I ha ha Michael had no idea
either we just kind of I was like what
are we doing at the airport right now
first look like I don't know who Jeff so
what you play and it was messy because I
got sure like it's like what are the
odds you know I hope you guys know we're
joking right
Kim didn't have the idea but I do guys
we got cupcakes that's all that that's
the only reason I'm recording this right
now so let you know I got a blueberry
cupcake not a muffin it's a cupcake I'm
try it yeah and have a whole bunch so
like icing robot took it off wasps boy
we got some last night they were not
moist yes so this whole thing that's a
goth so there's no one primer and Roy
sure that it was it tastes like it's
good aunt is like an old one and snack
I'll be honest I thought she was the old
woman snack
if you're over smash to you I'm not you
know the point you can't eat this yeah
okay they're giving me shit off camera
because I what why would she say old
woman Matt yeah or smash that's really
like berating me for it Bridget the way
you said it you think it tastes like an
old woman
Matt how would I know is that taste like
Michael you could smack the way you said
it
how about feeling it seems like a smack
from an old lady like no I don't know
but it tastes like an old woman smack
what a smack made from an old lady I got
them get it like I don't ask that old
lady woody yeah like why mint flavored
shit like that like ribbon candy yeah an
apricot bars right in lemon cupcake okay
but it's just weird it tastes like an
old woman's mag okay I guess it does
work I'm stupid
you take a glob yeah yes I do I take it
out the house and leave it on the board
okay thankfully she leaves Thank You me
you take the garbage - yeah I got you
one more time well I'm glad you come
down from surgery I'm glad you're doing
better I hope you continue to do better
use some sunscreen happy to be here for
you go jogging oh yeah lucky dog Oh
bitch I hurt you
sorry never safe trip that no he hurt me
last night which was arm around me oh
sorry I apologize about letting that go
I let that go yeah take care love you I
love you babe mm-hmm we say hug kiss
want me around
bye Michael I'm not turning the camera
off yet let me turn the camera off I'm
recording what of your car Oh Bob
Bridget hi we're calling it my windows
more later originally you notice I said
bye to me yeah what little birds would
you know how easy' knows how he said bye
to five Bridget
I'll miss you darling Oh
that better that's much better she
really do it give it's a joke yeah I
don't care
it's a joke old camera but off camera I
got that everywhere oh damn well I'll be
imagining stuff better now
okay so how you guys look so much
grounder how are you feeling today I
feel good huh you know this make a thing
called a fucking you put water in and
you Kelly
wash it real good well actually do you
know what my idea was because it rained
this morning right well I was like I
should have backed the cars out yeah
I would have taken care of it VIN gates
here the Carmichael won't let what's
funny is uh I wrote out role in the car
but not before misspelling it down here
what's out show me I was telling Burton
we need to tell the outro I'm tell
Bridget we need to do the outro to our
vlog and so I wrote it here and miss
Bella they all made fun of me please
father often the outro looking at
bridges
I know I look husband Clint have enough
I gotta go do the Oh what what o'clock I
didn't say anything nothing the ALF your
outro it's not a fart let's all
forgetting himself no come on I was a
row and won't come on there's no what he
did to you putting his arm around me the
outer yeah you don't blow you really
think with no purpose don't you you
won't see my jump
how do you know right boy
well that thanks for stopping by I had
to come to a Kim bye Kim
thanks for being here of course your see
just go a little more with you but we're
taking on the airport soon well that's
right but she'll be back
nobody gets sad she's coming back in
July love now you've ruined this
so we can't do it again no we'll still
do it I'm super cold
guys what does that mean nothing you try
to apply something else going to happen
no don't know just means that if you
need me call me all about that were mad
we're telling you guys now Kim coming
back in July and then act like it's a
big surprise cut you'll see yeah we'll
go to cowboys next huh
oh yeah Kyle wants the cowboys it's not
good at all no but it's like the place
we went to in Philly right with the meat
well go to charity yeah
yeah that place is good it was good well
I gotta run lucky baby you say you're
here for your the girl x-15 eyebrows
it's fine right as it was normally Mike
I will
careful I'm always kidding oh god damn
it always careful until now I heard when
you stretch my bad to get in yeah bye
love you love you Bobby
hey Dad roll down your window you you do
know they make a thing called a bucket
yeah I know right and you can put soap
and water in they also make car washes
to hide true I run mine through the car
wash once a week all we've got a
response was up the dungeon always cover
the lens up by
aha just like that that mysteriously as
he had arrived he was gone
what's that often come the office dad
the cars but dad love you I'm glad I was
able to be here and thank you Michael
Bridget hospitality is always awesome um
dad yo they bitched about you every
night that's true when you were gone
that's nice not really hate it but Dad I
do love you thank you so much take care
of yourself put sunscreen on Lauren take
care of his back and thank him take care
of our garbage all right you hope it
landed okay yeah there's more voila if
you really want mr. president you'll
pick it up
hi I'm Nadia I gotta go pick this up bye
oh my god so a bomb yeah I do
oh no oh you gotta get on the place I
apologize okay oh my god I gotta find a
way to fill this bra look at this all
right Derek nice nice
no I don't even like this crap I have
you got to get on a plane and I'm now
covered and peppy got her well we'll see
cuz if we're talking about maybe ruffle
and silly
here we go
cool you should have helped your sister
maybe maybe maybe not
welcome yummy good BBC we're going to
the airport and I'm off Kim will be
leaving on a plane don't know I'll be
back
July I mean we don't know hi
by the way you guys I know the lyrics
are leaving gone a jet plane but people
would be like you shutting down without
wise because I said plane anyway hey
wait a minute don't you want in the
front no I'm okay are you sure I'm
positive that's awesome okay I should
really design I'm all right II thought I
said I might really awesome it's brutal
well we just got to the airport
dropping Kim off right here person
thank you here we go what time do you
get home oh five five yeah long flight
oh yeah I got it sorry
haha hey you better for care right now
GG we carry around the airport Oh Kim it
was great having you thanks for having
me
reject Oh more home i'll be--i'll be gay
thanks rose did you see that of course
where do you want to look at love you
thanks for everything I appreciate it
thanks for everything you do for Michael
which is nothing yeah you guys but I'll
text you in five minutes it's a boy a
different place will Kim gone that's the
truth you know it it's always more fun
cancer so where's your layover in
Atlanta and like yeah we'll get this
it's like 45 minutes or so
oh my god I hope it's not on the other
side are all my guys I never been to the
Atlanta Airport but it is enormous I
think I had when I go to Orlando Bridge
a better like a four-hour layover I'm
seriously hoping I'm relatively close
there because last time I was in Atlanta
I had to run across the entire Airport
it took me about 45 minutes
well I don't know when we'll see you
again
not to not sure why that's correctly not
to lie so the in July I don't know when
we'll see you though not to lie I not
July and see until I love you in Hawaii
in Josh no Idaho bar see you soon cannot
collide not July for you Raja life force
weekend for your birthday
no not at all not at all
that's not he's gonna ever all right
we're trying to bomb why am I covered
limbs I'm you walking away crap back out
well Kimberly I'm a big boy okay
and just like that as mysteriously as
she arrived
you're not fat again are you Oh Brits
every talking Ritchie does not do
goodbyes very well shit back in July I
mean
hey keep using you were very good
