what's going on you guys keep be on a
camera here it does he yeah right there
and today is fight today is Friday and
today to celebrate grandpa successful
surgery and I know we have a road ahead
of us but the most important part is
done what something on my face
she's it lighting uh
what what the hell you know
I'm looking at lighting let's just stop
to celebrate grandpa surgery we're
taking him to halt Chop House tonight
Kimmy's never been before I'm so excited
I'm so excited I'm so weird bust out
people so anyway today I don't mean from
drugs the tankards know people think I
fucked up I don't do drugs so anyway
today is Friday and today we're taking
grandpa the halls Chop House you excited
I'm really excited what are you gonna
order
I am definitely going for a New York
Strip I'm going to cost you a lot of
money tonight I want to I do details
well you want those its interstate get
the tomahawk rib eye I take 100 bucks or
the Wagyu beef however the way goobie
they will not cook your temperature
preference yeah that's not going to
happen though I don't think they'll do
that well done to like I tried before I
was like hanging a medium well you're
like you sure so probably not yeah I'm
definitely not eating that then if they
can't be well-done there should be no
pain Kim needs her steak to be leather
so made into a belt at a later down so
anyway we're getting this friday started
bridget cover this one are you recording
yes dad is gonna be so happy
alright ready for this yes gessie just
followed me on twitter and then the end
me hello
checkers are you steering the burger
chain why oh my god that's insane
checkers just wrote me and followed me
they want to send grand
hot food for his recovery guys very cool
do me a favor
tweet Chester same simple hooking up
anger grandpa that is amazing
I can't wait to tell her you know oh
he's going to be fun
that's so cool though checkers you guys
are bad we love your burgers they still
didn't ask for this by the way but they
are giving us free food but still
reserved the right to say it's
disgusting if we want but they probably
won't because it's great thank you so
much checker seriously tweet them you
guys tell them thank you for making
grandpa so happy all right yeah here's
your steak let me get that steak ciao
chop it up just like you asked right pop
don't you wear well I'll chop up my lime
not going the halls chopper to bad to go
me anything mister said earlier my back
huh don't you understand that man you
can call it you call it learning more
these are gone so I write bullshit so I
may have a bad hurt I don't wanna go why
don't we write a file so my back is
hurting you know I did have surgery I
did have choking okay I was just gonna
say hi so you know go home no I'm not
going to hold fuck can you have to do
all this I don't want to go okay
why you had to say all I saw her it's
good food I just popped back angle let
me sit there
well I'm not gonna give me good news
forget it well good news you don't eat
it you'll get it
what did I know you let go until okay
guess who reached out what's up you who
Shepherd the burger place no I there you
gonna just run your down they want to
talk to you all right
checkers as crate they reached out they
said they want to talk to you they're
gonna send you some stuff we want you to
talk to them well you use me Baron is
what I got don't go ah yes the general
manager the guy already reached out to
you yeah I just gave the number it's
crazy you get it I never yes the holy
locale checkers what I never gave you
the time no you see it don't call him
back he doesn't mean he told me his name
his name is James
he's a nice thought she lives in the
area he really really appreciated us
what we talk about checkers
I believe if you got to go sandwich you
got your sandwich they do hey you prove
me wrong yeah they're really good by the
way you guys do not pay us to do this
no tells up I would take the money here
we go from good sandwich it's good
anyway then we'll just try the rocket
pods as they are off the chain so gonna
be hard to top the Taco Bell out the
primary I don't know have you tried
talking with my talk a bill sucks no a
st. John's talk to Bill so why I suppose
the main that really doesn't hey socko
by hate totally love them i would ii do
think they serve me well I know you like
checkers with tonight you're eating pulp
shop I'm not going on okay I'm sorry
you're not going you're not gonna I'm
not one woman will get Charles to go yes
what do you don't want to go what Oh dad
please calm down
how do babies mamas get Charlie you look
at all okay you want me to bring you
back one yeah New York Strip yeah your
boy takes me out of the cage loaded or
regular okay both okay
you mean a baton table whatever you
homogeneous you New York strip down yeah
we get anybody got another way what does
Lauren one I know I know
she thought we don't want to go she
needs better you attacked her bad
you go okay you wrote me that y'all
gonna be flying right war let's go kick
her out
cookie drop I'll give ya da well and
then she's gonna Honda's are good at my
bullshit really want ease up
she's busy Jesus Lightyear no doubt she
stays his dog out she's not getting
kicked out what does all this tell me
here please give me dumb gable thrown
Lego you do it again thrown puzzle Wow
here are long and stuff like they're
relating important know one finger not
smart Rahul is good then it's on Jimmy
I'm really proud for sticking to this he
missing I can give you a little hey
Jenny demand checkers they want to give
us three silver one night yeah that's
long you guys hey let the fur jackers I
didn't answer my friend of Jimmy why do
you really think he was ugly one thing
that we all believed to lose right next
time just feel bad commercials Wednesday
that is their own hey on it you proved
wrong Chang is yeah they really are
really good okay then I was like we're
doing no you're not done not come for
Allah we decide to come here please
alright going all chop out here we go
you're sure as long you don't know
either you you listen I know you see her
dying right now Lauren do you want to
come to home
Takeo guys turn up shit don't let the
door hit you the motherfuckin ass all
the way out great for all bratty ways
just hold on man what she just don't
rook marmorated you gotta stop throwing
her out you have too much fun it would
be natural but it's just a haha
please don't you come no whenever you
are like man yeah haha you were in a
good mood today
I know a minute ago you were dancing do
the dance again what why are you doing
this yeah just do the who's the can side
here you like hell shit this is the
background we get on top can i goddamn
talk I didn't have to use dressers
Thompson I'm alright but back hurts like
hell but I seem to have a little more
energy Wow hey I got into just all right
oh wow let's go Iron Man Wow
good night I'm gonna give you all night
yeah 60 minutes man 60 Minute Man I'm a
sushi mini team in a long time I got you
yeah I got up a giant
right now we're at all chopped up and
yeah clearly yeah my where are you
didn't come but you don't get to don't
either we bring them food oh yeah you
want steak Subway's open the chocolate
up one breast
the familiar okay so we right now being
camera going to feed the parking meter
and dude I just had a George Costanza
moment so before we left there's some
guys playing there's a guy playing the
saxophone there's another guy okay with
pitchers at work now I wanted to be nice
and give the guy a $20 bill and as I
cost the money into his little jar
he closed his eyes are playing the
saxophone oh and he didn't see it so
seriously Bridget
I'm sitting there I was like should I
take it back yeah it's like the sign on
the Seinfeld moment where he's look
where he goes to take the pit back
breaches in just so you can see it's
done yeah yeah like I was planning for
that 20 it just appear there came from
me
yeah no anyway when a car one layer
dinner
yeah
please okay they just got done putting
all the food on the table I gotta turn
it this is insane I know I've already
taken so many pictures holder I'm giving
you like four hi there we go that is
Charlie play baby she's gonna get hurt
wow there's a lot happen here wow look
at how my god
Wow Charlie this is your idea of the
price right I am oh come on in crap
triforium things boy even trouble for us
now you didn't pay for truck
was only trophy now bad we got to lie
we just got her deserted holding a
little alcohol in it they left a message
for Dad
okay
get well soon angry grandpa is social
now let's all distribute these delicious
here we go yeah we all had a moment
there good right
yeah
now we're going to cupcake and we just
got done eating the hunger never end
meanwhile the face continues okay now oh
yeah too much soul shake now we got to a
New York Strip too loaded baked potatoes
creamed corn
and by now that when they brought us to
the desert it's just like alcoholic
great first show that racial wins with
the drink bonus so you got this instead
of you can see the stead of something
warm d'etre
yeah well gonna keep a raspberry they
wrote given to an anger grandpa see you
soon
Internet Oh awesome oh very soft that's
cool yeah so what they want you to come
oh you got it they've done this you have
to come to haul chop hop now I will
click like if you don't grow into the
hall chop now what do you need to walk
in Boone up any of that I know I know
that so we'll see those the food shall
we corn thank you see all that damn
pepper jack cream corn well that is like
your Baker I've never seen these on the
side that's really do that New York
Strip boy damn medium well do you know
you want to well done
not good medium there's some uh loss and
I we get a lobster mac that's it doesn't
regular man if I thought it was mac and
cheese cool yeah mom we could can you
still do it
you all should get my steak you can have
it so right now we're about to leave
grandpa's house we got plenty to eat I'm
going to you're gonna eat up here yeah
I'm hungry
well how about that the butter and the
sour appetite is gonna be rockin I love
Jesus man yeah you do
so Paul Chophouse hooked it up they had
give a great message to you sweet taters
yeah I like the mess that was cool that
was very good it was so nice of them to
do that it was how's your back feeling
hurts like a bitch no not that bad but
really yeah so if I slap you them on to
you yeah you will wall got out I so
freely if you have ads yeah haha city
you want slap on the back of your foot
no she don't do it well next time you
gotta come oh they time we go I'm going
cool you guys grandpa just promised he's
going to hop I'm gone shit I with you
Paul's you accepted just kidding I'm
just filming just to do it some meal
together I can get on the gun image and
I'm sorry
it was and I swear to God gentlemen
Armour my dad however early shoulder
bitch haha
