what's going on you guys kid behind the
camera here Brigitte West not here
because she is asleep and you guys I
just woke up at 7 o'clock in the morning
and it's foggy as all hell
dude I'm starting to feel like like the
Stephen King movie the mist like I'm
waiting for it to roll in and it'd
be like coming out of it and uh this is
actually kind of creepy guys I am up mad
early because I gotta go do stuff with
Jennifer today there's you know after
grandpa passed there was a whole lot of
legal stuff that had to be done and
there was just a lot of stuff that was
going on and today I'm finally going
with Jennifer we're going to a lawyer's
office and we're gonna finally square a
lot of that stuff away so I gotta be up
like way earlier than I expected and who
knew and when I got up I was gonna see
like horrifying mist like I never see
this it was it's actually kind of cool
usually we can see the street from right
over there I can't even see it anymore
anyway today is Tuesday and today I'm up
real early way too early
super early I'm you know Jenny do it on
your own I'm going by the bed good night
you guys see in a couple hours not
really actually want to take a minute to
say thank you guys for helping see you
soon reach 1 million views guys if you
haven't seen this music video go check
it out it means a lot to me it's amazing
that you guys have wanted to seat a
million times it's moving I'd never
thought it would reach a million views
so thank you guys so much
doors unlock would have been nice good
morning
it's too early for this
you-you-you need taught this early dude
I feel like we're venturing into sea
like a giant monster what is going on
here
yeah it's exactly what this is please
not right just I'm not used to riding in
the car with you I can't help it look at
my - it says my brake is on book know
why it says park brake engaged oh we're
gonna die dude Oh God oh I get scared
all right we're all right so far we
survived for this future but yeah what
does that mean
dang it can't see bro that school bus
just disappeared into the mist man don't
even joke like that alright guys I don't
know what's going on today I'll be back
home as soon as possible if I make it
one alley later we're back home guys I
think I'm going back to bed huh oh you
got it okay there you go ahead it's
hilarious I'm not shutting him all right
okay bye
are you guys
we are already done just like that a
couple of signatures and I'm going back
to bed
perfect Oh Jennifer you drive crazily I
had to turn off the camera you guys I
was very afraid she drives like dad
which means she has no regard for the
speed limit which means enjoy your
speeding ticket and just like that as
mysteriously watching you watch me fail
Brooke get off my property what is this
look okay I'm zoomed in to my face I'm
going to bed
what are you doing
yeah okay I don't trust that face okay I
can't even see it anymore all right now
I'm going to bed okay I'm tired it's
only like 9 o'clock in the morning I'm
not used to waking up this early good
night see in a couple hours and by the
way update the mist never went away
seriously the monsters are lurking four
to six days late l okay guys you have to
see it Oh Michael sleeping right babe
but why is he on the floor babe
get out babe what are you doing on the
floor hey get up
I think I think I might know a way to
get him up babe
you're crapping your parents oh my god
Oh Michael get on get up what are you
doing you're scaring me up you're
crapping your pants get up oh he kind of
chill come on come on get up I'm trying
to wake you up
why are you on the floor you're scaring
me Oh Thomason's it's like two 2:27 yeah
get up dude okay I'm awake okay
get up please I've got up I stayed up
pretty much all night
really there's no I guess it's off I'm
on the floor because it was hot last
night it was cooled down here well get
up now hey get up
why are you gonna blanket you kept your
pants by the way
okay yeah you cut your pants I'm serious
funnier me
you seriously crapped yourself okay no
get up you scared me why I can't sleep
no you weren't waking up I thought you
like slip into a coma what that's funny
to be it's not very funny I'm up I'm up
guys if you're wondering why this vlog
is going up in like midnight I don't
know what time what's going on man it is
because I woke up super late I stayed up
pretty much all night slept like an hour
did the lawyer stuff with Jennifer
checked out the mist the fog came home
and with the bed like it was totally
foggy like it was crazy
I've logged it can I talk came home I
passed out in my clothes and then slept
on the floor okay hello today is Tuesday
sitting here going down the list of
people who reacted to my music video
right now because I want to give some of
them a shout out number one and number
two give you guys the opportunity for
that shout out to so I'm just going
through everything and there's so many
like I can't believe how many people
reacted to this Wow man it's really
moving and I'm sure some of them are
trashing the Ellen on who someone like
oh he folks but still there's a lot of
what is this guy Skippy the evil clown
I'll definitely have to check that one
out I want to give you guys the
opportunity for the same shadow so what
I want you to do is if you know how to
do a reaction video react to my music
video see you soon you guys you have my
permission to do it
I love people's reactions I love seeing
how other people are moved by and
guys if you want to do reaction video
you have my full permission to do it I'm
gonna like I'm gonna go over the list
and I'm gonna look at a lot of you guys
and I'm gonna start following or like
commenting or reacting myself to URI I
don't know what I'm gonna do yet I just
want you guys to start doing it so react
to see you soon I'm gonna check it out
and I'm gonna start looking and
responding to the best ones guys keep it
up this is amazing the views have gone
up it's still charting on iTunes and
it's all because of you guys we're
actually gonna be getting out of here in
just a few minutes you guys but before
we do I actually wanted to do an
impromptu throwback story now I realize
that's not Thursday but you know
Bridgette waking me up on the floor
actually reminded me of something that
happened when I was a kid and I wanted
to tell the story because it's really
funny and I can't believe it slipped my
mind I totally forgot about this so I
was really young I don't remember how
old I was I was really young and I
learned about Lavinia Fisher now if you
don't know who Lavinia Fisher is she was
America's one of America's first like
female serial killers she was the first
woman in America to be sentenced to
death and the story is she ran a
bed-and-breakfast here in Charleston or
like cottage villa I care it's here in
South Carolina and she ran a
bed-and-breakfast him in the
bed-and-breakfast
she would kill people now one of the
guys that stayed in the
bed-and-breakfast was starting to get
like really like concerned with the
question she was asking like she was
like oh do you have any family does
anybody know you're here and he was
scared so instead of sleeping in the bed
he slept beside the door scared all
night and he got awoken in the middle of
the night by a crashing sound and when
he woke up the bed was on hinges and it
led to a pit where they murdered people
and when I heard that as a kid I was
utterly terrified like for some reason I
was scared that that was gonna happen to
me even though I was in my home and I
knew better but I was scared I was young
I was terrified for about two weeks I
decided that I wasn't gonna sleep in the
bed anymore I was done with it my days
of sleeping in a bed were over instead I
decided to sleep next to the door with a
blanket
yeah not a good idea one of the things
that grandpa liked to do when I was a
kid was ask me if I wanted to go places
with him really early in the morning
like four and five and six o'clock in
the morning we'd wake up and we'd go to
the early morning flea market on
Wednesdays and buy like wholesale
clothes or we'd go to a speaker Factory
or we'd go to look at like lots that you
could buy with returned items from
Walmart like there was a lot of stuff
that we like to do we just had to get
there early the earlier you got there
the better stuff you got well one
morning he decided to wake me up and I
was sleeping next to the door now this
was a huge mistake
dad is walking up to my bedroom he's got
a cup of coffee but give it now I'm not
in the bed I'm asleep next to the door
meg get up i trigger next to the door I
wake up I'm screaming grandpa screaming
et was screaming rather than either of
us taking our minds and thinking dad
takes his cup of coffee and throws it in
my face that coffee was hot - man I was
ridiculous guys it was my own fault I
shouldn't have been sleeping next to the
door to begin with what was I thinking
my bed is gonna drop on hinges blight
because we'll if any a fissure did okay
these are my parents they're not trying
to kill me
okay yeah that's the story I decided to
sleep next to the bed bar I started to
sleep next to the door dad tried to wake
it could be uploaded middle of the night
we both scared each other he threw
coffee in my face then it was all
because of Lavinia Fisher guys let's do
this out or I hope you guys enjoyed the
vlog little impromptu you throwback
story let's do this outro well that's
gonna be it for today you guys thanks
for watching I am still exhausted
actually I'm actually pretty tired
myself like worried about to go by to
bed already well but maybe a nap or
something it's like 6 o'clock in the
afternoon you guys it's time for bed
already but thanks for watching
total little throwback Thursday story
even though it's technically Tuesday
throwback Tuesday nothing wrong with
that that does not fall off the tongue
cuz that's awful guys before we get out
of here once again I just want to tell
you guys thank you for
everything you've done for see you soon
if you haven't seen it link below I'm
gonna keep pushing it to a week is up
guys thank you so much for everything
remember
send me your like reaction videos and
I'm gonna like this my beard doesn't
grow oh my god and you have a little
gray hair
I got mange yeah like subscribe favorite
hold on everything for johast
it's not funny I love you guys so much
