what's going on you guys get behind a
camera here video as here right there
and today is Tuesday
today is Tuesday and today I got to say
right off the bat I'm growing a horn so
guys look at this pimple here you are
look at this bro I am waiting for a horn
to sprout out of my skin and I look like
being able it's the only way today is
Tuesday and today I think I'm putting
the same meets you I'm starting to get
one to actually wear the face but yes
what the hell oh I do see it what does
this mean well we were getting matching
horn every bus and we devil there's only
room for one devil in this hell me own
name yeah you are Raging Bitch maybe
your minds way more notice but look at
this it's like a martyr like a hematoma
it is horrifying
look look can we stop doing this today
is Tuesday and today we're going to the
airport to pick up a big surprise yeah
and guys you will not guess what or who
it is nobody's going to be able to guess
what the surprise is but I'm going to
give you the chance to do so we're
playing a guessing game right now good
who do you think the surprise is now I
told you the who that's your only clue
yeah it's a who she is my fit she's okay
none stop clue number one is she's
married she has two daughters and her
name is Kim but it's not know if you
think ham you lose so let me know in the
comments who you think it is we're going
to the airport to pick him up right to
pick him up right now it's not down it's
not guys it's not down it's not not
before we go to the airport I want to
take a minute to give a little shout out
to a small youtube channel I never do
this okay I never like do personal
shoutouts one of the reasons we can't
you shout out because if everybody asked
we'd have no time for anything else but
this guy was really cool we ran into him
at a restaurant he was outside of it and
he talked to it to me wish grandpa luck
when a story tomorrow because that's
tomorrow you guys
and here he is right here he did he gave
us his card
Sarah he rides motorcycles he seemed
like a really nice guy check them out
now let's go to the airport to pick him
up to pick somebody up plays a surprise
up not camp play a guessing game what do
you think it is you're in for a surprise
look at me shocking beyond most shocking
top ten most number one most shocking
moment cuz you're not gonna guess who
this is
yes all right you guys we are almost at
the airport for the big surprise so oh
my gosh they are not on my team you know
Mike I chocolate I'm cutting all that
out we're almost at the airport right
now you guys to the big surprise oh my
gosh and they won't believe they won't
guess that's not gonna guess this Friday
I guess this but her name searches okay
and she's from a state that starts with
n those are the only clues that you get
only look for him
is she over here
then what about no it's not ten guys
it's not Tim from New York that's not it
if that's what you guessed you just lost
the game area it's not ten guys it's not
Kim go down oh oh shit yeah it was like
slow the fuck down Bridget okay I'm
going to get a ticket like why I think
it was camera ah nothing haha we just
got to the Charleston International
Airport okay Kim to website I know she
got here earlier
I don't wait you really like an hour
early which is actually really cool like
good for the flight you know that's like
geez killed
okay you guys who do you think it is
it's not can not cam that's for sure if
you guys have a clue or like an idea let
us know in the comments Kim's all the
way at the end by the baggage claim it's
not Kim go by Kim's better put it out Oh
Kim said the Balkans bad okay all right
guys if you think you know there's
another clue another clue this girl has
two daughters name start with L and eat
and she's married a Kyle no nope
she's married to Kyle is in New York I'm
gonna hit that whoa okay you guys I
don't think you're gonna guess it too
you know there's no chance they'll guess
it I don't know they dropping somebody
off
let her all the way down there's I can I
think that might be care where you at
Kim I'll go to this come on my hand on
the trafficking crap
I'm coming I've been away on this
asshole so I'm call you an asshole sir
now we're going to hit the asshole who's
house idea Oh get out of my way asshole
where's Kim at whereas I can as well you
know you still call an asshole asshole
get out of our way that's the whole
thing
okay guys these guesses Kim it's me it's
him on guys we had to trick you a little
bit we said it wasn't him was sorry
Howie's me yeah nobody's going to like
everyone's going to know they're not
going to like many more she's a stupid
subscribe I'm holy what some surprise
hi now do you know its price 400 yeah
yeah we'll just chill the car
it just fell it was on my bag yeah right
dragging it to the mud okay fine I
brought you Shake Shack Jamboree the
back Kim got freaking shake the back
let's do this I'll help you with your
bag you got it really no you got all
that okay I'm gonna make sure it's in
here okay you can't park here to pick
somebody up
you are hospital in
I had a I realize woman I got a mountain
dew still and I'm like oh what a just I
look and there's like this big thing was
it looks like water on it like different
flavored water in it was medellin had
like a little circle stomach i just said
out loud I was like Oh am I supposed to
dump this in here and the guy behind it
was an old man he was like I don't know
and I just like turned and looked at him
and I was like what was the good thing I
wasn't asking you then you rude old
bastard my either they to dinner they
ripped it off and I had a cape burn it
all the hood yeah they didn't get I had
like God I had cologne and perfume when
I was afraid they were gonna take it
listen up TSA importantly to say to you
please don't do it to me that's right I
know we cool what is that Michael OH
bad dream oh my god you know it looks
more elsewhere brighten it right away to
your camera like on your floor it's
going to be on my life County I'm not
kidding if I draw on you it would be
exorcised or evil whatever oh god it
smells oh my negative stuff in it it's
so easy to Baker throw up guys we're
gonna be doing meow in a second
kimchee imagine in between your fingers
oh you
oh my god oh this is all of your bag why
does that make it water dude you're
joking gross man
why are you following me going well I
want see the room now Bridget why who
could ask a real question
I was gonna ask her was it up here that
she saw that ghostfinger oh yeah was up
here she's all shadow fingers you guys I
swear this is not funny
hey you saw the vlog with that closet
door Donna just shut by itself yeah oh
my god oh hi at the door Wow though oh I
hate all of you you miss your old air
mattress yes what the fuck is out of
that here you go there's no goat oh wow
you guys how to do this man
what is welcome never saw it oh yeah oh
yeah we got that Chuck Burton Chuck he's
in here and real Chuck E is right there
so right now I gotta take this damping
tree
to the part where by yeah I can go to
help me okay me paragraph let's push it
over here what over there yeah Jesus
Jesus what on bacon where drink oh thank
you so my gosh him you're the best for
that are you serious alright I got it
no comment thank you so much not a
problem
thank you our minds will grab a side
that's alright I got about six o'clock
in the morning yesterday with dad so I'm
free nine everyone's please you're right
pinnacle a okay turn since I tricked
into this shit I hope this is a new
thing for you guys
this is heavy treaty last week what the
fuck was that homie look thank you fuck
me
you keep using code we're not a perfect
thing she gonna be here for another week
so you take it next weekend do huh hey
Fergie looking really funny Wyatt we
major take it back to the house tomorrow
yeah oh really
thank you so much yeah no you really got
a Tony we're just something no oh right
right there
Oh a my own industry I will leave it in
the middle don't do that I trust well
that's going to be a terminator guys
thanks for watching I had a pretty good
day
it sounds pretty good day we had our big
surprise which ended up being Tim which
a lot of people obviously guess now you
are a big surprise Kim so anyway what do
you say no for nobody gets that no
nobody could've possibly so anyway we're
going to get out of here thanks for
watching had a pretty good day you guys
very soon grandpa is having surgery so
wish him luck thanks for watching like
subscribe favorite fun everything
because all of Hershey's channel called
the Pratt Pat subscribe to her
we just got mom a car if you want to
hear that story click like and we'll
talk about it that's it
ready guys love you anymore I'm not
making the house right
oh let me do me out for a second sitting
here editing the vlog with you guys to
Saul and Kim just listening to the
section where she was gagging because of
the puke oh today Kim and Charles will
have the worst gag reflex I've ever
witnessed in my life do that guys listen
this is all I'm doing I'm watching the
videos I edited I'm playing it if you
just freaking go crazy there maybe here
- shit well that's going to be it for
today guys thanks for watching I know we
just did an outro but I wanted to do
another one just to speak them something
but I haven't really dealt with yet uh
if you didn't see the vlog we uploaded
yesterday and I mentioned this in the
intro but I just want to talk about this
right now
o --jc went to opportunity school and I
haven't been able to digest that myself
I miss the kids
you know especially you know dad's going
to get his surgery here the next day and
he's not going to be here for it I know
we wanted to be but I also know you know
he needed to go he needed to do this and
I'm so glad for one that he wants to do
it so my days this kid's been through a
lot in his life you know his dad went
out on Emin
a lot of bullshit and sometimes he feels
like he's not loved because so many
people have ran out on him and he's
always had dad shit that he would use
he's always had dad it's a realistic dad
like like a father so it's like his dad
is going through this too not just his
grandfather anyway JC I'll miss you
grandpa
misses you we all miss you go kill it
out there man have a good time learn a
bunch of shit and they come home smarter
than all of us that's what this is all
about man you know pop is going to be
fine we'll see when you get out I Love
You Man this is for you to see when you
get out yeah I cried on camera over you
they'd be happy so anyway I'm going to
get out of here you guys dad is on his
way over here and we're going to discuss
his surgery we got to hide Tim because
she is a surprise to him but you guys I
know it's it's not a big surprise okay
she's always the surprise so anyway I'm
going to get out of here thanks for
watching like subscribe favorite and
that's
