what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here could do anything yeah you
do so like happy today I am happy you
see like really happy I'm very well you
know I got a text from grand holiday
well yeah your dad texted me he said
come over he told me now tell me
off-camera okay he texted you what yeah
he texted me and he said they a surprise
come over and when they tell me you try
to get a hold of you hon we'll see about
that
Oh God my phone turned off dad oh where
I turned it off yeah okay so they're
surprised okay and we have to go over
well okay let's go to bed just a second
okay let's go oh no no I'm not happy no
more you ruined it for me what's going
on you guys get behind the camera here
Bendu eyes here right there and today is
Sunday today is Sunday and today ah you
did while he's filming train of thought
off so anyway we were going to be doing
grandpa trying the SECC pizza
we're out of there no more no the Little
Caesars smokehouse pizza which is like a
piece with barbeque and like barbecue
sauce and pulled pork all kinds of
goodies but we can't do that video today
because I talked to dad this morning and
it's stomachs know it stomachs like
really bothering them and I don't want
to make him eat pizza the stomach's
bothering them so we don't have a main
channel for you a main channel video for
you today yes look I draw thora dad call
texted you and not me yes thanks he
tried to get a hold of you you got a
hold of me instead he has surprise fries
what kind of surprise are we talking I
don't know what it is
he just said come over there's a
surprise you didn't get a Lauren got you
age
don't say that oh my god I'll be pissed
I would be too could I damn engage I'd
be pissed because I wasn't there a
filmic and we would have a video to post
instead of a bit anyway I guess
news to me we're going over to Grandpa's
house there's the prize we'll be back
already we're Horning yes I said not yet
I wonder if I can get ready in position
purse
Michael so bow guys I wanted to be in
position to cover the lens everything so
I'll be serious about that shit
I do you know ever the hide is receipts
all you did and took my soul out of my
body and shit on it on anyway I wanted
to take a minute to tell you guys why I
got mad Michael just really jealous
Bridgette I'm not having a dad so anyway
what did you guys understand why I got
mad at dad was texting Bridgette and not
me I don't want you to think that I'm
like a jealous controlling boy but you
are how did you get out of the shot I'll
record myself pissing me off I want to
do a scene save okay I'm just fucking
with you okay if you juggle you can zip
that right now can I not talk I'm sorry
can I do the scene yes I don't want you
guys to be gone like a jealous boyfriend
or something that's why I got mad
because dad texted virgin what happened
dad has something to say dad is sick dad
doesn't feel well something's wrong with
that he texts Bridgette and not me it
happened this morning that's how I found
out that he was having stomach aches to
begin with and didn't want to freaking
go eating pizza because he texted
Bridget and Bridget told me and it
pisses me off because a dad has
something wrong I want him to tell me
especially now that he's dealing with
cancer and pneumonia I want to know yeah
why doesn't he tell you I don't know he
thinks that he thinks that I'm like
parenting him or something and like I'm
like gonna be like or the hospital he's
going to be like good no but that's
gonna happen anyway huh I would tell him
that too though I don't know why he does
it he feels more comfortable telling
Bridget stuff than he does telling me I
don't know it is ray I appreciate it so
I got mad because once again just like
make a boy shut the fuck up with that
stuff oh you son of a bitch go get it
there's people outside could you not
yell for their Machoke go get it I'll
yell again please cut oh yeah we don't
want any clutter in the yard
hahahaha I got this time don't make it
worse we can't get the God about that
garbage I know what the hell right now
we're going over to Grandpa's house but
that's why I got mad because he doesn't
tell me
he tells Bridget this morning he didn't
tell me he told Bridget it's annoying
but he told me this morning because he
couldn't get a hold of you I don't buy
it
he said he was trying to text you and
call you yeah I think he said that
before it only happened to be the time I
saw Carol he did wildfire we're going to
grandpa's we're going to find out what a
surprises okay what's the surprise
option and you say guys
huge for us so dad apparently has a big
surprise for that's their bedroom you
only dog what yeah look at as long as
didn't we like we steamed scallops
well he's going to look you just be
Toby's allowed what don't we shall L
worn a cage ain't quite big enough
vision what the hell Oh what is that a
furry pig that's my granddaughter scout
was pregnant
yeah oh my god Joe at one pub oh my gosh
you know what I ain't know I've been a
puppy all she's so sad we'll bring the
back I promise
hey baby
oh my goodness I was like in adorable oh
gosh I don't know anyway that is a baby
hey baby
dude that is adorable that don't have
one papa
that's adorable
oh girl a million boy an adorable land
granddaughter you ain't you got you guys
now you got we got a sister your sister
oh shit yeah
be nice if I'm a billion you oh my god
what'd I do that that's my baby
now let me should I be holding because
isn't that remember that if we touch it
the mom won't accept oh you know I just
so stupid you it it's not bird my gosh a
bird a bird
I'm sure oh here's a how long has this
been two days you hit this mood for two
days yeah I can do that
so one can lady and issue was bitches oh
my god yeah baby
you know that I was pregnant yeah I feel
like you told me before and I just went
over my head
Lauren oh damn it one more time I guess
he grew up on with it oh hey guys later
here take Eddie she's called for he's
hold you want your own business I love
my baby you got my baby you burger
yeah who do grapples so sweet
compassionate get it off dude are you
all she's like another back rub my
picture Bridget beat me to the punch
New York is a post on it
what I told her that I coach macho
jealous on a thorn
she won't watching says mama watch bad
ball okay or she was you go you'll get
it back
good
Wow huh oh she clean her up
she's like they touch people just the
can freshen it's kind of had one papa
so she should have had more yeah - all
right surprise she did send one her
first time we talk will be child for
well they'll appear good jumping watch
out for fake where is boo ha
they got my I was gonna run around
no shoot acting there Johnny comes
around Toto's ones oh how adorable
adorable sub-5 oh yeah you can't be
handed all ball down like that what does
that need she want to hold it you know
buddy go to Cuckoo's Nest you see a doc
you won but it's so cute I think overall
you want here's the question I know you
you're probably thinking you're gonna
try to sell it
lemons I bet you were faking that you
love can you get rid of it now no okay
it's a part of the family
oh yes I gotta hold no it's a family
member but you can't hold a baby you
make it sit the whole you so much cuz
those mom would do her dog all right let
go all right listen I want to tell you
when I'm in touch all right get this
pony
yeah go ahead
you don't bad ass ain't you down there
ah he's not fat
I accept your apology because I know
you're going bitching shit so but I will
take your phone as punishment okay : l
know Jesus I know Oh welcome to our
family coffee yeah the pony music eight
holy is Brassica hi guys are out of here
oh it smells real bad
I'm done still like a 1 we got it
Andale oh please to breathe a lot longer
the Kishu is first
ahh let's go alright the can don't blow
it out there you go dad here we go don't
have to go through that oh my God he's
leaving he don't care at all anyway
we're leaving that pug at the door Oh
any better if you play the fool oh yeah
let's get out of here now before I got
out of here today I wanted to do a quick
see we're gonna be doing the outro in
just a second
unless you still want to do that kind of
thing
yeah I want to play hide and seek we're
playing hide and seek for the outro so
anyway hey what are you doing buddy
he's you want the pillow Oh wonder the
world arrest on the pillow for a second
hey calling telling you something he's
pissed we saw a new puppy today oh my
gosh you like I hate me papa I don't do
that all really this vanilla fly
yeah kind people I know trying to say
see mine so anyway that's quite kind hey
that's a nice hope so anyway before I
get out
I wanted to do a scene for you okay you
guys I had to move from the capsicum
collide with chair another pillow
he's only doing because I was sitting go
touching any organ attic they just
picked that we saw a puppy today anyway
I wanted to tell you guys about why we
didn't do the video today because
usually I do one or two videos with we
call me anger grandpa show channel but
lately with the cancer I've been more I
don't want to say I don't know what I'm
trying to think of just more reserved to
what I actually do because I don't want
to prank him I'm hoping he doesn't get
pissed off which luckily he hasn't that
much lately so what we were going to do
is try the Little Caesars Pizza and then
he texts Bridget this morning and he
says he's not feeling well and I talked
to him you know I don't know if it's
anxiety I don't know the distress
whatever it is his stomach has really
good bothering and then he has a history
of his stomach being a problem for him
but now it's gotten a lot worse he's
been going to the bathroom awhile a
excessive coat right through him so I
didn't want him to eat a freaking
barbecue pulled pork pizza while that
was happened I just did it feel right
about it so that's why we did it upload
a video limbing channel there was
nothing to replace it with so there's no
main channel video today how wet since
grandpa had a bit of a surprise for us
I'm letting you guys know that we have a
surprise for grandpa oh yeah this week
click like if you're excited click like
if you I'm going to tell you the
surprise I'm not gonna say oh my no
Michael no don't say I'm not going to
ruin the surprise but click like if
you're excited about it let us know in
the comments what you think the surprise
this so you probably already know
obviously but dad doesn't know so we got
a big surprise for Grampa this week
that's we're going to be doing I'm going
to get out of here we're going to be
doing the outro but I want to let you
guys know why there wasn't a video and
that we got a surprise let's go to the
outro though you wonder how to Pete yeah
we do hide and seek we're gonna play a
game of hide a sequel quick super
playing hide and seek and I'm trying to
find her
ah Kauai where is he where is he
the Helvetii doing Oh
oh my god dogs almost gave me away sad
ballad dang it oh good hottie fuck one
more time okay
once more one more yeah lady where is
daddy
mmm on here hello where is he
Clyde what was that I heard you caught
my cough did you imagine where this
season I found you Matthew I wonder if
you're walking
oh my god where do we come up with it I
don't know it's fun though we've got to
do the outro okay so anyway that's going
to be it for today guys thanks for
watching
had a pretty good day it sounds pretty
good day had good time hanging out with
Bridget and dad today I enjoyed it yes
the puppy is freaking adorable hey guys
I know what we need like help naming
this thing so let us know in the comment
section some may mop hands off Gandalf I
love it yesterday
no we can't name in our so let us know
some name options that you think and the
comment section and I'll show some of
them to Grandpa maybe one of you guys
will name the puppy that'd be awesome
oh my god that would be so cool so
anyway that's going to be it thanks for
watching like subscribe favorite alright
everything does and that's it I love you
guys so much by the way a little game
violence picked up a little joke I hope
you understand that yeah well it was a
joke to me Bridget's eyesight is based
on movement
please click optic pieasant
