what's going on you guys get beyond a
camera here to do is he yeah right there
and today is Saturday and today we're
going to movie theater to see Logan
Michael we are not seeing Logan today
today we're seeing Logan we're not
seeing Logan come on bro
Logan no guys you can kind of do this
for like four days but today babe we
have so much to do we're going to see
Logan now we're going to go we're not
seeing Logan today let me tell you my
brilliant plan you guys because I didn't
expect this respond my plan was to be
like hey we're going to the movies the
bridge would have to go like I'm not a
pushover come work with me
today we're seeing Logan I can't wait I
think you me Austin I have so much to do
today
fine okay you better promise me that
sometime right in next Friday
oh wait yeah it's next Friday and I hope
you'll be out of theaters by then
Michael no it isn't okay guys we have a
lot to do all week so Friday all right I
tried you guys okay we can see Logan if
you change your shirt oldest baby
you've been wearing it for like two
weeks what really got you sharing it's
not like Stewart oh whoa whoa buddy and
surprise not like ducks to you well we
you're getting I know you're not no I
think I was bad today is Saturday today
I guess what I doing shit let's get were
seeing Logan we're not seeing Logan
today fine let's get the Saturday
started oh my god
my god is there typing on this painting
baby young come on bro it's not funny
oh my god okay fucking miss telugu red
and a knee I'll Drive you back into it
so if you hate sitcom I'm like fumbling
around the baby video good so right now
we wanted to check on the painting so
I'm cutting all that out yeah we're
starting right here
no no no a can't do no hand painting if
I'm try all right you guys I just told a
reporter says I hear fuck to phase up I
just over photos off camera for she
wasn't out haha I want to here's a pic
hook why other chicken cross the ride
okay
could you give me some back freezing why
why does the chicken why hey stop why
did the chicken cross the road
why to get to the other side yeah comedy
isn't very wrong guys do you understand
that joke now let me tell you something
you guys I just found this out that has
been a dark joke going over a head for
gear right why did the chicken cross the
road to get to the other side to get to
the other side
oh my god Angus the chicken crossed the
road to die to get to the other side ah
that has been a joke about a chicken
dying forever and die everyone just
figured he want to get on the other side
of the road he's just doing it to get to
death because he wouldn't want to live
anymore
hello most simple joke ever of a so dark
I bought a pair to get to the other side
so clever
yeah you guys and does that messed up
that's pretty fucked up so anyway we're
checking on the painting is he's driving
yeah what's up dad how you doing yeah
he's better shit
dress on that group doing up would
sprinkle grow everything God did you
dancing before coughing all over my damn
grandfather's room so pretty so I guess
blue be Hank Haney a virgin yeah I'm
thinking right there you're giving a
hook you how's it look up there soon oh
it's awesome
I don't think of that oh dude that is so
cool-looking even a little more time and
we'll get your daddy's come over yeah
and help us hang it there we go you guys
the painting is awesome now the time for
us to do something a little more awesome
eat some dinner we go dinnertime little
taste - what - oven mitts what did you
drop it
I'm not Betty Crocker okay at one time
okay if I drop it now
oh my god if you drop holy crap - this
bullshit well this is chicken and fig
tagine - jeez kazeem well I was like hot
tagine
whoa I'm one one to try this but the
question comes how bad do I burn my
mouth everybody oh wait now do I scream
do I cry or do I go to the hospital I'm
gonna saying you're gonna tear up guess
now cuz I'm taking a really hot fire
there's nothing hot if anybody said not
that hot
you win oh look that's we're just cool
turns out great Wow
so this is more having for dinner you
guys chicken and fix a Jean this right
here is Brussels sprouts and broccoli
that have been feared and duck fat you
heard me right duck fat and because we
want to eat even better
we got a spring mix salad with pecans
drives as was I should call cranberries
dried cranberries goat cheese and
homemade I love the salsa you did the
Salish it what is it
it is Lisa vinaigrette
- yeah this is British if I don't know
so this is here we're just pretty self
driven homemade salad dressing folks
okay so yeah vinaigrette dressing with
all this look cover things up first
pizza chicken
go ahead your some juice and stuff to
cover that up with Oh Michael I'm in
heaven
alright two pieces of chicken hey I'm
getting you something I love the things
they are so good you're sweet and savory
oddly mmm-hmm alright what do you think
I think it looks incredible aw oh come
on what's really great what is healthy
yeah how crazy is this yeah I don't
chicken and fix a Jean this is the piece
I want us I'm glad you didn't want that
one huh ah oh yes I want these - yeah
now what's going on
cover this up with some juice Oh what do
you even film it Daedalus I'll say
they're putting juice on my shin she
just like filming the thing a little
more some things more juice you know
folks here on chicken and fig tagine
crazy
yeah not Tanjung like I've been calling
it polite double vision talking so
chicken estates tagine broccoli and
Brussels sprouts tiered and duck fat
salad let's watch something on TV we'll
be back later
just a quick update you guys members
just ate our plate of the food holy shit
best chicken I have every
ever ever I'm out hello oh good
if you guys want a similar recipe check
out the link below chicken and fig
tagine delicious we have a lamb tagine
that we're going to make next week I'll
record us make a mat got it from blue
apron we'll see about that
that is freaking delicious holy crap
Brigitte is outside smoking right now
and I am blurry hey there we go right
now Bridget's outside smoking and she
just got a special delivery while she
was outside I'm going to show you guys
because Madison surprise for her first I
got her these which these are really
pretty
Wow and these are actually candles and
more flowers I have two things of
flowers I got a special card right here
I'll let her read on camera and can i
address the fact that she has done it
again
what is this she's full Shannon dude she
has turned the kitchen into a holiday
paradise she where does she even find
this crap do you guys know where she
finds all this crap to turn the kitchen
like there
Oh Bridget what the hell what do you
find this stuff anyway Shannon has
struck again
but anyway right now Brij glad to get a
surprise when she comes then when she's
done smoking because she smoked so very
much I'm just joking I did that to piss
her off when she watches the vlog with
her she doesn't like it but anyway when
she comes in surprised we doing girl
we know mama you here oh you want
stomach rubbings alright deli go ah this
is oh we are guys that's it what I'm
lazy
what up Clyde okay we'll win for Mom
okay then she goes the big surprise
Bella so cute today and late oh dang
dude he's like I don't care about
anything you set up hey clay did you not
ruin it
you don't care he's going to why are you
filming so are you saying that I can't
tell me yeah you can tell me but why
because alright I claim out
come on no no I clean these are not
clingy enough
I cleaned guys I clean all right come on
out take it about design Michael I'm not
joking come on out I claim that you
Queen will you just come out I got
surprised what's in flowers for being
great Oh God
thanks for cleaning you love them
they're they're very different flowers I
was wrong okay now that we've got this
out of the way can I dress something
flat all the Irish stuff you set up in
the kitchen
okay Michael and look what is all that
oh yeah I forgot
it's a second bouquet good read the card
oh I like total oh my god I love oh no
somebody's been ever so you happy yes oh
my gosh got you two bouquets and flowers
some candles yeah you're welcome okay
that's a nighty picture cuz I'm taking
Bridget out on date night to the movie
see Logan
didn't work
see we have so much to do all right I
tried that's not why I would go that's
not why I bought the flowers I bought
those like two days ago
all right cover loans before I got out
of here today I wanted to take a minute
to show you something that I promised
Bridget out including the ball guys it's
embarrassing it's very embarrassing I
want to apologize ahead of time to you
guys before you see it on apologize to
Bridget right now I was just being about
Ralph a castle I'm acknowledging that so
anyway I'll beg like I'm acknowledging
that okay giant asshole okay okay if you
didn't see the blog we uploaded
yesterday for some reason we could not
do that intro the intro you saw took
like a hundred takes yeah it was like
four hours it took like 45 minutes which
is a long time Brian is trying to say
and I was just getting angrier and
angrier I wasn't feeling well I had a
headache
I was lightheaded my stomach hurt I just
wasn't feeling right and I used that to
lash out on Bridget and I apologize it's
cool babe it's cool so anyway this is
the outtakes to that I don't have a ball
I was deleting as we were going with
this is what I do have this is the
outtakes from yesterday's intro I
apologize enjoy what's going on you guys
Michael here is it here and it work
what's going on you guys get me on a
camera here can get a camera here now
you're just doing to piss me off
like on da kine here take what's going
on you guys can be on the fifth intro
shop for sign what's going on you guys
I'm trying to do the intro and I can't
do it pro point God is it how you'll
start off fuck
so get blue and shit on tonic my god
blue cover buddy got cover the shit
sorry I think it worked no it's fine
what's going on you guys get me out of
camera here Michael thinks here
cool I need you I'm sorry you're
screwing up the intro I'm not I'm going
to do without you you listen why I'll do
whatever what's going on you guys get me
out of camera here freeze your West not
here and the reason bridge West is not
here it's because she is having lunch
with her mom right now
no okay no I'm copy
can we please do this yes
anyway that's going to be a pro today
guys thanks for watching before I get
out of here
smack that like button if you want
grandpa to try that new Little Caesar
smokehouse pizza I know he wants to
break away from the monotony of talking
about his cancer all the time because he
feels like it's boxing him into like
making him feel different he wants to do
other stuff so why not try the smoked
out streets of Little Caesars what do
you guys think oh yeah you were way too
excited about that
oh yeah do anyway Maxo like let if you
want grandpa to try it we'll do it but
anyway I'm gonna get out of here thanks
for watching like subscribe favorite
follow everything because
and that's fun guys so much how are much
higher any more slower
