they're not me they bark backup does
there come on again and your baby
agency's baby
oh my Quidditch Mookie jello there's no
you know for myself I'm now how we do
yeah we want a big guys where are these
guys and they were no good oh here we
are
you're here with the competition I'll
tell you what's crazy is amazing come
here
oh yeah I mean now we're there the he's
what they call fairy dust which is like
garlic on the drugs yeah yeah you're
right it's prequel parried up them a
piece of the line yeah yeah yeah yeah I
gotta get out of here
oh because in jealous when you hear that
horny one here oh no probably my god yes
Val I see you take it easy girl anyone
whose ideology come on guys without you
guys go take off yeah they're all
uniform at all purchases don't close it
all up love it here you soon
alright thank you
what's going on you guys Kibby on the
camera here but do I see yeah hi down
here and today we're having a little bit
of Sunday dinner yeah and if you're
wondering why we're having this for
Sunday dinner instead of grandpas is
because we were at grandpa and we were
over Paul yeah we had a pretty bad time
at grandpa's house for Sunday dinner
we'll talk to you guys about that in
just a minute
for now we're going to have the wings
we're gonna have some pizza oh yeah just
Pizza Pizza number one Oh what is the
old look go he'll say yeah there's the
ultimate me being a fat boy if I can
guess the pizzas oh my gosh this is the
world how did you know a little bit bad
dude women oh yeah you got mushrooms on
I can't even see come on there's me I'm
bad being able baby bitch yeah yeah just
pick a lot anyway Sunday dinner and then
we're gonna have a talk well now that
we've had our Sunday dinner I wanted to
take a minute to tell you guys about how
grandpa ruined his it is wrath guys
grandpa went apeshit today okay there's
no other way to put other than he had a
complete and utter meltdown and I wanted
to talk to you guys before I put it up
because it might be a little sensitive
with what's going on with Grandpa right
now but it's crazy
he went freaking apeshit it was just so
it was one of the grossest things I've
ever seen in my life
that's the other problem the reason the
main reason that I haven't uploaded it
is because it's really really gross it's
very gross like worse than the garbage
burrito it was probably the grossest
thing I've ever seen a grandpa's house
it smelled ungodly it was like dead
bodies Doug thought he's had to be out
man dog was done early and anyway I
don't want to
out anymore right now first I want to
show you guys a preview of what happened
at Grandpa's house
you're not ready for this now this is
the preview yeah
yo Bobby Jesus we will move through life
all I'm trying to make sure you don't
got freaking pneumonia right now there's
a brief spell whoo what the hell was he
somebody has a plug it's all Browns it
is frickin - Scudder in bed Oh
oh my god Oh dad that's disgusting it's
really Wow so that is what happened at
grandpa's house he went completely
apeshit on his freezer and he threw the
meat out everywhere and it stunk the
smell I can't even describe the smell
like you know it was it was really build
like a dead body okay like I feel like
I'd rather and he'll your fart meeting
ever
I rather collect them in a jar and at
the end of the year smell them so it was
so bad you guys does have you smelled
worse you look like you had something to
say about it you had something smart to
say about my fart what you got to say
over there I'm done
he's been done this whole time you guys
I don't blame him though no I want to
toggle she's the only thing that was
missing was a little bit of fish oh that
would have made it oh no way dude rotten
meat plus fish I can't handle it my
stomach can't handle it so I just open
my mouth I swallowed it yeah okay
you're real proud of yourself for that
mm-hmm anyway I also want something
different no I got to talk about this
so gross guys I want to know if you want
to see it that's the reason I didn't
upload this video because I wanted to
talk to you about it first it's about 20
minutes long he goes completely apeshit
it stinks it's crazy and if you guys
want to see it smells worse than Michael
don't interrupt me for things like that
again okay if you guys want to see it
smack the like button let us know in the
comment section and I'll upload it
tomorrow but I want to know if you
wanted to see it first
so click like I will upload the freak
out what's so funny doesn't want my
dough it was funny ok they heard it yeah
it's not worse than me
but it didn't oh yeah oh wait oh it did
stop it ok you guys want to see it
that's a light button it actually is
hilarious okay I was kind of happy to
see grandpa had that kind of rage still
in him this could go in the main channel
but when I upload it on kid behind a
camera so let me know if you want to see
it click the like button and we'll
upload it tomorrow and that's why
there's no vlog yet for today right now
Bridget and I are on our way to go see
the movie get out our trash I'm not I
wanted to ask him a question
so before but just now before I left I
was listening to Clay Aiken invisible so
you know if I was invisible now here's
the question there's a part of the song
where he says I would be the smartest
man if I was invisible why why would you
be the smartest man because your visit
is he going back to class cheating like
on tests and stuff holla contest so just
say that I'm cheating on tests tonight
I'll get it I am cheating off your test
because I'm invisible and that makes me
the smartest man oh by the way there's
that trash she was talking about
thumbnail maybe I don't know seriously
why is he the smartest man because he's
invisible unless he's like going the
night class and regular school without
telling anybody
I don't know why you ready to rock out
Bridget no Michael please do this in
your own time I almost the Clay Aiken
hey captain
he's the measure of a man and like I'll
have to turn back what's going on hang
on real talk why okay yeah I love that
don't know I think it is dog food shit
well we are here at the movies right now
and I'm sorry for talking I'm sorry I'm
talking real loud this place is bumping
hey don't touch guys I got this sir you
what and so pack sire I'm floggin we
view such pieces of silver and you
imagine ah that's cocaine oh my god the
Bears result no so cute
the theater is packed sir sir what do
you want watching up here
damn you know how that way we're seeing
it out in our pee eggs we're going to
stop seeing car vlogging before they
tell us to get out yeah yeah
I don't know this cameras picking up
just like huge this fucking screen is
yeah I know I don't think it I don't
think it is either but it fricking shit
enormous yeah it's like it's like seven
regular screen it really is I feel like
walking up to it
dude do it I'm walking up to it folks
and if somebody walks in I'm looking for
my feet and if they see the camera I'll
throw it
holy crap but just to literally just
told me to be careful holy crap look at
this oak look at this really guys where
you can take a picture hold on stop boys
carry it look like a lost weight and
then play it I just want to see what I
look like in front of us wait wait I
need to put my popcorn somewhere I only
have two hands hun
okay okay go yep not one run
baby I can't even see you anymore oh my
gosh oh you're so cute let me try to
zoom in I have seven walks in really
my Linh
what no you're not no you're not
whatever Michael now without the shitty
yeah just for that I'm gonna put two
boxes of raisinettes from the popcorn
I'm not even talking anyway oh so
Michael is holding us farting almost all
Honegger the mubahala don't record this
it's Michael's holding in a really big
fart going up holding it and I'm letting
it out right I just kind of giving me
noise or anything wife are you filming
this funny
no it's God you know what's funny hmm
that's think you know what's funny what
how much pollen is on your car bro dude
Michael I can't help it did you come
from the blizzard
can't L face oh my god we got in early
spring this shit is wild
Jesus oh my god oh em gee this is crazy
as hell dude so how good was that movie
guys go see it it's amazing dude it's
amazing guys
I'm pulling the top um so get out
was fucking incredible it was really
really really good the reason I had to
go see is because I read on I G ended to
give it 9 out of 10 and I went to rotten
tomatoes and it was at a hundred percent
and then I saw was written by Jordan
Peele from key and Peele and I like are
you fucking serious how is this caught
I'm not fucking joking watch out one of
the best moves I've seen in a long time
yeah holy crap guys go see it you have
to see it yeah like it's so good I would
watch the fan turn off this blog now and
go see it finish this vlog did watch
this all him in all my other blogs bingo
see it cuz yeah cuz of me but no no
seriously go see this movie it's crazy
ain't nothing else to say it was amazing
I loved it it was awesome guys oh my
gosh it was so good it was so so so good
I'm really shocked what do you say we
just go back get tickets to the 9:45
show all riflescopes guys this one's
gonna like fall in the morning now I
want to watch out again and then let's
drive to California so we can catch it
before the midnight release of that one
okay got it not really doing that shit
come on it was great it was great
the theme was over it was great okay
I could lie sorta see I get last word
Wow great get out great yeah
whoo I already covered by then why am I
even talking to you get that fart in
your ass
get out of my circus life
yeah my vlog walk this way this one area
numbers on there you're out
