what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here know as yeah right there
and today is fun Friday I'm so glad you
didn't use such vulgar language today ah
today is Friday today it's the most
fucking time on today is Friday and I
want ready oh you had to call me out on
it all right
today is Friday and I get today it's
Friday and today I don't know I don't
think anything's going on I should
probably go to grandpa's well we're
obviously oh that's obvious today we're
going to grandpa's house because I'm
trying to get in touch with them to find
out how he's doing because you went to
the doctor yesterday because he has a
cold and you guys seriously want to or
joking it's up but on a serious note
with the cancer dad has you can't get
sick if you get sick you have to go to
the doctor because a small cold can
progress into something way worse so dad
has to go to the doctor he went
yesterday I'm trying to find out what's
going on he's not answering me I'll
check home Rahway we're going to call
this Adam call we're going to bust open
that door we're going to break some
windows
we are skating in that's what what
anyway you guys today is Friday and
today you feel it good I thought I got
away with okay now I kind of outshining
girl I'm nice Friday
look at this Friday started ah can you
calm down he will talk to you
just different verge of what it's like
is it so hard it's like we're turning my
phone call no here's a snow man you know
this it will never change
Belem he doesn't sometimes well look
here just give me hugs and calm down hey
oh that's exactly what she's saying or
she's like I hate you - you stink
according no please just sitting the
camera on the edge of the table yeah
what's the film
I'm just looking at footage you can lift
it up it's fine okay I know you're
filming dancing hey girl I think I need
to cheer up and he said go cheer me up
uh let's eat some food I'm in my mood
just went what I'm in a way better mood
you guys dad call me when you get a
chance
I brought fried egg what was just um a
fried eggs okay Friday bring fried eggs
up one more time in the vlog and I'm
stabbing
I said Friday oh he's nailed up I know
Oh God
do they nailed up is this in here he's
like a Michael these guys okay guys this
is a YouTube called dysfunctional three
and they did a parody slice
impersonation of us that it's probably
the best I've seen on YouTube see ya
they nailed us great camera presents
together we got to get more people to
see this is like a little brigid.hole
yes guys this video is great you want to
see if you look below in the description
where says yesterday's vlog now it's
their video check it out and because I
want people to check this out do me a
favor leave your Twitter handle in the
description in the comments of their
video and I'll go back and I'll follow
some you guys later cuz they deserve
views oh my gosh oh my gosh there's this
really funny part but I'm not going to
spoil it well part um you come with your
dad in your mouth yeah I don't want this
I don't want to spoil it that is like so
funny I died hey May
you guys want to see it check it out go
leave some positivity go give it a like
leave your Twitter handle and I'm gonna
follow some of you guys and their video
it's awesome you got to see it they got
they nailed I know it's like it's crazy
I was like this is like my third time
watching in you guys and it's like
seriously this is so few it's thoroughly
entertaining the whole way through so if
you haven't seen it check it out if you
have seen it check it out again leave it
alike but anyway yeah that's great
seriously really good hey me again this
is like message 30 so I know you're
getting on so it'd be really nice to
call me back what the fuck 10 boys are
tired three times you tried or one
called dad five times he's not answering
what if someone's wrong don't say that I
don't know Oliver are all extending the
spine it's not Charlie and Facebook's a
fine okay good
what the hell they made it so Mary is he
is he home yes all roads are going to be
chillin it's looking pretty boy like why
are they avoiding us what do we do
could he have got bad news and he
doesn't to tell me don't say that
wouldn't anyone go
he'd better white Michael a snap no
often I look now hey I hope snapped
maybe you just hope he left alone that's
tough shit ain't it yeah I'm in his life
now yeah
don't give her love I'm saying I'm
really in it now yeah I mama day rocking
his ass melon hey what's going on unfair
now
I'm not really in the crack of his ass
yeah I'm at least I'm calling myself oh
yeah you are okay I you just called your
soul yeah like a bloodsucker like me yes
you are a blood sucking leech but where
I don't even have fun right now I'm
really I think you're doing what I don't
like it she's trying to cheer me up
folks it's not working I'm pissed off
we're spreading in my life ha ha ha I
couldn't hook oh my god yeah we're good
and working the door this takes up way
too much time virgin something wrong
with my dad then he has thoroughly made
us no way Michael show the fuck out do
not yell at me I got it
Nina cocking Tantalus ok glasses oh
Michael what if something so wrong you
know get your glasses we got it go cuz
what our something is so fucking wrong
why are you yelling my good because you
pissed me off I'm sorry I'm sorry I lock
the doors
catechize yes that's the strong one
which one sir on which way the purple
what's up huh we'll get mad the day wow
the roof looks pretty good oh my god it
does well that's good I know thank God
well then I'll actually show the roof
alright grandpa's got a new roof closed
ha ha ha
whatever you're seeing right now that's
what it looks like I can't actually see
it like that I know I'll keep doing it I
know right that's the new roof folks
alright
all right if he starts bitching we'll
just go home
walk so hot out cars are here yeah what
the hell
you hear anything what's the deal I know
I know he's here is he avoiding eyes
will see be here
oh here I don't know what the hell it's
your son I'm sitting outside please let
me in thank you
he's avoiding us that is so weird why I
thought think it depend of good lately
how's it - oh nothing
Wow what the hell maybe everyone's
sleeping some well if I - yeah saves
that are sleeping I'm gonna get words
they somethin happenin busted or head
call the line I listen or not okay do
you think how that happens
no I think I mean Cole Orin
little bang on bang on it shit I'm
afraid - we're just yelling what the
door falls start yelling oh my god dad
that's what's going on help me in this
sucks
honey come back what the hell
why don't you film at the camera died
Michael Jesus Christ just talked to
Lauren she said that they're not here
but the cars are here yeah so she said
that dr. Haley oh good
what what did they walk gonna take it
over the cars are here nothing so
they're not here so why are you so
knocking because I don't believe them
what did they take
maybe someone took them I don't know
somebody here's Charlie down here
what's going on they fell asleep then I
was on a bad day guess that's not
happening
excuse me you said get rid of your
attitude
I'm pissed I want to talk to my dad car
car car right there
oh they usually got you on the porch all
day we have to go nobody's here
okay brood I'm sorry we was disappointed
Michael don't be so disappointed he's at
the doctor
I thought he was at the doctor yesterday
he obviously didn't go now he had he
said so did he go yes early ather now
how do we know we can believe him now
he's probably there now because Lauren
would not lie to us there's one car one
car one car so what is Lauren a wire cuz
I trust her I'm I want dad to go to the
doctor I don't know maybe you like
fucking did you better tell him
something out she won't do that she's on
our side when it comes to a towel you
know that or the blinds cracked open
you tell me Xul's I was looking at this
one it does a little there here I'm bust
on window wait Mike Michael wait what if
it was always like that maybe someone
took them maybe a neighbor took them
he's avoiding us he's doing this on
purpose maybe 9/11 I don't know
911 I don't know my jewelry to me I'm
but they fight like it hasn't moved so
there's not on it it's weird I'm not
gonna lie but maybe maybe a friend took
them I just want to be included what's
going on
I know like a three we got the doctor
let me know what's going on he told me
yesterday was going so is he lying now
here if you lied about going yesterday
fine when why does she's on our side
when it comes back I told you that job
okay nobody's answering the door seems
like nobody's helping a matter on the
house but Lauren what the fuck what is
this about yeah getting close to
breaking honestly it's so grateful for
long she's so great for him well going
back to the house you guys dad I don't
know if you're here if you see this quit
hiding shit from me because I don't know
something's wrong I don't know what's
going on I'm your son
we're trying to communicate with each
other let's go all right what do you say
that was him right yes well uploaded
what he didn't tell me shit he was as a
doctor says that I don't
he seemed sketchy did he explain why
like all his cars were there good enough
we should find that out because I'm
really curious
he seemed like something was wrong DV we
should go over 50 yeah and then we
should go over okay let's go over he was
hiding something
yeah yeah because I was asking you know
where were you where you were I was home
mother while I was at your fucking house
why do you answer the door also to go
there guns up it okay what have another
goddamn daughters of it
Mike it's fine don't worry about it he's
hiding something we're going on yeah
okay that's enough well to the outro
we're going to Grandpa's house guys we
are going every Grandpa's going back
going back well that's going to be a
fair today guys thanks for watching got
to go over to grandpa's house yeah we're
going right now I have to end this vlog
here that's why we're not going on
camera right now because I got to get
this vlog done and getting it on the
internet because it's actually Friday
and I don't want to upload it at
midnight but we are going over to
grandpa's house right now I will let you
guys know what happened on Twitter or a
second upload or I'll just put it in the
video tomorrow but guys thanks for
watching going over grandpa tops I don't
like the way he sounded like subscribe
favorite song on everything for less and
I hope your Friday was really good you
guys I really hope I can't think with
you I'm saying - obviously Friday - hope
your Friday was good I hope everyone had
a good Friday we learned that grandpa's
hiding something on this Friday anyway
I got to go to grandpa's house you guys
thanks for watching like subscribe
favorite
come on everything good and check out
the dysfunctional pretty I'm sort of a
social 3.not Friday
