what's going on you guys get me onto
camera here
Bridget West not here and the reason
that bridge West is not here is because
I wanted to start the vlog off without
her not to be malicious huh well it's
like 7:00 in the morning
ah and before the vlog started I wanted
to talk to you guys so I wanted to
explain why I got drunk the other night
not that I owe an explanation anybody
look I am over 21
I can drink about 1/2 but I wanted to
put a little insightful into it so life
has not been that great lately you know
dad giving the cancer diagnosis and
that's been weighing on me for a while
you know like wow I got it
you know what has happened and there's
nothing that I can do so I felt
personally like disjointed from myself
because of that and then I had a little
bit of silver lining in my life and I
haven't said this out loud yet would I
was really happy when I thought it was a
possibility that Bridget could be
pregnant and I was looking forward to it
we I was imagining it I kind of thought
she was and then she took the test egg
she wasn't and was very defeating and it
started making me you know raise
questions about my own fertility and can
I have kids and will I be able to give
my dad a grandchild
so I was depressed and I drank that's
not the answer you guys I'm not a
drinker I won't do it again but that's
how I coped that's how I decided to
handle it and I don't want you guys to
think that's the only way to handle
something like that there's more ways
but I wanted to take the minute in the
intro to tell you guys why not that I
owed it but I wanted to because I tell
you guys everything and it was a moment
yesterday that got brought up and people
were asking questions so that's why
dad's got cancer my girlfriend is not
pregnant you know life is just nothing
going right so I got a little drug but
I'm not going to do it again I'm focused
I'm good
but I wanted to take a minute and tell
you guys and yeah
that kitchens a little dirty right now
but it's gonna be clean pretty soon
so anyway let's get this day started
sorry for the weird melancholy whatever
sad intro so I just got this delivery
called blue apron and I actually heard
about it from keemstar
he has a podcast called baited podcast
with Andy Milonakis and anything for
views and they were talking about blue
apron and how good it is it could be a
way to start eating healthier because
let's be honest though it's anybody that
means is heart you know eating healthier
it's aiming Milonakis in anything for
view so just joke I'll talk about myself
though this is blue apron so what is all
this it's ending I guess the stuff that
they sent me so seared steaks and mashed
potatoes and chicken e1 Barden beat the
shit there we go
you
seared steak knick-knack all right
that right there scallion kale whole
milk when you want to stay par like that
or you want to unblown the whole milk
whole milk I got to get a new vlogging
camera put the mushrooms which I
probably won't add because I hate
mushrooms
gazzman right kind of shed it there do
that make max with a chicken casserole
potatoes and onion do this rock this
delivery with like $40 ago Brussels
sprout and under here is our meat
covered a nice pad
it goes out of there
the microstate would see and chicken wow
dude
everything out of this box
in all this food you guys now as
somebody who does buy his own food and I
promise you guys I'm not promoted by
blue apron they don't pay me shit so if
there's a competitor I don't know check
them out too but if somebody who does
cook for himself you know 40 50 bucks
for Q gourmet meals that's fucking sick
dude
you know for seared steak and mashed
potatoes look at this plate it only cost
me like 50 bucks which is less than I
would spend if I went to the store
taco and I cost like a hundred bucks
okay so that's pretty awesome that's a
pretty good deal I'm uh start putting
this shit in the fridge that's awesome
we just got the Grandpa's house you're
got to excuse the noise oh you know the
roof is being fixed right now so give me
a lot of bang games a lot of stuff but
he has to get this roof repaired I've
come to check on grandpa anyway so
should we like talk to a mob camera
first yeah
we'll talk to off-camera then we'll feel
long thick microwave everywhere kinda
stencil going into Grandpa's house right
now we'll be back what that is not good
it's not sound good
cool that they told you you get a cold
you get a headache you need to go get
checked out cold can bloom into
pneumonia and we do not want that a lot
more good shut it out okay it is cold
well I'm going to talk more and I know
she talked you into it let's go beat it
you're getting checked out you really
you really need to go there shake your
bed or something wrong
yeah cold instead cool look hold is not
good to house
you can't have a cold right now
happy Lucy tell you tomorrow miss yang I
want to look at the fun
why don't you recording then I want you
need to go home you're going to tell him
right now you need to go get checked out
I don't need to go get checked out I'm
taking over Towson's you at you answer
me this what did the doctor tell you
that I gave good a cold go get checked
out so please go your chest down all
right all right promise the youngest
right now leave a check tonight mom you
have to promise are you calling I'll be
your all-day thing all right
baby it's all again just it all right
you happy to check that's not what okay
yeah it doesn't okay but I think if you
like go now yeah we'll go with you look
go oh you going great yeah we're just we
drop it one
in a minute Jessica nuclear fission me a
nice vision of me I'm not trying to
bitch I'm trying to tell you to go yeah
alright oh good okay dad
go now I love you what I want to make
sure that you don't fucking drop dead
over a cop that you could have avoided
then Virginia signal judges goddamn cool
take my money and gives more robitussin
not only need to run something probably
give this up at the fucking section are
going to get with Deepak's they're
probably going to give you steroids beep
a little defect this even helps fight
infection Lucy you really should go I'm
going Charlie stay here with the roofers
that's all handled just go just raw
without right now we're going on up ok
let's turn the kids at all he lied
youngins he said we were taking them and
now saying we're not blood no horns no
JD
first of all you don't need to be smoked
up you was not in my coffee
yeah he said you shouldn't smoke so
yesterday is Bo now you're putting that
into your freaking lungs that problem
was the cop is about ma'am I'll call the
retro shooter in the crack cigarettes
are over thank you I'm just trying to
look out for and find out what's best
for you Laura
do it tape Bridget before we get any
rich we thought to Wan make sure she
knows she said I'll go get her we're
here right now Lauren Lauren was dead no
she could be the bathroom gee pop tell
ya okay
that's why I'm trying to get out some
now let's walk in the door Lauren Lauren
you can try to pop it so we're gonna
angle it once all to it
oh you stayed on your anything
oh you win three but make sure you go to
the hop of this cost console where you
got to go pick off it sounds like shit I
don't let us take them so can you make
sure you be did you keep it of my ass
well now I'm making she's good let's
watch good if your man you need people
on your ass like Lauren yeah
you look a bit out I am losing weight
the riblets your date stroking her over
because when you're coughing like that
can happen just a memory you go Lauren
hey what I gave her the cigarette should
you look back yeah maybe a few go to the
doctor I'm God does it just calm your
voice down please
the cops are hard you need to go get
something six is if it turns in an
ammonia auto we're going to do I can't
do bone your shot there's no way I can
get ammonia you know you have a lot of
faith in science
Paris BP's doesn't I have no face advice
hey why are you wearing a football
helmet mind you up this go ahead so
what's up well why is the closest TV
anyway you're over the pop soldiers
informal
yeah okay all right for you okay
CM Punk how do you play with steam punk
dude healing losses every fight and I
would even in real life either I'm
talking about in the game so I went
there losses how do you want a match to
see him puzzle this game I can't I try I
get my ass beat every time right yeah
it's insane
I really pretty well I'm making a crime
alert gun handle clean all right well
we're headed on you know make sure
Pappas is about at home
and so compute
I do that play so you win lower when I
walked out I don't know so he doesn't
know
too loud out here to do an outro you
guys but leaving dad go to the doctor
before I got out of here I wanted to
tell you guys the story about when I got
drunk when I say the story I mean
yesterday so when I got drunk with
Bridget I told you guys to click like if
you want to hear the story and hear what
could happen I freaking knew it I really
was at the mindset you guys that I can't
get drunk
I always said I like Bridget it's a
mindset oh my yeah yeah he drunk
computer want to get drunk yeah I guess
not
okay I had a bunch of food I thought
that would like help me like build at
all right now didn't help I got wasted
so so wasted I don't remember everything
I remember at one point I'm like showing
Bridget my ass someone good then I grew
you oh my hey Bridget what my Parkinson
le you felt something or something and
you're like take a look at this suppose
like idea why sure I'm like a
mischievous smarter person so went away
I'm mooning Bridget and I'm just being
stupid
and very very very clean yeah okay I was
not well I don't hear what the Queen you
were so clingy okay I lost it so anyway
what was about two o'clock three 5
morning yeah dudes like 2 o'clock the
morning I'm just sitting there and I'm
like Bridget pie bought a pie like two
days ago let's cook it he said it like
that too dude you have to scream at her
outside dude go anyway I decided 3
o'clock in the morning I want pie and I
don't want just pie and I want some
cherry pie
so I decided at 3 o'clock in the morning
fuck it I'm baking a pie so I put the
pie in the oven I'm baking it I go back
outside with Bridget we're talking
having a good time
I guess I'm being clingy and stupid not
stupid I've been clinging stupid and
then I'm like wait a minute
what kind of put that pie in the oven I
don't how it could have been eight hours
of
remember I develop money into the and
the brand how much to do what I did
right away my honey say God what does a
bright idea that I need to fish it out
John hey bullshit this wasn't here my
boy my hands it's raw it hits my foot
burns the hell out of me I don't have
any marks surprisingly so I wish I would
be into the story I wish that I burned
my hands on a pious building floor I
embarrass myself
so Bridget breaks out our camera and
starts filming me cleaning the pie off
the floor and the idea behind it was we
were going to send it to another
youtuber named daddy 205 because he has
a video on his channel where his son was
screaming and saying why don't you
believe me and I wanted to impersonate
his son so I decide leave the pie off
the floor being his son Cody we sent the
video to him this is the video that
exists a drunk took a voice enjoy good
dinner Michael picnic ah okay well let's
just get me prison I know but I know
you're more than that yes I know you're
no reason to believe me
and I lie all the top of this time I
swear I'm telling the truth
pick it up yeah yeah fine I'll figure
what I didn't do
so when your way that's the end of the
story wait wait don't know right now you
have to show them how you're eating the
pie they don't even know what a tit yeah
you ate like 3/4 of us guys and did it
somehow your knockoff I'm embarrassed by
this don't make me think it's okay you
guys I was drunk if not means the story
after we did the video I decided to eat
the pie right off the damn floor
I'm doing that oh yeah you were not kept
that close you can see the whole damn
thing
so the pliers right here the dust pan
filled with pie this is right yeah so
here I am man you ruined it by not
filming anyway I will get a fucking song
so let's recap
I wanted ty I made pie I burned my hands
I burned my foot I made a video and then
Adel off the damn floor you happy yes
that was so funny
let's go to the upstroke that's the
drunk pickle boy story well that's going
to be it for today you guys thanks for
watching sorry for the depressing intro
I guess I would say but I wanted to talk
to you guys but anyway that's going to
be it had a pretty good day with bridges
it's in pretty good day dad seriously I
hope you're feeling better
he's at the doctor right now you guys
good I don't have an update I will in
tomorrow's blogs he's getting checked
out ye shall went earlier but anyway I'm
going to get out of here thanks for
watching like subscribe favorite follow
everything forgive us dad
next time you sick it will get a lot
more for it seriously yeah really
thank you guys so much for everything
love you
