this is really good actually I think I
think I think so too
Tina's birthday is today you guys and I
needed something to give her for our
birthday so I got a three and good
grandpa sure what does that mean what
well but gets a state to say I see my
time has come I hate to make you break
but hey I'll see you soon enough I know
what's hard and things are rough
snacking on some for the intro okay okay
I'm chewing what huh
my mouthful juice okay oh yeah let's
just what's going on you guys can't be
on a camera here but you wanna see yeah
right there and today is Monday today is
Monday you guys today we're not doing
nothing break time
we're taking a break I love taking
breaks uncharted for all day guys today
is Monday today we're breaking today
just I swear we need a gaming channel
what you guys watch the gaming channel
like let's say technically I had
youtube.com slash kid behind a console
like you made that in Y years ago what
say I had that channel would you
subscribe to it right prove it
let's get this a started look how much
pollen Bridget is all over the hood of
the car right guys I know Paula usually
comes when April it's February
I go I don't have Paulding works who I
blame for this the bees I think he likes
the flowers whose pollinating earth
it's February man is it the bees are the
flower who's doing it let us know in the
comment section cuz I don't know how
Paul and works I don't want to pretend
to know how it who's doing it just got
back you know didn't do anything we left
we're gonna Walmart and we come home but
seriously that's our dates now but yeah
so you want to go on a date sweetie okay
let's walk around Walmart Frollo like
our date sort of Walmart by the way
Bridget is I'll make is showing up on
camera ghost how long ago did I write
down
holy crap I don't even know guys out I
can't see it it's like ghost written
right there it's barely it's not even
visible enough to film okay pollens
everywhere
I wrote that last year sometime what is
this will you take it in and let's
investigate it I'm not touching it's
unmarked come on please
I don't want to touch it seriously what
is it worth
I'm not touching then I'm not touching
an unmarked box you crazy just pick it
up seriously what is this I'm gonna
freakin crush it what I'm just trying to
get it take it in what is it it's the
perfect Oreo secret
damn it I'm just kidding I don't know
what it is Michael I'm kidding stop it
you know you're the best boyfriend ever
you didn't know what's in here right no
I'm coming over soon me think please
don't let me take this yeah I'm covering
the lens this is really good actually I
think I think I think so too
Tina's birthday is today you guys and I
needed something to give him for our
birthday so I got a three and good
ground pushes that mean
what what
quiet few second because give it he's uh
this is your phone
yeah he's texted dad he texted him see
you soon
this is blurry and then he checks it
himself back then with that seat hey you
do it okay
I know you miss pop I know you do
he was like your dad I'm not I'm not
equipped to handle this not either
Hey I mean you miss pop okay and I know
I'm not pop you know I'm not the man pop
was but I'm here for you you know that
I'd say I take care of you
yeah maybe not as good as pop was cuz
pop was it was a one of a kind
that caught me off guard
so guys he he's texting dad's old phone
number and he said I see you soon and he
texted back as pop saying okay see you
soon
and I know you got him into like all
that counseling and stuff and I heard
you've been starting to misbehave in
school you can't be misbehaving okay
it's hard this is the harder one of the
hardest things you're ever going to go
through but if you can survive this you
can survive anything you know that to
nerds I have another shot where is it
memory jakey I don't know if this will
be too big for you or not well that now
it was too big you can grow into it
you'll put it go in the bathroom try
this on yeah that was bro oh my god he
planned this scene we pre-planned it
okay Tina's birthday today we were gonna
do a little pre-planned scene where I'm
getting teen of these shirts for our
birthday and then he's pops up with that
I saw it I was not prepared for that how
is he doing in the counseling this thing
he's doing okay he just yeah I mean he's
doing better they're just saying he he
cries when they're alive come here buddy
look it there you know it's a tiny big
but you are a growing boy okay a fit
soon you're gonna grow on the bats not
that big take that off all right you got
George you like it okay
so wear it with pride man that broke my
heart that was sad that's too much sad
it like hit me like a bat yeah that was
sad like Jacob took place of you know
number how when you were growing up yeah
yeah yeah Jacob was the Michael yeah my
true love when I was growing up you guys
I was dad shadow I was this little boy I
was little friend and when I grew up you
know course I was still bad but he still
needed someone to go to the stores with
the gas stations with him you know flea
markets on Saturday morning so that was
him check was his best friend Jacob just
lost his dad too
so and he doesn't understand he's at an
age where it's like really confusing and
he doesn't understand what's happening
yeah but hopefully we can make it better
for them absolutely
you feel better though and like she said
all this is all this would happen and
all this was pretty normal
there's someone to go like a child to do
a pretty much that was really hard you
guys it's sad that at ten years old you
got to go through such loss and I know
what he's going through because I almost
lost that at that age a couple of times
they told us that we did lose dad so
seeing him go through all this I know
he's hurting you guys and I don't
pretend to be equipped enough to know
how to handle everything it's just very
important that Jacob know at a time like
this that he's got his family and he
does he's got me he's got Bridget he's
got his mom he's got Lauren he's got his
brothers and we're all here for him at
the same time we're no replacement for
his grandfather and he doesn't know
where to place his feelings and by doing
that he's making a lot of mistakes he's
getting in trouble in school right now
you guys he's getting in trouble he's
not listening he's and we got to work on
that you know Jennifer has taught was
talking to a psychiatrist with them and
just somewhere he can project his
feelings tell people what's going
through his head and how he's doing and
just whatever he can do just start to
feel better you know sometimes I'll do
the same thing he was doing he was
texting dad's phone and reading text
messages from dad and I'll do that
I'll go back and I'll read his text
messages and sometimes it's strangely
therapeutic but at the same time you
also got a turn to your family hello BJ
company when Dad passed I couldn't help
but say I lost my dad I lost my best
friend I lost the most important person
that I had and it's not just me Jacob
lost grandpa
Bridget lost grandpa Jennifer lost
grandpa Kim lost grandpa mom lost
grandpa all the you lost grandpa and we
have to start healing together as a
family
sorry that this ball has to suddenly
take a depressing turn you guys I really
did not expect this but Jacob I love you
Tina
happy birthday hope you enjoy your
shirts that hit me it's really hard to
watch you guys he's he's really going
through something and man
you know I love this kid and dad will be
disappointed with how he's been in
school lately
but I know I know dad's gonna be proud
of the man that he's gonna be well
that's gonna be it for today you guys
thanks for watching sorry to end the
vlog like so abruptly you guys but after
what just happened you know I was really
sad
I was very heartbreaking guys I totally
missed his text we all mix it we all
miss his text messages you know I
remember one year for my birthday you're
at SummerSlam and he texted me he was
like happy birthday bridge you want to
go to Ryan's and I thought that was like
the sweetest thing ever I didn't take
him up on the offer and I'll always
regret that because you can't have no
regrets Burgess I didn't take him up on
the offer because I felt I felt like he
just did it to be nice he didn't really
want to do it that's possible I don't
know guys we're getting out of here if
there's anybody out there who's going
through this it's you know going through
your own loss just know that there's
somebody you can talk to you got family
you're not going through everything
alone like Jacob you're not you know we
lost pop - okay and I promise you if you
need to talk mommy will bring you over
here anytime you need to okay you
understand
you got your pizza mm-hmm was it good
yeah he's right he's gotcha hey you got
mama - you need somebody to talk to you
got mom like look I know it's hard it's
really hard we all lost pop and there's
a hole in our hearts but you know number
one look at me and I'm being so very
serious when I tell you this no more
trouble in school okay kaykai's no look
at me no jokes listen to me it's hard
but you can't be messing up at school
like that
school is important okay all right
I love you keep them good Jenny all
right
you
