what's going on you guys kids behind the
camera here pretty much yeah
right there and today is actually Monday
today is Monday and today we are taking
my nephew's out school clothes shopping
well how much blah blah say school's
almost over it's actually just friggin
large-screen not almost over all they
have is like winter clothes and we
haven't really had a winter they're good
in summer clothes yeah where you have
some shorts and stuff like that so we're
taking them shopping also my other
nephew we promised a pair of shoes too
we forgot to get them over yeah we got
to get em a pair of shoes so that's what
we're doing today we're going to
grandpa's we're taking the nephew school
clothes shopping we're taking the women
up your school shoe shopping and then
we're coming home and playing video
games
yeah oh my gosh I want to play um head
man I've just been working towards
playing that game all day I want to get
all this over with I want to go shopping
I want to go play hitman I'm done with
the intro you I'm done too
I like that oh I want to just in
national say you're talking for a minute
I agree so howhow are you guys doing
today okay so in July so you're out
there help at all same I got its own
what okay what about five minutes ago
whatever thing you're doing other she
just is standing there mine is just over
glass box
Michael this thing is so heavy yes we'll
do three why does he get back I was
going through it
why because I needed to find to be cute
and it wasn't there but be nice to it oh
don't we break my stop Louis are you
guys okay we're good I think my stuff
forgives you think I wasn't even talking
about that room or is still filming I'm
talking about that room what about it
this room what about it it's bigger and
better so what what are you saying so I
think we should know thank you please I
want you fine I
we should move your stuff to one of
those other I don't think so but my
daughter to the best room so I gotta get
all my shit out of here you're saying
I'm I mean yeah a little I don't like
you back up I don't think you near the
room this is my stuff my room you all
first week off I don't want you in here
this is my private area Michael I don't
want people on hammer to see it what's
in there my boys my fucking rapping boy
what's wrong like that it's probably
they haven't seen it oh yeah but it's
embarrassing every time it's humiliating
but it's the dark come on look
no please walk ahead of it you're
leaving I just I want to see if I'm
right about the right thing yeah this is
way bigger and better yeah of course
it's way bigger dude what's that matter
you closet damn what does that matter
dude I just think we should move all
your your stuff to another room Bridget
if you want for a guest to stay in the
house
yeah then what the hell dude yeah I mean
this room is just better they got two
rooms Tim was fine in the other room the
girls will find in the other room this
is my room okay but what if what if we
have kids one day then I'll move out of
this room but until then oh you are it
no probably not
oh come on maybe oh this is my area
Bridget don't even film anything in it
well maybe you're right I mean those
urns are closer to a bathroom like if we
ever had a kid sorry look at this dude
okay this is my area we're going to
leave now okay all right but focusing
all my wrestling no we have to leave
okay
thoughtfully okay oh yes a fucking
wheelchair broke his leg like that yeah
I think you had we stopped
this shit right now we have to take my
napkin
okay I'm awaiting it's not cute lights
out
okay there you go okay okay nice burger
best burgers guys that's what it's like
riding a carpool kids
Olive Garden we're going on a
superburger five times five is order
burger burger burger burger burger I
don't get it oh shit oh shit oh shit
okay hey guys gauzy not do booger booger
booger booger what's funny about that I
don't know my holy terrors is always
good Oh watch your popular filthy God
you kids crazy
hey what purse purse purse purse purse
purse nothing oh just make it shut up
now hi
okay you guys we're going to get some
shoes these boys are filthy the hell you
think your kids are learning math and
social studies in school they're
learning how to talk shit okay would you
want more dance school math or how to
talk shit oh yeah you don't say the word
we're going shopping
oh my gosh it up today would you are you
boys fighting back there yeah oh damn it
kagome's oh yeah it's a wholesome family
leave it alone
okay so just now we're going Drummond
reporting on some dumb bitch
funny you like you like Jesus coming to
go to run across today dumb bitch day
ways on wrong
that's higher straight up Latimer yeah I
don't know you guys
yeah are screwed yes Jacob can you get a
seat both yeah Oh God hear it you're not
getting anything now
hi guys oh my god no need now we're
about the fucker yeah we're here now so
right now we're walking to the shoe
carnival hold on boys just now this lady
walks by two of y'all have all boys how
do we look
I guess I look 14 I look like I gotta
have four kids all right guys come on we
don't you darlin what about sure you
were thank you thank you
well I think he's putting shoe back on
yeah we trying off your shoe echoing
them silly shoes here you go
he's a perfect try that on let Jimmy try
it on this is nice you know this is
where cookie dough no real serious a
wing your where's the auto and be on
your way man little she wanted to you oh
oh you wanna film this little bit about
how you doing doing uh how are you Gary
we run into hello Kyra think you're
muted
oh yeah hello how are you doing good
good
yeah no more candy
hello how are you
pretty good pretty good doing better he
just uh went crazy on the swimming pool
just now yeah that's good yeah lots of
letters no more candy either I'm gonna
take a business in Italy okay all right
he took me on that every arrow oh no
we're the reason she's bad oh you know
it's our fault
blame us I see that shit with you I've
been doing a brother just came home
oh yeah yeah but broke out of jail
I think her favorite one is the shadow
people
oh yeah that was a pony we had no idea
we were doing he was one of the shadow
people
well he was all right boys shut up shut
up mom we just got the cold call getting
a little bit of clothes
our main priority Oh watch out hey come
on I don't want them buddy getting hit
on our car oh my god obviously what what
is this a game dude she's like so none
of us yeah he's like well okay all right
our main priority day is Johnny getting
some new clothes
we killed you'll get some too thank you
I'm the main look on there for that I
like those shorts buddy they look pretty
good
what do you think hi besides your shoe
untied okay come on Tashi but yeah okay
what did not even go on your foot
it wasn't even wearing the shoes are you
mean it is unique
come on man get your shoes on I like
this charge okay great now I'm gonna try
these on nice now you know your size so
I mean look at this sort speak it happen
there no such a cheat day
yeah so you were 29 yep total until
we're done shopping don't fill boy up
you're draining me
I don't want kids virgin you know yeah
my kid loved one come on people are
anything guys I want to give a shout out
to Mike
Daniel five and Heather and Heather
daddy oh five mommy you'll find I don't
know how you do it
I love Cody but I feel like if I was
dealing with Cody on their match up a
little redheaded ass though I love you
guys you guys you know are awesome and I
how did he do it
today I was uncle o4 and today I was and
so for I wasn't feelin it I like Daddy
if I present y'all yeah oh oh okay so
one covers babies I bought to cover the
lid go ahead everybody at once ready go
well you see Southside we're going home
what's going on you guys it is now the
next day we took the kids school shoe
shopping yesterday after the vlog was
over with and I didn't tell anymore in
the night was the next day but I wanted
to start vlogging right now because I
just found something and I don't know
how to I don't know how to take it so
only your class opinion on if I should
shower or not so I was just a little
shaken up about this so which is the
bathroom just now when I woke up and I
felt this it is a pregnancy test an
ovulation test and like whatever our
fucking care checks I don't know and it
really starts to
like rain true to what what I don't know
what it's too early for this you guys is
she trying to get pregnant I mean she is
what she don't talk to me about it
pregnancy test ovulation test care check
if she is it for a prank
no not for prank you guys do you member
earlier in the vlog we were upstairs
cleaning out that top bedroom she wanted
to straighten it up why is that is it
for our kid put a crib in guys I really
think she's trying to get pregnant
Oh obviously she is right why else do I
ask her about it click like if I asked
her about it this especially after the
day we had yesterday with the kids and
how crazy they were and how they were
school has it was insane you guys they
were talking insane the kids were crazy
yesterday so you were more you want that
for us you want us to be daddy on time
you want us to walk it through stores
free came out do i I want kids with
Bridgette okay I love bridges I'm going
to marry I'm going to marry the girl one
day we're going to have kids but I don't
know for one right now I'm not getting
any younger
this is set my shit I don't know what
the hell else to take this she's trying
to get pregnant do I talk to her about
it I don't know if I'm ready guys ah
well that's gonna be it for today guys
thanks for watching today was crazy with
the kids
I already told when we got a bullshitter
I already told him that was yesterday oh
yeah sometimes you guys we do the outro
the next day because we forgot to do one
so yeah artists or artists home while
you're sleeping
oh alright yesterday was crazy you guys
it was definitely crazy like they were
bad it was fun I'm not ready for kids I
mean I'm not either
okay cut the bullshit can't do it
I wasn't going to do this what what
found it
Michael a fan sontha yeah guys they said
we should start having kids what do you
have what are you really doing with this
we call look I'm not mad I just would
like to beat here takes box and I would
just like to be included Michael he's a
baby
well I don't know ovulation test
pregnancy test care check what the hell
the care check I was fucking now a fan
sent it they were like they even set the
bullshit about we should just like make
kids now yeah but what's up with the
room yesterday huh you had to clean out
the frickin room and you wanted to take
that room your sisters coming babe oh
yeah oh yeah want a kid just hey excuse
me
I like be included over here I don't
care for you're not having it with me no
was that no is she laughing yeah so so
yeah I care hey father you're right I'm
sorry you're right okay I know I I'm not
ready for I want to play games
I don't want it right now I forgot to
play hitman we're redoing the App Store
without we're redoing the outro we're
going to pretend it was yesterday
I don't we pay attention to me we're
keeping all cutting all this out I sell
fishes my peaceful and quiet life with
you I didn't know what I don't want to
hear it we're cutting all this out we're
redoing the outro pretending it was
yesterday
ok ok but hurry up
I really embarrassed myself that forget
it that's all ask me about this board
about three hours like you a screw head
seriously after yesterday I was like
what the hell she's thinking anyway
we're going to get out of here you guys
thanks for watching like subscribe
favorite mom on everything does
and I am really happy I'm really
relieved thank God I'm actually late so
what like oh girl we seriously but it's
probably nothing
