all right we were about to walk into
grandpa he probably he did a lot of work
in the house I'm film before we go in
see how it looks
Wow holy Wow
I thought the cameras picking this up
how clean the walls are but I'm still
around Kim Ellen she how much work you
did other than for bed Wow Wow it looks
so good Wow dude this is nice
well I try to look it all good - right
uh-huh
I can try to pulled off the eyebrows
look dude that's not right oh no it's
coming back a little bit - might have
grown back good damn I'm a hairy vetch
yeah yeah I shaved my pubes they go back
in an hour
mmm so I move it so here we are at
grandpa town really it really does hold
excreted by the lizard good see I gotta
give it to dad my job good Wow
Lauren nice job or John and John so here
John today
she's doing the linen look Linda our
standing in mommy she dresses like Elvis
she dresses up like lidded who's that
dress up like freakin damn little no
jack women she just come up with all
that yeah oh yeah well it looks good in
here
Babu at all Masum to wardrobe
oh wow this is crazy Bridget
hey boys and they did somebody say oh
shit oh don't cover this one you filming
yep all right you guys did your grandpa
in I had a big surprise for him
and are you ready totally for that
they're done they're not doing it
physically crota I heard about those
Crona they make me go that spells mean
business true
well we cash the text without throwing
up you got invented growing up owns that
name so this is respond owner they're
not throwing under your heard it for
this dad is my favorite one this is the
bacon maple bacon please we go to maple
bacon products because that we take the
language hopefully doesn't like despite
only their comedic antics louder victim
I don't like them because they're way
too sweet he's all like that motorway
huh we're in a fighter like you know I'm
a mighty only one the things I like
Prada
why don't you like it she's sweet oh
there's this friend
it's my breakfast Wow once all this more
one well so much for this this walk same
one you're good Oh God hey girl I hate
cronuts yeah really yeah it'll go bigger
okay we'll try nothing yeah ten
chocolate one dead is me talking oh okay
all right
this one is sea salt caramel chocolate
this is last shot Bridget you close in I
love them in a while Michael I must be
alone
if the caramel keep that in there
okay good donut is over everybody girl
watch does not like cronut or the
croissant doughnut enjoy desperate I do
not love your dope that is respond what
kind of doughnut that place quickly now
they're not I can do that no no he's got
a folded after drip
well that moments over he was not good
money either $80.00 god well if it's a
DV cam because I spent $125 aperture to
have a lobster roll that's all you good
man
I love of God being Michael willful and
thank you we're all saying is though
happy Monty room hopefully you go down
Adam yeah yeah alright we're done
covering the onesie twosie up on we'll
see you smile some of that she tears
ha ha ha ha nice award using a good luck
right Crona so you found out of cold
another end when you think the dog that
rocket burns much see crows oh yeah you
got did it ever look so I want to eat
proto's be beaten and proximate
that you might otherwise yeah yep even
closer to Clara yep
be making some sloppy joes huh sloppy
joes and tear hot but he believed he
didn't like the cronut that's up high
line that's a pretty big thing that
goddamn up other stuff you brought one
day I need a mountain s you know keys
nothing these demos a jerk exp yeah we
wouldn't like we're just say what didn't
you like about it it was good at cake
plate no I'm talking about the firm that
what didn't you like
everything you ate at everything I
didn't like it kinda thought it was
overly sweet it was like pendulum
someone no no what about you stuff yeah
I don't know I like regular donut donut
so all that plain cake let's go to
Krispy Kreme one - man I buddy Krispy
Kreme in a long minute we need to go
whenever the lights on yeah whenever
lies when it's hot and ready yeah whore
out I've never run like a whore l you've
been a whorehouse with lights on it it's
light a donate and go go on come on in
Charlie they're hot and ready I love it
yeah I understand what your marriages
hot red baby eyelid okay you know will
empty out quick
Sam shooting and letting some cheap shit
say part water fish
you know like you got enough don't go
out of oil if you did we'll go home
we'll give you tomorrow and these are
all and we'll get mama live in ok I'm
not giving you a history now I'm not
probably offer charity oils
I'm for charity
no let's give polity of death and carry
oil burn is heavenly been like this you
pause and be not good like it was just
when I come over I was thinking of all
the Sinead done and said when you're not
in here
why does it have skin oil it's like
purple no let's cut up some flower look
good
one thing at a lot three things oil when
you guys go to dancing odd name let's do
it with Bill got another idea
all right Lars got to go to Dollar
General oh my god what if left row free
the hell are you thinking buying
cholesterol free always boys water I
think I got I love you think you're
myself huh - yeah so those Friday oh oh
my god bro I won't forget LOD you didn't
take the old on street little please
sending out more hinder Oh camera angry
grandpa you just won the Super Bowl
what are you gonna do now well I'm just
go to go dogs you don't give me some oil
yeah yay
and you can drive my car not bitch Bob
you don't want no one drives a vide by
nobody
have you tried was like oh yeah I tried
no I travel and Yannick
like ah turn turn wasn't shit kids it's
so hard I know I am remember you're not
okay no regular living woman yeah so
remember honey hey Catherine got that
shit Oh dad what
I don't you want a joke I don't think
about this stuff no put that cat about
face I know jokes all I want come on
down
don't make my image laugh you our guilt
oh you laugh a lot
but you know that though it makes me
feel awkward you are awkward what's
funny over there she knows you're
awkward doesn't like she's laughing you
like awkward duckling god I don't want
to be dad's tongue waggling side to side
up close like the I catch and I need a
raise only come on when you cover it
ha we just did hey what sunny sure oh my
god right there
hey since aw man I defy we him he is
laughing Oh would you see that is so fun
did you do that it will remind I had a
hard time to slip down the frickin guy
that would have been awful
but he's doing funny woman yeah okay
alright Paul oh god we just did a video
of a grandpa
he wanted to do a video talking to you
guys he wasn't even you're talking to
you guys telling you what's going on
about the cancer everything that's
happening you did it now I'm tired a
little emotional but we did it that's
going up tomorrow tower now do it I love
it is what are you guys all ready to go
freeze you know anyway that a kiss bye
sure if I have Barbara's you can
kiss me oh wait we're out of here
they we're such opposites no I won the
camera you're holding my purposes I
don't like real men hopefully all right
let me plug gun give me a hug
I love you Jimmy really take care of hot
bed does the kids know yet oh man all
right were you doing Jay little buddy
you just killing in here all right well
you look leavin wasn't watching YouTube
we watching Grimm on that wood I don't
see us popping up on this list yet
nauseous
why don't you watching why did none of
our family does bye Jay I'll see you
later on a pork I know we're do not
important to anyone you guys watch uh my
grandma watches us yeah her grandma
called one day like like a week ago
Oh God was it you watch The Bella Twins
yeah I watch them too like a week ago
her grandma caught oh I just watched
your vlog oh it was cute cover the day
we're not well that's going to be a free
day of guys thanks for watching before I
got out of here I wanted to tell you
guys a little bit about the video we
uploaded today with Grandpa so dad and
I'm really sad about it makes me sad
dad wanted to talk to you guys about the
cancer he feels like it hasn't been as
transparent as it should be that you
guys don't know enough and you wanted to
sit down and tell you guys all about it
the cancer the treatment all of that so
we sat down today and that's the video
we did we talked to what we talked about
the cancer we talked about this past we
talked about treatment and we talked
about the future of the channel so I
want you guys to watch that video going
up tomorrow there's also some aftermath
for that going in tomorrow's vlog but
anyway I'm gonna get out of here sorry
so that was grandpa trying to cronut I'm
surprised he didn't like it if they're
really not that good
Bridgette hated that day she was like
you guys call the bullshit that's
interesting that's her way of saying
I'll fuck this mathlete the shit is
that's my way of saying I'm never eating
another one ever ever what was the real
cronut that's like the knockoff chronic
can we try bleep the real quick idea the
actual real Kroger
so anyway that's going to be it for
today guys thanks for watching had a
pretty good day got a lot of acrobats in
tomorrow's vlog
thanks for watching like subscribe
favorite come on everything for us and
remember tomorrow we are uploading the
video or anger grandpa updates everybody
on this cancer and he wants you guys to
see it that's what we're doing
hire him do another like like we just
got to be possible I'm trying to be
positive I promise he's gonna get
through though I know I get more more so
I get more worried when he's worried
like when he's talking about like maybe
he should have gotten to it sooner that
kind of stuff
I know if I you thought it also look at
the history of degree and what my
grandma died of cancer
no I mean webicon yeah yeah nobody has
cancer that's not a hypochondriac then
maybe it's making a big it's worse maybe
maybe I know I hope not
I'm gonna get out of here I want
property where with it I'm gonna get out
of here thanks for watching you guys
thank you so much for all your support
you guys have been seriously through
this whole thing I did it
no you guys cared so much it's really
amazing guys are truly amazing it's one
of those things were like I watch them
like wow yeah look at all the love and
the likes in the comments you guys are
seriously the bad
and I didn't know I mean I already knew
you guys for the best but I know you
guys was Vista but thanks for watching
you guys
family I'm you like describe Facebook
home on everything for to us another in
face he's cold
I'm just playing on table I know thank
you guys
