what's going on you guys kid behind the
camera here oh I see yeah right there
and today is Thursday and today I need
you lingerie robot I know the closure
wearing smelled like trash
you know what hey be cool don't weren't
really tries to I don't know like Chad
she's not like Chad no sweet you smell
like tries Valentine's Days over the
love is gone
you smell like trash you smell like
we're some chats look a landfill
you shall we go Stuart you smell like
wet dog okay
you got to keep coming up with you learn
it's like crawfish oh my god you smell
like chicken left in the garbage that's
too far you'd really go fridge that day
that we had cauliflower
Udrih like all the cabinet's you know a
boiled cabbage
oh and cabbages are how do you know you
smell old cabbage before you are your
friend
yours you you know you smell like
remember have time we got a bag of
onions trapped behind a washing machine
of the apartment and it runs all alpha
that's you I win today is Thursday and
today I've got one more surprise for
Bridget for Valentine's Day it's being
delivered in a few hours oh my god this
is for you too what is being delivered
in a few hours
are you serious we are totally in sync
you guys oh I'm good in sync and she's
in sync without Justin Timberlake he's
like that joke was our shit though that
was hit - you smell shit no more smell
jokes okay yeah I think I can smell it
the whole thing's base because bit dirty
like okay
intro over okay first I need to throw
these away and no catch meow
how about that ha ha oh god I'm in a
queue outside how about this here we are
coconut man yeah you're joking just so
what I'm upstairs
I'm scared lieutenant show
kidding why not what happened to catch
me ah how about that we're outside how
about that how about that I just looked
down at the hawk acute bevel is being so
I had to film it my shadows like oh I'm
sorry but I couldn't get how cute you
were because my big fat shadow is
blocking you sorry about that girl
bridge just paste me in the ass
knock it off I'm sorry I want to film
bill oh all right girl so everybody can
sit fella
fit well you make him look like a liar
stick so I'm sitting here watching The
Cooking Channel and it is showing these
things
bizzy's and it reminds me of a story man
I guess I can't overthrow back
it's a story by the time that I'm most
choked and died it is crazy to 100% true
it's Kim's fault cuff so you guys about
this later
yeah I almost choked and died I'm going
to tell that story for you guys later
from throwback I've not told a story in
a long time a lot of people been asking
for it though yeah I almost choked to
death though that's coming later brave
just got a late Valentine's Day present
in the mail ready to open this yes what
is this even has a key to my heart you
know what it is yet now don't you take
some of the stuff off the ground to
lobster
yep what is it you always wanted to try
a lobster roll
yeah oh my god will you make your car
just like that let's see so okay so
you've got four rolls to put it on it
gives you see salt butter and mayonnaise
and fresh lobster straight from Maine
are you guys I got this straight up from
the best lobster place in Maine I looked
them up it was a lot of work we've got
it goes right back bridges like region
is blue is fresh Lobster so basically
I don't know how to cook it but the
directions are right here so this came
from the stuffing the King bunked in or
something so if you've ever had a ton of
reviews and they give me directions on
how to cook its again my friends are
finally gonna taste a lobster oh my gosh
there's always one to Taiwan now this
right here is fresh knuckle and crazy
whatever meat straight from Maine lot
straight-up fresh lobster huh right I
read the directions it says cook I do
not think about Lobster okay so easier
I'm mixing it cold
it says to keep refrigerated until ready
to serve so yeah I said that and it
gives me a tube of sauce it's not just
manage the confession of all I'll use a
400 I already see pick you guys what
Bridget does how's that look
it looks awesome you know yeah look good
the natthew something no it's amazing
take this okay next up is a roll so you
have to toast the roll so I have sought
one side of it it's still toasting so
we're going to be here a minute
I think how is that other sauces Michael
well lick off the tube
Michael realize what is it that's the
food I ordered you Normie food tonight
did or a couple of fat bug can't go
Roger foodies erotic I'll be right back
watch your roll
I go what is it from the donut pub
there's donut No Oh sunshine your roll
awaits me oh my god I was really stupid
Michael as almost done we're going to
lobster roll how much time to you meats
know what now I don't have to go to
Maine for a lobster roll check that out
nice and warm inside damn one second
Wow oh gosh you're so cool I think I
really wish I like seafood I know me too
I got feel like this would be so good
never we McDonald's for a lobster roll
yeah no wonder what kind of meat that
actually was definitely not hey not
lobster definitely not lobster what do
you think like crawdad no I don't know I
don't want to think about it check it
out you guys
oh I did it this is the sea salt butter
that they recommend you drizzle right
over it yeah Bridget your first
experience with a lobster fucking roll
I can't believe I'm about to eat a
freaking lobster roll Brady's been
telling me she wanted to go to Maine we
could get one of these you Guinea
lobster my buddy a lobster rolls good
you want to go to Maine and get anything
note the name really I'm a Maine man
okay one more big bite for the campus
wouldn't get a bunch of options one bite
isn't really good is anything I thought
I've been there you go folks lobster
roll for Bridget happy Valentine's Day
so who's even in your head two boxes in
here they're doughnut it came from New
York the chronic no see you don't really
care about you know that it is prone to
be up oh holy shit
screw that Bridget Michael is always
always want to try a cronut as much as I
want to try lobster roll now make this
the place that I've been at the crota
that's like forget it man but it's still
yeah it's a cronut man I got I got to
try it good yeah that's interesting so I
told you guys earlier today that I would
tell you the story about the time that I
almost choked to that and it's
surprising how many times I almost died
of again like seriously yeah oh my god
it's too much and I'm thankful you're
alive now listen just real quick
calculated I was almost kidnapped frets
rolled in my head I almost shot myself
in the head you guys you guys if you
want to hear that story click like about
the time that I almost shot myself it
was not anything to put suicide it was a
total accident let me know the comments
section you want to hear it
smack the like button it is a messed-up
story this is about the time that I
almost choked to death now when we were
kids we would always go to church dad
would take us to church on Sundays on
Wednesdays every Saturday we would go to
store parking lots and try to put bring
people to the church by asking if
they're saved we were total churchgoers
all the time and while we were there
usually they would do communion and if
you don't know what communion is I don't
know what communion is I don't know what
it represents but it's like you eat
bread to represent I guess the bread
that Jesus made or something and you
drink wine that represents like his
blood and the kids would always get
grape juice in these little wafers they
were really paper-thin
no flavored wafers and they burned your
tongue you mean you know body of Christ
so you eat B you eat the bread you drink
the grape juice and you just took part
in communion so my sister and I decided
to play communion at the house so we got
Welch's grape juice and we didn't have
those little paper thin wafers but what
we did have was alka-seltzer thank God
if you guys don't know what alka-seltzer
is you have a headache you drop it in a
glass of water and it fizzes up and it's
like headache medicine so there I am in
the bathroom tim is being the preacher
she gives me the grape juice I drink it
and she gives me two alka-seltzer
tablets and I put it in my mouth and go
to swallow it and I can't my little
child throat is not big enough to
swallow alka-seltzer and it's fizzing in
my throat I can feel it if you think of
the whole burning through my throat as a
matter of fact that's what this is a
serious no I just thought of thought
that it's a bridge it
that's a little hole on my neck that I
got when I was born you guys yeah here's
that guy's posing your mama come on man
you don't know what head I want people
to do the whole skin tag and the doctor
ripped it off there was a hole under it
I never healed or something is
humiliating it's cute I love taking the
crust out god this is go up the way okay
okay you're sorry anyways Jim gave me
two outfit ulcers I go to swallow and
now I'm choking to that I'm like oh my
god I'm turning blue frickin mom comes
in there oh my god she's trying to give
me the Heimlich maneuver I pass out I
don't know what happens next
I woke up at the hospital I had tubes
running through me Kim
you almost freaking killed me Wow okay
now can almost kill you Kimberly almost
killed me you guys tell him you want to
hear her side of the story because I'd
love to know what happened after I
passed out I've never asked I never
found out all I know is I passed out in
the bathroom I woke up in the hospital
and I almost choked to death oh my god
that is so scary and sad very scary
it's very sad all day what the yep
there's out the rails again I'm sorry
Mike I just really wanted to give you a
kiss he could have died right many years
ago many time oh my god oh my god anyway
that's the story you guys want the time
that I almost choked to death by taking
an alka-seltzer because I thought I was
taking communion at her place so happy
it was really funny Kim had a pillowcase
over her head look like a nun and by the
way we were Baptist well I don't know
why she was I don't know why yeah she
was being a nun baths just don't have
none so fishy but she was she had a
pillow case right here she was being a
nun body of Christ and puts it on my
tongue like oh god it was instant the
feeling that I can describe as this
fizzing is every time that I feel like a
bank heist movie and somebody has like a
torch and they're like going through
like a door I got telling
but something was eating away at my
throat
so that's the story let Kim know in the
comments if you want to hear her side of
the story maybe she can get mom involved
in it
because I won't know what happened all I
remember was yeah a lemur popping out
all I remember was a hospital and we
live close to a hospital so I don't know
what happened at that time I know they
pumped my stomach that much I know
they pumped my frickin stomach but
anyway that's the story I almost choked
to death it's time to get a thumbnail
then do the outro right now we're kind
of thing a thumbnail for the vlog I
gotta look like I'm choking no not let
me know your image it
ah little group no let me check if
that's with me a hand choking me we'll
talk about alka-seltzer oh yeah 200
weight without a little bit was choking
myself a little more like I'm grabbing
for I think that was good for one more
move my eyes crotch ready yeah oh my god
this gives me a headache this is Rob's
dude well they're not good no we've been
here for monsters well I can't do this
um maybe you should actually took on
water once are you serious or something
yeah for some now give me some water
guys don't try this at home I am a
trained professional no you're not of
course I'm in fact don't choke on this
like pretend to choke on us know what's
important giving it to me I don't now
have water is missing at your mouth are
you serious ah bullshit yeah I can't I'm
gonna have to swallow it really hard
where I hurts my throat ready yeah
Oh Oh God I might buy my work so are you
okay I'm starting to think you're trying
to magic water that I do nothing to me I
don't feel a good help none if it
connects your mouth again if you want
hold up oh my god yeah
happy we're all good yes okay I just
overdid it now okay outro well that's
going to be up here today do guys thanks
for watching
that's a sort of the time that I almost
done of course I almost choked to death
remember click like if you want to hear
about the third where I almost shot
myself in the head it's pretty dope guys
it scares me to think about I hate it it
was a totally messed up story let me
know if you guys want to hear it my
shirt web you can let your hair anyway
we're going to get out of here thanks
for watching you guys going over to
Grandpa's house tomorrow I think I'm
gonna have a try cronut ah like
subscribe favorite on everything but I
and that's it Allen guys so much metal
kissing oh it's a happier life
ok I love you so much why is it
happening and I just love you ha ha are
we doing with the sentiment hey how
about that one how about then was that
me well I just there's cameras on
