what's going on you guys kid with some
eyebrows here vigilante yeah with um
some eyebrows a little bit a little bit
of eyebrows
today it's Sunday and today we are going
over to Grandma's
today is Sunday dinner and again we're
no longer a day ahead so this is
actually Sunday and we're going to
Sunday dinner with anger grandpa should
bring a pot roast
yes that was your big contribution yeah
okay so today grandpa made pot roast and
we're headed over there and I'm just
admiring lab rose because I look good
you know what let's see yours I don't
think that's embarrassing not quite
there folks but to make you feel better
I don't think we're doing an anniversary
our Valentine's Day without eyebrows
yeah I think they're going to be back by
then and like I say that's only to say
I'm gonna high brow
yes I'm not gonna have a girl
Valentine's Day without eyebrows we'll
see hopefully today is Sunday the day
we're going to grandpa's individual yeah
let's start this day Michael Scott I
don't know wise Michael's all but style
Bridget Michael style okay I did not do
it did you
no why Mogi gizzards riding on the
painting oh there is not anything I feel
jeans at the bottom of it oh I wonder
who that is
ah so terrified God we don't know what's
going on this door keeps opening yeah
why and it's usually my morning here one
appointee shown the door
you just focusing my face yeah get ready
gotta feed myself
I'm sorry I'm like dad
yeah okay beyond saying the door and he
just likes Tara to me you look at the
door don't turn the camera okay you know
what I wanted it
you're recording this I'm keeping you in
the vlog oh yeah no you're not I am film
it guys you see that okay so the baby
has led us all to come efficient whose
fault that argument was I think it was
Burgess I chose this you so what is on
thing
what's also for instance oh my god look
at that door yeah it's not weird I was
talking don't interrupt me how about
that how did you were I was anyway and
anyhow that you turns the door I'll do
it look at this you guys I don't know
how this is happening
neither was happening I think it's Felix
not a go didn't know what am I going to
do with the light and a Caesar door
walked inside Oh see what are you still
thinking
where you going this we're going to
grandpa's like in two minutes
that's on us how to eat ice cream no it
isn't like we have to go now then I
guess this will be same we're ending
broke so I want something so get
something you don't get why are we
fighting so much I don't know I thought
we loved each other just not right
of course I love Robbie what a joke
about Oh give me a hug to me I will cry
facilities now you Wow
whoo I couldn't make that look for real
give me a hug my man so you needed ones
like this coddled risk map on the lion
grab it I'll be impoverished
you know what I'm going to cancer your
bday present what is it I'm not telling
you you mean how I look right now
they'll go astray it's definitely like a
little stretchy
because our math with it where's my
father
you ain't my daddy who you put up dad
are you doing all right down here for
dinner
thank you you aren't you it√≠s been
doing yes'm you were all happy now you
hate me upset
jump you seem happy we got tofu okay so
you made hot we'll sit down toku go it
come soon you're going to get tough with
you yeah
flying Oh still very spot where that oh
man
we don't make sense no okay well I hate
hi what I'm going to hell all that you
quit hi guys ha ha ha
I just got quills up slow down ok
yesterday I called the ball grandpa quit
smoking well you can you call it wrong
you did some awesome you are my boss no
down well I haven't Sunday yeah I'll
leave your cheers but here you can toast
your cigarette Cheers
alright wherever grandpa's you guys give
a little bit of Sunday dinner patro
looking forward to it I already put some
oysters take us everything else dressing
nope it's dressing
back Jesus it was breezy no put it yeah
biscuit name you know business all games
me right but I got to see that in
Melbourne not ever for the past couple
of days dad has been ducking everybody's
called management champ Kim call result
kim's call me for a minute and I'm going
to force that and talk to her
hello okay hold on one second hey Kim
just saying your dad you want to talk to
him I'm cooking don't worry I can hold a
speaker I thought maybe I got okay
it didn't work hey daughter or later
okay I'm gonna get kicked out for Sunday
dinner Kim so I'm gonna go and get off
your goddamn phone hey what's up good
right understand speaker how are you
feeling how's your back to you oh how
you feel
I don't know it's only speaker oh this
your speaker worked see what spot on
your back still hurt
yeah hurt new hers too yeah I know and
popped up know about it here on my neck
and he be our lady way he just hated me
the photo said oh yeah he's he's
ignoring me I'm going on yeah okay
got to get off him hey pick it up I'm
crying oh my god I got hung up she's
gone
Oh God okay cook your alternet relax now
I know daddy gets pissed off when I say
relax but you gotta realize you're gonna
be alright government what budget sorry
what
is he still testing us on fire
he's just he's in there
shut up okay I'm sorry complicate me
with you I forgive you don't kick your
money I forgive you
good joob goddamn shot my hand oh I
thought you told me to come here now how
would you tell me there was a come here
I forgive you know more about it huh get
: mashed potatoes don't worry sweetie
there was great yes there will be gravy
Bobby you can't even - after I told you
does that mean because you could you
taste tester Oh
g-man
Here I am ready to eat okay mac and
cheese cabbage
you know you rub overs hand
go ahead now that is a choice oh yeah
good for is it for me let's go sit down
sit down
I happen to like dirt dogs they feel
good against my leg okay we just got
sent a link on Twitter apparently
somebody has made a GoFundMe account in
dad's name I don't need you money to pay
for cancer guys we've got all this come
got it covered
nobody has come to us about any kind of
gold five weeks we're not getting any
offence we don't want no money we don't
want anything we take we're taking care
of this ourselves
so any GoFundMe is fraudulent and not
cover to us most of your car is not that
size no money I don't need your money
please don't send money take your money
and five groceries pay your bills we've
got this we've got you guys so if
there's somebody setting up a GoFundMe
they I'm not spirited through me and I
don't know what their intentions are if
they're going to send it to us we don't
want it we don't want you need to close
the GoFundMe if that's the case and
refund everybody but if you didn't earn
it
thank you but it just made my little
buddy God get you bitch why don't you I
will you see the mama Oh down calm down
I don't know why they were doing that
but you know just the end after
intention well what are you going there
kids didn't do it's like you start with
guys it's probably true guys don't sit
and weep donate to no bill fun meet on
our behalf because we don't need you got
nothing to do with it we love you and we
thank it but we don't need your money
about the dinner yes we got this I'm
handsome the cancer treatment we got
yeah let's bang Chris Bridget to do this
on your paper in your pocket Oh
so what are you saying I will be all
over bugger
yeah I want you to miss subscribers on
web off whore I'll give you whatever you
do think so the golden play button yeah
was a grandma corner one is so cool okay
nice
but you guys subscribe you're at like
almost 700,000 I think huh I think there
what that time is over thousand I know
it and that's a long way to go man I
think if you get a million we should
shapers I've up
no that's enough that is enough that's
not not made of something well I let it
get it that's like it you know I mean
yeah if you can't get back to take the
ones I got no fish I want your old ones
all ones and Red's off horn okay I'm
just saying if you take it a million
what did I just won't get me uses them
and you have the grandpa grandpa showing
no although my grandpa's corn okay done
and too much asshole no it's fine you're
at the settlement about them where you
going to put it all faisal push grip
nice I'll do that nerd every ready to
well recording yep just before leaving
grandpa's right now you recorded the
whole thing yes guys I don't know if
that's possible dad wants to get to 1
million on grandpa's corner now you see
how many he has right now I would love
for you guys to be able to pull this off
dude this would be insane and look it's
a lot to ask
there's probably a few hundred thousand
right he has 650,000 Wow 750 850 not me
I don't know why I had to do that with
my fingers you guys three hundred fifty
thousand so he needs another 350 and
we're going to be uploading videos if
you guys can get grandpa's corner to 1
million subscribers I know what we're
going to do but it's going to be great I
want to cheer this dude up The Bachelor
we need to do guys can you do it can we
do it
oh my gosh guys 1 million to grandpa's
corner start subscribe
we send it to all your friends I would
be so cool that would be amazing so
that's what you want that's what I
wanted to have subscribe to grandpa's
corner yeah hey what is for what I've
been mean all right I'm sorry about that
okay
you stood come on I'm just kidding I
know real boy I'm kid I was just it was
a joke I'm sorry I just it's been a lot
of my mind I know I shouldn't take that
out on you go I know
I know I'm sorry too just a lot to deal
with
I know and then somebody like trying to
make money I had awesome that was sick
people making and now I don't want to
you know I don't know if these people
are making it to actually give the money
to that if that's the case please close
the thing because I got this handled you
guys I saved my money that you know I'm
here to help that out so we got I while
I appreciate it that's why you're doing
it I don't need you to do it now if
you're doing it to pockets money
yes that's fucked up profiting off of
that that's fucked up it's my dad's life
so that's the one thing I guess but I am
sorry for being so mean sorry I'm sorry
too well that was neither well that's
going to be a pretty dated guys thanks
for watching had a pretty good day had a
lot of anxiety issues off-camera that it
was hard to I didn't talk about it but
you know this is very I'm very anxious
during all this yeah Michael bashed my
head in the play don't you don't lie
about that kind of stuff I know I did
obviously I'm why they're right here no
but don't don't even live in a silver
right anyway don't lie
some fucked up prisons are the only
person keeping me sane right now oh you
do know how to have you laugh I'll give
you that excuse me more bash your head
oh now really hey you're really who make
it happen also the cutting up takes a
lotta love your face anyway I'm gonna
get out of here thanks for watching you
guys again I don't say it enough thank
you guys for all the support you've
given us it's amazing
thanks for watching like subscribe
favorite follow on everything for Dilla
and what should we do for 1 million see
Rob
grandpa's corner should we shape or
something how about now how about you
just a family's no you're totally
amazing what's on by the way my crown
bribe no favorite is that oh hey guys
subscribe
