two weeks what I'm your son your best
friend is put to tell me the shit you
can't - sweet I don't work either MJ
Warren G GU told me I told her shut him
out I kick her out and I would if she
told me my cancer we could've got the
ball rolling silver we got to call the
Cancer Center we got to call cancer
research Bridgette no he's my hero biz I
got a I got a daughter it is mess around
so I can't look No
I've got a daughter he's the best around
here called
calls good I'm gonna pop the ball him
and his mom had cancer he knows from the
best options in the world I don't care
how a daughter I'm not leaving going
nowhere get it I'll deal with it how are
we dealing with this what is going on
I'm in the dark when is the surgery next
month
I don't see a date on here at all you
write this in my pocket in a card can I
see that please
nope your chin or seven why are you why
is too much for me I got to know what's
going on you have to answer here I'm not
upload the video yeah you are
I'm not uploading that video oh yeah you
are no I'm watching what I you are honey
dad I never had done I nod news they're
all in the park holding you sick they're
gonna say it's fake they're not going to
believe you we need to just drop that
like I care what they said they talked
about the other oil much much younger
they love it it will kill what I've got
and a little ones who be doing that show
the buccinator soap okay
they gotta have somebody sticking a
little bit on the LG I don't want them
picking on you I don't care
there's nobody anyway so I'm gonna ask
one more time
all you include it is this a prank you
know then I don't it dumped
I don't want it down I want everybody
knows I'd rather come up that have come
up strength I mean out whatever also you
got thing idea Oh grandpa's got cancer
why did they kill up yeah that's another
reason I didn't say anything you are
sweeping it I feel like more his place
to tell you you need powder coat we ever
going to tell me it was over be with you
know wouldn't you drop dead from it I
would find out with the autopsy came
back you got to get it taken care of I'm
going to the girls cut it out so he
gives us the shop and they cut one
Michael at a time does it get all the
religious gone they kill cut the whole
cancer I have a bunch of bothers me they
don't cut all the cancer out they just
cut the believed upon a for uploading
I'm cutting some of it out no I have to
cut up when you think of doctors name
you gave numbers we got past some of
that now that yeah we don't need to be
bothered with that
hey younger engine yeah go play go fuck
y'all can't little business okay what I
don't think they know to play then does
it hurt
yeah first bad can you touch it I know
what you're talking about to follow your
back right yeah
I told you guys I told you to get that
chest a year ago now let's go and get it
you three years ago and what didn't you
fighting here I didn't bring with
nothing so are you even mad about the
house not really
you can't let that kind of sore bottle
up I'm gonna share about what's what
happened nothing's gonna learn about me
sure about y'all the bullets don't worry
about us we're adults now
he has quickly loses some 11:25
the kids that we find dirty be fine yeah
I'll be ready
but you do know and I'm gonna be able to
always treatable but let me give it
justice they're mine
yeah but we caught it late that's what's
the scary thing is you'll have the court
to Accord late now is the lateness and
grow it the marble waiting so damn long
why can't get a serving tomorrow I have
to do it when it really is one it does
it yeah we tickle you and hopefully
you're alive in a month
all this sorry Michael so we can get let
go son how's your Lawrence I mean I'm
going we're going you observe for six
hours
Alison two for every second up and I
will bring a fucking cell phone pocket
full battery food because I'm going to
be vlogging the whole goddamn thing yeah
in food you know you don't go to worry
about the house we own it we got money
in savings everything's going to be fine
we just figure out the course of action
and we take it there Lucy
that was their lovely Fashion Week I
knew something was wrong I knew
something wasn't right how you gonna
tell the boys I'll tell Oh nan that
we're not filming it I'll tell you that
now yeah we'll build it we lined them
with my owners
I knew it is that all you've been doing
it that's private this day the other
part of my life into part of my life now
I agreed them so he's not forget it they
don't know what's going on
I don't to leave mean I want to say now
doesn't use it I'm saying I want to stay
goal the scariest word an English
dictionary cancer almost made though I'm
not cook I get it yeah you got plenty of
life left I don't want you to give up I
ain't givin up I'm give me some oyster
to a bundle for you go
yeah let me free that surgery she's
ready thing on there before you go but
he died was go says Oh before I go I
want to go to beg know before I go get
my shirt home enjoying its voices okay
so the night before you structure we
having a party
I guess though but it is what it is
you'll be fine I'm not Lauren's gonna be
fine
we're all good I try to never leave what
does that mean trigger the lead try to
get it go why would you try leave me and
Todd I would oh shoot man
Moe these numbers in their numbers we're
kendry main crunch down to an LM e no he
doesn't know right hey Moke okay open up
and leave a job all right now
all right colors Goodman
all right eww
Thanks what does that mean when I saw
like that
then you write up that village Wow well
gonna head out
well yeah go you kicked me out two
minutes to go off camera okay camera
Doyle and I can say all this up okay
well what are you doing anyway call me
glove talking with the boys this weekend
here yeah
all right fine I Love You Man
oh you see dad all right I'll see you hi
you know what a bad family man
Hey look boys I'll give you that anyone
and I might I don't cook more I got a
whole buck sure cookie I'm probably
follow away
that's grouchy this is leaking drone
people are singing oh my god Martha do I
need that
Polly good yeah what the look where you
just give it as you want burns oh ha ha
ha I don't want to eat is the divergence
is mine so we're home you guys it's
actually about one o'clock in the
morning right now it took me a while to
do this part of the video I didn't want
to do it in front of Brigitte order to
do it privately
it made the main reason I didn't want to
do it for the bridge because I didn't
want to cry in front of her and at this
point I think I'm sort of shot
emotionally all night I've just been
pretty broken up about this I wanna
address the first thing a lot of people
are going to be thinking of this is fake
because you call our videos fake and you
say that it's all staged and
I wish that this was I think anybody
that would fake something like this is
sick and deserves no respect if you're
willing to pretend like your dad has
cancer over YouTube that would be
sickening that's not what we're doing
dad has cancer and some people are going
to say that it's not that serious but it
is it's serious it started as a mark on
his back and it started as skin cancer
and he didn't treat it for three four or
five years and now it's gotten to a
point where it has spiderwebbed on his
back which means it's starting to grow
around his back and around a spinal cord
and we won't know the extent of what
it's actually doing until they start
cutting in but as of right now it's not
great it's not right
you know it's his age it's the faculty
waited so long I really wish we would
have looked sooner that would have
gotten checked out sooner you know today
I put out a new song with a rapper named
PSV he's really talented he's an amazing
artist I want you guys to support this
guy check out this song you know go
download it in iTunes and Google Play
and I'm going to put it in right here
but I wanted to talk about in a minute
because it really resonates with me
today because I wrote it a couple of
weeks ago and the song is about how
family is everything
how family is the most important thing
in my life and now we did this whole
thing together and we you know at this
point we're all we have and it really
resonates with me today when I find this
information out so I want you guys to
check this out this is a new song called
dreams I am in the second verse I hope
you guys like it
it is nice to pick your dad so this is
dreams check it out I hope you guys like
it
yes
what do I do one kind of nun bit
offenders when I'm saqqaq did a realism
fell in love with my demons I need me
something between them and now that
hurts the believing because I've been
working believe is who pleasure
worthless allegiance inside of currently
screaming the pension Pena to eat with
the head of fire deep inside of that me
burned in a week and not text
appearances secrets of pain with buried
in lesions and men my problems with the
few that we disturb disagreements with
all my people close as I discern from a
team and I can confirm I'm in need of
some happiness to be frequent amid
experiment but see them lacking the
thesis I hope you've seen me from me so
I miss fitted and seems the neurological
genius appreciation to sleep in a living
life without meaning I've been implanted
with the gift to grow it's reading to
see mr. Lewis leaves in a sequence
I wish I will be strong with common
emotion I feel this baby today
I owe it go even knows how they see look
how far
a fallen asleep ahartry to this page
they always don't even know how do you
see look how far I've fallen asleep I
wake up in the morning at 4 a.m. and I
look around I faced a while you're with
crazy man 2 places while I'm thinking
out and I make it here I hate to sound
crazy but I caught up in a trailer and
I'm in now let me take a moment here to
tell you how it was for being casual fit
and all alone in drawers in the book
that they know where my life would be if
I had money man is funny see I thought
that abinanti was the key to solving
everything for today see people take
advantage of you every day it makes your
friends see you different and make
change they turn to snakes weather with
it man I'm so afraid of losing
everything is splendid it I need to say
are you lee wuhn enough the works that
we can find a way to find a place to
live and see the dollar bills are paid
but people think because you make a
little money they can take it all the
way the fuck it is offensive thing I
hate to say it but my family is oh my
god because all the haters hate to see I
left the trailer park I made a life with
the girls I wanna marry cuz she's the
only one I got
so you'll be one that's run oh my god
I'm getting sick I feel like giving up I
made a living up a life a buck is
getting tough man if I'm dreaming can
somebody come and wake me up I wanna
help the ones I love my fuck I never
figured ah this is a nice day I always
go
see how far these stinking thing good
I've fallen asleep or my pain each day I
always go hitting another holiday see
how far these I'm falling asleep I
re-elected I don't care if I see the
hall this alcohol is getting so much he
is here to swallow that increases as I
borrow credit cards we never fails and
my whole life is fucking saw when I went
to take the L ballistic and they deny
the intent and trying to lie to my face
so that I'll buy the respect and then in
time circumvent they read a fuck I'm it
said I try to wrap the trooper teams
that only live or pay the Rainman women
the mad because they feel entitled they
want my judgment without thinking trials
and they get sad when they don't feel
the title admittedly they living in
denial relationships and new religion in
the nectar Bible so when Tom comes ah
because I'm calling it question you'll
see toss me to move on a falling asleep
on my to this baby today always go even
as how we see
how far I've fallen asleep r32 this pain
each day I always go with an hour how
they see how far these thinkin thinkin
of fallen asleep my dream that was dream
I really loved it
Matt you're you're an amazing rapper I
hope a lot of people support support
support you if you guys want to check it
out the download link is right below if
you book you can check it out on iTunes
Google Play it's everywhere
go check it out go show that do some
support because he is truly talented and
really appreciate if you let me be in
your song to express how I feel you know
about my life so thank you for that dad
I love you you're a fighter we're going
to get through this I didn't mean to
crying from you today
that probably made him uncomfortable
he's trying to stay strong for all of us
but you guys thank you so much for all
your support and your out core of
appreciation it's been amazing and I
know he's appreciated it and I
appreciate it and bridget appreciates it
we all appreciate it this cameras about
to cut off on me actually in five four
for some reason after five minutes just
contra cuts off so I don't know anyway
trying to stay positive you guys that's
all you can do is wish for the best stay
positive and really be there to support
that because that's that's my job now is
to really make sure you come
bullying and know that we all love him
and we're all there for him because I do
love you dad and I am there for you
you're my best friend
and I don't want to imagine anything
happening I don't want a badge of it
he's my best prize you guys and I did
what a crime is you're my best friend
that I love you so much and you're gonna
be right I love you dad
thank you guys
