these difficult let's go what's wrong
I'm sorry yeah no no it's just a glitch
you'll be okay you'll be all right I
promise stop
look it's okay it's just a glitch it
won't go under secure you should've ever
higher don't film this video
don't you know because the little
handful of subscribers will have life
doctors and they want to shred that shit
what are you to me don't hurt none no
it's over man it's all over no it isn't
500 so far guys please leo
is it life thing they know oh my gosh
Michael chill go get some fresh air you
freaking need it
he's Duggan are you protecting me does
it go I'm just gonna run off into the
sunset and go to Hollywood well we don't
all got dashing blue eyes baby I'm a
baby blue eyed bitch goddamn it Steve
tell Alice and we won't all got baby
blue eyes we're all with sexy okay we're
not all mcjuggernuggets I can't go to
Hollywood
I'm not an actor you're funny though you
can be a comedian
you can write movies I don't gosh yeah I
already do all that stuff and it got me
shit yet Oh see you it's okay it's okay
over no it isn't it's a glitch and even
so obviously piss me off
why can't you become like me we've lost
freak out when it's real thousand
subscribers mm what I thought you knew
I thought you know god you're serious
yes what was the starting number uh
seventeen now one man shut up leave me
alone 1 million seven hundred seven
thousand and we're at what 1 million
seven hundred and five or four what yeah
three which is the three thousand
dollars that's ghost hunts over folks I
don't care about ghosts no we're doing
the ghost hunt
they won't hablo to teach waiters
drivers yeah those twenty subscribers
might want to see it and see this I'm a
good pathetic unless they're subscribers
that don't get on YouTube anymore then
we won't get any views thank god we own
dad's housing cache we own this house in
cash we own the frickin cars and cash
thank God because we got nothing left
folks it's over it's all over
thank you got it cell it's okay it's all
over it's okay it's happening to
literally everyone and there's a
youtuber that it's really happening to
just leave me the fuck alone
okay it says you're still filming them
no no oh you wring it cut oh shit don't
like hey I can pawn it if I can ever get
it off my finger we can't get it off
okay we're have to cut your whole finger
I'll try we got it we got to make you
know ow
okay oh this isn't working
when he's doing this isn't working ow
maybe we can cut it off or just joking
folks okay I guess it is bring it
valuable it's worthless
I'm not saying how I just worry guys I'm
not really freaking out this bad by
YouTube's fucking up right so look at
the ring well okay hey what
if we have to result in this ring I will
find a way to get it off okay I will
what is this on the back have you
already tried cutting it off or
something
no is that gunk it was from your mouth
uh uh oh yeah look you guys you're all
been my face in front of the camera like
human beings guys I'm a little freaked
out YouTube's like I'm subbing and
mcjuggernuggets was like oh I'll just go
go holy within okay good for you what
about the rest of us okay
a little freaked out not as bad as I was
hyping it up to be but I'm freaked out
oh my gosh well here take the camera I
gotta tell them something
guys I love you and Michael I just got a
text from YouTube and it says it's
permanent
what no Michael my phone I don't even
have my phone right now what you're so
easy okay you like is this over with
this scene are we gonna go hunting or no
yes I'm not who I am they won't catch
you to bond the Ghostbusters they're
dead
hahahaha not a dead engine channel Horeb
Amblin I get it that's right Bridget my
channel and don't you ever forget it
you said it it's our channel Oh both
fuck I'm behind a camera too and way and
we're fuck we're extra Club thank oh we
own watch it what's going on you guys
kid behind a camera here oh I see yeah
right there and today tonight we are
ghost hunting tonight copy it yeah it
broke fuck
excuse me Bella Gil Bridget you had one
job to do and I can't figure out this
damn thing it's over already
where's the back oh great what where you
were going go funny in it may not be
over yet
hang on I just go to here to me wait you
don't on and so battery Oh could you do
this yes there were we cool all right me
go home what's going on you guys keep
with a ghost box here we do it here
aside ago starting to get anxiety she's
getting anxious because today we
promised you guys we would go ghost
hunting and Urkel can ever do with my
teeth I was try yeah you don't take
nothing from my hand gun funny so today
I just hit bridge in the face hey day
we're going go swimming today we're
going to hopefully find out if we're
haunted or not you ready for this no I'm
not ready
well too bad okay
before I do anything it's already
spirits in here if there's anybody in
here if you don't know if you're alive
or dead there's any beans in here you
can use this to talk to us now when I
ask you to leave you can be fuck up yeah
you go you can't stay
you can't save you another faster thing
that's what Saul watches here it was
probably the dollar movie you're caught
hmm so anyway today you can use this to
talk to us only one into anybody in our
house alive or dead
yesterday who are you get Arad
I'm done did you say dad were you a
mother or a father as my mother and have
I captured any of you on camera did you
say dog how many fingers am i holding up
what am i holding right now okay could
you hurt on Virginia you obviously off
cam I don't care because it's not any
other bridges nose right now how many
fingers am i holding up
so I look funny without eyebrows we
thought if it freaks funny without me
there's some impulses I like it I think
you my tears were they people said they
saw somebody right here we go right here
is there anybody right here are you
happier sir hi
are we being haunted yes or no how many
people are in here is this bothering you
do you want this on do you want it off
you want us to go how did you die he
killed he killed you are you guys that's
going to be it for tonight for the ghost
hunt fortune of this blog tomorrow we
are going to dissect it in the daylight
and see we caption everything I don't
know if we got anything I'm really
scared I'm kind of I don't know if we
got anything right now so I'm going to
check it tomorrow
when I don't want to edit it tonight and
be adding subtitles to go sick yeah we
have to like go to sleep right now right
yeah I'm probably going to be in bed and
a few middlefoot looking around I'll
bring the camera okay I'm not going to
bed yet I'll lay down for a little bit
look I'll be honest with you usually I
say it later than Bridget she's going to
bed I'm going to bed with her because I
don't wanna be a ballon so that's it for
the night portion of this vlog my oh
shit
that's going to be we tell them again to
leave they are not welcome in our house
yeah they didn't see a scene you do
there's anybody that's in here any go
any ghosts in here spirit if there's
anybody in caboodle my mother dead or
does anybody in here
go find Huff paranormal or daddy or five
or boogie or make anybody but me yes hot
down go haunt someone else it happen ice
haven't you and I can't help there's
nothing I can do to help go find help
Karen normal yeah or daddy or five wait
Cody up tonight yeah
Cody see the ghost anyway that's it for
the night portion you guys Cody I'm
sorry that I just stick to shows sorry
cookie I'm sorry
stick the ghost on you rose like that's
it I'm going to bed I'm sitting here
with Bella and lazy we're just watching
the office well Bridget take a shower
for going to bed I wanna stay here in
the night are sitting here in the dark
though or just chillin guys I I know
what I was thinking
doing the ghost hunt I don't believe but
it's terrifying
it's a scary feeling so I wanted to I
don't know well you scared cuz I am I'm
going to bed you guys I'll see you guys
tomorrow
that's it for the night what let me know
if you heard anything
oh shit
get on what go away
you're freaking bail out yeah guys how
could you show up like a vlog no guys I
don't think we were told anybody this
before but I haven't before my
narcolepsy where yeah shut the hell up
so I can talk about this - former
narcolepsy when I first wake up I see
things okay it might be a form of sleep
paralysis I don't know but when I
sometimes I'll see spiders
sometimes smoke you know it's little
things like that and I thought I saw
like a mist of a person when I just woke
up just now and I made the mistake of
being like oh my god and Bridget hurt me
and just took off running towards the
closet come out of the closet you know
what tough to go there's nothing here
how it's Helene Oh could you guys could
you get out of here man - get out of our
room do you you think you can be like oh
okay my bad it's better god you were way
too tired for this go back to bed I
can't and scared and he goes in here
right now we're trying to sleep Bella's
trying to sleep right Bella we're all
trying to go to sleep go to right and go
away so just right it's just the frickin
narcolepsy Bridget no go lay down
I'll stop vlogging we'll flip the light
going okay we open Pandora's box folks
ghosts are in our house goes through in
our room ghosts are haunting my
girlfriend goes to behind her right now
color lens wonder good well it's the
next morning and I'm blurry
I'm blur so it's the next morning and
I'm about to get out of here I might go
but before I did I wanted to give a
quick little disclaimer number one is I
don't claim this to be an actual you
know spirit communication device all it
is is a broken radio that cycles through
frequency so you will hear radio
frequency but the theory is that people
living on another plane can use those
frequencies to talk so you're supposed
to listen for things that sound out of
place or direct responses or stuff like
that so that's what you're supposed to
be looking for and I don't know if I got
anything I listened I found a couple of
things coincidence I don't believe in
ghosts but I'm going to get out of here
remember number two let me know if you
hear what do you think that I didn't get
or if I got something wrong and you
think it says something different than
when I heard let me know listen to it
with headphones on so you could tell me
if there was anything that I did in here
let me know I'm going to get out of here
first let's see we can leave with a
message Oh No
okay guys I'm shooting kind of message
you got for me did you just say bang
you're dead I'm done with it it's too
early for this shit that's it thanks for
watching
Bridget still asleep
it goes to real warm on it
