what's going on you guys keep behind a
haunted house here Persia was here I
have butterflies
today we're going ghost hunting and
today I feel like I'm about taking
anxiety shit I'm nervous too you guys I
told you in yesterday's vlog to let us
know in the comments section if you
wanted us to go ghost hunting that's
what we're about to do uh-huh go to the
bathroom hold on for the past week or
maybe two weeks I don't know how long
it's actually been we've told you guys
that part of us anxieties past that I
think were possibly haunted better what
what was that no for the past few weeks
you guys been finding shadows and
reflections and voices and faces
reflection I don't even know anymore I
don't want to talk about it
you guys been finding stuff in our house
so today we're going ghost hunting here
we go you ready for this
Michael Q Beethoven really seriously
you're not pranking me no it's gone
because I wouldn't put it past you to
hide it I want to do this out believe in
ghosts
you're like you put your ex scared I
don't believe in ghosts though so then
why are where is it
I don't know guys right now we can't
find the ghost box I thought you had
this already I thought I did too
dude if we lost that thing we're screwed
they don't sell it so yeah they really
done that's like the last one
wait what was awesome we use old we
first moved in yeah where did you put it
afterwards in a drawer this floor right
that's why I swear to god I've seen it
in destroy us instead of filming once
you start it off and look you're the one
who hit it you're not pranking me we've
checked the office we've checked the
kitchen we've checked the bathrooms
maybe it's in here there's like other
weird shit in here like surprised me you
realize the consequences right now we're
already filmed to Denny's frigid
understand you screwed up okay
thankfully that's where I'll cut that
part of the vlog as we find it
now we're Michael or screwed okay I'm
sorry I'm sorry oh did you wear this
camera's a bad influence
I'm done it's obviously not in there
babe I you screwed us where's Bella
freaked out about why are you so freaked
out girl say ghosts what do we do I
don't know have revolt world you look
I've looked in the office I've looked in
the kitchen I've looked in the frickin
I've been looking then where is it I
don't know be checked your purse yes no
we have looked in every drawer look
there might be a tap every those are
bullshit this thing was $500 we've
looked every cabinet every drawer we've
checked you purse we checked the car we
checked the pullout what else
so all that Diddy's footage no no we're
using it myself in it that's not you
I told you I did not like the priest
shit it's okay I mean it's okay you told
people you pre intros and stuff who
cares embarrass you guys all right you
guys today
we were gonna have Doug do the ghost
hunting with us and he didn't want to
but he also wanted to go out to Denny's
so what I was going to do was show the
day
nice footage after the ghost time
because I didn't want this video to
start off at Denny's and I had the idea
to just say hey let's just pretend we
already went ghost hunting let's just do
it cuz I was so sure we were gonna go
Gus I might go this stupid Brisbane now
you can't do that let's just act like we
found something scary and she was
against it I'll give it to you were
you're right yeah we we pretended that
we are doing ghost hunting we found shit
and we did it don't go Sonny the box is
gone what I do you it's really funny
though like why I didn't want to do that
why what did we wouldn't hear shit
better we're taking that part out but at
least we had it in case we bad something
I mean okay
guys this is all the footage we shot at
Denny's earlier I embarrass myself enjoy
you're gonna hear me like what we found
somebody ghost tonight and we didn't
even go go oh my god you know what we
should have said in that what that it
goes popped out and laugh at our
eyebrows hey come for the fucking way
just kidding this is the footage so
right now we just got the Denny's
because Bridgette and I are both afraid
yeah I'm just hoping like pancake takes
my mind off stuck in this prison of a
car getting out of it guys we just did
the ghost hunt okay and I don't know
what we caught I don't know if there was
ghosts I haven't gone through and edited
the footage yet so anything you heard I
haven't heard yet but I'm afraid so I'm
hoping I'm because I just I fully
believe in ghosts and I always hear shit
every time we do it if you're
I heard a couple of things but I don't
really know look I'm going to Denny's
I'm getting a pancake I'm afraid yeah I
mean pancakes and sausage and where's my
dad he's probably already inside he left
before us where is Doug is that a
nervous sign what if like a ghost
possessed him or something I'm thinking
you believe that do you believe in hell
but what if like he bragged because if
it goes okay you can't think that way
I'm walking in by the way paper mills
what smells like shit okay it's
backwards and your corns been
so British says when it's going down to
shake it now organs you any corners nope
for Doug you can't play the claw machine
damn it I blame you for this I know so
Michael just got milk and it's bigger
than usual he hasn't stopped Oh like
he's really excited about this I've been
doing this for five minutes and Bridget
finally breaks out they can't rub it
going you look in the waitress came back
she was looking at me let's go and you
only now bring out the cameras I was too
busy laughing at you it was gonna have
gallon what do you mean
cuz it's in the co class yep as far as
Doug didn't call me out Sean I've got
okay you should have slack eyebrows
okay caterpillars no that's her
I don't have any eyebrows I'm gonna
finish not sure from talking to your dad
or Eugene whether Michael
Captain America by he's gonna cut me
what's up what's not hey Mel look at
that face we gotta get rid of your dad's
eyebrows thumbnail me home tonight Bell
no way that's not gonna be a thumbnail
we did the ghost town already I'm
covering the way geez you carry that
thing with you everywhere everywhere
what about a gun
okay I'm coming miss Chuck all right
right before we leave Doug managed four
more quarters and we're gonna do it now
Bridget says when it goes down to start
shake into like sideways I guess said
that's like a trick
you will bride
I saw YouTube video maybe I should turn
leverage leverage to do this she's
confident
go ahead princess if you lose your dad's
money though what the hell was this
project Stephanie ones gonna be over
something she was over nothing
okay you try there's no more quarters
cover the lens you ruined it so that was
the footage we got at Demi's you guys I
had a really good time with my dad I'm
really depressed I'm really sorry you
guys have promised we were gonna go
ghost hunting in this video and I let
you down I'm really mad at myself
tomorrow I'm going to search the house
up and down until I find it I don't know
what else to say we're going to bed you
guys well I know what to say what I am
sorry for being a little hard on you I'm
sorry for yelling at you I'm really
depressed guys I'm really sorry I really
wanted to go something I I don't know
what happened I would say I promised
tomorrow but we can't we're not gonna
have it yeah we have to find out how
about this tomorrow even if we use the
downloaded app we're doing it yeah yeah
and I can check the garage for the piece
of crap box we already check the garage
deadly I checked we're gonna check the
side no I'm not going back there
I'm not even why would it be there it
wouldn't be we're starting to fight
again go to bed fuck sorry I'm sorry
cover the damn lines where we were on
the night okay just carve them uni give
me a kiss
the lens is covered I can't sorry
so Bridget is about to go to bed and I
decided before then being that we're not
going ghost hunting
we could at least show a little the
house okay
are you scared a little I just sense it
I'm tired and I don't know if I could
sleep now here's a shot of Bridget with
the doorway behind her head maybe
somebody will find a ghost in that no
they won't I hope they do what the hell
oh yeah in time oh my god oh that scared
you just didn't scream anyway I'm just
gonna show a little bit before we get
out of here yeah what do I know you
serious yeah I'm not doing near it
that's just not cool dude no but neither
is this
you try scaring me I'm about to go to
bed I did not try scaring you I started
to look goes God so you guys see
anything let us know obviously the
obvious what shot up the stairs scared
to do that what the fuck
- I've had it okay I'm sorry
not really go to bed cover the lens
nobody wants oh god I look extra eyebrow
version are we gonna see a goblin over
our bed no pretty clear wha
yes we have wait till we find the ghost
box yes I've had it covered Lynch is
you're only doing cuz the cameras on
don't know no you're not anything we're
not anything on that kiss tell every
good night good night guys oh my god
nothing works the war
is it the eyebrows yeah I can't look at
you are you guys it's about 3 o'clock in
the morning I was about to go to bed I
turned off the TV and I looked over and
there it is sitting right here
it was more like that I swear to God we
looked a rut I was looking back there I
don't know how I would have missed that
but we got it I don't know dare I
nope nope
yes but I heard noise alright guys I'm
going to bed that's weird I guess we're
going coast hunting tomorrow it was
right here was it yes it was is it at
now did you move it
no maybe Felix we're ghosts
come on so you moved it here's not
anything a ghost in it no I didn't touch
it it was right here when I went to bed
I'm really scared
wait is it actual ghosts moving the
ghost box I don't know how
there it is just kisses go slow we do it
tonight did you move the guns box guys
we are doing the ghosts video tomorrow
well we're doing it tonight it's gonna
be uploaded tomorrow that was scared we
would look up to the past ten minutes
because I thought I left it here I must
have put it behind that bro in Tibet I
don't remember doing that I couldn't
have done that I went to bed right after
I did the scene and by the way didn't we
look here
I don't recall I don't know I know I
looked here why would you move it behind
love why would a ghost I know you're
trying I would you I probably was like
oh I don't want Felix to do it did that
that's hard to do what I did
why do you not remember that's weird how
maybe also it's hired so are you telling
me your memory is so bad that you don't
remember moving something I guess that's
what I'm sorry because you didn't want
Felix to rest but I guess that's what
I'm saying
what you're staring at me what Frank
okay okay I'm scared I know I don't want
to go Spock's we have two guys I think
I've got pranked my fucking ghost so it
feels like it kind of does feel like
that because I look here last night it
wasn't there I was going to bed it was
right there before I went to bed I left
it right here I little move right there
but man that it doesn't make sense no
sense what is it it was like this at one
point last night maybe at some point
this floated over there come on okay you
did that
I must accidentally yep had to fucking
know what guys we're going ghost hunting
tonight we're gonna finish off this vlog
pretty soon I'm pretty freaked out I'm
pretty freaked out too like I'm scared
what is this what the fuck you mean what
was that I don't know has always been
there cuz I don't even remember the
obviously previous owners like we're
measuring their kids Heights or
something right why is it just not
showing up so I've never seen that
before ever I'm done with it I'm leaving
we're moving out the house that's what
it is no we're not I don't believe he
goes it's you guys didn't see
yesterday's vlog there was a scene where
this old guy at the Home Depot stats
something to bridging we couldn't
distinguish it so I told you guys let us
know in the comments what you think he
said so just now Bridget was going
through the comments and the guy named
Vaughn Vega says he had said this can
you see it yeah for 20 bucks you can
find a better looking whore on the side
of the road so I'm gonna listen to it
and see if that's what this guy said I'd
be crazy
I'm like the man star down 40 bucks
so I hear 20 bucks and I hear side of
the road yeah what else would he upset
for $20 you can find a guy selling
oranges on the side of the road yeah why
would he say that because like he's
clearly defending you guys did he say
that
I don't know did he say I can find a
better-looking whore on the side of the
road for $20 maybe dude that's what you
say go fuck yourself
that's messed up okay guys I'm gonna
replay at this time enhanced audio let
me know what you hear do you hear that
is that what he says listen to it let us
know in the comments section I like this
man star now I don't know best what he
says I really wish if that's what he
really said that we've really heard it
clearer I would add a little bit of
different fog I'm not gonna fight the
old masters but I would say something to
his face good that what kind of rude old
bastard are you digging you can find a
better whore let's honor than that bitch
Christ
cover the lens I'm pissed okay guys so
Michael's editing the vlog and I'm gonna
try to scare him with this I really hope
it works I'll say I'd be really quiet
oh my gosh whoa Michael I just saw
somebody by the window I'm serious I
just saw somebody by the window what
that window
oh yeah I was like a shadow really yeah
I think I heard like a footstep - hey
Chuck can you check though I'm not why
do I have to so insistent it's sorry
what's gotten into you lately all you do
is prank me
I'm sorry smashed until comes off why
would you do that it's not gonna work
its soos go bring her window okay could
you please stop this
I was so funny though I just watched it
I did leave it there
really yeah so I don't know what to do
you're freaking me out the house is
freaking me out
we're fucking full one haunted and I'm
scared
well we're gonna be a lot scared or
later in the dark you're gonna be local
yeah yeah I'm gonna be so scared I won't
be able take a shower alone you have to
get this thing down I'm tired of looking
at the talk did you know what all my
clowns get it down and you'll have to
like like talk to me all night do I fall
asleep
I'm about to be a lot scared Michael
chill out it's too early for this
bullshit
by the way I saw a ghoul hovering over
you last night
a goal oh stop it
well that's gonna be it for today you
guys thanks for watching what was that I
don't know what to say
okay outros are for everybody so that's
gonna be it for today guys
I'm really sorry that this is that the
ghost hunting vlog but we couldn't find
it I I'm really sorry guys but everyone
laugh at Michael for embarrassing
himself I really didn't Barris myself
you guys I was straight up like oh my
god we found ghosts and we didn't even
do it yet so anyway I'm getting out of
here and thanks for watching sorry that
this blog wasn't the ghost hunt but that
is going up tomorrow and you pranked me
and I'm pissed about that Oh
subscribe favorite fall on everything
for to us and that's it I also want to
hear that enhanced audio again again I
didn't want to do that I wanted to end
the vlog you're not gonna insert it I
don't like this man snore now he's right
dude he's right
I need twenty dollars in cash just
kidding like subscribe favorite fun
everything for joe hasn't emotes what
did the $20 more a cheap prostitute
what did he look like cheap bra I don't
know
