we gotta clean this car right here oh
gosh yeah we do I don't know what to do
Paulin is already out it's February I
know it's that's crazy
we need to get Paul until April I need
to provide some of the onions because I
don't know what else to do
guys number one how do I clean the
classic car because I know I can't just
go get stuff but like it really it needs
it it's got to be cleaned I know my god
is look no I'm not gonna have Paul and
ruined grandpa's classic car no ok so
I'll call dad he'll know what to do ok
we need a car cover yeah we definitely
the car car cover we need to clean this
thing the right way we need to crank it
and get it moving because yeah like it's
gonna break down if we don't crank it we
got to figure this thing out we're gonna
figure it out that would be so mad at me
for that he'll be lit yeah he'd be
pretty mad hey just let his car
deteriorate like that yeah not when
we're supposed to be having a
celebration we're gonna be handled a
celebration of what you ruined it I'm
sorry I'm bad at surprises okay let's go
inside and talk about what we're
celebrating
what's going on you guys get me out of
camera near vigil I see right there and
today is Sunday and today I wanted to
surprise you guys with a little bit of
celebration it's worth sup you ruined it
I'm sorry I'm not really that good with
surprises guys he's really not she buys
me a present she's like when I open it
that's you that's you actually my bad
guys today is Sunday and today we're
going out to dinner at the Japanese
Steakhouse to celebrate two things
number one as Bridget already ruined see
you soon because you guys if you haven't
seen it yet my music video for see you
soon is out and it's performing like
better than I ever imagined it could I
know it's insane how much love and
support we're getting right now guys you
deserve it babe it's about to break a
million views it's charting on Google
and iTunes and Spotify and it's humbling
that you guys have helped us happen for
me and I'm so appreciative and I'm
calling you guys as quick as I can you
guys have been sending the hashtag see
you soon showing you guys on iTunes or
streaming it on Spotify and I've been
calling every night it's been an honor
you guys you've been calling to are the
one you mean the one we make it to you I
want you to call me I'll call you later
okay guys today is Sunday and the other
thing we're celebrating is that you know
we like to get together once every
couple of weeks and just talk about that
so that's what today is gonna be dad I
love you I hope I continue to make you
proud we're celebrating we're on our way
to meet dinner
damnit I better call her dinner first
it's all thing about us food we're on
our way to meet Jennifer for dinner you
guys you know me and Burt were just
talking off camera for the past two days
I've been really sad like really
tremendously sad I cried several times
yesterday and and usually since he
passed it has not been that bad you know
it's it's been bad obviously and I've
had a lot of causal moments but for some
reason I was really sad all day
yesterday
and I didn't understand why I didn't
know why I would be so sad the entire
day I could cry like that when I saw
someone say they liked the song I would
cry I watched people reacting to it and
I would cry and I was talking to Bridget
and she told me what it was she laid it
out for me and it was totally what it is
I just wanted to tell Dad about it I had
done this big thing I did the music
video I put out the song and I couldn't
tell him as much as I wanted to I
couldn't and that's why I was so sad
yesterday and I was overwhelmed with
emotion we were talking just talking
about how he used to call me and be like
but you won't believe this show Mike
it's called designated survivors it's so
good and always come back when I gotta
go Mike and we would just do that with
each other if we had something to say we
would call and tell each other and I
don't have that anymore and I wanted to
so bad yesterday so dad I hope you saw
the video and if you did I hope you
liked it
let's go to let's go have dinner with
Jennifer but I can't do it what the hell
was it playing for it I don't have
Bluetooth hooked up on this phone look I
don't have bluetooth maybe I do don't be
sad my son remember back on Christmas
Day the day that I lost mom you were my
supporter you were there I held you
close but now gods have turned it grated
she's so the song was actually playing
from Bridget's phone now here's the
weird thing
the car had been cranked and I plugged
my phone and as soon as I saw what like
a minute had been cranked yes
so the car had been cranked for a solid
minute and hold on because we have a
narrow road because we owned this road
hello excuse me sir okay we're good to
go now guys the car had been plugged in
for a solid minute and then the song
started playing randomly right when I
asked dad if he had heard it and right
when I was about to freaking start
crying that is that's that's the kind of
stuff that gets weird that is a sign is
that a sign from grandpa's that another
sign
the deer was a sign is that it like that
honest to god you guys that was one of
the weirder things and that makes me
really happy that makes me so happy
Michael cuz like guys that makes me
think he's really here still
I don't know dad if that was you I love
you thank you for showing us I want to
film this sunset okay Bridget is crying
right now listen I need you to do me
please do me a favor we're driving your
vision is like I can't really see
anything though Oh No okay this is
driving me crazy but that's the sign
that's awesome yes I agree but please
deal with it at the restaurant okay you
want to park real quick no everyone's
waiting on us
we'll be back the signs just keep coming
you guys okay right now me and Bridget
just got to a soppy we're waiting on
Jennifer this place is more packed than
you would believe super packed guys and
it always is on weekends there is
literally not a parking space available
well one parking space yeah and we just
got it
it is Siri guys it is seriously weird
look at all the cars yeah okay no
parking spaces
Bridget's like okay why don't we park
across the street and I said there has
to be a parking space let's just try and
so she tried and as we pulled into here
right over here this space opened up
yeah perfect for our vehicle and it's
huge what are the odds now so Jenny come
on why because the L was just filled up
let parking in there oh the road
can you park in the middle of road dude
what kind of parking space we gotta tell
you about these signs there's lots of
weird signs going on
yeah well park first this is a space
okay okay
here there's no way out of a at six
o'clock on date night
well on the way here before we leave
we're waiting to get another parking lot
to get out of here and are you crying
with all your eyes look at the camera
what's wrong with your eyes are you
crying
I mean I noticed earlier I mean I know
sour different color no brightly okay
she's a clone Michael this is not
Jennifer there's something wrong what do
you mean there are different colored
you're lying what's good J what's going
on what is it is this demo on my eyeball
Wyatt does it where's it at I don't see
it
stealing look I'm gonna sock her oh yeah
look in the corner you should paint guys
I don't see it why would you think demo
you can't see it cuz she's looking like
this why does it say it cuz it's demo
Luke we're here look a little down
what's going all just like the sea don't
Peter Pan theatre
seriously okay we're on the way here
and I decided to do a scene because
yesterday I was sad all day and Bridget
talked to me and it was because that I
wanted to tell Dad about the video and I
couldn't you know sad about that and the
car had been cracked like a minute and I
was like dad I don't know if you've
heard the song or not but I hope you did
now cover the lens right when I cover
the lens the song starts playing on the
radio yeah Jeff Bridges felon was hooked
up to the car but it should have started
playing immediately yeah a minute later
it kicks in Yeah right after he said
that now then another song we came in
here looking for a spot ourselves and
there was nothing we pull in here this
car was pulling out that we were
supposed to have this dinner honoring
grandfather yeah it's crazy yours
hello this for a sign yeah that Wow tell
me about the dream you have um pop came
my dream and said he seek you always be
with me
well he will be yes hey Ben okay are you
guys top a little bit of food all right
fishing
make it a sword
right
attention this chicks winning everything
you ready here we go three
no that's not the mine
what is that calisthenics what is that
skip it
the one that was the puppet James a
ventriloquist
now we know we're going to do with his
life shrimp rule
we're leaving you guys had a great time
the people that we were hanging out with
eating with at the table they were super
nice yeah they were nice they're sitting
there like hey you want to play charades
so you place your rage had a good time
ate too much food and Jacob is so tired
Oh buddy
quit showing off get up buddy I know
you're tired but you can't be homeless
okay come here buddy come here
he didn't even eat bugs exactly three
hour drain for cable when we got here
you guys they were like yeah it's gonna
be about an hour and about three hours
later they're like hey yeah hug green
party of six and I'm like dude it's like
going on nine yeah and then I got full
like so quick out the veggies we got
here during the day loads we got here
during the daylight it was six o'clock
and it is like 11 o'clock right now it
is super late we're going home vlogs
almost over you guys yeah great time
meeting a couple of great people you
guys were awesome if you see this vlog
great time
thanks for playing charades with us that
was awesome where we get we got to do
that on our own sometimes housefly let's
go home well that's gonna be it for
today you guys thanks for watching
Bridget's playing Friday the 13th behind
me having a good time I just wanted to
take a moment to say thank you guys for
watching the vlog and watching the music
video and downloading the song and if
you haven't seen the music video yet
check it out the link is below Heather's
doing amazing guys I can't thank you
enough for sharing it with your friends
and telling everybody hey check this out
it's worth seeing guys thank you so much
it means everything to me just keep
doing it because everything that you're
doing is working and it works better
than I can ever do like because of the
work you're doing you're having it chart
better than some songs pushed by music
industries and it's like this whole
thing is fueled
and ran for you guys so thank you so
much because without you truly none of
this would be thank you no thanks for
watching you guys had a great day like
favorite and that
