what's going on you guys freak behind a
camera here but drugs here freak - just
like freak - here you go say bridge 11
ad-free yes I am free - I see Eric right
here freak and I'm a freak - she's
definitely a freak with or without
eyebrows so today is Tuesday and today
we just did Shannon yours with extra
Shane you ain't cute Jane why'd you have
a little little and today
today is Tuesday and today we're no
longer a day ahead folks because we
forgot to vlog yesterday
oh no I was sort of thick I didn't vlog
so now it's actually Tuesday usually
we're doing it a day before now it's
actually the day of yeah so today is
actually Tuesday and today my dad's here
today doug is here because right now
he's playing VR and he's actually start
to feel pretty sick how you feel Doug
how you feel right now he's playing
Resident Evil VR now I played it and let
me tell you guys I felt like throwing up
oh my god I was playing for like a
minute and I was like oh god and then I
played it for like a minute and she
actually did throw up she just grabbed
at the troll it was a lethal fuck does
you feel like throwing up don't get up
just throw up everywhere wearing the VR
that's a viral video buddy dad didn't
freak out at the Super Bowl I need one
oh god you feel like oh let's just do it
yeah baby
are you cool with take a hip attack no
never much
nothing scares some food dad's a serial
killer nothing more scared all done
he's the only person like calmly playing
Resident Evil oh sure that's pretty
queasy Hey right dad
nothing I thought okay are you
historical walk away now buddy your
clothes really does okay turn around
do I have a seat okay yeah okay go over
to the phew because scary Michael yeah
we're not trying to scare you
why would we do that how'd you know
you're scary Oh
going to see is holy crap you'd have
gotten to the home depot Doug Bridget
you said the same joke laughing you
didn't really like you're like girl food
his next girl his
why do we have a girl so bad because you
need one why I don't grill
you'll learn too this is like Adam and
it is a fat joke I think it might be a
bad joke it is hi Joe it's all here so
it is a fragile confirmation that is
calling it I don't know what this brand
is either pay extra for brand I know did
you hear it yeah I heard it did you hear
that's her thing mother why did you say
anything muscle so you ask me you know
yeah so just now those money walking by
and Bridget yeah bridges like oh excuse
me should really head on and Azeroth
Howard eyebrows so I think we're - mommy
are you because I only never stood on
you I helped it with you how noticeable
is it'll mean it's extremely noticeable
you know I'm trying to ha he was
obviously want that freak right there
Michael you're the ones an egghead
my eyebrows are coming back my I think
you see here mine are a little bit
better than yours I admit it so somebody
one glass all Bridget do it look at that
frequent out eyebrows right hair and say
that is it looking out for each is
Werner anger Grampa shirts your eyebrows
oh yeah it's okay you can yeah you you
walk away left frequent out eyebrows
thank God everyone knows you're an
eyebrow a freak that's you he's deadly
talking to you
OSHA : who's you Michael
well Michael why didn't you or my dad
defend me my place which part the guy
just now with the one we called you free
throw this Bridget like insulted three
times like you know I'm just going to go
to the car and your little Barbara at
home no it's my bro I'm good
Fuzzy's shit here and superglue so so
okay
at one point walking through them but
you know what hold on let me just throw
it out there I'm out it was something
along those lines they could have said
you know I want to go home and eat but I
think they said eyebrows Frank and then
somebody else was on the island you
heard them we actually caught that one
on camera he confirmed and then that
dude over there
you just nobody likes you even strangers
nobody likes me today I don't understand
barring some black stuff we can glue
them back no I'm good I'll just put them
thrown naturally did you find that all
that even strangers are publicly like I
don't like this girl I don't know but I
just slept with the pack it's a little
strange like why today what's going on
today I don't know it was like an alien
she does look like an alien you know you
look like you sure is taking you a long
time to think of it just say it ed ed
you look like a steaming pile of shit
that was very mean and expecting
apologize now you hear that man she
wanna follow dozen thank you ticket does
with this work for like dog hair
we're in the wrong Department we just
need to go back to the lawn and garden
get you blower oh yeah I give Michael
sit
oh my blowers holding the camera catch
it up go my god you done just let me go
home and play GTA and ignore you and
look like a freak
next to my freak later dad right off no
I need um like one of these big brooms
for the black suit white the black road
what the fuck rude of what Road what you
see the road
I can't think at the damn name when she
don't drive way I'm done Michael
I couldn't think of it
crappy into it again
hurry up I'm not gonna do nothing like
it all thank you
what was that about
you'll love this no I got obviously if
you like yeah obviously not you're
sounding like so you know how this is
like not your day yes guys everything is
not Bridget say today okay everybody in
the store was on my side people were
given Bridget looks and by the way I
apologize if the wind is too much right
now
no yeah why does everyone think you're a
victim today at one point there was a
guy in the store who bridge wasn't able
to record fully we're going down the
aisle and the guy looks at bridge and
weird me and Duggar playing I wasn't
having fun with bridge we're not really
Maxima bridge we're just joking and the
guy goes you better listen to your man
ah this is a man store and I was like oh
my god this guy oh my god this is what
we were able to record with that guy
he knows you know he everybody knows
you're right even strangers in public
Miller
so much called mail abuse that's right
that year I don't like this man's door
now this was like when you go into a man
stop
so that's what happened at the store and
then we come back home and Britt let me
see him I got a really relish in this
moment it was enjoyable for me so we're
back and bridges doing her little stupid
horn thing and trying to run me over I
wasn't trying to run you over and as I'm
pushing the trashcan up I see the
neighbor and I've never met the guy
before this is our first time meeting
and he comes up are you okay
visually but are you safe he did not yes
everything okay we thought you were
gonna run me over probably that's what
just happy with that guide yourself are
you okay is everything all right I just
show him that I'm safe for now but I
gave him a code word oh I'm joking wind
is blowing I'm getting out of here
Bridgette I'm done with today this is
not too windy we'll go in okay you guys
I'm in the bathroom right now I wanted
to take a moment look at my eyebrows
show you guys the progress of them
they're starting to grow back actually
I'm a hairy bastard look at this focus
so those are starting to grow back
I wonder if bridges are I'm going to go
and I'm going to get her eyebrows I
think what I'm going to do is get her to
start talking and the whole time just be
zooming in on her eyebrows and she
doesn't even know it
these are my eyebrows though you guys
going back god go ahead tell me what
what'd you say you wanted to tell me
some entertaining story yeah it would be
yeah it was just BuzzFeed story it's so
gross okay so it was basically about
these sub sandwiches and famous ooh yeah
okay so one sub sandwich was like tuna
and ketchup do and I know and then the
gospel game how like I just were
okay it worked it gets way worse and
then this other sub sandwich was like
everything was like it was blurry keep
talking to term fix the focus here
his other nut doing give me a second
focus on my hands here what's wrong with
you I'll be right back okay tuna
sandwiches yeah well I already told you
that one but the other ones that were
really grossed me out and I really want
to tell you about because it'd probably
make you throw up I feel like someone up
already
maybe yeah it's bad okay so it's a it's
a sub sandwich at Subway by the way at
subway at Subway
okay what are you doing I was listen to
the story guys right okay phone please
well stop falling asleep I'm trying to
tell you good
what Michael do come be my glasses why
is the stool free okay so we go one two
this person requested a bunch of
mayonnaise all over us the sub and what
are you you're getting close dude oh no
am i this big like here I'm not
listening to the story at all just chill
your high press all thought my god well
that's going to be a per day Oh guys
thanks for watching had a pretty good
day um I didn't have a good day I had a
good day it was really good name for me
for some reason everybody favored me let
me know in the comments why you think
that is why is it Babel one look of
bridges like this bitch yeah what the
hell I mean you're not a victim here
anyway I got two things for you guys
right now one is a comment below and
another is a like so first comment below
and comment a bunch of times I need a
bunch of comments for this to happen if
you want us to do the ghost hunt tonight
ghost hunt no eyebrows oh my god maybe
we could summon a ghost something good
like oh god no eyebrow
Michael why are you so mad by that has
it scares me we're going to some of the
spirit and so take Bridget to hell no
isn't to beat you to hell we think
you've already been there and your
eyebrows burned off the other thing is
alike so today YouTube announced that
they implemented a brand new live
streaming through mobile devices so do
you guys want us to livestream
oh my god that sounds like fun we're
talking about baby goes to the stores
walking into grandpa's I don't know
click like if you want us to live stream
on mobile and you want to join us let us
know that's going to be it for today
guys thanks for watching I love today
personally today this wasn't a good day
like I'm gonna go take a shower eat some
ice
you do need a shower I want the ice
cream like you know my baby brother Matt
well why don't you stick up for me today
with it it was all in good fun
yeah if it was serious I'm going to
defend you my father view before it was
funny woman hey old man now come here
no good I know just do be on shore like
subscribe favorite on everything to us
follow her on everything and laugh at
her right now you haven't either and you
look worse your balls like a baby egg
