what's going on you guys kids without
eyebrows behind a Super Bowl here but do
I hear with no eyebrows it also becomes
Super Bowl you just straight take my
shit go over something new true Ridge
West behind freakish BJ's I speak you
don't interrupt me Bridget west behind
freakish features yeah that's right
without eyebrows today is Sunday and
today we are going over to Grandpa's be
wait for the Super Bowl the Super Bowl
yes you like you got out the Super Bowl
completely we're going to grab off today
because today is wing day look we don't
watch sport goes for it so today is the
Super Bowl and I think we're supposed to
make a prediction okay so I'm going to
say the Patriots win 3428 what do you
think I'm going to say Atlanta win 15 to
0 you think it could be like a complete
run away yeah today is the Super Bowl
and today we're going over to Grandpa
top so we're going to eat wings and most
sandwiches and I was going to like if
they wear out their wings sandwiches
cake
we just want name and shit I'll see us
again today we're going over the gravel
sauce and we're going to have little
sandwiches that is my part
you'll love the wings that's all you're
like win crazy
I was a little sandwiches okay today
we're going over to Grandma's house
we're going to have wings little
sandwiches tacos little sandwiches take
little sandwiches this is a fat with
these little pepper now deciding to
forget about the wings now I want a
little sandwiches okay
today it's super eat day so we're gonna
we're gonna grapples up and I'm gonna
have a super bowl of chili nachos so
today is the super come in a super ball
of fun to me well god that's not that's
disgusting let's go to the people should
I wear my crown I I mean no oh my
eyebrows up guys my bros are back
completely and solid so who you thinks
gonna be the Super Bowl MVP for the
faffing Tom Brady
you are joking no yes I'm sure it is
Tom Brady that's the dad from The Brady
Bunch okay by the way I know it's really
Mike break so people are going to say in
the comments that I was wrong I know
that Tom Brady pays plays for the Eagles
I already know that all right let's go
with your foot leg ready this is just
like a dirty screen really yeah Oh God
guys make a little star now Julia we
didn't wash the screen at all that your
open Super Bowl I am ready for the Super
Ball silly guys we like sports we don't
care who knows from shooting hoops to
the Super Bowl
we like fourth we don't care who knows
football football football tennis hockey
right there's a goal skal how did you
forget the song like that I don't know
it's a Lonely Island reference never try
this again okay
we like fourth so we don't care who
knows from shoes again football football
tennis hockey Goff the baby we're going
over to Grandpa's house right now you
guys it's late it's time for the Super
Bowl
dad is going for the Falcons I am going
for the Falcons
I'm going for the Falcons because
everyone is so against them that's the
whole thing people will say like Falcons
don't even deserve to be there so they
got there okay so now I'm just going for
them for that thing but the Patriots are
badass motherfucker so I'll my god we
both made our predictions are accurate
predictions earlier so I'm not going to
repeat the numbers because you heard
what I said the scroll is going to be
but we're going to grandpa you ready I'm
ready
well we're at grandpa's house right now
and we're here for the Super Bowl and
dad is I should just chill at home you
can see him because it was nothing to do
with this right now he's just sitting
away with a big bow are you going for
that and Lana
oh yes
longer keep saying you don't love it so
dad's pretty pissed off lately yeah God
made him driving a football so this
every me and dad were in Walmart
yesterday and somebody was like oh
Falcons don't belong and it's been
nothing but people saying oh they opened
for Atlanta it is one thing it's like
look they won their there okay relax a
little bit so dad is going for plan I
need you to shoot my stars oh wow man
what if they get their ass with do it
the showdown coming up the lens Super
Bowl boy go sports team touch pad Oh
hole-in-one Super Bowls going down right
now and me and Bridget are in here
having a super what Super Talent
keep we're saying with people not done
making us yeah a bit of to see him yeah
hook up the sandwich no you think
goddamn Lambs out man how did focus
come into the game dad what oh the
fridge was open
okay making me some Jew I was over to
pull my dad's like a minute Michael it
takes a long time to make little
sandwiches it does not
yeah it does she's crazy
yeah he said you were making one for me
let's say that you see the involve him
you said I'll make you one
I said do you want one you really know
you are a piece of steaming shit look at
me I want to insult you to your face you
worse no no
so you looking at me you are steaming
shit sisters telling you in about salute
your brother fuck cuz really funny to do
it those those funny dad was trying to
do know he wanted to say fuck you and
the pilot against it and then still said
motherfucker
screw you motherfuckers handing off the
real Isaiah say var : screw it alright
all you people out there that are
watching the Superbowl that as we said
that as loud without man that amount
there's no way they since there were
mistakes you they don't fall in a soup
bowl I've got one thing is saying for
you haha
haha
it's district after database seriously
for the past few weeks it's all been oh
man oh man come on yo howdy earlier
Charlie was like a little bit Green Bay
for my three major one television name
hello Luke ah y'all bad people ha ha ha
in such an end touchdown enjoyment yeah
enjoy this they're gonna give you that
much oh don't string em up
it's great wait razor brewery why didn't
we OC we find out behold I will not eat
no man actually refreshing you gentlemen
Oh
bro play it smooth righteousness right
clothes on
yeah he was a lineage of my guys game
sighs oh yeah
they had you people crazy huh fuck you
he's going to Charlie yeah but didn't do
tied game so I laugh a lot in the game
now you mean great job and refresh me g1
job with the dog don't know what Brady
is gracious pretty Mon yes hey giant so
will only show me the Vengeance damn it
what the stop we were so sure but doing
that laughs still blonde in the game you
know I'll see who win but then people
say llantas blonde games into a fuck
they were talking about ah well then I
like it I do all night here it goes
everybody took your ends right here I'm
recording just to take that snap I'm
sitting down all but not buy another TV
say hello to gracious baby ah
and be free
Oh take us down you got it hahahaha Dale
hey we doing it's always love just like
that
not the reactos of second I am just like
that
woo well should I do that is bored out
for five Oh fine if it is fabulous I
just punch you a dream yeah oh you gotta
get know your you got come on oh shit
no dad it's a football game coming up
with machete yeah
it's in question in any smart hops in
your head you haven't hit a fuckin
pretty legit 4/20 grandpa had a Super
Bowl meltdown this year but it was
different than we thought yeah in
Jerusalem right there is ik and it's
closing grandpa mental breakdown sorry
it's crazy I want to try out the camera
but I'm afraid he comes back out we're
gonna top laughs yeah I'm coming it's
Lynn hos remember what I said this
morning
it was going to end 3428 I probably did
it I did why I predicted it damn
okay here's what really happened you
guys I'm recording that scene tomorrow
so when you saw it earlier you're like
whoa people boys a psychic
not quite I haven't filmed it yet I'm
lying to you
we're leaving grandpa's house right now
you guys
and honestly I expected a blowout you
Bridget I was going for elana well yeah
I mean I'm saying didn't you expect a
blow off and dad oh yes I connected
grandfather freaked out it was built up
all night when he was like I expected
that TV milk Nelson so no viral video
this year folks will disappointing I
must admit I would have happily bought
him any fees for that but no not this
year unfortunately next year so we're
going home
hopefully next year what if you just let
me hear a funny voice yeah right good
morning yes my ass a feeling shocked me
tail mine's more shocking let me go no I
promise top top top minds revelation
okay my hilltop you zip it in my street
now guys I like football I like football
is that what you were gonna say right
you guys this looks fake it was not
planned you joined it I really enjoyed
it
like going in I was only there for the
food
turns out I was bored it was so much fun
dude I was sitting there I don't watch
football I'm not a football fan our
asses were glued on that loveseat the
entire time often my back is sweaty yeah
guys I don't watch it with shop I
enjoyed it it was so much fun it really
was like I really enjoyed it
do we might book
gokane we like for any team we like
sports and we don't care who knows more
we all my babies
let's put sports on yeah we need that
before for sport for ah yes for I'm
getting Sunday Ticket oh it's over for
the year oh hello I'm not gonna watch
every football game but I'll watch some
of them I feel able to this on Delos
board
I'm not football fuck I I like history I
really did enjoy nadara well that's
gonna be a pro today you guys thanks for
watching surprisingly a good day I'll be
on I know like I said it was so much fun
I can't believe I might like sport I
can't believe that I actually might like
football pretty crazy you at you guys we
might be new football fans usually guys
I just watch them a Super Bowl and I
yeah I like the only sport I really love
is UFC and wrestling I like that too but
football so anyway that's gonna be it
thanks for watching you guys I'm frankly
shocked grandpa didn't blow out me - it
is what it is no viral video this year
shit is hot that was crazy here we never
celebrate like events and positivity
anyway you guys are so pissed he went to
bed like subscribe favorite not
everything but to us and you guys don't
let a sporting event divide us
oh yeah now let us ports leave that job
for the presidency
I'm just kidding don't let anything
divide you quality shit yeah yeah guys
favorite on everything to us
and that's hope everyone had a great
night it's like focus on my hands while
I wait for you to finish you done hope
everyone had one shot off
