what's going on you guys kid without
eyebrows behind a camera here Prison was
here without eyebrows eyebrows and some
agreeing oh you are I'm so ugly she's
been doing this all day folks so I was
seriously I walked into her in the
bathroom staring at ourselves reduces
going exactly what it was like no so
anyway I was just kind of looking into
mirrors like where did I go wrong in
life you added me you added me that's
where I went wrong
so anyway today is Super Bowl Sunday and
see how I did that you tell I'm not like
a sports fan go home run Oh
Falcons with a double dribble passing
the rock grand slam with a grand slam a
breakfast at dimmy oh we don't watch
football you guys okay I've only gone
for the wings seriously she's gonna grab
us tonight for wings I don't care about
sports it's not my thing
well I was like go Falcon ready to go to
eating one I think you need a Falcon
wing that was clever pal
anyway look I feel like you're berating
me with I feel like it's not true okay
shut up
today it wasn't necessary I saw myself
with eyebrows not mad okay today it's
Super Bowl Sunday now that vlog is
probably going to be uploaded tomorrow
because this blog is going up before the
Super Bowl but we are going to be
filming a Grandpop's tonight I bring my
own dressing it's the question you're
ugly cheese are you like you're like
that's we're doing an intro you're just
thinking about wings and blue cheese and
throw over that's it
is it recording yes okay so Bridget was
talking about blue cheeses and wings on
the intro you took my mind off what I
wanted to do so last night we did film
some stuff usually I'm Jose ahead today
I'm not a dad
and so this book is actually happening
on Sunday and what happened is all we
filmed was making some meatballs and me
bitching but we're not compliment
including that yeah you are what's
embarrassing are you sitting embarrass
anyway this is about eight minutes okay
so sit back grab some Falcon wings
yeah I'm explain you that so get some
wings popcorn etcetera
look this is the footage we filmed last
night check it out
Swedish meatballs and you could consider
a Super Bowl food now enjoy your secret
bowel food it is total paper if you make
this risk oh my god speaking of I
thought the toilet paper today did that
needed to be added
I know I got breaking news we don't wipe
our ass yeah I know how you like in life
you're half please cut the footage can
be false top money cut away oh shit Sam
I'm so sorry
you're awesome you know I felt Astrid
peaceful okay why was going to happen or
night one cooking something good I know
see how any other lifestyle that is a be
sure to me I want they yeah it's worse
gory like the work that I can't taste
without eyebrows they know I don't have
them either though but I can't taste
everything I eat like that's definitely
true I hope I don't burn everything you
wouldn't know you want because it's
taste is me again I'm sorry but I
appreciate this dinner you're making
guys they're making Swedish meatballs
Oh water did you keep too bad you don't
have your taste
let me show me huh I will tell them that
building yes maybe you just hide pricing
your time I did not throw over the child
you know that guys sometimes it happens
to me a couple times a month
I leave the tape doesn't have that a
couple times a month it feels like it
does enough no boxing off 15 you watch
unbreakable I think you had hate
themselves I don't taste huh they come
to go I lose my sense of taste you guys
I'm so weird
don't worry me please well not worries
me what we call the fucking doctor I'm
sorry I love caldo but it's probably
it's nothing
Thank You Bridget you have to blog this
so here I am
we're in the parking lot of the guard
ship storm like dude we should make
Swedish meatballs and we're like yeah
Wow but I literally did that dance while
I was getting to fuckin tell me
yeah yeah and then I get home a little
probably delicious practicing's I'm
actually doing it on camera hoping
something to change it heavily taste it
see if it's try to press your time I
won't film it here you will see no but
you might think you might need a good
brushing I don't know maybe it's plaque
so that there you guys have it big and
Swedish meatballs and I can't eat it it
is me father's done oh my god they're
going in the oven
come on show me no just show me what it
is we're just now gone I'm giving you a
Valentine's present what 10 get out oh I
play with googling like why can't take
Wow guys I'm over there cooking I see
this I've had going and I walk up and
she puts it to her
so I turned on the camera they funny no
more I thought she was googling why I
can't taste and she was like I don't
want you to see this I'm cooking we
cover the next step is we're making our
gravy and Belle is demanding she find
out the recipe she'll find out she watch
at the vlog so I have the drippings from
the meatballs that cooked in the oven
and I have them sitting in here with
onions and we are going to fry up the
onions in the drippings and then we'll
be back there Bridget I'm really tired
of gift-giving being like a thing
because dude I don't ever know what to
get you know because you don't have any
interest in anything you don't have any
interest in anything
I really what is it I'm thinking about
walking over there with my no eyebrow
ass grabbing that tablet from her pain
I'm not anyway back to the cooking
segment
so in here I've had a little bit of
thumbs up and I don't even know it and
here I got a little bit of brown sugar a
little bit of claw
yes I'm vlogging no Bridget we don't
live in a family of vlogs so anyway oh
yeah you talk about getting have that
insects on Valentine's Day on vlog yeah
okay the onions are almost all states on
the add flour on a sec of an in here I
got salt pepper uh-oh I need to add a
little Worcestershire where you at wish
you're sure however you pronounce it
that was really good know how you say it
as they pronounce it wrong like nobody
knows how to pronounce it all right and
now wish you sure and add a little bit
of brown sugar to this for a wolf
dabbled weak
yeah look at the fuckin pan just goes in
circles all right now I'm going to add
some flour a little more flour I'm going
to whisk it in there you don't want any
clumps no flour clump come on pants a
still now we would add a little bit of
beef consommé I know you think it would
be consummately what the hell be
consummate okay beef consommé is
something that I had to Google when I
thought on the recipe because I didn't
know I yeah he's constantly 92 see it's
turning into a nice brown gravy little
more the beef whisk that together and as
Japan does it circle I'll be back next
up is some heavy cream and I must admit
how hard it was to get this little
container open I haven't been in school
for a long time and I forgot that that
was the hardest part probably the reason
I dropped out now this part I found odd
but the recipe rating was huge and a
little sour cream so we're going to see
how like a stroganoff at that point I
don't know so now I've added our cream
so that's all the ingredients the basis
I'm going to flavor to taste now so I
think it needs salt
I'm gonna add salt to baking these heavy
cream I'm going to add heavy cream and
I'll let you know what I did when I'm
done I'll be back eggs new ones just
some Gazebo you can't have a girl with
your dog you can have creamy meatballs
okay plop some meatballs down
followed by some creamy sauce over look
it's amazing oh my gosh why not actually
bowl why not
and I really like I think I was awesome
so pretty but taste it see how the glass
I see your freakish I saw oh my god
bridge without eyebrows eating fish
meatballs okay now it's good as fuck so
right now Bridget the freak she is now
an accident I apologize the freak bitch
oh Jesus Christ
I'm trying to get it off his face
don't do it I'm really on my eyebrow I'm
really not doing an apartment I promise
oh shit okay was on purpose okay so
Bridget I did I have to punish you
somehow Bridget wants to put sunscreen
there's a Cutler I brought you but yeah
from you how from scrubbing it yep that
is brutal
okay got it alright I'll focus you see
nice job what'd you put in freaking
sunscreen on your eyebrows come on rub
it in oh poor little baby I got you you
now I said I'm going out into the Sun if
we're going onto the Sun let's make sure
my eyebrows are safe
oh good my iphone say the recipe can
burn for as long as these bad boys are
protected I'm good
look you serious okay
I'm going Sun Tanning I just put what
I'm good from the Sun if these Stan
we got sunscreen on a freakin IVA
Michael still cannot taste and I'm going
to make him think that he has some sort
of rare scary disease may be coming
itís oh oh I just read something about
not being able to taste so you can't pay
still right I can taste a little bitter
oh that's good well I read it it's a
very rare condition
it's called tongue Unitas and it's
deadly well yeah I think I need to take
to the hospital what it's definitely
dude I I don't know what else to do but
you might die over those what's on
tonight tonight is tendinitis yes you
live on your face right now okay is that
like a face
hey what are the ball pressure a lot of
shit Marie and I had to wear on your boy
yeah
okay do it okay I was sitting at
computers what would you put it save
King admit it
are you trying to tell everyone why
you're upset
admit it I'm at one you're building it
cuz the bright not positive admit it's
not a pain we're with the gamble
weather-wise no camera I just broke the
news to everyone on YouTube you
definitely need to go to the hospital my
emergency you're running to give me the
kraaho vlog I'm not gonna and they're
trying to get you to cry I'm trying to
save your life I never play right no
we'll miss you Cyrus shit - where was
the camera there was no cue I'm taking
it right now why that was the only
camera wait yeah yeah so it seems like
yeah it's a pretty good
I prank you and I got you soak up it
just watch the video how was it sitting
there I did not see it there I'm just
good would you cover with like a shirt
or something he has acquired a bit
bridges good toga night it I don't even
notice the thing ultra time doubled it
hey oh my god I hope you taste the wings
later me too damn it cover it well
that's gonna be a pretty good guy thanks
for watching
we got roasted oh you want to play why
that Oh Mike you okay let's talk about
it we get makes me you like I'm looking
at my head now I look like a monster
okay and I feel I can't lie what are our
young'uns uh Caleb sent a video of his
brother
reacting to me a prison without eyebrows
anyway aren't so ugly so okay here is
the video Caleb your brother frickin
boosted us oh my god - here we go check
this out I'm going to show you this real
quick picture of get my camera and
bridge okay know what that hey Wyatt Oh
Sybil what he has like the biggest
forehead in the world now written this
looks okay just one hug leave you oh
what'd he look like they brought you a
monster
I wouldn't even be traded to a job I'd
be afraid of a team hurt yeah he got a
food okay that was brutal that was so
brutal and yet you know I am an ugly
monster and I am the biggest forehead in
the world
I can't complain I can't argue with it
it's true I look awful
look it gave me an idea okay send me
your reaction ah roast us both okay we
want to be roasted yeah so I just keep a
picture you two smiling wait we should
do this I think it looks worse like that
it does anyway roast us the nice
reactors and maybe we'll react to some
of them being roasted by you guys yeah
tweet us at four to us at lyrical brass
also put it on YouTube and we're getting
out of here this thing's getting off the
rails and embarrassed we got roasted
it's pretty funny though come on Mac now
like but they put me to blog at
grandpa's house for a Super Bowl that's
we're gone right now yeah then you
complain like and subscribe favorite
sorry thanks for us and that you looked
awful right there yeah holy shit I can't
see it
