what's going on you guys keep you out of
camera here bridge a wet not here and
the reason bridge West is not here
because I woke up super early it is
seven o'clock in the morning right now I
woke up from a dead sleep okay I was
sleeping I was having a good dream where
I had eyebrows and I was enjoying life
and I woke up and I realized these
fucking things are gone my eyebrows gone
cakes my eyebrows are gone and I'm
pissed so I want to take the opportunity
right now in the intro to ask for some
help
how do I get her back I don't know what
to do at this point how do I get
Bridgette back
I need prank ideas folks if you didn't
see the video we uploaded yesterday we
shaved off Bridget's eyebrows and I
wanted to be a nice boyfriend right she
was like please let me change you please
and I was gonna let her shave my fucking
eyebrows and I didn't order to shave my
hair because I was growing it out dad
said my hair's really thick so dad told
me if I grow it out eventually he'll
start to grow long and I don't want long
hair but I want the up I want the
ability to have it because I got
freaking thick horrible hair so I wanted
to grow it out and first she shaved the
beard then she started to shape the head
and I was pissed and then she took out
the fucking eyebrows so I don't have
eyebrows you guys I look like this
I just want to get her back post in your
post you slut I came to talk it's too
early post some ideas in the comments
I'm going to go through them and Bridget
buzz how many feet this blog I don't
even care if you know I'm going to prank
you and I don't even care if you know
I'm going to use some of these ideas
the comment because I'm using some of
them to prank you with so that's what's
going on now we're just not awake yet
frankly I don't want to be a wink I'm
kind of pissed at her
so yeah today's Saturday today and got
no eyebrows let's get this day started
how many more know some happen style
horrible angle of me I know but right
now I've noticed since yesterday my
eyebrows have been burning and I'm
trying to figure out why that is so you
give it a good look at them
that's it cut so not only do they shave
my eyebrows but to cut my face up to so
what I broke never go back with that cut
is Bridget it is permanent and I listen
to forever
dude my Rosberg go back that's all I'm
saying
because that's where it burns where the
look like cut it
Oh hottie Bridget oh this is my head was
bigger but look at this my head was
bigger with no eyebrows you don't
realize how much stuff requires eyebrows
until you don't have them anymore me
doing this clothes normal again put on
you guys all right now so me Felix is
Claude awake what's up boys you got my
back you see something there right now
is we've been looking for a ghostly
voice so a lot of people have actually
been sending us speaking of that stuff
as you can see in the house and it's
terrifying so I don't know all right I
need help you see it go bark and let me
know he's guarding me I feel like
meanwhile Felix have just hope when it
goes pops out and kills me that he don't
shit you don't care about me at all do
you really do so you can see it but you
hate me
alright that's pretty cute I'll give
that to you if you try to spray me right
now fuck he's trying to spray to couch
he don't try to bless it from the ghost
did you not do that
I've been walking around the table to
get that ps4 controller and feelings
things I'm chasing him then now got the
people again to fit that on so then what
do I do
sorry since I had to get this I had to
get something so rigid small just got
here and she wants to parade us around
without eyebrows gosh you guys we look
only like a freak so you're right you
look way fatter without life I know do
we gain like 30 I feel like my face
gained all the way you became 40 bicular
here it goes oh man oh my god
you visually literally put on like 50
pounds doing was really gained weight
with no eyebrows well I have something
I'm going to try to help you fix these
out I brought things what are these
no these are I thought they had metric
are you gonna be good for I have
excellent for your cable won't be your
head I got them a man give me one please
look I brought this over because I heard
about the eyebrows
it's a little eyebrow powder I'm going
to try to make you guys eyebrows this is
a cop-out bridge we have to live without
eyebrows we have that eyeliner fruit
brow color throw in the garbage Cindy
it's not not worried only in the worse I
know it okay well okay we're going to
try it but so everybody knows we're
watching it off after because we have to
live without eyebrows that story
percussion now I could do it cuz I did a
great shit so I'm getting eyebrows mom
trash it Michael is going to look like a
freak with me
good news Christ I would say just to do
this because I've never done eyebrows
okay she could do it to me because I
never agreed to make it on your daughter
maybe a thousand dollars to do me and
not her oh my god that's you guys ever
bridges how do you finally sandy just do
it
you'd only messing it up if she's
laughing when you're dying I'll fill it
in to help
would let me steal of this little guy
bro yeah he's a funny no more Emma Cindy
hey why they don't go all the way over
here I gather you do another know this
better not be like the thing where you
wrote like fat fuck or whatever it was
last time come on you would know I won't
you can take
okay what did she do there Jesus Christ
Harry good eye Groucho Marx better look
good okay
really sir vision is straight unibrow
register no see how come you couldn't
try with me like this I did I thought
you gave me angry growl Chilmark eyebrow
I don't know how to do eyebrows so look
why are you laughing
you know someone's coming now we're the
ferry trip route through and we're
finishing the vlog like this no dams
have you all right boy yeah you did
we're going to do the duration of this
vlog for as long as they stay on we're
going to wear these because risking
think it's funny I didn't take you guys
out in public no I'll be honest with you
Bridget where we haven't cooked under
the phone trying to talk to you while
you let me talk I was going to say we
were going to have the spaghetti squash
at night I don't know I don't know
either because we're going to Super Bowl
food on Sunday we're gonna help Super
Bowl food I got the fucking eyebrows
it's like right like he's like I I would
rather it completely suck
I would rather us just like be pieces
okay I want Papa John's I to cheese
extra pet extra sauce guys because the
people gonna say Papa John's is paying
us another viable option is pizza over
there stuffed now we're even dominoes
which I fucking hate Domino's but some
people like on yes you like dominos
they're not paying much for their only
problem is nobody's paying us
Papa dies delicious and better than
Popov time last time I have Papa jaws
they burnt my pizza and they fucking
suck yeah they did it was delicious so
good and hot and I wish they would pay
us actually I would have known pay me a
pizza yeah oh my god like lifetime pizza
I'll do anything you want Archer that's
the only one funny so anyway as they
compete the for dinner I'm thinking
pizza - or or what spaghetti squash that
we make throw away and we're people
yeah pizzas that's the whole point is so
hungry oh my god saying rubbing your
stomach truth she's gonna I feel honky
yeah kids do but no I actually have
hunger pains because I'm so hungry as a
laborer pain labor
I was joking mihrab right now remember
oh yeah guys I'm not cover the winds up
she's just a freak Michael thought going
through my mother's part chill ah
okay don't put this in the blog she
watches it you can't go through my mom's
part push it right Clyde
just put it down you gonna tell her I
said power if you don't stop Vivian
Goldie for for 20 minutes palpable stuff
like what did you find don't even think
is that's rude
okay you guys you're seeing this scene
afterwards because we just pulled a
prank and you're probably wondering what
it was all about well Cindy watches our
vlogs okay
she always watched a little too in a
second I'm going to have Bridget walk in
on me going through her mom's purse now
this I'm setting this up after Lee's we
haven't actually done it yet but you
just saw it but I when I'm doing Bridget
I'm going to insert just the clip of me
you find to be going through a person
you bitching at me and she'll watch the
vlog and think it happened until she
sees this part so we're gonna prank
Cindy and we're I'm going to get to film
her reaction so Britt go right there
just walk up to me I was dirty doing
this you're just starting cuz you don't
bathe I took a shower yesterday by
yesterday do you mean six weeks ago I
was thank you bowling ball off me
so tell me about the ball okay walk over
there just stumble upon yeah okay
Michael what are you doing oh no what
are you doing babe that's my mom's
pretty girl that's my mother's purse
what do you put it up it will hold a
girl put it up just stop messing with it
that's rude
stop that's your acting working yes you
wrote the whole thing with that how
that's my mother's purse that's my mom's
purse
yeah go find me over there okay turn
around a little bit okay
yeah yeah Michael all shot you know what
I'm doing yet this is going to work okay
over there so relax
okay well upon opening lesson yeah I was
counting to starting yeah Michael what
are you doing okay
right yeah how's he doing
maybe I should do it just okay yeah
Michael's not going through my mother's
part Joe ah okay don't put this in the
bulk she watches it you can't go through
my mom's part Bridget right Clyde
just put it down you're gonna tell her
I'm gonna tell her if you don't stop
good be a goalkeeper for 20 minutes I
found all this stuff like what did you
find don't even think is that's rude
that's the best we got okay I can't ah
it's fun that's the version we're using
okay when you've seen this I'm kind of
not sorry he was really going through a
personal um yeah what was in that let me
go through it okay we should upload it
to the computer
I'll put it up here I was like I'm
editing the vlog okay and she can just
walk up to me like going to a purse what
do you think I can okay then he's coming
back in right now come by to watch the
video
my first oh Michael one that was
gorgeous purple oh my god right there
that was Michael you guys find anything
good now well that don't like move your
part let's really go through everything
I dumped it all out put it back in take
it get up walk walk oh my god would be
his perfect we're done it's not the fact
anything being like hidden it's the fact
that anybody would go through it with
hot dirt
I want to go through him curious all I
get is a purse I was going first for Tom
gum well
why what I wasn't a virgin
I don't know I'm filmin there's any
problem for me it really will go through
again we call what you guys have trying
to grab on to me that's all dozen would
let us took the hit first way call well
that's enough joking when it goes with a
bit to burn he believes it was it we
didn't really go through your purse you
wouldn't let me go through your stuff
but that's exactly why that's exactly
why we didn't really go through your
purse is she like going through our self
into Queens bridget is wiping off those
four cannot they are so ugly so with
marine ponderosa not always funny
what take it off
oh my god ready I'm gonna put the
pressure on there no God it's so hard
ah you up Jill Garrett okay I got it I
got here you ready
no alright okay you can do ba I'm doing
yours
alright I didn't uh fuck
bah-bah hey get the rest looks good Oh
God so loud
alright good I think I got all right
remember I had to wear this shirt so
don't get soaking I won't
all right how we doing off hey I said I
stopped up for this when you guys all
admit it all right why you're so easy to
get off I know right
please walk in the park no big deal
women bad my wood wire rope uh come on
back
shit usually by now you have dark and
they're not line that's around Bridget
what do they do some that
