what's going on you guys get beyond a
camera here visualize here right there
and you guys today I have really bad
anxiety
she's losing her eyebrows folk not
really cool you know this is going to be
the last intro with eyebrows for a long
time now
Bridget is trying to say she doesn't
want to do intros until they grow back I
don't think so you guys click like if
you wants to do an intro tomorrow
because I want Bridget look extra weird
dirty and dress all you said you don't
want to do a left up dude
it's like up close though she looks
crazy please I want to see an intro she
doesn't want to do it I want to make her
do it so so get a good look smile
yourself mm you're not gonna have any
eyebrows yeah I'm really excited I'm not
this is what a more exciting party yeah
we can the sooner we in the center of
the series my bro Cal fuck a minute no I
want to play the game I'm not so now
your Bridget I'm not going anywhere
those eyebrows are God honey here we go
intro over say goodbye a live rounds no
I don't wanna be fine five well are you
recording yes okay you must think I'm
stupid
what do you mean
I think I know your planet I don't
really have a plan except no eyebrows
where the Clippers you go them in your
purse yeah I do
Georgie I mean there's so much in my
purse did you think that I was this
stupid oh no did you think that I wasn't
even going to go I'm just thinking you
might might have like forgotten when I
saw you hide the damn thing I'm like I'm
like what is she doing over there and
there you are hiding like seriously I
would go to Walmart buy new Clippers oh
my god in my car yeah I got my pocket
I'm sorry
damn well I just don't want to part my
eyebrow well you're our brother gonna
part ways today folks
Mike yeah Ron's got to go hide and seek
and was also looking for for the next
month they're not gonna be back in a
mine probably not
she got some cosmetics go burn it puts
the lotion on the skin super fucking on
it bro you want to talk big ha
what ooh go around it if I could use it
I would say wild wild horses right now
whoa why do you really just tip it on
this yes Michael get your brows I'm
trying to god yo so bad oh my god burned
so bad though mine are still burning
it's done it's funny what women I don't
know roses over talking though and
taking the skin flap go ahead freak it
will be paid off here not done it takes
two lotion of the best it does this
whenever it's told yeah you're perfect
for that
why do you freak you materially elevate
that chicken Council and uh mister let
me out of here I got your dog here I
look worse
oh yeah it's likely in my eyes merely my
eyeball funk and somebody cheated on
purpose no I didn't I swear I never
found it okay a fucking potato yeah
what's on the other side sorry
you gonna burn it
this is work don't ah it's burning out a
one on my skin
hey we look so fat or without eyebrows
right now we're trying to do a thumbnail
Brigitte ready
ha ha ha
hey I'll finish it now go on oh my god
every time I'm on the Internet
eyebrows never roll over I know I do I
know I look worn a no bro garment I look
good the hills have no eyebrows oh stop
it
yeah you got a single laugh I'll bet ah
thanks everybody how it does look with
no eyebrows okay fine yeah please
tailing your next Doug dream I was
growing my hair out I'll throw my
brother I didn't want to shake those let
me get going laughs making fun of me
hood man oh my hair grip on the off well
shit hey Wow
Harry don't know we're here here's put
it on there for you we'll get some main
Sameach hey you got lose everybody get
another one
get around all see you free baby and
mrs. right oh yeah anyway everything
changes eyebrows
someone's gonna change our op soon yeah
what we are mobile to go off at me I'll
take them there comes off the shaver
right now don't do it yeah we're gonna
call now if you better do it Oh Bob it
just don't air yeah there Bobby there's
still air I brother I think I would help
you don't worry Doug we got this
what'd I do why'd you agree to I'm
sweating thank you man I was like just
videos verbal thing fuck
very further moments Terry I am straight
mangy right now ruff
you know what you pull off in a wipeout
let's go man I love that you crawl out
of the frickin tree from Chernobyl I
love Italy look uncle we're gonna start
calling the kit inside a cave behind a
camera republic chernobyl Diaries ok
Charon's Obol
whatever is okay your book you're the
wrongest that everybody I'll play that
we're their razor-edged oh can I
there we go you think very much you know
what I will saying you and approved you
pull off the new opera I'm doing it
Charles can work can't help it oh look
at little Charlie thank you guys you
love it
give me a light let's get up I'm gonna
get a picture of me and Charles in a
second a picture give it to me look
without I yeah ha ha ha I check this it
up you got oh my god thank you guys for
going above me on you
well you
on the grounds of that why that's what a
girl half days there you go oh man you
don't have life right oh my god who
invited crabs to the party
well now you know I'm not I'm off
did you know you either they're
vulnerable
oh my god enough of it I get so mad
- right - things with to our fingers is
a lot oh Christ you an answer for
something did you know I know what did
you know that she was gonna do this to
me
no no would you planned it I did plan it
I secretly know you don't want to do
just randomly showed up you wanna hear
but if you want to see the show right
general
you got me I know look bitch don't you -
yeah but I really gotta go
you can take your glasses off em you
know I come off now please whistle if
you stop by the CVS get you some love
peppers for me even Michael for Michael
I was yeah he looks like a honey ball
come to the demos oh hi yeah oh baby
what took you why is this cute because
you've received upon a shirt oh okay you
guys we just got back from Grandpa's and
I realized we haven't been vlogging
because it shit forgot I don't ah I bro
I don't have an either I forgot for a
second though so anyway we have been
vlogging and I took off my shirt right
we got hump it was covered in hair and I
was itchy and I was in we shouldn't log
so I'm gonna put this on so I can be
wearing that's funny about that keeps
Israel
you know cuz did you have to shave off
the beard and hair - yes baby
I try to think of the best thing to
subscribe what you look like when you
have like mr. Potato Head okay close to
me you look mrs. Potato Head got
microwaves Wow :
babbling too far Rowlands a freak did
you get the shot yeah I told Bridget our
recordings that look like interesting
well why do I said cuz I farted okay
you knew I did I farted right before him
I dreaded call me out on it Michael
about I Pro just think you're not
because I don't have eyebrows is it make
it like smellier like I feel like I'd be
more grossed out of this version I'm
like it's done before you don't have
eyebrows lip syncs more now you know I
could see it you know it probably would
just because I don't have eyebrows I
know it's like an uglier version yeah
that's extra stink we need to take this
oh my god anyway
horrible pretty soon pretty soon we're
going to look around the house for more
ghost stuff because all bullshit aside
come on face I did that I'm like all
bullshit aside we're still haunted by a
ghost so we're going to get on that
pretty soon we're going to be doing the
Ghost Box session without eyebrows
because and now we're both doing it haha
hey don't look at the Freak yes
hahahahaha no build me up a little bit
alright you really honestly don't look
that bad yes I do I've been seeing the
videos I look for an extra fat it's true
I've seen myself get all sudden if you
said something adorable than me I
probably have to laugh give me something
adorable miss Ryan I don't know this is
a nice to me
okay um where's you show sweetie I love
you come on man
call me sweet you so say it - sure coach
while I was born my mommy dumpling a
relish over clucking embarrass myself
again yeah I mean it's not really cute
now now just kind of grows I'm just like
a fucking freak who's trying to be cute
hey Ally retailers are Michael wait
Michael I love you so much
hold on what are you doing when the
light on now do it now do it Michael I
love you so I want to break up I want to
break up work you're about to be out oh
my god this ought to go jump right now
right here what come on ha ha where's
I'm not doing well what you what you
want to go was that why am I to go
because you know there how the fuck does
that make me a good Goliath and ghosts
don't have hair oh so hot shit they're
not real they are real I'm looking at
one right now you tell you just can't
get me furious
where I was gonna hair or eyebrow can
Savior why is that door open that's a
good question honestly yeah why is that
door open I didn't open that in fact I
closed it twice today
seriously why does it keep opening
they've been pushing it open possible
Bella what's the tracking he'll run
we'll get a shot in it are you guys have
a look in here what the hell of a freak
how would you okay take your own joke
against you so here's the room so what
did you miss go this goes in the room
you're scaring me well you're scaring me
quad please over near my painting I'm
gonna check on that actually what the
hook the lights alone look the light
blue come on this is insane planet is it
just means you're a big giant face right
here well you guys didn't see anything
in here or hear anything let us know you
really don't like that Bob you do you
look mutation and whatever it makes you
feel better please you know you want to
insult me too I just did in a work how
if you please for whatever makes you
feel better because you I used to look
way worse than me
oh god you insulted me not even realize
it you look like a fucking freak
takes 101 oh fuck off we get a shot of
the stairs weird you'd be out for all
right
white whoa what dude stop it break it
yeah I'm not going over there anymore
Mel with this think it's funny you bite
your lips I like like turning you on
that I'm so scared
no oh it's not turning you want to turn
you off it's just not doing anything to
me I mean I can't help you're happy sad
surprised you know I can't talk long pal
you don't recognize me
who's that freak I don't know this week
we'll finish it'll know us stop laughing
at me
quit it we're both look like freak here
you know you look smart freakish guys
please want to know in the column here's
your fuckin face like it has n dents and
shadows to look like eyebrows woo
yourself those that you have eyebrows
thinner I prefer that meanwhile you look
like a freak baby okay it's crawling of
a sewer
what would you be so sort of sewer
mutants I coach I look like Leela's
uncle from fucking Futurama hey what do
you want anyway
it reminds me of that pink dude shut up
for a minute
how long would you plan this since
November what yeah are you serious yeah
the second I found out it was a prank I
was like yep I am getting him back lower
your eyebrows
get rid of the shadow dim I don't have
shadows bad and that is you don't have
one naturally me no guys naturally Oh
God when you're of course you can really
see it's really freakish enough happily
zoom in on your face
no I'm like Joey shadows oh my god guys
it's fucking crazy looking shut up
look at you we're going to draw some
eyebrows on bridges here pretty soon
um will dictate if you have your sad
nobody who ever get a GAD in here thanks
for watching you guys
you got ma'am real I'm still like a
little pissed I got to get you back to
my shit you know like a fad like now I
am think it when we like do it doggy
what would you want to look at each
other yeah like favorite I'm good with
that
shove your face in the pillow petition
so come out something with eyebrow yeah
my god it's getting too much like my
facebook target I'm getting good okay so
I'm pulling a fuck blows like subscribe
favorite I've covered the lane I'm just
kidding
