yes dude come on
sorry the worst day of my life
Steve come on so we're leaving the house
right now
and I like oh we haven't done an intro
yet she goes oh yeah and I go to go into
the door in it cause I'm on now what's
going on you guys kids be on a camera
here and I promise you I'm not as happy
as I seem right now I know I see yeah
and she is as happy as you look so hot
right now I am in a pretty bad mood I've
been there pretty bad mood for the last
hour it's really bad guys you're happy
about it I not have I'm happy about
talk--i okay let me tell you guys what's
going on I am in a bad mood and the
reason I'm in a bad mood is because last
week I found out my favorite rapper
atmosphere it's a group atmosphere I was
coming to Charleston and they were going
to be here I thought the 31st so I was
like yes my schedule is clear I'm going
on the 31st yes I tweeted the guy with a
yeah I can't wait this is going to be
awesome
the concepts tonight folks I'm pleased
here you clean it he said I can't wait
to see you Michael you buyer don't know
what that was the tickets are sold out
folks the concert tonight folks I'm
really mad folks and Bridget as a form
of like all pity I'm getting tacos for
dinner yeah and probably Sunday's
Sundays might make it a little bit oh
and we can watch a movie I'll feel a
little better but I want to see
atmosphere please come back atmosphere
it was so fun last time it really was we
was I had this fear like a couple of
mother's days ago now we're really
freaking oh man brother Olly is there a
night to shit okay I'm ending this intro
folks we're going to get taco stuff
pickle boys in a bad mood I can't
believe Steve
that's alright let's go he'll come back
or we'll go see him somewhere deal
okay this happened to me about louis c.k
- oh we can't even talk about that I
cried over Michael okay so number one I
don't get atmosphere no working my house
is far apart no why is this like this I
have to replace lose both hey I know
it's ugly it shit the blip what what
happened there
I'm not sure I you know you're real
pissed about what uck and remember you
slammed this that's not how that
happened that's gonna happen
are you serious sure so it was like two
weeks ago yeah seven broke for two weeks
like this or yeah Mary I'm done with it
I'll go swimming Michael know what ELISA
I got you a Royal Rumble snack you
didn't eat it I knew about it so Royal
Rumble sucks last night maybe horn one
I'm missing atmosphere majora DUP this a
shot dude and I got you a Snickers shit
where's the seat Oh a brooder one cuz we
have the AIDS probably in my car Bridget
did you even say hey Michael I got you a
bag of MacDonald full T yes this sucks I
feel so bad for yo I'm like leaving to
go to the store looking as a battle like
full McDonald oh this is not my day
folks no no this is a real bad day I
don't know the verge of tears right now
I didn't quite listen you guys I don't
have a lot of you know this but I'm the
biggest Lucy cake man I love the guy I
and I cut that part out but I would do
lots of things for Luigi can I check his
website often and I checked back in
September I was going to go to fly to
New York seem a Madison Square Garden
and I checked the website about two
weeks ago and he was here like a week
after I checked his website which means
it was a surprise date and I miss it and
I picked and now I've missed atmosphere
Oh No hey McDonald oh my god and I'm
Larry David was here yesterday
what just kidding that was gonna be at
noon I was just going to go to bed I'm
done with today was Larry's David you're
not why this is what to do with my son's
oh I've had it oh my I just feel bad for
you holidays just aren't for me folks
this is one of those baby for everyone
you know God what do my face just do and
I'll in slow motion oh my god Michael
don't film it are you okay I won't let
down the damn theater oh my good whoa
kisses Wow the bleeding no how do I get
this off maybe she's gonna storm out you
maybe it's not your day today no no no
no no it's always been fair but it was
the worst day of my life it's not a good
day for you you're going to look at this
before the bleeding oh my god no it's
funny but you can probably do it cages I
know I found think it's gonna bleed I
think all right folks
some days you can curl in a ball and cry
some days you want to give up today
don't do it ever again the last time a
joke happens okay yes I can imagine seen
the worst day of my life I'm gonna plant
you but the threat needed purely like
chill out all your reporting yes I'm
going to get hit up I was the clown oh
yeah today's just not your day
be careful so we decided to go to
Walmart because Walmart using the
cheaper on taco night you get to Walmart
no motherfucking hamburger me oh I don't
know
yeah why might we a taco tonight it's
like 70 bucks here is like 390 yeah it's
the same here it's almost you know what
will fit a wall more for top and I would
get to Walmart no beef today oh okay
and now you're getting sick no I'm not
getting sick I'm finding I'm sorry so
stay try to feel like I got the flu this
is getting the worst day of my life
today I know I'm sorry I'm done just go
home with the water chocolate or you
can't order talk about go bail you can
yeah but dude yes or no do we have to
talk about app no they cancelled it I
wanna make tacos dude occasionally up or
do they not intentionally app cancel the
application my phone's at the house my
phone is it the house just kidding there
are women is worth it I like them I've
always wanted
looks like from a favorite way you like
Oh y'all for how long yeah usually look
like this yeah hey what's up guys I'm
not fat at all oh you weren't there
what's happening Michael where I if we
lost this camera we're screwed
where is it I don't know where is that
it's right here take it easy
that's it on the how that works oh yeah
I look at you thought would you have the
hair match right here no you did not
just have it there it did not just have
it there let's say that I was doing with
that I am sorry I'm gonna have a heart
attack I'm gonna take no more my body no
but something really bad I don't see any
cheesy taco mix what yeah I don't see it
and that's going to ruin talk to me
weeks ago like not even kidding
Michael what I'm filming try this you're
just good I put on so or maybe a dirt
right now if the owners will make me
happy it's good it's very good
we're going to make you much shit man
things not get any better huh big bowl
of cream cheese and vanilla pudding so
this is dirt you guys cream cheese real
pudding whipped cream on top of Oreos oh
it's so cute well swans you dude
so machete think it was like the worst
you guys missed it my pants almost fell
down we were leaving the store my bail
was loose what else I don't know but you
know that would have been probably the
most embarrassing thing in your life I
had made you get the camera like you
know I can't not film it my pants fell
down at parking what you have to film
that I know my gosh
in Italy any boxers no I don't wear
boxers how good it is
those are ferrets why would it been
embarrassing I guess gonna be
embarrassed about
no Chris not just you trying to get
robbed man
I'm just saying you like so wants to be
naked in public you know okay I'm in a
better mood sorry Megan dirt that's it
zooming on me well that's gonna be a
pretty good guy thanks for watching and
I know you probably looking at this
right now like give us another couple of
minutes less why is this the outro for
so long hyung that's because I have a
scene I wanted to show you guys I didn't
film yesterday that's why there was
almost not a vlog today I tweeted that
tomorrow I am going to Colombia with
Grandpa and
I didn't film anything so I was probably
not putting out a vlog today so this
wall came as a surprise to both of us it
just happened to be the worst day of my
life so we started filming it seriously
it was horrible it was a bad day for you
I didn't film anything at grandpa's
house yesterday a little bit you're
going to see that in a second
there was a youngin in town and we
invited them to the house for a cookout
and so this was some of the footage this
was just a little bit this is us in the
kitchen check this out we all just
needed grandpas by the way with your
face wait a minute daddy you let's get
it open that is true I did leave it open
I was making chili and this was open and
dad it was like right here Dameron space
for a group so play Michael what is my
phone I take credit for it but we are
sitting here with my name is John Rachel
and there are some young'uns that came
and joined us for Sunday dinner yes yes
uh and always Thank You husband fours
for this sort of absolutely oh
absolutely
thanks for dinner everything was amazing
yes the wine together I hate it although
I broke up with that okay everybody he's
been eating on the night part I've ever
done with it oh my god please don't get
more Sam stretches was right oh my god
you didn't see it but he did it oh yeah
yeah he does it that's a coyote yeah
yeah that's what that extra please and
that money rare yeah hard assets label
that burger patty was packed with flavor
yeah yeah so freely you guys coming I'm
freezing I am right in there where you
from I'm from Maryland but I live in
Florida now helping mustard you guys are
from here yeah we're fishing near
Charleston okay oh my your way well yeah
I'll go up you didn't need some help no
see what he'll do is he'll start doing
it himself and then all everything's got
bitches you guys are here if nobody else
was here he was banging pans
even in yelling yes that's true yeah we
go to deny it did you think ahead that's
damn good you know it yeah I trust me I
never
well I resemble that remark I didn't
even make the innocence dad because they
I resent it and from those folks yeah
but doesn't work it does work no it does
my everybody's name
he's trying to say I resent that but do
I resemble that remark that doesn't work
Oh Lucy that isn't yeah mine going there
it is okay that's okay we'll come it has
big crush the speak up yep yeah oh yeah
you promise you good killing I never
promised yet but it is very good gosh
you really do take a cold bitch though
all right well I'm just gonna close out
here in the kitchen you got anything you
want to say stop all right bye
nice having you guys absolutely nice
meeting you guys no Tania an area oh
yeah absolutely
long as you call that first you don't
got a number so you have to wait outside
the front door yellow-headed hey card
number oh there you go anybody want
cover the lens that was yesterday we're
gonna get out of here I'm ready to just
go to bed early is a horrible day gonna
bad days for you we just recap it uh you
know and everyone's doing at the music
forum right now ah stop it miss that
McPhee R okay just found out ahead
McDonald's last night that I never ate
pants almost fell down at the store I
slid down the stairs and scraped my leg
I almost fell over bridge did the
honking to me the store didn't have meat
this English stuff happened to me it was
a horrible day I left my phone so I had
no contact with anybody bad day really
really bad day
me folks today so I'm gonna get out of
here oh it's broke money huh yes very
funny like subscribe me
alright thanks les what I think maybe
weird thing so that's it ok - fuck you
only - why do we gonna atmosphere why
would it sold out nothing
