once my responsible take you through it
you were pranking me Michael you were
painting me yeah you were pranking me
and I caught you what
why do you want bring the bullshit yeah
I'm just better at pranking and you're
gonna eat well you can't have sick stuff
girl show you whatever I want
what is the my responsibility for
because he felt miserably
pranking me this young one uh I mean
there's one in the tree - oh this one
here yeah oh yeah you guys that part was
cut out of the vlog because I just
thought I look too mean I was trying
look I was trying to add like an angry
drunk and I think I came up to genuine
check this out Mike I started God don't
answer me why do I go oh my god all over
for you don't like me drinking I'm
getting angry sure just go sleep yes did
you even know by then yes yes but
phlebology Michael why you failed it's
not my fault I didn't fail you're going
for it you did I'm sorry no I did not
fail you watched the video you're
presented on drunk people
what I'm so funny oh my god why did you
want to watch the video because I just
did so you're scurrying like a little
red puppies against on get on camera
beginning a cold I hope not
just cry I do I'm giving it to you if
you have already got it anyway
you're in the house during like a little
rat like what's on this camera I want to
see this yeah I thought that it was
outside so you did not make something
with abuse sad last bite off-camera that
you wanted to realize I'm sorry but
you're acting are to do it after to be
Nevada you told me you bought it
nobody
eggs that goddamn stupid whoa I don't
know do you think I'm getting in there
you're crazy
Mako you're gonna have to I will do not
rush it it's your responsibility
what are you what are you feeling I
don't know where is it is it actually in
this I don't know
oh yes right there what holy crap
is it a bird's nest you're hold the
camera right here I'm gonna go for it
but what would be careful oh whoa whoa
that's why it didn't work on me oh these
are beer bottle okay well you don't want
beer trust and girls you're not what
beer okay it makes you feel stupid
so anyway they think they're water like
bottles they can chew ah well you guys
you didn't see it all right good you
guys go crazy old beer
she biggish me Warren they want a party
inside without using my hand neither
where inside if you didn't see the blog
we uploaded yesterday oh I would oppress
rich I'm just trying to easily Michael
stuff so I want to explain it cuz I'm so
pissed so I wanted to prank Bridgette in
the making her think when I was drunk
and I was acting like a dumbass and
embarrassing myself under the pretenses
that she believed it and she didn't
believe because she knew and so she
flipped it and then projectile like
vomited beer right into my face okay it
wasn't bought it but you spit it look at
this you said you said look at this
you earned it cuz I pissed in the bottle
Wow hahaha
I want to redo this in slow motion
because I got something to say about
this okay okay
ha you get that shit on purpose no look
it's like you gave it a thought pop it
perfume no no no you'll never prove it I
won't be an even slower motion no guys
he doesn't worth it right now you did it
on purpose didn't you
you'll never know the tube she spent in
beet beer in my face on time you tried
to praise me
I still do it on purpose that was
basically just admission of guilt okay
anyway let's get this day started
she got me it's early no you so I
thought you twice man sorry on alright
you guys I need to charge up some
batteries now I have four batteries for
this camera one is actually in it right
now it's fully charged some charging all
night I just need to make sure my other
batteries are charged because this hate
comments video eats up some batteries
boys are very good come on be charged
yeah boy charged all right yeah I'm
fully loaded folks four batteries for
hate comments you're probably wondering
why we need four batteries for the hate
comes well like I said this thing could
film for 30 40 minutes and I try to
piece together the best footage from
that 40 minutes and the batteries could
die several times other than the camera
overheat it is a process click like if
you guys want to see some of that
process because sometime
I don't film it while the cameras are
reheating but I do have to camera so
click like if you guys want to see the
transition period and how we do the hate
comments video sort of behind the scenes
so anyway getting ready to go to hate
comments for back there I am bragging
about the frickin battery and then the
one I'm using dies pretty soon we're
going to be going over to angry
Grandpa's house to film the hate
comments video and I told you guys
yesterday to go ham leave as many
comments as you could I want to find how
many comments there are there's so many
we're going through them right now so I
wanted to take you guys through that
process 15,000 are you serious yeah are
you serious yeah 15,000 yeah guys you
got what you want to ham not really I'm
glad right now we're going through we're
trying to choose like 20 of the best
because I can't make like 80 minute long
video right okay this is a violin okay
was here only I can't see anything if
you dark good this way
here we go good yeah only reason why
Mike hasn't gotten bridgett pregnant yet
is because pink is so small and his
belly is so big and uh appeared chance
she does reach anything it's an only has
pretty factory to sell me rated are you
worried about it I don't you don't know
how to read okay all right this guy void
man vapelife says only reason why Mike
hasn't gotten Bridget pregnant because
his dick is so small and his belly is so
big and on the pure chance he does reach
anything it only hits Bridget's fat
creases so there you have it folks
and this guy says okay this is the worst
thing I can come up with because I'm not
a mean person honestly like degrees the
fat bitch
Bridget took that thought what a finish
does bring to the side bitch I hate her
she thinks I love you guys read my
comics or video okay fine another photo
hopefully our last this time
yes a who reads it do okay Nick McCarthy
every time Bridget pisses might go off
he should starting to film a full punch
Soderbergh oh yeah oh my god he said
this Nick McCarthy you cruel bastard am
pretty girl that hurt don't don't snap
at me virgin because I want shot film
before boy oh great you okay okay I
don't know if that was acting or climate
action okay keep going
now you guys want to you know show my
full body over a guys are wonderful
videos of real or fake well that's for
just acting
bruiser Michonne full body shot now or
if you guys want to hear her acting
watch when she figured out that I was
drunk in the video yesterday was what I
wasn't good oh my god you gave me I was
trying to be a stupid drunk will you
just forget while you're a horrible
actor so go ahead next grandpa looks
like a white California raisin that was
predictable son hahaha just rinse on
that was SP p77 rising says the amount
of 30 guys eat in one sitting is enough
to feed about 10 children who go to bed
hungry every night because of poverty
for a week I hope you're happy
okay so he's saying that we need enough
food to feed 10 people and one city let
me ask you a question can 10 people eat
all this McDonald's all this Taco Bell
and this pizza and this ice cream son in
one city that was just say to me this
all these tacos and that Pizza and the
McDonald you really think so what the
hell is that thing about out really yes
yeah you guys that was dinner so what
you got to say for yourself Bridget all
that McDonald's and talkable you went a
little crazy with all the spaghetti
squash you had lately
we missed talk about in McDonald so we
got all
and ice cream don't die oh yeah ice
cream sundae stuff that's just still
right here oh yeah and bring it on poll
paper for the effect of what ice cream
and Taco Bell McDonald do you guys knows
maybe to wipe her out okay well cover
the Timlin okay here's one from the mat
mat the end says that ending was
pre-planned still funny as hell you
could tell that when she spits it out
she neither knew him and the bottle
wasn't even present gary said go ahead
and drink it you okay first of all I was
it pre planned but second of all he can
tell that you spit it in my face on
purpose I didn't do that I need you to
admit it again you spit in my face now I
didn't you're like fuck my gums bitten
in the damn thing no no I wished it was
pre-planned I was not prepared to cover
it freaking via my god what somebody
like a screenshot of the perfect moment
I'm just going to show you and everyone
what are you talking about oh my god
we're gonna slug like that's how we've
reproduced oh you already make baby
Jesus who did this oh my god Bridget oh
my god seriously I spray slug juice on
you now
it was on the like page in Graham Holly
page oh my goodness this is crazy you
guys yeah that is definitely like a
reproduction thing
what a horrible embarrassing moment that
could be the thumbnail I know how do
they get that moment good for this I
know my god like look at look at your
face it didn't even touch you yeah you
guys think it's fake look at that I have
no way of knowing what's headed my way
this for Pete oh shit I'm happy and here
is a barrage of freaking beer coming
from that on purpose also this is a
different shirt that's on purpose
oh my god the hate comments are real
close before I get out of here I wanted
to take a minute to one show you guys
the awesome painting by Jorge Mendes
again and to actually give them a lot
more praise because I did
give them enough so look at this thing
dude holy crap it forwards me every time
I see to be honest with you guys it is
just fantastic so I don't think I hate
them enough credit so please go check
out Jorge Mendes tweet him his Twitter
is in the description below if you click
read more and we never tell them thanks
for this awesome painting dude it made
dad really happy it made us really happy
it's amazing Jorge you're a frickin
artist bro you are amazing thank you for
you know I love it and thank you guys
seriously because without you I wouldn't
been able to get this what I don't tell
you guys enough without you guys I don't
know where my family would be
I don't want thought about that because
I'll get emotional but anyway thank you
guys thanks Jorge Mendes amazing thank
you guys for always sticking with us and
watching the vlogs and anyway let's go
do the outro I'm gonna be upset well
that's going to be a fair day guys
thanks for watching
Bridget free outro click like if you're
excited about that
I'm about to go to grandpa's house right
now to do the hate comments video and I
say we're going to pick up some paint
after that I'm going to take you guys
for those vlog tomorrow for all that but
anyway thanks for watching you guys make
sure you check out hate comments part
two tomorrow I'm going to try to hit it
with the worst shit so I can really piss
and pop but that's going to be it thanks
for watching you guys Bridget you
definitely spit in my face on purpose I
don't care what you say you did it on
purpose but I'll let it go I'm gonna get
out of here like subscribe favorite
boom boom Barbie I'm just kidding fluffy
breaking and
