what's going on you guys keep you on a
camera here but to us he yeah right
there and today is Saturday today is
Saturday and you guys right off the bat
if you have not seen my music video for
see you soon yet what are you waiting on
right oh my god why haven't you seen it
yet you guys see you soon as the music
video that I put out to say goodbye to
my father and if you have not seen it
yet I highly encourage you to check it
out and is the most important thing that
I've ever done it is the biggest project
that I've ever been a part of and I
really hope you guys enjoy it I hope you
guys have checked it out and if you
haven't the link is below check it out
and get on iTunes
today is Saturday you guys and today
we're just gonna sort of chill and relax
like this past week has just been
horrible a lot of horrible stuffs been
happening but a lot of amazing Susman
happening and I could just use a break I
need to just relax settle down
I'm tired of four guys we're doing it
let's get the day started before we do
anything else in this vlog you guys I
wanted to take a minute to take you
through the songwriting process that was
see you soon and not just take you
through the songwriting process but tell
you some of the failed verses that I
wrote that I ended up scrapping and I'm
gonna wrap it to you as well you guys
are in for a treat guys it was really
weird how see you soon sort of came
together before I start writing a song I
don't have like an idea I wasn't sitting
at the computer like okay I'm gonna
write a song about dad talking to me
from heaven like that's not how it
happened I just wanted to write a song
about my father and so I start writing
this song and as I'm typing it I realize
I'm in Dad's perspective I'm like huh
that's interesting and I ran out to
Bridget she was on the front porch I was
like you have to hear this because I had
gotten to the point where I was like now
I'm gone so turn to Bridget she's the
one you need the most and I was like you
got to hear this I don't know where this
feeling or emotion is coming from but
you got to hear it and she loved it and
I said
to my friends and
well I guess it's safe to say I see my
time has come I hate to make you break
but hey I'll see you soon enough I know
it's hard and things are up but don't be
sad my son remember back on Christmas
Day
the day that I lost mom you were my
support you were there I held you close
but now I'm gone to turn two bridges
she's the one you needed the most I
couldn't believe how the song was
shaping together it was blowing my mind
so I was like you know what let's do it
and I wrote the whole first part in five
minutes five minutes it was like I was
energized and so much emotion that I
didn't even know I was feeling was
pouring out of my heart under this song
and I was so happy and I was like you
know what here we go verse number two
let's do it yeah I don't like this start
over hmm that's not good try together
every time that I tried to write a
second verse I couldn't do it it was
almost like dad was telling me the words
to say in verse one by the time that I
reached verse two he was just done
talking and I'm not the biggest believer
I'm an agnostic which means I'm open to
the idea but that it really does make me
think because when I was writing in that
first verse I was so inspired and I have
so much emotion running through me then
when I got to the second verse I didn't
feel anything anymore and I didn't know
why I find that like really strange I
mean I believe in energies the fire was
gone and I was like why is this
happening this is such an amazing first
verse why can I not write a second verse
at all which is why when you listen to
the song the second verse is all about
me not being able to write a second
verse as dad because I couldn't I
physically I physically couldn't bring
myself to do it
so the first verse is dad talking to me
the second verse is almost like our
conversation together because I couldn't
I couldn't pretend to be dad anymore the
first verse I pretended to be my father
the second verse I couldn't do it
anymore that's why the second verses I
really tried another verse the purpose
was to ease the burnout fiocchis
he's gone and Maddie's not here and it
hurts and I couldn't do it you guys I
really tried and it was so weird it was
almost like he wrote that first verse
like it was actually his words and I
lost a second guys I want you to hear
some of these failed second verses so
you can hear how it was going to sound
if the whole song was in dad's
perspective ignore all this you guys
here are the lyrics - see you soon
this is my original profile ok ok here
it is you guys one of them I know it's
really hard for you to try and say
goodbye I know you cry tonight and try
and keep me in your mind but don't be
sad I'm fine I know I'm not alive but
Mike my life was more than I ever
imagined that the stage in time I'm just
so happy now and that means and I just
stopped I was like I I wasn't feeling it
and they're not bad lyrics so I don't
know why I wasn't feeling it I just
wasn't and then I tried another one I
know you think the pain you feel was
always gonna be a constant thing you
have to deal with I do not believe the
hurt you feel will last forever Mike I
think you need to start to heal the
hurts you feel and that's where I
stopped again and I tried again the hurt
you feel will turn eventually I met as a
matter of fact that might even be like
continuing that we'll see here Mike I
think you need to start to hurt start to
heal the hurt you feel will turn
eventually into a happy memory we shared
both in our lives and while I'm gone I
hope it's all you ever wanted time it's
funny son cuz when it's gone you look
back on your life and laugh at all the
things you had that made you and then I
stopped some more of dads perspective
you turn my life around the young and
save me God I'm proud of everything
we've ever done together reef and when
I'm gone I'll always cheer you one from
heaven this is getting hard to find the
words to tell you how you made my life a
better one I mean it think about the
road that we were headed down when Bowen
bought the trailer park we never would
have made it out anyway those are just a
failed lyrics I was supposed to have for
this song you guys it was supposed to be
a second verse as dad and it was like
here it was like his spirit was in me
for the first and then the
and it was gone so while this song is my
song I almost feel like dad co-wrote it
with me I don't know it's a weird
feeling I can't really I can't really
describe it I just know that the song
turned out how it was supposed to you
know I was gonna have a third verse on
there but instead I talked to pfv and I
was like hey maybe we should have like a
bridge and he said hey there's this part
that I wrote for my grandmother who
passed and I was like you know what this
could be your way to grieve too so P if
he actually wrote the bridge the how do
I live and how do I breathe no it's
nothing in but I saw that I see I just
want to keep singing it over that I can
follow any of those elves know that we
were happy as it could get that it pulls
in my heartstrings you guys I can't even
watch the video without crying but man
it all just fell together how it was
supposed to and I hope you guys enjoy it
if you haven't seen it you guys the link
is below check it out see you soon it's
my first real music video and I'm just
I'm really happy we got more to talk
about that in just a little bit include
some more weird stuff that almost comes
from grandpa himself let's talk about
that a little bit I want to take a quick
minute you guys just really quick to
tell you thank you so much to everybody
that downloaded this song and streamed
it and just show that the support cuz
like I know it's because of you
the song was able to chart overall when
iTunes number 132 which means that every
song yesterday on iTunes my song was the
number 132 most listened to song and I
didn't know that that was a big deal
okay when it happened pfv was like
listen I've been making music for a long
time music that you've pushed music that
a lot of people have been proud of and
I've never charted and this is the first
time that I've charted and it takes a
lot to do it
so you guys pushed me to that spot
because of that I want to say thank you
and it's probably not going to get
higher than
but number 132 overall it was in the top
20 of hip-hop and rap well it's 32
overall is freaking incredible guys and
you guys are so amazing I love your
support you guys are so amazing it's a
huge accomplishment you guys and to be
in the top 20 of rap and hip-hop to see
my song in there next to Kendrick Lamar
and Eminem yeah that's tough wait like
look I'm not saying I'm as talented as
they are or I have as much you know
musical like fans or push or anything
but to be in there for a brief moment
meant everything to me and it's because
of you guys and I know it's not gonna
get higher but you guys can keep it on
the chart by streaming it on iTunes and
listening to it you guys please check
the link below show some support and
help me get it charted you guys because
it means everything and I love it and
it's there because of you guys no other
reason but because of you thank you so
much like seriously
what up Bella no don't get up silver
sitting on the deck she try to get up
just be cute okay no please
yeah she's done she don't care she's
over though okay well still in the yard
Oh y'all he done know
did you see the music video Bella oh
okay she's done she's actually gonna
snap soon all right all right you can go
in okay go ahead what you want to go in
speaking of the Bulldogs we should
actually have news here pretty soon
about what was going on with Clyde if
he's got cancer if we're setting up a
surgery date a lot of that stuff got
pushed because there was a lot of like
more blood work they had to do and run
tests but hopefully here in the next
like week we're gonna know what's going
on what are you thinking good news I'm
thinking good news yeah it's hard to
remain optimistic any column yeah I know
I agree but you know what this year is
going to be a much better year and this
is this is on you you're not gonna ruin
it for us
I'd love you too man come on let's talk
we're getting out of here in just a few
minutes you guys but before we do I want
to take a second to talk about like a
clip that a lot of you young uns are
sending to me a lot of the fans are
sending it to me and I I don't know what
to make of it I talked to the director I
talked to pfb none of us prepared for
this none of us planned this ahead of
time just listen so in the music video
for see you soon there's a scene where
PFE says goodbye farewell and it cuts to
the scene where I have the projector
over me and you see grandpa waved
goodbye and we did not prepare for this
we did not like ahead of time be like
hey we need grandpa waving right there
nobody like it's very weird I want to
see it check this out
earlier in the vlog I was talking about
how I felt the first verse was written
with the help of Grandpa and it almost
seems like that part of the music video
was also there because of Grandpa like
it was meant to be like the song was
meant to happen and that part was
supposed to happen when it happened and
all the right circumstances fell into
place and it made it into the cut and
it's very weird because nobody like
planned it nobody expected and nobody
knew it was happening and it happened
and it's very weird how did that happen
like seriously
is grandpa saying goodbye is that
grandpa's way of saying goodbye it's
almost weirdly comforting in a way that
it could be I I believe in it right well
whenever we got that white screen we may
not have gotten it it was so bizarre it
is weird too it's like he's like it was
meant to happen that was meant to happen
every here's some things that happened
that made it almost meant to happen
for instance PFE asked me if I've ever
heard of Vince Lundy and I hadn't heard
of him but I was like he'll send me his
work and then I just sort of doing
vlogging and I forgot about it and by
the end of the night around midnight I
was like oh let me check this out and I
click the link and I loved it I was like
you know what I like this guy let's use
them and I responded to Matt saying hey
I like Vince let's use them at the same
time simultaneously the same second that
I sent PFE the message saying hey I like
Vince Vince responded to pfv about me
saying let's do the music video and it
was weird because he had written both of
us early that morning and at the same
time hours later we both agreed to work
with each other so that looked like it
was meant to happen now that's not the
only thing we could not find a room to
do the projector screening that was the
most important scene to me and we didn't
know how we were gonna do it and a
youngin reached out to me we call him
big red he reached out and he was like
hey I've got this space available
actually I was like ok perfect
and we shot there and I found out as we
were there that that whitespace is not
even gonna be available the next week
like we literally got it at the right
moment the next day the space wasn't
gonna be available anymore for people to
use and it was the right spot at the
right time it all unfolded the way it
was supposed to this music video was
supposed to happen and you guys I want
you to help me because I want to know if
there's more instances like that that
you've noticed so check out the music
video look for anything like that
because it's highly interesting it's
like it's crazy I don't know what it
means I love this grandpa saying goodbye
but either way bye I love you that so
much let's do this outro well that's
gonna be it for today you guys thanks
for watching real quick I want to just
is it looking worse like I feel like it
is I think it's just time to go to the
ER are you serious yeah is that look
worse or not it looks fine oh so fine is
not answering the question it looks the
same it looks really bad I need an
answer this is my vision it shouldn't
still be here spent like two weeks no it
has has been like what four days okay
relax bro guys we're getting out of here
thanks for watching I hope you hope you
loved the music video as much as I loved
giving it to you I'm not done talking
about it yet we got another week of
promotion you guys also I wanna know if
you guys want a lyric video because a
lot of people keep asking me for the
lyrics to the song which they kind of
swiped up the screen really fast earlier
but if you want a lyric video smack the
like button and I will put out a lyric
video so you guys can sing along too see
you soon thanks for watching you guys
getting out of here pretty good day it's
been a pretty good day guys thanks for
watching like subscribe favorite
everything
dad I love you I love you so much
