what's going on you guys King in front
of the front door here because he Queen
right here weep right there so anyway I
said it very quiet maybe nobody heard it
so anyway Michael what so everywhere oh
my god what's going on you guys get
behind the camera here quick okay I cut
that so you know cuz there's two repulse
oh okay anyway I can say it it's like a
whisper
you can't just board it out that's
disgust okay okay fine kid behind a
camera here here girls good no guys you
should get horses just a minute ago it
was almost like we're looking for a new
place to have sex
we're like looking for a place for the
intro app I was like hey the front door
we haven't done a dare before you all
right I'm all right man whoo
she took me out of my element today is
Monday and today I am clean the house
with her mom help and gunner to
grandpa's the hospital een we're going
to Grandpa's house I don't know dad's
feeling better today or not I haven't
talked to him if he's not we're just
gonna check out the house and leave
hopefully he's feeling better cuz
yesterday he was yeah I hope he's
feeling a lot better today guys I go bad
for him what do you think about I'm
thinking about the vlog today I thought
because you guys so you guys know we're
filming a day ahead right now and the
vlog you saw yesterday I'm thinking
about home looks like why that Lane I
smell like shit was like actual shit
yeah like a litter box is this camera
smudged hold on funny
that seems best we meet a litter box
okay good fun apply anybody can catch it
as a litter box why have you been doing
that Michael guys yesterday I woke up in
the middle of the night and Bridget was
on all fours eating cat shit you lost
like just a precocious walk I went to
dance Monday we're getting the day
started
Bridget a cat shits on no no no you did
that it was Bridget it
you could you smell like it yes if I'm
kissing you after you ate okay that's
enough lip it off hey if you wind it
even film out here what a waste of film
on that camera we use it now yeah ever
and hear it wind you know I don't want
to shove my hair what's wrong with your
hair dyed my hair looking fuck oh we got
it
you need to shave your head no I do not
need a shave I need to save your damn
head yes you need to shave your head let
me tell you some people don't think you
look the weirdest person ever why you
have this crown on your head you're
wearing this wrestling shirt hey what
are these they are my PJs what the hell
they are cute
you're an Oscar the Grouch PJ hey I'm
starting to look like a hipster
what's the Creole pork on your head hip
now I'm down to crown no some bone
marrow cake no I don't yeah you do yeah
but you want to curled mustache huh
maybe you do cuz that's what you're
going for right now it's curling because
I'm lazy it's curling cuz you're a
hipster
you better have no eyebrows that the new
ends in my god you're Bri Rome beer grow
tomatoes no hey John hipster I'd rather
buy my beer and tomatoes yeah you read
the BIOS at the make your beer no oh god
I really for drinking out of mason jars
now no hipster Frankel okay you want to
keep talking while doing it we're going
bright like there's nothing wrong with
my PJs my mother got me for Christmas
bitch you called your mama bitch I had
you oh my god I'm sorry you had to hear
that Cindy I'm go tell her I'm telling
her Bridget
Cindy bitch because you bitch oh I told
her I'm telling grandpa we caught him
which of what I don't know imma like you
you just said it though you're like my
mom to thank bitch I'm telling her what
that you hate going over I'm telling
your mom hey Michael I'm not having this
lie I'm saying that she's a bitch and
she's lazy
I'm estate I'm a parent won't say that
Michael jr.
the bridge that is not me shit about you
we're doing into your hero in choices
like I hate my mom she's a bitch you
want to pause I'm just undocumented
crazy isn't that me oh yeah you saw that
oh yeah Doug has it for you Cindy I got
your back to mom she defended you and
then after a swim so don't use I know my
mom is fucking crazy okay that's enough
I have texting grandpa right now that
happen or not no I defend her characters
you often be I need to see any of that
don't worry we call Doug out on that hey
Doug documenting crazy works anyway
though yes the doctors were like enough
yeah I need you so crazy that even pills
and dr. Hawn help if you guys didn't see
it Doug just finding with the answer as
long as we live before employ the day
before I bet time you watch like this
motherfucker
what was your reaction it doesn't faze
me
so go just start turning with the back
and forth like pain that's why that
single oh come on Liz Jesus what are you
doing face the more up to now oh well
we'll put the pole I'm doing a silent
mode dad I just want to say I'm sorry
but he thought you you've got you man
you got got
okay you guys the other day I bought
this and I'm not gonna eat it now no
cheating
everybody okay no cheating I'm taking
the snicker into the house leave in the
comment section right now who do you
think's going to end up with a finger
somebody's getting this snicker wind's
blowing I'm sorry if you can't hear me
right now know what we should do is we
should put it on like a counter and then
whoever takes it nobody will take it let
us know in the comment section
who do you think is going to take the
sneaker we're gonna I don't know if
we're gonna offer items we're going to
leave it on the counter we're gonna do
something somebody's getting this maker
no cheating don't skip ahead don't say
it after you've seen who gets it takes a
guess right now in the comment sections
who's gonna end up with this maker is it
nobody is it
grandpa is it this is instead of Bridget
is it me it's me no there's who do you
think so you guys are aware of everybody
here to me Bridget Charlie the guy
fixing the kitchen
JC grandpa Lauren Jonathan Jacob the
other Charlie
those were everybody in the house today
who do you think out of those name ends
up with everything okay yes so this is I
got this from Angela lion oh yeah yeah
and I think it looks pretty good man
what do you think makes the face okay
are you doing more more of a Chucky face
you I'm going to have it a tree that's
really cool and the first time someone
ever did something like that it's really
what I'm charlie
no sir playing GPA what level you won
four hundred holy shit and run it hard
as above oh yeah yeah Kurt Alyssa
right you think girlfriend JC's ringer I
just heard it for the first time is the
pin pineapple pin Oh God
it did really yeah every time someone
next to my hair black out and the day
man I was like Daniel I'm like what's in
the order is like here I'm living in a
funny little planet bullshit
you're crazy Jay thank you I'm stickin
their requests
what about call Charlie out in the field
in the sneaker my light I want to see
I'm gonna culturally I'll see whatever
I'm gonna see people into it I'm in that
it did it let's find out hey what up
nigga rap where is it oh no
JC take that nigger no we're just nikkor
we were singing that Jade damn thing
took this nigger we don't want to
snicker hey JC took it
come on man I'm taking all of that was
right here
I'll send me some Oh lookit he walks
away
hey mr. long way Jason yelling part it
call it yeah
JC where is it well we're gonna figure
that Braille not it huh man habit who
chose it for good thing
Kenny for me who took this nigger see
all y'all had to get back just a minute
to cook it I mixed a kick turn to game
up this is it fair turn it off yeah yeah
I follow bye you know I took the
Snickers man we know you shot I filmed
it what it was also you can go back to
the research
fucking you put the carbon head cottage
in Eunice the wall what's going on
what's going what's cutting in I want
why are you doing that cuz we're take it
your fat ass on your one glance in order
to any other hands-on type of thing you
want every one of you
100 reasons we've got me in dirty hands
no goddamn more to that why watch you
goddamn pants hey forget about it
can I come in pretty in it ah God watch
you goddamn hands I love a damn handsome
now okay so fucking Jerome good signal
let's look at that
don't worry about I want with your hand
okay Hollywood Jimmy oh man what are you
sure you got to start calming the hell
down
oh maybe one today sure you seem better
that's because I was guess I love
medicine I improved it whoo
well I brought you a freakin snicker bar
where is it my name is Cooper
Charles on the left he took it
you got any answer Debbie he's a thief
you stole from grandpa you know dad I
opened theirs so out I want the most
look in there you and you he washed your
hands if they was odd for Dad dad
doesn't even eat it victory yeah made a
good team lady was there they go want
anything I know where each of snicker
hit this job would you people take it we
eat out of trash yes you will I did
right goddamn hey I know brother the
first time I eat a hotdog in the mud I'm
never Tommy Shaw anyway Michael ate a
frickin
tonio straight piece of gristle off in
the water level garb bath pail it was a
build apology
two bags full it was the very bottom
yeah we don't know today Jules a toenail
or not oh yeah I hate that that's it
Michael
ain't been the same as Lawrence drugs I
think on my ass yesterday huh mmm okay
me you can tell them some of that every
time dad things but I'll bet series try
I didn't do it a puzzle try the whole
back seat okay I've been doing the
Humpty hump
okay now we're not definite I don't know
I like that so that's me what does a I'm
in today shit no one three fingers this
time Louis we're on anyone do it again
dad dad like you learn invest in a
jackhammer and put my ass again
okay towards Elizaveta we grown
governmental and why because I was
disgusted heinous custom he had yeah it
was disgusting for that enjoyed it your
damn butt for this dog policies like the
top of the head and absorb why you guys
move the TV door and play the games in
various places yes Here I am I should
Bob days right yes that's okay ring here
we go I got a job in W got it very good
what all that coal baby
hey I'm covering the lens cover it so
we're trying to figure out what color so
the shingles for that roof now we're
doing it okay will do right ami miney mo
catch are advised toe you're going
through the war two worst colors right
there she's good
anyway we're trying to figure this out
first not a bad look at me
okay he's like oh shit ain't walking
into a death trap
okay this is your decision dad is our to
sit your decision what do you think
woody which one you like
uh I like you I come along bit coming on
which one you like right true I don't
care
our homes it normally is append this see
you have a tape
so you're tuned today I don't know I
don't care what is either a dying I'm a
cook
oh joy thank you
not a problem you're doing things before
goddamn what should be taught first I'm
sorry you have the hammer on my roof
dubbed a correct over my call
correct well they're a zombie is it all
right right correct
ah I went there and I tried it good
bathroom and didn't have to have an
umbrella I'm cooking I want to thank you
for that is the roof hit that part yeah
see how they are swinging look kill big
my baby
you can you baby daddy that's a Jerry
Springer Show there guys
bring it all time to do things love
daddy like we for a friend come prove
he's me too baby get anybody to cover up
jr. I just need like jr. which me the
marsh horse thing remember with a man
got pregnant
then you're so cheap doing it okay
Bridget
yeah right now I'm trying to choose like
a thumbnail for the vlog okay I'm
thinking about calling it an example
stick because he is sick and you know he
wants everyone to know when you wanted
to give everybody an update something
about calling an egregore host pick okay
what do you think what I don't know I
think I think it's good I think you
should add an arrow oh you mean that
yeah I already had it first done I'm
gonna I was going to tell you right now
that I was there I wanted to add an a
her thing oh we need to let everyone
know that this man right there also sick
listen this is up to you totally but no
that's too much that's ways your life
yeah well now that's just no no Texas
the arrow it's funny
look guys so you know when you see
tomorrow's vlog
yeah or when you see yesterday's vlog
that looks okay when you've seen the bug
yesterday now you know why we added is
per block so that said now you know why
we added arrows like what the fuck
oh that's why businessman yeah that man
right there
I'm not feeling well luminol Bergman
here I live total in my hand with your
boss boss fuck you all she does
