right now okay what the hell it doesn't
work I need to get batteries for it
Oh fail man this is my gift by the way
you can't use it I'm going to get
batteries for it anything I want to call
this bog megaphone surprise dammit
only I got a title doesn't want people
to like watch their logs megaphone
surprise prank they would have loved it
megaphone is prize oh yeah you'll make
fun of me I thought should have tested
it you guys I failed so I it's okay
honey we can't all be winners like me
what's going on you guys can't be on a
rainstorm here my car rain oh it's
raining like hell my car wash you'll see
a drop okay maybe it's not a rainstorm
be careful be free tripping is now
called I could have died okay I'm gonna
actually follow it out and then you die
so anyway what's going on you guys kid
behind hurricane-force winds here frenzy
what is here behind nothing what's going
on you guys you want to walk well we
never done an intro like this before we
are walking while doing the intro that's
so innovative what's going on you guys
keep behind the camera here Yeah right
that you want to do your bridge West
here or you shouldn't be locked in the
door unlocked the door so do I see ya
right there
and today it's Sunday and today we're
headed over to angry Grandpa's house and
see the finished product so what the
floor looks like we are not far from
done but right now we're going to grab
on to see how it looks and bridge it
aside it make us do the intro to a card
game with Michael they can't hear me all
yours anyway right now we're going to
Grandpa's house we're going we're going
to eat right yeah don't do that
I'm walking backwards guys if I hurt
myself okay you bought it damn you dude
today is Sunday today we're getting
started
I hate Bridget style okay oh my god I'm
sorry not really no oh I did that white
Oh Michael what you love the woods so
much you took a hit you like get down
you'll see it what the hell why did you
take the wood I didn't
first of all just want to sample from
clothes I don't know I do we steal what
sample am I gonna faint
oh okay yes yes sir you got this wants
to pull out those fuck nobody good hmm
what's the point of filming all this
yeah I thought it was funny because he
stole the one no drop that a toaster
pocket and I think this is the one in
some dad's living room we were trying to
give smiles why are you trying to steal
one we're here near it to find the fog
in the wind I wasn't going to film the
fact that I got this burrito or these
potatoes
bridgie got that burrito and we got
cheese devil but we already mentioned
the fact we're going to Mexican and even
some extra food so here it is we're
getting Mexican now I'm done talking
Jesus
dude are we going to get a tornado are
you not more impressive like it with
tinted windows okay you're so funny
would you not you thought it was not
dark yeah I knew as a surprise for you
well are you gonna be reporting the rain
are we walking save I can't record in
the rain
hey what were you going oh here here
okay folks it's under my shirt as we
walk oh babe look at my gun I'm turning
this way guys I ran his way on purpose
people see my gun
Oh Bridget I'm locket yo come on it hi
hi killa you mother
I'll kill our token wet like whistle
walk play right dude here it is oh wow
are you Wow but it's not done yet you
guys know that's it I'm some of the rest
know what I see were to be done he's
wrapped yeah so yeah the floor is tough
what is this piece ended yes I don't
think he says rats wrap the floor the
woman there's no sink they'll hop up do
it I want up once again he isn't sinking
come on this is Arab you have to what
and my dad got into it you know it
that's a wrap what about but I don't
know you know ever
maybe maybe guy anybody color something
her it looks good Eric beautiful maybe
the guy wanted to finish it March I'm
gonna get it not done got me just read
come all right now we got to talk to
uh-oh I will pay my mother fuck fit Oh
God fish Japan he says
my god did you know you usually buckle
he said he was done what the hell fuckin
with ya ya ya fuckin with you Joe I'm
too easy lazy to go with luggages
butterflies horizont another brain
aneurism all day I'm gonna go pay here
not having a brain huh where's I drop
dead you did all the blood pours out of
my nose I hit the ground no razor keep
recording yeah upload was documenting
reality come on how do I believe here if
you were to follow right now that
England I don't have a little easier oh
my I mean you're gonna think we're
promoting them don't mind if we do
cinnamon squares do dick you guys gonna
see fit are you doing the topic are
y'all who are you eat you told me what
are you eating
here's what happened we could be because
if the camera cut off mid-sentence and
Charlie finish this ball like oh man I
had all intentionally calling about the
whole time I was all they hate grab your
thing in the perfect sorry he already
finished it so he just couldn't eat
nothing will see Hillary playing him
she's like eat cereal he still doing it
Wayne is your brain figure actually
easier
yeah hold that yeah Hill
oh he bad big man he bad let me give
that to him you bad you see that I saw
that you could drop oh yeah I could see
you yeah
next next ripoff you next thing your
grand pop Michael I wouldn't doubt it
well it got a kid first well here I
guess you're the first to find out Oh
bribery is not pressing you see the
brightest right girl is you cruel
bastard
yeah be coming with a cinnamon toast
crunch yes my face by the way no she's
not pregnant both : yeah
yo how you feel I'm gonna get one
grandpa is rough shape right now folks
he is constipated he's got a headache
embarrassed embarrassed what I told you
earlier
well we'll learn how to do yeah hey
Lauren it's gone I won't mention it what
did you shut up that bathroom not cool
man some sort of suppository or
something knows an enema okay well you
got your medicine you doing all right
don't feel better so I wanted to show
you guys great work and a lot of people
yesterday's video you're wondering where
it was getting seen them areas you're
doing good we'll look good yeah have you
could be pizza for yet yeah looks good
good with those more to do house we've
got a lot of work but step one was
fixing that rotted floor next the roof
she'll that mold a new tree was the back
of it I did but pretty slow yeah I'm
pissed about that contractor was Luis
then
it sucks like I surprised you with the
house and you weren't involved with the
inspection and stuff so maybe you could
have called the guy Alan shit if you
were involved earlier he loves
everything this well guys let us know if
we can see this guy that's all I want to
know all right
you know when you go to bed yes very all
right pop well yeah we'll get love you
daddy anymore of course feel better yeah
I'll be able to run noon tomorrow she
can't breathe living an awesome kitchen
she'll bring anyway Lauren keeps shoving
things up to that meeting maybe it's a
pleasure Lord you do a good show shut up
laughs okay look there see that I was a
few additional goddamn bed the fetal
position are you whoa oh my god is he
doing it Oh God
you can smart bitty hard your face no
thanks I would have told him to talk
shit that's the problem isn't you showed
up I am that thing right there I got
bigger stuff madam alone
let's go without Lenny hey we got them
to vibrate if you needed that we're back
from Grandpa's house now and I stopped
at McDonald's because I heard a rumor a
whisper I don't know why the decide is a
whisper like that I'm embarrassed of it
aside of the whisper because I heard
McDonald's had a new sandwich a bigger
Big Mac and they did folks the Grand Mac
this is the granddaddy of Big Macs and
we're going to try it right now actually
the Big Mac will be the granddaddy of
Mac's because it's been around the
longest but this is the best of the Big
Mac you didn't get one so here we go
folks what the hell you're gonna need
two hands it does on the pot oh they
might be right
g-great holy ha now that is a Big Mac
you want to take this all right folks
this is the huge Mac hmm good yeah
are you throwing it away well why are
you throwing it away I'm not you you're
the prize supply and I need a singer l
may so why don't you just go please this
is Nastya I notice her delicious I don't
want stop is pretty good boy Phyllis
it's funny yet you're eating a damn
sandwich there was a trash can
yeah would you just walk around oh my
god oh how I love don't even care right
oh it's good it really is good is
different yeah I should have gotten one
nope fuckin got you oh yeah
you owe me program total ooh well that's
going to be a pretty day there guys
thanks for watching that was today went
over to Grandpa's house went over to
little Mexican have a gigantic big buck
I forgot what it's called what to do Big
Mike all the grand mac oh you have a
grand Mac I had a grand back
so anyway that was today have a good day
it's done pretty good daddy thanks for
hanging out with me hey I don't think
something where did you say back but I
had nothing I see it everybody misses
the pump well so I'm gonna add it to the
end of this yeah here's the problem
here's why I stopped doing the music at
the end oh I'm trying to speak don't
interrupt me Bridgette leave me now go
to bed and I will do it alone I do not
want you here when you come back please
I need you
no go back to the room I hate you
Bridget by the way good night I'm joking
so anyway the reason I took that out is
because it was the end clip seen the
where it would say click here to watch a
lot of people are watching you on
different mobile devices and they
weren't seeing YouTube's little pop-up
I'd be advertising a video and a lot of
people just all like a blank screen so I
stopped doing it but I'll start adding
the music at the end anyway just not
going to the black screen yeah well
anyway that's going to be a for Dave guy
thanks for watching thanks for watching
guys like subscribe dum dum da da da
Maybrook dun dun fallin anything for you
I am and that is it I hope this goes
with the melody go
