what's going on you guys get me on a
camera here it does yeah right there and
today is Monday now Monday Sunday
Saturday it's sad
so the freaking battery died mix in it
what is that
so um yeah that was ridiculous what's
going on you guys
kids I'm throwing away from a kid be on
camera here visualize here damn you
pissed explain to I think this dog great
now that battery dies me what is not
nice to do this today guys you know if
this isn't for everyone
not for us we're done you guys I'm here
what a good run it's been a good run
okay I'm interrupting because we're not
today is Saturday and today we are going
to grandpa's right now grandpa's getting
his floor ripped out there's in the
kitchen there was like a sink in the
floor so we need to get it fixed ASAP -
somebody's going through it so we're
getting new wood yeah on the floor
that's that one look at this way because
I'm so mad so yeah
I'm embarrassed as over that look on my
face I apologize today is step one and
the rebuilding of grandpa's house so
today we're going to grandpa's and today
we're getting new floor put in
absolutely going to walk in yeah there
are no calls and we're going to call
them so Michael what would you do that
no what happened something oh Jesus man
hey guys they got me I'm the rnos o3o
paws cream on top of horn how do I not
laugh at the same then you know still
you guys
ah yeah we did it neat start things
about you
I'm just are watching uh preparing for
April no you need to do because you're
getting got I'll see you enough to get
you Matt mom I got I gotta figure out
this what come on with that's how you do
a pregnant you get he would bite right I
think we came back and wanted me to do
break the right way give you one ball
right last time I messed up didn't let
you know but you go combat the best
thing you did this house you had
somebody else call the guy we were going
to be whoo I learned from the best
what's going on you guys kid be on a
camera here vigil I see Yeah right there
and they got me really good they made me
think they found bones that we're
remodeling grandpa's kitchen right now
fiction before they found bones under it
Oh baby careful we didn't consider a
solo trip to a little family
I don't want a chopper thing down but I
had to sit down yeah that was pretty
brutal
I still feel like I got have children
file without a little dizzy for a minute
there I had to try to put stuff in that
situation like down there buddy
when Duncan doesn't battle finish down
some body literal skeletons in the
closet
little big you Yankee look like you did
it why not use plastic boom figure rhino
declared by the brain that was this I
was all of us I was me all fake ran
perhaps you don't worry about Charlie
I'll see you at the pocket so it was all
greatest idea all bring it I always
yeah remember yes she had to go home for
something exactly yes the boner is all
y'all guys it was all Bridget Bridget
Bridget you know thank God
grandpa's not feeling one because that
would giving him a heart attack probably
with it would get him in order actually
we would have golden without a minute on
it all right
somebody cover this one since I don't
want you want Carla okay now that all a
so people sitting here at Grandpa's
house right now we're repairing the
floor that's the first thing to fix you
did out the way why no he said that we
should sharpen the ground up yeah I
usually - I'm sure it's relieving to get
it fixed
yeah man it was it wasn't like that that
bad but it was sure yeah ventually
definitely one of them yeah yeah it's a
nice thing going to go and get it in
here now
wait it'll question into a big problem
where you know so today we were supposed
to be doing the coal video where Doug
heats up the swords but number one
grandpa's not feeling well today
stomach curse he's got a headache and
number two we got all these house
workers to do so what's doing all that
we just didn't have the time to do it
but we are doing it we got all the stuff
Doug next week next week we're gonna
melt some swords or digging that hole oh
yeah real party also we got it up a big
pot mm boom yeah Thank You Bridget
thanks again no pressures of the Year
hey planning nice right they all break
it man she's gonna get so much love for
this it was her dude even I was a little
something like that is that so they got
my name written on it kind of she's done
got that in you that's some dementia
thinking she she got it from you
we could done it Charlie I'm sorry I got
me on them was gonna pregnant we could
have got him hey you got the man that
have been funny of this dudes digging up
boho they don't know that was gonna
happen
thank you pulled me off the other day
how you left not up how am I guess you
are you must be abandoned after the
movie he deserted ha ha ha ha
let's get movies no work we're driving
to the streets instead of flat tire I'm
gonna pitch black lon oh my goodness if
she's getting dark lately what's going
on with you you let me tell you
something dude you're gonna look so good
with no eyebrows yeah about time for
that innit you up we're creeping up on
February I met the reason when I do it
yet so aren't home - I brought for
Valentine's Day
let's go replay that laughs Charlie
right now we are walking into Home Depot
with Doug to get Michael's grill right
there oh yes we're getting exactly what
dad needs another grill so I said
Michael so we're walking into the Home
Depot right now to look at flooring for
dat sauce so all these days
let's get someone
she does what she wants
she makes up her own rules as she goes
wonder why she gets it from
was that her mom I don't think shit dude
that was like it was like when was she
just Ephraim like her mom with unfeigned
shit hey crazies room on your side dad
documented crazy is on my side yeah
what's the color kinda sepoys they can
get pills to help them well there is no
pill to help your mother
oh hey you know buddy keep this Bridget
yeah I'm covered lanai mommy hey that's
not a sir they've tried to find this one
okay why do I like the sound of wood
chunk I like it oh my god
I hurt you put it together you oh I like
that I kind of like it too
I'm gonna get let me try it let me try
let me try it come on you're taking this
from me
now I'm not getting that feeling you
make your board as a sound hey
children yes quit playing you can go to
splinter for B okay Michael dude what is
going on I'm enjoying this I will change
a diaper when we get home it's a unique
sound this oh okay I'll stop I know if
you get your first sized chunks of wood
yes yeah so what I enjoyed the way it
sounded your dad was messing with them
yeah it sounds cool
it's like liking the smell of gas
grandpa
oh okay how you doing Doug I love you
guys heard that with you being a whore
okay this is no oh here we go
and that is why the Titanic funk yeah we
can't groove it so we've already
established that I can't drive anything
from bridge and Earl you
Hopi were thinking that I know it shows
does or did you have dynasty all when
I'm Florida my leg was broken sort of an
extreme little like it so right here is
the new flooring for grandpa though yeah
I think we're doing tomorrow yeah no
that's going into oil for now we have
the old no Liam down and the floor is
actually replaced now so now we've got
to put in the new wood already doesn't
get with it you said it's got to be here
overnight
you ain't Rickster chip goes wrong with
you
just fucking scalp-lock you were helping
me tonight I thought you were staying
with me tonight Tommy no I made of all
Ramat lavaca visa only good shit Yahoo's
here they so Bobby
Haley four slices then you I'm on a diet
nothing else to add or follow-up to so
anyway here's the floor I got me a nice
cigarette oh you gotta hold the other oh
wait no you're right one lit you just to
let it yeah Oh cigarette so hey Baron
was bowed yeah I don't eat that shit oh
let me see it let me see if I can make
it work you probably could do it so you
put in level it's smoking a cigarette
sticker there you go oh there you go
and so much sure sure Jimmy Kimmel happy
you feel bad at them winners of the
three get me or your wife in cigarette
ha ha ha ha
imagine that oh gosh yes straight
through back home you guys in tonight I
decided for dinner I'm just going to be
myself fricking whoa okay let me let me
restart this for a second because I had
something that I wanted to say okay
challenge time you guys last week we
tried the giant pancake challenge so I
kind of wanted to try it again today is
the not giant pancake challenge today
I'm making pancakes so just want to take
our mix pour all right there half of the
mix stay together for another pancake
all right you guys got to sit in there
we'll be right back when it's ready okay
here we go
flipping it hopefully it's not too early
man man didn't look pretty as I wanted
it's numb pop and truffled my second one
right now that one turned out better I'm
curious
oh crap the cultural egg experience yeah
I'm still good
you know it's off that's why I faced it
up it's missing something which is
clearly a
he's kind of watery like it's clearly
missing stuff yeah
cover the lens I can't eat them no
forget it
I
