what's going on you guys kiss me on a
camera here because he is right there
today is Sunday
and today we're starting off the intro
where the tree used to be let's go for a
little bit
oh boy this guy's the tree is gone
Christmas is over oh oh well November
1st yeah we're going to put up our tree
and bad November I would tell my that a
year away anyway today is Sunday and
today I don't really think we're doing
anything luckily for this vlog we do got
some aftermath to show you guys I told
you yesterday if you wanted to see the
stuff we filmed that we didn't use in
the pancake video to click like you
click like it's at like 14 thousand
right now so you guys want to see it
you're gonna get it we made charlie pew
now it's so funny oh my god
Tyler's like a frog popping when you got
to puke anyway forget it we're getting
the Sunday started I don't know what
we're doing but we're having fun we're
good yeah aftermath yeah yeah I just
hate though it's real funny I hate this
day now we're looking at Sunday Hey
well that does seem like the most bogus
laughs yeah did you graduate
ah that's my fake last Sunday telling
you what is it coming from
I don't know it smells so bad
smell the heavy cream I don't think it's
heavy cream dude which one I don't know
the open one could become hotter shoes
now it can't be caught up school cause
she thinks oh it's not because she it
just kind of she's just think oh okay oh
we were all first in our fridge thanks
guys we'll try to find it right now
it smells like michael opened it as far
tonight why don't you open it because
your farts are like lethal I dare you
it's not even like hmm either these are
open okay what's the hell all right what
are you calling crap
we just gotta meet it smells like rotten
mutton but I feel like everything we
have is like not rotten I don't know
where it's coming from brother anyone
smell it anymore
like did you make it off you misspelled
- yeah but come from InTouch here that's
white oh this dude why you know stink it
stinks in here
holy shit are they old Oh does go really
dig become plastic how is that it's go
currently go bad quake I feel like is
that - it has to be that you guys
offered stinks
we're trying to feed rollers it is grow
hmm not even open not even at all times
maybe like maybe the smells that got
trapped in the go-gurt box though you
know don't see bad no why did he go girl
oh they're in plastic did we should
throw those eggs out because I know that
blue case is like very old how old we
both like a year what we have been here
years if we move the edge with us yeah
oh my god
Oh what about that uh cream cheese hold
always figure this out for damn it I
went over the fridge stinks and I don't
want it
okay yogi on me asshole no no yeah I'm
here I'm in Maine fall here's an
overreaction go watch TV I'll see
authors oh no wonder watch TV go oh man
miss Piazza you're pissing me off even
boy oh I got so watch TV like I'm hiding
the fucking remote hey you ain't doing
nothing like that I'm watching WWE right
now Oh crazy dude is you I don't know
what it is about
I don't film it because it's so funny
here guys
you lookin sick over there in sin
because I work I gotta watch some people
go stop yeah I got a weak stomach today
for some reason I don't usually um you
guys I want you to see how much work
goes into having to censor that frickin
bond okay look it give me that okay I
have to move this with each frame I have
to move it with every frame so it's a
puke booth over here I've got to move it
over here
I got to do that I can move it with
every Franken video oh my gosh yeah
looking at watch it good all for you at
least it isn't as bad as the tin can
challenge because I'll matter what I
actually like I had to pause look either
watch that over and over Holly all right
Bridget do you want that's what you
wanted
yes I'll put my hat I don't know why is
it makes me feel better
fully my eyes I feel great going to have
oh my god you poor thing so I don't
smell it when I open it now
alright it was breaking me over that is
crazy - here's the question Bridget why
the hell did we move eggs with us when
we move I don't know it's basically ffs
you think they're a year old that means
they were months old and we moved so um
here's how the conversation went she's
talking to the movers okay we got to
have the eggs past the eggs we're taking
those to the frigerator at the new house
we've got to have those eight month old
eggs I'm surprised the chicken passed
out of them anyway you guys the fridge
is cream my favorite good egg but
they're probably not good at that's a
bad egg you're a bad egg
Alfonso we'll find out what happens when
you mess with me yeah
there's no time better than now then to
introduce the aftermath you guys if you
haven't seen the video we uploaded
yesterday stop before you watch this go
check it out
we made the giant pancake from Uncle
Buck
I was just really incoherently anyway
this is a giant pancake I've even got
some of the failed inch rows me and dad
had to do it like five for some reason
we couldn't do it we did it like six
times we couldn't get it right these
were all the intros this is some of the
aftermath we made charlie puke anyway
here it is check it out and if you
haven't seen the pancake video I highly
encourage you to go check it out
I'm gonna record you doing that dude
again
if you haven't seen the pancake video go
check it out don't do any kind of you
know me and anger grandpa hungry there
yeah boy your Joel pancake pancake okay
whirring the Uncle Buck pancake oh yeah
and your mama made a recipe so what the
hell we don't have my uncle bucks a
giant pancake challenge a dad you in it
me and ain't your grandpa hungry
starving to death your pancakes
we don't do shortstack we don't do
regular shit I need the pancakes from
Uncle Buck stuff big Dan yeah a giant
pancake challenge yeah
beefy when I'm hungry I can't just get
more food I gotta have big feet you
don't feel like the right what pancake
big fluffy pancake this is hard to get
what are the trends going around on
YouTube right now if people making giant
food and people love to do it and I
thought I want to make giant food I'm
hungry me too
carry on whoa our grill just caught on
fire dad's like dinner I'm Dan why does
walk it away from the project butter but
it's not wait you don't want butter over
it Doug
what are the pancake without goddamn
better what are you doing dad I'll make
me some goddamn baby I'm hungry
you're gonna eat that right off the damn
grill right off the damn grill boy Oh
dad okay man oh nice and buttery
oh my god and we got number four you
control the Babylon alright did it out
better runner up Oh
pedo yeah you had it no oh no
that's it hahahaha
I thought I was thinking is that bucket
smelling its for like milk
I give you pitiable how you top of it
you're actually doing you're gonna type
it morning I need $20 to smell it again
well I can breathe hmm you are evil
why I loved it dude I got a blowout tell
a few good I thought that I called it a
face you become red just go here so not
able to create a shit up man you want to
do bother I don't even know it cool or
put your hand oh shit you get it it's
great got it smell it earlier
Oh God let's not like your dead body if
I know is dead body smell like
well that was the aftermath and now we
are microwaving but microwaves of
spaghetti squash for five minutes for we
can cut it open and I was using the
selfie stick to I was holding yourself
so I want to take a minute do a test
because I want to see how many people
just saw the aftermath and sauce
spaghetti squash burning in the
microwave for like five six o'clock I'm
done with it
I'm going to see how many of you guys
actually got to this point it's go smash
that like button if you made it right
not yet if you made it peer into the
blog smash the like button or leave in
the comments what time stamp I asked I
want to see how many people are doing oh
my god I want to see let's see how many
people do it let's see how many people
are part of the group how many people
made it here and how many people turn
off to this off squash vinegar let's go
nobody does it gosh oh my god finished
with it anyway I'm going to get out of
here just a second you guys first we're
going to finish cooking then we're going
to do the out truck anyway stay with the
moment Michael what am I talking about
I don't know okay hey you do I'm going
to do it
ah anyway forget it we got to cook then
we're doing the outro you think you're
taller than me or something like I can't
if I want my egg drop it now sure
frustrates me just as you can't forgot
it let's reboot over let's do that Rafi
okay oh I see the dad come I'm drinking
dad you gotta stop stop that well that's
gonna be it for today guys thanks for
watching had a pretty good day pretty
good dad hope you guys like the
aftermath hope you guys liked watching
Charlie puke disgusting hi guys I don't
know what it is but you greens but I
love watching them puke those disgusting
so funny old funniest that ever you can
your brother even Jenny she's bad at
puke and - there's only who's good at
puking
well you puke good birds like I got a
few guys hey good I'm sure you like but
you guys have the worst like gag
reflexes ever that's true anyone is
getting out of here hope you guys liked
the vlog refrigerator stinks however you
guys like watching to edit the book
anybody yeah it smells awful anyway yeah
you why not you said earlier subscribe
just talking to this baby nice oh good
good I'm not gonna lie
what thank you baby
oh and everything
I love you guys so much
in
you
