Oh
what is he god oh I know what he's doing
what dad is having a yard sale really
yeah
when tomorrow holy crap he's giving all
that junk out of our garage why
let's go grab the camera let's go down
there I love it what is grandpa blue yo
what I'm gonna what my just watch come
to New York Pizza yeah okay so come to
grandpa's in boxing his garage up on the
garbage oh my gosh Michael move what is
that whoa
I cannot look at that doing that for
years
fever so no you just--come wrap could
you imagine doing that trolley no no we
city with we these just really cut my
grass now good hot goat call this right
how much you think that'll go for two
dollars he's going seriously
yes news letting go I'm suddenly you're
serious we're trying to cut my feet or
something again Lola Marilyn so what
made you want to have a yard sale I got
one donate around where you live no hood
side start over yeah is it one guy give
your somebody other job to get rid of
get room for new joke
what ain't you gonna buy it I not be
watching much onion Jackson and what
puddin I've gotta have some things
calendars funny like you like me like
you like you
we bought a value like left the yard
sale to connect our load together bigger
yeah I'm your home going on yeah yeah
there's a reasonable that award every
dollar I've got is pickles chilly and
dry drives down the street oh wow I
don't want to say okay what yes I can
see that the desert how much this bigger
he knows too much he's riding home that
you should get it for him he tells that
you looks easy to video I'll be doing
the Michael come on
I gotta everything
what what now we're making fun of that
you got that finger what made you want
that pen I don't know
then I gotta have that figure that's all
I know I thought talk you little bit cut
them low chato was reading this new
report this is if you blog yeah right
next to like pumping gas finger explode
what was that really oh my god releasing
Europe something about the just like
something the camera producers but oh
Michael
it's like wrote nothing Bridget it's not
gonna happen to us
I guess if you have a good Michael
why isn't what's going on you guys up
for not I just were called we actually
haven't done an intro yet my crazy I
thought all that so what's going that
all we forget what's going on you guys
and can be on a camera here
do I see Yeah right there I'm surprised
you're so open to vlogging next to the
gas all over son my god so don't put it
next to the gas though and it should be
fine right know within 20 feet Oh what
happened okay that's because of the
camera physically it'll keep stopping it
well you Bridget play $17 you are on
empty so it stopped because of the
camera yes camera I think it's done it
look there's no way it's done is only
$17 there's no way it's full this big
bastard it was on empty what the hell
just happened okay here we go what's
going on with that it was the free have
a thing I was right well I'm getting
more data guys I didn't really report
this does the camera can make something
roll over the cabinet I'm not going to
tell her that all right little stupid
why are you freaking out just because
the blade blow up and die no that is
enough of you is there a certain wagon
horses handle without looking like this
I don't know what does that mean I mean
Oh what all right I'm sorry you guys we
came have you given the hot plate
no I think it hard all the fire you're
going to write so we had to put the dogs
up because they like to does making a
fire and we're making the hot plate for
the pancake and the dogs wolf yeah I
don't look at hard worth gold what the
coal Oh Cole what Cole you got it right
now I thought you were I never I never
came you ordered it right the blocks I
didn't Rob you said you ordered it you
said you were gonna order it now you
sent me away
yeah so cuz you said he went to order it
no you sent me a link wait hold on yeah
because you want to order it you see
why'd you see me the link for because
you said you want to order it don't yell
at me dude I'm sick of beating myself
well I'm probably you fought me show you
singing ring oh my god so y'all didn't
orders of life yeah Michael did not
order the call you didn't order it
you can order it you sent me a link
abdominus on me how do you want me to
melt metal without the coal what do you
mean it can't be done look at sparkle no
you have the lava rock over there and we
have Charlie near the wood ain't gonna
work won't get hot enough shirt serious
it's made for dads getting food dude
thanks Bridget thanks Michael I sent it
to you because you said you on to order
it so you just for shits and giggles
just sent me a link a blacksmith Pole
yes why aren't you getting those order
instead of sending me the link
what does that mean Doug are we not
doing the video uh no what oh you got to
get to coal
are you for real here yeah
well what do we do I don't know like for
this video is this my fault your fault
what our bridges fault
y'all's fault it's my fault too I should
have ordered it but you seriously told
me that you wanted to order a slice on
it zero that's a lie Bridget no it isn't
what's happening right now
Doug don't leave we needed to help with
a pancake video we need help in general
today socks yeah you two need help
that's where it's been the hottest oh my
god it just make it bending is just warm
what if you like is that bad just to
test it we have a choice can't baby
we're gonna coach pigeon okay oh we just
put a coke for Matt oh my my god it'd be
cool
hey well because we don't have I'm scary
yeah the night video today's we're gonna
do something cool alright does all the
junk says oh hey what is it like I don't
know if it explodes I'll be happy
whether they explode in my face that
would be hilarious but I'd be filming it
and be heard here we go
alright this thing is not exploding like
we want so Charlie's got a big hunk of
metal mmm
are you ready Wow just do it again just
do it again don't tell me you got
another one
oh are you what you want do it again
yeah so MacGyver here's trying to do
something creative with your cooking
some dr. pepper all right so what is
this well put the butter on here to tell
you when it's hot ah it'll be a good
time to do it yep awesome again Charlie
you fucking with me bitch yeah I got
Doug back for you this man as science
bitch
yes
but it guys cooking all right please are
you really yeah do I need to call you
man 103 times I had to do oh yeah dude
dude my god Doug get him Dylan it's a
dangerous game play man you gotta yell
are sometimes tell you think I lost that
was not cool we heard some nudity walk
we gotta get we are doing something
we're doing something to say now dude uh
Paul's not cool that damn before you
told me to hit up I was in a sort of cut
down any funny hey got you back buddy
oh my god it's babe whoo oh my god you
do guys yeah yeah yeah no man I don't
know nothing nothing you guys miss me
okay
well I turned off the camera instantly
because you took all my thoughts on plug
half oh no principal he's bleeding bad
like you imagined blood I see was on the
goddamn neck and I saw fucking blood go
there and dad's a cooking chicken like
dad left child no dad knew that's right
bad news Oh see is it fake blood yeah
there's a jog good ha gotcha girl good
that wasn't cool yeah
that wasn't cool thank you oh it's not
cool and I messed up my let's do a
couple of things for sure no more drink
no I want to go home on candy you afraid
of cotton candy exploding yeah are you
guys
cotton candy
oh and y'all
doing anything
holy moly yeah
not obligate we heal the Charlie's prank
we called nine one one little curio
there buddy
whoo let me get a picture for Charlie
with 9/11 background
nice job tried the first prints and I
wear it look cool yeah you're good
I think he's that yeah I agree
nice job charlie man the first I got to
go to the first prank
we're not on one had to come out hey I'm
already waiting for this to cut the
payback man that's coming maybe for a
thumbnail look out the window I don't
want people to think that we just want
to abuse 9/11 one usually one nah but
Charlie you you will I'm sorry place
damn neck I had to call to make it real
man you know I mean but I appreciate
your job you don't really care about me
enough to call them not next time next
we can be really dying well we're
leaving grandpa fell good
so you knew trouble was pranking us yep
I come in dad how are you not feeling
Camellia room
we come here got a gallon blood I poke
down I'll do it looking over there
husband look up you got looks good
charlie
yeah yeah man I hate you hey get calls
like that man I hate to have to come out
here and check motherfucker first time
I'm not we actually have actually done
the 9-1-1 because you have to go first
couple minutes you yeah usually that we
create usually we prank somebody in this
house dad will tell me by the time
someone's calling 9-1-1 my trolley I'd
nail it real this is I guess this is to
Rio with Lake Erie off I'm sorry I'll
take a shower and everything and dad
knocks on the doors is heads will just
riccati do look before you put her
together now oh my god it like so and
stuff on my puppy this is why whenever
whenever we do in the room
whenever we do something what we're
going to call do something that's going
to cause a nine one one call we always
have more than one person in on it yeah
you should have had dad who said you
calling 9-1-1 got to go
yeah that's why why don't you brakes
only because I yeah I'm mad I don't get
it right maybe maybe getting dtq keeping
some of these pointers
well I've drawn this morning
you
