here we go there we go oh my god oh my
god oh my god I'm so excited
2.94 my god what's going on you guys
can't be out of camera here fortuity
yeah right there and today we're hitting
three money subscribers and today I am
not shave my eyebrows not today but for
Valentine's Day no I'm not yes you are
no yes you are Oh two more right there -
ah we have actually lost forces power
since the next time we first stopped
taking me and and and for zip Howard Jim
we hit the romantic music and him
celebrate okay okay okay I'm not I'm
saying right here why are you so easy
because I don't know I'll be back okay
now you say so my gosh oh my gosh oh
gosh this really is it folks
yeah and I'm saying right here seven and
a half five five five barn you're not
recording are you yeah I'm a funny this
is embarrassing
come on over 90 here we go not these
four more four more
Oh 303 million subscribers should we
part a now or part a now what do I do
what kind of number the feelings man
I've succumbed in a real listen fell in
love with my demons I need me something
for dreaming but now that hurts the
believing cuz I've been working for
leaders who pledged a worthless
allegiance inside I'm currently
screaming the pension pennies to eat
with the head of fire deep inside the
let me burn in a week and I've kept the
purest secrets of pain was buried in
lesions and man my problems with the
musically discerned disagreements with
all my people close as I discern from
achieving I can confirm I'm in need of
some happiness to be frank when the
mythic experiment but see I'm lacking
the thesis I hope you see me for me so I
miss stitches and seamless a
neurological genius appreciations but
fleeting I'm living life without meaning
I've been implanted with the gift to
grow a tree to the seamless to lose its
leaves in the secrets I wish I will be
strong but timing is my weakness
I feel this pain each day i winger
things enough how they see look how far
these things can take us
a falling asleep on my dream
pain each day oh did you get the cake
yeah I got a kid we did
oops its king okay look okay oh okay
Derek in here yeah don't matter
just Kate anything old pretty boy yeah
God what kind of cake is carrot cake man
he likes carrot cake
he loves carrot cake if you like the
sports for three million subscribers
yeah I think so he hates carrot cake by
the way huh he hates carrot cake you
didn't order to love it
you know three million subscribers Lyle
that really is man I really appreciate
youngins doing this good one day we
would have three million not to eat it
now get out of there there's oh I
couldn't I had trial twigs but I think
we need a candle was it good yeah good
Oh
three million sure if you don't I get
all yet let's go wake him up we have to
do it
Peter sleep hey happy three million ha
ha ha all right you're gay yeah happy
3-meter half cat you brought a candle
man yeah put that in here put it out in
there hey God yeah that's your king
happy 3 million mmm what the hell is all
this
oh okay but really
and yeah haha I thought we were going to
his house
Oh awesome you know icing on you oh okay
get out my way people look oh he get in
cake go away happy to meet you Michael
what have you thirty million cool the
party I'll give it to you we will party
one why do I need a Clavin ooh oh me too
oh come on goodbye goodbye eyebrows
goodbye goodbye come on
I already did that three million God
what had a little sympathy for your
agenda it's okay come my face I was
gonna do that I was gonna feed you in
bed what time is it
Oh 11:00 well I shall get up already
yeah just calm down I'm not pissed no
more good Kate man
Oh take the damn cameras I'm thinking I
don't think I should shave my eyebrows
you are you are are you praying to me
wrong you pranked now exactly me if you
gotta go through it again you were down
in port first let's go back now your
mistake well we're gonna just gone again
yeah great
you getting your Zeta yellen's ma would
you say what I will tell you all this
but what I want to do tell them off babe
no it was his idea like would you think
about 3,000,000 I feel I'm where I said
last night when I say yeah thank you
guys so much for three million
subscribers whatever y'all wouldn't
happen it's true obviously though y'all
and I wanna do you guys I love you too
yeah you know say whatever you want bro
you guys are the best thing that's ever
happened to our family
very bit because before you guys we were
just a bunch of pieces of crap and hated
each other now we're a bunch of pieces
of crap anybody else gather that a
couple people watch on YouTube so thank
you guys so much
yeah thank you gonna shit like Michael
you way they feel me get my leg up high
huh
Oh dog that's all Shh yeah we keep on
filming me happy three million I believe
me a bike in my hair it's in my face
what you're good at like baby you need a
diaper you need your diaper change look
freaking Jenga is that all over that put
in a real champion diver I want to wear
the shirt out can I wear this today as a
cake on me go wash it you're gonna have
crushed peas for dinner
good you solid in an hour you have a
baby dude
you act the same way any time I wake you
up bullshit
excuse - give it excuse me excuse me
excuse me I'm sorry
what you do i do not excuse me well shut
baby I can't that was good it was good
okay I'm just still waking up who wanted
bottle I already have I'm trying
I'll bring your baby Bobby trying
tomorrow trying root or not cuz I am
covered for the baby bottom are you able
to worry about problems you come here
with the baby
well you're gonna have one tomorrow
please like if you want me to bring a
big ball of my bar
please go okay like you cannot gonna
bring me a baby boy oh wait I'm puttin
to Len - no you're not
where are you getting that your lav I'm
trying to apologize to you for it you
ready - babes are there for your bottle
I'll bring big economy pass your ass
baby baby-by luca okay it's enough
that's a whale Oh
under that baby beluga in the deep blue
sea Mike was not a well-baby belugas a
baby whale I know that I've had it I
can't do tomorrow hope I'm sorry I'm
sorry okay
swimming in the deep blue sea you're not
a well I'm going away to got your baby
blue that's a wheel and you say the mail
song you're a baby I'm not trying to be
maybe you woke me up with cake thank you
guys I'm just everything Michael cut all
that stuff for the cake I'm cutting oh
ha no you're not yes I it was all his
idea to if you do all bowed out and then
what I'll do something we're cutting all
that hold on we'll buy that watch okay
see hey guys grandpa just got here for
the first time uh la la la la hey hey
big Beluga I can't but I'm trying to be
a good sport here yeah having for having
treat me good yeah yeah he's our even
leave I gotta go he came over here
though cake in my face and leave how do
I not even hear you guys I thought I was
awake did not wake up a kid yeah well
maybe the water is still years in well I
do have a good ear problem out in yoga
what the hell
I can't go to bathroom I'm gonna leave
you guys are not even bad who've all you
want okay thanks for stopping by I love
you love you too take a moment to tell
the young'uns but they books available I
love you all him I can do it out but
y'all I love you update thank you up
three million let's go from four down
we're gonna figure out something to do
before wait actually shapely
grandpa said he are the best son ever
yesterday I remember I did what that was
thought when he said that I was awesome
too
I was pretending to be you in acting
like you said it so what we're not even
discussing it but you're getting your
eyebrows show we show the video open
under noon I didn't want to show you
right now you can impersonate me right
you just get your allocate hey you want
to the funny star dad what she's losing
her eyebrows for Valentine's Day
ah you guys we're not shaving our
eyebrows right now we're gonna shake
them and start a February I think take
you somewhere nice view at all stop
house ya know a Valentine's Day without
eyebrows that's could be horrible well
dad thank you thanks for stopping by
thank you young mister 3 million thank
you young and appreciate it
I'm not going to hollows without
eyebrows cover the lens up you might be
a freak it's starting to dawn on me what
just happened I don't like when you
think so just stop I figured you stop I
know what just happened so you guys I
woke up like 9:30 this morning and I
wake up and brings like no baby go back
to here going do the consoling little
happy face you did baby go back to bed
go back to bed I'll clean what she
didn't do I'll clean baby
go back to sleep you didn't clean you
screwed me because she had grandpa on
his way over - wait you went to the
camera she had grandpa coming over to
prank me so I was like oh wow I'm gonna
wake up to a clean house and
I know I woke up to cake throw it in my
face
I should just stay won't you have done
if I stayed awake I would have been a
flop it would have been a flop shouldn't
stay awake I should have just pranked
you I was like you know a girl yeah what
you see you think I don't want to see it
I'm talking you know throw things on me
so anyway I'm gonna make sure your
eyebrows are actual God Michael stop it
oh yeah you got a pinhead Pete no no no
Luke opener that's gonna beat you we're
gonna do the outro I'm gonna get you
back I'm gonna really get you back you
better make sure they grow back threat
that was a threat that was a threat and
a promise I swear to God if they do not
go down bro okay Joe yeah my damn face I
don't like the confrontation well that's
gonna be it for today you guys thanks
for watching they got me you woke you
got me it wasn't that bad I'm fine with
it now it wasn't that bad do we even
take off the floor in the bedroom yet
not yet and the dog is right there let's
be right back folks this is the second
time you've been scooping up food off
the floor today happy 30 million Oh
so anyway that's gonna be a predator yo
guys thanks for watching nice job it
wasn't that bad though yo why are we
were feeding the same stuff yeah now
wasn't that bad
you got me it was funny but I am gonna
really get you though I'm really gonna
get you when you got no eyebrows that's
fine you can do that to me they'll grow
back okay what I'm really gonna get you
so anyway that's gonna be a for today
you guys Thanks
you breathe it alright you guys
seriously thank you so much for
everything that you've done for our
family
thank you for 3 million subscribers
thank you for shaving Bridget's eyebrows
off we're gonna have something else for
4 million but we're gonna do that after
her eyebrows are gone but anyway thanks
for watching tonight I'm going to get
you okay you've already said that I know
I'm really going to get you and all like
subscribe favorite all on everything but
your West and thanks for 3 million guys
you are the best guys you are the best
but Michael you guys were chilling a
freaking again okay remember that face
he made cut right here the face whoa
great for that again
