what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here yeah right there and today I
am Slytherin she's wearing Harry Potter
hoodie today they didn't care about that
okay today
okay guys if somehow my throat is slit
it was her it's freezing outside and
it's kind of cold inside anyway it's I'm
kind of not cold oh it's freezing
outside
is it yeah me so basically these shorts
that I'm wearing today no good today is
Sunday and today we're going over to
grandpa's house for Sunday dinner he
invited me I'm taking him up on it cuz
I'm kind of hungry
hell yeah what's he making I don't know
hmm I guess find out it's got to be good
it has to be good okay let's take your
gas before we go let's take a bet and I
guess so first I don't want to say roast
because it's really cold so I don't
think it's some sort of soup element
soup element chicken and dumplings what
if you're right IV so cool
why is that like whoa man so awesome
chicken and dumplings anyway forget it
we're getting this Sunday starter we're
on our way to grandpa's house if you
didn't see the blog we uploaded
yesterday what are you keep looking over
there for anyway today is Sunday and
today we're going to grandpa's house
we're having Sunday dinner we're getting
this intro over with ready to start this
vlog I am let's do this we're going to
grandpa's yo what what why are you
saying this stuff I'll clean it up when
you slamming around whatever one we're
gonna food gone white slime right here
he threw it out you weren't here
what did you mean roast Oh
come on you know I told you up here or a
four o'clock
and what's happenin fuckin physicist for
free but I am wrong what's up for 48 608
huh I got held up
I don't wait I'll wait for no one so go
with your burgers up someone I can't
stay and talk to you know gotta go I
gotta clean up dude
how long is even fit since about four
o'clock two hours you can slam hitch it
around about well we're here now that's
now should be good for my life without
you got to clean up how you like the
fridge I like it I like it I think it
looks really good in here so this you
guys was the fridge in that was in the
house the old house we had it in the
pool house we just gave it to Grandpa we
do not fix it so it works with icemaker
that I was so against eatin can I give
you a broken fridge I guess yeah it
works now yeah well I had to google it
I'm glad you fixed it
me dude having a tip of this knife oh my
god I don't want to know I don't know
why know you were gonna be fuckin pissed
off slam me get down mirco him mad you
leave yeah he does if I if you are too
good food away Emily who's gone where is
it in the fridge no it's gone track this
car I'll say shit know your shape fit
hey I don't take it what is that I don't
know if you're in Mayo it's like Mike
Tyson trying to cut him a deal
shall we huh never heard of it before
you holy delicious today that's my daddy
do all the way I'm really annoyed by
that goes like good ten food all right
you're very good Christ he had to really
push that one out let's go to Denny's
keep their everything out so just go to
Denny's babe I know I got to go Danny's
get it gonna be down
no I'm choosing Denny's yeah we good
what Larry do you is all right a little
what does she do really nacho video
where do you want to talk literally came
to talk to us what else do you what I
mean why are you acting like this good
hey you know yourself and you're tough
who's ready it's gone it's history to to
be it for you are here for you're right
so for 15 is gone for 15 you threw it
away
yeah are you serious yelling maybe a
minute maybe a plate the rest way oh my
god did you get any more
we fusion so it's good Danny's with
those I'm at least tasting baby it was a
blip without doors it's good you
shouldn't have thrown it out that was
not cool
you thought it'd be a pocket what oh you
enjoyed it yeah I told her self camera
no I'm not I'm not recording it
recording
I'm knowing y'all okay okay okay okay
I'm just sitting here with you just said
we were cool we are we worked everything
out I thought okay he would he admits
that he was doing a damn thing you said
sorry I noses are okay he didn't say to
our bridge if you try to say he said
sorry he's gonna flip you didn't say
sorry I'm sorry I didn't apologize
either it's Maya
he admitted fault okay no you did he
said I'm sorry my boys I'm done joke
about okay
you guys he stood his ground we were all
well cram that damn camera up your ass
here a minute what's wrong with being
wrong sometimes
I ain't never wrong just admit you're
you you saw that should I admit none
he's a guys off-camera he was like Mike
I was you're a buyer it was a big baby
and he cried you're right you're a liar
he cried in my arms it was like damn I
know you're a liar
that rain so sorry bye oh you take
either side now you already mad happy so
you know yeah he was like my ghost being
on y'all gonna believe all that shit yo
mom I'm Joby you guys believe that shit
y'all are y'all know better
I'm joking obviously pose for the
thumbnail he's not good what are you
wearing for you pour juice oh just what
all right ready thumbnail or I'll tell
you what I have a card okay
I'm you better be damn good about where
George's ways whore juice the shit you
throw me it's no good whore juice okay
anyway thanks for the apology
thank you so much he did a positive so
we're leaving grandpa's right now so
just receiving is my way so we're
leaving grandpa's house right now and
brow it is so cold I know you know it's
garbage I'm not that boy oh you can
really see it smell it no I did that
last time oh my god way cool it says
it's 38 I don't know man yeah I just
turned the seat warmer oh I see oh
please burn my ass so it will to
Michael's a spot on fire last time oh
yeah you put a no so damn high no my ass
burns like crazy let me tell you it
wasn't flame anyway is freezing
okay yes my ass was in flames alright
we're going back to the house we were in
here very long
we're going to Denny's though Jenny's
that'd be cool I think we're meeting my
dad when you see this hand going this
way you stop well I'm talking you don't
do that they say something entertaining
we're going to Danny's guys soon
government lens stir away dinner the
lens was covered when you said that I'm
sorry yeah okay I'm still vlogging I
turn the lights off
all right good laughing stop stop stop
why I gotta cover the lens okay yeah
good oh okay
my ass is on fire oh yeah so you guys ah
these seats what timbers you put it on I
don't know I just put it on it's like
glowing red yeah glowing red ass I can't
think come on this is not her it's right
it's like gonna fire one Bridget it
won't open
oh it won't open my shawl I'm not
wearing the hoodie oh my god I'm so
freakin Cora before
I'm trying up let me try here you're
gonna break it that's not even to keep
it that is the key
I'm just gonna kick it up a Bridget
Michael no stop filming okay go check
the front see if it's in line why would
it be in law I don't know I don't
usually lock it is so look at Hey
okay Brooke Michael go go no I'll keep
trying over here god I feel like hell
yeah I'm pretty sure he'll would feel a
lot better than this the walk hall
just messin with Michael a little bit
pray what is it called yeah it's really
it's called
Michael go round to the other door
it's a look okay yeah why why my god
here hey I'm sorry I'm just bored hey
guys hey that's me it's me at home hi
this is so bad you were joking the whole
time are you it's cold if I get a cold
I'm bleeding cold it's cuz you'll wash
your hands we gonna cold cuz you have me
out there freezin now it's because you
don't wash it
oh so warm in here I know ya had my face
your face is blue
what ah huh nothing I'm talking to my
dad
yeah he's on his way back now baby I am
King
pancake oh yeah I'm totally getting
pancakes I'm gonna talk no you're doing
a freaking intro I can't tell
don't put that thing on me do you feel
that nobody move I'm scared okay I got
tortured with a thing if I can't stop it
okay I'm sorry no you're not I won't do
it no more
I thought we got rid of that damn thing
why would I get rid of this damn thing I
won't do it again economy air are you
gonna watch his Bridget get zapped on
campus all right well that's gonna be a
for today guys thanks for watching had a
pretty good day he's been a pretty good
day Wendy Grandpop's you know he threw
all the fire stop it
okay this thing is dying I'm just going
wrong sir I'm just gonna toss that like
I see it please no I don't trust you
you're gonna zap me that's it that's
fair for the day
yeah bail is coming at it but you hit
anything no Michael I'm not gonna stop
you
I'm gonna get out of here you guys
follow me
