what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here right there
and today Michael is stepping up garbage
chute no no no your pants
no I didn't why can't you move them
retire this morning what's going on you
guys today thinking about this one so I
can't even get purple a purple one
anything
yeah you look if heels no warrior right
now what really couldn't get blood that
could get the blood out of this one so
they had to do both arms yeah well when
do you find out what the results um they
said about two to three days so I would
not go public Tuesday maybe want to say
weren't just is Friday but they don't
work on the weekend doctor off the
doctor has to read it this is what the
daughters were on there on the weekend
what kind of life is this specialist
specialist don't work on weekends well
we're gonna get an answer here soon this
is insane so the blood test this gonna
tell us everything or what no basically
if the red white blood cells are high
that means does that better than we'll
do a biopsy there's so many steps to
this
huh you want me to do it yeah I'll do it
you would do it there you go
then PFE is getting surgery like right
now like mangled your arm up wow dude
well it'll be holding on this is why I
don't go to the hospital maybe cuz like
they can't ever find any mind so they go
through my hand
hmm and like I can't handle that it's
the same place where dad used to get his
blood work done on that one time they
couldn't get it in his hand they go
there's Matt they went through his Daisy
oh my god maybe Jimmy well hopefully we
get some answers soon
you know peopies in surgery right now
for us freaking i yeah I saw you down
the other day Ramon as I the mammogram
things are not easy with that they hurt
you yeah they could be kind of painful I
mean I don't think mine hurt as bad as
like other people because I have more
like it's tough to put up on the table
squash it down but you do
I mean endo kind of uncomfortable I
really out of the loop here and like
with me there like look like okay it's
like a thing about this whatever has got
thing there's like oh you're smashing up
man oh you Michael damn I getting a
mammogram I felt alone before there you
go I wonder if they do guy mammogram of
course they do
Michael you're not gonna this is not
gonna be your new thing I'm worried now
I got breast it runs into family why
Jenni we've been breast cancer lives in
the family mom saw the family
Oh grant Matt Matt had breast cancer and
I don't even she really had it she was
afraid she had breast cancers channel
cut up off anyway
Oh jeans day I told a whole different
story
maybe I'm wrong
for our aunt passed away at breast
cancer at 36 and then what this could be
trouble I know grandma reading hi breast
cancer what she's died of colon cancer
Oh
I'll schedule a mammogram so explain to
me what does the mammogram like well
they they take your boobs and they kind
of lift it gonna stick it on this little
like platform and then they have this
other thing that goes down on it like it
will oh right on top of it you can't
breathe you have to be perfectly still
what is it hurt it's painful it can be
painful especially if you don't have a
whole lot of boob put on to the platform
oh my god like me then stretch it out
stick it on
jigsaw tried it what's wrong with it
would you break it broken
well I couldn't get it turn right off to
me somehow fix it to do that but still
can't find a picture I think it doesn't
leave it off there so this is the
picture the phone with the pictures of
dad we're supposed to be on ER
yep dude it looks like you're welding
okay wait wait what'd you just say that
I want gasps chicken salad yeah you were
just saying yesterday you were craving
dad's chicken salad
yeah dude dude we were seriously just
talking about that yesterday me and
Bridget we're talking about dad's
chicken salad
I actually made chicken salad yesterday
I never make it that's not true
at one time in my life and that was
years ago and for some reason yesterday
yes yeah you were yesterday yeah and how
did you make it well I used a little bit
mustard
it's a Miracle Whip some onions it's
some pickle relish and no chicken
chicken I got a chicken leg you can get
at Walmart it's like a cannon like no
Jemma I'm the boiled chicken now you how
much was your can of chicken like a
dollar sixty okay this is not chicken
two more dollars you could have gotten a
rotisserie chicken to mess your arm
what how have you not heard of a can of
chicken I've heard of a can of chicken
but I don't think it's really chicken
it's chicken it's not this white chicken
if you boil chicken yeah I swear to god
it's chicken meat no it's not real
chicken breast it's no way no that's
what it says on the cans all right I'm a
little shook right now you guys but we
have to talk about something that just
happened I'm like he's here Bridgette it
was across the street we're okay
but we were on a red light and traffic
and let's just do this so we can get
going Bridget please fill me okay just
now I'm like 90% sure we were almost
robbed yes like a hundred percent cuz he
told us yes dude you slipped up this is
the craziest thing that's ever happened
to me in person okay and I'm scared and
I want to go home now
rich I gotta get some shirts from DXL
okay yeah so we're leaving all of God we
took Cindy out for dinner and afterwards
Bridgette decided to come to the car and
start smoking is what she does
we're just chilling and I see this
homeless guy walking up to us and he's
covered in tattoos and he has a cane so
we start scurrying or the conversation
asking about my tattoos where I got them
from and then the conversation takes -
do you have any money for a hotel room
he needed $15 for
Hotel and I was like we don't have any
cash but Cindy did Cindy went through
her purse and she pulled out $15 and we
gave it to him and the guy pulls out a
knife
machete knife that wasn't their night
that is a machete it was like the Reg
I'm gonna give the Rambo like a like a
combat knife okay he had it right here
tucked yeah he pulls it out and he said
pull up so quick What did he say exactly
because I'm a little fuzzy old man like
I mean it sounded like like he was like
if we didn't give money it was gonna rob
us yeah he was like yeah I knew you guys
were nice people and I wouldn't have to
use this yeah stick his stick like this
thing fell off and that you can beat
someone with us this is his walking
stick it was very sketchy you guys it
was like hey let me bust a freestyle for
you
and he starts freestyle rapping and he's
talking about Lance's and how much is
that Lexus worth yeah I'd like to kill
people and I'm like okay I'm seriously
waiting for him to like stab you in the
neck I'm not gonna lie I was sitting up
out the back seat I was just waiting for
him to make a move I was sitting in the
passenger side and Bridget was standing
next to the student so bridget when she
sees the knife walks to the farm the
cranks and that's when he's like hey
let's put on a beat and I'll freestyle
to it and he rapped and we got the hell
out of it I'm 95% sure we were almost
just wrong I'm really scared right now
we were I'm like I'm gonna be checking
the news into a gorgeous you know I
really honestly time you saved us you
say - is it - from getting robbed
cuz dude if it wasn't for your $15 in
cash
what would have happened Bridget let's
give me some shorts and let's get out of
the door Austin let's go I don't like to
like keep dwelling on this but that was
scary dude
it was scary when he pulled that knife
out yeah that's what oh my god no I was
fine until that moment I thought
a little strange if he was very
comfortable for a minute but when he
looked it up he's sure he had that night
that's when I got scared I was sketched
out the entire time because guys I was
right next to Michael like smoking my
cigarette and he literally gets off in
my business yeah it was I saw the lines
on his teeth and I have moved back the
first thing that I see he's wearing like
some sort of like Australian hat like
one of those out if I had to say what he
looked like I think it would be like
Crocodile Dundee if he was a lot younger
covered in tattoos oh boy yeah looked
like that yeah I could see it I don't
know you guys it was really strange I
really wish you'd found that that's the
thing I was going to think about filming
up but the thing he was rapping to was
the Star Wars theme so anyone
hello dude honestly like I feel like
your mom they might have saved our life
I honestly feel that way like I keep
thinking about what would have happened
if she didn't have cash and the stick
that he had was broken like the top was
just like not connect to it okay I'm on
the dogs in because someone's clearly
messing what does no pellicle know she
might be able to find the person well I
would've just go inside I want to know
who it is okay Bell was just leaving
there she goes all I know but he heard
her know if somebody comes running up
right now she's gonna get him cuz I'm
running inside you're so mean I won't I
was saved my girl come on girl you smell
anyone no dude
okay I can't even show that huh you have
that okay
okay what scared
superstation do you think they died I
don't know what if they're like up here
right now I'm gonna fight I'm like
witness to you somebody this is totally
inappropriate of course it is but we
have new tailing to figure out who it is
joy Tina don't say it why would she do
that
hello I have a gun nothing don't you do
it sorry it's not funny
let's do the intro okay I don't like
this okay
last night now someone bringing on the
doorbell tonight get it I'll tell you
about that what about the gate we can't
promise not the pool gate was open why
it it's chill out did the pool people
come yesterday
no we're scaring ourselves let's call
the security
we got him over here tonight I take him
here tonight
get it over tonight hurry company well
that's gonna be up for the day you guys
thanks for watching sorry that things
got a little weird there at the end we
were getting pranked I don't know by a
fan I hater by Tina
I don't know either way it's totally
inappropriate and we got
you can't do that it's not acceptable to
do it's one it's scary when somebody
comes up to your house and that's the
reason why people buy like guns and hire
private security and please just guys
I'm going to bed it is really late
I have been sustaining on cereal because
it is 5:30 in the morning
it is madly I'm getting out of here
thanks for watching you guys
Jennifer I hope the hope the blood work
comes back normal and yeah that's it
thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe favorite
and knock it off with knockoff
