what's going on you guys rich of us here
and today my goal is sleeping in today
I'm gonna
good morning babe I'm sorry bu wake up
we have to vlog I told you what the hell
is that oh my gosh what get out of here
dude
you're so like it's almost dead dog toy
no fur Oh what is that light in there
it's the finger ball games I thought we
agreed I said it was rainy I just
probably wasn't gonna do a vlog today
well I didn't like that I wonder vlog
damn it
do you ever charge the damn thing get it
in the light out of my face it's gonna
shoot out and well
I'm sorry I won't shoot it out hey I
will really taste what's going on you
guys kid yet hey can't be on a camera
here for to us here right there today
well you just saw what I did - today is
Saturday and being straightforward with
you guys up front I was not gonna upload
a vlog today you know we have a winter
like a winter advisory today it snowed
at one point check this out so it is
snowing in Somerville hell has frozen
oak officially unless that's just like a
bunch of dandruff look just dis danger
so it was cold it was wet it was
miserable it was depressing I didn't
film anything so I was like you know
what no vlog and you said you were cool
with that
well I wasn't really cool at that I lied
so the truth is guys Mike was furious
cuz whenever we went out places he
forgot the camera and he did not want to
film that's the truth yeah it sort of
snow and while we were out and I was so
pissed because I forgot the camera and
it just depressed me it deflated me I
was done for the day but I wasn't
depressed I mean I really want to show
you guys that but I so into vlog so she
decided to vote I fell asleep reading
the Uncharted book you got me for
Christmas not don't know oh my god she
looks so comfortable I was always having
to dream of my life anyway forget it
intro over I guess we're doing a vlog
today she woke me up yeah I don't know
what else to vlog about this one
Bridget it's nine o'clock yeah
you understand so I'm gonna get to this
fucking thing just a minute yes so the
other day was it yesterday
do we have any lights in this house yeah
ghosts are lights that's not I mean so
the other day
Bridget decided to put motion sensor
lights in our toilet now I don't know
why do I piss on the seat or something
yeah I guess I pee on the seat enjoy
these guys I'll walk in and they don't
want to hear that I've cut it out of the
vlog that was cut you don't want to know
what it says thing is I just stop I
don't want to keep editing you'll stop
don't piss me off today you've already
walked me up let me have my seat
let me have my scene you better hey God
be a joke help in here in this folks I'd
be on I got the prevail okay she's got
something for me let me cover them okay
what is it a diaper like this wow you're
so strong now what's in this - my eye
seriously dude this is my diapers diaper
beats I don't know here you need this -
what is this emergency chocolate for
your bitch ass how long have you been
holding on to this a while I got it made
six months ago I've been waiting for the
perfect time to give you that cuz you
need it okay so um I guess you've been
hiding this waiting for the time for me
to be a dumbass yeah you're like
screaming at me because I'm calling you
out I'm pissing on the toilet seat so I
got emergency talk yes it's on oh no
Bobby never warning it's six months on
is it still edible yes it's for an
emergency Michael it's not like it's
really emergency chocolate let me get
you got it no it's good good you feel
better
best by March 2017 oh wow tell us couple
months away if I was a bitch in October
you were to give me this yeah and I've
been sick Michael I don't think you get
sick from like expired chocolate okay
maybe you should have another square no
okay all right happy yeah are you sounds
disgusting by the way really it's just a
water a chocolate oh okay so I'm gonna
go to the bathroom okay
what are you doing thank oh I need what
are you doing I need to go the room Hey
Hey you're not waking up that toilet you
can know the bathroom after I do this
vlog scene I want to show ever to the
toilet you're gonna wake it up if you
walk by it wake it up it's a toilet yeah
you got motions you want to piss me off
you want to piss me off
what does that mean I'm recording I'm
recording folks does that threat look
you want to go ahead and throw up on me
let's do the scene and you can go do
whatever the hell it is you need to do
okay okay get with the program and do
see it I don't piss me off Bridget I'm
gonna oh god wake it up okay you guys
Bridget installed lights on the toilet
in the bathroom and now it makes me the
bathrooms up to something so watch this
this one happens when I'm coming up to
the bathroom I need to use the bad if ur
intolerable yeah it changed colors oh my
god like I don't blame really obsessed
with the toilet now what yes okay light
off what the fuck Billy lets me know
when it wants to come one bye hello
hello toilet huh like fuck off
okay so you have that light and our
planets dude so we have then you guys in
our bathroom now we have this planetary
light show that people think is a
freaking camera it's not a camera guys
and we have glowing toilet anybody
really confuse the bathroom interested
now I want to show you guys something
Cindy gave us now Cindy I love it you
watch the vlogs I don't you think I'm
making fun of it
I'm making fun of the product so or the
box this thing says realistic light show
star show realistic starship yeah light
sure they could get away with realistic
star show so I'm like okay it's about me
a freaking planetarium in my foyer and
by the way else was obnoxious thing I've
ever said in my foyer anyway it was
about to be a planetarium up in here so
let's see it every let's see this
realistic light show mom I love it
whoa whoa
feels like I'm soaring through outer
space I feel like I'm in space look at
this guy's I'm hoping the camera picks
this up it's a little blurry focus
what'd you just do
now would you do I got you're making me
angry you've ruined it it was funny
before so guys this is the realistic
star show it advertised we're playing
are we supposed to be on I don't ask
cuz I don't know where the stars look
like this but in an earth yeah oh it's
so cute though a real diplomat Nebula
maybe this is not a realistic start yeah
you're in the Milky Way we're in the did
you just say we're in the Milky Way
right now we currently are in the Milky
Way Earth is in the Milky Way I'm
walking away from you see the view Asian
bees oh my god are you serious yeah oh
my god
mihrab stars crush it we are in the
Milky Way galaxy right now we are in it
no we're not
oh my my oh my god so I wanted to take a
minute to the vlog and talk about AB
announcement something fantastic but
we're not in the Milky Way what we're
not in the Milky Way are you still
talking about that yes I have to make
the SUBSCRIBE our announcement okay
are you like one time I was looking
through your telescope and I saw like a
bunch of candy bars okay you're trying
to make a joke like you oh I knew we are
in the Milky okay Bridget we are in an a
spiral arm called the Orion Arm okay we
are in the Milky Way galaxy it's like
two thirds away from the silk could you
stop now he should being a genius day on
no no I got to do the announcement she
go hell yes we are in the Milky Way
galaxy
you're in the Orion Arm of the bay we
good okay yeah I'm smart John okay
that smug little laugh Luis yeah could
you fill me now well anyway we are very
close you guys very close to three
million and as promised we told you guys
at three million subscribers
Oh Bridget shaving and brows off they
just grow back ground oh well they're
gonna be just fully gone again like in
December there's white patches on my
eyebrows well that was out there filled
in right well now there's gonna be no
patches how's that sound
it does sound very good hey you agreed
you bring to me that doesn't matter that
was a prank we didn't hit three million
you fell for it but you still gotta
shave up anyway you guys we are very
close to boom we'll take this from three
million subscribers and I wanted to tell
you guys something in advance
Bridget doesn't even know this yet she
is going to find out you don't like
surprises this is gonna be a surprise so
they're gonna be a boom big surprise so
we're probably gonna hit three million
before the end of January
sorry and I don't want you guys to start
saying they're not doing it they're
going out of the promise because we
don't do it in January because I plan on
doing it in February because I wanted to
prolong a little bit you're cool with
that
absolutely bridge is cool will prolong I
think we should do it like next year's
we're gonna do it in February middle of
February that's not good okay you know
what's in February Valentine's Day no
yeah no yeah where is it I promise you
on everything this Valentine's Day we're
gonna have a vlog called a Valentine's
Day without eyebrows no yes we are so
you guys subscribe we're hitting three
money subscribers and when we do I'm
subscribed please nope
I'm sad and then subscribe until you're
family so yeah we're hitting Bridget
we're hitting three million very soon
and you're not gonna have a Valentine's
Day with your eyebrows and I'm just
trying to think what we do for you no no
no cover-up nothing what do we do frowns
des Halles chop house no I don't know we
leave the house can't wait you guys
coming soon hey yeah when the Milky Way
galaxy yesterday's vlog we weren't able
to show Bella because we were dad talk
tighten up its yeah
she's she looking happy yeah
wanna make she give you guys a little
update on her she's doing a lot better
she's playing again she's happy huh yeah
it's looking a lot better huh a lot of
the redness is gone
yeah she's she looks very happy he Bella
oh oh right here she afraid it's the
pain meds Bella right there what just
happened is she afraid that Bennett baby
clean oh oh oh she's so sweet
oh I hope I hope she's better okay she
wants to roll over and she's like you're
keeping me from doing okay well there it
is you guys I don't like going near it
but we got our instructions bridges been
following it and Bella's doing good you
guys were wondering yesterday so there's
your update on Bella
give me that paw you're doing good huh
yeah she did a lot better
can I burp all I can't have it well
that's gonna be a pretty day Oh guys
thanks for watching
first things first smack that like
button I'm gonna ask you do that twice
actually uh-huh smack that like button
if you made it this far into the vlog a
lot of people don't I want to know how
many people actually make it to the ends
of the vlogs
so smack the like button also be mad oh
I know what you're gonna say I'm ro
excited for all right
also if you made it this far you get
this announcement smack that like button
if you want us to do hate comment oh
part two Oh guys you guys I'm so excited
I'm doing another hate comments video
the first we did was last January I
actually tried to do it again I think it
might have been in August or something
yeah I don't remember it was sometime
last year and for some reason I asked
you guys to leave your comments on
Twitter and as I'm uploading the video
I'm like oh shit wait a minute this is
not hey Thomas this is Twitter Q&A so
I'm in do another hate comment so that's
this year smack the like button if you
want us to do a hate comments in a
course leave a bunch of comments below
your hate comments yeah like five times
to trick the youtube i or they also if
you want your hate commenting so anyway
give us some hate comments to make the
like button if you want it we're getting
out of here thanks for watching you guys
like subscribe favorite fall on
everything but just and for those asking
yeah we're still doing the pancake video
yeah oh my god it's totally soon guys
and I am really excited and ever I'm
just excited for everything okay Thank
You Bridget for a vlog today cuz we
wouldn't had one oh thank you seriously
I'm glad you got me out of it cuz I had
fun doing it it was definitely fun I
love blogging and yeah we don't have to
fake being happy like some of those of
youtubers that compute I was not gonna
I'm not dissing anybody
you
