what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here fedoras here right there and
today members took like a really sad
tone bridge aways here and today look
she's gonna be alright and today I
chopped my baby off today Bella has
surgery and if you're wondering why we
didn't film dropping her off at the vet
office uh she had to get her surgery
done at a new vet today because the one
that we usually go through they do not
specialize in surgeries to remove tumors
so we had to take her to a new place and
they had a sign that says like no
cellphones and I don't want to piss them
off and suddenly whip out a camera and
we're trying to build a rapport with
these people so I we decided not to film
it but Bella is there right now and what
time you think she'll be back I can pick
out her own for right now we don't know
anything uh just that probably about
right now she's going under the knife so
Bella
sweet dreams dream of us if you dream
the dogs join in I bet her dreams are so
cute
they probably just like like her face
into a bowl of food yeah like this is a
simulation of a Bella dream
ah so anyway that's what's going on
today Bella's getting surgery and pretty
much that's gonna be the whole vogue
I'll be honest you guys don't care about
cute dog footage cut off the vlog oh
this is gonna be oh oh my gosh I miss
Bella so much and client is concerned
too clouds just like moping around the
house what are the percentages of her
surviving this cuz I didn't want to ask
like 3% survival
yeah what Hank loves me that's not funny
how does it mean Frank I'm sorry my god
look like if you hate Bridget so just
now in the intro you guys saw where I
did the simulation of Bella's dream so
this is the footage this is the I'm sure
you guys want to see it this is me being
Bella for the dream the full stuff
Bridge is scolding me because I pulled a
pizza off the counter and us trying to
get the scene right word Bella was
attacking anyway this is the dream
sequence that's not a funny that's
enough
what I'll be Belle make it you're not
Bella pick it up fellow and do that no
what was it oh how old is that pizza two
days that's what Peter looks like after
two days oh gosh so you guys know that
was pepperoni okay chicken spinach you
happy yes she told me I'm sorry you just
called me like a dog
bad Michael bad bad bad Michael lol oh
well well uh well I was Alma did we get
it yes this one do it again yeah hang on
okay you should come enough to me man
Sark wrong hang on I'll just make this
obviously trigger a little bit your
problem back it up okay that's it's fine
not like that yes yes back it up some
sort comes at me there you go
ready yep oh wow I was out bow up the
wings go over their head you're right
hang on a while okay you got it
I like it
God what is it doing look what are you
doing what are you doing what are you
eating
I thought you were in the bathroom I use
the upstairs bathroom Oh your mom's
you're cleaning what do you do you
shouldn't scare me no I've seen a clown
thing no no yes I see yet I'm just
trying to show you it oh my god you're
trying to scare me no I'm just gonna
show you it love you why I was first
over you're gonna hang this in the
window what is this thing
no I wasn't I'm just gonna show you
under this is one of those papers you're
gonna hang in the window
no and you just tried to scare me the
bathroom I'm sorry for the record so you
know for next time when Cindy's here
cleaning I used the bathroom upstairs Oh
cuz I didn't want her to smell much so
Clyde's been laying around like all day
looking for Bella looking for Bella he
was curious this morning what do you
mean like he just seemed so strange it
looked like he was like looking for and
the children now look yeah Claudine or
Bella's was better was her name Clyde
where's Bella you know belly oh my gosh
yeah where oh I miss my girlfriend right
now she's a surgery we don't know what's
going on when are we gonna hear from the
van
hopefully soon right Clyde
cover the lens I don't want to be crying
in this volume yes that's not what I
want to be doing I'm just worried cuz
look she's already gone with this with
her paw before so she's just he doesn't
deserve it sucks just to live like this
you know so that's why I'm doing this
that's why I'm a little sad because I
don't know what's going on she's in
surgery right now we don't okay yeah I'm
a bitch okay I was getting mad at myself
that I'm on boom Clyde you still looking
for I feel like he was just about to cry
too
I'm probably wrong so brick just trying
to scare me with this fucking clown day
I'm gonna do the same later right now
those guys are crazy
well your job the jug you wanted to do
to me it was a stinking here okay hey
Bridget we all float your joke you try
to do to me don't cover that lens either
good cover lens doesn't the film the vet
didn't get me Michael let me talk please
let me talk oh I appreciate it okay what
is she saying
yes ma'am is it good Michael okay
I worry about my girl Oh give it a damn
I'm sorry ma'am thank you so much thank
thank you that's yeah that's good thank
you
all right yeah all right bye I'm telling
me good news now
okay you guys Michael let me tell on
Michael I went to the news I'm telling I
dropped her off so we just got so we
just got news about Michael this is
where you should've been okay just tell
everybody okay guys so the incision for
it is bigger because it was much harder
to her what does that mean no bigger
well it was supposed to be like a small
incision but it's a big incision she's
like a hole in her face does he I hope
not but they got all of it and they're
gonna send it off to a lab to make sure
it's not like horrible and to find out
exactly what it is apparently have like
blood vessels in it or some what does
that mean I don't know what that means
I don't even know if that means like
clots guys let us know in the comments
of you if there's any animal experts
that know what it means that the tumor
that they found had blood vessels in it
and it was like really attached to her
tissue like really attached what but she
made it she's in recovery
so you guys want it man you guys want it
up and Oh what like that yeah so you
guys wanted an update no come on so you
guys wanted it okay I can't do it
Michael you guys wanted an update on
Bella there it is she made it through
the surgery the tumor like Bridget you
told him everything yeah I put them
everything so I got to pick her up at
like 4:00 so picking her over like 4:00
o'clock I can't film picking her up but
I will show her here afterwards and I'll
show you the incision and I miss my
fellow I do too Bella I'm glad you're
feeling better Clyde has missed you all
day oh my gosh I know it's so sad let's
go get our baby when I say baby I mean
we're going to KFC to get a bucket of
chicken
that's my baby oh no we got Bella
Oh cuz I stopped doing back yeah II love
your baby too
well we're sitting here at home with
Bella
Beauty trying to spray and Bella's face
she does not need that right now
especially right there oh my gosh
I think he's trying to spray her no come
here girl
she's like out of it right now yeah
she's in like fog land like she's just
standing spot Bella and Felix Felix if
he had a gland dude he'd be spraying all
over a wall right now yeah hey Bella she
has no idea what's even going on give a
good girl come here come on tiresome
bugs come here girl where's your face
fallen when did she eat again now come
here you know how to get us back a once
you have to get an are you guys here it
is it looks really bad it's really big
but they got it yeah - can't take pain
meds until tomorrow she just shot one
could she eat oh now you hungry you
hungry Bella
let's get her food go girls go eat she's
gonna know what that word means
you couldn't eat last night so obviously
man she could eat this morning so the
first time in a while I'm just glad
she's feeling better and I just hope she
does get better
one of her hurts to eat you her see she
is eating slower than usual cover the
lens unless you weep a girl
client is just sitting over there he's
been sitting beside Bella all day so
poor thing pretty much okay clay does it
I don't care oh we love you show me how
you feel she sorta been out of it all
day there's been really been the first
time of the day that she wanted to play
around camera Paul I came along she
think I'm trying oh you can see we took
her a little bandage off now she's Jesus
even worried about Bella all day Clyde
was depressed cuz they don't know where
Bella was she's right there bud okay I
she just plopped right here and she's
funky hard so me and breads have been
talking we think we were going to let
Bella sleep down here tonight
Oh cause like I love her and I love
having her in the bed but it is looking
kind of aggravated the incision spot
and this is just a big old area she can
fall asleep at poor fella man
oh ah who a family like a minute ago I
was brushed in Shehata Oh Claudia you
try to go tension man yeah you know he's
just like pay attention to me now
Oh what's crazy is I think he knows
she's heard things up but he hasn't left
her side and he won't like go all on her
and stuff yeah that is weird
usually he's jumping all over yeah you
would be on your face right now I
totally think Clyde knows hey Bella
breakfast in bed or dinner in bed but
nobody says that so we just sat this
gamecocks bed down for her and she just
popped right in it instantly it was well
that's gonna be up in her to you guys
thanks for watching I'm pretty sure
tomorrow we're going to Grandpa's house
and doing the hotknife video so Bella
I'm glad she's right there but I'm glad
Bella's feeling better I'm am too I was
so worried
it was gonna be it was scary that's why
I didn't go with Bridget this morning to
take her because I was scared but you
know I'm just glad it's it's over I'm
glad we don't we won't know for anything
for what but a we could do about five
five days maybe five days so we're gonna
find out they sent off the thing to get
tests so we'll find out about that about
a week so that's gonna be afraid of you
guys thanks for watching
thank you guys for all your thoughts and
you know all of that you guys thank you
so much thank you so much for the
support like subscribe favorite fell on
everything for to us where's Bella well
I was gonna put the camera bells face
when she's gone and
yeah hey Bella tell everybody thank you
thank you for
