what's going on you guys get me out of
here we try not be loud the girls are
asleep all right what's going on you
guys get me out of here to us here
yesterday's long I don't do to go along
if you want us to scare Kim with the
Chucky doll because Kim is close to
terrify muggy as I well you guys goodbye
so I got it sorry
ah
Kim
Jim hey what was that oh yeah
kind of heard like like footsteps and
little footsteps oh it's okay is that
what the Chucky doll yeah there was
little pillow
ken ken was a prey who's up - it's not
funny
it was a joke oh my god
oh sorry
throw away it was just a joke oh yeah
are you rolling oh my god you guys got
me in a world of mass are you guys is
she telling us she's freaking are you
trolling so he's still really upset joke
it look she got a smile you you got a
humor about it Joe humor my ass you just
woke me up a little my girls are throw
away throwing your room now it's like
free I'm sorry about that ice cream guys
yeah your daughters are awake I'm sorry
Oh girls don't come here then we're
sorry how about how about oh here's your
dog thank you how about what you could
jump the
okay hey Belle you get here Bella come
out you good you mad no it was just a
prank
oh my god I'm sorry about your dog is
that you're putting him back to sleep I
don't know how to do that
I bet the perp I got a doll for him oh
that's fantastic go go right to bed yeah
I was hot for us to go to bed are you
all for you I'm wide awake yeah hey Kem
has left with the girls suppose the
other family here and I'm gonna wake my
go up and tell him that chemist luck
it's just really really angry with them
hey hey Michael wake up Kim left Kim
left hey hey good morning Kim left she
went back to Syracuse yeah yeah she left
she's really mad hey get up hey get up
what dude yeah left what's that mean she
laughs she went back to New York
why yes she's mad at you me yes for the
prank what so she left
here she laughed who can dig fine hi
dude
fine so you just gotta be filming me huh
yes because I know it's so interesting
that my sister bailed out cuz you
decided Michael she loved because she's
mad that are so stupid dude she about
pop my tires but I was like chill Oh
cares I mean she almost popped my tires
how with a knife yeah with the naive I
was like Kim chill out I'm gonna call
the cops and she's like she like started
cursing at me and then took my car into
the airport did you film it no I think
she would have broken the camera who
cares it was safe to the memory card and
she's acting a crazy fool like that we
need to film it damn it
so Kim she laughed Kim left cuz he's mad
because over a stupid prank yeah I don't
like you like over my shit okay yeah
yeah my face okay rude yeah I want your
damn coffee bitch get out of my face
leave my fault hey no no no Eileen the
footage Michael stop it give the damn
camera I'm doing it
hey stop it what is your problem
bust my ass still take it out on me your
sister left
babe yeah she's loved
why I don't know she just seemed really
mad and take my keys and love over the
Chucky thing yeah
thank has to be oh dude I just woke up
on the timing why are you filming this
because Michael time is it it's like
8:00 she left like 10 minutes ago over
the chunky thing are you serious I guess
so
well then how do you know she even left
my car is gone and my keys then I'm
calling the cops if you don't know
something
she took it she didn't even ask you
stormed off another take a fucking joke
him I know so I think she's in the wrong
family
bail it's okay
Oh what's banister why Bella
calm down Oh how we fix that oh my gosh
see the can screwed we're screwed
how do we fix like we're screwed
so let me get this straight you wake me
up way sure it is on backwards
oh really I want it this way okay let me
get this straight you wake me up at
seven o'clock some fucking morning you
break the banister and Kim steals the
golf excuse me I did not break the
banister you basically pushed me into it
that's broken now you're a liar do you
want to watch this it was you your fault
did you kick him in my face like that
rich Oh Michael I'll show you crazy
you don't know crazy oh I know crazy
please just stop get her on the phone
okay my day is ruined
I'm kid I get offended don't film this I
can't keep any of this I don't want
people to know she got offended oh no
you call her I'm not at least she was a
bunch of snacks that's fine I'm good
all right they are also left this was
our fun trinket yeah I don't I don't
know the hell's that
what if chem like put that here and then
Lily it was like no mom I don't she's
been dumping you okay drink it what does
that mean I don't know I'm scared though
it's nice to question things now is was
our that's pretty bizarre this smell
like anything wine yeah like what if
Lily was trying to warn us tomatoes now
something to cut me with something in
the fridge don't drink it man Lily like
scribbled some shit before they left let
a check that's more attributes of
beverage out of this house babe don't do
that I'm sure it's fine
Michael I'm sure it's flying up come on
what CDs Michael don't know well they
know you love milk so I think you nailed
it there's nothing else in there there's
plenty in there Michael come on they're
not gonna do that
let's go through we got another gallon
of milk we got some orange juice okay
good not a little strain out Melia oh
that's gone wait the cat the thing is
never opened so we're keeping that what
is she doesn't make it wouldn't do that
exactly you know the phone is that mean
that you can't write it don't drink it
what if it means nothing you know
you're being too paranoid were you
staring at me for
I'm not damn I'm going about it bad
go sleep crab you filming me alright I
see it call me proud you're freakin crab
you know that get the camera out of my
face
crab boy not took a white I'm doing a
slip footage no you're not I am
no what do you have to what why babe
just talk to me why'd you walk in here
filming cuz I just want to talk okay
what's up you've been rude all day I'm
annoyed that you want to make this is
all been apprised it's not a praise God
no she's not she's left then how could
we haven't gone to get your car I don't
know okay I'm being pranked you're not
being pranked yes I am maybe I have to
go pick it up I don't know I was gonna
do it tomorrow it's really cold I don't
believe this
well it's true she is we don't think
about it what that was a fart what a
file how does the house is such a fail
the fart is there something you needed
yeah I want my boyfriend back I'm in
here doing stuff being a jerk
how you just saw her please go you're
mad all day it's annoying why do I not a
reason to because if it's not a break
fuck that if it is a prank whatever I'm
just tired of lasting all day Michael
I'm sorry you guys we went and got pizza
we went and got ice cream and she never
once told me if it was a prank or not
and I'm pretty sure it is it's not it
she's gone so I'm standing here with
Michael and Kim I got you I pranked you
all didn't I pranked you all day I knew
no you didn't I did no I pranked you all
day okay first of all why if it was like
some big elaborate prank cuz part of me
thinks he got you too far because I
think him was mad and left part of me
thinks that that's why no it's not sure
if it where's the footage that you shot
of Kim coming home uh camera yeah okay
it's where text anybody and say we were
coming either because we were supposed
to be home earlier but I was late yeah
and I could not find the camera didn't
prank me I did okay even if part of me
thought that part of it was real okay
the other part of me was like yeah Kim
didn't go back to New York if anything I
thought she was either I dads all right
families you know well this morning you
were really angry and I get and I broke
the banister and I embarrassed myself do
you see that Kim you need to see react
some joke on the banner he did it out of
anger I suppose this what yeah yes it's
now a danger zone oh my god okay so the
girls if you're here yeah oh my god
what's this video show this is enough
I'm gonna get out of here you guys she
didn't prank me yeah we got Kim can you
just be happy with that and then she got
revenge and I helped haha anyway part of
me wonders if we even got him if like
you this was like some elaborate ruse to
prank me did we even prank him ah yes we
pranked em about we asked him yes you
guys how about when you busted your ass
that was funny
I was very funny
we're gonna show her bruises tomorrow
anyway thanks for watching you guys
click like if you want us to film a
shooting some fireworks and hanging up a
grandpa on the coast a fourth of July or
New Year's Eve best tomorrow grandpa's
having a big party click like if you
want to see it so that's gonna be in
front of you guys thanks for watching
like subscribe favorite and that
you
