yeah I'm recording surprise oh my god
my the best boyfriend of what you're the
freaking best ever you're so getting it
later
am i yeah I like the way that sounds
me too oh they're so pretty oh happy
birthday
oh yeah it's Bill's birthday happy
birthday bill wherever you are I'm the
best okay you're the best dude ever
oh these smells so good yeah I smell
them please yes was training hands what
do you think mmm smells so good these
are so pretty thank you
most people get roses Bridget's not a
rose fan not always
I got her roses before it she was like
why I did I took it back I love all the
flowers to get me baby well you guys
there's some pretty pink today is
Valentine's Day today
we're gonna
what's going on you guys keep you out of
camera here until I see you right there
and today is Valentine's Day
guys today is Valentine's Day in today
oh we're gonna father - watch your mouth
sunshine today is Valentine's Day and
right off the bat you guys if you
haven't seen the video we upload on the
angry Grampa show channel i uploaded
angry grandpa hates Valentine's Day
check this out
tell you happy Valentine's Day dad what
for what did you get bad balls boys I
got school this year I guess that was
our date I ain't get a damn thing well
call mahom if you haven't seen it check
it out you guys the link is below angry
grandpa hates Valentine's Day but I
don't I love Valentine's Day i freakin
love alan times day guys cuz we can
you've got a dirty whorish mouth you
know Bridget there's more to this day
than having sexual intercourse more to
it okay you just making me feel bad now
there's just there's a lot more to it
like ball play and anal action happy
Valentine's Day you know even though
nothing's coming out when he does that
okay nice one doing cards face he thinks
he is yeah and that's he's like doing
all the furniture dude Felix he thinks
like he's spraying on all of our
furniture was like screw you screw your
couch a screw Valentine's Day could you
like not you see who does he's mad cause
he doesn't have a Valentine oh my god
didn't you hear a thing that I just said
Felix there's a lot more to Valentine's
Day than sex okay it's a lot more to
that like you know anal
never never happy Valentine's Day
first things first I just want to say
happy Valentine's Day to all you guys
you know hope you're having the best day
of your life ladies I hope you're
enjoying it men hope you're putting up
with it guys don't like Valentine's Day
as much as the ladies hey I could be
wrong maybe it's just me I don't know I
don't really care for Valentine's Day
though I don't care about gifts okay but
guys today's Valentine's Day so be safe
out there you know
don't drink yourself into oblivion and
burn bridges with everybody you love
okay just have a normal Valentine's Day
guys really quick I wanted to do a scene
talking about the angry grandpa
merchandise because we just had a really
successful run with the gone but not
forgotten t-shirt and a lot of people
were mad but that the shirt was gone and
I tried I talked to BB TV I asked him if
they could put it back out and they said
no that it was about a supply thing and
they couldn't order more but guys there
is another show that you can buy for a
lot longer than that was available the
angry never dies shirt guys this is
another angry grandpa memorial t-shirt I
actually got one a couple of weeks ago
it's moving it's emotional I love it if
you want an opportunity to get yourself
the angry never die shirt the link is
below you guys I'm not sure how long
this one's available for I think it's
like a month dad I'm doing everything
you asked I'm fulfilling all of all the
goals you had I never wanted to do
merchandise but you did I hope I'm
making you proud there are so much going
on with that you guys we're looking at
anger ground puck card games and plush
toys and so much in the pipeline dad
hope it's everything you wanted I get
emotional just I wish you around guys
happy Valentine's Day get yourself the
angry Never Dies t-shirt now while you
can
guys let's go open some presents Michael
thank you so so so much they're so
pretty and Michael also got me this
guy's
oh yeah that's a box of cereal from Rick
and Morty
yeah strawberry snibbles it's so cool oh
the other Rick and Morty thing I got you
these guys yeah it's just a box of
normal average box jewelry box yeah I
got Brigitte a jewelry box you guys oh I
got a tobacco box you guys yeah it's for
basically you know Irene okay
Girl Scout cookies alright was a purple
passions that one is purple fantasy
purple purple yes all your doggy's
tobacco's there sometimes are chewing
tobacco all that kind of stuff so
gorilla glue for I got a jewelry box
tobacco whatever it is yeah it is but I
raged normal box you know forget about
the box when he's gonna cut into these
strawberries hey man let's do it okay so
we can open up at the top or this has to
cut right here obviously that way so I
was like cutting into a leprechaun
snowman oh my god
ready yes cut here to gets miggles
so it's just marshmallows oh it's oh I
can smell out oh my god yeah that's all
it is
dude that's so funny here holy crap oh
this is the charms from lucky charm
that's hilarious Dale really members of
not meant to be eaten try them do what
if these are poisonous they wouldn't be
there's a place on guys so you're aware
really fast cuz we gotta address
something what this is from the other
day oh god no they're gonna say best
price hasn't come yet
sort wreckage for trash bags is all this
so old I resent the accusation that I
would have gotten this pizza before
Valentine's Day
okay shit like a heart we're just shaped
like a friggin heart Michael we gotta be
for v-day they don't just do
heart-shaped pizzas on v-day cover the
lens cover and lens we really did get
the pizza like last week you guys okay
they were doing heart-shaped pizzas for
a while alright they're still on the
diet but oh okay I'm sorry I couldn't
wrap it at I am really sorry it's
covered in a box it's all I care about
yeah right Oh Mike I really hope you
like it
sure I will I'm so nervous I don't know
what is it
full of them digging up a pirate
treasure oh my gosh street light Elfman
yes
you got me a freaking great
pure else fans yes like this thing can
be in a grocery store but do does it
come with any Purell what the hell what
the hell this is so cool
hold on what good does this do me well I
guess I have to order you a bag of
Purell now so basically I just got a
freakin Purell stand with no corral for
Valentine I'm sorry I thought you would
love it you know oddly I love it
you do I need Purell oh I feel like we
should we should like put it outside so
anyone who comes up has to use it first
I like this right and then we won't get
sick we're buying Purell you come in my
house including your hands first it
wouldn't quite be Valentine's Day
without telling you guys how much I love
you so that's what I want to do and I'm
not trying to pander I want to make sure
my pandering level is down here I just
wanted to talk about yesterday's vlog
and how much the reaction meant to me
have you didn't see yesterday's vlog we
talked about Bridget and I talked about
starting a family because that's what we
want to do because I want to be a father
I don't want to spend the rest of my
life dealing with family drama and BS
and I don't care about any of that I'm
an adult it's time to act like an adult
and and being an adult it's time to just
get my shit together time to lose weight
it's time to start a family it's time to
get married all of that stuff and I
expressed it in yesterday's vlog in it
man the reaction was more than I could
have hoped for you guys were right on
point and there are some haters and
those people how many times do I gotta
ask you to unsubscribe I don't know why
you're still here
but like so you know every time you even
dislike the video you're helping me
every time that you leave a comment
you're helping me every time you watch
the video you're helping me so why help
me just by leaving a comment that I'm
never gonna freakin read just leave
do yourself a favor guys all the ones
that were here yesterday and show the
support thank you because man it meant
so much to me it seriously it
it was everything so thank you guys I
love you I'm trying not to disappoint
you
and I'm a and I don't mean to if I do
but I love you guys and yeah thank you
so much for yesterday and met everything
happy Valentine's Day first Valentine's
Day without that I know but man I
freakin hated rather than I to stay he
hated it so much I think he hated giving
gifts cuz I mean no I don't think had
anything to do with that I think that
like what did he why did he hate it you
know it all started with the video we
uploaded today I think that was the
first hate Valentine's Day video because
like mom had just freshly divorced him
and it was the first Valentine's Day he
was alone then he was along the next
Valentine's Day yeah on the next
Valentine's Day okay then he was sort of
dating like Lauren uh yeah but then she
was there I don't guys he just hated
Valentine
yeah freakin totally hated Valentine you
stay here he set up the OkCupid profile
did I do that
no he set it up was it oh my god oh
nobody liked the picture huh how many
views weren't a Sherman
oh yeah I do oh that's doraville you
know he would have loved what music
video oh god yes you will love this he
would have been so proud of you
he would have I'm very proud of you
he used to uh I never knew this until
near the end actually he used to listen
to my music really yeah I didn't know
that
Wow like he was like you need to make
one music like wow I mean other than yo
about a boy Oh
once a week I don't know I don't know he
listened to it Wow
see he would have been very happy with
this yeah he would absolutely be
thrilled he knows it
I'm a non-believer song he's still here
I mean I'm not an atheist I'm not I'm
not I'm an agnostic which means you know
I'm open to the possibility I absolutely
believe in a spirit world uh you know I
I just find it like arrogant to say I
know one way or the other you know the
man yeah like whether I know for sure
whether I don't know for sure I'm
optimistic when I say I'm gonna see you
soon you know I'm hoping I do just not
actually soon soon is metaphorically
speaking like soon like in many years
for now maybe here are so many years
when you look at the infinite timeline
that is forever Arjun
50 years is pretty soon don't say it I
don't like hearing that
well then let's drop it okay so when is
your music video come out did you ask me
when the video comes out yeah you don't
know well okay I'm asking for the fan
they might not know Friday okay what
time you know I'm actually thinking
different this time
what do you mean so usually I upload the
aigoo grandpa's show channel around 3
o'clock and then a vlog and like 7
o'clock yeah thinking about flipping it
dude I was seriously thinking that yes
guys I think it's a great idea to do
that
Friday the music video comes out I can't
wait for you guys to see this you know
it's the biggest thing that I've ever
done and it is dropping at 8 o'clock on
Friday it is love eat sometime or 7
o'clock around Ben follow me on Twitter
you shall what Eastern guys I liked 7 7
is great I feel like eight o'clock is
when everyone's drinking but not seven
not everybody yes
certain people that's all the rest of
the day that's every single David you
know I was watching uh me and
mcjuggernuggets were facetiming last
night really and I showed them the video
and he cried on the phone Debbie and I
cried on the phone let's do this oh well
guys Friday the music video drops we're
doing the outro here in a few minutes
wait I have another question what are
you nervous nervous about what about the
video like if people will hate it or
love it the only people that are gonna
hate it are the people that are gonna be
pissed off that I did something great
people
I am so proud of you this video is
amazing I cried my freaking eyes out and
I I demanded Michael to hug me and hold
me guys I can't even see this it was so
sad best thing I've ever done
yes let's do this outro well that's
gonna be up for today you guys thanks
for watching this is not the into
Valentine's Day though okay no not yet
Valentine's 2.0 is coming tomorrow guys
and you know what else is coming
tomorrow what take a guess my album
cover what tomorrow's blog I'm tweeting
out I'm putting it out the album cover
for see you soon oh my the album cover
but the single cover guys that's gonna
be in tomorrow's vlog and by the way you
know what else is tomorrow bye see you
soon yeah guys for those of you who you
work for those of you that are confused
see you soon drops on the music video
Friday but midnight tomorrow night it's
gonna be on iTunes and Spotify and
everywhere yeah stay tuned to the
Morrow's blog yeah I'm proud to simmer
it down guys Valentine's Day 2.0
tomorrow with a little bit of album
cover
wait I've gone times say guys I love you
so much I love you guys so much happy
now
