what's going on you guys kid in a
bathroom here for to us here in the
bathroom in the bathroom right here
right now we are starting up our vlog in
the bathroom and first before we get
into anything it's still Christmas Merry
Christmas guys even though this is going
up tomorrow
we're starting our vlog today because we
got a lot to do tomorrow and I may have
to upload the vlog early so before they
think we're strange explaining them why
were in here oh right the reason we're
in the bathroom because hey I want to
try this out for the intro
I got this for Christmas today Bridget
flip off that light okay this is
actually a lamp and here we go oh ah any
day you'll be all ready okay there it is
guys the Goblet of Fire
dude that is so cool so I love it anyway
today's Christmas today we just turned
on this goblet it's not enough light
pers you won't win the big webicon
yeah sure let's look at my planets first
planets light back please this is Oh
anyway today is still Christmas and
today we're going to Denny's with
Bridget's dad yeah let's go eat us to
Brighton come one let's go eat hey Silla
wait what are you gonna give it then yes
I've been there someone I have no clue
they've been served
look let's go Denny's trying to record
this dudes license plate come on please
I can't get it zoom in i am but it's
blurry
fuck it's like it's a piece of cardboard
this is tag applied for hold on i'm
freakin turning night there's gonna be a
bitch of riding my ass
as I ran up dude that'd be funny as how
they think of the police
I don't know if you guys can see in guys
but it's a piece of wooden cardboard and
it just says freakin tag applied for as
if a cop is gonna pull behind him be
like oh never mind no no it says applied
for it he's got it handled
yeah that's great dude tag applied for
oh really really really wish the camera
I know I'm gonna try to zoom in and like
hopefully yeah fingers crossed
otherwise this guy just think we're
riding his ass come out with a shotgun
the second and blast bug so we just got
to Denny's which is the only thing open
so we're leaving the Denny's we just
pulled in actually - because Doug
bridges dad uh went to another Denny so
Bridgette texted him she was like hey
which Denny's are you going to the one
rivers Avenue or the one in Tanger
Outlets two different locations and he
just goes yes say hey Doug that's not an
answer that's helpful to us that's
funnier so where do we go from here I
don't know I think there's an interstate
it's like over here or something yeah
you're so lucky I just caught that
because I was done yeah we wouldn't
right back you would have taken the way
back to Summerville well the adventure
continues towards Denny's honest
Christmas because it's the only thing
okay yeah yeah it is that's why I don't
wanna stop recording
damn that sky is awesome yeah don't you
just love the way pollution looks is
that pollution or is it fall I don't
know get with the times North Charles
and Christmas is over we're here at the
second end so I love this one we just
got to Denny's this is where I felt my
relationship with you
what here hello this area
Oh lesion like this Denny's so why do
you have many dates at Denny's done
nothing we had a couple you remember
those red velvet ball things yeah but we
had a couple I couldn't afford much it
was like I really loved the two dates a
month I had like the money for two dates
a month you guys and this was one of
them
and I loved it so much just a warning
you guys in case anybody ever comes to
North Charleston and I've done you don't
forget that
yes I'm very good and I won't I've
actually done this before but if you
come to North Charleston just a warning
it fucking stings you know it's like
it's like we were here for so long we
never noticed it every day just came
back with sewage outside so here we are
danny's we're going in we saw always get
up there they are packed in here way
more than they used I know they like
grew like I said she bigger I said two
orders Doug and Doug gave me like a look
yeah I really knew Doug Doug knew ahead
of time so yeah they screw it up yeah
this is like a first dessert that we
both liked about madly in love with
together learn oh yeah I'm learning the
hard way here we go gosh
I'm so freakin forward me pill hi we
just got out of Denny's that was a good
suggestion Doug oh yes definitely I
haven't been here in years but I'm
coming back let me tell you that you
should come here quite a bit
Wow me and Bridget used to come here at
the beginning of the relationship we I
would have two dates a month and this is
one of the dates I'll take her on Wien
have much didn't have much money was
this in Golden Corral so I would take
your here there we go
I think it's a paper mill right no
that's this one I think it's sewage like
a busted pipe that's the swamp yeah you
got alligators right back over here so
here we are sitting here in the parking
lot of Denny's debating with a smell bit
I think it's a busted pipe for many
years I think it's the paper bill that's
never been your too far from the paper
mill so then it's a swamp yeah that's
just crazy
well it's things that castles are you
Michael what swamp me that's you okay
I'm not having an kidding today called
you rejected Merry Christmas
this is a nice Denny's yeah it really
was and also there's a double tree
Hilton right there which is also a
really nice hotel a free in law of
Hilton you know y'all gonna be honest or
something what it's other thing I'm like
confessing somebody go any confess I be
honest what you guys know uh you would
think that a hotel like let me ask you
Doug a hotel right on Times Square you
could film him when I'm talking to him
by the way a hotel right in Times Square
you would think would be loud as fuck
yeah it's crazy
the Muse that was staying when I stayed
it when I was in New York completely
sound I think some of the best sleeps on
my life you're lying
no it was totally worth frickin lie and
silent some of the best sleeping of my
life holy shit
yeah never slept in the hotel where I
slept that good
never never it's a freaking motel with
fluffy pillows and a nice bed best sleep
I ever had was in a truck
really what in a drug what does that
mean
Doug's like oh whatever slips on the
stove for Dawn
that's like my life the vibration in the
truck violin but right to sleep what I
feel I feel like that would be the worst
yeah I know it's a horrible sleep like
Doug's gonna sleep back that's like a
horrible sleep
no that's sleep in the world I don't
believe I think he's just saying it when
I had my truck I used to take you to
load steel coils before I can make it to
steel plant you'd be asleep in the bunk
I don't remember so it never happened
your bridges in a bunk across country
and a covered do your hops again I was
running not quite that bad time tight
baby go Brady's missing and he winked
his eye in farting Oh Carla oh my gosh I
don't know why
trash to both of our presence babe I'm
doing the kitchen and I just got to do
some dishes and wipe out the counters
the kids cats all those how to do the
kitchen counters and white wall think
the kitchen is the worst part I'm gonna
do real life babe it's just paper trash
just put it in a bag why are you being
such a bitch oh yeah I'm not yelling at
you
there's a last breath you're being such
a little bitch oh my god because just
Michael you're not even cleaning oh good
I gave you two great sounds going on
here yes if you could take a break
wait what ten minutes now God Michael
pick up some damn trash I think once you
take over joking pick up such as you
hear yeah and you know you said you've
only been doing it for ten minutes
I didn't write back I need to practice I
can't I'm taking a damn break why would
you do that you make me mad
get over while you hear how she got
don't everybody today that I clean the
whole house for myself no one's gonna
believe you oh you're so the alternate
your lab you don't have any credibility
I'll do the intro go ahead bitch see
what happens Michael I'm filming this
yeah yeah yeah where's your credibility
now babe recording what are you talking
about babe I'm going to edit this vlog
so die in here what's in there your
boasted face such a bullshit thanks not
hey you all you guys today brain just
woke up I don't clean
you know what I'm fucking done with us
I'm sorry my phone oh we need to clean
up
we desperately need to clean my friends
Ryan we're running out of time I'm
trying okay are you gonna spoil
everything
but talking too damn much because you do
this that's you and yeah you do this
nothing I'm gonna smash the camera no
can we just both agree to leave all this
shit sitting here and go to Denny's
again no how about this we clean and
this place looking good we will go to
Denny's after bitch you call me bitch
sorry I was Christmas now I was in the
moment
look that was a lie yeah I love
Christmas - how for the lens now oh oh
babe oh hell and the car I do pray what
do you want something you know I'm gonna
snap it away okay so you know how we
have a space light in the bathroom and
everyone thinks it's a camera
yes so if you guys don't know okay we
have a nightlight in our bathroom and it
shows play on it people come into the
bathroom and think we're filming oh well
how it is there's something worse than
that
what bb8 looks like a camera he really
ended up going light on it so we can
never and I was think I'll put it in the
bathroom so I can charge my phone let's
just see how our look
Oh guys it's AG light still glowing what
the hell they're devlins oh my god this
is funny as how
Hey look planets oh this was oh my god
okay so this is somebody going to our
house we just use the bathroom
are you tired what I'm looking at oh I
mean what if this isn't looking at me be
a little interactive here oh okay let's
do it you do the whole thing sit you're
rude be interactive I'm setting sampling
a minute on the camera okay love I'm
sorry the you have no camera skills
don't you dare say that shit to me bitch
Parker zip can you please just come back
and film for us you ready nice bro sorry
say you don't mean I don't mean it but
you had a turtle it'll never be like
what's he's looking at was it Laurie it
was blurry for a minute
Parker would never okay it's your camera
that's your fault
okay stop when I keep another ready she
just kicked me god we should film that
ready yeah push it my poor sick they're
sick oh you these funny film people huh
well let me tell you something
see you got it yes now put it back in
the kitchen yeah I don't really want a
USB charger right here anymore
good let's put the other p.m. around it
guys planner are you guys I had to take
a second for this vlog in it and I
didn't want to have to do this but we
just got some news we were waiting for
the past week to find out
and this is not I told you guys
yesterday we had an announcement this
vlog that's not this this is not an
announcement in fact the announcements
now going to wait until tomorrow's vlog
uh so you guys do hey come here she
don't wanna be up here with us
so last year what was this year maybe
yeah I know it was maybe Lobster that is
too long to figure that out you're
sitting like five minutes Wow um so
earlier this year or last year Bella had
cancer right here you see the scar yeah
so she had a tumor removed from her
little wrist and the other day well it
was about two weeks ago I was rubbing
her face come on girl I know you don't
like men he messed with and somewhere
around here is can't see it but there's
a little lump right here and I was like
oh no we need to get you know get this
checked out
and the next day the lump was like the
size of a baseball right now was a size
like a Little Rock about that big and
then it was like this big and we were
like okay what's going on I thought it
was like a swollen gland so we took her
to the vet and the vet told us it was
what is it a massed tumor mast cell
tumor a mast cell tumor and she was
saying that whenever it expands it
releases histamine yeah
and so she sort of taken antihistamine
and they took blood work and it's cancer
so it said I'm trying I'm not trying to
shit so finished oh so she's getting
surgery for it and it's a it's a bad
tumor but she could still get surgery he
said we found it early when yeah
whenever it expands it releases
histamine into her blood which is uh
like allergens and cancer cells but we
found it early found it early so they're
gonna next week is surgeries next week
to remove it
yeah so next week we're getting surgery
I didn't want to say anything last
because I don't want to ruin anybody's
Christmas I didn't want you guys to
worry about Bella but we found out today
she asking a surgery next week she does
have cancer in her little face so you'll
be alright though you had a pause no
she's like I'm you're done with us can I
be Paul I'm just so thankful I was found
early yeah
like really it could have been so much
worse I feel like luckily she does not
like to invest oh I know
let me just go so and I guess I'll find
out if she needs like chemo treatments
after I don't know hopefully not
hopefully I'm gonna go through all that
again she was miserable I know so her
cancers back uh she'll be okay though
you'll be all right big girl you love
you Bella we're here for you YouTube
loves you too even those accounts are
gonna say Bella behind a mast cell - oh
yeah they love you - big girl don't read
the comments yeah don't rehab so bridget
is implying that I look kind of stupid
no she's like you should probably
clarify that you know benadryl is
antihistamine I just said Bell I just
had Bella's taking antihistamine was i
wrong by saying that no what the fuck
I'm not calling you
what are you talking about I don't know
you're making it some way worse than it
is
I gotta call you stupid so leash I not
had done this scene at all
probably not cuz it's fine she's taking
Benadryl to it I guess counteract the
history okay is that right hey sorry for
crying you guys I'm a bitch no oh my
gosh I you know I've been crying so much
lately Bridget I almost ruined Christmas
I don't know right I'm not gonna say
that that's horrible I almost dead bail
hey hey Bella mother she's like bite my
favorite again dude why I freaked ever
castilla scans I guess I would too look
oh my nose is gone nobody loved you so
much anyway you're right girl well
that's gonna be a predator guys thanks
for watching sorry for crying you guys
apologize it's been really hard thinking
about it it's you know we've been living
with it since before Christmas
uh I mean why do we were able to tell
you guys now I nearly ruined Christmas
that was true Bridget was like in
hysterics
dude no I was sure cephalic Bridget we
got a vlog you please you can't cry on
vlog you can't be so anyway I'm gonna
get out of here thanks for watching you
guys we got a surprise for grandpa
coming really soon really soon I don't
have a watch on else list of signifies
with Milan really I do not really soon
so thanks for watching you guys
like subscribe favorite fall on
everything for to us and let us know in
the comments 10 times what you think the
big surprise hey guys guys let us know
in the comments 15 times and like five
times who you think is it surprise also
let me know your Twitter account and I
might follow you me too but you have to
leave it like five or six times and I'll
promise I am gonna I really am gonna
follow some yeah but yeah I can't follow
all of them cuz it's just too many but I
will follow about look like you have a
bought it account yeah that's true and
yeah we don't anyway like subscribe like
you know those like Twitter accounts
that you
get notified about you look they follow
a hundred thousand at 100 I'm like fuck
you guy I won't follow you know anyway
why subscribe I blocked them I bought
okay we're going to off the rails like
sky may Bret is glory come on everything
for two eyes and Merry Christmas guys
