what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here for to us here right there
and today is Christmas days Christmas oh
my god is her favorite holiday today is
Christmas and today that's it for the
intro Merry Christmas I hope you guys
had a happy Christmas and wait what may
kiss us guys do you want a little speech
first you could do yours after I love
you guys I hope you're safe and have a
good Christmas and you know it's not
about what you got you know there's some
people I saw people tweeting me said
they did you know I didn't get anything
forget it's not about what you get it's
about the people you celebrate it with
so have a good Christmas you guys and
that's the end of this intro I mean how
can i top that you shouldn't even try
hey Christmas guys I really hope
everyone had a good it was covered like
half of that happy christmas all you
guys and manatees you spend it with hey
yeah
Merry Christmas guys and I hope everyone
had a great Christmas I mean shouldn't
have done it mom was a sec superior
y'all make Christmas hell I want to open
get me to to shut up and cover a nothing
gift right now okay even though Bell is
out let's pretend that we're just coming
out for the first time okay okay whoa
whoa shit
Felix is going under the tree right now
oh my gosh
so this stuff right here is actually
going to dad's house but all and there's
some stuff under here we forgot to ship
to Kim yeah we need to do that nice job
so we're the worst I swear we're so
horrible you're ruining my Christmas
here let me get us off oh whoa look at
all this stuff
oh I'm gonna open the stocking the
stocking is last wait I'm telling you
what I always get to there soggies first
I'm telling Bridget what she's opening
honey you'll get this
hey hey Clyde Clyde okay what's in the
stocking oh I love stalking
my mom made these cries okay so it
didn't matter which is which okay it's
all idealist talking I hate the texture
oh my gosh but tough stuff your stocking
now
Riley's okay oh my gosh oh shit oh wow
oh cool okay the Triwizard Cup that is
so cool
I don't know that existed that's
immediate one thing I want made up like
real glass and stuff oh my gosh I'll
check for sure that's awesome the
Triwizard Cup that is so neat it's way
cooler in person
what a cute mess oh who cares I'm trying
to avoid making a mess on Chris yeah who
cares - Bridget what was this Oh
slither burnisher Oh hands cool like
stylish you should put him on yeah I
will
so I'm wearing they're so cute
this right here is one front Chris he
sent it to me who told you the story
that he and his wife got presents for us
and they agreed to get something to
annoy each other with hey so your gift
is something annoying and she actually
got me something nice
yeah holy cow
oh wow the unofficial Harry Potter
cookbook that's pretty cool
I wanna probably blood sausage and stuff
me there's stuff in Harry Potter man
look at the pages that's really awesome
some kind of crazy parchment strawberry
and peanut butter ice cream cones I
remember the meeting that in Harry
Potter that is cool not fuck the mess
right of course
thank you Chris you should scoot up a
little one oh my god told me half my
head was like yeah that's better
if it's a war me older man like what's
wrong with your head why is it on fire
he's gotta choose this area no brush Oh
perfect
Hey Oh
Bridget why do you think I like Harry
Potter so much Oh
so this hit the earth fantastic beasts
glassware and they have spells on them
oh cool okay no Madge stupefy Accio and
obliviate Oh awesome
I gotta have koto not coke but cocoa out
of this yeah it's an cauldron you were
like okay how do we like Harry Potter
know these guys hey buddies cool cool
that is cool that is an awesome
and photographing is almost complete
your boxes are shipped in chef that's
pretty funny
that's one she that is funny
no people who don't know that is from
the office he always does that's what
she said
so obviously she said that oh my gosh
that's cool
yes I didn't know they made that Wow
thank you oh my god that is so cute so
guys there's two things you can tell we
like the office Harry Potter yeah that's
what my family thrives oh my god that's
awesome oh I was like hope huh oh my god
that is so cool go Bridget a Hopsin
shirt freakin love it Hobson forever L
is awesome holy shit
I wanted to get a frickin bridge really
wants this 20th anniversary PlayStation
Oh find the damn pain oh Jesus guys that
is don't easy yes
oh please tell me doesn't work our needs
batteries
yeah please thank God my Christmas will
be ruined
holy crap yeah I got it I gotta find a
way to make I'm so again woken up by
this thing dude you so are this is so
cool how do you put batteries in it
though okay bridges last gifts right
here
I just rid one rat job we like art so
there's Joel that is oh so look let's go
together oh my god this does forever
this is so cool Michael yeah Roy Bridget
loves arc I love art yeah oh my gosh
these are cool thank you you're welcome
Merry Christmas wait no we have mass and
I got us two these Monday tomorrow oh
thank you come to like the badges that
that gives them cool I was starting to
be cool
taking a eutectic oh yeah nothing like
Leslie he didn't like it well yeah thank
you
I pull all my stuff I love it The Wizard
of Oz yeah sure wow I did not expect
that in that box
yeah Bosch shoved him in there boy
what's that shirts I just wear bad
probably a fridge so oh right that's
cool very cool
I got four of those shirt
oh shit Sepultura remember that name
shirt words a lot of your roots that's
the same one yeah hell yeah I remember
that Shh is a favorite high school shirt
yeah oh really yeah what I had other one
had an orange thing right here but it's
still the shirt yes
wow that's really cool before I'm not
ready to do I gave him this shirt for a
tour of Slayer shirt man it was the
worst deal ever
Panthera that were I remember I'm
Stretch Armstrong before oh yeah I'm in
the target really is it hits here far
beyond rivet actually was like a few
different ones cowboys male far beyond
driven Great Southern Trendkill cowboy
hell oh that's awesome as shit oh hell
damn oh yeah hit the jack
easier to shop or boring shit we found
she like wasn't a boss four days ago
epic oh shit was in love we're going to
10,000 days tool that's the shit bags
man oh she's loaded worship is what
that's what she said that's what she
yeah that's what yeah the frickin Blue
Man ah ah ha I'm afraid I prematurely
blew myself away out of a mess on my
head ha ha ha hey brother
oh yes he my khalil of Arrested
Development it's our thing no one else
didn't care about arrest no no one else
seems to give it fridge I try something
I like it actually
so this is from grandpa and Lauren to
Bridget
okay so you get oh hell yeah
Oh my gift card to hos Chop House oh
that is the best holy shit
well we got to go there soon oh my god
absolutely
Christmas is over wait till next year we
got a whole bunch of stuff boring bunch
like your shit yeah Charles
so how is grandpa's not sad I know that
he said I just think he's not sad as
hell he's in there he just doesn't want
to be bothered and I'm not gonna bring
the camera in his face and we don't
gonna be bother but maybe you got talk
today hey he didn't ruin Christmas
no I'm gonna talk to him don't don't
tell me oh good luck babe he's not
everything that's wrong yeah oh no you
just know he's just not in the Christmas
spirit
and maybe by being in there he's not
destroying the tree out there yeah hey
get some coping mechanisms Laura nice
job he's learning how to cope with it it
feels like you know what if I'm out
there I'm showing it shit I'm in there
I'm alright alright dad
yeah well we told you what we got home
tomorrow so we're gonna have to try to
pet them up before 10:00 we got a big
surprise for grandpa tomorrow it's going
to be a video big surprise big big
surprise
big big big surprise I gave enough
biggest big bass best mini pigs you just
fall just wallrock yeah anyway we
getting huge we're gonna make grandpa
great again no it's it's a big surprise
it's a little loud I'm gonna shut up now
anyway Merry Christmas you guys I don't
know if we're leaving thanks for the
gifts grandpa hey you don't want to hear
that Thank You Lawrence are you telling
me said thank you that's awesome yeah
Lauren is a is a huge
Wizard of Oz fan may cause grading makes
a beetle can make a great grater
they're fast they never stopped being
great so there's another one but Lauren
says she wants dad to see me open it
because you know and he's not feeling
well so maybe tomorrow or something so
Wow oh wow and this cool that's awesome
uh yeah a lot of pictures are from
half-blood Prince is so close I just
follow along the story of art is what's
happening with your hug oh I've never
heard of these yeah they're so cool
I'm a farmer so just like so cool though
they really are like a companion for the
movies yeah oh my god that is awesome
it is these are truly really cool oh
dude I wanted this oh wow wow the Bryan
Cranston book a life in parts oh my god
amazing dude thank you I was wanting to
read this really badly Wow Harry Potter
like it even better go throw that is
cool yeah awesome I feel like that would
look awesome on the couch that is so
cool it is very cool you don't not even
get an invisibility cloak oh my god I
know not I'm aware I'm not going to go
in a bit but I've looked babe this is
cool
I don't want dressed for this thing I'm
staying
whoa Wow Lauren managed to find shit
that I didn't know existed I know right
me too holy crap oh this is really cool
I must see it it just shows you like all
the stuff Wow you a snack the pixie part
is so right now we are in the process of
cleaning up this huge Christmas mess for
home yeah and Bridget just found the
note those attached to her megaphone
good read
Bridget merry Christmas to you although
we haven't officially met and spoken to
each other we've heard amazing things
about you from Michael and love you from
YouTube what have you said good things
this is to Chris right yep
we figured you'd get enjoyment from
torture - Michael and I will trust me
I'm throwing it no sorry Chris but I'm
destroying it what are you thinking
Chris these dogs gonna hate Chris big
why don't you told him about me
what do you mean though I love you and
they you're awesome now I'm taking it
all back right I love you when you're
not awesome you say stuff like that
about me yes absolutely not okay
Christmas is over so yeah love you
thanks Chris Christmas you know you guys
I know this blogs been mostly present
opening and you're gonna have a regular
vlog tomorrow including a prank on
grandpa we had a lot to go on to be more
present opening tomorrow get into that
later I'm sorry that that this is you
know just a present vlog but it's
Christmas this is our lives and we
didn't do anything entertaining I
apologize so this is a 20 minute present
opening book oh my gosh that is so funny
I hope grandpa feels better tomorrow I
do too oh yeah
doesn't probably can't actually prank on
oh yeah but this is a good prank though
it's a great friend so hope no matter
what if he he'll put him in a good mood
so anyway that's thanks for watching you
guys we're gonna get out of here I hope
you enjoyed the vlog if you did it like
I said tomorrow regular vlog we just
didn't do anything entertaining because
there's so many freaking prizes to open
oh yeah dad stopped by and brought me
that other present send here right back
so I told you guys at grandpa's house
there was one more present and dad
wanted to see me open it here it is oh
it's so cool there's a bunch of warrants
I'm Harry Potter let's hear we got
Dumbledore James Potter Harry Potter
book look you don't care okay oh you all
i care is been a harry potter chris
crucial oh my gosh i just said her
betaab and then they you see the harry
potter bed this blog ain't over folks so
in case some of you guys were wondering
what's going on a grandpa because people
gonna say why did any want to be there
for presents etc is he in a bad mood
well you guys you got to understand his
mom died Christmas Day 1999 so some
Christmases he's gonna blow his top some
Christmases he's just wants to be left
alone some bad back Christmases involved
last year was a great Christmas he was
really happy this year we went to her
grave and I guess sort of sparked you
know it resonated something inside him
so you know I understand why he's upset
right now and I understood while I was
there I went in the room we talked for
about 10 minutes I you know that's
what's wrong with Grandpa case you guys
were wondering his mom died you know 17
years ago today and that's something
that will always be with him and he's in
a bad mood about he maybe he'll still be
in a bad mood tomorrow but this was a
haunting day for him so that's what's
wrong with Grandpa case you were
wondering
but he didn't ruin Christmas that's a
good thing because sometimes he takes
that sadness and turns into rage I know
only anyway let's keep this bed okay you
guys time to put the Harry Potter stuff
these crowns go oh my god Michael it's
time for Harry Potter stuff baby yeah we
have a Harry Potter bed I can't believe
Birch's letting me do this
it's like it's like if I asked her to
get a racecar bed and she did it
Oh would you do it well I love the movie
is at least I just need to read the book
you know if you don't read the book I'll
have a new girl for my next present okay
I will absolutely read the series of
2017 got it good good good lord either
push the bed back here I got fixes bad
baby man I'll get on that side we're
gonna cover the lens yeah so what is all
this well those are pillow cases and
those are also fill occasions
so which pillow case do you want I don't
choose yeah that's like asking me which
are I want to write with well you're
right-handed right
that was a stupid analogy okay that's
like asking me what pizza place I want
water from but you hate most okay
it's just I can't choose okay it's like
asking me which Harry Potter book is my
favorite whoa
I don't know why don't you get extra
pillows all right you guys we just put
all the Harry Potter stuff on here you
ready for this it's so cool boom I love
it Bridget Lewis you guys even the sheet
do that even Clause exciting even
collide loves it Wow look at that though
Hogwarts crest on that it's got a sheet
it's got a sham it's got everything
that's awesome
sham Ninh know try something any way I
can do an expected patronum thing
aspecto by trying
ah this is the Elder Wand so I mean
business
oh shit I never back away from you stop
it I love you and I'm crushing out that
wasn't the killing curse Oh what was it
that's it oh my god
holy shit why isn't that parody here so
Chelsea gave me an elf wig and said hey
wear this Shannon and I said oh you're
not gonna tell Shannon what to do and I
said oh what no that was what I said but
I just love Christmas
Hey well that's gonna be it for today
guys thanks for watching we were gonna
end in about ten minutes ago but here we
are
so anyway I'm so happy you love it I
love all that stuff so Thank You Bridget
for a good Christmas thank you for the
best Christmas thank all you guys for
always being there and helping us you
know reach all of our goals and just
being there and you've made Christmas
really special for us
dad I'm sorry you weren't you know
feeling too good but hope hopefully you
feel better tomorrow thanks for all the
Christmas stuff I love it Lauren thank
you thanks everybody
yeah everything was awesome awesome I'm
gonna miss all the love that comes with
Christmas and tomorrow everybody hates
everybody
no anyway I love you and like subscribe
hey follow everything for to us and that
is it we're in first I want to Merry
Christmas kiss
