what's going on you guys kids you got a
camera here Bridger was here and today
no don't say I can't I want to hear it
work and today I'm standing next to
don't say Shannon you guys I told
everybody to click like can I do
something else like I've gotten I've
done the Michelle and I've been made fun
of it for ages I did it twice people
still use it to make fun of me they
thought now I'm gonna be a new female
character Shannon and I just can't I
just can't I really can't and we got
cookies to make got the cookie cutters
okay I get it okay you guys today with
the vlog you can revert back to if we
ever use the term Shannon and people
don't know what we're talking about whoo
Shannon because sometimes I call
Bridgette is Shannon when she's really
overtly Christmas so let me at least
have let me explain it to you one more
time Shannon is a heavyset woman I guess
should have had to be heavyset yeah our
version is heavyset Shannon really loves
Christmas and baking cookies and taking
care of her family and oh my god she has
the most mom car ever oh yeah
imagine a mom car something like these
and she drives and it's got deer antlers
and a Rudolph nose okay I'm done with
this I got a dress up like this I think
so from now on if somebody's like what
Shannon revert people to this video
because we're about to meet her Oh
Shannon my best friend see this first we
haven't even had a time to even look at
the wig what it's wrong can I not to do
it if it's wrong
oh you got to do it what Oh
is this fine to have you know I think
you need to not have glasses and no
beard oh I got like dramatically worse
yeah oh you see you so cute Oh bitch
like this this is let me talk to your
manager haircut
oh I said a large you gave me a small I
said fries you gave me potato wedges can
I speak to the manager
epic yaha Bella oh you feel like she
would worry oh my gosh babe I wish you
could see like the side view god no it's
really bitchy and very Shannon and this
has to go that has to go well can I do
it absolutely not
come on we're girlfriends no take it off
for a second it's going back away okay
why the hell worse all of a sudden so -
bitch I hate this way don't get all of
your hair yeah I only get hair on the
hair yeah I know mustache - yes
shit
I hate Shannon babe
I love Shannon yes you are Shannon she's
my girl she's you oh my god man thank
you like a bitch okay
you look more like a um like a Trish
okay am I gonna do this or not
oh my god Michael it's not funny
oh my god what is that
cooking Abel oh are we baking cookies
now I'm getting dressed now I'm not
sharing yet okay stop it
trash oh my god don't call me trash okay
popular wins you can't show the entire
process we gotta be surprised propagate
rez so there's gotta be a funny idea to
show me putting on the makeup oh god a
camp in Michelle's makeup job it has
banana because baby you only using
Michelle's makeup right I'm using it
I've already acknowledged it it can't be
the same makeup job that we give
Michelle okay michelle has overly red
rosy cheeks and Shannon want to do that
okay so then I should do your lips I'll
do the lips I know how to put on
lipstick
dear okay this is like our face rashes
but it's not over the top right now I
wonder your lips I went through my girls
makeup okay she needs some sort of thing
for I okay yeah give me eye makeup here
this an Indian lips why is that first
because I want to do your lips Christ
okay yeah if you do it over the top and
wipe them up and do it
how can I do your lips in your like this
I'm not supposed to do that though so
you did it no you do this like something
like that alright I brought together
many treasures enough that's it yes
isn't enough I'm giving you seven lip
gloss damn it is there not red enough
rub together wonder why so much rub
together
can I taste it yeah the happen
she's like screwing with me right no you
really did give it too much you did know
I didn't alright I'll look for more more
what me no this is really starting to
suck
turn around girl stop this bull good
you're so pretty
here shit babe you look like it I'm
clear and hey hey you're making me mad
it's just a fraidy Charlotte whoa it was
the Hat we're fixing to cut it so I can
get dressed the next scene the segment
is going to begin where I am going to be
full Shannon brothers gonna mediate
we're gonna do we have a skit we're
gonna be doing it that way so mom get
ready for your cue I gotta get dressed
okay
this is embarrassing good you need some
tampons happy shit
hey guys so today you guys are gonna
meet aunt Shannon
on watch else more don't want biscuit
out hi
well your mother told me you were coming
Oh mr. prime well you're just in time
for cookies yeah okay you're just in
time for your favorite white chocolate
chip chocolate yes come here
oh I love you too sweetie hey Jo
mr. with Thanksgiving what about you oh
well I was out of town unfortunately
don't those look good
damn Hey oh you watch the language in my
house I'm sorry aunt Jenna so how are
you I'm doing good there's Michael
Michael at home playing alien isolation
baby what's me what's that it's like a
it's like a scary game the up boys in
those video games we won rest for a
sighting probably get them off they cool
before you can well catch me up have you
seen my earrings oh those are so cute
just don't emerge from the tree
oh just ornaments a tree can I get you a
glass of milk with your cookies
sure
when we're all having milk oh my god is
I'm sorry but we do got it oh my god
always got eggnog I make him stock up on
it oh my god you love it I love akin on
sooner wait I'm in in it doesn't really
go cookies though but it's okay hey he
goes with Christmas that is so true
Michael calm forget that video game he's
just he's just not into Christmas not
into Christmas now you know neither is
hang Wyatt
have I ever told you hang started a
Christmas Wyatt I don't know I talked
this but he used to be a fanatic oh my
god he used to sell Christmas sweaters
for a living and then we met he as a
matter of fact his mom told me he
stopped liking Christmas in 1982 why you
want you know that's actually the year
we met are you serious yeah a year we
met he stopped liking Christmas that's
so sad
it's are you with him well he's Hank
yeah some of these outta coffee here
okay that's not so good don't they
mm-hmm well I was gonna be making some
for a rummage sale next week I want to
try out the recipe I'm hoping that win
first prize I'm not kind of confident in
the recipe but not entirely so you want
to help
so hey okay so let me show you what to
do sweetie and don't don't don't take my
picture I'm not alright look you like
really good hi YouTube
I really
gonna hey I don't know I tell you I'm
being bratty sorry I'll take the little
and use oh no you just plop it down
there no you think I never done this
before
I know I know your cookies are good
though
well they better be
so anyway I'm doing me you just pop it
on man that's a little oh shit okay tres
give that pick your character now we're
getting back into character right now
give me a second I see you laughing at
me I'm not laughing dancing okay so
anyway I was driving down the street
earlier and I don't like it I hate this
oh no Shannon shut up Bridget stop it
I was going good for a couple minutes I
know okay I got it so I was driving down
the street earlier and I heard a new
song though I'm drunk of that go it was
something like Oh No
get it together Shannon was that song
Cato's you have okay so Michael you know
about that how I'm laying her sigh
anyway something like that but anyway
was it was catchy it was catchy I'm
gonna play for Hank huh nice that's uh
yeah sort of Michael's favorite songs
oh is it favorites like ever Wow no it
isn't James stupid puppet
he doesn't like stuff like haha I know
Michael no no yeah Michael doesn't like
that so he doesn't like drink some way
so anyway let me tell you about this
recipe can I look let me tell you about
this recipe okay yeah it's time to get
some Sun okay sweetie
smacking you know no piss off shouts Ari
that's not Channel
okay anyway let me tell you about this
recipe no Vindi now I know everybody
thinks it's my recipe but actually I've
got it and I think think was 92 oh no I
met I got it from Phil Schiffman so it
couldn't have been ninety to ninety soup
anyway I got around 93 94 but anyway
everybody likes them you want to try
some of these yeah he's cooking for now
take a cookie we go ahead and fill you
back up on eggnog you're fresh top
sweetie
mmm I love it you want to write the
making I can't do it I can't can't
imagine anyway
go ahead and grab yourself a little cook
see these are the siliceous yeah they're
really good
these cookies are good yeah Shannon
wrong with you did you get it yo enough
no oh yeah
dear Bunga I know you're not no one what
else did I do we make a fast food we
gotta go see grandpa yeah let's go Jen
look at the lights how fast up
everything I'm gonna do the whole cake
at all time yes babe Shannon Trish am i
Shannon or my Trish you're Shannon
because these lights are making your
crazy in those baby are you serious
be if you didn't get it went over your
head okay I don't care oh I see what
you're saying yeah anyway we're going
into Grandpa's house right and so what
are the ideas to piss him off yeah piss
him off oh my gosh how's my hair oh let
me fix that babe all right
it's like in my fucking eyes I feel like
Shannon would like hair in our eyes well
you need to look like so oxygen walking
yeah hey boys get in shit on ya hey ba r
hi Charlie hi yeah
this is Shannon yeah you know what may
got it give you gonna forget my best
friend a hook get away hi yeah
I just came to see you I wanna snake
were you doing what is this in these
classes are you doing that this is
Shannon I was coming to see Charlie I
said what do you mean have you evolved
it no I lost none of the love I have for
you good God Almighty
well how everybody how do you do next
well have you fan what happens next is
up to you big boy I'll be dead they
never a baby yeah you must surely go
street your finger meals are filthy and
you've gotta stop what did I tell you
about smoking here on earth what did I
tell you no
more hey horse bookie
you gotta get my hands up you know what
good are you
Shannon is right about everything sheets
on anyone so I know why should she in
any way that word what so what is this
what do we have here
uh his eyes are so bad that he musician
glasses those are he needs that to read
hey guys stop why don't I tell you what
smokin Charlie you nose up
you need cash up street Shannon we could
love oh I can't do a fucking laugh okay
I'm dressed up like Shannon haha
what do you matter brother hey she with
the fuck charlie hey I'm gonna go see
your son okay did you leave me so mean
fucking things up okay Shannon shut up
man - you are you hello there oh shit oh
look it's uh Oh festive what is rope
with this outfit you can just lay on
your back in Washington so look I was
told you're looking for a girl friends
mmm yeah I'm looking for a boyfriend you
kidding yeah nice line now you okay
Shannon I'm sorry buddy some help on the
bed baby mansion destiny you know that I
can break the spell
there's no mistletoe in here so I need
mistletoe sweetie
yeah you can't sorry yeah medic man are
you all right man
man everyone asked me to click they told
people to cook like dress up like
Shannon yeah and Here I am
ha ha ha I call like Shannon touchet but
I try oh boy
yeah we are definitely gonna party we're
just going there yeah
Oh our dad wants to get I can get
pregnant so you know I'm not barren yet
oh I'm more interested in the Sun woo
damn Shannon take down here we pick that
up for you oh I can see you Chris and
Falls Shannon so havior hey yeah ok sure
what I got whoa what the hell is okay
okay
thumbnail what the hell dude hey now
Shannon's got the knife Shannon you
don't sound like Shannon oh no I've got
the knife everybody okay don't threaten
women I'm threatening I'm stating a fact
Michael okay I did it okay
Michael I'm home dad I've hit on Charles
hey mom dad ooh dad looks like a Shannon
I think you married ridiculous Charlie
put the ring on somebody else B Shannon
more you gonna hold ChopShop no no way
how do you look like
man pulls it off look like I'm Nancy Oh
God yeah the best
Lucic drink it down when he was doing
like totally kayo I feel like feel like
frickin damn I don't know Bieber so
Bieber hound
notice somebody that douchey air in the
eyes looking on man talk like a server
you'll pull it off right oh yeah so I
hit the hit the barrel in Psalm very
good dad no oh come on now that's a good
knife - that's it that's a that's a now
we're gonna do some damage that's a go
all the way through your throat knife oh
no I really want to see you with the
wiggle world tank only thing ain't
nothin please dad
shit that'd be really funny oh shit but
I don't think it's going up pull ahead
and put it on right here are you doing
don't stab you don't have your own phone
for one don't stab the wig I need the
wig he cares so I did it okay I'm still
gonna stay at the house you want us to
leave that bad once you touch it food
once you put it on I let you kiss my ass
I try dad I just wanted to see it in
your head you would not a wooden you
would give a change on a kind of a wig
Gallagher I'll go too far so what really
is this if I virtual reality's my phone
my eyes look goodness I can see
everything clearly
haha joke so it was the same time
virtual reality okay do you use it well
that's gonna wait I got messed up well
that's gonna be it for today you guys I
told you I would be me Shannon
yeah Oh Shannon come here girl
oh wait a minute that's also your an
right eye and a girl Oh girls fine but
I'm your aunt she kissed her and she
liked it oh the taste of my hair we that
way
so anyway Oh anyway I'm Michael again
that's what we're here for today you
guys thanks for watching I told you guys
to click like and I would be sure now if
somebody asked you who Shannon here you
go
like subscribe favorite on everything
for to us and that's it ah no wait wait
one-one more
you
