what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here vigil is here right there
and today I want to go drive that test
the only thing yeah that's right well
that's perfect because we got to go to
grandpa's so you're driving to grab a
veg I have to grandpa's we're driving to
grandpa's house and I'm about to cover
the lens now because I know you don't
care about watching an intro right now
those are so fun though
hey everybody intro hey guys covering
the lens inter over a lot of people
wanted to see the Tahoe I showed it yes
right but the camera quality was so crap
that I didn't really show up so here we
go
having a gander it is so shiny how long
so doesn't look new huh how long till it
doesn't look new anymore
I don't know but I'm getting in a car
wash tomorrow tomorrow already get
tomorrow already you've already set up a
car wash for tomorrow yeah we're at
where we going um they're coming here
huh mom told me said this super cool
that it's called like mobile car wash so
I googled that and I made an appointment
and they're coming here to wash my cars
are you serious I swear it's like the
same price as if you go to like and they
come to your house and they come to your
house this piece of crap
you know hey don't call it a piece of
shit no I love this I love this car so
much but it's so dirty inside so it's
gonna be clean tomorrow cool
she's only blink I'm like rapidly what
is that like an awkward it's like why
are you still found man yeah well we're
getting this piece of shit washed and
this beautiful bastard okay I love
Michael yeah I do too and I'm saving it
just very safe wreck so wait a minute
are we going to Grandpa's house in the
car or Leigh Tahoe Tahoe yeah Tahoe I
don't I get a hug I thought I got the th
and that's what you are I was calling
you a ho that's what I was saying oh I'm
a ho yeah
so here is the back there is the broom
that Bridget bought last hey guys I only
bought why is he did you buy it - not
even bring it inside
I bought it because I wanted to drive
somewhere so she bought a broom and it's
just chilling yeah what did this stuff
come from I bought a dog bed and dog
food dog bed dog food wrapping paper and
a broom I gotta take this in so I don't
do what I always do in my other car
leave everything inside we already have
you've got a dog food sitting here you
got a broom sitting it if you ain't
bringing the broom inside chances are
you're not bringing the dog food in I
have to well do you like the car I love
it so much this is too much
alright gonna get a shot of me looking
all cool in it ah you could have
freaking killed me it's not funny sorry
this thing is so hard to get into babe I
know to fill me this is how I got to get
into it ready yeah alright aha
I'm gonna get to it come on baby you got
this I think I need one of those like
things right catapult myself oh yeah
okay one two oh I'm gonna check this out
you guys alright so right now Bridget
has the heat going babies with no way I
have the a/c on
oh and what am I like stupid I cannot
feel my vents I'm feeling his heat feel
mine what's up yeah I got AC honey wait
a minute I got heat up well I think
you're lying to me cuz I doesn't make
any sense
why is these different what do you mean
that says low that says hi what does
that mean oh what the
sink holy shit babe dough is cool don't
shock me when I'm trying to drive it's
cold air now Bridget holy shit that is
really cool
we have dude to different temperatures
that's freaking awesome
now is your film the roof out of
excitement oh my god it is so cool I'm
recording in the car right now and I can
go way up I couldn't do that in the car
dude I'm cutting it out of log I'm
cutting it out of the vlog I'm leaving
I'm get out of car you'll die you do the
scene I wanted to do I'm cutting all
that out Jolie Jessica Kara's on I'm
turning up now we're long in the room I
never forgot her credit okay what is it
well what is it well I like her too okay
dad I don't like it I'm scared of them
what it's a is that real
yeah it's real okay good is that -
german luba please put it on a fucking
thing I what is broke wait I don't think
need a fish you get into our broke gun
prison what'd you do that for better boy
B oh okay why are you giving her a break
I'm officially filming girl in a Jeep
oh yeah it's back to World War two oh
god I called a lot of money does she
care
I know that but I care I like it
feeling good though ah yeah you can't
point it you're doing it on purpose you
think it's funny
look hey kid you not as a - got a clip
of it how was it broken
what
don't so I'm leaving Michael don't touch
it I wonder a real part can i connect
the actual diamonds or grandmother's
yeah then how are you giving it to her
huh how do you I got a word can I touch
it
what does that mean get your ass over
here how sure you this broken
boom look at this dude please not in a
magazine uh wrong with it why do you
know that broken Oh totally cool I gotta
get it fixed don't get it fixed
can I touch it yeah so why I'm confused
oh it's really heavy I'm confused your
doors open so what does that mean houses
are vampires he got in World War 2 that
actual gun was our that actual gun then
how is it not hers I don't get this
because I got I paid for it I'll give it
to her now I've got it back it was lost
or not hey guys long story I'm so sorry
mom thought that was her
you got that for her grandfather's gun
yeah that's cool holy Sh that's the
original gun are you put it like a glass
case or something she's gonna be free no
you're not yes I am no you're not yes I
am no you're not wait Wyatt
you don't getting a fixer should use it
no well you better fart no you he was
turning to me a car you rotten bastard
yeah I gotta get a thing for Krypto well
don't get affect I like your broken
right Michael what is that birds in the
house we got some tubs over there
do you have a tree full of weapons you
don't need a gun why cuz yeah cuz I lied
I don't have a tire problem now don't
it fixed and it's good that it's broken
keep it right yeah it's an antique keep
it broken
yeah it's not you already trust me that
spatula so keep it broken it's a cool
gift if you keep it broken
yeah right dead as a matter of fact you
probably shouldn't get it things why
because as part of the shit
yeah it's like original size part of the
story it's way cooler at some point one
where grandfather
yeah ask unique to the story yeah how
about this death let me give you the
example of that
oh god let's go and redo the interior of
that 55 no why oh but it needs new
interior and oh my god I've been rolling
tucking it let's do it let's set up an
appointment and let's get everything
changed in it no oh so you don't like
things being generous go stay original
exactly exactly
wait cooler Pro Vince it here's a
certificate next time you bought a gun
let me know it doesn't work yeah I was
screaming I yo go home
you called me over here just send me
home
I thought you agree with me no you gotta
go get me Oh what I'd like to get a cool
gift it is gone but it's better broke
hey you good kid
no it's not alright Autocode do it good
ruined the gun grandpa ruined he had a
good idea yeah the value of it's gonna
go to zero what laughs you know where
you have I heard you feelin this the
last one
well it's a good gift yeah it's pretty
cool I was a good gift I need to hear
the story off camera though about how
lost would've the story I want to know
how you got her grandpa because I'm
confused does she not own it would heal
oh we could we let her toast oh she lit
a whole lot there of me so I know that
she already had one before is that
another one yeah wow that's cool are
your cheek that's cool that was rub good
she had that looks real way and it's
your grandfather yeah I'm shaking it's
good good that is a good gift but she's
gonna watch this box you got to give
what does this go on tonight what yeah
you suck do you only hold off hold up in
this video no put about here cuz I don't
want to ruin your surprise until you die
and now you got shit she's gonna see it
like we're also keeping this part off
your daughter like she's gonna know in
the dark just gives you early - scooter
early yeah way to give to her now yeah I
wouldn't your turn now but tonight after
we leave put around a fire oh you mean
tonight at beauty
how about 5 out of 10 think you'd be
like oh I'm doing in alright shit
cover in the lens good gift scared the
shit out of me I gotta get some boxes
yeah I was a heart attack
yeah yeah you got a camera for the hell
is that for
you could grant we grab the camera and
make it cooler than that I'm gonna give
you the opportunity yeah I love it
but what is he doing I don't know it's
being odd of my own permission I'm gonna
cover the lens down no no give that
miles personation oh god Nora glory Oh
goddamn
oh he says something right hey what was
that
oh that okay so what I got onto it we
give it to her now so dad has decided to
give her her Christmas present right now
that's pretty cool I'm glad I can be
here for this all right
yeah
Lauren try see it hello we're vlogging
now yeah you're getting you could I'm
giving you good pleasure get closer I
found out you can do something you
didn't even find it well I told you mom
I found America
Wow so what is that warm because we he
couldn't explain it to us
this belong to my grandfather and he was
and he served in World War two in Europe
and he met a an Italian guy who got this
gun from an SS officer that I guess he
took him out or something
anyway he met my grandfather and he my
grandfather trade him coffee cigarettes
and some chocolate I think he said and
the guy gave him this gun and he shipped
it back home as a war drunky and well
you got now my grandfather was very
especially mean he was the reason I got
such an appreciation for War two history
stuff I can't believe I can't believe he
got it
well I don't get it was missing like I
don't understand how did you find it it
doesn't matter how I found it probably
matters to her is there there it is how
long he's been missing a couple years
Wow
well dad I'm shaking that's pretty good
find anything when he entered it's like
it means a lot to her yeah okay Wow well
that's really cool orange Merry
Christmas even though markings and
numbers on it I'll get it fixed for you
kid
please don't get a fish oh oh yeah I
told you see I told you you would ruin
it by messing it up shut up I was right
shake my hand Laura I love being right
don't get it fixed all right not getting
big well I love it
well that's a cool story I'm glad I was
here for this yeah dad did good for
Christmas for the first time in his life
how'd you do not enough covered lens I
don't know it all went on that I don't
care
Wow say are you sure you're not a Polish
this anybody pause crowed dummy
all right he told me a dumb ass anybody
pause chrome dumbass
eyes so right now grandpa's getting
ready to polish the hell out of this
baby Paulson you're gonna pause the
engine - Oh as went all out
so grandpa is working on keeping this
car and pristine condition you that's
the fourth time you hit your damn head
so I got in beat I do it but I wanted to
make it four so now hit your head again
for the third time so anyway here that's
a lot of chrome Oh Michael ah you just
hit your head oh man this is gonna do
all the dead dad hits Julius Bridget
I've seen dad hit his head right here
I'm surprised what might I do dad like
seriously dad with his head look Bridget
yeah yeah oh my god all right I'm all
right blue - ooh - boom that's very
funny I just want it up show the 55 cuz
it's looking like a boss hey this is
nice
show me the 55 dad's give me the asses
look out later boom boom 55 Jennifer on
Google pose-off that yeah well here's a
little pose man stand up on it hey the -
Chris's partners beside each other act
like you're a thing you know you're the
Dairy Queen or something what the hell
is that about
hey Charlie me and you go out I want to
go steady milky I want milkshake you got
this 55 can you buy me a milkshake no no
poor I got that's why I got 55 come on
you you said you wanted a picture for
the car damn dog shut the hell up
I've never do heating are you kidding a
pest yeah okay
picture a grandpa farted 55 that's a
good picture okay just cover the damn
lens we're going home get out of here
good don't say good out loud oh I told
Bridget to let me know it was blurry in
my face so you just give like a nod or
something let me know if it's boring so
I do the uncover good it's good it's
good anyway we're back home from
Grandpa's house right now how do you end
up she was so scary the gun yes yes but
it's we learned the specifics of it okay
anyway I wanted to show you guys
something I just got in the mail it's
really cool it's really awesome
boogie wins Christmas so he sent me a
Christmas card so the furnace says
Michael and Bridget great seeing you at
VidCon this year hope to meet you hope
to Bridget at the next much-loved des
and boogie now the cool shit and I did I
wasn't going to show it I got the other
day but he made a video asking if
anybody got a card from them I did so
I'll show it look at that Wow how cool
is that I know I love it so much I feel
like we should like frame it I feel like
we're definitely doing Christmas cars
next year yeah I know you get one for me
because we've never done Christmas cards
next year we are they're gonna be the
most sarcastic but it people getting
Christmas cards from us next year let's
boogie I am going to VidCon with love to
meet you too let me know in the comments
section if you will be added to our
Christmas card list next year yes a year
away folks alum you in the comments five
times to trick you if you want to be
added into our Christmas card
subscription 510 how about 30 times 30
times over posted the most times yes so
anyway uh sir don't like it - this is
awesome booyah
so yeah I wanted to show this to you
guys this is cool let's go finish my
wife's gonna have boogie current lens it
was alright ya know
have Sammy and Dez actually doesn't like
me no camera okay for the whole first
part in this visit zoo there's a boogie
I love you thank you very much for this
man here's my Christmas card somebody
screenshot this ad Merry Christmas and
sent it to boogie oh babe that is so
cute
somebody screenshot that ad Merry
Christmas send it to boogie we can all
send him that Christmas card thank you
very much everybody
I don't why I just said that Thank You
boogie let's finish this vlog well
that's gonna be it for today you guys
thanks for watching thanks for watching
guys grandpa that was the coolest gift
ever
by the way if you couldn't tell uh the
intro of the video we did right before
we did this win it we forgot to do what
enter I just didn't tell anybody
yeah that was like right now oh sorry
if you want to see how you can tell
cheese stain I'm sure I got stained
Samurai I got that cheese saying that
Mexican after we left Grandpa's house
cheese dip but anyway that's how you can
tell whether I'm gonna get out of here
boogie thanks for the card dad that was
a very nice gesture I just scared the
crap out of me but anyway emanate outta
here he's so bad like yeah doodie God Oh
hmm oh let's take a look back at my
reaction when I first saw
ah
yeah that was it
anyone want to get out of here thanks
squash guys like like did you think he's
gonna shoot you no but I just don't like
the sight of dad and he gonna flame you
babe I think I'm dressing up like
Shannon tomorrow yeah oh my gosh and
there's gonna be so many people here
click like if you want me to go over to
Grandpa's house recive Shannon and click
like if you want Bridget go through the
drive-thru while I'm dressed like
Shannon oh my god that's humiliate I
feel like you should go in that's not
happening hey I don't play that's not
how lame you
yeah let me know in the comments if you
want me to go win but let me tell you
something I probably ain't yeah you see
let us know like 5 times
like subscribe babe lunch all on
everything for two eyes
MS I love you guys so much I love you
five times I love you ten times
