what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here bridge West not here and the
reason that bridge West is not here is
because fortunately she's still asleep
and the reason I'm starting the vlog
I've been walking a lot actually cuz I
don't want to go I'll tell you guys
outside
so I screwed up
thank God dad's here because I really
screwed up I need grandpa's help one
second I screwed up
remember the prank we're gonna play on
Bridget yeah I screwed up and tweet it
out our Facebook the picture of the
truck this morning dumbass
so we got to do it today which means all
the big planes we had we can't do now
like we were going to go to the
dealership all that we can't do it now
we're gonna have to do it here do it
real quick so bench so you need I
screwed up I'm sorry ah so is Lauren
taking your car yeah and I'm 50 55 won't
get yellow I screwed up Lauren I tweeted
up were just our Facebook out bridges
Christmas present so she's gonna find
out it's very soon I'll take that one in
my house and get them get hurt them head
over this way so well is hers at the
dealership still no we meant went to the
my house I don't want to tell you guys
the full prank but we got we have to
move the Chevy we got to get her car we
got a lot to do so now I'm gone I'm
sorry I know you I know you're pissed
I'll catch up with you all right
my screw-up so there you have it
unfortunately for me my stupidity I'm so
mad at myself I tried to send my friend
Jim uh on Facebook a picture of bridges
car this morning and you need me help
why got you would he's pissed out suck
it up dude I'm sorry I tried to send Jim
a picture on Facebook a bridges
Christmas present which if you check
Twitter by time every time go ahead and
post it on Twitter
you gonna she's an issue of CI too damn
it yay by the time this video has gone
up it'll have been on Twitter I'm sorry
I keep don't trust me with a surprise
you guys I screwed up I tried to send it
to Jim on Facebook I tried it to send it
to my friend tried to send it to Jim on
Facebook and I guess you need messenger
to send people messages on Facebook
which I didn't know because I don't use
Facebook and posted it a month and I
guess I posted it either on my wall or
on his wall so it's on mine and I
deleted it but people saw it and I
assume they're tweeting her about it so
I got to do this video right now so
forget it
we got to get prepared I don't want to
tell you everything that we're doing
it's a prank on Bridgette her Christmas
present she's got to get it a week early
we're not a week anyway I gotta go was
supposed to be his gift I'm sorry dude
he sold it he said
okay whatever so let's get him to check
let's get him the check dude okay yeah
fuck it you know hey I'm sorry
so we're taking the thumbnail now trying
to get the perfect angle of this grandpa
sold his dream car maybe let's do a hood
shot trying to find the best way to show
this people gonna hate you for selling
your dream car show some teeth or bad by
bet okay we go oh my gosh surprised this
is too much this is too much right cool
you better give me some good for
Christmas now everybody better give me
something good for Christmas you know I
don't know how to listen uh if you need
to
dad can teach you how to drive this damn
thing because she really don't know she
looks well so you don't know how to
drive sink or swim
alright well God well when we're sinking
or swimming I won't be in the car to you
learn it this is our desk job babe oh
you're gonna cold yeah you better go
home I'm going well we got we gotta take
you home unless Lauren's coming back
Laura come back okay well we got him
yeah she got our dream car she's been
wanting one of these for a while I know
I mean I was trying to get her to get an
Escalade but she wanted one of these
Hades a lot better
well you happy it's so happy we go quit
crying
there's
confiscated me - bouncers go hahaha no I
didn't hate you Graham no yes you did
it's just mad you halo miss frustrating
you had tears rolling down your face
dude oh my gosh made a good video though
good video yeah dad Oh Bridget you were
know uh something funnier yeah we were
gonna do this like uh like the end of
the week but actually posted a picture
on facebook oh god are you serious yeah
dizzy okay I'm gonna have to do this
right when Bridget wakes up well got her
you did this was not cool handshake dad
it is the coolest horrible prank ever
well Oh Merry Christmas Olivia my Rhydon
go oh who you where's Lauren she ain't
even here have you in a minute I don't
believe form you read you rather wait at
the dry when they come inside I gotta go
he can't take all this affection go come
inside and wait for cook I gotta get out
of here
what were you supposed to do shame here
my toes are freezing man we'll walk
inside in the warm-up
it's dirty great I am bedroom slippers
Lauren will be here alright fine you
know what forget it let's let him wait
for Lauren and when I come out you look
like Jack Nicholson at the end of the
shining you know here grandma well last
week I got grandpa his dream car a 1955
Chevy Bel Air yeah and this week he's
selling it for a 2017 Chevy Tahoe yeah
Italy's that's what we're tellin bridge
yeah Bridget grandpa sold his dream car
yeah sorry
so I screwed up you guys saw the intro I
do a grandpa well we did that intro
after we did the video and you can see
the car and the reflection of grandpa's
car which means people are gonna be like
dick the cars right there so I have to
do another intro and Bridget don't talk
she's in the room for it but I told you
guys we had to stage some shit this is
it I got a stage them intros now so this
is what's going on you guys it's
actually one o'clock in the afternoon
fucking dark hey you're not sweet
Bridget Bridget was here so today I'm
pranking Bridget with getting her Orica
could you get out of here okay
we're gonna go check out the car we're
gonna take it off we're driving this
baby it looks good now Bridget has this
if you guys wondering the reason I got
this for is because every time it's
crazy dude she has been asking me for
ever for a new car she I was trying to
tell her to get a Cadillac Escalade they
kept saying get an Escalade
you want an Escalade definitely get an
Escalade she didn't want to escalate she
kept saying she wanted a freaking Tahoe
and by the way ah so you guys know Chevy
is not paying us they didn't give us the
car they're not doing anything for this
video and to show my proof
check out Ford they make good vehicles
so Bridget wanted a Tahoe so we got our
otago for Christmas and this is it I
know it's really dark but a paternal the
fluorescent lighting it's just gonna be
flickery as hell but this is the car I'm
really glad budget likes it okay
here's what it looks like when you get
in oh my gosh
hop on in Bridget okay we go
might have chest you've already been
driving abridging you went to the
freaking store earlier yeah I'm just not
used to it Bridget went to the store and
got a broom earlier and oh what is it
that much different they've it's so high
holy sit if you wipe out our trash can
I'm going in
don't jinx me oh here we go come on hey
we missed it okay okay we made it all
right I'm tired of it
traffic is freaking bumping right so
many cars I was making me a countertop
making me unconditional
so right now we are on our way to get
ice cream
yep
I'm actually genuinely afraid yeah this
is crazy
oh we're gonna scrape that car so right
now Bridget hasn't hit this button this
horse is really far from it I gotta film
this you could do it yeah I did it right
now we're taking this - I'm a ball that
light switch won't work
let me turn the light out what the hell
here let me get the light switch so we
ready show grandpa my office oh my god
we returned to the dump this is
Christmas like damn dumb yeah it's
pretty uh Jesus Christ my goods
ridiculous right this is oh my god it
goes all with that oh yeah the whole
room is filled are you ashamed
yet not God dad are you embarrassed
yes but that's what I was trying to tell
you why you didn't do this yeah it's
bridges fall I mean it's it's it's not
near bullshit oh I'm going back tomorrow
just shit better to go I don't know what
to do with it
you take it out burn it you got a burn
bit that's a lot of work I don't know
about that you don't get it more stuff
that's gonna be future boxes in there
yeah oh my god
are you Santa Claus down
well kinda where's your sleigh and
reindeer it's a Chevy Tahoe though oh
yeah yeah yeah oh you that's a present I
can't have those under the tree
yay damn idiot that's tuck it back no
I'm sorry I raised him I thought it
raised you better
so I said bye he's a little coal bit
shut up
I don't ma'am stepping off frickin
poppers Jesus Christ I'm getting off
talking you yell out hey hey oh you
already leave what a little if I was
going to bite you dinner we had Chinese
you gotta know this video I thought I
knew you were coming over so I thought
oh you didn't know I was going over
what's that a damn lie so what I'm
hungry I bring you soup which is
nutritious for you and you go 25 pounds
George am so boy it's not that much
cover the lens I'm tired of dealing with
man I want to take a minute to
acknowledge what I'm sure some people
are seeing that the quality on the
camera is different if you're wondering
why can I do something I'm doing the
middle of talking and what kind of shit
you talking so anyway I'm sure why do
you notice
maybe maybe looks a little laggy it
looks a little different the reason is
is because yesterday I noticed the
camera just was so blurry so I decided
to try to mess with the quality and it
looks like crap so oh my gosh let's see
it I think it looks fine it's not HD and
I hate that hey I look better and
non-date I'm sorry this you guys will be
changed by tomorrow let's do the outro
but I wanted to acknowledge yeah the
quality is different
okay well that's gonna be it for today
you guys thanks for watching god Brett
you pretty good you got me that was some
bullshit you know I'm really
I'm really glad it worked out it almost
blew up in my face I can't believe I did
that
I can't seriously I can't believe that I
almost boiled it I know the hell I mean
I can't believe I haven't even seen it
well it's been at the car dealership
it's gonna be kind of hard to see it
there huh
no I bridge people driving past the car
they wait a minute is that mine no
whenever you posted it oh yeah well you
were asleep I thank God I woke up before
you otherwise ruined but into I'm gonna
get out of here thanks for watching you
guys if you haven't seen it we pranked
Bridgette go check it out it was the
meanest happiest thing ever
was it mean at all isn't she cried dude
you weeks i guy saw in the preview
anyway like subscribe favorite fo on
everything but to us and I'm going to
ice cream and some Chinese there it is
that's her knees nasty though it is
great it's great no you like what it's
bright tiny
