good morning you guys so today my mom
offered to clean up the pool house and I
was like Ellie yes well today I'm gonna
tell Michael that's my car I think my
tourniquets in a full house
I think my Jonas is in a full house
right I think with Jo gonna get says in
a pool house don't prank me no I'm
serious
somebody's inner walls my things which
are gonna get okay we fall because your
child is oh my god what is all this what
the hell did you over those boxes
no because I ordered you some art for
Christmas and did you go through now I
mean why you tell me what's freaking
12Â° babe I'm sorry that look like your
mom's car no it's not it's my turn oh my
god what the hell last time you have to
call the cops
here's home everything from Alaska yeah
I might go I'm sure Alaska feels like
why do you listen
No I feel bad that we were going to
eventually do it mom offered
she's like you son of a bitch dude hey
what's a smell it smells like piss in
here all of a sudden you take a piss on
the floor Cindy oh my gosh no this is
crazy
wow I can't believe this Bob I think you
can believe this actually this is all
because those are your keys in the door
um could you let her in and just come
like join me in the house and not help
yes I'll be honest to me I thought you
were joking I mean it was good in here
all of it
I know my gosh you're so awesome for
this mom we're getting there it's not
dead yet is close I know I appreciate it
so much you have no idea huh your mom
just wants us to Lisa she can finish
look yeah she's like get out of here now
here let's plug this back in for all
right be brazen be hot ready so Cindy
decided to come over here and Oh clean
she's cleaning the pool house for us
and if regret oh this isoh did you like
no or are we guys like this at or not
yeah yes okay
oh I feel bad we were I know me too but
she offered she really did okay let's
cover the limb saying that we're gonna
help and then just go inside which in
like we did it guys we're going into
hell for this messed up yeah we're gonna
help Mom all day I got your back now
let's go inside
oh my gosh I was really dreading having
to do that as you can tell by the fact
that I'm oh that was a cold wind went
sharp right though another one how many
people are gonna edit this just like I
don't want to talk about it so anyway
the pool house is clean Thank You Cindy
I really do appreciate it
oh you think it was like 40 here those
people places below 20 and there uh-huh
you lyin
I won't the one you're wearing right now
hey let me do it ah you have the hardest
time of the thing Mike come on oh here
we go
what the hell yeah what I'm trying to do
this what 10 minutes you guys Oh anyway
it works oh boy yeah I wanted to show
you guys about last night so last night
I was coming to bed okay I'm walking out
getting my self out my pocket Bridget is
laying right there and she opens her
eyes you've been standing there for like
an hour
look what you've been standing at why
are you standing there like an hour I
haven't
I just got there it just seems to think
that I was standing here you were wrong
shut up why even standing there for like
at least an hour like Bridget go back to
back ok
you're still half asleep you're dreaming
about something and of course she goes
to bed but then I'm up so I'm just
sitting down why would she think that I
was sitting there for an hour
she's crazy oh my gosh no for real
though I thought you were standing you
remember it or something yeah I thought
I mean I thought I saw you standing
there for an hour
what what me sweetie so you saw somebody
standing over you for an hour and I
thought and this is legit I'm not saying
it for the video probably to bed I
thought I saw somebody past me in the
living room oh god say that I swear I'm
not joking I swear on my life I was
watching TV night I was like I thought
it might have been like a reflection of
my glasses so I was like and so I
decided to go to bed and then I come in
to go to bed and you tell me you've been
standing over me for an hour so haunted
oh I don't know what it's like what if
the ghost could replicate you Bridget
you're dreamin or something okay no the
ghost you know what is it fucking wasn't
like a chameleon ghost no I just thought
you're like watching sleep for like an
hour
why would I do that you didn't stop to
think like why would I just say here for
an hour
no I was like sleeping in shed I'm
watching Bridget sleep oh so it's only
been 45 minutes but I felt normal cuz I
was like sleeping oh he's been watching
me for an hour what makes what he was a
spirit got her
oh my god Oh Frank son of a bitch I'm
tired
oh we got it god damn it stop it oh shit
yeah the second we do that I'm sorry
babe I want to slam the door dramatic
fashion
back up fine damn you can we stop
scaring each other please can we stop
now don't be football babe yes your
dad's here okay tell him I'll be there
just a second all right I'll tell him
what dude just don't walk out this one
you're holding it mom
why I was just - I got it go man
attended like just oh you don't me to go
I'll miss you well you guys right now
I'm driving up to Columbia and if you
see this I kept it in the vlog I don't
know if I was going to keep it for
tomorrow's or whatever but if you see in
this we're going with me right now I'm
going to go to Columbia because dad
wants to go to his mom's grave uh he
wants to do a video for his channel on
Christmas because his mom passed away on
Christmas so we're going to his mom's
grave we got to drive up to Columbia two
hour drive
wish me luck and don't wear your seat
belt
look what I got I don't know anyway I'll
be back you guys going to Columbia
can late-game understood
moving yours just go to channel 18
dammit command was still others okay let
me try let me help that tuned to channel
18 now I'm sorry you're gonna do dumbass
bitch
you're gonna wreck us 18 you dumbass so
the past few minutes dad's been trying
to get this thing to trouble here's
curly music okay it's a little talk
thing say you can the end or sale go to
channel hey Kate turn to a TAS Epson is
that correct
damn you 18 8 k 8d 18 dead let me do it
tuned to channel 18 I'm sorry your
commute was still understood goddamn
bitch gaijin yeah when do they get hard
she's a goddamn wonder wrecker don't
talk so you can be for sale turn to
channel 18
yes yes how can that be jungkook you she
can't stand me yes - hey there you go
Maya damn word bitch
so it said 0% chance of precipitation
digital zero to you it looks like a
hundred percent to me 800 episode
there's also a hundred percent chance we
Chinese days Monday does that mean
remember most Chinese place in Colombia
both on Mondays
what remember come on I don't remember
that but I hate it
clear clear clear oh you guys we are
officially in our old stomping grounds
Gaston this right here is where I was I
don't not gonna be born but I was
definitely raised this right here was my
town coming out you raised on your
raised pigs raised birds you raise
children
damn okay you don't know you raise kids
you watch them grow up that's raising
them
so anyway this is where I was raised you
guys Gaston stop Carolina in a minute
we're going to be in the old
neighborhood we're gonna check some shit
out we're gonna eat some Chinese we're
gonna have a good old day never days
Monday what does that mean you said it
twice now I don't want you get your
whole field up we get that all sudden
who meant you ain't there they're open
okay
I'm not having that well we just left
seeing grandma's grave
not going to say much more than that I'm
glad we did it I'm glad we came
Lauren I'm glad you came with us I am
too I wish Bridget would have come
what
you know we can't pass by our house if
you go down this road
her house was down that way man they got
damn roundabout there so right now we're
going to Grandma's old house at least at
least see it fucking driving the
driveway
we're going to drive in the driveway of
the old house where we lived out
we're grandma lived out with us here on
metal field Road
this fucking roundabouts will just screw
us up here this is new big I'm all out
here
this was not here before and it looks
like crap doesn't it
yeah they doesn't deal when I brought
Charlie to jail though he said it was
Italy he just said that okay literally
around the corner from this
I'm pretty sure it's the same house
yep there it is yep
never his homes you can drive the driver
then we could add all these trees
because Danny's out now
this right here was our old house you
guys is where we lived Rock cutters out
the parking
I remember grandpa himself cut the trees
for this you cut trees in the backyard
garden beds are off
there's memos enough
so me and dad we're driving down the
street from our old neighborhood and he
just freaking saw his old wagon dad used
to sell like peanuts of the warden
cotton candy and that is it that is my
old wagon
it was old pop up camp for the dad
renovated that's it is it
gonna buy that back if I knew about it
like that's the one you were at like the
Jamil Temple yeah Selim caught candy
gone Kenny oh shit it's just a different
color now that is really really weird
that's definitely it cuz dad couldn't
afford a wagon so we got it he got on a
camper he got a pop up camper it was a
piece of crap too and he fixed it up and
turned to a nice little wagon
so cotton candy and ball peanuts candy
apple candy all that out there that was
cool dude that was cool to see under
some days selling stuff like that though
I don't blame you then like I said we
need to make a weekend up here at the
flea market and sell some stuff yeah
generally I do that right now we are on
our way to a Chinese restaurant now this
area when we lived here the first time
we would have to make it a family trip
to come out here cuz there was nothing
else anywhere else
nope so we would always come out to
Walmart we'd always go to this Chinese
place afterwards well we don't want to
go to Walmart no Helena you know I think
it's one of the only ones you're not
banned from though Bob Boeing will ya
so we're not going to Walmart but we are
gonna check out this Chinese place and
fingers crossed they're open on Mondays
this dad seems to remember things not
being open I'm honest I don't remember
that dad looks like you were wrong oh I
did it
hey they're open Christmas Day we had
some young guns walk up and get some
pictures time to take my grandpa you
know and you and me but you base off
they saw you first
obviously dad's the face that runs the
place
so it's a wrestling term
so anyway great some Chinese going home
in just a minute a long trip are you
gonna be okay to drive in the dark
yep where's Lauren dry all right well
yeah we are
I don't know it's nerve-racking it's
gonna be raining it's going to be dark
so I'm worried on the ride home Bridget
please learn how to edit if something
happens to me not really anyway we're
leaving this place I'm covering the lens
we're leaving Columbia we're headed out
of Columbia yeah we're going back to
Chinatown yeah thumbnail road trip
you Lauren take a thumbnail get over
here Laura
you'd be into something you want yeah
got it road trip really she's going to
take on asking her to be in it it's like
let me get the camera so I want to send
the back on the way home I'm a
comfortable shit in that front see maybe
now I could move my legs around a real
talking booth you know yeah pickle
against room this time that front seat I
was like really
what the hell fuck this car over car
wow did you test drive it before you got
it
oh yeah I did you we should've drove the
why didn't we I guess we don't want to
leave the 55 outside of Dragon City
Lauren knows why I'm taking it she's
pissed I got all this extra free room
now Nikki flip seat up and burn it right
Oh have this way better enjoy a bear you
guys yeah it's not you comfortable thing
is you trade it in you get penalized I
know well he's on me screw no you yeah I
was doing the same thing dad maybe
there's a way to fix it maybe I don't
know there's no way ain't that a bitch
right there dad
well getting pulled over in the Walmart
parking lot yeah so right there there's
a cop pulled over some dude in the
parking lot hey you even pulled over to
park him up before yep Shh that's that
sucks oh I look at the radio dad Jimmy
Buffet
we just left the buffet quiet
what is this Jimmy Buffet beak what
Laura doesn't say Jimmy Buffet Michael
we've been running for an hour and a
half I don't need this all the way there
Jimmy Buffet I'm just we can stop
okay dummy what I just said okay you're
gonna wreck us what are you get up I'm
talking to Lauren now and Lauren says
Jimmy Buffet Jimmy Jimmy's mother don't
humoring her face she's giving you what
Jimmy's buff I have on the Lauren
probably fried chicken buttermilk fried
chicken Mike please shut up
no be like Hawaiian food really cuz
Jimmy Buffett is like I don't want to go
through two hour and a half them okay
definitely margaritas okay I've covered
the lips oh my god wake up I just farted
let me tell you folks this this fucking
car is a tomb huh
oh I know you can't hear us because of
all the wind but oh my god it stinks
though Oh God
why do we have to eat Chinese man
long ago dan hit on Barataria sure Oh
God
good idea lor i'ma do to say
oh I smell it too i'ma know how the hell
we were all the winners up my skin might
start melting off my face
that's just like mustard gas I do it
along we're covered - oh god now how are
we did again
Oh dad just freaking farted it is bad
this time
damn Chinese Oh God you guys I can't
describe this one
so this is now the ban the hottie it was
quiet - OH
Oh God you accuse my with debt here
you party yourself yeah
it is a bit
what will I do wrong a question as soon
as a while ago I'm sorry for it oh god
I've been I've gotta pee huh oh there's
still like an I would have left I'm back
I'm home so much doing the outro that's
gonna be it for today guys
wow what a long day do we went to
Columbia we would go see grandma's grave
that videos going up on Christmas it was
good it was a good time I'm glad I went
with dad
Bridget was home all alone and she like
cleaned the house all good and I ordered
food but it was equivalent to like
eating dog shit really yeah it wasn't
very good but the equivalent of dog shit
like actual dogs yeah and I didn't run
and hide like I usually you answered the
door yeah how do they know that yeah you
can hold him before yeah Bridget can't
seem to answer the door when those like
delivery Michael anyway I'm gonna get
out of here thanks watching you guys
Bridget I missed you I missed you too
I'm not saying that ever again like
subscribe favorite I follow everything
for to us and that oh by the way follow
great following a grandpa home Twitter
and you can see a bunch of exclusive
videos my posting to his Twitter account
like more times I was annoying him
that's on his Twitter account and at the
end of the video check out the video
where grandpa went to his father's grave
anyway I got to get out of here thanks
for watching you guys like subscribe
favorite it follow all of us on
everything that's it hey but
style game sheesh
