what's going on you guys kid beyond a
Shannon here shit in here right there
and today is Sunday and today yeah you
gonna let me do any of this intro today
is Sunday and today this and that let me
talk a little bit so today my shit oh my
how repulsive how absolutely disgusting
today is Sunday and today we're going
shopping for Shannon yes oh my gosh I'm
so excited
so last week or maybe two weeks ago I
don't remember I told you guys to click
like if you wanted me to go full Shannon
for the entire vlog dress up like
Shannon where the Koala said wear the
clothes but that's dressing up like
shampoo dress up like Shan and a baked
cookies and just do a whole fall gift
Shannon and you guys begged for it you
want it so today's the day we're gonna
go get the stuff to do it oh my gosh I'm
so excited
that's it I'm into the intro right here
Doug's on his way over he's bringing
food we'll talk about that in a few
minutes it's a little dark right here
huh it's coming lens this bread is
really good oh my gosh I know it was
excellent thanks for a turkey hug yeah
the turkey was so good what it made a
nice ball of this sport Oh nobody smoked
in mate I'm gonna find a body joke oh
you make up on those oh yeah we got
everything store buy look you guys it's
not our fault we were supposed to be
going to Sunday dinner with Grandpa
today and so we were preparing for Doug
to bring a turkey and dad to make
everything else because that's what
happened this morning I get a text from
dad's and he's cancelling Sunday dinner
because he wants her drive to 55 around
so we bought went to store washed it and
you know it was pretty good it was good
Doug's turkey was obviously the only
home anything yeah
I was really good what's going on the
real thing about dad leaving like this
are not leaving but canceling Sunday
dinner is we didn't know until an hour
before Doug got here so we had to go buy
all this up real quick I know that pasty
Mormon highway 61 are you serious really
is he driving the 55 yeah it stuck out
like a sore thumb and beautiful Wow you
found out it does like a word does like
on his way to Dad's house going to
grandpa's what the so is I know that
whenever you called me yeah oh my gosh
so we had a thing for ourselves man yep
it was good though you know what has
been a homemade ship no of course not
but I mean it was it was good your
turkey was awesome thank you it's very
good so we're just chilling folks then
we got to go shop and pretty soon
filming yes okay you guys I want to
Bridget to hit record real quickly
no yes sir I'm not showing them you're
gonna have no choice I'm bringing
attention to it look it Bridget mess
right here
we're just point the camera down Doug
will you say something to her do what
your man says oh you're that town your
dad likes me more than you you know I
believe that you know okay show them a
seriously the mess look at this my mess
look at all these packs of cigarettes
they go stop it just notice from two
hours two hours of smoking go to your
room leave this looks like one of those
paint can box dude okay this this is a
month okay doesn't it remember the paint
can bombs in the last of us he had been
nails sticking out that's what it looks
like grandpa caused them pineapples
so Oh unfortunately very soon we have to
leave to get my stuff to be Shannon yes
hey Doug
I had to dress up like frickin Shannon
what is a Shannon huh you don't know you
don't know what a Shannon is Blythe okay
hold on you're in our vlogs you watch
our vault do you watch our vlogs and you
don't know what'll Shannon you still
don't know what a Shannon is and you
watch us what the home.they slain to him
with it I had to explain what a Shannon
is yeah it's crazy a Shannon Doug is a
character that Bridget and I invented
who is overtly Christmas uh heavyset
curly hair where's Christmas sweaters
blonde hair blond hair maybe dirty
blonde bakes Christmas cookies she's
just a really Christmas enthusiast she
just loves holidays so any time Bridget
does something that's overly Christmas
like that Christmas Matt I called her a
Shannon because that's who I envisioned
the name for the person who does these
things Shannon Shannon would definitely
do that and I have to dress up like
Shannon because I asked everybody to
click like on the vlog if they wanted me
to dress up like Shannon and christmas
is almost here
Shannon's husband is Hank Hank loves
sausage
he loves to girls sausage I feel like
everybody in their family has a Shannon
yeah oh yeah so if I had to put it into
words Doug Shannon is always happy uh
she loves baking cookies and making
people happy and celebrating Christmas
and she puts deer antlers on her car and
wears light-up sweaters and she's very
happy and she definitely sends out
personalized Christmas cards oh yeah
maybe her holding her cat yeah Hank just
really sort of there Hank is guys by the
way is the male version of the husband
that we have not addressed yet but
anyway he's not important I can't
provide you a character example of what
Shannon looks like but in a few days
you're gonna see I'm gonna lead by
example I'm gonna show you what Shannon
looks like because Shannon's
always happy and we're gonna do a little
skit for the whole vlog in a few days so
anyway we got to go to Target we got to
go to Party Express we got to go get
Shannon wait she also raps the prettiest
gifts ever that wasn't needed cuz I wrap
in nothing right now we are in Party
City and we're shopping Shannon oh
there's anything yeah that is so cute
there's anything they described Shannon
bah humbug what is this one he's like a
year from oh my gosh it's just really
ear muffs like oh my god you gotta get
out you're getting them so right now
we're shopping for Shannon we're looking
for the wig give us Shannon's ears are
gonna be closed wait yeah see we're
gonna pretend those are Shannon but
that's really rich well yeah yeah shut
up okay which of these wigs do you
perceive being Shannon well this is
definitely not Shannon
don't forget your wig cap wait get that
curly hair right there
what Carly hair right there that feels
too long to be Sharon's hair like this
ah that that Shannon that seems like she
dude that is Shannon uh holy crap Oh
welcome to citizen hell hey this feels
like Hannah
what the hell bad dog you mean Hank
that's Hank what is it
I'm sure down out to here what are you
up to dad
you calling me shit record shit Shannon
yes Shannon oh my gosh I cannot believe
I'm doing this I can't either honestly I
feel like this is worse than Michelle
you know probably oh I gave him to him
how much of a bigger head do you need
you don't have what does he keep doing
the thing builder so the sweaters here
aren't that good really so we're
definitely gonna go to Target oh do you
smell that
what do you smell that
because I smell something awful
do you smell this smell that what is it
Amy it's not me
well it's not me see you maybe you sure
what I don't smell it over here here
Walter what tug there smells gum whose I
don't smell it no more who's gone Oh
there is oh my gosh hey oh listen to me
please
oh I'm not the dressing for because I
was trying to be settled when I put the
little thing in front of you so he
sounds like shed because I smell
something worse than shit gosh you're
like horse manure are you guys serious
with the smell stuff yeah that I'm not
going in target babe you're already here
oh I don't smell it
it'd be a room sorry I don't smell it
alright do it again no thanks nobody
expended countless thing you guys are
making me mad why stinker don't die you
messing with me
you smell off I'm gonna cry do I stink
or not no uh supreme I feel like you're
wine right now it's a prank beaver
hey if you don't even stay look at the
he means it laughing he doesn't mean me
so the pants is a different story I had
to get maternity pants so show these
shall we oh my gosh should be good what
do you think I think Shannon would love
those thumbnail Doug looking at Word
Perfect we got those and maternity jeans
perfect the problem we're running into
now can't find a sweater oh my gosh
without a sweater it's blown we got to
go to Walmart then our Kohl's
maybe we need a sweater though yeah that
was what our dad where Shannon is over
yeah the Shannon bit is did you look
over yeah we walked right by
huh well you know we're sweaters are we
won't write bond sweaters I didn't see I
didn't see no sweaters go walk back over
to we'll be right back
hey Doug
hello look oh you look fun perfect my
passion your Dasher I still want to look
like snow what other kind of sweaters
they have because I want Christmas more
but I will have Shannon to have an
offseason outfit so anyway Kohl's we are
at the end of the line phones I know my
gosh there has to be standing stuff in
here
if Kohl's doesn't have a Shannon sweater
we're just getting it online seven years
so Oh
I'm exhausted I know dude and dogs just
like on the phone the whole time no he's
talking to himself
oh yeah he's just talking yeah it's so
weird
hey people I used to work here ah
straight back memories yeah I liked it
good that was a good job
Oh Michael this is a good one what it's
Snoopy oh no no I think I got it
you ready for this stay there okay Oh oh
my gosh is that Shannon
yes Shannon loves cat yes she did her
best friends are her cats yes so we may
have the sweater and maybe title me
because it's extra-large but they don't
got nothing bigger no 2x 2x maybe a
little slip in look at me are you
thinking it I think it's awesome
so we got our pants we've got our wig do
we have makeup I should have a little
bit of makeup from Michelle would she
like that we've got she left it over at
her house
we've got makeup we've got pants we've
got sweaters we've got everything we've
got Shannon wait what about a cooking
apron no duh yes no this is Shannon I
know this is she just found out you just
learned about a Shannon don't you even
tell us what a Shannon then we know
Shannon hello hey what's up John so
you're his grandma or his aunt his
sitting here with your grandma she told
me you were watching my video so I
figured we'd give you a call kid behind
a camera
hey yeah that's me man what's up
oh nine so you were showing her the
videos huh yeah we're filming this right
now yeah say say what's up YouTube so
you gotta show her the car video I'm
proud of that one yeah yeah it's a good
one kid be on the cameraman go grandpa
no I'm an impersonator no it's really me
they're like oh I appreciate that your
grandma chased me down the storage was
like stop asshole not really she didn't
really do that yes you can
hey hey what's up oh thank you what's
your favorite oh yeah that was pretty
funny yeah we have a devastating effect
on children I apologize
put your cover the lid all right Bella
in a couple days you're gonna have a
second mama mama Shannon so here is all
of our Shannon stuff you guys saw the
majority of I don't I want to keep some
stuff as surprised when you see Shannon
we got a full sketch planned yes
this is an iPhone 7 hi this is actually
my phone however what's up quick we are
going to be doing a stress test for the
anger grandpa show Channel with this now
no no we're not destroying another
iPhone it says not being destroyed
they say this is waterproof so we're
going to find out if it's waterproof
with anger grandpa again we are not this
is not invincible or not invincible but
indestructible but we are going to do
the water test with Grandpa sometime
this week so I feel some but this is my
phone okay
you guys know we're not destroying the
damn thing so anyway come to the outro
what are you doing
freaking dad just calls me I talked to
dad for a second he asked me if I got
his camera ha ha what camera he told me
he left it on the door so I went over
there because that's using the door we
come in I didn't see a camera I called
him back dad said he left a camera on me
fertile know what that but he just like
threw the freaking good look fuck he
broke it
oh my god is you think our race to hang
his camera oh my gosh well I can tell
him now yes dad I got your camera oh my
god hair Utley Oh who's that
Oh scared a frog Christian I'm not gonna
pop whoa
enough no Bridget Bridget oh yeah you
don't like that oh no camera so a parent
is assuming dad filmed it correctly
because I don't know yet dad told me
while he was out today he was driving
the 55 and like a biker group it was
like circling him or something and he
says he filmed it they were like um
warga pictures you grandpa
so dad pulled over and the biker group
got pictures with him that's assuming he
filmed it I don't know we're gonna see
hopefully diddly if so got a video for
grandpa's corner anyway going in time to
do the outro i'ma fix this wreaths what
i'ma fix this Reed can I cover the lens
well that's gonna be up for the video
guys thanks for watching I got some
wrestling I need to be watching you see
Bridget she froze what's wrong with her
that's one of the games you play which
I'll see you Dan you dare you cannot
laugh the longest so anyway Oh
Mykel Mykel good talk you she tried to
cheat by pushing me that's gonna be it
for today you guys thanks for watching
had a pretty good day got all the stuff
to dress up like Shannon yeah it's been
a pretty good now what I do I'll just be
able to without you now so anyway that's
gonna be it for today you guys thanks
for watching like subscribe favorite and
that's it
you
you
