what's going on you guys get me on a
camera here but to us he yeah behind the
shower right there behind that oh you
took a shower oh I took a shower guys
I'm so fresh and clean
dude that's very good news because you
smelled really bad well it's bad to you
though see Michael hasn't even taken a
shower in three weeks
that's not sure it's been about a week
okay only have fun gets growing in your
eye what it might be a fungus how's that
looking oh all right I guess what I need
okay guys
what is today even know anymore today
it's freaking Tuesday Tuesday guys today
is Tuesday and today we're diving okay
we gotta just talk about it right off
the bat
yes today I make a chicken for dinner
guys we're trying to diet if you're
wondering why we're trying to diet it's
because we want to become parents yeah
this we don't want to be like overweight
parents not to mention frigid parent Li
says there's like risks
with like getting pregnant when you're
fast really the s you guys I don't want
to be a fat pregnant person I can't bear
to gain another hundred pounds guys we
really want to become parents and if we
want to make something like that happen
we're gonna have to try to lose weight
and hey I know I know what everyone's
saying right now diet number 50 okay
I've tried many diets I failed many guys
I've succeeded on one die and then I
gained it all back but guys we never a
motive either it's like me and Michael
we really have in our relationship so we
eat and eat and we really have like a
motive I said I have the motive and I
still want to eat it's an addiction okay
no but this time it might be different
because you really do want to be a dad I
really want to be a mom so guys right
off the bat that's what we're telling
you we want to become parents now before
the end of this vlog I'm gonna go into
detail about that because the title is
about being a parent and you're gonna be
like what a gyp that's it
no by the end of the vlog I will explain
it to you guys today is Tuesday tomorrow
the angry grandpa Valentine's Day video
goes up and Friday
music video let's talk about that while
getting prepared to drop this music
video on Friday I had to open up a
Spotify account because the music needs
to be streamed on Google and iTunes and
Spotify so I had to open up a Spotify
account so if you want to follow me on
Spotify the link is below now right off
the bat I don't know a single thing
about Spotify I don't know how it works
I don't know how to add music I don't
know how it works at all I've said that
twice I don't know what to do so I want
to talk to PFE about that because I'll
be honest with you guys I don't know
what I'm doing but if you want to follow
me on Spotify check out the link below
and see you soon with you guys drops
Friday this Friday yeah you can see you
don't Spotify when it drops guys I don't
know what I'm doing I don't know how
Spotify works but it's time to learn all
I know is I got a verified Spotify
account and you can go follow it now and
yeah the song's dropping on it
this Friday guys it's time for us to go
make some breakfast trying to eat a
little bit healthy wheat toast eggs and
turkey bacon let's do this hey over here
kind of spun it too far that way so with
dieting and I don't like calling you're
dieting I gotta stop it's kind of life
change it's called a life change for the
next week until I break it I'm preparing
everybody gets a fail again okay in case
I break it I probably will don't say it
guys I'm trying here but first we got to
make some breakfast which means we're
making an egg bacon and cheese sandwich
and you're probably like he's already
broken it I already know the calorie and
taking this thing you guys I know what
I'm doing
turkey bacon and I don't know what I
don't wash oh the frying pan okay he's
done this turkey bacon oh yeah time to
turn the turkey bacon plastic spork
I don't think about that yeah it's
melting is it I don't know I hope that's
all right
for every bacon time time turn the
cameras fogging because I'm filming why
don't you just use your finger oh man
now the kid I can't you know is it that
hot no it's just sitting here crackling
in a frying pan cool it's really cold
actually completeing turkey bacon done
I'm cooking the turkey bacon fat okay
I mean there's none there but all right
that will work okay how was that like
scrambled until they're like gooey give
me along hey do you want cheese in the
eggs I think I do yeah that we've really
delicious Oh won't we cheese on the
sandwich you'd be in the eggs that's
fine okay that sounds really good
we are using garden vegetable snack
bites now these are 20 calories per
stick so we're being very strict on how
many sticks if you only have one bag
okay you pay any attention to what I
just said did you we can only have one
bag yeah we can't really we're gonna
have five okay and that's split between
us all right
oh this is gonna be so good I feel like
oh it will be
Oh oh my god perfect huh actually eggs
that's me by cooking breakfast man it's
like hell
did you know today's National Pancake
Day is it yeah well there's too many
calories in pancakes the other day was
national pizza that man why don't we
have beat them in if we didn't use
cheese we would have used avocado yeah
but we wanted cheese today tomorrow I'm
on it I freaking love avocado
all right let's construct turkey bacon
going on my sandwich tonight all right
oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah I'm excited blue
this look how juicy the eggs are okay
and just like that you have a breakfast
sandwich Bridget and it is under 300
calories YUM there's over 400 calories
in a bowl of cereal yeah okay this is
under three high-level how many count
I'll be back can I eat my sandwich after
I figure out the calories in it if it's
over 400 we can't eat it Michael this is
breakfast okay and I realized breakfast
is the most important meal of the day
but we also got dinner and we can't go
over a certain number of calories of
work I want my sandwich I want to eat it
hot it's already cold okay there we go
okay
gee you're so rude okay good okay guys
I'll let you know how it is what how is
it looks pretty good it's really good
now it's time to make mine brew I can't
waste the bread why God because we don't
got enough I don't want to just send in
a waste toast right I might use it we
never will love I'm using this bacon
all their eggs okay it's so crunchy go
it's very good 330 calories what is that
for a bacon sandwich with a ton of
cheese eggs yeah it's really good okay
my sandwich now
number one I'll tell you how it is
though
Hey all right go ahead cover the ones up
here's a totally not planned out scene
at all hey Bridget can you give me
something to drink sure babe why is he
going to eat it doesn't here what's this
it's water the stuff we bathe em yes
just don't my pee and poop in uh-huh
drink it you have to drink it
would you take a glass over to the
toilet and Philip no there's no sugar or
fizzy Michael drink your water when does
it turn the coke in your stomach it's
not this drinkin water honesty how are
you guys the sandwich was delicious
shouldn't add the cheese okay I can't
taste it I can't taste next time avocado
don't use the cheese you can't taste it
or waste why do you insist on telling me
to vitamins because you lose this thing
what it's just a clear one hmm
that oh that is poison what I'm just
kidding it's a fish oil what it's a fish
oil power why not taking fish oils
because am i 90 why am I taking somebody
pills my wake up Michael
happy those are vitamins as far as what
each one is okay the big one is a multi
the little red ones are cranberry and
then there's a fish oil like but just
add it up how many of them take it next
year probably the same you might get
fish burps what fits perfect melt like
fish yeah then you're not giving me
another one are you kidding I'm kidding
right
from one fish Bart I'm pouring them in
the garbage fine it's not gonna happen
be happy that I'm taking care of you how
about that thank you
all right I love you too what's for
dinner I'm hungry dinner probably
chicken okay getting out of here
injustice stacking you guys but before
we do I wanted to do was seen talking to
you guys answering some of the questions
that you probably have in your head
after watching this vlog like number one
why does he want to be a father why
would I you know people look at me into
like yeah irresponsible hairy fat loser
and look some of that's probably true
okay I am fat I am Harry I'm not
irresponsible
I'm very family-oriented and a lot of
people know that a lot of people you
know watch my history and they know that
I am a very family-oriented person they
just don't know how family-oriented you
know like from a young age I always felt
this bear of responsibility of taking
care of my family and wanting to make
sure everybody's okay
and that carried on to it you know that
carried on to me being an adult to this
day I still want to make sure
everybody's okay I pay my mom's bills if
Kim needs help I'm right there for I
help Jennifer out I used to help out my
brother until you know it became
apparent that he didn't want help nor
would he get it if he did so I've tried
to do what I can for my family for as
long
as I could and it's always been sort of
in me to be protective a family and
always kind of wanting my own and I
haven't always talked about it I've
always been like you know oh not me you
know I've even told Bridget I never
wanted kids but I do and so does she and
that's what I want to be I want to be a
dad I used to talk to dad and he would
always tell me that one of his happiest
memories in his life was riding around
in his car with his dad and then doing
it with me and I could say the same dad
my happiest memories were spent doing
stuff with you going to flea markets and
yard sales and just spending time with
you and building this channel with you
and Bridget it's been the happiest times
of my life
and I want to give that to a child of my
own my own son my own daughter and I'm
sorry to dad that I never gave you a
grandkid I thought I had more time I
didn't know you were gonna go so soon I
thought you would live forever and
because of that I got complacent and I
never married Bridget when I should have
and I never talked with her about having
kids when I should have and that's on me
that's one of my regrets but I couldn't
imagine having a child and not doing
everything you can for I'm not wanting
to spend every moment with it not like
if I had a daughter how I could just
blow her off or a son and I would just
blow it off how you have fathers out
there that don't want anything to do
with their children and I don't my heart
can't understand it it hurts my feelings
that there are people like that
I just don't understand it it's your
child and so I want to lose weight so
that could be me because that's what I
want to do with my life I want to be a
father and not everybody look not
everybody has those same goals okay and
I understand that that's okay you know
but that's what I want to do and so
that's why I want to lose weight and I
might fail I'm probably gonna fail two
months remember yeah Harry I'm starting
another diet but you know what the point
is if you fail you get up and you try
again and you try again and you try
again and you keep trying again because
failure isn't an option and you got to
keep trying and maybe I'll never succeed
maybe I'll never lose a pound but I'm
gonna try because that's what I that's I
gotta be here for a child so that's why
I want to lose weight that's why I want
to be a father let's do this out show
you guys I wanted to do this just some
raw feelings for you guys to see what it
means to me because it means everything
you know being addicted to food is like
any other addiction luckily being
addicted to food isn't driving people
away from me luckily I'm not burning
bridges but it's addiction nonetheless
and one that I gotta fix before it gets
too late so guys let's do this outro dad
I love you I'm sorry and that's why I'm
doing it well that's gonna be it for
today you guys thanks for watching
had a pretty good day it's been a pretty
good day how'd you like my explanation
for wanted to be a dad I loved it
guys all came from the heart my clogged
heart
don't say joking Jill damn relax with
your ass guys I'm getting out of here
thanks for watching pretty good day
that's why I want to be a father
remember tomorrow angry grandpa's
forever alone gets reloading I hope you
guys loved it like I said yesterday
totally new video a lot
except you haven't seen I hope you love
it guys thanks for watching like
subscribe favorite everything to us
that's happening tomorrow most
Valentine's Day what do you mean tells
v-day Yeah right we've already addressed
that disease oh god there's gonna be on
