Oh God sunlight I okay let me find my
way around the tree before I do this
intra house uh oh Jesus Christ
mana okay try it technical difficulty
slugs I didn't think this through it's
too early in the morning let's try like
this here we go
this feels better what's going on you
guys
get beyond a camera here obviously as
you guys have noticed Bridgette West not
here and the reason Bridgette West is
not here is because this vlog is
starting off at seven o'clock in the
fricking morning in the reason of Lagos
starting up at seven o'clock in the
fricking morning is I'm going with
Grandpa and Charles and I can't talk too
early the reason is starting at 7
o'clock in the morning is because me
grandpa and Charles and I'm sure I use
that incorrectly as probably Charles
grandpa and I I don't know the reason
the vault the vlog is starting out
because all three of us are going to get
a piece of steel to cook the pancake on
because if you guys haven't been
following we are in the midst of doing a
gigantic pancake video and it's it's
surprisingly a lot more work that we
thought we got to get steel we got to
give them stuff to cook it in we had to
get giant freaking snow shovels to flip
it it's been a tremendous challenge and
today we got to go get the steel and I
don't even think we can eat all I say we
got to wrap it in aluminum foil but
anyway today we're going to get the
steel if you haven't seen the video we
uploaded yesterday angry grandpa got
himself an interesting outfit I think he
was trying to look like a greaser from
the 50s take a look at his interest
of course later in the vlog he went from
greaser to disco duck check this out
dad never wear that outfit again no I'm
joking he actually thought okay vegan
from the walking dead
anyway I'm going to see grandpa just a
few minutes but before I get started I
don't feel right doing this intro well
Bridget's asleep so let's go wake her
ass up she wanted by like four o'clock
in the morning last night I don't care
I'm waking her up right now
Oh
belly ruin
ah hey daddy
I just did birdie free interest I wanted
to wake you up for it real quick say hey
and go back to bed hey I go better bad
well I gotta go give me your paw
give me a paw
all right I'll see you later but girl so
right now me grandpa and Charlie are on
our way to get a sheet of metal to do
the pancake video guess it's all yours
what gets her jollies what do you mean
he's locked up again it's all you
haven't GL flashbacks back there fuck
you
ha ha so we got this freaking big van
and it's got this fun smile Charlie
we've emotion
y'all blurry hold on good
hey Pequod back there I'll put the
straps on your head
great quiet back there
to being transported is awesome
Sal warden green all this to get a piece
of metal just for a piece of metal
all right though and you know what the
real kicker is that was that we can't do
the picking but it's a next week now can
it's going to be rain at all frickin
week I know so now we can't do the
pancake video so all this is a wasted
effort we all had to get up super early
all of this for pancake video we can't
do again but these expensive raw
pancakes oh yeah these pancakes you guys
so far so far just just cook them it's
gonna cost over 300 jobs there's no this
pancake video it's almost ordinate like
a passion project yeah I don't know if
you guys even want to fucking see it but
while you figure the metal the metal
that we get into CUDA pancake that was
150 bucks yeah the rent of truck to go
get it because we got net data can fit
in is 80 bucks
how much you spent on pancakes oh poor
bob has been about 50-60 personal pain
kick shit and that's not counting the
paddles of the flippers yeah I spent 200
hours on those and that's not counting a
bucketeer then you mix the batter up in
plus you got to get that special tool
tool just to stir it with yeah there's
really a $500 video a goddamn pancake
$500 guys this is gonna be a giant stack
of pancakes it's gonna cost about $500
to make this video but I really want to
do it there's a passion now it's
definitely a bachelor plus I know you
think somehow that you're gonna master
this I don't think you are ah using oh
man about a pancake I'm gonna master it
can you believe it charlie dad fixes
you'll be able to flip this gigantic
pancake easily oh yeah I'm not doing the
flipping y'all are oh man I'm just
sending it you're gonna have to help
some
I'll help sup hey they'll be okay oh and
that's not counting gonna take about
3,000 butter that's not count is gonna
take about public gallon of syrup we are
indeed
I'm not eating a pancake without butter
sir no hell no it's got to have butter
and syrup the Uncle Buck pancakes had
butter and syrup
oh and by weight as we get this you're
by lunch I don't have my wallet gives on
bottom much again get all my goddamn
lunch what we have it huh baloney
sandwich you had now that it's dad
fuckin lunch me to his house now I'll be
going to robbers oh shit
yay all because I want their
cheeseburger well Green what being
excited all the ceilings were green no
yeah horizontal green all right we're
gonna get you that floating I agree
great is it true that the bloating in
jail is green sir is it true the Bologna
Penn Hills really looking yes it is true
so yeah you know kids don't go to jail
you eat green Bologna green eggs and ham
and what it says it's like all the packs
it says for institutional use only
having green eggs and ham so on a
standby I am alright let's go get this
sheet of metal disco okay so what is
this place new steel and aluminum sales
is this thing heavy ah very so that's
why can they take it the finger I gotta
help well I did until Michael and I was
about to helping with you know I'm sorry
I'm not gonna let you L they'll bring in
Oregon and Portland oh shit
grandpa almost got wiped out
hahaha come on Audrey
ah
it's so free out brain what the hell is
this man I wanted to feel my good deal
what's wrong with you guys
to be overnight
cover the lens dad cover the lens did I
just like oh god the county jail
actually have we've already done all
that I'm still doing it
oh man yeah see you said that nearly to
the winners she sent off Santa causes a
visit doesn't visit in jail
I mean Avery Johnson jail I kick your
handcuffs we put about a would you just
rob your dad that's getting obnoxious
hey hey he just won't blue he's looking
for more she talked about oh no their
news I put your shadow plug in come on
come here
he's gonna chain me he'll Red Lake like
a dog Wingo get two three your buddy's
heating ma'am
give me prison jail right you got to do
what you got to do to survive
shit I say you step right up perfect man
this is all dad was a talker never dad
soon going on you in the wheelchair ramp
bad dad's gonna been wheeled I can ride
Charlie around town get down to court
how's he feel at home I'm trying to rig
Brett leg back is that working
there's a nice place man ago Santa Claus
and reindeer
pleasant videos
putting in the back up into the
acetylene tank
oh great then we got a bow all right
that's good right
all right you never you in power on fire
yeah get it back open Papa huh Kenny
enough yeah I got three vehicles Bondy
oh great how heavy is a child heavy did
that just wouldn't go in at right there
if you fiction what does it let me try
that first
hi
the doors are locked with the van hollen
bring a hurry up I'm going to run
through a lot all right fuck yes
going just unlock right on the key dad
you might have to go through that side
there you go oh my goodness
Jeff ugh oh my god a service tool in
there yes sir all right oh did you swing
out anymore
yes it's a
slotted right in that's what she saw
believe I don't yet I did it that's what
she said Joe huh because I did it that's
what she said
deal thank you for your help man
yes sir all right fellas Thank You Man I
say um we're so yeah we're going to clip
on a journey 88 specific wave movies to
treat the metal or anything or leave
your sign up your data burger place
Murray 55 that's highway 55 you dumbass
what highway 55 there's two public that
don't say hurry god we should go there
no we're going to Roberts it's you want
a different burger no oh I was good I
love Robert
now I get how you doing back there Oh
calm down green we'll bring you up
baloney sandwich yeah are you gonna let
me out right should we let him help what
happened don't you fuckin Hey yeah you
did with his vein I was your shit all
around here like yo need that like you
got some sense in here and Michael get
anything you want the I don't care it's
all me today you throw the sandwich or a
glass of water
alright back in the bus okay
we are sitting here eating Keith Roberts
temptation is that on purpose what's
that did I can actually get a weird
faith house on purpose I don't believe
it I think we can try they got a goofy
committee
so here we go
grab Roberts barbecue remember to do
that honey
he said I wrote run through all hop
let's take a look at this big boy Oh
mm-hmm that is a burger anyway from them
well I'm gonna stop filming so we can
eat a little bit you ready for the
pancake video ready
what's all this on the ground for wind
blow or did you do I think the wind well
just come in to check on the car with
dad's leaving in here I get freaked out
oh my gosh sometimes I just got to lift
this I'll just come up here I'll lift a
piece of it just to make sure it's still
here all right you're still good huh
what's its name that's up to dad to name
it 55 55 oh did I tell everybody how
mcjuggernuggets almost ruined the video
no we haven't said that no goodness you
guys okay here we go this is the title
the video though we mcjuggernuggets
almost ruined angle grandpa's surprise
okay I would have been so pissed dude it
was this close
it was scary close okay now okay I got
the car at the end of November beginning
of December and this is wind is really
crazy let me cover the lens of tool
pencils so we got the car at the end of
November beginning of December and we
thought it would be fine we thought we
could Park it right there if you see
right here on the side of this barn
thing that we have in the yard right
beside there is where we decided to park
the car because at the time grandpa
didn't really come to our house at all
he came twice Thanksgiving and like the
day after and that was it he hadn't you
know he I guess he wasn't ever coming
back
I don't know so we decided right there's
good because you can't see it from the
street when you're pulling in you would
have to literally be over here to see it
so I'm like hey that's the perfect place
to put it how you
not a spot we're saying grandpa's gonna
be shocked yeah about that
mcjuggernuggets decided to come down to
my house the beginning of December end
of November and while he was here he
decided to destroy the pool house you
guys saw the video yes I can and all
them they destroyed the pool house
grandpa came over they destroyed the
pool house you saw the video when dad
was leaving he saw the car sitting right
there thank God it was covered okay oh
my god I know if it was uncovered that's
it yeah that wouldn't it that close man
so because mcjuggernuggets came over
here destroyed the pool house the prank
was almost ruined now if you go back and
watch his videos you can see the damn
thing just sitting there hey I'm
surprised nobody asked me about it yet
it's like it's right there plain as day
and let me tell you something grandpa
didn't miss it later on that night after
they destroyed the pool house he called
me and he says Mike what the hell is
that damn gone your yard
Oh caught me off guard call a car what
car the woman said you goddamn shed you
goddamn car shit in there I had to think
fast Oh
bridges grandma storing her car while
she's out of town because there's
break-ins
okay that's fucked up hey thank God so
mcjuggernuggets was that close to
ruining the prank if you would have just
stayed home I could had a hit in there
and I think we moved it from there
once dad saw who cared we just made sure
was extra covered but anyway go back and
watch his videos you can see the car
sitting there he almost ruined it dude
oh my gosh I know he was very close and
now I just want to admire it because it
went off without a hitch that's the
reason we did it early I had to do the
video early because it was just becoming
like a cause for concern
okay almost saw it twice what if he
comes over and asked to see the
grandma's car oh my gosh I know I'm
gonna go look at it Mike
this is my impression of grandpa coming
to look at grandma's car damn and of
course you got Mike
oh my god my dream car her grandma's got
it I sped on and kick it and never come
back
so anyway that's the story of how
mcjuggernuggets almost ruined the
Christmas I don't know what that was
I'll try to do that away almost almost
ruined the Christmas video Jesse don't
come back well that's gonna be it for
today guys thanks for watching pretty
good day
pretty good day nobody really knows
about your day you were like my day
consisted of nothing nothing she had me
shit I went with Grandpa we got a sheet
of steel and we went out to lunch
she didn't shower what I took a shower
wow that's good I have it taken on now
have a smell Bridget she just collapsed
ice oh you're back you spelled passed
out she smelled me guys smell this again
right back
well that's gonna be it for today guys
thanks for watching you don't really
think it's weird that you don't really
stink
I'm I'm just a lucky guy Earp is like
that's gonna be it like it's really dark
subscribe favorite follow everything but
you guys and that's it I love you guys
so much
seriously guys on a serious note thank
you guys for all the love and support
you guys are truly amazing we didn't
expect all the support after yesterday's
video cuz Bridget is a criminal I'm a
little criminal she's my little jailbird
no seriously thank you guys for all the
love in the supportive comments you guys
are the best absolute we got like the
best fan base on YouTube I can agree
with that I blew you a kiss
I killed everybody shake I'm gonna use
they don't wanna okay covering it like
subscribe favorite no that's it
