what's going on you guys get behind a
camera here inmate number one one one
zero zero five six - is that really the
number I don't remember convict right
there okay today is Thursday and today
we're going to be doing a throwback
Thursday story really early because I
got another vlog to go tomorrow and I
think it also is going to have a
throwback Thursday story but we had to
tell this one because people are
starting to ask us about it on Twitter
and Facebook now before I get into it I
never wanted to have to make this video
it's just one of those personal private
things that I didn't feel we needed to
include because you know it wasn't as
big of a deal as you know it was turned
into so I didn't want to blow it up into
something that it isn't
which I have to do now because people
are starting to ask about it so last
week as me as everyone gets to see my
awful mug shot I'm trying to tell the
story okay I'll let you jump in convict
when you give it one when I'm ready
buddy so last week I got an email from
guy named broccoli rabe now I'm sure
that's not his real name most likely but
he was like he sent me an email and he
was like you're gonna have to give me
some money if you don't want me to post
bridges mug shot on the Internet and I
said to post it cuz we didn't care
post it broccoli I don't care matter of
fact we're posting it right now here it
is that's purchase mug shot and the
reason I have to do this video showing
the mug shot is because there's going to
be some videos about it very soon
because unfortunately the trend on
YouTube is to make a channel bashing
certain youtubers whether that be
mcjuggernuggets or myself or Bridgette
and just do videos about us because they
lack the creativity to do anything else
their selves they don't have any content
and that's not a jab at drama lore
because he just reports the news that's
different I'm talking about people who's
they're just talentless and they just
want to talk about us because I don't
know why to be honest I don't know why
okay I don't know I don't answer it so
back in 2013 we lived the apartment and
at the time we had neighbors upstairs
that absolutely hated us damn seriously
every time grandpa would come over and
do a video they'd call the cops they
they did not like us they thought we
were allowed and they're right I'm not
gonna say the wrong to think that we
were allowed because we were very loud
and we were always doing videos and I'm
always rapping in the middle of the
night it was a bad dynamic and when we
moved out I did apologize to these guys
but at the time you know leave me alone
so what happened a few days after my
birthday in June 2013 now every time I
celebrate a birthday I go into a deep
depression and I think about dying and
it's just it's just what happens to me I
go through a very emotional state and
this was no different so I'm up at 3
o'clock in the morning trying to make a
rap song about death because I wanted to
be a rap star I wanted to be the next
day mmm oh I was trying to be Hopson
Raymond it wasn't working out for me but
I'm trying to rap in the closet a three
o'clock in the morning and I'm going
loud and it's not going well and I'm
getting angrier and angrier you guys
have seen me when I try to rap ok I
freaked out and I scream and at one
point I'm gripping the bars that hold
the pill cuz i have pillows to keep
silence in the room and I'm screaming
and Wow
and so on at one point I thought it was
the wires and I knew Bridgette had other
wires that I could try so I go in the
room has this 3 o'clock in the morning
and she's sleeping and so I woke her up
like any loving boyfriend would I lay
down in the bed was like huh and I slam
my arm against the wall just the double
sure she was up now she I wanted to make
sure that bitch was up and of course she
wakes up and starts freaking out because
she thinks something's going on and I
start bitching I'm like where's the
wires for the microphone and it turns
into an argument and at this point Bella
is on the bed jumping and freaking out
she's getting on me like wondering
what's going on and I'm like Bella calm
down
and it's very loud and I
the room and I leave as if that's ending
the argument at all this will stop but
I'm walking out I'm I'm the bigger adult
here Denmark so Bridget follows me out
into the living room and starts yelling
at me and bitching and wondering why I'm
waking her up in the middle of the night
over my stupid rap song and I'm getting
pissed I'm gonna be a star at that point
I was waiting for the dogs to freak out
so at that point we'll hurt a knob and I
was like oh fuck Stu neighbors now like
fuck it let him bang I don't care
fuck the other then I hear North
Charleston open up because it was the
cops the neighbors called the cops at
some point now I am stealing like
bitching at each other for I don't know
maybe three hours two hours so we were
arguing for I guess
turned out to be like three hours and I
don't know how you argue for three hours
by the end of an argument for three
hours I'm just like Bridget just go
really believe in that song and I never
released it or even finished recording
it yeah it wasn't that good of a song so
I'm sure it was great
it didn't matter the cop came and the
first thing he says he opens the door he
looks at me sir has she been assaulting
you and I'm like what I don't like no
sir she has it and Bridget slit his fuck
right now you know I didn't put my hands
on have mic Bridget you need to calm
down there's a cop here okay relax okay
Bridget is over there yelling I'm like
Bridget you get arrested that's it Hey
hi I'm such a bitch I don't get my sleep
at one point she threw a candle if that
was her who threw a candle yes sir
I threw a candle okay yeah wrote it I
threw a ten foot the fridge it broke the
cop thought she did it and the reason
the cop shot thought the cop thought
that she did it was because when Bala
was on the bed freaking out she clawed
me in the net so I had scratches on my
neck and the cop blamed her yeah yeah
now the problem with Bridget scratching
anything is the fact that she doesn't
have any finger name let's go no we're
showing you'll thing a handout we're
going to show you guys your fingernails
okay look at this so good doesn't want
to focus hey it doesn't need to focus on
me yes it does babe my fingernails ugly
doesn't know I haven't got enough that's
enough but they don't have seen anything
the focus isn't working I'll be return
the camera off as you can see right here
she has no nasty she okay she fights it
down to the meat I just you know I
wasn't gifted with nails okay you wonder
if you stop biting him down to meat Oh
Steve disgusting okay that's enough
that's stop I don't even want that in
this so the cop takes out his handcuffs
and he puts them on Bridget so good boy
she's in handcuffs I'm like dude calm
the fuck down
kind of claustrophobic well you know you
would have done the same no if I'm in
handcuffs I'm like I'm gonna be chill my
god yes sir let's fix this situation
whatever it is Bridget was freaking out
at that point he was sure she had done
all the damage around the house and did
everything that he thought in his head
that she did so you know Paris maybe I
shouldn't have yelled at the cop but I
was so pissed at you I didn't do shit
except wake you up and saw a bunch of
drama she got arrested so six o'clock in
the morning bridget is doing this walk
of shame our neighbors are looking at
cuz they heard everything she's getting
they were smile she's in handcuffs it
was embarrassing
Bridget went to jail she was in there
for a whopping two hours I got her out
life went on the charges were dropped
because there was nothing that happened
to begin with and that was the end of
the story so we were never going to talk
about it because I didn't want to make a
big story something that was
insignificant in her life I was only
there for like two hours it is not even
about the time period you were in there
it's more of the fact that nothing
happened she got arrested for a
misunderstanding because I was kind of
being an asshole so that's why Bridget
got arrested
she has an arrest on record now criminal
domestic violence
a misdemeanor thank God dude if it
wasn't I would have held the biggest
grudge on you
he biggest okay it was a mess to me I
only still mad about it I can tell no
I'm good now I'm good
anyway that's why Bridget went to jail
Bridget got arrested that was her mug
shot she got arrested it was crazy and
sometimes I send me it sometimes I still
make fun or robot I'm like get away from
me criminal at least I would have been
arrested so anyway so anyway that's what
happened that's why she got arrested you
saw her mugshot you heard the story it
wasn't some you know fist fight where
she took a knife to my throat
I started shit we got into a fight the
neighbors called the cops she went to
jail so yeah you know I wish we had Cole
neighbors but we didn't Hey we were come
on we were arguing for three hours come
on if we hadn't cool neighbors they
would have shut the fuck up I went to
bed Bridget maybe we just should have
been argue maybe we were the uncle man
we really had a cool neighbors man
anyway that's the story I'm gonna get
out of here we got another vlog tomorrow
Bridget got arrested like subscribe
favorite following everything and make
one one one zero five six I wanted the
fennec number it's not yo I used to move
from earlier yeah that's it
so Bridget is actually outside right now
and I wanted to take a min at the end
here to actually talk to her
because she you go through tremendous
shit sometimes people give you so much
you know shit but you know it's
inspiring to see how you can smile
through it you know like most people
shouldn't have to deal with this it
sucks that because she does videos on
YouTube people have to try to tear her
down like this you know they do it to me
and dad all the time and usually I just
ignore it usually it's lies I just
ignore it
who cares this one I wanted to address
because this is you know and even though
it does
bother her it bothers me that it's even
being brought up because it was so
insignificant you know we didn't have
any trouble or it wasn't it wasn't a big
deal we all make mistakes that was a bad
night I messed up by waking her up she
messed up by freaking out in front of
the cop so that's gonna be it it's
coming back out I get in this whole
moment so that's it ah thanks for
watching you guys you know nobody's
perfect never pretended we were you see
us fighting all the time when the vlogs
don't act so surprised so that's gonna
be yet thanks for watching you guys
Bridget I love you she just heard that
that's it
