what's offered away okay babe it's rainy
too much late I know I suppose we wrote
called the locket so Bridget and I just
woke up and I come out here and I see
dad's car he brought it back in part he
knows it's his right
I assume I feel like I feel like
wouldn't what if he feels like well let
me bring the car back to Mike Delph now
oh come on you think you would do that
that would be so stupid this is his car
if you guys didn't see the video we
uploaded yesterday I gave grandpa a 55
Chevy and I'm not gonna uncover it
because it's raining I don't want the
weather to get to it if you haven't seen
the video check it out this is the car
right here and I guess at some point
what time did we go to bed uh like 11:30
11:30 midnight right yeah so this had it
been after that it had to been after we
went to bed unless we just didn't hear
and pull up check the cameras they don't
have we're not here yet
what yeah so all that money on freaking
cameras W just to ignore the pool house
the place things are conduc is
completely destroyed well babe I have
them in the front guys we got cameras
put in the house because I mean
juggernut gets he's made us he just
don't come back mcjuggernuggets okay
let's say that cuz you're gonna get
arrested that oh yeah mm-hmm
if he comes back what if you chance to
see the car hang on any winter that'd be
stupid that would be really stupid so
stupid that peanut car dad I don't know
what else to say dad I gotta talk to dad
chill I don't wanna talk I was so funny
we're gonna do the intro we got to go to
Grandpa's house he parked his car here I
don't know why let's find out where you
going huh
where you going
checking the shed for what the stuff for
the pancake video did you forget we were
doing that soon Oh chill
so this pancake video you guys it's
costing us a bunch of money I'm trying
to find a way to save money so I'm
looking for anything the steel plate
because that's going to cost like 200
bucks maybe we have something usable to
flip a giant pancake on Oh baby good
know what no other way okay yeah other
way Daniel okay crap so wonder there's
anything in here this you just nothing
here garbage I know and obviously our
large amount of cocaine what is this
stuff well we're giving it to my dad and
my dad said it smell like crap so he
decided to put like powder on it they
the smells up empty
looks like we're buying everything you
guys how many of you guys you want to
see this pancake get this thing be used
until like maybe set the thing on oh my
gosh what is this what if we set that
over like the rocks and put some sort we
got to buy a sheet of metal don't Lee
yeah we should probably do that let's
get to grandpa's I'm at grandpa's house
and we're with
Charlie and
you already not talking to me I heard
last night
yeah that's what I mean that's the
reason I came over here for dude where
did you go last night why you got no oh
dude first of all why is your car in my
driveway it's like you didn't wanna
bring it home I was cruising you have
why say to my house you didn't want to
bring home
could you guy that everything up time
protected babe he's gonna be babe yeah
you wanna can I'm trying to protect the
baby
hey I'm dad's babe so you wouldn't even
without me cruising you went cruising
last night I let it ride up and down the
strip and beat you beat you to the beach
without us I gotta get you a grog oh
yeah okay so now we're a little weird
dad just drive over to the beach when
defeated I want to talk so you went up
to the beach and out to eat without us
then come out the rubes kitchen right
wait wait what do you take Lauren you
just want to be alone I'll go with my
car so you had a little I'm having a lil
affair my car okay yellow light oh I'm
glad you like it
I'm going to I'm going to come you hit a
couple wages we got a drive-in theater
in your period it's on the mat yeah
they're loose together that hit my car
drive it are you really yeah just you
know what Danny then she's you ever
gonna play just by yourself he doesn't
go doesn't make no one I won't go to
drive and get my guard doesn't have his
arm extended to nothing I got a red bean
idea son yesterday although I have the
poor man he's American Graffiti boat
I just find it weird cuz war was at our
house until nine o'clock like where the
hell is he
I think you don't like 12 one
and I heard yeah we're talking to drop
it off because I was asleep at about of
12:30 the I'm so confused dude toward
you have Lauren meet you I wouldn't have
so you got be confused about your car is
at my house did you walk over to Thorne
pick you up but I'm not I did anything
then I'm just confused so to take a few
I don't want people to think that I'm
telling you to keep the car at my house
that's what the gun thing I had the damn
video blast man back in 50 minutes
nice now chill moves up and down and
down little more people yeah yeah yeah
you know it's your car though right yeah
I don't want you to think that you have
to keep it in my house because it's
minor I keep it you're gonna say - okay
I didn't throw it up so everybody knows
I'm not telling me keep it in my house
cuz I know those people might better to
put it up here so dad are we doing the
pancake video on my eyes are yours damn
if you're gonna be right behind me don't
like coming up apps or wherever you
would do it okay are you doing sure
shoot any the shooter did he kill my on
board thing tonight
that's tonight I'm so I'm not invited no
yeah uh-huh
no we can go through one by one he's my
friend too easy are you Ryan
sorry shooter I was disinvited my
grandpa he bring these on my records I
made oh really yeah very cool and he had
a good friend for me which we're on that
yeah I got a hand up I can't bomb a
goddamn out I bought a hat I feel like
my dad knows that ain't it
I can't there's a hat on top of the
fridge that's not a ball cap okay this
is nice another hat okay and I also wear
one new car - all right grumbles a
leather daddy Oh who's that well I was
saving it for Christmas but since you
are
impromptu Christmas gift
oh shit Christmas gift it's a box yay
bah it's my damn head or you got my damn
hat ha ha ha get out I'm like my hat
chicken looks good man I Welsh more man
I got me a full-blown fitted outfit are
you serious
yeah when a girl I like sharp in it man
are you serious yeah yeah yeah obviously
I'm to go dress number at that cover the
lens lit - s yo yes you can see him oh
jeez yeah grandpa's a greaser all right
yo
Oh grandpa baby can't you see I'm in
misery Oh thumbnail for this oh my
leather daddy yes every day yeah
oh man mother daddy please like
wait wait wait there sir there's one
thing missing what Bridget film this
ready
yeah what oh shit ha ha what the hole
over your skin up man I'm not cool
enough to be in this photo
yeah dude oh well honey you're all set
most of the fifties but today he's
chasing that chasing that childhood what
Charlie change the counter
okay let's even anything
what is that things women I'm not going
in there
I'll give them home seriously why is it
swinging
I have dog here okay seriously I'm not
going in there going in idiot that
scares me look from here what can we use
for the tank oh my god Michael whoa
Frank I've already got the thing to flip
it with Oh so are we gonna do we know
for sure we have to get a piece of metal
Michael
seriously why is that thing swinging
near the damn thing go
why is funny damn it Charlie what you
mean here horse always so did you make
it plain of course I did it was yellow
away from the dog away from the porch
well then I'm a tallit well close it up
let's go back in it's probably a freakin
earthquake earthquake okay we're leaving
this dad do we have to go get a sheet of
metal yes or no yeah okay let me fix one
thing on you sir I wanna be I just go
duck just go duck what will they say are
you somewhat Macho Man macho macho macho
man I'm just I'm nacho man and do it for
the wire you are nacho man do the YMCA I
do it why em okay you won't get all of
you they may hear some w y MC y and z
hey Donna what are you trying to give me
to film I would take a picture of me in
the water what take pic of me in my pool
it's like a fucking pond now just shut
up just to take the picture okay what
happened
oh it's called winner it's called you
you can't get a cover or like chemicals
that's called you don't swim in the
winter dumbass so you shut everything
down so you shine he really is like you
got a picture almost got it
this is under a bit there's something
swimming around a thing could be smell
it was it the movie the lady in the
water or just parasites in the water
yeah I didn't get your picture you know
too bad then I go to bathroom
oh yeah there's definitely an in night
similan movie in there oh god it's some
sort it's either a creature or an
outbreak yeah something the hole it's
probably probably an alternate universe
down there below there's just the boys
for the dogs dresses in his leather
daddy there he goes love it love you
daddy love you daddy
yeah yeah I'm not gonna be able to top
that car obviously that's a done deal
yeah Creve on Christmas forever um how
am I gonna top it that's the question
love you daddy
haha he said it to me and not you fuck
dad I'm covering the lens Charlie's the
bastard
this is all your fault babe no this is
all you now you should have addressed at
the Michael Green not Bridget West you
are not Brigid wise there's one bridge
OS and cheese right here okay you guys
made a huge mistake
I screwed up yeah okay I'm acknowledging
it I just want to let you know that I am
opening every Bridget les package some
stuff for you is addressed to you Wow
there you go um
we're back from Grandpa's house now and
we got here and we just realized we have
a big conundrum on our hands yeah we
were about to start wrapping Christmas
presents and I realized all the
Christmas presents that I bought I had
shipped to Bridget and that includes her
own Christmas and that's a problem
because I really need to start wrapping
I think it's an obvious why it's a
problem look at all these boxes Michael
I really need to start
like back up I got a big surprise for
you what surprise for me
you think that was it what the hell dude
how much shit yes Mary damn Christmas
holy shit dude
this is absolutely insane I'm serious
this is too much and it's all the
dresser prison and I don't well Merry
Christmas to Bridget
you can't open all apart we gotta figure
out how we're gonna do this I'm serious
Michael you're not seeing one I got you
you're waiting until Christmas well you
can see what I got you you should have
addressed it in Michael Greene Michael
oh come here
okay stop stop it I want to show you
something and I'm like this oh here we
go
what I don't think I have enough
wrapping paper like you were complaining
all right I may have been complaining
about all the wrapping paper didn't I
yeah this whole you know we had a buggy
full of this and Michael's like there's
too much
there's too goddamn much I was like a
sudden man what are we doing about the
presents you're screwed I'm gonna not
have a Christmas things is occurring so
the boxing bag is swinging the dad's
shed by itself now the lights are foot
okay stop it
we're haunted but I used to Christmas
past well that's gonna be it for today
guys thanks for watching went over to
Grandpa's house he left his car here for
I guess protection I don't know I can't
keep up with it
he loves his car I feel like I hope he
loves his car but anyway we're gonna get
out of here thanks for watching you guys
like subscribe favorite fun everything
for to us and that's it and Dad you can
take your car we'll be safe there just
Park it in the garage with all it look
you can keep it here if you want but you
know I hate
Christmas Matt
you
