well by now you guys have already seen
we're closing for the lab bang that's
the loudest gate ever dude I know so by
now you guys would have seen the present
we gave angry grandpa but I'm going to
uncover it now we haven't filmed the
video yet so hopefully what if he's just
like there's nice oh my god
I doubt it babe you know the other day I
signed it up today oh you did yeah very
good very good
the other day there was some like
comments I had a couple of comments from
some haters and they were going you're
giving your dad a peanut wagon oh my god
peanut wagon oh my god I'm going to have
a peanut wagon come on Lord no I'm sorry
I wouldn't be laughing if they weren't
haters okay seriously don't be stupid -
stupid dragon why because the other day
dad anyway oh my god I got this Franco
Graham this kills me just allow yeah
peanut wagon yeah okay Bridget let's get
a good shot here okay good clean shot
well I reveal I was gonna say for the
first time cuz we had done the video yet
but literally for the second run this
president agree oh so oh it's beautiful
wait right right now the plan is to park
the car at either Walmart or Piggly
Wiggly yes
you know Piggly Wiggly will be more
poetic cuz that's where he worked when
he got this Oh
he worked at Piggly Wiggly no yeah take
the regulator spring shit yes so here's
the zone when angry grandpa was 16 years
old his parents got him his first car
his first car was a 1955 Chevy Bel Air
it was red and white it was hardtop and
it was hard as hell define this thing
this thing was hard to find you guys it
the only car dad's ever wanted and it
makes me emotional think about it this
is the only thing that's ever wanted in
his life he's wanted a house and he's
won at this car and he's always told me
he only had two items on his bucket list
and these were the two so I've just
completed dad's bucket list for him so
here it is it's amazing did I finish the
story did I just let you I don't that I
don't think you finished re-rate but
this is amazing he got he had it when he
was 16 years old it was his first car
his parents got it for him and his
sister decided to drive to California
and his parents didn't think her car
would make it so they had him give her
his car and he didn't want to do it but
he gave his car and halfway there the
car breaks down and they sold it to a
junkyard and they never got another one
again he's been he's always looked at
him he's always wished he could have one
I've always wished I could do this for
him and now I can so dad I hope you love
it
Merry Christmas hope it reminds you of
the one I hope he gets the reference hey
what if like we go up I'm like hey dad
look at that car huh oh my gosh you want
to look at it Oh new foot oh that would
be like the worst so Bridget what do you
think what we get in this baby yeah oh
my god guys
we've never driven a classic ever
what are you ready for this we're about
to drive a classic car folks a muscle
car what if I bracket dude if dude what
if I reckon if you reckon for weekend
Amy do the video ok you guys we're
getting in this car you're gonna add you
driver cuz I want you to drive it up too
and you got a driver to the Piggly
Wiggly oh my gosh okay okay oh yeah I
gotta get used to it I just broke the
hand gold you did what okay you guys
this is what it looks like inside this
is all the original interior if dad
wants to get it redone I'm sending him
to a person to get it redone hey
hopefully doesn't want
I think he'll wanna kill your original
original this is what it looked like
when he had it it's even got a little so
anyway let's hop in this baby this baby
Mia for the bel-air the cars the baby oh
you're my angel oh okay here we go
oh yeah doing it well I don't know it's
frickin started didn't it alright
alright here I go
driving a classic
Wow wow this thing listen to this baby
purr whoo
this is beautiful Kanchana brigitte
driving a classic car hi I'm German a
classic
now are you afraid because bridges are
really afraid to drive it to
piggly-wiggly
I just go like this is the speed limit
that's just fine right yeah okay now let
me try to drive for ya we should have it
in the middle so I can do my intro okay
I'll Drive up and then giant what if dad
Lee drives up like right now dude oh
sure I don't have son are you serious
okay let me do the middle are you that
off
dude this is so not it's only sit now
that actually is a CD player in here
they come with it but dad really likes
XM radio but we do have the original if
you want it oh this is so beautiful
Wow
yeah Tora
so here is his Christmas present it's
all he's ever wanted I'm really happy
that I can give it for him Wow let's get
into the shop version of us in the car
makers it's grandpa thumbnail I want to
show you guys something really cool
about this oh it's so so beautiful I'm a
shakers I don't know how to use keys and
stuff on car yeah
so I want to show you guys the stuff
that it came with okay so this is just
extras I've know that matters but this
right here was really really cool so
first if he wants to use it which I
don't think he'll want to use it this is
the original 1955 plate that came with
the car I think we need to get a power
coated I don't think he'd want to use it
I know and Dad he's probably gonna want
his own custom play like AGP 55 second
this right here is the original manuals
guide I had it in the glove compartment
I put it in the trunk for some reason
cuz I'm stupid I'll put it back in the
car you're not stupid
so here is the original owners manual
that came with it now to me the most
impressive thing is this this right here
was the original sellers guide that went
into the windshield so when you're
shopping for the car car dealer sighs
this is sitting in the windshield and
people look and you can take it out and
it tells you everything Wow isn't that
cool it's amazing so somebody was
interested in buying the car they pull
out this and they look at it and they
see what's good about it etc so oh and
this is the original tire yeah the
original is the tire the guy that we
bought the car from he was like this
real Italian dude and I kind of pissed
him off I'll tell you guys about that if
you want to hear it yeah he got real mad
at me I was trying to haggle the price
and start yelling at me but but you know
I got it of course I give it but I
wanted to try employers he was telling
about the tie he was like I was like hey
is that a good tire to have for the car
that's the Worf card you could have but
car but you want to keep it because you
know it's real good to have the original
if you want to put it in shows it's like
okay okay he was like real snappy I mean
so click like do you guys want to hear
the story about me haggling the price
because seriously I got schooled yeah I
am a jelly' bitch slap by this day and I
was emasculated I was a shame yeah
Michael's talking to this guy who
literally lives for classic cars yeah I
made the mistake so anyway I hope you
guys like the car let's get some shots
let's close this let's get some shots of
the car oh here we go oh well the cool
yeah you look pretty cool no this is the
car is it gonna rain uh been raining
Billy is getting really dark dude this
was pouring down rain we can't even do
the video oh my gosh don't say that and
then I'll have to save all this footage
or delete it completely it's not gonna
rain don't say it listen up another day
drunken tire it is yeah okay you guys
doing the video fingers crossed if you
see this we did it if you seen the other
video it obviously happened okay whoo
I'm so excited Michael okay first thing
we got to think of is why we're taking
down to the store pancake stuff yeah for
the pancakes pancakes high-five
so you guys know I've been hyping we've
been doing that we're gonna be doing the
pancake video today for the past week
because I didn't want dad to think
anything we're really doing the pancake
video next week okay but tomorrow anyway
that's later we got to go get grandpa we
got to go to the store we got to get
pancakes bridges got to take this to the
store Oh Mike wish me luck babe if I
reckon dude if like I'm like bridge
where are you I gave you permission to
break up with me
you
still no sign of them this is crazy so
if you guys didn't see the end of the
video uh angry grandpa pulled out and I
was like what are the chances we're
gonna see him again
yeah slimmed it on that's awful guys
Lauren is inside on the couch waiting
for him I'm just chilling here waiting
for him to come back I called him he did
answer cuz I was a little worried that
maybe gone to a car accident cuz it is a
new car so I called him oh my gosh
don't call me call me a little bit I'm
happy telling my life I heard like
somebody talking like oh that's a Chevy
here so he's like showing it off or
something oh my god he's like driving it
around town showing people dude it's a
beauty that I'm really happy you guys oh
yeah me too I'm thrilled that I was able
to do this for him I didn't think I
would ever be able to so you Blake you
completed as bucket list dude and that's
what your guy's help I want to thank you
guys for all your love and support and
your likes and your shares and your
comments you guys helped me help this
happen for him so thank you guys for
everything that you do for us seriously
it's tremendous let me turn the Bridget
so she can say thank you you guys are so
awesome I love you thank you I love amar
I love them more I would marry all of
them all of them I don't think someone
can legally get married we T okay Oh
Tina I'll marry all of them I'll be you
marry that I love them more I don't
think you can legally marry really give
me honey that many people though okay
this is just turning you had
conversations you can have like 1.5
million marriages maybe we're just gonna
marry 1.5 million people wait only the
adults cuz I love them more than those
probably a few hundred thousand adults
so we're just gonna marry a few hundred
thousand so can I stop poking holes in
your logic now seriously thank you for
everything you guys are so amazing don't
jump into my shot ever again myself you
heard that okay duh bang there is one
thing that a lot of people are asking me
about the picture that I took of dad in
the parking lot oh my gosh I'm ace
matera that's the bet is you guys didn't
see I was crying during that part oh my
god oh it was so heartbreaking Mike
Oh seriously for him to say he just
wanted a picture's told me that this is
the closest he's ever gonna get to his
dream core and can he just get a picture
it was the saddest yet happiest thing
I've seen in a while this is the scene
get my picture with a car yeah
my
so a lot of people are asking me did I
take the picture of course I took the
picture would I not take the picture
this is the picture and as you can see
in his face it's tragic it's horrifying
it's beautiful because he got the car
it's just one of those moments that I
captured in time that I'm really happy
that I was able to capture and it was of
course is haunting me it'll be etched in
my nightmares for the rest of my life
that face hmm
because it was so sad it was so sad but
he got the car so it was all good but
that was the picture a lot of people are
asking me about it it was very me has it
I'm so happy dad I love you a lot of
people asked me you know how could you
do this for him with everything that
he's done to you guys you only get one
dad first that's the first thing you
only get one dad number two is no matter
what at the end of the day we love each
other unconditionally I have two best
friends Bridget and my dad and those
people are my world dad is so important
to me Bridget is so important to me so
that's why I do those things because no
matter what they say sometimes I provoke
him to snap you know it's not like I'm
not expecting him to snap it's the angry
grandpa show you know what I mean I know
how to get under his skin I know what
I'm doing and I'm prepared to accept the
consequences of him freaking out because
of things that I do now having said all
that he's my dad
your family's everything people no
matter what your family is the most
important people in the world so in
bridges families in case people were all
thinking anyway that's why I did it so
give me a hug I need a hug you will get
no such mine I need a hug you'll get I
just turn the camera off okay you will
get a hug for Christmas here we go
this is Bridget script two wishes in one
day two hugs I love you so much don't
worry you got a present do so anyway I
don't want nothing good you're not
getting it keep doing half anyway I got
some spaghetti to make I'll be right
back how many kids I got some spaghetti
to make I'll be right guy is when this
cameras off he's gonna kiss me and hug
me I know I don't want to hear about it
they don't
she's right there's still no sign of
grandpa he has to come back we had to
take Lauren home dad is long gone
so right now Alise he loves it never and
run me again I'll let you try to be
funny yes it is trying to be off okay
anyway I just sit on your own story yeah
I'm getting tired of being shit on by
people Oh
so anyway right now we are in the
process of making spaghetti because
tomorrow I want to finally do the psycho
dead spaghetti recipe so today we're
having spaghetti let's start it right
now I've got a pan with olive oil and
okay I used to talk to a pot because I
couldn't find a plate in time but don't
you love that sound
I'm gonna sauté up peppers and onion
for our sauce okay now that I've
sautéed up the peppers and onions I'm
gonna add this homemade sauce recipe
that I came up with
um this is a homemade sauce not jarred
nothing like that cover that up you
don't see that right no homemade sauce
right here if you want the recipe go to
Michael's of Brooklyn homestyle gravies
whoops
it's jarred sauce dammit this is the
sauce it is homemade guy as you can see
I had to beat the jar top to even get
him open cuz it was like it tastes
homemade though for real it's called um
I just said it all the Michael's a
Brooklyn mmm Stan mijitos blurry anyway
it's called gravy next dot ray V next up
chamber to me is that cool sound the
other one that was really cool
push my men look masher Oh
so my mashup is hamburger meat then add
that and let me go deliver yeah I know
what happened here but our meat almost
burned okay it's gonna be fun you know
something that are you yeah now it's all
fog anyone all right yeah I had to take
it off the heat holy shit you had it up
too hard okay oh now it's good I'm back
to mashing and I'm boiling noodles Jetta
me solder that water No Hey oh my camera
lens it means it seems over no no you
will use this cuz that's pepper the next
step is to add this meat into that as
you can look in there we got some
meatballs in there they were pre-made
I'm not gonna lie they were bagged
though these were the fresh meatballs at
the store in the packaging so it's going
to add our hamburger meat to it you want
all the hamburger meat or no Oh probably
not not all you tell me when this guy
okay
now let's give this a nice stir let our
meat crumbles in there we got our
meatballs we got our vegetables
damn you turn this into something
special this is something special okay
so I'm gonna start off by making
Bridget's and first I got her this tiny
little bit baby I'm not a baby if you
want the baby ball I'll take the baby
ball that's a joke the utter this ball
so first thing I start off with a little
bit of the gravy bottom then scoop the
noodles now we eat our spaghetti
differently folks you're gonna see how
just a second
okay got Bridget the penne and fresh
mozzarella little boy oh my god you want
three oh yeah I want three three pieces
of fresh mozzarella
I'm not Italian I'm just pretending hey
and now we just cover with that sauce
put the meatballs which if you don't
know what meatballs are they're balls of
meat
Hey okay purge it get you a fork I'll
take that fork run go fork yourself huh
oh my gosh you go here's one Bowl trade
me the bowl for the camera there we go
take a bite go so uh alright folks I'm
gonna be I'm gonna Danny talk yeah can I
speak now Frank I'm gonna eat me some
dinner we'll be back for the outro
unless we film something else I don't
know well that's gonna be it for today
you guys thanks for watching Ha Long Bay
what a good successful day it was a long
it was a rewarding day thank you guys
for all for everything you do for us my
heart has literally melted what does
that mean it's either because I can't
shake phrase right it melted it's either
from all this or from the cheese all
right I'm gonna get out of here thanks
for watching you guys like subscribe
favorite followin everything for to us
dad Merry Christmas you know I was
saying it Merry Christmas grandpa and
everyone and I'm so happy we did not get
a peanut cart well of course no there's
no peanut car
you
