rise and shine
good morning are you dead
come on Michael get up okay you're not
really dead you're just pretending to be
dead gosh guys that's the kind of morbid
sense of humor right this impulsive is
that what you if I was dead as I how you
would do it are you dead I was painting
a smile for YouTube but if you were
really dead I would have cut the camera
off and cried and screamed and called
9-1-1 Liz dusty morbid to talk about a
better plate tip as I heard you coming
good morning how are you feeling a lot
better
good and you guys didn't see yesterday's
vlog uh psycho dad poisoned me that's a
joke obviously yeah it's a joke guys I
don't know if it was this I don't know
if I got sick from eating old spaghetti
it was probably rotten cheese no you
know you weren't sick at all you lied I
did it why you did you know I wasn't
lying about it I was sick you're
dehydrated that's possible cuz I drank I
felt better after the water yeah your
one sip of water I just gotta tell you I
feel bad for your kidneys right now dude
I drank more water you even pour water
holy stop it what the hell that's a
whole new bottle no we don't we only
have one of these and it was here last
week and you decide to open it yesterday
okay yeah what is going on my daughter
okay give me cups and I'll drink it why
are you recording this right right I'm
gonna get you a cup of water I won't
drink it why really a cup of soda no
that's the water
in it no it does it okay bridge if you
want me to drink water then get some of
those like sprays like the flavor babe
we have those it doesn't work just drink
your damn water I don't like that
you were snapping at me they're joking
get over it what's going on you guys
can't be on a camera here for Jersey
yeah right there and today first off I'm
glad you're feeling better
thank you today we are going to
grandpa's I say it's like Sunday Lily's
today is Sunday and today we're going to
grandpa's house because surprisingly
we're invited to Sunday dinner which I'm
shocked me too is pretty shocking he
told me the other day I didn't get on
camera
don't worry about Sunday dinners no more
so I didn't think we'd ever be back yeah
that was crazy but honestly Michael we
should prank
what does that mean prank him we should
prank grandpa it's been a while since we
pranked are we just gonna buy it back to
Sundra I'm not pranking them fine today
you used to be cool now you know so I
know I'm not cool another longer cool
grandpa's getting pranked oh you're
pretty cool okay anyway today is Sunday
today we're going to grandpa's and I
guess today he's getting pranked unless
it doesn't work then you don't see this
intro at all so let's do a second intro
click like right now if you want us to
prank angry grandpa in this vlog so
click like at okay that's a trick in the
YouTube algorithm okay okay I'm pranking
hanging grandpa it's so even if you
click like it's happening anyway so but
still like right now yeah pancakes and
large we're breaking anchor grandpa
we're gonna tell him that his food is
 disgusting grandpa you can't
cook do what are you doing
yo man where's this battlefield yeah
okay we're gonna prank my dad here so
everything that you eat he's cooking bar
grandpa's cooking barbecue chicken all
issue he's throwing down it all sucks
disgusting besides make sure he was here
again he's like into he's like anyway
it's not it's disgust no it doesn't like
that right yes that's the party and we
need it's all to agree three things it
sucks
grandpa can't cook Lorna's is your boy
okay no matter what your dad asks me
house we will say it sucked
now is this Stouffer's yeah okay we
should all love the macaroni cuz he
didn't make it I'm like God the rice is
in the rice is pasty and slimy the
chicken just tastes like we don't want
it for the macaroni you did a good job
that so Charlie I'm like well at least
the macaroni is good if he doesn't say
anything the idea there so yes Mohit so
this is gonna be fun so guide me through
all this pot Mak makes macaroni you make
some barbecue chicken got rice and BBQ
gravy
I've got BBQ chicken macaroni cheese
homemade butter beans to tell you know
looks good
yeah it looks really good it is good I
cook yeah okay
yeah you're pretty good cook Oh know
what he can be nice um
did you go what do you mean was wrong
here the other Michael yeah
and some did some different barbecue
sauce sir
you put the rice home yeah yeah you know
whatever you want like them this part
rah no chicken what do you say warm rice
it don't taste like it's long enough
okay
Charlie you're just too picky Charlie's
always too picky about food yeah you're
coming along
hmm okay Bon Appetit Sunday dinner with
Grandpa you know if you don't like candy
could be put up I didn't say that like
everything the goddamn garden did I say
it was gross
I got that look when you got in your
face I think I just got nothing but
barbecue sauce it was really sweet let
me try try out oh my god maybe it's me
maybe it's you
you don't what dad will
stop dad yeah you got no goddamn supper
go somewhere else oh god Danny macaroni
looks good anyway it's store-bought
bitch I'm sorry dude dad I mean okay
listen I'll be honest with you yeah
shut the hell up or what are you hungry
daddy it difficult to do that but this
here maybe Lauren like the Lord is it
good it's gonna get better J is good
it's good I gotta have someone to sleep
- oh she's silly she hates it - after
you banged on the Guardian yard would
you over food haha no joke oh yeah I'm
hungry
I told everybody to say it was nasty dad
I want this food how are you
hell with you here's my half and you
package it
you see I grabbed up late I didn't want
to grab it
dad dad throws good does he go yeah I'm
sorry
you've never want to clean up best of
one break you don't do his food
yeah daddy's just oh Jesus Christ
stop and pray we were joking yeah I'm
giving you it looks too good what I have
was delicious
it probably been better as a mustard
base we're talking that I'm joking don't
touch it it's good are you looking for
more stuff to throw stop it don't turn
it on please calm down it's just a joke
no God
oh
dad that is cannot getting funny more it
was a joke it was just a joke make that
my friend it was good that buddy green
was delicious
yeah it's not ah a brand you dad
holy crap chill all draw your plate
don't don't touch the plate I'm Leland
I'm we at least oh it was a joke
I was trying to laugh about it hey
 it's my plate I'll eat it
hey boo John Bishop hmm I'm out I'll see
you get out can't even joke no more
joking each of you know the for Charlie
I dare you
there's my dinner sorry Charlie
there's more yeah well hey I didn't need
a broom he did not you're just trying
you got anyone around he's trying to
turn funny cuz he's embarrassed
really oh you understand means you
understand we were joking now right no
man I told everybody to say it was nasty
you are Syrian it's good season Oh
goddamn Sunday dinner grandpa don't in
Sunday dinner over this this is a joke
don't do that
now I can show the food we got rice lima
beans macaroni and barbeque chicken
we've been talking good about it all day
and it's the last one of the year no it
is nice all day no it's not the last
your game is over
yes one of the years yeah but there's
more Sunday's vs we're not we're having
more Sunday dinners and he knows it you
ain't not mine start doing them at
Michael's house now new tradition yeah
new traditional Michael's house seemed
like that damn spoon I'm covering the
wins but we're going to talk is this
stupid
it was a freaking joke hey why you're
crazy I'm a damn toad
I wasn't it all I wanted to do with bad
mood everything no let me guess please
go to make that mess in the back normal
shut it down
never again why didn't I told her three
stables
yes I talked about my food it was just a
joke right have you done it was just a
joke it was good food should be fun it
was really I wanna make fun of we told
him where we give vaudeville you kick
them out oh yeah I take some home at
least no you know dude it was a
joke to you what they lie to you I've
had him you Danny
daddy we should go Michael like it was a
joke yeah I said Joe go you like gotta
get over it now can you get me off now
can I not take no chicken huh no but it
was good yank it get out
yeah I'm trying to you're lucky he's not
letting me
oh I thought I was in your truth oh my
god laughter Nicole we're back home and
I just wanted to take a minute to talk
about that prank because it was supposed
to be innocent it was not supposed to be
like a vicious prank it didn't turn out
that way dad
I apologize I knew you'd get upset but
he's still pissed he cancelled Sunday
dinner he canceled the pancake video
which I don't care we're doing the
pancake video dad needs to get over it
because that I knew looking forward to
that thing if you guys don't know I'm
planning a video where we make the
pancakes from the movie Uncle Buck so
dad I'm sorry but get over it was a joke
your food was good we all ate at the
table and he was we didn't film that I
wanted to have a camera free dinner but
the whole time oh he's nasty huh like no
it was a joke but anyway dad I apologize
was just a joke let's do the intro of
the outro well that's gonna be afraid of
you guys thanks for watching
dad's mad he'll get over it oh she was
gonna get over it he's gonna be fine
earlier we don't usually do this but
earlier I told you guys we were gonna
make another intro if it didn't work and
we never show you guys that we my god we
always do another intro here you go
this is the other intro just a case to
prank did it work this was from earlier
check this out okay Bridget this is our
alternating kiss prank doesn't work
alright what's going on you guys get me
out of camera here vigil eyes here we're
not doing anything today today we're not
doing nothing except going to grandpa's
house for a little bit of Sunday dinner
that's pretty much the entire day we're
not gonna cause any mischief we don't do
stuff like that
nope the prank worked maybe a little too
well he's pissed he don't talk Jesus he
cannot be this mad he's gonna be really
happy by the end of this week or next
week so he can get over and daddy he
tomorrow he's gonna he's gonna be so
thrilled
I got grandpa a boss Christmas gift so
you guys know it is literally the best
gift he's ever gotten it's the best
there's a there's a backstory to it you
guys from his past I don't want to ruin
it that's next week
grandpa's Christmas gift I hope you like
it as much as you better it's gonna mean
so much to him I don't want to say
anymore that's gonna be it then getting
the outro so yeah like subscribe
favorite follow on everything for to us
and babe I really need to play the DLC
for the last of us they don't you gotta
elaborate more I got to put the deal fee
they don't hate it
DLC dumb little Oh poop mouth anyway
that's gonna be our video guys thanks
for watching click like if you're
excited for Bridgette coughed or the way
you're such a DLC stop it click like if
you're excited for grandpa's Christmas
present because it's pretty good oh my
gosh dude I don't know what's gonna
think like subscribe favorite fallen
everything bitch it was you were a DLC
you were a DLC you have a deal
