what's going on you guys get me out of
camera here for jaws here right there
and today it's Saturday and today
Michael is really tired what's the plan
yes i'm tahni like you I wake up in the
mornings and I feel sleepy luckily I
have coffee
I'm fucking really laughing at me
because I just woke up and I'm tired
what is that
cuz you're so cute if you want to go
back to bed today is Saturday and today
I literally don't think we're gonna be
doing anything I know what we're gonna
do what last of us we're gonna play The
Last of Us and I think later we may
watch the mcjuggernuggets documentary I
don't know I'm we haven't seen it yet
and I've had it for like two weeks a
week I can't even keep track anymore
it's too early I have to watch the yet
and I think I want to watch it I've been
wanting to watch it with angry Grampa
but he doesn't want to talk right now
he's still pissed off about the
mannequin challenge and I'm giving the
guy a space so I'm not gonna see dad's
probably a week now good lord no for
real like when it's pissed off we don't
see him for a while I have to force my
over there sometime next week
yeah do the giant pancake thing oh my
gosh I'm so excited if you have a guy
don't know pretty soon we're gonna be
making that gigantic pancake like the
movie Uncle Buck
but anyway forget all that I'm just
getting woke up let's get this Saturday
started he wasn't coffee
I don't you so I feel like you're still
making fun of me because I'm tired
you're cueing your tweet do not make it
funny to celebrate the fact that we're
watching the mcjuggernuggets documentary
later I thought what better way for me
to celebrate the documentary then by
cooking a recipe psycho dad gave me when
psycho dad was here he was you know
being what he is but after we all made
up and went to dinner we all started
talking he gave me a recipe for
spaghetti now he didn't give me a
the recipe for the spaghetti itself he
gave me the recipe for next day
spaghetti so last night I ordered some
spaghetti now this is chicken parm pasta
okay he told me what to do is heat it up
in a pan
the next day get it crispy on the bottom
and they needed so today we're making
psycho dad's pasta so first we're gonna
start off with a little bit of butter
and that's thrown in there and we are
gonna melt that shit down melt butter
melt okay so we want this butter to melt
and then we're just tossed our toss on
our pasta right into the pan as soon as
that melts which will be very soon
actually hmm I better get a spatula oh
no you're over I wasn't ready for this
what it is way too early to not have a
spatula oh crap there we go okay butter
is almost melted might even be too much
butter I better test psycho dad and
asking just kidding I don't have his
number okay here we go
just toss it in there I should probably
start on the other side actually we flip
this there you go so took it out of that
now just putting it flat into the pan
all right it is in there psycho dad it's
better be good
and cover the lens so I guess the basic
idea for this recipe is if you have
spaghetti you want to eat some of the
next day you put a little butter in a
pan you put the spaghetti at the bottom
of the pin you at the bottom crispy flip
it get it crispy flip it cover it with
cheese put it on a plate that's what
psycho dad said he said it's delicious
we're trying it
wrong I got a text Jesse told me school
shame not right that was sarcasm how are
you guys it has been about 15 minutes
now I'm gonna fight a little bit it's
gonna be a mess I don't expect it to
stay together but I don't care out of
mind get under it
whoa Unforgiven up okay it's got that
crisper to bottom but now we're doing it
to the other side fellas just chillin
next to me watching me cook some pasta
you hung a girl you can't have it all
right I think it's enough crisp on the
bottom now we're going to cheese it up
it's just a mozzarella cheese boys it
ain't easy being cheesy there we go so
now we've sprinkled our cheese we wait
for it to melt and we convert them to
that plate which is actually grandpa's
plate and we stole it so let's get ready
for this according to psycho dad now it
should just slide right into this place
and it did boom no chicken left behind
are you guys will sort of take a peek at
the bottom of this well I start eating
him so the crispy bottom
Bridget film eating this thing looks
good as hell all right here it is psycho
dad's recipe better be good Hey
mmm that's good hey oh well psycho dad
you didn't lie it's delicious I will not
be doing this every time I make
spaghetti like I told you guys the
beginning this is chicken parm pasta but
I mean how different could it be
and the Secretary's me you dumb son of a
bitch it's gotta be spaghetti no I throw
it out so I want to take a minute to
show you guys the Christmas tree we
decorated it looks beautiful babe you've
done this two days in a row that's not
quick mate
that was like an attack mode right now
look at this I bet if I'm like watches
oh my god Bella nothing she's ready to
go dude oh oh wait oh you'll be too cute
right now and YouTube does not need cute
oh my god a new Christmas tree huge
stuff hey if you're gonna film - at
least get some lights notice you are
hey but okay so what is wrong with cute
stuff why do I keep like saying we can't
have it yeah cuz I'm pretty sure people
like to see our cute little dogs bridge
I've from me right now YouTube's extra
broken okay and the last thing that I
want is people going oh fuck them okay I
don't want cute stuff right now okay I
don't think people do I'm talking about
getting a pet armadillo an armadillo
armadillo just to be edgy in hipster huh
I'm not really getting a pet armadillo
chipping
what though please guys she's like
really thinking about it thinking Lea if
we were to get a pet armadillo how would
we take care of it well I don't know we
had to pull up Google directions on how
to take care of an armadillo like would
it be an outside pattern and inside even
beyond like a chain and stuff we walk
around with them inside we're not
getting a pet armadillo oh it was
sarcasm
that you took serious no no Pet
armadillo we got Bella oh she might look
like a platypus
Bella stop be a cutie do something crazy
oh my god that's too cute you want a pet
stuff
boy is that this sign we should get
another Bulldog no okay we need I don't
know 15 boxes is enough 15 boxes babe I
think 15 boxes is like far too much too
much too much
okay guys right now we are trying to
come up with our grocery list for the
giant pancake challenge that we're doing
and I think 15 boxes isn't enough
Bridget thinks is too many I think I
think you should do like 5:00 5:15
Bridget Michael we're talking about a
stack of gigantic pancakes I know
they're not gonna be this big they need
to be like this big wait he's making
more than one pancake yeah you gotta
have a stack when you eat pancakes who
gets one fucking pancake sorry I'm
thinking 30 boxes
oh no it's charge 30 boxes so no come on
just come on dude and we get three boxes
of pancake mix for this I don't want to
get it off one store I'm gonna be
embarrassed they were like oh you like
pancakes what's this I would rather like
split it between stores like three
different stores ten boxes each store oh
my gosh
in event let's just do 15 then I'll just
tell people like what do we tell people
we really like pancakes we're having a
pancake luncheon for like school I don't
know oh my god okay 15 or 30 boxes of
the pancake mix now syrup huh couple of
big jugs more than that are you kidding
big how many like 10 I don't know what
is good but if it dies we're gonna have
to have a big ol chunk of butter on it
you guys if you don't follow what I'm
doing holy crap we got to get like tubs
of butter for those I want to make the
pancakes from the movie Uncle Buck now I
have gotten a snow
shovel to flip the damn pancake with
we're getting a slab of metal to heat it
over a fire in the backyard and we're
going to get a trash can to mix the
pancake mix with it's going to be crazy
we're making that gigantic pancake and
the real reason behind it is I know
dad's gonna fail it doing it and it's
gonna be really funny dude what if he's
like the master I'm making giant parent
gates oh then we'll be in a stack of
gigantic pancakes but I don't foresee
that happening dad seems to think he's
gonna have no problem with it oh my god
he's like I was like that what kind of
shovel do you need a shovel so what kind
of spatula TV can be a regular go to
this character huh my dad you do realize
it gonna be this fucking big you're not
flipping that with a spatula so anyway I
ordered a pizza turner and a snow shovel
for our spatula so this thing's gonna be
a big challenge
hopefully we can do it this week does
any of this do us any good on the
thinkin no no no no better okay well
there was no reason for me to do that at
all I want to write down the list look
at this okay guys so everybody knows
this is a Harry Potter book okay here we
go guys
Satan book okay help me with all this
here okay we need lots of eggs right no
we're gonna get the pancake mix that
doesn't do eggs okay what about water
we got we'll do a water hose water hose
so get a water hose a metal like steel
sheet steel grandpa's taking care of
that she oh he's giving this steel sheet
we're gonna get all the pancake mix the
syrups the butter the O butter okay you
guys here we go
here comes our list boom v I said 30
boxes why'd you mark up I mark out 30 is
15 15 boxes of pancake mix guys I need
your opinions below leave a bunch of
comments for Wanda
for YouTube's algorithm so if you want
to give me a suggestion how many boxes
of pancake mix I need leave it five
times if you leave them make sure you
leave a like after your comment and I'll
be sure to see it also if you heard a
rumor if you click like right now a bag
of money will appear next to you we're
talking about a million not only shit
and I can't confirm nor deny that to be
true because it's not true but if you
click like it might happen
yeah it might happen Oh Michael you
should start one of those internet
rumors that everybody posts and stuff
that might work what are you talking
internet rumors that people post yeah
like okay a scary girl of black hair
well into your bedroom at night you
don't want like in the next 10 seconds
you're going to die in three minutes
no seriously though Clegg likes tricked
YouTube out YouTube algorithm okay
bromios shit I gotta fuckin survive this
climate oh here we go 15 boxes pancake
mix big jugs re got someone else so big
jugs
butter you didn't write it or you just
did buddy I said my god that's how I do
my eat look it's er where's our under
the e it's it I got this blue this that
says bunny hey guys okay alright there
it is your R is under the baby so she
goes but oh here let me do it again
talking shit my my riding okay but ah
okay that looks more like butter okay
five five butter yes okay it's upside
down they want to see you so big jugs
pancake mix but a and five bucks yeah
that's what I thought giant pancake
challenge coming next
I'm so excited I was so excited
I'm just checking on you I don't feel
good
no come on don't film this I'm just
checking on you film this dude I'm sorry
you're sick should not have finished
that spaghetti oh when did you eat the
spaghetti what when did you last eat it
I finished it when an hour ago
watch you're not supposed to eat pasta
like that you don't know that to be true
Brigitte Dave I heard it on Restaurant
Impossible
yeah Bridget watched one episode of
Restaurant Impossible and Robert Irvine
was like hey might you go to can people
giving people neck she said he said you
can't eat pasta the glass the left salad
with ear
dude you're burning our show you know
Hospital do you think you should I just
feel I threw up okay
I'm sick of being sick dude this is like
all month I've been taken by mistake for
Christmas
I'm gonna flip dude should I get you
some pepto give you psycho dad's number
because will kick his ass why it's not
his fault he poisoned me Bridget howhow
did he poison you you ate the bad
spaghetti how do you know that's what
this is oh I can only assume it's food
poisoning hey I had to make myself throw
up
whether I'm not even sick right now and
you're just hypochondriac yes I'm saying
dude if that's the case I'm turn this
camera off and Bridget how old was that
cheese cuz I was gonna freak this was
breaking the cheese I sprinkled over it
I feel like it's old what cheese was it
the mozzarella mozzarella
what what it's like this Argento's march
of realities it's in a bag it was
already opened it smelled a little
strange if I'm sick cuz okay first of
all I do not remember buying mozzarella
cheese so that should tell you how old
are those yeah oh my god and it smells
funny why don't you eat it all cheese
smells funny to make cheese things no
mozzarella psycho dad said sprinkle
cheese over it's his fault Michael come
on it's not us oh he's not your
scapegoat there I don't really think he
got me sick Oh guys don't you need in a
hair I'm really glad to hear that cuz he
seriously ah don't poop like in our food
is wrong with you I get a stomach ache
in you birth a blanket of me I want to
touch your stomach I don't want you to
okay come on let's take some pepto I
don't I'm gonna snap her Jimmy a pep
down the room feels like it's spinning I
feel dizzy I just need to go to sleep
I'm not taking pep though it never works
and I throw it up fucking instantly
alright
psycho dad poison P no okay Michael no
he didn't not really
you ate rotten cheese and I don't know
why you did that
is it the cheese or the pasta you could
even see some business she is yeah I
mean I saw that thing had argue when I
arguing it sick her just get out
edit the vlog together please little
film until I got you some pepper I'm not
taking it babe I feel fine I feel better
do you yes I just need water probably
take this I'll get you some water
I can't take it you know I can't take
all you need I'm gonna throw up
right here in the bed fine then I'll
take it oh no no the gap I'll be fine
just go
why are you still singing there cuz I
want you to take your pepto the gym it
to me you're gonna sit yourself
he's probably take it what does that
even mean I'm gonna shit myself you
obviously have food poisoning I'm
feeling better
are you oh just don't take oh my god oh
oh laughing up a new water I'm just a
little sick okay if I didn't make psycho
dead stupid recipe okay it is not his
fault
I'm not really playing him bridge I'm
just venting I love Jeff he's a cool guy
we made good I'm not saying he poisoned
me I just need to bet cuz I don't feel
good
drink some water
hey mom you need more pepto no your she
can't take it I forgot to tell you a
pillow form what so you did that for a
laugh you been
how you feeling
what is it
96.9 I'm not to tell you huh hey cold oh
all right
was that a bad temperature no wait what
do you want from me I could see the look
in your face we should do the outro I
Mia for today you guys thanks for
watching today was an alright day um
Michael is sick are you sick why is
there like a question yeah I mean you
didn't have a fever and you're not cold
it's like a stomach thing my head feels
fine
I feel nauseated I think you're lying
that's fine Bridget I think you're full
of shit I don't feel a hundred percent
I feel like 70% maybe you're just like
dehydrated I had that whole bottle of
water oh you just had a set felt like
the whole goddamn thing could you get
out of my face with the camera now I
thought you were doing your outro
alright alright
like subscribe favorite follow me on
everything either put up what follow
everything elder Cabrera I can't do it
no more okay follow everything for to us
what's for dinner I thought was for a
little bit
I just realized John Cena's on Saturday
why tonight I want to see it just say
you're tired or something oh excuse me I
was sick and I think it was really
poison it yes okay try to cover the lid
same time yeah let's do that again
