what's going on you guys get behind a
camera here
Fedora see ya Wow dammit
damn I felt my Kafka and I ruined the
intro oh okay is the fear pissed off
thank you
no I was not I was like slightly
annoying what's going on you guys I'm
deleting where I call okay yeah this is
funny
get it out is that obnoxious okay what's
going on you guys
kid behind a camera here this is the
first time I've talked we did no
previous kid be on camera here
prince2 I see you okay what what's going
on you guys kid be on a camera here
vigil ser doing this for the first third
time ah but now you keep all of it
fine today is Friday oh my gosh heavy
fuck Friday today is Friday and today if
you haven't seen the video we uploaded
in the main channel which you probably
did it because YouTube's broken and I'm
gonna give you that a little bit YouTube
is so broken when I'm speaking don't go
oh yeah oh yeah I'm trying to make a
point I'm actually I was making up
YouTube is broken I'm gonna get into
that a little bit I uploaded the
American challenge bridge if you haven't
seen it check it out I wasn't gonna
acknowledge it we're gonna keep going
and you had to laugh okay Michael now
when I smelled as it came out no I'm not
cutting it out let's get this blog
started if you hadn't seen the video
stop this it doesn't sink that bad oh so
bad okay listen
if you didn't see a video we uploaded
yesterday we decorated our tree there it
is
okay I'll show you the tree I covered it
up too quick
this is our tree we finally look for a
bit ornament aside from the three you
got me oh yeah we really showed them
just because it was blurry but we got
English Bulldog Boston Terrier him
English Bulldog but no Felix okay
Bridget I told you I forgot about Felix
okay that's the explanation
I forgot Felix was a thing Felix I'm
sorry
so were you trying to show fix one nail
polish nail polish is not cute no it's
not twinkle on my other favorite come on
put it back on the tree put it back on
one okay yeah the whole function but now
looks different to me oh babe you've
ruined it look at this say they say you
think I look good here okay my favorite
is 10 man
oh I'm blurting man you bastard my
second-favorite ah not until 10 min
unborn
oh I'm getting mad he's not boring
Oh to be able to show this ornament I
had to hide the lights with my hand so
there it is finally unblurred the tinman
owner man now it's now the whole tree is
blurry was it worth it my cake I was it
wasn't my other favorite shoes it stays
focused now if I go close to it and now
the tree is boring okay this can't well
if it's gonna be blurry let's just show
Bridgette oh wait and I'm bored on your
face smile what's that smell
you know it's Clyde no Cod buddy do you
need a bath God poor coin or is it my
shoes oh my god it might suck you don't
make a joke I'm not
I'm not doing it
okay you guys want a smell Bridget shoo
yeah blew my head off oh my god we're
upstairs right now because we got to
give Clyde a bath
because he stinks I don't know what
happened but he stinks I maybe was
rolling around outside I don't know but
he stinks it's time for and take a bath
the other dogs are they getting a bath
or no they good yeah they're good
it's just Clyde no you just how stink so
anyway
Clyde sorry in advance because you're
gonna hate this don't worry buddy
it's so real quick
you try to avoid getting quite a bath
cause usually your hot spot bathroom oh
yeah why was this the hot spot okay bud
I know quiet has flattened himself out
onto the floor of the pool of the
bathtub
I wasn't cool at the bath now he's back
up how you liking your bath buddy huh
you must um Clyde you're almost done not
quite though okay hey Claude just got
out of the bath knees in a good old mood
now whoa there we go
is this too cute for you to talk over
Lynde again all right God gives a boy
drag yourself on the carpet for me there
you go just like that
Oh Clive before I go into my YouTube
brant which I'm gonna get into I don't
usually rant about YouTube but right now
I'm gonna rant about YouTube pick a boy
again lick hey f piccaboo on fleek I
don't we use any of those correct I
don't think my own fleek is out is that
what is called if I'm like ranting I'm
on fleek uh maybe anyway this right here
is the extra stuff that I didn't use in
the mannequin challenge prank video we
did demanding that this is we did it a
couple of times as you're going to see
it was about ten minutes I'm a dad stand
in the mannequin position so that's why
you got so pissed I just cut some of
that out and the song you're gonna
notice is completely different because I
got the beat for a guy I forget his name
now I'm only apologize we pull up on
YouTube because he did do a good job on
the beat one second I'm sorry I'm
wasting his time Alex Smith guy named
Alex Smith did it but I didn't get
permission to use it in the vlog just
that video so I'm going to use the
original song we intended which is
nothing like the mannequin challenge
song but that's what I'm gonna use for
this here we go extra footage check this
out the test run for the managers are
you already tired too
it's gotta be right do you not want to
do it it looks like a baby now the
really bad thing is Charlie have you do
something so you are not holding the
camera but you're you ready yeah fishes
go
action you're stroking right now you
know I had a feeling like that was going
to be the taste oh it's definitely the
take you should have seen how I was
filming it oh man just do it
you messed it up yeah yeah
why are you getting so mad oh yeah hold
up but hey it's not that can you goddamn
thing it's like one pound yeah do it I
will get real now yeah you guys are some
real emotion out okay
okay we'll be doing it in just a second
and hold your places
nobody move all right oh he's gonna I
thought see what I was just about to say
action he we had is now that you saw the
extras from the mannequin challenge I
want to take my time to rant about
YouTube number one the lack of sending
notifications to people I had hundreds
of people on Twitter today asking me
when I was going to upload the mannequin
challenge video after it was already
uploaded and the only explanation is
they weren't notified so if you are
subscribed to my channel and you want to
Swiss guarantee you receive
notifications click on the bell because
apparently
in YouTube you gotta subscribe twice so
that yeah I know that's how it has to
work
yeah that's what I'm ranting about right
now when somebody subscribes to me and
they watch my content send them my
content because they want to see it now
one of the problems YouTube was having
is they don't know if you want to see my
content or not and they're not judging
by the fact if you watch the video or
not they're deciding that but I if
you're interacting with the video if
you're liking and if you're favoring if
you're favoring it I can't say that word
favoriting is your favorite I'm out I'm
fine so if you're liking commenting
favoriting all of that stuff so for this
video if you guys want to show YouTube
that you guys watch my content and you
want to receive notifications right not
a second to going on right now click the
like button leave a comment as many
comments as you can leave 20 comments
leave 5 comments leave one comment I
went backwards with that I should have
been going we have a bunch of comics
wait wait wait this isn't some cheap way
to get likes is that no of course not no
this is not no I it really isn't you
guys know yeah I really is seriously
it's not everybody's been talking about
it lately if you want your notifications
be sent out you gotta click like and
it's getting you know I try to find ways
to interact with you guys through the
clicking the like option and that's
another way of doing it right now so
click like right now in the video leave
a comment right now call me a pig I
don't care there's why we're like a
thousand Pig comments oh my god leave a
comment and say I'm fat don't come on I
don't want to encourage hate only low no
but I want my guys call me pig out come
on don't do this don't do any of that
just like leave a comment show show
YouTube that you guys want to see our
videos because apparently on YouTube
vesting only way to get it now that's
not the only problem with YouTube right
now the other problem is the fact that
it's delete views you know what the hell
is that YouTube effect is thank God it's
not just me
okay yeah yeah I was like oh my god
grandma's text I tweeted I text friend
from grim soy show oh my what's going on
are you having this problem to YouTube
delete a 30,000 views from his video
last night did gone what the hell now
for instance the grandpa got robbed on
Christmas video I put it up a grandpa's
corner real-time for that video was a
hundred and fifty thousand it is a
hundred fifty thousand views when I woke
up publicly you could see seventy five
thousand views now is the twelve
thousand damn people just decided not to
watch it they unwatched it yeah people
like no camera tricks that one yeah yeah
only twelve thousand lights in like
seven or seven thousand likes and like
twelve thousand views YouTube fix your
shit you're deleting use you're not
sending notifications to people what is
it it's ridiculous fix whatever's going
on so you got the view glitz going on
you've got the unsubscription glitch
where if I upload a video people just
unsubscribe from the channel oh my god
I'm finding that I'm unsubscribe from
people that I watch oh my god subscribe
for mcjuggernuggets either you tell yes
that happen to me it's unsubscribing me
it doesn't subscribe me it unsubscribe
me from keemstar I don't subscribe me
from another Nuggets its choose it's
like yeah you don't want to see him no
more watch it every day I know I want to
be subscribed to these people so I don't
mean to rant you guys I don't usually
rant this is the Christmas rant I'm
getting pissed YouTube I love ya 50 shit
okay it's like we're exes and like fever
like doing shit after you've left me
here man like that night off
okay I'm fucking at YouTube please as a
favor to me fix your shit I'm just fixin
so like I said you guys click like leave
a comment tell youtube to go fuck
themselves let's finish this now don't
really say that I'm not so I'm saying
figuratively clicking like tell them to
go fuck themselves
anyway let's finish this vlog
well that's gonna be a for today guys
thanks for watching I want to take a
minute to first apologize for subjecting
you to my YouTube or hint I know I rant
it I don't usually ran and I don't want
you guys to think that it's all about
views it's not completely about views
but the problem is when you spend so
much time and effort working on
something like I do with the mannequin
challenge and the reason people aren't
seeing is because YouTube isn't sending
out notifications to people that's a
little disheartening it's like people
would see it but YouTube's being a piece
of crap so I was I was really
disheartened I was really annoyed but it
is what it is I hope you guys check it
out what my favorite videos top 5
exactly it's one of my favorite sucks we
upload it on a broken day I know you
want to take a second to make fun of
Bridget for a second because what you it
was in this vlog I'd cut it out of the
main video when Bridget got really close
to grandpa's tongue Oh Liss she was good
America challenge and she was like close
to my filming it is fought not one he
was in his position he was too close to
useful yes let's look at this
she was all over that grill dude she's
like hey grandpa what do you up to
anyway
I'm gonna get at it is really funny that
was I love anyway what are you gonna get
a ting here thanks for watching you guys
if you haven't seen it insert the clip
of the cat go watch the YouTube video
the mannequin challenge break it's
really good go check it out I'm gonna
get out of here
like subscribe y'all come back now
ah if you guys get notified we do upload
daily yeah if you don't get notified
about this vlog but yes everyday just
please check ok
yeah or like subscribe favorite wait
follow everything for to us
you
