what's going on you guys keep you out of
camera here but to us he are right there
and today is Sunday Monday Monday
today is Monday ok it's technically
Sunday we film a day ahead today is
Monday and today is gonna be a cooking
vlog I'm excited I'm really excited to
oh my gosh guys before everybody starts
talking it's like oh there goes the diet
we're still on the diet I'm actually
down 5 pounds and I feel better than
ever I don't really okay it's just 5
pounds ok I know it's nothing 5 pounds
actually alive I'm trying to I even
think your sleep out and it's getting
better
no it's gotten worse because like 5
pounds that's five pounds lesser I'm
your one okay can we not do this guys
today is Monday and we are still the
diet but we have a problem
me and Bridget have been trying to
conquer angry grandpas old recipes
because we're realizing this food is
just so amazing and we missed it guys
we're not gonna be able to eat any of
that food anymore and we were talking
and I was like this sucks there's a
number of things that we want to try the
cook number one for Bridget was turkey
wings yes I really wanted to try to make
the turkey wings number two for Kim was
his chicken and rice and she actually
did make chicken and rice yesterday and
it looked just like it said it looked
just like his guys so we got ah so we
got the chicken and rice recipe we're
gonna work on the turkey wings maybe
next week but today we want to make
chicken fried chicken I'm worried guys
if you don't know what chicken fried
chicken is it's like a boneless
flattened chicken fried steak but made
with chicken and it's served with white
gravy and mashed potatoes and rolls and
oh god we got to cook right and forget
it I'm ready to cook I'm really cook
right now guys am I gonna conquer the
recipe I don't know am I gonna try
absolutely am I breaking from the diet
absolutely not until Valentine's Day cuz
we got to eat we're going to the store
in just a few minutes to get everything
to start cooking dinner but before we do
all wanting to take a quick second to
talk about Valentine's Day because guys
I got an angry grandpa Valentine's Day
video coming for you it is gonna be my
first
reload now before you get mad and say oh
you're doing a reload hear me out guys I
am doing the angry grandpa Valentine's
Day video from 2012 it was called angry
grandpas forever alone it's actually
stolen the angry grandpa's show channel
right now it had very low views and I
decided to re-upload it however I'm not
just gonna re upload the video because I
noticed I still had the original files
from 2012 and what do you do when you
have the original files from 2012 you
re-edit the video now what do you do
when you re edit the video you include
stuff that wasn't in it originally guys
the original video is two minutes this
one's gonna be more like five okay this
is a reupload with stuff you have never
seen on the angry grandpa's forever
alone video I hope you guys love it I
hope you guys enjoy it there's a lot of
stuff that I cut out and I don't
remember why I cut it out because I'm
watching I'm like why did I cut this out
like this is interesting you know he was
talking about like mom and they had
recently got divorced and I cut it out
maybe I was trying to be sensitive to
that I don't know but there's a lot of
stuff in there that I cut out of the
video that nobody's ever seen so guys
Valentine's Day new angry grandpa video
you never seen it before you might have
seen some of it but the views were so
low one at anyway that I was like I'm
reloading it and I'm recutting this
thing hope you guys liked it
angry grandpas forever alone yeah here's
a clip hey Mike you ever give mom
anything Valentine's Day anyway I don't
think she's got that is coming this
Wednesday you guys I hope you love it I
can't wait for you guys to see it
Valentine's Day let's get to the store
in just a second I asked you guys in
yesterday's vlog to click like if you
wanted us to make chicken fried chicken
which was one of grandpas patented
recipes and frankly one I don't think he
ever cooked on camera what I don't think
we ever ate on camera with Grandpa it's
just one of those meals that rather than
recording the chicken
fried chicken we just they did I was
like no vlog chicken fried chicken
today there's a vlog with chicken fried
chicken dad I love you this is your
recipe please don't steer me wrong
because you did not have any real
recipes they were all up here in the
lockbox known as your brain so I don't
know if I'm gonna do it right I'm gonna
fail I'm not joking you better leave the
house hmm we're doing anything else but
you we just gotta lighten up this
chicken oh look its disgusting
okay yeah God why is that one so red
look I don't look dark meat or meat glue
I can't tell right breast it's not dark
meat so why it's a dark though okay now
this is gross dinners cancels but guys I
have to show you a masterpiece or questo
it looks good dude oh my god macaroni
and cheese mashed potatoes gravy rolls
sweet tee' sweet peas oh yeah dad I'm
making it hopefully it's good like I'm
really worried that I don't live up
dad's expectations oh I hope it's so
good it's good right oh my god why
potato water in my hand all right let's
just continue the conversation I'm
really worried I'm not gonna lower dad's
expectations uh-huh I'm sure it's gonna
be a mane okay I'm gonna like cover the
lens now you need help making chicken
fried chicken like grandpa you guys you
got a cook like him
you got a could without measurements yes
yeah nothing he mastered all of his
recipes right here he knew what he was
doing he knew how to do it and he just
did so I got to kind of do the same
thing so here is my flour mixture I
bought this house archery chicken
breaded mix2 that I
some panko breadcrumbs some onions salt
some pepper some paprika and grandpa's
favorite seasoning old bay he loved
those but okay old bay is kind of
invisible is it okay I don't know how
much is going in there good perfect I
don't want to overdo it on all day
why am I doing this by hand what am I
thinking I don't know but they're
knocking on the counters it's probably
Java Michael trying I told you just go
to a huge mess try Michael I am trying
but I already tell you I'm failing
didn't you guys used to move house to
house over mess yes it's not really
filthy we moved it's easier than
cleaning oops we had a pair of clothes
yeah dresser our beds
move all because we don't want to clean
a mess so you moved everything but the
trash oh yeah we clean the trash oh
that's funny
next up is frying our chicken you guys
right here I've taken some boneless
chicken after I pounded it flat we got
salt pepper paprika right over and I'm
just gonna drop it and a flour mixture
now usually you're supposed to have one
dry hand one wet hand I don't have that
lug dream holding a camera so I can hold
it this is my wet hand so I'm just gonna
get this in there you really want to Pat
the flour in you know what now I have to
dry my god getting on the counter
Bridget I don't need this right now
guys you really want to compact it into
it you really want to flour to get all
over this flour into that that's what
I'm talking about boy that looks pretty
great
please please please don't wash off dude
I think it's friggin Nick you're like
nailing it the grease might be too damn
hot why Tom before oh my god
there's brewing please stop saying that
this is cooking real fast
I'm scared go back in it's like dying
no it isn't is it it's picking mad quick
I had to let out that Yelp know what bro
it's only on three what the cooking so
fast
I don't know just wait wait do it happen
but maybe it's normal I can cover it
Hania project
next up is our white gravy if you don't
know how to make white gravy you're
gonna learn today and this is a
heart-stopper you are starting off
melting butter you guys you're going to
make a basic room which is butter and
flour a little bit of salt and pepper
and then you're gonna do elements of
chicken broth and half-and-half and
flavorings and see you got something
that you like so that's what we're doing
right now starting off with butter and
then flour the butter is starting to
fall up you guys so I'm going for the
flour I haven't gonna use the seasoned
flour just because why not add a couple
of spoonfuls of this you don't want to
do too much you guys you can screw it up
so I'm doing it in small increments for
instance you're gonna add this you see
if I need more which I will I'm gonna
need more a couple more spoonfuls
probably this is what you're looking for
which is essentially just called a roux
now you want to cook this for a few
minutes you guys to cook that raw flour
taste out and then you'll be good to go
to start adding some liquid add a little
bit of salt and pepper
simultaneously pthere's Santa Claus
Santa shakers
wait a minute Santa Claus Santa shakers
salt pepper shakers chicken stock once
again small amounts at a time you guys
cuz oh and don't fog up your lens if
you're cooking it come on
I'm fog half-and-half this stuff takes a
little while you guys but boy is it
worth it
are you guys bridget is trying the gravy
oh my god anything this gravy is in my
heart and I don't know if it's in a good
way or a bad way dude probably a bad way
as she goes for a second block every
airway you want what's going on I need
help
are you that sick I can't mash these
maybe you can't you just want me to do
it yeah what's going on they're cooked
are they they gotta be what if they're
not you screwed up dinner
I can't tell that was sarcastic or what
was that real God you're sick where are
you actually sick though you you can
pretend all you want that call for
sneeze or whatever that was really huh
made a mistake I didn't want Bridget to
find out okay folks the potatoes weren't
done they just they weren't done and I
was hoping to do this before Bridget
comes back in huh
I made a boiled hot water pouring it
back over them no it's not just cooking
again see why is it nasty it's just
gross yeah okay it does all right
but we're boiling it again we're gonna
give these jeez I can't do nothing right
from thumbnail purposes here is all the
chicken I'm leaving enough room dad
grandpa
yeah even getting your salt let me get
you seriously yeah I need ring here okay
again this a goofy face are you crossing
your eyes I don't know
what should I do maybe you like the
chicken look at this okay that's a good
one okay do keep your face a goofy one
like how like cross your eyes so this oh
my god what no I'm scared
look G the thumbnail I think come back
hurts this is like making those patty
melts but this is worth it you got it
gravy we gotta shake it name shoulder
gravy look ghost how it turned out
hmm hmm you really want to season this
to taste when you make it you guys you
want to add less salt have that stuff
you want to add a pinch of sugar add a
picture sugar gonna add a little bit of
onion powder right in delicious YUM
I'm ready to make a point how about you
yes Oh Bridget Blue is mac and cheese
Bridget make folks oh god oh god is that
my plate yep okay I'll take it
Bridget oh my god oh my god oh oh my god
I know you're Tellez
Oh Bridget folks look at this point when
you have your mashed potatoes
oh yeah of course Oh folks what is what
okay oh my god grandpa's dinner now is
it better than grandpa's probably not
probably not probably not but this is
pretty good yeah pretty pretty good all
right go Bridget all right chicken fried
chicken cooked perfectly
oh man mmm Oh how is it it's good
it looks amazing it ain't as good as
dads but just as close as I can get mmm
I'm sure he'd be really happy actually
you would probably be more like he's all
right you saw Emily was I oh my gosh
this was it okay now here's one they
want to give you your mashed potatoes
and your macaroni you're better than
dads really we're getting out of here in
just a few minutes you guys but before
we do I gotta show you something very
funny okay like your trolling fans right
now guys it's not so much trolling as
we're allowing something to happen guys
we started playing Friday the 13th with
a bunch of you guys we love to invite
the
and just people that want to play the
game with us every night when we play
Friday the 13th oh yeah and this guy for
some reason thinks somebody else in the
chatroom is us there's a guy named Bama
he's a friend of ours and for some
reason this other guy that chat room was
like hey what's up Mike or Bama it's
Obama is playing along and trolling this
guy like he's me and this guy is biting
onto every word and we're in like the
headset like yeah I'm a huge fan too I
love them and this guy has no clue
what's going on when you see this blog
tomorrow man you are talking to me you
were on my I know I tried to tell him I
was like know the bamas not meet I'm me
he goes haha yeah okay yo grab my I'm
Michael buzzes get away
let the trolling begin so guys I want to
show you some of this conversation
they're having right now because he
knows what spimi Oh pity I don't know
Bama is not Michael I am Michael I am
kid behind the camera what's going on
you guys get behind the camera here did
you ask yeah right there
oh hey guys I just want to give you a
brief shout out to the Bama the best
youtuber in the world you got mr. Kratz
subscribe too well that's gonna be it
for today you guys thanks for watching
I'm gonna keep my voice down as low as I
can as well as speed this up because
bridge is actually asleep it's like 5
o'clock in the morning you guys I'm
going to bed
this mess is still behind me that's true
that is the mess made my chicken fried
chicken look at this dude this is what
it's like cooking chicken fried chicken
I gotta clean this up and then go to bed
this is it that's the reason you don't
cook guys I'm giving outta here I just
wanted to take a second to tell you guys
thank you so much
just for everything for clicking like in
yesterday's vlog for for buying the gone
but not forgotten shirt you guys which
is now officially gone so if you've got
the gone but not forgotten show thank
you so much like thank you thank you for
wanting to see this music video when it
drops on Friday
thank you for just continuous support
over the years
it's nothing that I can repay it's
nothing that my family could repay I
could just say thank you for it thank
you so much it means everything
just a few minutes ago on Twitter I
actually posted the very first snippet
for the see you soon video and I don't
know if the quality is gonna be up for
snuff for the vlog because it's rendered
low-quality but I just wanted to show it
to you anyway this is the quick preview
that I just posted on Twitter
I am really excited to show you guys
this video it's been an amazing project
and it's not gonna be my last video this
is just the first of hopefully a lot
more videos I got the Juliet video
coming out I got a bunch of ideas for
videos you guys I'm excited this is this
is some of the stuff that I've wanted to
do that I just kept putting on the
backburner and I'm just not doing it
anymore so you guys the first one drops
Friday and it's gonna be on iTunes and
Spotify in Google and everywhere it's
gonna be freaking everywhere okay you
can hear it you can watch it on YouTube
everywhere thanks for watching you guys
that was our chicken fried chicken
recipe you guys hopefully it look good
enough to eat
just not cleaned cuz it looks rough I
still mess up so look at this a
bloodshot eyes filthy kitchen and still
can't conquer grandpa's chicken fried
chicken recipe this day sucks guys we're
getting out of here thanks for watching
on Kim's channel she actually conquered
the chicken and rice recipe so that's
one down now we just gotta figure out
the rest thanks for watching you guys
great day thank you for everything and
like subscribe favorite
you
