what's going on you guys lazy ass behind
a camera here to us here right there and
today
why are you lazy because we haven't
cleaned and I refuse to get off my ass
to do anything why I'm gonna tell them
that I just want to play The Last of Us
today is Wednesday and today I'm extra
lazy let's just we have to decorate the
tree there's a lot we ever avoiding
we're avoiding cleaning up we're
avoiding cleaning the pizza from
yesterday we're avoiding cleaning the
box that we shipped ourselves in for
yesterday's vlog we're avoiding
everything because we're playing The
Last of Us and I was supposed to do the
mannequin challenge video today oh my
gosh oh my god we're so lazy we forgot
tomorrow we're gonna do it tomorrow you
guys know we can we got to stop being so
lazy and out lately do wear extra leis
you guys but I just want to play the
game that's changing today
we're decorating the tree today we're
cleaning the house today I'm preparing
for the mannequin challenge I don't know
what we are making something we're
cooking down look last word
um one you're gonna flippin pass with
your the Latin one no that's not it
pickle boy it's so comfortable
put the cigar oh my god this joke wasn't
worth it Bridget I'm stuck no wait oh my
gosh oh my gosh
I'm not let the dogs in and put this
blanket back over you stupid do I look
right now
you look pretty dumb on the boss look
move it and shit yeah like why are you
doing this you know I thought it'd be
fun we look like I'm in a four yeah it
was kind of that only what the dogs into
happen okay yeah hang on it also for my
fascia oh my god I'm
on camera yeah but were completely
children trying to guard my face I'm how
all right geez dude Villawood ape shit
why she got scared cuz I was in the box
and started going crazy oh my gosh maybe
just thought you were like an intruder
she's gone now she like she whizzed by
dude what the hell yeah I threw guys I'm
saying holy shit Bella I'm sorry for
scaring good guy guys I just get are you
okay she didn't bite me she was like
warning yours I'm killing one oh dude
that was scary is Bella Bella that's
lazy yeah I don't
that was scary was it what if we just
freaking eat okay I got it
you want to throw it away and stuff but
that's cleaning let's just eat it start
eating no Michael no I know I want you
to make something for dinner
I'm tired of shitty pizza and by the way
guys I did not like this pizza
yeah the pizza was nice is ready so
let's show this it was really
unfortunate it's like there's like so
much missing from it yeah like why is
not only three pieces of this cheese
left a cheese pizza was disgusting I
know oh yes you're not God we were so
impressed with it yesterday we're like
oh my god you guys got to see this it's
glistening oh so Cindy hey perfect
timing 15 we need help cleaning em who
do you help cleaning and we need help
put the tree together please
and I need some help wrapping presents
please help me ah ha she flies you're
not really going are you she'll be back
she's not literally leaving I think
she's just fucking around
he's obviously late she's obviously been
away like he was food or something right
wait
dinnertime are you need help clear the
pool house - mom oh my god she's joking
she is leaving she's out Michael come on
I thought it was a joke she didn't want
to hope maybe yeah well that's great
yeah mom's gone I was really looking
forward to why she's parked by the pool
house that I don't know I just question
everything whoa well you know our
housing like bad there's still a box on
the floor from yesterday's vlog but I
don't want to cream
Michael there's this lootcrate that
didn't include in the vlog yesterday
that's been opened we got all this tree
stuff I don't want to deal we got to
clean it doesn't look that bad in here
to me though it doesn't mean why do we
gotta clean let's just play last of us
order pizza Lu okay then why are you
freaking out they're good pizza table
yeah so Bridget just reminded me that
the other day we pranked my brother for
his birthday and I didn't even include
it in the vlog dad wanted to get him a
special birthday cake oh my gosh guys
I've never seen
grandpa being this color before it's
very clever grandpa wanted to give him a
clever birthday cake to prank him with
because he just got out of jail and I
forgot I didn't include it I never used
it so that's what this is I forgot to
use it but I still got it
so here you guys go Charlie's birthday
prank hope you guys enjoy it
Charlie hope you're over it by now is a
couple days ago so anyway here we go
well we're sitting here with Charlie now
and it's his birthday so today later but
you're joking uh sort of okay thank you
yeah all right appreciate you guess the
most obvious one first
we got your cake you like those don't
you that's a good cake think you were
addicted in 1.88 Nick oh happy birthday
jailbird candy bar does it really say
everything jailbird oh honey that is
really cool I love that anybody want to
cut a piece of the cake awesome ah date
us cupcake okay go tell you if you get a
cupcake
but I think it'd do it right now come on
you go do it happy birth what the hell
what's going on whatever yes you did it
dad
Wow the mail file baked into the cake
definitely coming behind you right there
is that the only one
Hey yeah you need one thought may not do
it oh you've made the cake and out of
that ice all over you thinking he was
gonna hacksaw holder in a jail
where's blade oh shit there's a blade in
there go okay this is too much
wait I want to have a list pastry of
wars over here oh wow now you get out of
jail ah I want to eat some of this it's
so good oh my god does the blade all
right Joe this is a lot of unite you get
ya a new man thank you very much I know
I wrote there that I don't heal but yo
somebody yo Charlie yeah
I gotta make a little fire another wife
is okay oh you like a real one that's
got bars on a gentle no matter what he's
getting Jam candy bars it's like no
matter what yeah this is the outside
that's in Lincoln oh god yeah you're you
were free in the how what are you afraid
out all right I've been wrong gay extra
black licorice there yeah I what's in
the bag all right
and so anything you got oh cool
this is definitely like a jail pack
hitch damn oh I'm rolling a corn you
wrap each individual bag
I've always liked that we got your
pillow pillow
oh my headphone cool I just found here -
well you got up here Thank You Fraser
that's a good with us oh yeah knocking
not now though he's yelling at me until
it's already over you are you trying to
encourage this video game addiction yeah
I don't think about that yeah I open
this later opening we don't oh I'll say
go buddy actually Oprah I'm encouraging
encouraging it too well we got it was
hoping to say send like sorry grandpa
yeah my game now I didn't why that's us
Oh Oh Lauren got the headphones we got
the PlayStation Store oh you're you're
dirty again
so were you what do you have you
listened to musical that happy destroyed
Mother's shit he's gonna dad doesn't
want to come out to dinner with us like
son shit thank you that was the stuff we
film with Charles that was his birthday
cake it was a prank we got his ass if
you couldn't tell grandpa baked a nail
file a the actual blade for a saw oh my
god into the cake because the prank is
that's what people do in jail do you
want to give you a like like weapons
they bacon into a cake oh my gosh really
yeah did you not understand it no yes
that's what they invited cuz he was in
jail and that was like gel stuff like a
shank no because that's what people
would bring you stuff baked into cakes
in jail drugs
fucking weapon dude I am just so like ya
know
that I had no idea close-minded well I
guess like I just knew nothing about
that shit
she can't speak right folks so anyway
that aside no but wait am I trying to
use honest to god I don't know like guys
let's don't become swear you think she
meant cuz I don't know but anyway I
wanted you guys to play a little
guessing game guess what we're cooking
tomorrow being that we forgot to cook
tonight what do you think we're making
done done done that's all you get and
the winner is gonna get nothing because
it's probably really easy to guess
anyway you in a good mood now you know
better mood than you were when you try
killing me fellas just looking back over
there like damn that got bad what are
you doing
these two just got into a fight Clyde
and Bella huh how you doing girl
okay let's shift yeah see you Bella this
box really freaks bail out go ahead the
story a girl you want to go and take it
out it's all yours
there you go it's all yours girl take it
out ah so she hates the box but she
somehow loves the box I can't I don't
know what it she loves the box she hates
the box long as you don't try attacking
me I'm trying oh oh the box is got to be
purple she's getting beat up by the up
by the box by herself how you doing girl
she does not like this box we are going
to have to clean to get rid of this box
homegirl
can we get very interesting let's get
rid of it so it just occurred to me that
we didn't cook I said we were going to
cook on vlog we didn't put the tree
together we said we're going to put the
tree together and we didn't clean so
that means all the stuff that we said in
the intro we didn't even do we did
absolutely nothing today we have to stop
it tomorrow because tomorrow we're doing
the mannequin challenge with anger
ground plant I don't want to I don't
want to spoil it I don't wanna tell you
guys my plan but it's going to be a
prime I am pranking angry grandpa with
the mannequin challenge now it's not
gonna be one of those like great we all
stop and grab buzzing wood books kun I
thought about that but huh I thought it
would be a lot funnier if I do it like
the thumbnails where dad's like you got
it that's what I was started thinking
we're pranking grandpa we're do the
mannequin challenge I know a lot there's
so much I got another idea for a
challenge I was thinking about making
the pancake from Uncle Buck which is
this gigantic pancake I was Emma calling
the giant pancake challenge if you guys
want to see that click like because that
is gonna be a hell of a mess I think
we're gonna have to make it outside on a
slab of like metals I don't know it's
gonna be a lot of work and grandpa's
definitely gonna flip out on it but
anyway that's for the future we gotta
start planning some shit tomorrow we got
to do the tree tomorrow we undo the
manikins house we got a lot to do list
do the outro I gotta stop talking well
that's gonna be a pretty day of guys
thanks for watching I had a pretty good
day even though we didn't live up to
anyone yeah it's been a good day as you
can see we made tacos and we decorate
the tree let's blow bulbs
yeah it doesn't look amazing wait don't
show them a tree okay no I already
talked to a minute ago I had explained
we didn't live up to our promise we're
liars
see it's bears such liars we are filthy
disgusting liars Oh anyway that's what
we are so anyway yeah I promise you guys
tomorrow we're doing a lot of
we're gonna upload another video on
grandpa's corner a story I think of
Christmas story I assume it's like we're
gonna tell Halloween story so I'm here I
assume we're gonna tell a Christmas
story also you start following us on
Twitter we're gonna get a lot more
active on there posting videos on
Twitter we got a lot going on you guys
thanks for sticking with us is Bridget
what really charged up to me mmm Twitter
so anyway I'm gonna get out of here
thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe favorite full on everything
for to us and that's it I love you guys
so much tomorrow we're gonna record the
mannequin challenge oh my god
you
