what's going on you guys keep you on a
Deadpool shirt here I have been wearing
this shirt do things like away your son
smell like crap and you know being my
mouth me and you were saying my breath
stinks can I know how I smell please I
smell you now I don't we're going with
Bridget there we are going out to a
restaurant we're going on a date day
double date with Grandpa and Lauren I
need to know if I stink because I'm
wearing this you stink
what does this smell like give a like
tell everybody okay it kind of smells
like dead animals no it does it from are
you serious no it smells like grandma's
fart no dance tiny to know just spray
yourself of Cologne so guess I'm going
to restaurant smell like fart today is
Monday and today we're going out on a
date with Hank
okay so exam I'm going on a date with
the babe why are you repeating yourself
like you already smell like crap I
already said all this yes forget it dude
today's Monday today I'm getting the
vlog started a smell like fart I said it
twice okay very sexy for him I want to
smell very sexy for him yeah I was the
one grandpa once more very sexy for him
anyway this is very sexy for him okay oh
it smell like dead animal school mmm I
just smell like raw cabbage now mixed
clones um well like now you kind of
smell like rotten cabbage shit
maybe another Tommy it's not good to mix
it somebody come on I'm getting I'm a
bear oh well now it just kind of smells
like cooked cabbage that's fart smell
good alright let me pick one out for you
which I guess Rica loans oh this one you
should just use from the stuff my
favorite you look joking you're pranking
me
hmm okay enough all night I smell like a
french whore french whore maybe this
ancient sir I'm wearing this shirt all
right all the other shorts are fucking
filthy I need you do laundry pew pay I
puked and shit and everything and all
God is this outfit but guys let me just
tell you something whenever we were sick
we puked and shit in like Oliver yeah
and I've yet to watch them so now God
okay just point the camera to me now
we're washing machine smells like puke
and shit okay then I don't what you
wanna know that about us I'm deleting on
that from Michael you want that in the
vlog you delete it
nobody smells like farts or pukers oh it
smells great like I smell like a million
bucks yeah I smell like a fifty bucks
you spent two bucks you smell like a
two-bit whore stupid slut by the way if
anybody's ever wondering what a two-bit
whore is cuz that says all the time you
too bitch then I looked it up a two-bit
slut back in the day people pay too bit
Lilly little coins were like bits and a
cheap whore would only be worth two bits
so when dad says you're a two-bit whore
means you're a cheap prostitute so
anyway that isn't any stall shut up
YouTube it's what you're into bit slut
okay my god no oh god just like diarrhea
girl so you know I'm joking we're going
out to dinner it's time for some food
why don't that hurt my feelings my god
we wage it not really
hey alright you guys I decided I can't
wear that stinky shirt what does that
mean so funny
yes looking a scone blueberry scones
when you film this stop all right move
back a little bit
oh my god what okay all right good okay
okay okay you're ruining this whole skin
I'm sorry okay okay you guys I wanted to
show you guys what all right all right
for real I'm done I wanted to show you
guys my shirt that I was bored cuz I'm
not wearing that stinky shirt uh to
dinner today where this one where the
sharp what that's so funny well looking
a school I don't know yeah I'm wearing
the stink shirt and Bridget ruined the
whole thing you happy with yourself this
is a Korean barbecue place dad told me
about yeah real good
you can't smoke in here
yeah log in on he says Charleston buddy
you're smoking inside places I love you
don't you serious yeah please let's go
bud well we are inside the place right
now I'm chillin with Bridget okay I got
you man mid chew I am where I'm pylori
man so in a minute this is gonna be like
straight-up open right mmm are they
gonna bring something here didn't know
there's been all who you that is so
interest and we'll just start cooking so
I've never been to places I have been to
Korean barbecue before I will Apollo man
I can say it now because everyone knows
I work for the guy I went with Paul
Heyman there's a good place in New York
City that has really good Korean
barbecue and of a telling dad you gotta
try Korean barbecue and so we found a
Korean barbecue place we went well dad
went brought me some leftovers now I'm
here
we go oh yeah your mouse hole I'm out
for blood
so what why don't kind of meat is in
there no page paste there's some kind of
meat paste oh that's all right
hey The Strand I'm for vlogging with no
but it's not paid yeah Boop dumb I don't
want to ask us after seafood hobby so
I'm just gonna eat when would these
things float notice preview $2 the eat
that my gosh I've got to offer you that
idea
bad no oh wow is it really
anyway Brayton what about pineapple
that's not pineapple you said was
pineapple eggplant well that what is the
- that right there that's daikon radish
radish
you said pineapple in the Lord but Apple
we like bought Apple that's the sauce
that's on it hahaha it's up for about
two weeks
holy crap so drunk and drunk off it
that's awesome I'll take that shit
how's that work you gotta break them
apart first we get to the hybrid food
they got a DEP recomment out there you
go oh now it's perfect is this chicken
here now oh my goodness
life is good or okay so use those you
use the chopsticks to grab objects yeah
knowing that here let's just go here let
me sit us down no cat chill I got look
so okay Michael that's not easy like I
don't know how to use these either it's
just this is better he's a flirt
on a nice try Lauren McVeigh on come on
whoa holy crap that's spicy
but it's good very spicy but delicious
this is Homer Cyclops and then here be
when it's called Cyclops in the killer
bee you know is gonna be good nothing
goes with man cries masucci gab no I
don't need secrets I gotta watch you
guys eat this
we also does looking over the Sark
outfit um salad soy and ginger dressing
me the bunch of merchants yes sir have
some aged kimchi Oh kimchi these folks
radish I have some Bellflower roots
cucumber and yellow radish rice rice
rice yes sir I guess nice always nice I
love rice my grace
I think I'll sign off your grill with
some bulgogi which one is that
this is demanded
make big onion see me grandpa we're
unsure who should cook and then it came
out and we decided you know how you
gonna come to do that don't want to do
it got used to know what run food it's a
little hot my cat oh oh oh ha a good
solution for user yeah the idea is not
to put it in right away
oh thank you man a nobleman to my hey we
dreamed up pushing Tyrone Tyrone and you
are here ah nice to meet you guys they
said they saw you at the fair but they
were afraid to come up here don't be
afraid to go with me I might bite but he
got T so won't hurt network
there you go
all right no problem god what a cook
sack
I don't buy
you want to see the Kochs before you
leave well no many I don't know what's
he kitchen I like the kitchen man was
cool how are you yeah you want to say
five years I was if I I'll be back home
look here that's all you got oh thank
you so much just pop in it hey Mark
today y'all talk about give a notably
good job hey nice to meet you man
grandpa even tips to cooks Hey bye-bye
yeah man they then been boys they they
work hard man he blows something even
attitude you know well this was date
night good night you my date nod Lauren
join buddy come in Lauren if you ever
did come on let's go
here's a ring quit well I'll psychedelic
what just happened becasue boy we just
got done eating it was really good good
I take a puff of cigarette cuz I know
you want to see alright I thought what
is that is it that cold on your Bridget
yeah it's very freezin are super cool oh
man they're cold my book please help me
with the tree um come on man home just
not for us cut Michael whoa I do without
you I will not forgive you dude I don't
I really want a lot of stuff today James
moving the busiest days of my life
promise we'll do it tomorrow then the
tree yes uh-huh
I mean look at this naked tree I need
some bulbs then you better get started
Michael alright tomorrow you guys were
decorating our tree finally you good yes
put some clothes on our tree so what
ain't so Nikki okay okay maybe you
should change your clothes though what I
still stink yes you smell even worse
what seriously yes you've been sweating
all day and you just think what does it
smell like now oh gosh it smells like
grandpa's garbage can you smell like
grandpa's bathroom okay you smell like
grandpa's toilet room why would you make
fun of my dad here
if they you spank your own shoes and let
me tell you something fuck her shoes
take off your shoe I'm gonna smell it on
camera it to me alright good like babe
look at this fucking just look at the
shoe you guys guys oh they're from
Target like look at you can see where
her foot has matted down inside there
alright here we go you guys I'm not
joking you guys oh my god because you
actually felt like cows that smells like
a trash bag full of infection well
that's going to be a fair to you guys
thanks for watching before I get out of
here a lot of people are probably going
to be wondering where is Grandpa's
Christmas tree video and the reason the
Christmas tree video didn't get it up I
can't talk the reason I didn't get the
Christmas tree video up it's the same
reason the vlog started off when it was
already dark I've been busy all day for
Christmas stuff I've been out of the
house I've been doing stuff I've been
going places I've been making shit yeah
I'm in certainly smells like it yeah by
smelling those shoes it's like you walk
10,000 miles and shit making fun of me
I'm sorry I'm sorry
so the video is going to go up tomorrow
really early around 3 o'clock Eastern
Time
stay tuned I've already started editing
it the video was really good you guys
but that's going up tomorrow I can't
wait to put it out for you guys to see
but anyway I'm gonna get out of here I'm
exhausted
whew like subscribe favorite film on
everything which it was and maybe soon
we'll burn bridges choosing a burn by oh
maybe we should actually go take a
shower
cuz your shoes are worse than anything
I've ever smelled is a lot that's gonna
be at bye guys good boy I swear to God
you and I goodbye
you
