what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here fedosya right there and
today I feel really good
we're not sick boy the moon finally
we're better oh my gosh we're not sick
I feel like why did I have to be sick
the entire timing jargon I can't reserve
no cuz I want to totally smashed his
face in during that fight yeah I know
like you said that good though he woulda
saw man mm-hmm that's what would happen
if I wasn't sick but I was sick so I
look like a girl in the fight but that's
the only reason he did good
was that so I thought you did good oh
that's that's exactly what you did today
is Sunday and today I go to grandpa's
today we're going over to grandpa's
house he wants to put his tree together
we're gonna film that for grandpa's
corner because you guys this month
grandpa's corner is going on an overload
he ain't uploaded in a while this time
he's back grandpa's corner subscribe Oh
your breath stunk can you do that
actually I had fun in life trip whoa and
I was like look anyway I want to get
this Sunday start I wanna do the intro
anymore I'm done with intro why does it
smell like shit all of a sudden because
you started talking Diddy that's your
bad weren't talking about you started
talking and it smells dude it's ready
get in your lane not putting up with it
yeah she's lying okay you be okay I've
admitted you one look let's get this
Sunday started we're not defaming each
other anymore
stop that the defamation is over okay
pursue Jesus is very funny let's get
this Sunday started we gotta go to
grandpa's he just seriously came very
proud okay you guys I want you guys to
realize why Jesse should have messed
with me okay I want you guys to see how
big my hands are so see this regular
size coke and bridges hands wait would
it be the other way around so you guys I
want you to see why my Juggernog
shouldn't mess with me you see this
regular size coke
Bridget's name is just a bottle you see
the regular-sized coke watch what
happens when she puts it in my hand you
see what just happened
are you guys really wait you guys see
what just happened when I switch hands
okay watch this very closely
Gordo very close right the bottle watch
what happens in just one little hand
already look at that hand it to me now
don't mess with me Jessie okay I got
mmmm I got fucking rocks all right
grandpa starting a fire oh damn
hey dad here's a question what wait what
does the term four-flushing mean has
they do it for play I hope not me and
Charlie been talking about it was from
Uncle Buck and from like Christmas
vacation like you know good lion
four-flushing has on dude poker huh
simian Charlie wonder like maybe you got
to flush the toilet four times or so
yeah yeah what about the all of this Oh
what about this a little even more
goddamn would fire you would you have
sitting there for Kyle's working blow
Merlin I'll give you leave to your
working on the lawn Morris December I
got a guy I got a bag and catches leaves
I'll put them in a thought okay did you
just fart who did I think you did is
this your first fire of these two this
year one of you why is so those are
ashes from last year yeah yeah I should
have seen them out as we fell down Blasi
some know a dad in the fire
hey Dad what do you think what doing the
mannequin challenge what back in town
what you do is basically now we're not
going to use the song because it's
copyrighted what it mean uh another one
that Trump raw did what that one that
Trump raw did I've no clue she did met
that finish that she did a mannequin
college or something heard you basically
stand completely still and the camera
moves around you and stuff
both apart well then that we hilarious
mannequin challenge so I hate you Lena
yeah I can smell it dude click like if
he wants to do the mannequin challenge
I'm not gonna be able to use the song
because it's copyrighted
uh-huh mm-hmm
that's not mannequin you're moving
that's not the mannequin challenge click
like smack go hamburger on those lights
show and we will what the hell oh hell I
gotta hand your weapon up uncle would
hunka hunka hunka burning wood man you
don't know how to put a fire going
I go Oh an era went ah shit let me get
my mother would you turn that thing on
wah
well we just finished putting dad's
clothes we I filmed it okay we just
finished putting dad's Christmas tree
together that video is going up on his
channel tomorrow make sure you check it
out grandpa's corner how about that
unbelievable whoa but don't touch my
tree
you touch my tree I got you know I have
weapons in right well I got weapons in
my trees you come here what I saw you
put the hold any others on weapons
what's this Shane whoa okay
what mallet
are you serious and should I put my
GoPro yeah who come here with me are you
serious I feel Pro is going in there too
is that the only weapons other more he's
not showing I'm not going
look at this Bridget static what the
hell this what is this come from doesn't
matter
fuck Shane this will kill I got buzz
it's all area to this house okay anybody
comes his house I'm within 30 seconds
getting wet well okay we're going back
home with just a second my talk to dad a
little bit
he's got weapons hanging in the tree
folks that videos going on tomorrow I
don't show you the tree too much you'll
see it tomorrow
hey you good yeah good hey you alright
so did you see my bed last night
yeah so you let him sleep a but you
won't get him a tent hi you got a kid
born I get you going are you really okay
can get this week oh my god you were
bitching about the room you were like
it's not a big good the house so you're
good can't why
I see the bed I went to get it this more
Walmart they were back dad I will give
you money if you make him sleep but I am
going to do it looks like we're able
stop you big jug and I guess again he
copied us I'm joking it's sarcasm dad
you know he must be a really important
guy what there a book about him Diary of
a Wimpy Kid we're on good terms now
mahjongg and I girlfriend I hope you
feel better cuz he got sick while he was
here well you got me to say volunteer
the thing is he's me I think he thinks I
gave it to him but dude we all see I
think I got it from him I feel like we
all caught it at the same time yeah it
was like a 24-hour thing and somebody
pass it to somebody who was an organ
thing or something I don't think we can
know what it's about he's got a hyper
straining money I know you might be out
for the game really one he could report
of New York City's you're freaking us
out or we gave it to the south and South
yep no no right oh my dude we went to an
airport so mcjuggernuggets has red
string and you're super straight
northern and southern sickness it he's
20 he's telling to zero
patient zero patient zero target zero
target to well that's gonna be no I was
gonna say his come here for Grandpa's
house but I don't know can't believe you
got weapons hitting your damn tree
everywhere dude he's got a shank in the
frickin tree line I don't know what it
is it's like I don't you made it it's a
green shank well if I go to stick my
hand up in there now why do you agree to
stick your hand in the tree move hello
Chris boom Sri Lanka Babbitt holy jeez
dude we gotta get over is nothing by
treated here just people mess you've you
mess with your tree yeah everybody we
gotta go tree looks good thing it really
does I really like it yeah I got my keys
I got a web the video as you get you
were to find those brothers is one more
you would never find looking for right
now sitting about it I can't use any
weapon no
look close you later you know what no oh
my god
Oh what the hell okay that's our son
here you go okay where are you it does
this is this border the tree next
I gotta find please put it down are you
that's how many weapons to your trade
I've got 20 weapons over here 20 I got
six to the tree I got rest around the
room here you go man Merry Christmas
thank you
that one's gonna be no I'm sorry I'm
gonna see you know Rumble but okay let's
go Bridget okay Merry Christmas
oh my gosh look at him what I am you it
what are you doing
Merry Christmas Merry Christmas right
I'm trying to cover the lens and
yesterday's vlog I showed you guys that
I had this aha and Bridget was like you
know I can't believe he gave you that so
anyway I had to edit the scene because I
didn't want to spoil the surprise for
you before mcjuggernuggets video came
out this is the whole scene oh there's
one thing what oh and by the way you
definitely kicked his ass
can I talk yeah like I'm doing something
I said there's one thing I mean you
gotta interrupt what good your fucking
attitude I don't want to talk about the
fight anymore well I did okay can I show
you the one thing yes huh what what is
that
why'd you get so excited like something
yeah like a dog shiny shiny hey wait
wait wait with the way you freaking
showed it got me really excited okay
let's do this again okay
oh yeah Bridget whoa what is that it's
obviously a flash drive yeah whoa oh you
want to order this mm-hmm psycho family
what documentary what yummy is doc we
watch it yes I want to watch I don't
watch it today we got shit to do but I
do want to watch because I want to watch
with dad
Wow click like if you guys click look I
can't even speak click like if I should
get grandpa I can't the cough is coming
back ok click like if I should get
grandpa to watch the psycho family
documentary and I will sit his ass down
and we're gonna watch it as a psycho
family oh it's for an actual psycho
family so yeah that is so cool it is why
did he give you that I don't know I'm
what part of me is like fearfully even
plug it into my computer maybe umm so
yeah if you didn't see the
mcjuggernuggets video today he gave me
the documentary and in his video I said
to click like if you guys want me to
leak it I'm gonna leak him the anger
Grand Marshall channel now I said it in
haste I don't know if I can illegally do
that oh yeah you know I wouldn't do that
I could I wouldn't do that if I did he'd
be really pissed yeah but it's illegal
there's probably there he did give you
that now the trailers on there that I
probably couldn't leak oh sure that's
just a trailer that's true and I watched
I haven't watched the documentary but I
watched the trailer in the trailers
fucking awesome
was it not it was I cannot wait to watch
it
God he's like I don't care about
documentaries
I just want played with his dog whoa you
had a fun guy huh yeah oh god no he
supposed to kill that stuffed animal so
I'm at a little bit of an impasse here
going leak the documentary growing up
the video I said a hundred thousand
likes and it's going on with 50,000
right now okay so babe I you know I
wouldn't leak it like honestly wouldn't
know yeah the trailer release I want to
watch it click I already said click like
if you want dad to watch tele maybe the
trailer but like like the whole thing
you legally should not do that
he's like you'd like suni right yeah
don't do that
he checked the scene in his video well
I'm not good enough I'll think land I'll
talk to a lawyer
I'll talk to a lawyer about it okay
anyway yeah that's that's a little do I
have I don't know
I got the documentary baby this just
don't I'm not talking about that I was
gonna tell me what a click like after me
to get grandpa to watch it cuz I want to
see him watch the thing too I know the
lighting is really bad out here him it
give me a second to log you know I can't
even un Tros I know the Lighting's where
it my fucking intro Oh God so Joe I know
the lighting yeah but is blurry and now
it's not I know the lighting is really
bad out here because of the fluorescent
they they get it does these lights sock
they understand okay we're getting our
shit or decorating a Christmas
who's that I'm not the only one huh I'm
not the only one that you're oh by the
way Jesse I'm taking amoxicillin for
this uh wreath at your steroid be yeah
steroid being that you're sick too
you might want to just go ahead and get
the amoxicillin you're gonna need to
enter big my fist yeah
Michael gags every single time yeah I
didn't want to fill with this I threw up
can you put the camera to help me but
that's gonna be a fair day guys thanks
for watching tomorrow
putting ornaments up on our tree and
tomorrow I'm so excited okay so when I
said also tomorrow and you said I'm so
excited I don't really care guys I am so
mad dude tomorrow
angry grandpa's Christmas tree video
goes up on grandpa's corner could I have
finished that thought before you start
saying I'm dad tightened hi what do they
look like the bad guy here okay I'm
sorry I'm an asshole like obviously that
was cool and I wanted so excited about
decorating the tree okay I'm sorry I'm
an asshole I apologize okay I'm sorry
you guys I'm in the Christmas spirit
slashing wrench see I try to admit I'm a
Grinch so you gotta yell at me oh oh
here's a Grinch I want to get out of
here thanks for watching you guys sorry
Bridget like hey subscribe favorite
following everything for to us and
that's it I love you guys so much a
little more I love you more
me personally I love everyone more than
you
Oh
you
