whoa what's going on you guys get behind
the camera here and shit just popped off
at grandpa's house so yeah you guys
watched I hate my camera is good to eat
no other aquarium fish it's not like
read La Sirena pick the fish and then
cook it if you want to I'll film it but
people probably know I no not at all oh
yeah there's not a crazy sight brownie
under all you're doing you know it's
alright don't they like that be bile
they like the bow in the booze like oh
yeah they swell up swallow big time you
know I love deep frying I guess my legs
go get much that oh yeah I love you okay
we all think I do our cooking more time
nothing I want I'm gonna do you just hit
Windows Addison I win weird war game
have you a lot of fun can you cook Geoff
I do I get a pretty good beer and yeah
yeah I was whatever I asked we could
cook we would be talking about couldn't
cook oh yes get annoying have an excel
is in your face alright my cameraman
Apple you know I'm gonna go to your crap
you won't read the camera is anybody not
I wouldn't want to see but hey you know
did you know not the crapping no I'm not
okay me too oh yeah yeah yeah the irony
of him telling me the cameras in come on
yeah y'all being played many years the
cameras always in the face every time
you turn around if you're walking out
the car yet that the camera you gonna do
I gotta have the Calla days you go to
family dinner you gotta count on
attitude camera I know Vegas old it gets
old sometimes like a little family
taught me yeah but uh all you know it
gets old but I am very proud of you know
what what he accomplished over the years
ride your pride you know he's a good boy
you did good he is good food wouldn't
anybody notice that he's like you look
yeah I'm very proud of him well I'm glad
what about you proud of me I would yell
I can be proud of you you see this time
I go I say it I don't suppose the fish
for compliments like that it's not just
cuz you got one you look at me a sport
man I got kicking you did your dad's
pretty cool I don't know why you give
him so much shit so now I'm like the
enemy here yeah here you go here you go
you always do a good job I want that
film hold my camera Jesse what let's go
in wait this is a camera and you know
dude no there's a Hershey bar I know the
difference trust me
now I got a good friend in jet yep well
somebody always count yeah you guys me
pen pals now same fan now yeah yeah
you're not are you like do you do
Facebook and all esta I do with you yeah
I do know I do I don't do this I don't
either
I don't have any guy I'll do see I'll be
I'll see we'll do super stuff though
yeah I don't I don't seek remand there
may be a real psycho divorce yeah and
she finds about that I'll double you got
here but move yeah okay just get a
little strange this is yeah I think
Parker wants us to end real quick sweet
will be hungry oh poor kid
Louie no feet yeah both of them are sick
your same outlook ha I'll even put me
now oh no I'm glad it all turned out
good here oh you see though y'all y'all
don't you call him monk for monkey face
monkey face you're like a monkey kid
all the artists all the Jay artists do
Parker up like a monkey please
somebody's your partner's a monkey with
a banana like yeah I would say that
Sydney makes a third doll you put your
big agenda like pardon hold a banana ha
thought it'll be good I'll be making you
do it yeah no I would thank you guys
thank you you're welcome baby my god
have a good one
ha ha ha ha everyone shaking hands I'll
jump in there yeah
they're good for you hey I want a
thumbnail with jaggery maybe give
eternity but at some point we should get
a picture with all 4 of us yep I'll take
it your family photo
why would I say it yo I meant for like
Instagram or something but I'll do
better seriously yeah it's like this
idiot it's like I is our way to take it
no just film me I'm sorry well I mean it
looks like a picture is it working for
you Parker
uh no no it turned off it turned off I'm
not fucking with you
all right yeah yeah whatever it is
officially the next day and excuse the
way I'm talking I have a cough still but
you just saw you know angry grandpa
psycho dad and Parker and Jesse and
myself having a good time
well mcjuggernuggets is officially gone
he just left
he stopped by we had a good had a good
talk I wish he could have been more like
that the whole time he was here I'll be
honest with you when he's really cool
he's really cool last night at dinner
psycho dad was like one of the coolest
guys I've ever met
it's crazy I don't know if they were
playing me it's like was he in character
the whole time was he turning my life
excuse me my life into a series I don't
know am I glad he's gone absolutely
he is exhausting to be around
mcjuggernuggets is truthfully exhausting
he's gone though Jesse if you ever want
to come back dude
please don't be an asshole okay and I
know you invited me to Jersey but who
knows if I'm gonna make it out to
freakin Jersey okay dude it's like I
don't know click like if you want me to
go to Jersey hang out a mcjuggernuggets
if we do I would want to do a cook-off
between grandpa and Larry or psycho dad
or somebody but anyway he's gone Jesse
see you dude it's been real yeah as you
would make fun of my life I got a pic I
got to pick the pieces up now it's like
I gotta clean the pool house I've got to
call my brother down I gotta celebrate
my brother's birthday life continues
Jessie is gone it was nice having you
dude but please next time don't come at
me like that
okay dude we're friends we're supposed
to be friends I thought we were friends
don't fuck it up this time okay let's
please stay friends have a safe trip
back to Jersey dude let's get this day
started
well mcjuggernuggets is gone alright you
were not here to say goodbye Bridget how
unfortunate oh how unfortunate no but
for real mcjuggernuggets if you ever
come back please
just don't be a crazy asshole late
that's the way I feel yeah I mean like
are we friends are we not friends what's
going on I feel like it ended on good
terms
yeah it was just really crazy the whole
time I feel like you did it on purpose
it's like bridges like mcjuggernuggets
got here like 10 minutes after Bridget
left so like I feel like you like sensed
it or some you like oh I got I got a
star and you just disappeared in me
showed up probably that's pretty funny
so he's gone
yep gone for good yeah what is he what
was he gonna be moving I wanted me gone
for good
shit where else is home alright so yeah
that is so cool it is why did he give
you that I don't know I'm one part of me
is like fearfully even plug it into my
computer maybe um maybe you should do it
on different computer smart thinking
yeah like we have a floating laptop
around here somewhere oh you know what I
got I think I got him sick no I think
okay oh my gosh I think I got sick from
him oh yeah last night you guys
Bridget that was like
to imitate it it was so well but look to
the left
other way oh I freaking puked so hard
guys busted a blood vessel in her eye in
my freaking eyes are puffy over it and I
think the puffiness is gone now play shy
don't reenactment you guys let's we'll
be right back
okay so this was licensed this is
embarrassing
the cough I haven't had it for awhile
now it's back mental you think mm-hmm so
anyway last night I'm asleep right here
then I just here and she's future worth
it cuz me and then she's like good hey
guys I was not drunk oh I had the flu
and then she just standing here like
okay she's fine dude it was crazy good
guys I shit my pants like you wouldn't
believe
yes it was crazy
she was on her side she wouldn't start
spinning around oh my god I just throw
those fans away that was last night
I want to gross you out too much but
keep a lookout on mcjuggernuggets
channel cuz he might be getting hit well
we just got here at the ice house with
Charlie for his birthday
hmm hopefully it's not like old people
gruel I was you know why I was here with
uh you know a magnet father I called
McLemore with mcjuggernuggets in psycho
dad it was pretty good so I figure we
can come out oh yeah
it'll be uh dad was supposed to be here
with us but one of the nephews is
throwing up so he couldn't come help
they weren't gonna leave Lauren by
herself
yeah I think he already had something
planned anyway what do you think he
wanted to come Thank You ki he had
something else
you don't want to fucking come at all oh
my god finesse - that that son of a
bitch agency a mystery bounce it off on
the boy lying little bastard Wow lying
little bastard
and then crediting his stomach hurt -
yeah if it might just go yes I'm
covering the lens same here with Charles
he's leaving his broken room I can't
even fit sooo dark so
telly you were telling me about the
sleep you had the other night on that
frickin bed when it was pop because
Charlie was using an air mattress and
somehow it got pop by shard of glass so
what the hell did you say happened let's
know you were sleeping I mean what no
it's the bed surged about lading Roger
his neck was like on the cement on the
ground oh so Charlie in it so Charlie is
on his way to grandpa's house now for a
warm bed
yay I'm gonna have two surprises you say
you hope you have surprises open the
Apple community there's no surprises you
don't got a new TV yet uh-huh
well there isn't they'll well know that
when a living room
well that one TV you had before it's
still a dad's in the closet so but he
won't let me take it so anyway going to
Grandpa why it's so fucking dark I'll be
back okay you can't really see me but
I'm sitting here outside of grandpa's
house with Charlie his new home it's
probably too dark to see I'm just going
to show you the reason I started filming
oh it's really dark here but you got a
boy Charlie's back Shh
oh he ain't no goddamn game tonight he
don't got a fucking game to play that's
right ha ha ha I'm happen to yours
so I didn't well so what are y'all
thinking I like it I think it's a door
yeah when I get the other one put here
wait y'all do spread out that way that
one
oops no plates right here you'll be
snowflake something this is crazy
first time I've done - how many years
you were little this is grandpa's winter
wonderland we haven't done this as you
were little
Jolley did it all winter blunder lamp it
looks good dude
yeah the winter blunder land where you
glad to be back charlie
ah shit got something to come back to
hey because been appreciate that by the
way yeah there's his all the bed that he
used to have you got a new bed so you
sleep in on that one what the you put
you're the one did you forget you put a
new bed in that room oh fuck up a God
doesn't leave us feel what don't be
going this alright there's your bed why
need TV yes and the boys for the room
you winner yes warden
one blankly when I get back no you love
me back here she just got see I'm gonna
be fuckin mad at again kiss my a team
hey you got a scumbag clean your room is
that a ps4 you got on the ps4 shut up
hey oh it's a pawn shop I felt bad about
breaking is yeah that was you who broke
that shit tell me you broken the door
I've watched the video I never broke
what uh how do you place it okay
Tojo their tag team effort right there
anyway you got by control of day you had
no control but I'll get something much
yeah my gonna give you shit cheese dad
am I in your way sir yeah you are
turn it damn thing all up he's nice
having a whole damn house what oh no I
thank you should i hack your shit again
and get out washing you should tear shit
I need him come back again no you come
back no scare me Duncan if I think in my
house did I come to my pool house in 30
you go nowhere to go ha me drop you off
Jeff City see what he going to tent city
coming off
yes I'm formless yes
you
