oh man I was kind of hoping that Charlie
would have cleaned some of it last night
that was the hope
well I guess it did Oh camera
I really have not taken the time to
Jesus Christ
well Charlie didn't clean last night and
he's not here maybe he's expecting us to
do it I don't know if you're confused
about what happened here you'll know
what's going on yesterday
mcjuggernuggets and psycho dad came over
came over to the pool house and it was
just complete chaos dad was breaking
shit
his dad was breaking shit Charlie's room
is gone just completely dead now I feel
bad
I feel really bad because it's actually
Charlie's birthday today so Charlie's
birthday is spent like this so I just
wanted to start off the vlog here well
you won't focus on me get pissed this is
the problem the new camera I'm not used
to it focus on my face
come what the hell hey here we go
so anyway I wanted to start the vlog off
here show you guys that the damage is
still here nothing's cleaned up it's
just as screwed up as it was yesterday
picture of my niece got the story during
this what the hell is that dude that
almost pisses me off more than anything
I gotta go
Peter stopped everything this sucks
happy birthday Charlie oh my god I think
my gosh get justice ass oh my god
I'm going to go that's my China I didn't
know you wanted a house to grow yeah I'd
like to talk a little bit we give TV you
use me anyway stick around I love your
channel let's do that let's do know your
channel
do fucking like whisper challenge in
here they know I want to talk with you I
want to talk off camera and then
developers okay because we're trying to
rebuild this you can't do it on him I
respect that
all right Joey's I got bargains on it
guys we all know one here Michael Jesse
just now me Jesse I'm gonna fight I
kicked his fucking him now I found a
road is dead
I'm glad we had that talk are you
actually yeah oh dude Bridget you keep
that shit up looking roaches in here
Jesus
Franklin the freakin pepto-bismol babe
from I'm sick I told you I was sick he
has a horn oh yeah you're getting other
aka I'm sick so I threw back up on the
stove but you never clean it that's the
only reason I was on my back during the
fight you people are discussed how do
you Michael do it again
you got roaches no okay no to come out
of five oh it's a pole man yeah it's an
outside buzz nickname yeah this is
disgusting yeah
roaches your fucking projectile on the
fucking stove okay that cooks in here
that's enough oh hey Bridget I haven't
seen you at all she don't wanna do with
you dude yeah I don't like you you
wouldn't probably other virgin I kicked
his ass no I last night was I supposed
to meet like a sex thing know how she
she couldn't say nothing cause I'm a
dork
it's also got there was a comment
Bridget with so would you come what did
you leave so she also liked my price you
might beat this
they're being all bargain Oh actually
I'm sorry what's he doing using my house
finch part no I sit and I don't want to
get fucking sick I'm sick of this
asshole ways sloshing bless you know
yeah I come with it said this is too
much we just had a really good car yeah
yeah actually no Michael trying to find
me end up looking like a bitch so you
guys wanna cutting jargons channel and
see Michael attempt to fight it's
actually pretty amusing I was on my back
at one point Michael definitely kicked
your eyes look I was on but in the end I
had a miniature what kind of what is
that what does that stance or you'll
fuckin Dragon Ball Z warrior some shit
that's the stance they did in the 20s
back in the day that's how minutes
that's how men fight like that what's
roll off let's do it
man you had to go to a carpet carpet in
Scenario so you can feel fuckin safe bro
I'm gonna rip this Colleen out eat it it
might make me feel better because it
hurts right now this one inside because
you decide to hurt somebody that just
got a surgery come at me at five months
got it you got it
why don't we Parker seriously doesn't
stink in here no I just it's cuz that's
really rude we just had this good
conversation and now because the cameras
on what go through the ropes you're mad
at me it was a joke you know roaches are
fuckin deadly are they good
Jimeno bugs are poisonous exactly so and
it touched you I'm I'll say it on your
bida - I'm sorry what are you sorry for
Oh what we're gonna do but put me up on
stage put me out this what she does to
me okay I don't need apologies
they don't mean nothing that just words
Oh see what you want an action thank you
you should hug it out
maybe you kiss kiss nah come on hug it
out hug it out I thought we were good
fucking dick town as a hug if my arms
don't reach all the way around no baby
that's rude young man he's a piece of
shit I'm not touching this motherfucker
so you trying to choke me is what you
trying to do let me hug see this the
lovers meet back together again
she's what happened - let's have a real
moment off we have the real moment now
I'm filming you with my dog this is a
real moment I guess it's pretending not
there baby
do you believe in life after love it's a
fake stuff get to you
it's Michaels fake stuff what I'm just
having me I'm sure she said it was oh
whoa oh and you're building
yes sir fish okay all right we'll give
me friends not oh yo all right really
really well they thrown away the other
sweat pants oh oh she wants a little bit
of Parker now is that what that pink
stuff was on the stove from
oh it should help me this easy to take
you down dude okay Bella enough rip when
you took me down just so we're clear
yeah sure so I did there were my
strength tripped over your twenty
thousand fucking men with their shirts
off action figures
what do you felt what are you doing
Bella okay seriously what the hell man
that's big that's pickle boys vlogs
pretty much it's dog humps fucking
throwing cockroaches on people Bella
Jesus you know you're Bella that's
enough out of you
go see your parker unzips hey Bartek
parker zip easy nice oh and because I
didn't get enough
okay Belisarius fronting like that okay
well so we brought the safe back oh cool
thanks Jesse
he was like trying to imply it was a oh
I saw what was in the safe medical bells
Shh
you know it's pretty annoying dude he
takes nothing tries to turn it into
something I know and now he wants to
freaking meet up with us at dads what
yes we got to go to Dad's house okay
look at this dude I do not want to clean
it I'll either ridiculous you know the
worst part is what it's Charlie's
birthday Charlie's room wetness throat
on his birthday so now for his birthday
he doesn't have a TV he doesn't have a
fucking video game it's fucked up
he's a lot Jessie
yeah thanks asshole Nik asshole
I mean I don't want to guess the guy too
much we work to make asshole we worked
things out
still I've got to see this he could
least help us clean if her friends again
am i right he offered I said no why
because I warned him gone dude Jarrell
wait will you do it I feel like we're
gonna be filming this on a month like we
got to clean this today I feel like that
too because we procrastinate like so bad
like it's bad Shh I'm just I'm just
closing it I don't I'm done with the
room idea I'm done with the room
cleaning conversation I'm done with all
that dumbness let's get ready to go to
Dad's yeah let's get ready and I guess
finish off this fog cuz we gotta put it
up cover the lens for the outro hey
Michael what are you gonna do when Jesse
comes back or if what what are you gonna
do Jesse comes back well show him his
hands
oh yeah so what are you gonna do to
psyche of dad if he comes back I'm
respecting to my angers I'm gonna do
nothing but Parker I feel like Parker
will whip my ass no way
Jesse though Parker's tall he is very
tall I feel like he would do with no
effort
hey maybe not I'd kick both her ass yeah
so we're gonna do if Jesse and park come
at you
okay I'm embarrassing myself those are
part where I embarrass must have driver
fight so it's nothing base well that's
gonna be afraid of you guys thanks for
watching we got to get ready we got to
go to Grandpa's house
I know you beat his ass Michael B
Jesse's ass look when you see the video
don't think less of me okay cuz there
was a time where he was over me Michael
I'm not gonna think less of you I know
that you can't I choked his ass out
though I certainly had him in a
chokehold yeah you know seriously the
only reason I didn't give him one of
these to the fucking face which is what
I wanted to do out there was a part
Bridgette me tell ya there was a time he
was on his back I was gonna strangle him
oh I was like you know what if i
strangle him he's gonna fucking die whoa
chill yeah I'm seriously you'll see when
you watch this video I think I was like
I was gonna choke it holy shit oh my
that is so hot I threw his ass mmm that
is really high anyway
unique his weird this altro out okay I'm
gonna get out of here like and subscribe
they wrote Oh everything virtuous and
that's it
I can absolutely kick the vibe don't cuz
now you're gonna put too much hype on it
like oh he got it ask
you
you
