what's going on you guys kid with his
eyes still messed up here oh my god oh
look today dude it's what it's like
going into your socket what are you
joking this is not funny I'm scared guys
if you're wondering what happened here
wondering what happened to my eye watch
yesterday's vlog because my eye has all
kinds of 50 shades up my performance
sorry I had to edit that cuss word out
folks I'm I'm just really angry okay
what is he yeah right there and today is
Sunday and today my is fuck no more
cussing I'm tired of editing out cuss
words butts it sucks II know I know
you're gonna say I had to stop early
folks okay your poop little trash mouth
okay why you don't like him doesn't hair
grow here okay I have mange
let me see you it did cut bigger it got
bigger and I actually was doing some
good comments someone said that start of
the flu what yeah this yeah
the flu yeah starts like this yeah like
I think you're gonna get the flu in your
brain what which is like worse than
regular flu what the hell do I know it
it has it's the flu you're joking it's
not contagious it's from like wiping
your eyes that one's not contagious
though cuz it's not like it's in your
iron going to your brain my brain what
happened blue brain what is that decide
to go to the doctor you're laughing
you're funny yeah you're laughing no
you're just being funny you're joking we
should go to the hospital you're joking
no I'm not look at your face I don't buy
it
dammit bro what is this it's your food
brain or not bloopers nothing no my god
Michael guys I was set up
no so what say it was set up it was
another but if the scene was fake call
it really fake and we just agree with
them it's not thou hope you guys like
the acting in that scene Oh guys it's
flu playing seriously a thing or not
know what it's not guys is it worse it's
awful is it worse or matter that I need
to know it is and yesterday's vlog we
showed you that we took down a Christmas
tree and the idea behind taking down the
Christmas tree I mean number one
obviously because there's not Christmas
anymore I'm like the idea behind taking
you got my Christmas tree like it's all
you know I'm so sick of looking at it
guys and I gotta work out pressure guys
the Christmas tree is officially gone
and last night we decided to work on
grandpa's little area now we're still
working on it we're trying to figure out
an official area for grandpa's like urn
and his things and I want to show it to
you guys right now this is grandpa's
little spot I love it rigid Bridget
wants to get a frame for this yes
but guys this is a signed picture can
grandpa is one of those things that just
means a lot to me we also have grandpa's
record that he signed for me you guys
this was a song that he did with Shooter
Jennings as Mike none of this would be
possible without you I love you son you
were my best friend love dad that's one
of the things that I'm gonna cherish so
let's sit that there of course we got
our little model of trail what dad loved
this you guys when one of the young and
sent this to him and it blew him away
and I never saw it until the day before
he passed and I saw it sitting next to
him and he told Lauren and Jennifer that
he wanted it next to him and it means
everything so dad is still next to you
it's yours well this is the area you
guys I love it Bridget
yeah it looks really good I want to get
some type of lighting like LEDs lighting
strips oh I go like behind it or even
above it I like that guys so you know
this was all because of Bridget she
designed it she set it up last night I
love it dude it really is nice God
it's like really good and I'm charging a
moon so there is a light source right
there Oh guys you want to see something
cool
behold the moon
Michael we heard a lot of this what we
already like showed them really yeah
oh that's right we did well here it is
anyway the moon I love it I love that
thing it's so cool I love the whole
setup Roger this is really nice
thanks babe just a little sob you just
go see Dada of course you next you play
buttons dad I miss umm obviously
they don't get easier tell you that
everybody says it does it Hatton had
gotten easier yet they're gonna keep
busy no no Tim Rosetti called me in a
few minutes she's trying to think of
like a Sunday dinner to cook okay well I
don't know any dad's recipes I don't
know what she wants to cook like if she
asks for the sticky turkey wing recipe I
don't know it I want to make the sticky
turkey wing so bad I know what I want to
make what is chicken fried chicken Oh
guys grandpa had this recipe called
chicken fried chicken well that's a
kickin I don't know chicken fried
chicken it's like a chicken fried steak
you pound a chicken breast flat you fry
it you pour white gravy over and you
served with mashed potatoes sweet peas
yeast rolls and the glass of southern
style iced tea oh my god I could never
make it as good as now we can try we
could try we could totally absolutely
try what about tomorrow okay guys smack
the like button if you want us to make
grandpa's chicken fried chicken recipe
guys grandpa left behind a lot of
recipes lost I'm not really going to
talk about right now but guys he left
behind recipes chicken fried chickens
one of them if you want to see it smack
up a delightful button we're making some
chicken fried chicken
ah what if I fail you're not gonna fail
so it'll be a huge mess so you're aware
Hannah thought my god it's a huge mess
chicken homemade mashed potatoes
homemade gravy yeast rolls honey butter
iced tea that's just six things written
down okay you're gonna clean up after
yourself I assume we're both are gonna
clean it I'm sorry you're trying to
think of like stuff that I want to know
how dad cooks you know number one is
obviously pot roast
Jennifer sort of made it it wasn't
totally it was legit no offense but it
ain't dad's
it's that draining feeling that we're
never gonna have dad's cooking that's
one of the reason he he made me I don't
know if I ever told you this but he made
me a bunch of cooking videos that he
asked me to release after he passed away
and I told him I didn't want anything to
do with it I was like I know please
don't give me any videos for that reason
but he did anyway he left them to me on
a hard drive one none of them are the
stuff we want to make though his chicken
and rice he never made that on video
guys grandpa made a delicious chicken
the rice the rice was creamy with
chicken and it had like sweet peas and
carrots in it and all was good another
one of the things that I missed though
was when he made the chicken fried
chicken I'm thinking about it I don't
know how to do it like him though he
would pound the chicken flat and fry it
with white gravy and like wash it
paper-thin I don't know how he does it
dad were just sitting here reminisce and
talking about you I wish you would have
left us more recipes I know you left me
a ton of cooking videos fried chicken
he's got a fried chicken video in the
book that ought to release he's got two
fried chicken videos he's he like made
it twice he's got a cheeseburger video I
showed you that one that's another guys
cooking video from grandpa that he wants
me to he wanted me to release after he
passed taco egg rolls
yeah that's coming oh man that is great
mmm Wow oh my god
the eggroll taco you know he was working
on that cookbook he's got a lot of these
recipes written down and report and
recorded one of audiotape yeah he made
oh he made an audio tape telling recipes
I know Laurens got it I'll talk to her
about that yeah I forgot about that
grandpa secret tapes that's good yeah he
was working on cuz he was sending you a
bunch of recipes too because he wanted
to do it grandpa really wanted to do a
cookbook there are so much stuff that I
wish we could make man like you know
what blood vessel you just now noticing
this I don't know what happened bro
you're scaring me it's blood it's blood
yes it's blinding are you are you
gagging yes I don't know blood vessel
cab Jill oh my god I'm hanging up see
I'm not uh I cannot believe my music
video drops Friday oh gosh I know you
guys are gonna love it so much dude it's
a real music so amazing I cried my eyes
out I can't wait for you guys to see
this thing and like there's drone
footage the birds
oh god up on camera I don't know please
don't fly over me oh my god they might
crap on you okay furro why are you
wearing that what that jacket it's like
75 out I like it makes you feel cool I
look fly I'm one of the sudden I live
shirt that looks like a freaking
tablecloth to this covers it up is it
really 75 yeah it's like 75 it's so
freakin hot today
it was pretty hot sick of this actually
I want cold thanks Lyle you may feel
insecure I'm sorry I was just wondering
hey I feel a lot better I feel like I
was going to the early stages a
heatstroke seriously no huh my look he's
getting any better
Oh what dude Oh No okay you're starting
to piss me off
William take you to the hospital give me
a straight answer
we're getting out of here in just a few
minutes you guys but before we do I
actually wanted to take a minute to
elaborate on what I met on the phone
call when I say grandpa had secret tapes
he had secret tapes I didn't really
touch one in the phone call but I wanted
to talk about it right now so after
grandpa passed away when the dust
started to clear we sort of started to
pick ourselves up we started to go
through all the files that we had and
then I had all these flash drives and
hard drives of video files with dad and
Lauren started to go through all the
files that she had and there was a lot
of stuff that nobody knew about cassette
tapes of dad talking about recipes and
talking because we wanted to do a book
and it was afraid of something were to
happen to him he wanted his words on
record first time I went camping in my
life we were staying at my grandmother's
house in a place called Ola over South
Carolina and my cousin's all of us got
together we thought we're gonna go
camping for a weekend so my daddy took
me he won Katy by himself so he got a
Kent videos of him cooking stuff that
none of us knew that he made secret
videos guys grandpa had secret files and
I didn't get them or know about them
until after he passed away and he was
very specific and how he wanted me to
release those videos like for instance
there is a st. Patrick's Day corned beef
and cabbage video coming up for st.
Patrick's Day Oh
the earth was being there were more
unicorns that you'd ever seen hey happy
st. Patty's Day I love you for it dad
but I know he used to always tell me he
was like my I wanted many videos of me
and that can have in case something
happens and I never wanted to like talk
about it I never wanted to think about
it because I don't want to think about
that day and I guess dad didn't think in
for me so he made a whole bunch of
cooking videos that he told nobody about
because number one he wanted you guys to
have videos of him after he was gone and
number two he wanted videos for the
family dad I love you for it
their secret tapes you guys but they are
coming they are coming very I don't see
very soon they're gonna be split up like
he wanted there's some videos for
certain holidays but guys cooking videos
are coming fried chicken corned beef and
cabbage cheeseburgers like sticky turkey
wings pot roast everything that grandpa
loved to make I've got on video and
we're gonna release it and that we don't
have it on video we got it on cassette
tape guys we're getting out of here in
just a second
I just wanted to take a second to talk
about the secret tape so you guys really
understood what I meant when I said that
I should point out right now that today
is officially the last day to get the
gone but not forgotten t-shirt in a few
hours it's gone forever
and I wanted to just say thank you guys
so much for everybody that bought the
shirt and tweeted them wearing it I know
I haven't followed everybody back I'm in
the process it's starting to look into
that and DM and people and following
people it's daunting because there's so
many it's like over a thousand and I
can't believe how many people love dad
to the point of buying this shirt it
moved all of our family beyond belief
thank you guys so much
this is the last day it's gone in a few
hours and I just wanted to say thank you
so much it means so much to all of us
thank you
let's finish this log up well that's
gonna be it for today you guys thanks
for watching had a pretty good day
talking to Kim and going over recipe
and watching all those videos I know it
was so sad but I really actually want to
make sticky turkey wings next time today
yeah one grandpa's recipes with sticky
turkey wings I don't need to do it I
think I said at least try it's a
daunting task I think you're gonna fail
it's one of my favorite foods though
grandpa would make sticky turkey wings
me would cook them in butter and they
would slow cook and get crisp Oh God and
I think we tried to make it one time and
they turn rubbery like really maybe I
don't remember maybe that was kale mom
I'm gonna try it I think that was her
yeah Kim failed at it I'm sorry you know
what I want to try what that chicken
fried chicken recipe dude Oh totally
overs up chicken fried chicken guys
smack the like button again like I said
if you want us to do that chicken fried
chicken recipe I'm making no promises
that I'm gonna succeed and I'm making no
promises that the kitchen isn't gonna be
totally destroyed
okay Michael it's a huge man you don't
live in Somerville Doug we will when I'm
done make a chicken-fried chicken it's a
huge record it's a huge mess but guys
it is delicious and if I don't pull it
off at least I tried dad before we get
out of here I just wanted to say thank
you on behalf of myself and all the fans
like I said earlier you guys hehe wanted
to make videos after he passed and he
knew that that was a touchy subject for
me and I didn't want to be a part of
that so he did it without me knowing and
he did it because he wanted you guys to
have videos and he wanted us to have
videos and getting those after he passed
was one heartbreaking and too so
touching dad I love you for it I know I
never wanted to face the reality and
this is the reason why because it's so
hard without you but I love you
it's unimaginably difficult to live
without you but I love you guys we're
getting out of here thanks for watching
like subscribe favorite
well not everything just you ready to
cook something sticky turkey wings next
Sunday headed how about chicken fried
chicken I'm
guys I hope I don't mess this up
