what's going on you guys can't behind a
camera here vigil is here ripen and
today I'm feeling a lot better I think
my voice is coming back I still have a
cop that was fake right I feel like it
was like psychological I think I was
like psychologically I got a cop you
poor thing I don't know today is Monday
and today I've got to watch
mcjuggernuggets new video I haven't seen
it I saw you like copied a title he bet
he's done a parody mcjuggernuggets has
these things where he does role
reversals and now he's done it with us
where he is it cuz his future don't so
bad it's using her name now like oh he's
you literally you know just stills not
disrespect the guy okay hungry grandpa
destroyed he is for blood yeah that
sounds all too familiar guys listen
Jesse has he's pissed at me because I
pranked him and I'll blame him but is a
good prank like that was a great prank
look forget this intro we got to do this
it's hard to watch the mcjuggernuggets
dude look at their server oh I see it
Bridget I see
are they calling us fat yes your
question what did I do to piss him off
so much I know
oh oh I gotta pray
let me tell you something Jesse whoo let
me tell you something dude once again
you've taken my life and you turned it
into a joke you've done it again you did
it with the divorce when you make fun of
my parents getting divorced and me
psycho parents get the boys you did it
when your dad with the storing gang
systems making fun of me when you made
fun of fucking my family when you ruin
the holidays you convict me
you stole my life and now you're doing
it on purpose I'm fat see what are you
doing where's my microphone play button
what I'm just he knows it was a small
prank sorry this is a time where's my
microphone I don't know check upstairs
is not a fire
I'm cutting a diss track I want to
microphone and make it a song about the
juggernut it's it's probably absurd it's
upstairs Bell was freaking out we calm
down this was the last thing I wanted
today but this is the first thing that's
happening I don't know to say if you
were good with your word so I think you
should do it why are you so mad or is it
a lot because I got a cold hit record
this is you falling oh my gosh my boy
you gotta chill out all right
yup this is it
Jessie do not get a dist I'm getting
sick and didn't just you need to get a
grip I try to get in touch with you ii
college and I never member this to get
so put them everything it did I got
Michael stop
I got a cold not work stop it why don't
you just I don't know record increments
what am I
amateur my joke no oh god she's getting
pissed this is it Jess if you got
getting pissed I'm getting sick and get
- hi babe you gotta calm down
try hey try it again Michael stop it
are you cut it out Michael stop it just
try it again try it just try Bella's
barking she's gonna coddle the video oh
my gosh Bella sweetie can you want to
record my rap song this is the tape I
know it now you can feel it - hey this
is it hey Michael this what we bought
those are the lyrics wouldn't open just
just try once more this is the take I
can feel it - babe babe I know I feel it
this is it
Jessie Deena good alright this is it
Jesse dude I'm getting pissed I'm
getting sick again
guess you've eaten bread I try to get in
touch with you to say I'm sorry shit I
never met but this we get to put them in
but then again but this is it and this
is where I draw the line you didn't keep
my name out your mouth oh dude I'm gonna
fly her to get happens need to
face-to-face and take the time to talk
about to life and Wyatt Cup you're
obsessed with money
Jesse yeah I swear to Christ I hate to
take the time to write some lines about
a guy I thought that I would go to fine
would be your friend but like instead
you made me hate the guy I used to write
by the battles like to try to justify
the Elijah told to me was he wasn't
recording what Michael stop it
no oh my god
microphone Michael stop it stop stop it
no please don't don't do it from me you
don't you better back up or it smashed
tried oh damn it Qaeda get the fuck
inside
I think my computer's broke too this is
what the hell Jesse's done to me no no
Mike hey I fucking tried I tried
good guys Michaels
Michael just go in fuck you Java Duggan
anarchy
he made another video too
oh fuck this dude we help me Michael
stop it I'm sorry no you're not
help me with what taking this bullshit
up no oh so you're not sorry you're such
a bitch you'll change your goddamn
diaper follow me
I was trying to be a rapper Michael you
are a rapper my diss track was a flop
your Twitter is called lyrical drap you
are a rapper he's bullshit rap
smegal come on I swear to God Emma's
next no it isn't no get away from me now
you're not it this makes you kind of a
dumbass though I'm not gonna lie
but for real we need to put our trash by
the street okay come on mother cry I'm
gonna fucking stop it my god are you
kidding me right now I'm not a bully ma
I speak I've only got one take and it's
gonna suck and it's the only take I'm
gonna be able to have so this districts
gonna blow yeah because you did that oh
god you're stupid you're stupid for this
come on home with the trash and pick up
your goddamn mess all right you guys
first I want to apologize for my actions
I freaked out I was able to record one
version of the verse and I can't record
another one so this is not going to be
perfect by no means perfect but I had a
friend that name was pfb we've actually
done songs together I sent him the file
and he was able to do this
with it so this is what I would call the
mcjuggernuggets district I had a chorus
for it and I wanted to do an intro for
it but I destroyed the microphone and
that's over with and by the trough
excuse me
and if you destroy that thing my car
it's over with you made a mistake with
that lady
anyways this is the diss track that I
wrote from a judgement I guess the
lyrics are going to be popping up on the
screen so you can follow along with it
Jessie give it a listen buddy cuz I
think it's gonna hit close to home oh I
think so too bitch damn calm down yo
anyway let's get this thing going yeah
bitch
that was really crude shush your mouth
won't cover the lens this is that Jessie
dude I'm getting pissed I'm getting sick
again and just you need to get a grip I
tried to get in touch with you to say
I'm sorry shit I never meant for this to
get the gist of it but then it did but
this is it and this is where I draw the
line you need to keep my name out your
mouth or dude I'm gonna fly out to your
house and meet you face-to-face and take
the time and talk about your life and
why you suck so you're upset with mine
Jessie I swear to Christ I hate to take
the time to write some lines about a guy
I thought that I will grow to vine would
be a friend for life and said you made
me hate the guy I used to ride you write
about us like we can justify the lies
you told to me you've had it man I'm
glad I made a series out by lightning
you can have a dog you daagon day my
dad's entire rage and package it for all
to say your speakers in the end and part
of you just passed away I mean like all
the traits you carry go with all the
pain of or the side you bring that makes
the dreams that night you can't erase
you sleep with all the hate the cycle
kids you can't escape me kill the
standard in this channel with the single
shiny made
a really bad mistake the faggot-ass the
pastor blame ease matter seems that half
of what he has is gone with all the same
his dad that's not the same the cycle
daddy thought he made was only good
until the day he told the world it all
was fake but don't go pass the blame on
someone else you asked to make the
actions that you're acting out on dog
don't come back on me
you're only mad that we have always had
a way to see a way to please our fans
and tell them thanks well you just paid
a theme like all your make-believe
emotions was a way to keep these people
on their toes they're just a joke to you
and all I see is that the joke's on me
can see I know you're my life and then
you try to lie and say I copied you and
take the time to read the dates on yours
i thinka read the dates on mine cuz do
my channel started seven years before
you even tried my dad was taking knives
and Bassam breaking these while you took
the time to know and be an active but
your actions fine you use my channel as
a mountain that you had to climb you
took the pain I live with like my
parents leaving as a lie to go make
money off the pain I lived and now
you're back to take the rest of what I
earned because you lost to shit you add
that was to mcjuggernuggets dis track
now I'm not a rapper you guys okay for
everybody that's gonna be the comments
this SAP's this is a trap you suck okay
I'm not rapping oh you were so a rapper
and that was on fire that was the fire
that was hashtag one fleek I know it's
not because you're over hyped it and
that's gonna suck no I know that it
sucks but it's the best that I could do
it's the best that I could do under such
short notice because I destroyed the
microphone for one I could or rewrite
anything so that's what I got mind you
the lyrics that were popping up on the
screen did it exactly match the words
that's because when I write I sort of
freestyle it's not really a freestyle
but I don't exactly read what's on the
thing so some of it might not match
completely but anyway that's the diss me
chugga Nuggets that's to you burn burn
baby burn burn bitch burn now I posted a
preview on Twitter people are like your
copy and rice come you do realize that
this thing is like me going on forever
you know have you ever heard of biggie
or Tupac okay
rat dis is our thing I didn't copy
freaking rice gum I actually copied
Eminem who was like the king of diss
tracks
oh my god everybody loves him with him
but anyway that's the diss track now
it's time to live a little more life
Bella is pissed off at me right now
because I missed her boyfriend you mad
girl Clyde you want to talk some sense
into this girl hello
your girlfriend is mad that I just was
jugging up no you don't care he doesn't
care even Bella betrayed oh look he just
set off the fucking Shannon man yep you
guys this is in our house Bella look
she's like
oh she does in some freaking ham oh
that's what it is we have sandwich stuff
up here you guys and she's trying to get
one sorry girl we judge now these Brits
got very real you can't do it me
juggling those bridge got very clear
message for you okay if I do I gotta do
it now
I got this I got it mijeong nose bridge
got very queer message for you okay it's
my turn you gotta say to my part Oh
Michael has a message for you
mcjuggernuggets know the jelly nose
bitch got message to you it was fine it
worked well that's gonna be a fair day
you guys thanks for watching recorded a
little dis track to make juggling again
it was awesome it was okay but it was so
awesome like like you like I told you as
early I don't claim to be a rapper I
don't claim to be anything except your
twitter name is lyrical drought I used
to try to rap and I can't change it okay
it used to be something I wanted to do
and I'm not that good at it but
sometimes when I want to I'll do it I
like the songs you wrote about me I
don't want to discuss those I mean what
is this anyway I'm gonna get out of here
thanks for watching you guys
Jesse if you want to talk dog just call
me okay we can squash this without
coming to blows you kind of won though I
mean I don't want to come to blows broke
with all new yeah yeah hey look I'm
trying to be the badass here I'll knock
you out Jesse so anyway I'm gonna get
out of here thanks for watching you guys
Jesse don't don't go messing around okay
don't do nothing stupid just drop it
here yeah drop it bitch I'm the bad ass
like inscribed favorite that's fun nope
okay yeah follow me and everything I'm
big bad man I'm big bad man
about I'm bid Batman
you
