what's going on you guys Kippy on a
camera here for Joe us here Charlie
right there I do it you probably know by
now if you've seen the main channel
video Charlie is out of jail yeah he's
actually been out of jail for about
three days he was at Thanksgiving we had
to hide him he's been staying here uh
yeah because dad at this point in time
thinks he gets out in two weeks I've
been bad bad law so I'm a good time man
so I'm gay I'm not not me some a
birthday so we're making this is great
Charlie's idea oh yeah you're welcome
guys yeah Charles came up with the idea
to make him think he escaped so all this
time we've been telling dad yeah Charlie
gets out maybe January though Charlie
he's out in two weeks Charlie gets out
the beginning in December dad thinks I
was getting out the second week of
December too bad he's out today hey was
that going your mom here yeah she mom
still here she's here all this time did
you know I did not know I saw a car out
there oh crap
I didn't you didn't know I don't want to
say about that well had the house alpha
is among us look we got to get this
video going Charlie
you getting ready to break out ooh
starting with ease oh let's get you in
some jumpsuits
so Bridget doesn't like that I said
you've already seen the video yeah what
if it doesn't work out how many times do
we make intros and then if it doesn't
work out we got to redo it a lot so if
it doesn't work out they don't see what
we just feel better work out oh my god
seriously if it fails then we J don't
doesn't make the directors claw got a
kid we get a new interim will just say
Charlie get out of jail we all right
yeah yeah you know how much they they
they asked me whenever they did that uh
that question for the question when I
got interviewed for the news huh yeah
ass like say like ten questions and I
guess they'll I put what one on there
yeah you get your sense of pride for the
community re-enacting
I can't do it do it I'll just give me
all the way at the time well we're gonna
try on some of these that I ran gram
look at your mouth yeah why is it Owen I
don't know crazy how exciting to see him
brazen very boyfriend okay made a big
mistake we got then go we got a second
jumpsuit okay this one Charlie can't
wear oh my god Wyatt the Department of
erections do it even came oh my god I
can't show the strap it's upstairs so it
came with a freakin struck one so you
can't wear the department you still try
it on
but yeah charlie is putting on jailhouse
jumpsuit number one here let's get my
erection
huh and how about Bow Wow Wow Wow
Magic Mike it let's get it let's get it
oh man dude would have dad like trust to
take you down I just thought about that
what it does like how much take Joe
ashes
oh shit I don't know about the run and
trailing like I don't know right like
what that has like a sword I'm gonna
cook your goddamn head oh he's been for
any freaking mad dating oh here we go
so you know you can't wear this one Oh
orange this black not bad but then turn
to the back No thank God come from the
apartment of directions okay yeah gotta
get off so we're gonna tell Dad that
Charles is broken out of jail maybe he
killed somebody I don't know where we're
gonna get into it I don't know yet
oh this is gonna be fun it's kind of
kind of little nervous you nervous a
little bit
I don't you know I'm stead of wanting to
put the keel over and die man from a
heart attack or something
I'll it√≠s a bit more snug
yeah that was a pretty bad your Snuggie
okay I'd like a pict a turnaround okay
got busted penitentiary to the tenth
year I got busted so and we also got
these Oh hold this okay
that doesn't no good at all does it well
yeah let's just put them on as if beasts
instead of a Beastie Boy what Beastie
Boy you're an arrest cream so Charlie
really requested we do a cavity search
for this idiot
30-100 okay now we obviously can't have
you in handcuffs that were at an ER yeah
so the struggle is real I busted out so
everybody knows he's totally out of jail
legally yeah oh my god but it's not
worth 25 extra years put on it
Wow or whatever is it's not worth it so
thumbnail we out back-to-back all right
we're gonna do an intro for the past few
months
Charlie has been in jail over child
support in the hunt for the past few
months Charles has been locked away in
jail because he was held in contempt of
court over child support issues so if
you were wondering why you haven't been
seeing him that's why and dad for some
reason thinks he gets out in two weeks I
don't know where he got that idea from
because Charles just busted out today oh
he escaped
oh my god this world is so big out here
you gotta hide me so he gives me a right
what just stay over you gotta help me
what choices escaped for the past few
months my brother Charlie has been in
jail because he was held in contempt of
court
over child support issues he's working
on getting his life back together and
unfortunately he gets out in two weeks
or I meant today because he just accept
oh man I don't be Michael I need help I
just got out I don't know what to do to
jail criminal oh my god man Charles just
busted out of jail
not really he got out today whoo sorry
dad hmm how's that that's all sir
for the past few months Charlie has been
in jail not summer camp jail because he
got arrested because he was held in
contempt of court help me I don't know
what to do man I skate man little early
there yeah uh-huh
it was too early for the past few months
Charlie has been in jail jail
I mean jail he was in jail
Hey how it goes that's how it was that's
how it
you give you gold upon man oh man yeah
joke bullshit I didn't kill him
my man over here now I'll be somewhere I
can't talk about our boat my god laughs
come to kick your butt here I need you
now get it flat it Bros on the way so
the where can't believe anything man but
Dad I don't know what to do house where
I want to meet you now you wanna get on
that jams are one I'm not going back
Jill Oh Nicky ruining your life
give it now Oh
ruin your whole life who ever know what
good man shit we gotta go somewhere I
got a way to do it oh man
so I mean my birthday to you I came is
over today what I give is my working on
your birthday and Christmas in this room
you hear you you you you you you you
cute damn sorry
no more cause you you you your birthday
so you pull it together your birthday
that is already calling me right now I
got a gift he's already calling first
Jam hello
hey why what's going on calm now what's
going on why what's going on ok I'm
around the corner I'll be done about a
minute oh my god I expect him to call me
that damn quick holy says so on her way
to death oh my god this prank Michael
whoo
oh okay right here and you shut up
we got him yep comes out that he's out
he's out legally yes he got a wooden dog
a mom just enough money out for a couple
days yeah I got you
he was at my house and Thanksgiving he
was upstairs I saw you at noon when dad
was there was a Jew she came upstairs
dude I got y'all you're mine I will get
you in man green checking in we just got
dad sorry daddy love you man how you
feeling
sorry not sorry idiot dude dude no such
a good guy you know despite all the bad
right way down I thought about that like
a week going in like you know what okay
Prague dad yeah Charlie I'll be like a
week is okay what if I make that thing I
could skate lagoon
I just bought a jumpsuit today hi all
right it was like yeah every you didn't
die by the jumpsuit no idea what I was
going to do charlie all the good it's
perfect
oh yeah and I am so many people as the
legalities of it and stuff and yeah you
know bones everyone knows that I did get
out freely I want it taken out mokicho
boom oh man dad I had no partner
I actually had no right ghetto boy no it
was a head I got practice so yeah me too
I was scared
now screw it we were all part yeah
challah bread that's right we thought of
this like a weekend in his jail sentence
yeah I will pick us up myself
Oh can't be no worse what I've done been
through four I love you shank you like
the elegance we made this like oh yeah
pretty official that's pretty funny
legit dad seen a mini episodes Oz yeah
I'm just glad that I didn't kill him I'm
sorry
heart attack zone No kill who dad but
you've got a real guard I'll be honest
at the end there I don't know dad looked
a little messed up I want frightened
I don't want do ya I get yeah I could
tell I didn't stab Michael to death with
jailhouse tile that was totally not
playing out if it was I would have had
to fake what go that was with finesse
right there it'll look real let me tell
you it did oh my god why I get home
early woke up was his - a little late
for a year didn't turn into a kill oh
man well dad I didn't want to tell you
we had this plan for a while man I
didn't want to do it before Thanksgiving
because I wanted to think Charlie's
missing Thanksgiving dad thought Charlie
was getting out in two weeks which made
it even funnier we did it we did it
I got you oh yes just got me down scared
to death that was funny
hello I can see me six six years old
with number three nine four six seven
eight to nine on my chest oh my god
gotcha yeah yeah I love you dad you know
and yeah I've got you without handcuffs
with these cheap things and get off like
a little button probably oh no we can't
get here we go
whoo yeah the big brother has a nice
tiger when hit down this big random girl
well Charlie's back
