what's going on you guys kid behind the
camera here rejoice he yeah right there
and today is fun Friday first I wanted
to address the fact that ass Brian well
I did do something today is Friday and
the reason this blog is starting off on
Friday is because tomorrow we are busy
busy are you on drugs no seriously
you're acting really wonky right I was
just saying it because we're gonna be
really busy okay
bridges like I can't feel my face uh
what uh okay
have you taken medication for the cold
no I mean yeah but no how much y'all I'm
joking we're starting this vlog off
tonight because tomorrow were super busy
you guys I got a prank I'm planning on
anger grandpa
it was my idea no it wasn't it wasn't it
was neither of our idea we can't take
the credit for it it wasn't either of
our idea but we're got grandpa tomorrow
and if it didn't work
you're not seeing this I'm really
jealous like I didn't think of us anyway
we got a lot to do I got to start this
vlog off tonight but it's really
Saturday but we're starting it up on
Friday anyway well see this Saturday
right I don't even I can't keep up
I'm just trying to get it done you do
like whatever you got just call me back
you see this like I really want to I
really want to explain
he won't answer me so uh I have been
trying to get in touch with the
juggernaut gets all night you guys
because the video we uploaded about an
hour ago or yesterday because this is
actually tomorrow uh it came out that me
and boogie have been pranking him uh he
really deserved that
if you okay let me wrap you up some of
you guys who have not seen this so a
couple of weeks ago mcjuggernuggets came
to my house and he was going through my
stuff and he scared dad sorry I still
got my cold uh and he scared dad I can't
even talk he's scared dad he got me
crying on the front porch he started all
kinds of bullcrap with me and so I got
mad so I called boogie2988 and I talked
to him about pranking Jesse and we liked
it and it was good okay so it was
fabulous it was brilliant
it was awesome I okay you're brilliant
if you haven't seen it it's actually
you're brilliant
you don't know why why you know where I
got the idea huh if you guys have never
seen it Bridget pranked me into having
dad make me think he snapped when I came
to stay with him for about a week it's
called pickle boy moves in oh my god so
I said boogie should do the same thing
oh my
chugalug and he did it and now Mick
Jagger's won't answer my calls do you
want to shake my hand for being so smart
yeah so the whole mcjuggernuggets thing
was based off of anger grandpa more
pickle boy moves in so I'm trying to get
him he doesn't want to answer me I don't
know do you think it's like I don't know
hey man it's me again you don't I know
for a fact you're purposely avoiding me
because you're pissed but if you can let
me explain you know I never intended for
any of that to happen he does not want
to answer dude so Jesse get over it get
over a dude you're freaking deserve this
he flew a drone to my dad yeah and he
went through I went to our stuff you
around my man's a laptop I don't think
so you fully deserved it sorry not sorry
at all
not sorry something that I didn't get a
chance to talk about in the vlog today
or yesterday was the fact that the angry
grand pop store is having Black Friday
sales now you're probably going to see
this one Saturday so there is a code for
Saturday and I'm gonna see for
tomorrow's vlog about getting a code for
like the whole weekend but right now if
you guys want to say 15% when you're
checking out use this code it's on my
face right now that saves you 50% when
you're checking out put that code into
it'll say like insert code or something
and it'll save you 15% so anybody wants
to get a grandpa shirt on the cheat for
Christmas
that's the code to use check it out I'm
pretty sure there's going to be more I'm
pretty sure we'll have some cyber monday
stuff but anyway that applies to
everything your entire order say 50% and
I know it sounds like I'm plugging the
store but the truth is I am unplugging
the store has exactly what I'm doing
Auto Bella he's not in there so
women they don't know about anything at
this point Bridget though we haven't
even filmed it yeah oh yeah the bed
no so
I'm sorry come on guys alphabet Hey yeah
check this up ugly send there oh my gosh
alright we guys are the bad you guys
it's light
tomorrow we're a became so divided
people gotta sleep l ago come on you
guys
okay come on come on bunny can somebody
please go downstairs I mean I guess I
will come on Bell there we go don't you
guys know people trying to sleep
damn holy shit
you guys excited for the brain come on
Bella it's time for bed Oh guys the big
girl come on Baker hall what if he's in
there what if he's in here it's a little
chilly well that now if he is just talk
to him have you done like hags came to
see you
yeah rude apart I don't think it was
okay
okay Joe I'm gonna snap stop it be
careful never swear to God
oh my god dude honest to god I would be
to five Lila what up
so you been hiding out oh don't give any
more clothes
god I don't want them to know yet oh I
know you filming though okay um we just
prank grandpa really good yeah really
good it might be one of the best pranks
this year I've been pranked better than
this really
yeah you think that was the best one
that's the best one I think you've done
yet we don't even on it yeah that you
don't get to me no don't see nothing two
days hey I'm behind him in my own damn
house okay ah I don't want to give it oh
my god I know I'm saying too much
Michael what we got grandpa you could
probably piece together what happened
but I don't tell you anymore click like
if you're excited to click like I'm a
click like shake my hand
thumbnail handshake how's this frigid I
love that smile oh my god I got him so
it was honestly like I'm getting mad I'm
usually the one who comes up with these
awesome ideas but she's she's even once
against me she's taking off you know
even against me she goes oh no hey oh
that's no oh yeah I was giving Michael a
compliment over this at all I guess we
didn't shave her eyebrows hard enough I
guess we did
my car we got you too man yeah I'm
saying you're starting to win best
pranks oh yeah now I might come up with
a better one
hey I'm with you on it against you
against me both of you come on
ain't no party all three of us why don't
why not don't give out your village
information Michael oh god damn it
Michael I'm just really happy right now
vo oh yeah oh I got shake your hand babe
thank you
you want to know why I don't have you
noticed it
there's a camera next to the computer
knows that
hey where look this is I'll begin open
it you could have a look at it honey I'd
you get that where did you do that oh I
have my ways
honey here did you do that well I snuck
in I called you first
you didn't answer I snuck in I hid it
dude we got him so good it was so good
shake my hand again babe shake your hand
what are you doing no I I mean honestly
Michael like you were sour right now you
late charlie rude don't you dare be sour
I've been had ha hey you want your
toothbrush ha ha ha I can't tell you how
good of a mood I'm in done oh my god me
too babe more than on the phone how am I
supposed to know you had it it's your
phone oh my god my god I did have to
take it from him cousin he's gonna call
9-1-1 don't worry guys would you drop a
pebble Cola is that not in there
not John okay looking for grandpa's bug
where do you think it is I don't know
on the five what I got man you know I
got it men we got you have so good I
just want to take the moment you guys to
say thank you to all of your stunts sure
well we got you yeah
Oh
you
