what's going on you guys kid behind the
camera here for to us here right there
and today is Black Friday it's the day
after Thanksgiving and if you can't tell
we are up bright and early to go Black
Friday shopping let's take a look
outside right now it is about 4 o'clock
in the morning as you can see that's
proof is really dark
it is not hey don't show actually no all
right let me be honest for a second we
forgot to do the intro again is there a
new thing now
well should we forget it's not a new
thing we often forget to do the intro
the problem is we usually remember
around 5 o'clock and it's still daylight
now it's freaking dark all the time yeah
and we can't get away with it anymore so
now I have to just try to be honest with
you until you I forgot to do the intro
honesty is the best false honesty is the
best policy
so full disclosure most of this day's
already happened I went out with grandpa
today I had a Skype conversation with
boogie regarding mcjuggernuggets I
cleaned up Thanksgiving mess we've done
a lot to save the hambo for you guys oh
yeah Bridget wants you guys to see the
ham so you're gonna get to that in a
little bit but anyway let's go back in
time again because I can't lie to you
this was earlier when dad showed up
let's get this blog started yo now you a
know regular over here huh what what's
going on Roy huh donut you brought
doughnuts horses
what does donut connection oh man good
thing I put the camera down huh no life
you don't drop these things man so you
brought some doughnuts
where the hell is down a connection
never heard of them goose treat you okay
you don't have me so where are we going
door Kadesh I know I'm saying you came
to take me somewhere weird how we doing
we are gonna go look for PDQ cooker what
the hell is that
all cook pigs Jam ever had open gate now
well grandpa brought some doughnuts
we're going out I'll be right back so
we're sitting out here in the heat right
now it is way too hot for this early in
the damn morning but I'm chilling with
grey I don't know why I just turned it
to you because they saw you a minute ago
hey I'm either man Here I am Sydney two
out I'll believe that shit I know
neither do i but he got me sitting
outside okay
and he excuse me you said do the outside
area everybody likes to be in it don't
pity what I say yeah you can go inside
come on let's go not only goes oh yeah
you see oh shut up
well I was happy you came over
Thanksgiving yesterday no one yeah you
are
it was a good time and you know it
Harlan goddamn I'll home alone well when
people want to have fun they come over
here when they want to be screamed at
and clean up pieces of broken glass they
go wherever you are speaking of how the
hell we gonna fix that freaking
chandelier you got to get a whole new
chandelier no I yeah you can buy lizard
uh bass from where Lowe's Home Depot
you're making this up bouncing they make
that model damn boy who wouldn't matter
they involve major buy six just like it
but I can they make that size what I
care anyway maybe you just should have
done it maybe I don't care
maybe she'd brought the people over
Thanksgiving dinner like they were
supposed to man if my food was better
than yours anyway because everybody else
brought it you didn't cook it
that's a good point you know I gotta
cover the lens because I'm done with all
this where are we going you said we were
going somewhere we're gonna go look at
pdq cooker because I want to cook a hog
for New Year's yeah
well here we are dad pawn shop that's
what I want to look at that one right
there and we're looking
everyone to big go to big would even go
find the perfect size to one yep talk to
my dad wants to look at a cooker for New
Year's
this perfect what
so how much you looking to spend this is
2,000 huh 99 I get it what was you
expecting no they got smaller a creeper
look at it
is just too big this we thought about
was like selling somewhere
I could I wouldn't either hey I ain't
gonna oh my god golly cook two hogs not
my father
that's too big that's too heavy we're
gonna order that man
you know there's antiag of you hurt me
just over the dam see this country I've
been told by one side this one here's
400 Oh God
that's my new this is I'll beat hell up
yeah but not what you knew or these but
ain't bad one if you have to work on a
son
anymore Danny sitting here having a
little bit of lunch what would you do
the salt in your hand for cuddling those
always come out okay
well we are here at Larry's giant so
what you got there
corned beef corned beef I got what's
called the Kong check this out that has
turkey ham and bacon
that's no key how is it not deliver
well and late kiddos they go they were
promoting them oh good let's go eat so
so right now I'm sitting here having a
conversation with boogie and by the time
oh man
okay by the time you guys have seen this
video you will already know the secret
the whole series with boogie and Jesse
was my idea I don't see I still don't
like we say was afraid bro and it's on
you Jesse I'm serious dude yeah that's
on Jesse not me you scared him half to
death and look that was my plan okay you
guys so the jug because these juggies
are crazy they were have you gotten in
touch with the junkies unit oh yeah
they're absolutely excited they're like
my social media is unusable right
nothing like you're crazy you're a
murderer you're a pedophile you're
crazier but I'm gonna kill you I'm gonna
shoot you in the face dougies it's a
break room and now the hate is off of
booking and now it's all on me so these
judges thirties could be there's gonna
be Instagram she's where boggs
he definitely deserved it though who's
gonna be Instagram profiles now
pickleboy sucks it's it's gonna be crazy
Jesse I'm sorry I'm not sorry I'm not
sorry so funny
he believed that Freitas stuff too he
believed that I was like multiple
characters in my head II literally I
don't know if he ever put it on camera
but he called me a schizo right to my
face it's like you're see it's a dude
but you have he is a schizophrenic
though I'm a hundred percent sure that
the character went through his head
because he's got no one normal person
goes through your you saw the videos
news here
right exactly is that he was walk he was
running around my house in his boxers on
a leather jacket with what that's the
thing do you never know you never
fucking know
the juggies have no way of know what
Jesse's actually like because he doesn't
film everything
okay and he doesn't put everything he
films into his logs so you never fucking
know what he's actually up to okay but
you know you Michael fucking saw it I
fucking saw it I already is really like
okay and I don't know how to convey that
team bit there is like creepy
scary sometimes I love you Jesse I love
you I really do man
but you know you weren't the only one
that was scared you you got you get
weird dude I love you but you're weird
hey let's get a thumbnail booty bro just
turn the light I'm getting a thumbnail
buddy fuck I have light works I love it
okay ready Bridget yep what's going that
aim like a turn oh this is pissing me
off I was doing thank you first just
take the damn thumbnail this is our mat
boogie through a machine did you get it
damn it she's fucking up some yarn oh
damn she's know I
hey guys bit know it seriously who try
to get my thumbs over-the-air give these
up too you can do whatever you want
damn it just stopped me I'm done with it
thank you for coming Lance oh it was a
prank
okay I'm done with this part of my life
so I went off this thing can we cover
this it was just a prank
let me to boogie I'm done with the
segment with bogey if you haven't seen
the video check it out the link is below
yeah I pranked mcjuggernuggets the whole
thing with boogie was a prank now part
of me wonders if they didn't like figure
it out at some point and they flipped it
on me I'm still trying to process that
myself but anyway that's gonna be on his
channel if you want to see it right now
I want to talk about some from the vlog
yesterday so if you didn't see the vlog
yesterday I encourage you to see it it
was our Thanksgiving video and while we
were doing the vlog we learned that
somebody thought that this was a video
camera so what this is where any Ridgid
yep
it is our nightlight if you look right
there it shines the I lie
to look at space it's like it's just
shines planets on our wall okay that's
all it is and somebody during dinner
flipped it inward because they thought
that which it does let it focus on it it
literally does a good camera as a focus
nod Oh christ almighty tired of this
come on there we go that right there
they thought was a camera and hey
rightfully so look at this thing oh yeah
oh my god they thought it was a freaking
camera and today we decided to make it a
little bit of detective work so Bridget
has been writing her family and her
friends that were here at Thanksgiving
and what's the verdict let me film you
you can tell me what they've told you so
everyone says they did it do it everyone
everyone who knew how was it who thinks
we're sick I don't like talking about it
that way okay somebody thought we were
recording them use the bathroom okay
someone thinks for sick so somebody
thought it so let's break down the
guestlist we had I assume it's a girl
okay we had your cousin and your
stepsister your aunt your mom Lauren and
Tina those are the people who are here
I'm pretty sure Tina has seen the night
light before this scene yes dude we've
had it for over a year then ask her
it was it was not Tina there was no way
it was Tina it could I'm gonna say was
your and she was like what the hell are
they doing oh my god I'm leaving well my
cousin did say a Joe what did she say
she was like I don't know Bridget you
guys do get gather a lot of footage okay
was her oh my my god you got to clear
that up I do so bridges cousin thought
that we were filming her use the
bathroom and I'm very sorry we didn't
though Joe it's a nightlight
it was a joke so who was it I don't care
anymore I just wanted to update you guys
to show you that we think we've narrowed
it down to our cousin so we're sorry if
you thought that but it's a nightlight I
don't think that our tree Bridget really
comes up as good as it looks on camera
you're I'm angry yeah it's like I feel
like on camera you can see the wires
there's nothing really a person you
can't you kind of can't yeah I don't of
you guys have seen it yet but this is
our Christmas tree
let me fill me in the tree and me Oh
Bridget behind a tree here so huh-huh I
want your guy's opinion actually on
something I want to talk about here film
me so I don't know if we're actually
going to putting ornaments on here what
do you think I mean I don't think so
because I really like how it looks I
kind of like it without the ornaments I
want you guys opinion though actually
let us know in the comments if you think
we should do the tree with or without
ornaments if you think we should hang up
ornaments let us know in the comment and
if we should do ornaments what colors
yeah I mean I'm very interested in know
what other people would do yeah as is I
like it but maybe it'll look at with
ornaments I don't know and I didn't buy
you those special ornaments for
anniversary oh but let us know in the
comment I got it yeah I gotta put those
we can't just have three ornaments on
the tree that would be so cute what it'd
be cute let us know in the comments if
you think we should hang ornaments or
not meantime go check the tree over why
would you do that are we keeping these
in it I don't know what should I take it
out
are they bothering you yeah hi does it's
like section 409 how to cheer you up
yeah huh those seem useful you know what
I don't care then he can put up next
year then how about just take down
section four and five we should know
about those and we'll just keep pieces
of paper in the middle of our choice
well that's gonna be a pro today oh guys
thanks for watching
excuse me I still got a cold I was
hoping that the COFF this entire vlog
starting to ruin it take over take over
god
oh well that's gonna be a fish
take the camera shake it baby oh no we
can see that thing I wasn't sure what
you're doing I'm coughing okay I've got
a cold I'm sick oh well that's gonna be
it for today you guys like I can't stop
coughing you guys I got to stop it okay
that's gonna be a pretty nice thanks for
watching like subscribe favorite follow
me on every day two for one and that's
it
I love you guys follow me
