what's going on you guys sickle boy here
Ridgid here
oh you're extra sick I'm so sick dang
what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here but to us here right there
and today what is a Tuesday
Jesus yeah she is fifty Shades of fucked
up Heiser Fifty Shades of fucking sake
today hello guys we are not well today
we are shaken oh I am getting you back
for getting me SEC what's up why is that
a thing that you're gonna have to get me
back for it I can't help it I should be
giving you back for getting me sick oh
you got me a steak hon I'm getting you
you got me real good already
don't worry you already got me back you
gave me the walking death
whatever that was last week Plus this
week I did not baby I got that from you
all of my sickness last week that flu I
got from you how a hot chocolate I'm not
making it
today is Tuesday Adele we got a lot to
do man we do so forget it
I'm cutting the intro short let's do
this whatever is we got to do we got to
get some food for Thanksgiving we all
kinds of shit to do we have a lot to do
guys huh cope with the end of the day
okay so what are you thinking about
getting four things here we dinner oh my
gosh so today I was thinking about
making a pumpkin pie like to test and if
it's really good that I'll make it first
what is wrong with your eyes
what well I am sick I mean my yeah right
now Brigitte face looks all funky today
you guys because she has sick I was also
thinking about getting like a spiral ham
because my recipe last year was so good
I need to do it again well you guys want
to see what Brigitte looks like the
guy's sick today so right now Bridget
and I are getting ready to go to the
store we have not gotten anything for
Thanksgiving yet and we have to get our
Thanksgiving stuff because seriously
it's starting to get a little late and I
know my face looks a little funny right
now that's because ok let's talk about
this so you're probably wondering what
the hell just happened to not only my
finger to space what the hell just
happened and that brings me to the
challenge and the title of the vlog I
want you to prank your friends so what I
just did was I did a face swap with
myself now what I did is I took a
picture right here and then I just used
the picture that I just took to face off
with so it would look as normal and
casual as possible and what's so
freakish oh my
so the idea is maybe scare your mom I
tried this out with Kim last night check
this out dude ask Bridget to send you
the video or picture of our frickin
garbage it looks fucked up I noticed it
mostly in the lips dude it's like I
don't know dude now Kim was getting
freaked out
I'm calling me a mess so it was very
funny I thought it was a good idea to
have other people do it so they swap
with yourself tweet me the results I
might finish to your friends he'll send
it to your friends and family and see if
they notice anything is wrong
this is the face flop challenge prank I
want other people to do this cuz I had
fun doing it
let's see another one real quick so
anyway this is the Face Swap challenge
and right now usually I can see myself
to try to keep it as normal as possible
but Bridget's filming right now so I
don't know if I look warped or totally
fucked no you look good
this is this can't even towel really
really Wow so this is my cute face I
guess you could dorable damn I'm not
just adorable I'm hot and sexy yeah so
anyway what's funny
the Face Swap challenge take a picture
yourself and Face Swap it right there
so I am using the app face swap live and
so here's what I'm going to do first you
going to take a side
picture yourself yeah I just took it
right here now at the same moment
I'm opening the face swap live app and
by the way they did not pay me to do
this photo library I choose the photo
that I just took turn it into a mask and
I flip it sideways and that film myself
talking like this so this is me using
the face swap app my face is all jittery
right now my eyebrow is going crazy so
unless you have eyebrows hey good point
I can't tell when it's off or when it's
on I'll look like a video game character
you kind of do yeah the camera is
messing me up Oh see out of my shop okay
so why aren't you coming to my house for
Thanksgiving why dad everybody's going
to be at my house dad okay I'm not
trying to make you come but you were
telling me that you're having
Thanksgiving at your house I know you I
know what you're trying to do you're
trying to get me to get everyone to come
to your house instead used last year I'm
not gonna get into this with you okay
please come to my house for Thanksgiving
what the fuck why just let it go I'm
supposed to think okay dad see you
freaking Friday I'm gonna come over
tomorrow and talk you into it you're
coming to my house for Thanksgiving
you're coming to my house for
Thanksgiving no you're not you're gonna
come to my house
you know I don't get him dude I don't
get this Wow dad straight-up refuses to
come to my house for Thanksgiving so
click like if you were to go to his
house tomorrow and find out why cuz
there's no reason why I know I
understand why he gets upset on the
holiday so I try not to push him once up
but to come have some food I'll bring
food to him but I know what he's doing
he's had all heavy to be given what he's
gonna do is he's gonna make a bunch of
food come Thanksgiving is gonna wonder
why none of us came to eat and he's
gonna be pissed off I know he's telling
my god that's so him he would absolutely
do that I mean I could get food and
nobody came he ate it but Dad we told
you you know it's too late for this and
I still gotta go to Walmart ah this is
crazy I'm sick I'm sick of this shit -
he's the kymaro's cuz everyone's coming
here you guys want me to tomorrow we're
gonna try to get down to why he does it
comes down to him not one to come to
this house and it's been long enough
we've been here since September yeah
it's time to get it's time dad okay like
I can't believe me stilts over that it
was a pretty let's go shopping
dad I'll see you on Thanksgiving
Michael's being a baby don't go man cuz
he doesn't think we have enough food for
Thanksgiving
I don't Mitch you
hey we need to go get your diapers
they're around here somewhere
here you can push I'm gonna grab that
cell I did not say when you have enough
food you said we don't have no food it's
gonna be a soak or Thanksgiving oh I
said I said I wanted to make sure we had
it let's do the list your mom macaroni
cheese fucking whatever bullshit your
mom's bringing in Turkey dad's bringing
no dad's not coming so now we gotta make
stuffing okay
Michael my own father doesn't want to
come - thanks Gabby on my house well
he's I don't know decided mashed
potatoes rolls green bean casserole
turkey and ham I think we don't like one
side green bean casserole mash potatoes
that's it macaroni and cheese and sweet
potatoes that's you you're gonna take
the whole pan of sweet potatoes and go
watch TV while you eat guys Michael is
still being a baby I'm being a baby
because you've been looking at like
fucking lotions and chips like an hour
not want to finish grocery shopping shut
up baby where's your depends on right
behind me oh I'm sorry
take it out of the book I don't wear
these it's for men hey Bridget you got
those diapers when you leak yourself at
your Thanksgiving we all know everyone's
gonna kill you if they're men
please this disrespectful just go put it
work out but you really stopped fit
Michael you need your diaper you're
dripping what you need your diaper
you're dripping what is that it's like
hair dye or something I'm getting tired
of camera no now I really need to give
baby waiver Oh Michael
stop saying Michael with that oh here's
you gotta see something while we were at
the store Bridget was like al-anam need
butter and I'm like think we do well
then I guess we don't have butter
tomorrow or Theron saying
so they okay let's see if we have any
butter I like to be got home not Bridget
look at this this is lando butter and
there's more there's more back behind
all this we have enough butter to last
us at least two hours into Thanksgiving
you're gonna face the logger of course
that's what you thought that was the job
I'm sick so I can't function properly
you are sick dude it's like I kind of
don't to be near Bridget right now fine
good you're too close
seriously no not really I'll give you $2
doing this thing of gravy no yeah
Oh how much do I need Bridget Michael
how much fun is right I get away from
that it's just blown Ella English how
much do I need did you die for that
oh yeah I'm not giving you the flonase I
need more michael Sophos stop Michael
I'm fucking serious
stop it go ahead fuck I mean that was
just what was left over in the mouth I
drank some too what
how does that even have with this little
pump I was just going but it's not what
you do are you feeling okay
I'm sorry fellow lightheaded to be
honest with you you prolly sit down and
I was probably quite nine-one-one
because I should fucking kill you
Michael stop it
those water was it yeah I look so cloudy
yeah I mean I don't have an answer for
it it was in my mouth I don't know
scared sick poor a little scared sick
sad sack and so you know no no you go
you got me a ps4 Pro not yourself one so
we're guy I gotta sit through the wages
of you saying me no an old melodies I
won't play it it's fine I'm joking you
can play it no it's cool okay I'm not
gonna have you do that you can play your
fucking game
no so right here is a freakin charging
station that we got for Thanksgiving
because there's gonna be a ton of people
wanting to charge phones so we got one
two three four five six people can be
charging their phones at the same time I
may be funny as hell no one uses it
nobody even gave me someone's not gonna
use it
I mean I'll use it and you should use it
too so we show everyone how it's done
let me take a guess no pod tonight I
mean unless you really
honest to God wanted you guys Bridget
has this recipe like a Paula Deen like
pumpkin cream cheese cheesecake like pie
or something and I want to see it click
like if you want to film Bridget making
it it might actually be horrifying to
see because she's sick but I mean what
if I feel better tomorrow like that's
the goal here
well even if you don't feel better I
think look like you're gonna have to do
it
Clegg like we want to film Bridget make
this pie I want to see it okay jeez man
are you alright I just I'm just like so
sick right at home
I'm singing you Oh you don't go Michael
Mars head thing huh oh god yeah you
don't know what I said at all do you
she's in her own world not even
listening to me babe my ears are like
clouds right now it's strange Bella
well that's gonna be a fritter day Oh
guys thanks for watching
we got cold - you guys we have super bad
cold remember do a face swap challenge I
want to see your guys enjoy not in
Treece precise you wanna see what you
guys come up with cuz I think it's funny
so hilarious people get like way what's
wrong with your face because I love you
don't register immediately that would
faceswap yourself are legit confusing it
is so funny Kim got freaked out dad
didn't know what to think I try to send
whatever better guys tweet us
screenshots of what look yeah I just
want to see it he's green with people
let us know what's going on I want to
see your face watch Challenge pranks
yeah I think it's awesome it is it's
really awesome if it's pretty funny so
anyway show us what you guys come up
with we got to get out of here tomorrow
I got to find out what's wrong with dad
finally get to the bottom of this cuz
yesterday he's been harboring something
since before we move so anywhere to get
out of here like subscribe favorite what
hey man I don't like this oh yeah I lied
to mess with me
like/subscribe
hey come on everything Bridget eyes
imagine hello guys
you
