what's going on you guys hunger chat
behind the camera here vagina see you
next to the hunger Channel that's right
folks if you didn't see the bug apple or
the other day
I'm officially officially the McDonald's
tag-team hunger champ you are baby
see this belt I'm ask you something did
you have any doubts that I was the champ
no no what's that
that looks like a champion all looks
like a champion belt that was called no
a championship belt champion Oh miss
fucking falling off a man shit today is
Sunday
well you can't have that pizza crusts
for the hunger champ is she there she
just wants a pizza crust dude oh I'm
sorry you can't have it okay she's good
joy takes it over oh my god oh here but
sorry if you didn't see the video we
uploaded earlier angry grandpa destroyed
mcjuggernuggets drone and we mailed it
back to him it was absolutely insane it
was absolute insanity even Yuri if you
can't tell I'm in wrestling promotion
mode because I got this wrestling thing
here here this is falling off we wear
like this for a few minutes so today is
Sunday and if you didn't see the video
check it out now it's time for me to cut
a wrestling promo wearing my little
hunger championship oh man what oh babe
you know what that's fine not all champs
'we are the belt around their waist some
of them wear it on the shoulder so
that's what I'll do
oh just time for me to cut a promo on
hunger now let me remind you guys
McDonald's has promoted nothing here all
that it was gonna be a bag free bag for
racket okay stop it all the noobs give
you a bag of Big Macs no McDonald's has
promoted nothing here I'm just doing
this for fun because I'm in promotion
mode cuz wrestling's tonight
so you know why I woke up this morning
and I got out of bed I thought nobody
could see me like John Cena and then
McDonald's see me and McDonald's or
tag-team partners we're tag-teaming
together to fight hunger for bigger one
because I'm not going to go hungry again
that's my back you think I'm gonna go
hungry again so let me show you
something to make you go haha
maybe not you see how could I go hungry
when I got this many Big Macs at my
disposal
tonight in this house the champ is
wrestling enough for you Michael has
counted these like a hundred time I'll
make sure I got all of them still what
do you think happened why would they not
be there okay can I just have a little
fun here okay I got ten free Big Macs
and I'm excited about it and I want to
count and no two four five six eight
nine
all right we got him wait I counted
eight don't do it I'm serious
you know I'm gonna count 100 more times
now
I counted nine that time I don't know
lost count mid weight one two three four
five six seven eight nine ten
hum yeah I did it in groups of threes so
you couldn't fuck with me babe no you
miscounted three six nine ten
you got a stick you all right yeah I'm
all right
guess what guys Bridget sing me the chat
gets all the Big Macs cuz he makes all
the major boys it is about to be the
most embarrassing part of my day we are
going to use all ten hello Gert am one
Gert am the hunger chant says this we
use it all ten free Big Macs right now
and two large fries yeah can we get 10
Big Macs in two hours we'll be right
back oh hey can I get a 10 Big Macs and
Big Mac yes ma'am
okay can I also get a two large fries
you want pan Big Mac right yeah okay and
I want to get a medium Diet Coke ma'am
that's it okay you're cool medium very
cool
just one okay yeah that's it 45:59 thank
you they've all gonna hate us right now
dude especially when they didn't get
money for this thinking cards
I'm torn out I don't wanna be filming
we're a member so right now they're
acting like they don't know what the big
back things are it's really what is this
yeah it's on Ohana home she come
oh thank you
she took she took you guys so we gave
them they're still looking real I film
this so she accepted yep
oh shit we are getting 10 big nice and
I'm never coming
McDonald ever luckily we don't live by
this one I am a legit labeled love I
don't know like a champ I am The Hunger
yeah baby probably that is I got a
hunger champ so fuck we gave them the
Big Mac things you know what is this I
don't know what this is and they they
took a few minutes that's when I started
recording gym a can accept that it's
open I just want to show you guys what
10 Big Macs looks like so I'm just sort
of stacking them near the counter
there's no way guys we're not promoting
no Chet Donald's don't call them and I
don't want to look more supportive but I
want to make fun of a meteor Oh Michael
I know
so start feeling Epic Meal Time this
seems like an epic Meal this is what is
that McMeel look at it oh shit it's like
I was not telling buddy I want you to
see what the ten Big Macs looks like and
I know you can count but look at this
okay there it is everybody can Big Macs
so funny seemed to get a thumbnail here
Oh seriously Bella I know your mouths
water frame for those two all-beef
patties special sauce pickles lettuce
okay mighty gone ha ha ha joking no
seriously this is I'm gonna get some of
these too dad
you know I know right I made a mistake
and dad likes cold Big Macs which is
like really weird oh I know I don't do
cold Oh
but we made a mistake ordering this many
okay I can't eat 10 I can't
yeah I had yeah I'm gonna start trying
no I can't do it so Wow ten Big Macs
Survivor Series time The Hunger champ is
pleased not yet
there's buffalo chicken nachos cooking
Hunger champ is even more pleased
the hungers chant The Hunger champs toes
are beginning to tingle whoa there's
trying to turn blue
yeah you don't mess around so right now
I'm trying to get the thumbnail by
putting these Big Macs on the tray and
this is crazy already like oh my gosh oh
my goodness oh my gosh Michael what are
these fall they're probably gonna don't
say that
I need a thumbnail Brigitte ready oh god
stop Brigitte
stop does a game of Survivor oh here we
go my hands really see Oh Mike okay put
it down spread okay yes I got it I got
done I'm not done with thumbnail
I need a homo champ belt oh fuck where's
my hunger Channel where's that hat oh we
are back rapport babe this is not oh
gosh just stay on the fan I mean that
one first
out of hammer oh my gosh okay okay
my god babe my notches are going to
catch fire if they're in the oven any
longer that was grateful you know what
my nachos to catch fire I think I got
this time all right fuck I got OCD
'bridge I'm gonna have to get this
thumbnail but chance telling my daughter
to sling it no put it down
that's enough no fill me the champ said
that - were you about to cry no I'm not
gonna do this with you tonight I'm
tossing these in the garbage no you're
not Michael you do nothing - hamburger
heaven hey this is a hamburger heaven
looks like yeah it does
oh by the way this whole time folks
these ones have been eaten already
that's right already a for the Big Macs
these ones are the ones that even eat oh
my god Bridget you know I came out here
to film a scene I want to go in yeah I
saw them saying now we're gonna let's go
inside okay oh crap you got my phone
please see you shit shit what all right
why because it's so cold why won't the
door lock cuz you got I'm not going to
show you how to lock it hey move out of
the way
hey spare you a little bit then make me
think out firm in a boogie now Bella
Klein you guys up you guys alright so
we're just staying here watching
Survivor Series chillin with the dogs
cat staring fun where's your belt you're
not going to wear the thing like forever
are you it's adorable
where is the belt darling take it yeah
so this is my life now it's so cute
watching wrestling we're just freakin
McDonald's fella baby it's not even a
belt it's a fanny pack
it's so cute you don't really have to
wear it babe it's just really cute
though can we just do the outro now yeah
yeah I'm not wearing this one the answer
we just talked to this year's of grunts
okay that's well that's gonna be it for
today guys thanks for watching watch
some wrestling ate some cheeseburgers
made some nachos you guys didn't see the
nachos I am so full I'm maybe not just
again really never nah I'm probably
getting not subscribe
come on when I hate stop she's gonna go
make another play so yeah I'm gonna give
a stir oh I want to go to bed
thanks for watching you guys had a long
day but it was good I am The Hunger
champ oh that's gonna be it if you
haven't seen the drone video check it
out it's pretty good grandpa went
apeshit he went totally apeshit it's
insane
if you haven't seen it check it out it's
a must-see that's gonna be it like
subscribe favorite fun everything for to
us what the hell was that face follow me
on everything kind of like like trying
to hypnotize him or something
um I don't know that's gonna be it
like she's lost it folks she's become
unhinged shit take off it should be a
bitch I gotta go dude if you can't get
your face shot stop fucking talking cuz
I can do the face go ahead was that
worth it like subscribe favorite follow
me unfollow her that's it she's still
doing it
you
