what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here vigil is here right there
and today we're gonna regret pies today
we're going over to grandpa's we got a
video to do I don't want to say any more
than that I'm gonna move up from the
subject we're going there in just a
second we are going over to grandpa's
and that's I needed it yeah that's
moving on from that today is Saturday
and today well I think I'm about to say
we're gonna regret I don't really know
what else to say without talking about
we're doing a ground you can't tell you
exactly what we're doing cuz you have to
like find out you got experiencing you
got experience it you just totally
called me do you have nothing else to
say I don't have anything else to say so
when that happens I tend to copy Michael
God man me what is this god man what it
out okay this is like throw great shit
today this like progressive okay it's
not funny I don't like that shit you
know it no stop that bullshit no okay
guy she's hitting on some childhood shit
there please let's just talk about
something else you know
yeah that sucks what we do matter
no please stop stop no you you're doing
this to piss me off please stop
no why I'm just resting my opinion
freaking Bella and just looks person or
thing here what's up
no Bridget yes babe
no stop this no stop this no I fucking
like an instigator no no that was stupid
yeah that didn't bother me damn it
you can do that all you want no Bridget
please stop it now stop that nope
okay guys my brother used to instigate
me by going Reebok nope
star don't believe you
Tom help Bridget darling she knows it
gets to me no she's I don't on purpose
no I'm not stop no stop
I'm not gonna do the video today and you
want to see that video and I know it you
know what you will do that I want you if
you keep doing the nope I won't no I'm
not doing it
oh you're not I didn't call not I'm
gonna snap the camera to peace say
you're not please just stop me you know
what I like sorry
yeah all right I'm
no shit I go to dance no I will not be a
dad's house today
No ah that was a stupid one anyway no oh
my god
we're at grandpa's house right now and
we just did a little video
mcjuggernuggets we had a bit about we're
not gonna say anything else
this is a surprise to them for tomorrow
oh it will flower I'll see ya so Jesse
got a little something for you you're
gonna see tomorrow you'll probably have
it by the time you get back home from
buddy's house so I'm gonna hook it up
he's a boogies house right now and you
know what you don't let me tell you
something that pisses me off
he's over a boogie tops right now and
you remember that little monkey face
Parker yeah
Parker love you what yeah let me tell
you something I've told you about the
way we gonna pay that a chimpanzee you
remember how I told you how good boogie
tree be at VidCon yeah family yeah
nicest guy I've ever met my whole fuckin
life boo be the nicest guy in the world
Parker's at this dude's house saying I
want to stay in a hotel I don't know
this guy to his face what I don't know
you I want to stay in a hotel what kind
of husband what he is so good you don't
then you southern hospitality is you
stay at our house and then the
hospitality while you're in the house
turn out go through the shit while
you're in it but yeah Jessie little
quick message to you thanks for coming
by man I'm pretty sure this marks the
end of our adventures together but leave
me out of your mouth and I'll leave you
yeah believe me you're not too big you
over Jeff another little dad is let me
tell you something guys I haven't seen
dad this mad in a long time
wait to see this video tomorrow
my god I know she's crazy shit yeah oh
my gosh
I seem dad this mad in a while that was
nuts man goodness me is out Andi sick
cool am mcjuggernuggets pissed crap off
big-time
you crossed a line he broke in your
house he's gone blonde I got he went
through her shit so I don't want it to
end because talking about
mcjuggernuggets is good for the views
but I don't give up here he comes in
Ireland I know I'm done talking about it
this will be the last time I hopefully
have to talk about mcjuggernuggets
mcjuggernuggets it's been real real
shitty nobody's ever now it was a
pleasure not so let's shake hands on it
we're done guys bump bump we're still a
cohesive team yeah we're still a game
you be part of the arm boy so we got
some stuff to do this is a big we got to
clean some of this mess high take you
you're gonna go that thing get an idea
how are you gonna freakin her you're me
oh no I would love to film that actually
are you going to be rolling up my ass
dude goddamn so JC go get the broom I
gotta see this shit I'm sorry
I'll believe what I'm seeing what the
hell man and you'll do the whole house
this way yeah yeah that's broken glass
people look is that a broken chair
appropriate here oh my god guys it got
crazy you see that you see how broke out
the table is now your dentist fuck did
you get this
we cover this lens we got some stuff to
do
that's it for Dad oh my gosh okay
Michael get over here
I'm trying doing I'm freaking scared I'm
trying to stop he's totally fucking
silly I know he's fucking snap it is not
it
look at him I know we just left
grandpa's house and now I'm feeling a
little better
I can eat so that's what I'm gonna do
go in it look at this Bridget I need a
taco and I feel sorry for you eating get
rice so are you serious yeah all right
what do I have to do yeah you forgot to
order it cuz you're dumb so weird how
great that looks
I don't know which looks better yours or
mine mine mine
Oh yours looks good I got a carnita for
now cut into it cut into that we're
gonna cut on the end piece people want
see the middle Alex oh it's so good dude
yeah there's like rice in it as corny to
me there's a day you mean it's too weird
space really what do you mean
my name is Lucifer has anybody seen this
stuff yet burst your your bullshit
little decorations Hey I gotta change
their batteries already yeah they're
last very long she said what this thing
yeah it works but I feel like I gotta
change batteries to that - what the hell
I used to be brighter these are already
dead yeah okay I put these in are you
juggling it's got here I know and that
smells good what the hell dude
I know well I was going to show you guys
we had those little light up candles but
hey there one that yeah I gotta get new
batteries Wow so
I don't even think you should really say
anything just in case no one else has
seen it yet
okay here's what I'm gonna say to Parker
I'm giving you shit saying that like
maybe you're a little out of line you
can I apologize I saw the new video I
saw the ending I'm sorry I apologize to
Parker get the fuck out of there that I
don't know maybe I don't know that
that's my I I don't like getting
involved in somebody else's business she
and I don't want his bit but he's still
in my business until we put up that
video tomorrow
so but still I gave you some shit dad
gave you a little shit called your
monkey face you're right if you guys
nope I was on safety hat and seemed to
be juggling like this video go see it
but I don't care but that's crazy what
is that you still want to hold the
camera at me tomorrow I was done talking
so I'm holding against myself now yeah
I'm sorry hey um just so you don't to
film me I do want to film you every time
she's done she's like this done with me
and she just covers no your lawyer what
you just did you were done talking it
felt like I was thinking if I don't like
I'll cut parts of my thinking out a way
for you to do it again cuz I thought you
were gonna do it again just random with
it so get over your attitude apologize
to me for that no I don't know man it's
alright Parker I'm sorry okay I owe you
that much that's all I'm gonna say I'm
sorry Jesse I'm not sorry go I didn't
say anything bad anything out of the way
against Jesse did I mmm no are you
thinking
sorry what are you Michael I'm very I
don't know this flus messed me up so
anyway it did I'm I'm finally getting
better from the flu
I can finally try to get back to life as
normal I got a cough that's it
I don't know please get better soon time
to do that outro fucking mcjuggernuggets
well that's gonna be a friend to you
guys thanks for watching
had a pretty good day I enjoyed it we
filmed a video that's going up tomorrow
grandpa goes apeshit he went nuts here
here's a quick little clip Jesus Christ
dad your knee is gonna go out partying
buddy
he went apeshit you guys it was nuts I
got it guys it was crazy you guys I was
legitimately fear it was a crazy year so
anyway that's going up tomorrow thanks
for watching you guys had a pretty good
day it's been a pretty good daddy that's
not like you're not sure if it was she's
like it's been a pretty good day okay
but hatton it Hatun I just want to say
something what I'm not Lucifer oh yeah
oh my gosh that was crazy but yeah was
here overtime you suffer
oh damn Oh anyway I'm gonna get at that
look Jesus
it was demented like subscribe favorite
following everything fragilis and that's
it
I love you guys and babe I had a great
day okay it's over
