what's going on you guys keep you out of
camera here to us here right there and
today is Saturday today is Saturday and
number one guys right off the bat if you
have not seen the video we uploaded on
the angry grandpa show channel yesterday
go check it out because we confronted
Tina and I got something very important
to talk to you guys about with that in
just a few minutes some very unfortunate
physical damages that my body inflicted
on account of that meeting with Tina I
think I know what you're talking about
and yeah I'm never gonna see things the
same way again you're gonna find out
about that just a couple of minutes you
guys I'm actually very worried I'm
playing the cool right now I know he's
like freaking out guys he thinks he's
gonna die soon he thinks he has cancer I
don't know what's going on you guys I
don't remember that look we're gonna
talk about that just a couple of minutes
I need some advice
Emily worse don't say it
okay okay it looks real bad stop it okay
guys we gotta talk about my eye I wake
up this morning and every morning when I
wake up I look at myself in the mirror
just to see how gorgeous I am
am I good Mike this morning
I wish I saw it you're gorgeous Mike
what the guys so what did my wandering
guides in appear was a big-ass blood
spot in my damn right I hear oh my god
can you see it yes this guy's is my eye
now for the most part we noticed it
yesterday okay but it got much worse I'm
about to compare that right now guys
this was yesterday we were on our way to
dinner with Jennifer and the kids this
was yesterday I recorded my eye I got to
see if it got worse
my it looks worse than he was is it
worse it doesn't go worse
what does let me see it yeah it's bigger
one's life seriously
what dude it's a little bigger
it was like really I think what did you
look like Bam Margera's mom I need to
know if it's worse or not here it is a
little worse yes then we go to the
friggin hospital I think it's normal
oh no it's not known from being a bitter
like that I mean how did family Gerry's
mom do I don't care I can't tell to get
worse or not yes much much worse now I
need to know what happened now part of
me thinks that happen from yelling back
and forth with Tina I'm screaming boom
it just popped possible what else could
it be
I think you're losing your vision don't
know no don't even joke about it I'm
pretty sure it you're losing your vision
so I think don't confirm that suspicion
oh it's like your whole eye right now oh
my god you why you're funny
oh man oh dude brining might have just
made it worse what I'm kidding you're
fine what happened why I I don't know it
happened to me before I'm fine
yeah but I'm different why are you
different it's always we're different
right yeah we're different human beings
you weren't aware of that did you think
we're the same no Michael it's common
though it's fine
no this is actually not calm you're fine
I don't know what's going on I don't
know I think you're losing your vision
does
break yourself in just a second it's
time to stop with it well guys just
gonna make a worse don't you think maybe
maybe we could save your vision by being
a sweet boyfriend no thanks I've really
good boy okay sue me come here I need
you I need you pops here what's going on
my eye I think you're straining too hard
when you're making a bowel movement you
know I know I don't get more fiber in
your diet
fiber I don't strain at all okay you're
worse it would help loosen things up
thing he does have to strain so hard
fiber compacts everything so we'll be
even harder to squeeze oh really
really that's why you know that's why
older people they want them to drink
like Metamucil and stuff because it
gives them that fiber too so things come
out smoothly instead of like guys Cindy
ray I think she's right I am right
that's not what happened though guys
what do you think happened I need wing I
just have to say something Michael
actually craps out footballs so that
could explain it literally you know you
don't usually take crap usually give
birth that could happen
does it happen giving birth yeah it
could happen if you're straight no all
joking aside you guys I do want to take
a second to talk about something very
important and by the way when I say all
joking aside I am very worried about
this I don't know what's going on but
I'll talk about that later I want to
talk about dad and a lot of people all
you a lot of people say oh you're using
this div look at you man you can't stop
talking about it
of course I can't stop talking about it
my father is dead my best friend in the
world is gone the person that I'd wake
up and call hey how you doing dad the
person who would call me hey you want to
go out for breakfast and we'd go and
wouldn't even walk that stuff just go
out have a good time
talk gone
and I just realized that today makes two
mums
it is February the 10th
two months since we lost dad and it's
just gone by so fast you know lots of
people on the internet are over it you
know that's why they tell me to move on
but isn't it it's not like losing
somebody watched on the internet for me
it's it's my father it's my best friend
and he's gone and I gotta keep going on
without him and it's so hard and I've
been getting better about keeping my
emotions off-camera I've been getting a
lot better with that but I assure you
off-camera I've been just as much of a
rag so I just wanted to take a small
part of the vlog and just say dad rest
in peace I can't believe it's been two
months two months since I heard your
voice
Wow I miss you dad every day I miss you
you know you're gone but because of
these videos and the legacy that you
left
you'll never be forgotten ever how could
you be you've made such an impact on so
many people's lives and and every day I
get reminded of that so dad I miss you
and I love you you know tomorrow is
actually the very last day to get the
glove but not forgotten t-shirt you guys
after tomorrow it is officially gone so
if you haven't gotten the gone but not
forgotten shirt the link is below go
check it out it's a BroadbandTV you guys
as of tomorrow it is gone so yeah rest
in peace dad I love you so much I cannot
believe it's been two months
seriously Wow we just got a we just got
to do it Michael please no we can't keep
pushing it off we have to finally do it
it's time I understand that but like the
work Bridgette the work that goes into
this is like it's February okay
Christmas was a month two months ago
yeah we do I know I'm sick of looking at
it I just don't feel like going upstairs
I've been trust me I've been dreading
doing this too right like you know what
Dad would say right now what up you guys
that's it I'm getting chainsaw hey no
grandpa no it'll be something like that
dude I'm really excited I can't believe
your trees coming down
I just know like you're on pause sick of
looking at it I don't know what be yogi
inhale love your dad I don't like you
going in there with glass did you hear
huh I know that one should just go on
top we'll figure that out in a few
minutes yeah can you believe we're
finally doing this I yeah I'm happy I'm
ready to start decorating for other
stuff I honestly thought this was gonna
be like a new permanent fixture in our
house oh I'm sorry I want to be good
welcome to our house this is our tree
I'm really sick of looking at it I can't
even tell you
yeah I might I kind of hate Christmas
now - yeah I know right I feel like
we'll never be happy about it again
until we have kids yeah like it just
that's just how it seems you know you
got Queens long no sense of sitting
around and thinking of what you did when
you can lay back and enjoy it for your
kids right sometimes it seems like hot
Chuck it's not alright that's it
it's the last one of these all right yes
I feeling just boxes fuller than a wife
oh it is I got a few more Thank You
Cindy
closing the box on Christmas yes
okay section not buzzer oh my gosh
folks we're taking down the trip we'll
be back oh this is so crazy it's gone
Bridget that's right that's gone yeah I
can tell August how did that wasn't like
so many different pieces hold it why I
thought that was one piece oh you're
right
cuz in two pieces did you break her tree
no way very good sorry Michael oh my
gosh I'm so excited is that what this
looks like
I know right ah we got a lot to work out
you guys Christmas tree going upstairs
just talking to Jennifer you guys and I
had to get out of the house for a minute
because have a feeling I'm gonna cry she
told me about a dream that she had last
night about dad you know all this time I
have not had a dream about dad yet not
one and I and I wish I would I wish I
could but I happened and she's had about
three and she told me she had a dream
last night that dad woke her up and said
for him to make her pot of coffee he
would bet he left his phone here and
you're ready cause he's coming to get it
did she asked him where he went
and he was like I haven't gone anywhere
right here
he got me emotional as I'd walk at the
house hey this guy's hey that this is my
life now that I can cry like that I hate
that so sorry for this very abrupt like
emotional scene I had to walk out of the
house and want to do this in front of
Bridget her mom we're taking down the
tree still where did you go dad
let's do this tree it's gone Wow
tree is now upstairs you guys and we can
officially begin setting up dad's little
area this we're gonna keep them
somewhere over here you guys all this
Christmas stuff is gonna be gone you
probably see all that in tomorrow's vlog
actually dad I love you
I'm gonna set you up in a little area
where we can keep our eyes on you
forever two months you guys before we do
the outro I do want to take a quick
moment to remind everybody that this
Friday see you soon is gonna be dropping
and if you don't know what see you soon
is it is the song that I am putting out
as tribute to my father and I got a
couple I got more songs coming out in
tribute to dad I seemed like when I
started working on this album I started
pouring out emotions that even I didn't
know that I had thoughts and feelings
that I had to get out and I put it on
music you guys the first one is coming
out this Friday and to give you guys a
little teaser of what this song is see
you soon is written in two perspectives
the first verse is grandpa talking to me
I'm being dad talking to myself and the
second verse is me admitting that I
tried to do a second verse and dad's dad
and I just didn't have it in me so guys
that's what see you soon is about see
you soon is dad telling me that he loves
me that I make them proud and that he'll
see me soon ma'am that's the song I
can't wait for you guys to see the video
the song drops this Friday February the
16th marking on your calendars tell all
your friends getting this thing when it
comes out you guys that's gonna be on
iTunes Spotify Google store YouTube
everywhere that you can see music you
guys you're gonna be able to get see you
soon we're going to be doing the I'll
show in just a second dad I love you I
hope it and we're done anybody out with
my I I don't even know which one I
didn't think is this one hope I didn't
weird anybody out with this thing today
it's very
range dad I love you
well that's gonna be up for today you
guys thanks for watching our Christmas
tree is officially gone I'm really happy
I really wanted a garden for v-day and
say Patrick side well number one you
take this Christmas wreath off the wall
okay in that little tree and that little
tree and how the Halloween wreath over
there guys enough okay
this Friday see you soon drops you guys
I can't wait for you to see it nothing
all right I've been telling you this for
a week we're Yankees right now you have
you never told me a release date this
Friday
see you soon and you guys can't that's
the melody
okay I'm gonna sing it for days guys
this Friday I'm really excited I'm
really excited the video yes everything
the whole thing this guy's getting out
of here thanks for watching remember
tomorrow is the very last day you can
buy the gone but not forgotten shirt
dad it's been two months doesn't getting
any doesn't get any easier thanks for
watching like subscribe favorite fun
everything to us and I hope this looks
better tomorrow
what
you
