what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here facility yeah right there
and today is fuck Friday you said you
were gonna say fun Friday that was the
other vlog that was fun Friday today
right now is fuck Friday
it's about Friday y'all so this is our
second upload today we did it the other
vlog was fun Friday this is you let me
finish what I speak got that Wow let's
give each other a round of applause for
making it the two vlogs today whoa what
what is that on your tongue oh it's
nothing
the son of a bitch no come on with it
you're making my head hit my head heart
worse so this side the past few days
I've been battling a horrible cold or a
flu or something and I'm waiting for it
to get better I want to go over to
grandpa's house to shoot a video and I
can't do it cuz I'm so sick and it's
gonna be a good one
I guess you could call it a prank but
against none of us so it's a pretty good
idea it's a great idea oh my gosh click
like if you're excited for the great
idea I'm gonna like so what are like a
totally blank thing click like you're
excited for the excitement so click like
for food so anyway that's what is line
if you click like if you hate me I am
clicking like so anyway let yes uh
anyway forget it lists the let's get the
day started
I can't talk I'm stumbled on my word
should have worried yes if I threw that
tongue at you what tongue issue okay I
think I have an idea of what this is but
I'm gonna open to find out so to give
you guys a little backstory because if
it's what I think it is and if it's not
what I think is that I'm just going to
erase this from the blog but if it is
what
think it is last week I got a message on
Twitter from McDonald's and it said
follow us and I was like ok so I follow
them and they wanted to send me
something now so you guys know this is
absolutely not sponsored they didn't
even say I hate to take pictures or film
it or give them any kind of promotion
but I just think it's cool they wanted
to send me a box oh no they have not
promoted this I'm pretty sure it has to
say it in the video anyway if they did
so this is not a sponsored video this is
not a shout-out as a matter of fact
shout-out to Burger King for the
flame-broiled cheeseburgers yeah oh my
god I love Burger King so much more
McDonald's I've never done a McDonald's
video okay and the reason is they never
have nothing new that I can run I do
love McDonald's now so yeah you're alone
on that I love bird you don't let me
know at all I love McDonald's but I just
have a greater love bird pain so
McDonald's sent me something oh here we
go
I don't know what it is yet actually
fuck McDonald's totally why it's just
kidding I really like McDonald you're
early you're going overboard cause you
don't want people to think of sponsor
exactly don't go overboard on McDonald's
man I like me look ain't funny if this
was something completely that I
personally up oh that's what it is had
to pull out of the vlog
maybe it's not very taco
white maybe what the fuck is this uh
well it's open outside I'm scared
but if it's like Bridget it's open I'm
scared it's for McDonald's okay that is
weird
that's pretty bizarre okay so comes a
little card hey Michael are you ready
Toronto Canada
20,000 screaming fans and with this
being the 30th year this pay-per-view
event is sure to pack a punch you're one
of the biggest pro wrestling fans on the
planet so you know this pay-per-view is
all about settling the beef and you need
a solid tag-team partner to come out
victorious so a better thing than a part
of the not one but two Sears sizzled
100% beef patties and its own theme song
that's why our undisputed champ
the iconic Big Mac is ready to tag in
take down hunger and help you retain
this custom championship belt fanny
package so next time hunger tries to
sneak up on you just grab the belt pull
out one of those enclosed coupons and
let the Big Macs take it from there
Godspeed on defending your new belt we
wanted to send you a folding chair to
help with any challenges but a would it
fit in the box enjoy the show
your friends at McDonald's can you see
it was it yeah so if you guys want to
read it pause it and you can see that
now it's so funny they say it's like a
fanny pack so first look at this it
looks like a wrapper like burger paper
or something thank you okay
it is literally a wrestling fanny pack
oh my gosh
tag team hunger champions haha what are
they trying to say I gotta be a fucking
hunger champion first of all you know
how fat I am oh it'll fit
okay I say okay well let's open this
thing up
there's coupons in it are you serious
whoa oh my God look how many free Big
Macs this is okay we're going to
McDonald's tonight holy shit yeah we're
gonna McDonald's okay yeah golden ticket
I've got a golden twinkle in my eye
this dude here been so happy before this
is so cool
it really is thanks McDonald's dude this
is amazing as hell one freak this is one
free Big Macs and we'll tell you it's
like glittery and stuff holy shit this
is the coolest that is really really
cool three four five six seven eight
nine ten free Big Macs hell yeah oh god
guess what's for dinner tonight yo
McDonald's y'all that is so cool dude
Thursday that's really nice McDonald's I
don't know why you said anytime I get
hungry I'm gonna do because I'm use all
these at once yeah I get ten free Big
Mac can I have five of those there's my
new currency dude I can't believe
McDonnell sent me this is very funny it
is it's very funny well thank you
McDonald's filming you why cuz you're
making a grilled cheese does not talk it
in here Damian yeah it is it makes it
buzz fucking you buy this cheese I don't
know what kind of cheese is used by
March 3rd what yeah oh no does it me
sees me out what about this change yeah
I love this cheese
mm what I love cheese slices piece of
shit away it was March 2017 Oh what what
you up squared the wrong square I want
squared cheese okay I understand them
but they are both square I want to craft
single there you go
give me the frying pan cuz I'm not fine
Danny over watch my head okay intro
welcome to cooking in the kitchen
Michael so today we cook damn you need
your own show baby you got that star
quality in ya
don't worry laughs ah hey again why
would it cook in the kitchen like oh you
ready to give up your grilled cheese
damn baby you guys have star quality in
ya holy shit I'm going to take that
specific clip and tweet Food Network
you're gonna have a show by the end of
the night okay if that doesn't wash this
grouchy wait I laughed hang on I already
opening it all right
there is nothing to go change take
Chancellors pulling the road
wow dude I think Food Network's calling
me it's rich I lose it I gotta hello
yes Food Network yeah he's here hello
I can be about this afternoon I got a
prime-time show it's our number one of
the ratings Elise this
fuck that shit we do see there's a
misconception that you can lose weight
if you like eat grilled cheeses not mine
oh my gosh oh yeah making a grilled
cheese so right now we're making a
grilled cheese it's not ready to flip
it's gonna take a minute the cameras are
gonna overheat by the time it's time to
flip
it's just don't film that second of it
this is what happened that shit almost
wonderful oh really Wow why we're small
do you smell cinnamon no something's
wrong my nose oh shit maybe it's because
shit
I'm gonna smack you with this fucking
bag okay I said I want a grilled cheese
in a forints best burnt you I can't sit
boils right there right there where
you're getting warmer
why I hi hi oh I'm about to pass out
from heat Rosanna Oh
why aren't you heating up your cheese is
almost done because you said you like
doing it I'm sorry I'm not cooking the
damn soup - you told me specifically
you're just using as an excuse to not do
nothing as you can ASSU
covering the lid like bridges beautiful
a nobody to this shit well she like you
should show me on the blog how to make
cam soup in the microwave just say
you're too lazy to cook your own damn
soup you know why if there's just
something about how you do it it just
tastes better
yeah I do yeah cuz I hit it and I hit
the buttons differently than you maybe
maybe I don't heat up as long I don't
know whoa one minute I'm a flippin chef
Hey
okay are we good now you got enough how
about you actually tell everyone what's
really going on here which is what you
like cooking me stuff that's right
you like you even told me one time when
I was making soup why did you make that
I wanted to heat it up for you well this
time you filmed it and I don't you don't
bringing that up on camera I made the
grilled cheese oh is it a bum cheese no
it looks amazing and I'm absolutely get
it right now you can't why
oh you can't I felt like screaming into
the camera okay so you better cover the
lens yeah she goes okay go ahead and
cover no what are you gonna say I don't
remember
cover the line you're like so cover the
lens are you filming yeah you know
hearing listener just said yeah it's
over let's go out and play okay I have
talked about this so boogie2988 has
invited Jessi to his house out of the
kindness of his heart because he's a
nice guy and this whole time Parker has
had a stick up his ass
oh we don't know him oh oh what the hell
oh we got to share a room can we just
get a hotel do you have to act like such
an asshole bully is opening his house
his home
his heart to you he is the nicest most
genuine guy I've ever met okay and
you're gonna act like he's scary to you
you want to know what's scary let me
tell you what's scary
okay scary is waking up in the middle of
the night and there's a guy filming
another guy in his boxers going through
your computer
yeah that's pretty terrifying you know
what else is care terrifying running
around in the dark
going through my pool house and then my
freakin barn garage looking for evidence
on me also in your boxers and a leather
jacket acting erratic that's pretty
scary that's scary
not boogie saying hey you want to play
video games
that's not scary don't worry about the
psycho you don't know worry about the
psycho you do absolutely okay yeah you
you're best friends with Jesse for a
bunch of years maybe the best friends
with a psycho I don't know just saying
I like Harper I don't want to know the
purpose an asshole he's just being an
asshole miss he's an asshole for that
boogie is inviting you to his house dude
just enjoy it have a good time quit
being so standoffish to the guy you're
gonna hurt his feelings I know right
so Boog I got your back love you dude
love your bugs let's do this outro well
that's gonna be it for today guys thanks
for watching worst headache a headache
of my life today this is harmony thing
go too bad I'm probably going after this
ball goes up so I'm gonna get out of
here thanks for watching you guys hope
you guys are happy with the second blog
click like if you want more double
uploads that's gonna be it
I think we're doing the video we talked
about tomorrow I can't say much ah it's
about me jug and Nuggets so with this
what are you looking at me so weird I
don't know I was yeah you keep like
looking at me like is there something on
my face no one now I'm worried maybe I
got a brain problem you tell me brain
problem like subscribe favorite follow
on everything which was that's it
you what stop this bullshit No
