what's going on you guys can't be on a
huge mess we created yesterday behind
the camera here for to us here you done
crying I'm done crying oh my god so
yesterday was our anniversary and as you
can tell I'm a shame our guys right now
we have yet to even clean up any of the
mess yeah its anniversary night still is
seller anniversary the vlog is actually
a bit of saving right now and we got
more shit to do because the anniversary
is not technically over I know but I had
to get the vlog up before midnight it
ain't over until midnight babe nope and
bridges gonna make sure I know that oh
you should show this Cup
it says cucumber water for customer only
you can't see it though it's from better
call Saul and okay Michael's like I hate
my girlfriend today okay now let's see
if you read it was not a good idea it
makes it harder to read what's the point
of this cup exactly waste of time
I'm sorry get rid of that your
pepto-bismol it's not mine for our
anniversary dessert we went to a place
called fats cafe once and they had a
giant cookie skillet and it was to die
for and I mean literally my feet will be
cut off with them I'm consuming this so
basically they just fill this fucking
thing with cookie dough and bake it
it'll be gooey cookies not be me jagged
nuggets it's a truck what I better not
be mcjuggernuggets doing something it
was taken I guess it goes it's going
he's not invited to our anniversary hey
what's up man it wasn't mcjuggernuggets
it was a package delivery of bulldog
awfully that I got four bridges like
monopoly but for Bulldogs so no her for
you a alien yeah
and cookies that's all I care about
right now I just dump the whole thing so
hard maybe should microwave it hmm maybe
I'll just like get a spoon take this
yeah maybe the spoon was a good idea
give me a spoon it is time for dessert
this is how the cook thing came out so
let's cut into this it should be gooey
wanna be crazy to get pet worms from
this whoa oh my gosh as you can see it's
cookie like and gooey at the same time I
don't know yeah I'm pretty sure I cooked
it long enough people eat this Robert so
little ice cream right there Wow looks
awesome dessert as you can see it's
gonna start running the cookie all over
for me big ash from all over to cookie
that's awesome Oh get in mine that's
dessert right now we are sitting here
playing Bulldog ah Polly with Bella how
you liking some Bulldog ah Polly Bella
so basically it's monopoly for Bulldogs
so instead of taxes you got fleas please
pay $200 go to the kennel so we are
playing bulldog awfully we're just
taking like three years to get all the
stuff together Bella you can't get on
the table okay Bella you're gonna have
to get down you know that hey get down
she's like I run the rules around here
hey she's gonna be close to the game
well uh
come on hey go chair fellow bow up chair
go how much is that film don't film I'm
gonna be pissed
how much is it I don't have enough oh
come on
pictures fucking $16 first way to give
you 200 for passing go shit come on
don't do that it was an accident
well who owns what never well we all
know that I wanted I caught that shit on
camera
cleitus woke up from a nap he's done
with this game this shit took like four
hours for me to get my hands even belly
feels bad for me I'd only have 16
dollars the only reason I'm not ripping
his boards because it was hard to find
oh thank you
it was so hey no I'm sure it was so fun
though
Mel's like you're better than man you're
right girl
I'm so cute how the doctor I loved one
name like you've never beat me at
monopoly though that's the problem
and you've been floating it the whole
time I know oh my gosh all that mama had
this one time only win in the history of
game no me no I won fair and square
and I'm gonna always win fair I'm not
saying you didn't win fair and square
I'm saying it's the only time in history
you've won Michael where did you even
find this game Amazon it's adorable like
I loved it it was so fuckin it is what
it is Bridge jump is it's a happy
and we're go to the movies hell yeah
we're gonna movie I love you guys could
tell but it actually went for night
today because we stopped filming last
night then we're filming today now it's
night again from this game and we still
got to go see fantastic beasts and where
to find them so we can oh my god let's
talk about Bulldog ah Polly it wouldn't
go see your new you add it to you I'm
sorry where's what's up fun today you're
right your home fun at the board game
board games only lead to danger okay
this is why I've avoided doing the
monopoly video with dad because I know
it's gonna lead to bad shit we can't
forget my freakout things there which
one was that it was a bunch well this
time there was like one I was not the
one we were playing at the city monopoly
yeah you're like are you like fun of my
eight months perfect really eating money
oh you shut up
so you haven't done that before I've
never eaten the goddamn money before now
you have why she was eating paper money
you were eating the little Empire pieces
fire this is if you want to not be alone
in this that's fine the credit card that
came with it and you took the paper
money anyway you beat me you happy hell
yeah how did you stick thing dollars cuz
I did give me 200 pass and go I should
have had 200 so you fell under one how
the fuck did I owe you so much I know
cuz I'm bet it's game than you we just
left the movies we got out of seeing
fantastic beasts and where to find them
which is the reason it was so good
that the reason the vlog may actually go
up tomorrow is because it's like 1:00 in
the morning right now so it's pretty
it's pretty late and I'm like falling
asleep so it makes an early tomorrow I
might possibly about some driving what
is it that close I'm just sitting gonna
say that
let's do I was worried in the movies she
was tired from the movie started so I'm
like no you're likely gonna fall asleep
trying well I'm gonna film the wreckage
and if I survive but it's going up and
kidding again I'm kidding what I
probably can't catch him they're pulling
anything bad holy shit
nearly went so we're leaving
oh hey blurry piece of shit come on does
this camera focus on anything huh we're
stuck in the car oh god hello a little
glow right the car mater you look a
monkey or something
and of course it goes out of focus like
a piece of crap that's a lot you know I
did it
you made a honeycomb you are you're not
a liar they just make shit up oh that's
a liar you just called me a liar twice
you're not a liar you'll be alive when
I'm gonna talk about I'll go Taco Bell
and I feel kind of sick mean so much
popcorn oh poor thing
well it's the next day which means that
this vlog took place over three days day
one was the second half to our
anniversary day two was the movies and
Bulldog ah Polly and now here we are
what is today Bridget Friday officially
fun Friday so this vlog took place in
three days and if you're wondering how
I'm feeling I still have the flu and
this is crazy right now I have the worst
headache of my life I have a sore throat
and if you're wondering if I got Taco
Bell last night or not I did so it's
right here so anyway huh fantastic beast
was amazing I didn't really have time to
talk about it but it was great loved it
a lot of people were shitting on it they
were like she didn't recapture the magic
she did it was amazing I loved it if you
if you like Harry Potter go check it out
we are doing a main Channel video here
soon
a lot of people were wondering because
it's been a little bit since we did
anything on being a grandpa show channel
we got a plan I will tell you guys about
that in the second glug we upload today
because that's the second surprise
double upload I'm trying to make up for
the fact that we didn't upload anything
yesterday so double upload today look
for that one a little bit later
anyway let's finish this one out
right now big night hey Sanna uh it's
Michael um can you leave my message it's
red the glitter all over the cynics at
hospice ha okay
fucking thing oh my gosh
hey it's me I was just trying to call oh
my gosh do that because you don't want
my messages I won't leave actually
pissing me huh
that thing is rude so a lot of people
have been sending me the stuff about
mcjuggernuggets and boogie and they
wanted know my opinion on it and I'm not
gonna comment on what's going on over
there boogies a smart guy okay he knows
what Jesse did to me so I'm not gonna
get into it I will just say that boogie
is probably the nicest person I've ever
met
you know back when I flow out to VidCon
mcjuggernuggets called me was like hey
come out to VidCon and the Boogie called
me and said hey come out to VidCon and I
told Jesse Jose hey you can hang out
with me right and he said yeah and he
kind of didn't he said he was going to
and he kind of didn't sort of there
alone I was afraid to just be there by
myself nobody to hang out with and
boogie oogie I was afraid okay you're
alone and a Floyd okay right yes I don't
want to laugh I'm a huge headache so
take a nap I don't want to take it I'm
gonna ruin my sleep pattern so boogie uh
took me out to see uh meet his friends
and he invited me to the room to meet
this make-a-wish Foundation child and it
was amazing it he treated me like family
he took me out to dinner and we met the
people who do Unreal Engine and the fine
brothers and some Google executives and
all of that he did not have to involve
me in and he did so bogie is a stand-up
guy he's the man what's going on with
him and Jessi you know just be on your
toes boogie okay
now god this headache is killing me it's
like let's go take another PC guys don't
get the flu okay don't ah yeah I know
it's not a choice but if you have a
choice to make don't don't get the flu
cuz this is not what you want
guys do not get the flu yeah Bridget is
filming this because I have a
historically horrible time taking so
I've got some powering to chase it with
instantly ready
what you good yeah you know the poor
thing
the other day I took some pepto-bismol
oh my gosh it was on an anniversary yeah
and I just sort of violently throwing up
right after that was gonna fell with
them like no I'm not gonna do that
it was horrible it was so bad guys like
it was so violent so so violent it got
everywhere - oh man I don't wanna talk
about anymore we gotta do it out it's
pretty rough
well that's gonna be it for today guys
thanks for watching weird that this blog
took place over three days it's pretty
now holy crap that's like never happened
before no no I don't think we've ever
missed two days in a week you know
that's crazy I hope you feel better
guys is there any way to make sure I
never get the flu again is it good a flu
shot hmm
a pneumonia shot I'm on it don't mess
with me with this and I'm not doing it
you are doing no I'm not you're doing a
oh I'm not doing it you're doing it
Bridget I'll break up with you over this
we will not get another anniversary
that's gonna be my head hurts I can't do
this that's gonna be a pretty day you
guys thanks for watching like subscribe
may be pulling everything for Joe us
hopefully I can get a second vlog out
for you guys I can't promise it but I
want to do it
maybe there's a second we're gonna try
I'm really gonna try we hope
