Pam you go are you okay babe how are you
feeling
come on come on don't say stuff like
that you okay
in the bathroom is it good gotta go the
bathroom you're weak
come on Michael
what's your temperature want to 1:10
waffle waffle Frank we prank YouTube we
pranked all you guys
oh yeah verse we point amber supreme
whoa do I think of a hundred percent
better no do I think I'm eighty percent
better
no do I think I'm 85 no but I feel bad I
don't know what for saying if you don't
know what I'm talking about the past few
days I have had like a flu I was
nauseated my stomach still didn't islet
what are you alive I mean we had to get
any toilet over it this is a lie dude
okay slowly some reason he thought it
was smart to flush his diaper okay
listen this is not like going like I was
talking about like stop okay so I've
been sick for the past few days I was
weak I was sick
freaking lightheaded and I was just
messing with you guys pretending that I
was still sick
we filmed other versions of it by the
way check out the other ones oh my gosh
babe okay are you not feeling better
Oh bathroom fine please trying for
YouTube I feel good a little bit better
come here baby yeah the anniversary have
ambushed everybody what's going on you
guys get behind the camera here vigil is
he
right there and today is our anniversary
eight years eight years today is our
anniversary we are celebrated in style
if you can't see behind me restaurant
style table what so today is Bridget's
favorite day of the year you like it -
don't even look yeah because we get to
eat good
yeah and there's like it's like a second
Christmas yeah that's the good thing
about having an anniversary in November
because it's like second Christmas and
is oh my God look at all this shit these
are all my gifts hey these are all
British kids as you can see she wraps I
done so today is our anniversary we're
gonna be cooking we're gonna be opening
some presents we're gonna be celebrating
in smoke I just said it like this is
adorable this was all me folks it's so
cute it's so cute
so here fill me in front of it like
honestly I want to cry thinking about it
I look badass
we can't tell what's behind oh I'm so
fat oh no here let me get just a sliver
of my face on the ship I don't know
so here is our table we have set it for
the anniversary today we're gonna be
having rigatoni Martino we're gonna be
opening some presents and you guys gonna
watch us do it
when I say watch us do it I mean watch
us cook the food and do everything else
oh so right now we're gonna take my
temperature am I supposed to pronounce
our world like that temperature I think
10 temperature I'm gonna take my
temperature right now I'm bitch area
last night at one point it was like one
almost 102
I'm bullshit and Bridge was like going
up at all like no not okay so let's see
what it is now where's me like one of
eight oh my god
ninety 7.4 nice that's good right
that's great well folks looks like I'm
20% better no am i doing this I don't
know what fuck was that
I don't know you're like 97% Federer
97.4% Eco oh wow he made another video
are you serious yep why
this one's called pickle boys big sheep
why
what kind of secret
after he was leaving I pulled him aside
and I'm gonna tell him something
privately not a secret
I freaking wanted to talk to him
privately like people like fucking
people are like analyzing it and stuff
and I guess and then now I guess he's
Tong his dad but grandpa broke my
fucking girl
do you think he's like that Alice
whatever your shadow care if he does
well is it if I want to I wonder one of
those moments it's like on wrestling
were like Stone Cold's pulled the rock
aside and whispered in his ear after he
retired him I wanted a moment like that
in my life and I thought I would have
won and I was oh yeah he's a piece of
crutch it they were in the video but his
dad's opponent bullshit okay yeah well
what does he know nah damn thing
let's see you race it today supposed to
be a good day
I gave bridge these two books already
the Polar Express and fifty Shades of
chicken wait I'm not really sure I could
open it up is scandalous inside
I'm not joking at all so I can show you
the back cover that gives you an idea so
oh my god yeah I can't open this book
but I assume there's recipes for chicken
in it that is so funny
I imagine otherwise that is awesome so
let's ignore that let's have a good
anniversary you know Jesse you could
text me if you're gonna do something
about me I would like to know before you
freaking yeah the hell you can't he
anyway just erase it fuck him that's
really good it's time to cook we got a
little bit anniversary dinner to make
let's go do that
for dinner tonight for our anniversary I
am making rigatoni Martino and if you
don't know what that is which there's a
good chance you don't it is a dish at a
restaurant called Carabas and there's
bridges favorite dish in Carabas stop
making at least one here
they don't make rigatoni Martino anymore
and I promise Brigitte I would try to
learn how to make it for so you're so
sweet Mike that's what this is it can be
a complete fail
I don't know so right now we got the
rigatoni noodles boiling and right here
in this pot I'm going to add some olive
oil 1/2 cup of scallions that's about a
half cup what do you think click it yep
and 1/4 of a cup of sun-dried tomato
even the oil hell yeah and we're just
going to saute the scallions and the
sun-dried tomatoes up thanks for setting
that off cause we're gonna do this what
about 5 minutes now mushrooms go in this
but I don't eat mushrooms and I offer to
make it for mushrooms with Bridget but
she being who she is said we can make it
without it ah so sauteing the sun-dried
tomatoes with the scallions for five
minutes
this is boiling we'll be right back the
next step for this is three cups of
marinara sauce
we're gonna get really poppy guys gonna
get popping up in here and one cup of
heavy cream film aside this pot
Bridgette while we stir so you said
three cups of that yeah Rico's marinara
that's two cups I put a third cup in it
on top oh yeah don't question me sweetie
I'm sorry
then one cup of heavy cream look at the
orange deliciousness story oh my gosh
come on Bridget teamwork Oh glory again
how much I can't even see nothing
special
neither can i oh damn it I can please
also I can get your glasses oh man wait
there we go I wasn't fake it was no let
me join I could see that Oh God now I
didn't uh slice it and then fry it like
last time I cooked it whole and then
slice did I realize it keeps more juice
that way so we've added a chicken I
don't wanna do all the chicken I don't
want to over chicken it but I've added
just enough now we got this delicious
orange sauce that we're gonna saute and
then we're about to have the noodles to
it all right you guys now it's time to
add our rigatoni noodles and stir it up
and we take a look at final product it's
gonna sit here on rest for about 20
minutes
oh my gosh so it can really soak in the
juice my god who does it look like yeah
I've never had it before so remember
they tried to make it for you one time
after they got rid of it it just yeah
they gave me like penne noodles
yeah which defeats the whole purpose of
the title rigatoni Martina yeah it's not
penny Martina that's what penne only
around
I say penny penny all right what do you
think Oh
cover it my god I think you're freaking
Alda we're gonna find out
how's all that Bridget does it look like
it yes all right it looks absolutely
amazing so I'm going to start plating
now these are the same dishes we used
last year by the way I know like have
tongue so make a nice little bowl of it
when I say a little bowl I mean a nice
giant bowl of it
hell yeah and then a dollop of ricotta
cheese over the top of it now Bridget
never remembered ricotta cheese
one more dollop yeah but every recipe I
looked up called for ricotta so they are
at issue guys bada-bing rigatoni martino
we'll see you at the table well we only
celebrate it once a year so why not get
a little crazy okay I make the same joke
last year okay it's sparkling grape
juice I don't drink so last year I
spilled it all over the tablecloth let's
see if I own that right there is why it
happened
they're so sorry mom don't do it there
we go
so happy anniversary Bridget I love you
this is for you
I love you more yeah okay so yeah let's
eat you want to just I'll just take a
bite for the camera get little bit of
ricotta I don't know what it tastes like
I want to film you eating it too
yeah I haven't even tried it yet good
mmm-hmm it's very good that's off before
you try your
oh my god is it good it's amazing it was
better this is the spaghetti carbonara
probably hard rice we get a carbon arrow
is pretty good I like them both equal
air and we got the garlic not dim hmm so
we'll get back to you guys after we're
done a little bit of eating Michael this
is so good if there's one thing that I
am a little disappointed about for this
uh anniversary in fact that Bridget's
eyebrows are growing back Michael I
wanted this to be an anniversary without
eyebrows and it still kind of is what
not really as bad as I wanted it to be I
am happy that they are growing back like
I was really worried
so it's an anniversary with eyebrows I
guess but they're not really eyebrows so
maybe I can still call out that but hey
what man you really don't kind of have
eyebrows nothing there they're coming
back there you should be happy I am
happy there's not Kohli they're young no
one until we hit 3 million hey yeah gone
again ok it's time for some presents how
to boil water yes I'll teach you how to
cook he's right now you can't even boil
water oh my god that is so cute Michael
oh my gosh that's awesome oh my god oh
my god Michael camera's not catching it
for some reason it is a little come on
you bastard there is oh it's so cute
little Boston Terrier Christmas tree
ornament oh my gosh
Oh oh my gosh I was so cute little
English bulldog because that's the sore
little fella oh oh my god it would leave
Clyde
oh my god that is adorable all three of
them I don't think we're just gonna like
this one I wasn't aware of how she
wasn't a person oh please enjoys love it
so there's that no the other one in
there what's this
it's like Siri for your house hey you
connected to your TV your smart devices
holy shit
let's say you need a recipe you're like
hey give me the recipe for chicken
marsala dude that is so cool
that is cool I do love it I don't think
you do I do this is me last one that's
cool whoa what
oh my god
ps4 pro oh my god I felt really bad for
the guy tried to get it to me he was
like old and on his knees and stuff is
like oh let me get it sir
oh my god this is so cool
ps4 pros got a terabyte and it plays in
4k you know what this means
I gotta restart Witcher Yelp oh my god
thank you
you're probably gonna hate that too babe
who is that what is the burger that's
actually really cool if I was like not
sick
instinct of burgers up yesterday oh my
god that's awesome it's a burger
seasoning bag - yeah look at the ketchup
that's sweet onion ketchup yeah I
thought it was so cool it is awesome I'm
so full virgin I know people so bad for
you so much stuff in all this can't film
everything
oh this one's the Michael oh yeah Wow
yes dude the illustrator Harry Potter
and the Chamber of Secrets I didn't even
know about Wow
dude it's amazing oh wow oh my gosh this
is so I was thinking I should read like
the illustrator version like one two and
then wait for the others
is all this good too much zombie triple
h zombie craze is taking over dou w e
folks 50 I'm wearing those pants tonight
blue these guys I'm doing so - zombie
trouble ages I figure you gonna have a
zombie apocalypse - zombies makes an
epochal well the last gift babe don't
hate it
why would I hate any
turn off that's it for the presents you
guys we didn't show everything because I
don't want this whole vlog of your
presents you can see on the table some
of this stuff uh got the Slytherin
hourglass from Slughorn's office in
Harry Potter
I just got to show you and like we got
me cookie cutters like icicle ego and
cookie dough but Michael those cookie
cutters are so cute well this was all of
our stuff for our anniversary
and yes I just cried is that going to go
I turned it off before I could
it hit me emotionally uh not really
going to go into the specifics of it but
it was a personal gift and I appreciated
it and thank you it was the zombie
triple H I almost forgot every year I
write a post a post I can't talk I read
a post for Bridget on Facebook and I'm
pretty sure I show it to you guys if I'm
not mistaken
so once again here it is
so I wanted to take a second to talk
about mcjuggernuggets because as you
guys saw earlier he uploaded a video uh
pickleboy big secret and there is no big
secret okay dude and he he ruined my
anniversary this year and it's not that
it wasn't a good anniversary okay but
anything that came in between it pissed
me off I want the day to go perfectly
and it didn't
thanks to mcjuggernuggets so thank you
Jesse I'm gonna let you know yes I'm
gonna call you and if you don't answer
I'm gonna text you and if you don't
answer that I'm gonna treat you he
ruined my anniversary thank you
thanks a lot so I'm gonna get you should
just get out of here let's do the outro
cuz I'm angry about it so that's gonna
be a pretty day of guys thanks for
watching had a good anniversary with
Bridget an amazing day like subscribe
favorite fall on everything which it was
being all emotional why the days not
over she did this last year too
and that's it I think those new joke
nights I love you to version
don't be sad the post was so late quit
crying let's get out of here
you
