so Michael is really really sick and
he's asleep and right now I'm gonna go
check accenture bit Hey hmm you take
your temperature
how you feeling
Thomas hundred for what hundred point
four sorry don't fucking scare me like
that
take it again please
that'd be off
101.7 that time my god
the hell dude should I go to the
hospital let's chill more time
100.4 does they even work yeah works how
to just drop a full the time for this
feel my face a hot as a fuel
super hot geez just like a cold shower
my goal should I yeah this fucking sucks
dude I don't feel light-headed anymore
that's all we didn't do a vlog sorry
what time is it go to bed what time is
it time for you to go to bed oh no I'm
sweating I bring you some water
ibuprofen dude what is going 1 I don't
know maybe you have the flu it's been I
don't have the flu since I was a kid is
this what it feels like I mean yeah it's
like I don't want to talk we did start a
vlog today didn't we
yeah we filmed all that wait
I wonder if I look sick of it probably
cut to that shit cut to the stuff we
filmed earlier you guys tell me if I'm
like sick though Cindy is stuck in the
traffic parking space over here her mom
just pulled all the way in so this guy
could get by cuz she couldn't get out
all right round what are you having an
issue with which way do you want to go
it's just too big to turn maybe easier
for you to go back out that way
okay oh my god we were just parked there
now we're here embarrassing oh my gosh P
really what the fuck is she doing what's
going on with that woman
I should just pop right there so we're
sitting here and an Irish pub we went to
Ireland to have a look around Britain
show everybody
alright I've come here while he's back
home okay so we got some Irish onion
rings Irish nachos which are like
potatoes with me good stuff these are
Reuben rolls so we're sitting here it's
called natural relay yeah we went to
Ireland guys I want to show everybody
the seat that bridge was trying to give
me in a sinan really get let me sit
where you are and you didn't mean to sit
my goes to King sitting there so look at
my stuff well she cindy shirey going for
it was fun
coverages yeah anyway we're gonna eat
some of this stuff we'll be back last
time we were here we wanted this tree
and they didn't have it in stock
and I freaked out when we got home now
we're back we're gonna see if the
evidence stock and if they don't you
have to be nice you know here's the
thing why did you order from the
internet because I couldn't why it
wasn't there
geez Malcolm kids bothers more on the
floor ask this is display only so huh is
your arm the elbow
yeah I heard right there jeez what looks
like it hurts so we're gonna I might
have to get up and do a vlog no go to
sleep we have to upload I don't care go
to sleep everybody's gonna tell tweet
you like hey are you dead good and they
might be right this time
go to sleep Michael you're freaking out
it's a farm is it
it's time for you to go to bed Thank You
Bridget it's 10:00 just go to bed I'll
be in bed soon she don't really take a
cold shower
yes definitely Hey Oh God okay see if I
can do this
I am NOT peeling to it so it is about
four o'clock in the morning right now
I've been out for about 30 minutes or so
I don't know what happened yesterday we
uh
me and Bridget and her mom were going to
look for a Christmas tree and while I
was there I just started to feel really
weak and lightheaded and dizzy and sick
and I had this weird feeling going to my
whole body and I had to get home so I
came home and I went to bed right away
and I just woke up and I think I'm gonna
go back to bed in just a minute but I
wanted to I hope I feel better by
tomorrow when I say tomorrow I
technically mean tomorrow it's what it
is tomorrow my head's all screwed up
because my anniversary bridges tomorrow
so hopefully Jesus I feel like crap I
don't want to wake Bridget up I got to
go back to I'm sweating this sucks I
just wanted to take a minute to blog
something because I haven't blogged and
I'm going back to bed so I don't know if
you if the camera is really picking this
up or not but it's like super smoky like
it's Nikki it's really odd it's like the
cameras are really picking it up well it
is kind of actually but not as well as
it is it's like really smoky everywhere
I was I was looking it up because I I
look I decided to look at okay yes yes
bridge thought I was having a stroke
with there you guys because I was trying
to come up with my words so anyway I
looked it up on Google and there is a
forest fire in Georgia and North
Carolina and Tennessee so I think that's
where all the smoke is coming from we
are getting smoke from a forest fire and
another state you guys this is nice this
happened one other time and it was crazy
so I can't imagine how Columbia looks so
I don't know what's like Michael to stop
hold on
you saw the fever I'm better no why fire
force to George all right thanks sit
down I was wrong for oh come on Mike
stop you were way too easy to mess with
you scare me defied the big glasses of
the thing it's like the fire stop it
I'm just joking one day you might not be
joking I won't know if it's true or not
yeah and so you need to just act every
time as if I'm not
what the hell stop hey I'm fine now okay
what's your temperature 103 103 97 okay
do you feel better I'm covering the lens
hi Bridget no that shit fucked you up
Michael you got to be more careful do
you think it was that I mean I don't
know because you have like a fever we
have a theory that the reason I got sick
was when I busted my elbow the other day
on vlog this part are you okay oh my god
show me it
fuck Michael show me oh my god oh my god
I got a feeling we thought it so hard
fuck ever since then I got chills I was
sick I had a fever if you guys know of
anything that would have happened to me
in that process let me know in the
comments cuz I want to make sure I'm not
dying so anyway we're on our way to
Walmart run away to Target we got a ton
of shit to do how's my elbow look oh it
looks looks kind of bad it looked worse
yes rather didn't it yeah oh well anyway
getting out of here we're shopping
separate Hey
well today we're in target we have to
buy each other
anniversary stuff - the anniversary is
tomorrow and unfortunately as you guys
know I can't drive so we have to go
together
oh hey it's me
I see you later babe sorry so I really
don't know how to shop I'm thinking this
will do fine okay what the hell Bridget
dude I know I need to go and do my own
thing
are you Lee following me go away and yes
I'm giving you this big burger pinata
what am I gonna do with a burger pinata
okay I'm sorry - no that's the point of
a gift what she to want it or need it if
you really want me to talk open Jana oh
my god you scare me for it I just want
that you have it okay Bridget yes
there's candy for right when you say
there's Katie part other was like
specifically Todd coping out it's like
the boom the boom box from the M&M video
we got a letter I'm gonna rock this
house until we knock it down
oh yeah that's Darren I don't like it
it's very funny so can you go your
separate way now I I know I need to but
don't fall I'm still doing this I don't
know yet follow me okay guys
Michael is a little hard to shop for and
I'm not completely sure of it to get him
hey okay you're following me at this
point eight you're following me you came
from this way your phone did you get
away sir could you please get going
Michael go this way I'm looking at
something that's them that's where I
would sleep alright but I wanted okay
I've got I'm not looking at it but I'm
getting this for you
okay this in avert yeah Michael no okay
god damn it
Michael I got to give you the thighs I
gotta give you the camera here here Roma
record this so we're leaving target and
I'm driving away like hey you got the
camera because it was so weird over
there she had the camera that I had the
camera and now you have it oh yeah my
gosh Michael I left it in the buggy so I
almost lost my camera so anyway give
your wallet and phone yes he is Michael
anyway almost lost the camera you guys
that would have been horrible how would
we be able to upload my new camera I
guess check out this burger Bridget oh
you don't like it it's smaller instantly
I think yeah it's try to get yeah I got
sliders
they are adorable super good
pretty go sliders and BBQ pulled pork
buns they had those look really good
well that's gonna be a fritter day you
guys uh I know it's kind of a weird
timing blog but I gotta go back to bed
I'm still sick we're gonna check our
temperature before we go
hundred one eight damn so I don't know
what's wrong you guys take a cold shower
know things it's not gonna fix anything
it works I was feeling good up until the
last part of the day you guys now I just
feel like crap so I'm gonna go back to
bed
thanks for watching Loren's Alyssa mija
die your profound when I woke up okay
I'll give you another one that's gonna
be for today guys thanks for watching
like subscribe babe hold on everything
Bridget west and I'm sorry for no vlog
yesterday and maybe not the best blog
too bad just not oh something right with
sickle boy
you will soon psycho-boy
