what's going on you guys get me out a
camera here for Josie Yeah right there
and today a Sunday and today we're
uploading the video of mcjuggernuggets
leaving this is finally the last video
with mcjuggernuggets until VidCon so you
don't got to worry about us seeing each
other again until VidCon because trust
me I'm tired of the guy too so yeah I
know it's so tired of tech you know I
wish the trip could have went better I
would have loved to hang out with a guy
but it didn't it wasn't it better but
maybe VidCon will be a lot better
yeah maybe a VidCon he'll be like Jesse
exactly a not freak so thank you weirdo
pretty yeah so one thing I'm really glad
that I was able to actually get Jesse
leaving because he pulled out of the
driveway and I didn't get to film his
car leaving and he came back to get a
picture for his freakin was I shit
called that app snapchat no Instagram
Instagram
I'm not Tex out honey he's actually I
got an Instagram but I don't use it he
came at to get a picture for Instagram
so I was able to film him saying goodbye
oh my god Michael I just want to tell
you I died in his video when you were
like you're not animal oh yeah I was
like shitting in the yard or something
look anyway I'm not gonna do a long
seriously yeah that's what like shitting
in the armed animal look let's get this
day started this right here stop you're
pissing me off actually please cover
your mouth face okay anyway today is
Sunday let's get this day started this
was the goodbye to mcjuggernuggets
bitch
what are you doing purpose why are you
so nervous cuz what
oh my okay what are you doing okay hey
no no Ritchie I'm embarrassed by this
no I'm filming I'm secret what are you
so nervous about
because Jesse's on his way dude okay I'm
gonna get the camera dude you're not I
am filming this have like weird feelings
right now I don't know if it's like tell
you to what you feel why I don't know if
I'm nervous because he's leaving or
because like I'm afraid he's gonna be
like hey one more thing cuz I don't know
yesterday was weird I've never opened up
to anybody before and he got me to open
up and I'm a little embarrassed about it
don't be embarrassed
can i watch it watch what that video
there's a pink chalk I thought it was
them what can i watch that video now
please leave it alone okay I want to
watch it drop it I just watch it without
you knowing the videos not even up right
now dude it goes up like sometime in the
next hour or so probably Wow and no you
can't watch it
Oh
you're all up in my face I can't okay
rude
hey surround we're doing that I don't
know Bridget it's like he was writing we
were talking to each other at VidCon it
was like hey you wanna you know
collaborate you can come here I can come
to your house I didn't think it was
gonna be like this I thought we're gonna
do some bullshit like you know
challenges or not him coming to my house
and challenging me yeah oh my gosh
you're nothing looking at shit like you
saw something I got to tell you
something though what I saw Mike jog and
I get smelling your boxers what don't
joke with that hey Jesus Christ you're
sick I'm sorry I had to so he said he
would be here by now where is he he's
probably on his way I can't believe he's
leaving I'm gonna call dad cuz I feel
like cuz he should have been here what
if you stopped my dad's house or
something oh my god don't say that
call him off camera I don't want to talk
to a camera about mcjuggernuggets it's
been way too long he should have been
here by now
dad let me ask you a question this is
embarrassing what I feel like it almost
feel like I'm acting like a chick
waiting on her date or something oh
where is he Oh know what this is like no
is that what this is like be honest with
me I mean I think it's cute oh my god
they're gonna say I'm in love with me
Juggernog it's you are the bear they're
gonna snow we're gonna say I'm in love
with him that's not what this is people
okay I don't know if I like the guy or
not I don't know if we're friends
anymore I have that feeling too like I
don't know if he was just trolling us
the whole time
I like honestly I don't know but if he
was he
jr. he's got a good Oh God fuck you Mike
that's revenge for the boxer comment
well that was true no it was a dude yeah
what it better not have been true it was
he was in her laundry room smelling all
of your dirty boxers
don't fuck around with that stuff do you
that's disgusting
he even walked around with the boxers on
his hand I can't it was a stray I can't
put up with this bullshit no more where
is it kidding oh you already caught him
yeah is it good to see you again we are
now officially doing a real
collaboration business before he was
just going through my shit so before you
went home you making me sound like an
asshole I don't have to make you sound
no way you saying you sell you what I
want to get a thumbnail now see that
there's your thumbnail you imagine
that's original dude have a thumbnail
for your thumbnail I might steal that
from you one day but that's not what
this is getting oh you guys steal that
from me one guy like is he filming no no
we're doing okay so you can tell by the
microphone you can always tell when
someone's filming you yeah I thought you
were skilled like that
oh so this is Wow see I can tell him
that's what he got me on that one he got
a belly just turned it on we're gonna
get on the road soon good here turn oh
it's a fucking ten-hour Drive Jesse you
got to go over there that's what you
sound like yesterday Bridget she's not
watching I'm not letting her even see it
dude is that was humiliating I would I
don't post it I'm just kidding I gotta
post that shit that's Mina that's I was
crying too dude what do you me to do I
just open us fucking taking off my
clothes like when you fucking got me
covered in soup I'm not sucking your
pickle boy well that was that's what I
wanted to do I wanted to film a passion
where I thought this was going to go
yeah a fucking crush on me see I think
I've been like this rigid knows why
can't you been like this always what
funny and I am fine open seiyya
okay how's the lighting in those rice
shit he's not gonna
is it shit no I mean it's just sunny
so is that Shane go inside but I was
letting on I need out my thumb
I need to do it outside what it's a okay
I'm not going your pool nope what's fine
like maybe some sort of background that
you can use though there's a big tree
right shade over here so I don't burn
from being out here
this might be good right there with the
trees behind you like this tree which
any tree really look you know your
psycho kid flees country thumbnail what
what is up the the finality or series
are you joking with it nobody thought
does the finale the finale son what to
your psycho series okay he's fuckin with
me
did I really don't know any time out the
funk what do you yeah show me a picture
that shit hold on
I feel like you're fucking with me no
I'm really not what the fuck dude this
who's that
okay dude it's an um I mean I get on
like a character I get my character to
fuse my I want that's a different person
I want you to do this for my thumbnail
yeah right that's a different person oh
you want to do that shit get on the
fucking beard well it doesn't matter
make just make the goofy face and raise
your arms that's near making the goofy
face dude this is a goofy as I can be
this is them not that character just
make the goofy face the appeal here
you'll get the shot imagine that's the
mountain
I want the goofy face they need to know
what's mcjuggernuggets making the goofy
face okay hold on let me compare cuz
it's gotta be right
mouth shall be open more okay eyes a
little squinty er oh here we go
okay and getting thumbnail psycho kid
flee South Carolina
err we it's a fucking sound I made there
we go we get a real collaboration that
was the real collab dude I'm coming back
now you're not walking back I'm gonna
shower like five times once I get home
what does that mean we channel a
farthing it's time to go we're filthy
yeah hmm we're filthy you following us
filthy I say that oh I do need to say
goodbye to somebody else so well I'm
gonna say goodbye to Bella well say
goodbye to my audience first goodbye
blanks yeah what are you what the fuck
do you even have a name for all you see
you know why that equals you know why
that is why cuz we're real and I didn't
register into the Hollywood aspect of it
where people call their audience names
because I call I think that's fraudulent
they're my friends right just like
grandpa's your fucking grandpa
don't even get me started do you want
you want the shirt that had soup all
over it not not particularly I could use
as a smock I can use it to fucking pick
up Tara see you just pick up the poop
like that do Parker I'm not having to
dude it would be good for my yard cuz we
have land mines everywhere just go down
especially great where anger grandpa is
and just I'm Anthony as you questioning
if I have two fucking cameras on me I'm
playing Hollywood yeah there you go yeah
you're Holly come out with that fucking
camera
Melissa Parker hold on hold on we're
busy right now oh whoa ho one last one
last time max a drink with me one left
it was crazy
Parker if I paid you enough money would
you kick his ass who's this is hella
funny every talk about
just here pretty good ready I'm so
fucking glad I remembered don't look so
excited
it's wait how many well honey followers
you have on there 100,000 okay I don't
know Jessie Ridgeway I don't follow you
dude do you not follow me on the say
like if I want to take this bit I'm
surprised I remember itself you don't
remember that shit exactly we're
friendly okay I do care we I know I know
the joke
oh really sensitive well dude yeah I
gotta be you can't you know I just did
this mobile with you you try to turn
into something different and I like it
went from blubbering yesterday to you
know worried about Instagram your
sensitive soul man yeah I am hello
purchase a lucky girl did you really get
a fucking Jesus
look hurry Poulter right now call big
black wand if I wasn't so worried about
turning off and messing up I would
extend it to her I'm just sayin dude I
mean I'm pretty sure like you can't beat
it you just not being taken seriously
that you don't take this seriously
Parker you see the camera is here hold
this see if you can see if you can work
with that I think that's great that you
have a little he's not even trying he's
doing like freakin half-ass work there
oh it's still coming out perfect see
that's what he said it's perfect he is
oh I'm just saying that that's how's
this thing ever shut off on you all the
time she's how about this this ever shut
up for you
not yet not to date I'll bury just good
this pink make him pay for this you go -
no you're not
I need to get to vote cuz you were here
later man CD let's play for me in you
know how was it is everything he thought
it would be literally all right I'll uh
see you good counter assumption maybe
I'll be there but I don't up I'll see
you there
yeah I'll be up on stage I'll be like oh
okay how do you end up you'll be in the
Janet you'll be doing the jet you'll be
volunteering some great big like new
thing you've done
brand new Syria definitely are you
fucking taking a picture here yeah wow
you're gonna like it though
well dragon August is leaving honestly
it's a weird feeling because he came
here with these intentions of like
ruining my family my life your honor way
to Grandpa's house right now
oh god it gets dark way too early
dude I ain't ready for this it's raining
it's cold
Michael next week it's gonna be 30s what
is this temperature 45 it can't feel
that much different cuz just raining too
so it's even more freeze and those wind
yeah it's pretty cold sure I don't think
anybody's seen this big life change how
you guys this is what it's so bright I
know it's not okay
we're on the way to Grandpa's house oh
my god are you okay oh my god show me it
fuck Michael show me oh my god oh my god
I got it
Phil you thought it so hard huh
hold on I'm not joking let me see it Oh
what I see where I got ya just give me a
second Vilma though
okay yeah never that time you push the
bug into my shins that's what it feels
like has anybody ever had this happened
before
you're gonna shock a pain so hard you
feel you're gonna throw up great this is
now when from a really good day to a
horrible day oh man
really
let's just let's get a gas well sitting
here with Grandpa until you did you
goddamn shred cred man tells him why
can't y'all do it I'll do it
yes he's really I'll do it I'll do it
he's been doing this all day you guys
just chill
I'll get it before I go so I said I'll
get it I'll do it
can I hug at all tell you I take would I
keep giving table I got my coffee in
there I'm sorry like a bitch will you
come on man you be table I'm trying to
you know out there oh come on I'm
supposed to get over the slope without
first thing you can put you put it on
you leave me back getting it ready you
are so full of shit my doing it daily
right you fool you're lying right now I
don't why you lie all the time
no sure see ya what I don't lie
mcjuggernuggets is officially gone are
you happy yeah I've got a camera boy
gone ham quiet boy yeah big nugget big
nuggets on a hamburger that's chicken
what lru you need me push you in the
table something he's gone no no I don't
know how good I'll do it I'll do it
I'm not touching you're gonna hurt
yourself
ladies I can do it yeah yeah right over
my damn foot
permission question done what how the
hell'd you notice me to the bone without
a damp tea oh and you're touching it
damn boy he gummed the meat off of that
bone gum off on me well you guys he's
going me so we've been hanging out with
Grandpa I have been recording this whole
time we had a little dinner now yeah I'd
used an Walker to cookin could you will
ever cook yeah I want to see that guys
click like if you want to see grandma
cook with a damn Walker I want to see it
you'll do over older I don't want to see
you do anything with that knee right now
because I know you you're going to blame
me for something where is the Walker
what are you doing yeah I'm gonna fall a
little better get it hey it looks a
little better than me it doesn't it yeah
I'm not saying there's a little better
it does look better ER how's your
football ah God yes
wow thank you better oh my god good
rubber where's that from the fridge
that's my cell we got a comment on the
fact that junk frickin toenails look at
dinosaur teeth what is he doing look
wrong you smell in the wrong part anyway
this is great look it what are you doing
well I gotta go yeah you ever give a bad
what did you we're a war Lauren Lauren
Lauren can't give you a bath
oh no dad's trying to tell Manny to get
my bath I think that's a Lauren kind of
job that is definitely a Lauren job what
do you think what I'll wash your ass if
you want meat on it I don't let me ask
your girlfriend Iceland let's get out of
here that's going to be it for grandpa's
house mcjuggernuggets thanks for
stopping by
hey go ahead I could ever come back go
huggy mine cotton McDonald's because
daddy called me chicken said today thank
you
we're going home
you
you
