what's going on you guys kid behind the
camera here Bridget was right though
she's holding the camera
Bridget behind a camera here so today is
Saturday and today I told you guys
yesterday I was going to be uploading
the goodbye video to mcjuggernuggets and
the reason that's not what this video is
is because of what mcjuggernuggets
uploaded today so if you haven't seen
that he uploaded Kate behind a camera
exposed and basically I have a breakdown
and we almost came close to fighting if
you haven't seen it taking a look at the
link below it's also gonna be at the end
of this video if you haven't seen it I
encourage you to check it out I was
initially embarrassed by it but it is
what it is
it's as real and honest as I've ever
been so go check it out now when it
happened
Bridget filmed a video of me after it
and I didn't want it released because I
wanted to see what he was going to
upload first and now that I see he
didn't cut anything out it was just all
one freaking take and he kept in all my
blubbering and embarrassing shit oh it's
not embarrassing I mean it's
embarrassing and I do it again in this
so check it out this is that video that
we filmed after it happened a lot of the
stuff I said an anger I said it in jest
I don't hate mcjuggernuggets I'm not mad
at the guy anymore
he did what he did but we all made it
work in the end so check it out this is
the aftermath
ah
hey stop okay
yes through the crook enthroned in your
house I just talked to him now I'm
trying to tell you about that please -
can I talk you going for your call me
coming over here
I feel invited that you just showed up I
just call me okay
hey Michael are you guys please I love
you come on do not this not right now
hug give me a hug
come on virgin just go inside for few
minutes
no I heard everything I'm sorry
give me a field of fucked up right now
dude is dead - stop I don't want to do
this okay I - why did I just knock him
the fuck out why didn't I just fucking
punch him in his fucking face now he's
got a a video on his channel of me
looking like a bitch you don't look like
a bitch Michael do me a favor remind me
not to use this footage until after his
video comes out because if he doesn't
upload the video be freaking out I don't
want to use this either because I'm
gonna be humiliated
why does I thought we were supposed to
be friends dude I know that's what I
don't get I met Larry at VidCon he he
won't have a beer with me
his dad's oh hey pickle boy what the
hell
hug I don't want hugs right now Bridget
you need a fucking hog is that how I
want you talking to me right now I mean
you're crying and I don't want even to
cry in front of you that's why I want
you to go inside I don't want you to see
this I don't want YouTube to see this I
could snap
I should have shoved the camera up his
ass dude that's what I should have done
if I was a man that's what I would have
done you are a man mend or fuse hugs
though you need to stop trying to hug me
I don't want it not right now maybe
later but you're angry I'm very angry
and upset and I just want to know that
I'm here for you I am waiting for Dad
I'm waiting for dad to call me to see if
the little asshole shows back up in his
house cuz if he does this time I can
promise you Bridget I'm going to jail
for fucking bloody in his face up I
can't take another second of this you
know what I was fine when I just do it I
thought we were opening up to each other
a few me but as he's walking away he
gives me keep it rigid was he playing me
what does that mean that's his little
tagline don't forget to keep rigid
that's like me freaking crying and then
going like subscribe favorite it's like
what is this that's the fuck am i a joke
no you're not a joke no not a joke
I like Jesse but this does fucker on my
head I don't like that shit you're not a
joke
I don't his fucking juggies are Ryan to
me right now excuse me of stealing ideas
from him excuse me my dad drove into a
pool a year before Larry did
my parents got divorced I don't talk
about that how do I freak out I'm fine
I'm just a little strange What did he
say at the end like he just looked at me
goes Michael keep it rigid are you
kidding me
keep it rigid so are you guys friends or
not I don't know I don't did dude this
guy's an asshole I don't want to call my
asshole cuz I like it he's an asshole
like the hell out of Jesse dude it's
just I feel there's something he said
that's resonating with me
I think he's honestly snapping mentally
let me tell you my theory cuz he said
something that's resonated with me and
I've been thinking about it since he
left he said that he sometimes gets lost
in and out of characters so maybe he was
playing a character the hell but that's
not how you keep friends Jesse you don't
keep friends if you're slipping in and
out of character around them oh he says
he wants to come tomorrow say goodbye I
don't know if I want him to come back I
don't want him back he made you cry
that's fucked up you can't put this
video out until he puts his out promised
me duh I rather he didn't I hope he does
I meet you Bridget
I heard it I thought please don't talk
about it out loud I cried don't do this
to me right I don't need any more
emotions going through me I'm
embarrassed don't be embarrassed and
that was like sad Oh what do you think
are we friends or are we not friends
I will say one thing I feel better that
I got some of that out I didn't get it
all out I got some of it out I got more
in me but I feel a little better
good please just stop good I'm glad I
know that I'm not always the best
boyfriend or the best son Michael you
are the best I know about the best
person all the time
I know I say stupid shit and I love you
guys so much
you and dad and mom and my family
they're everything to me you guys got to
know that sometimes I lose it but you
guys were always in my heart you guys
know that right
I've done a total monster bite no you're
not a monster at all Michael stop
filming me
you're amazing you're amazing in this
little fuck it's not gonna make you feel
otherwise
I like I love Jesse dude it's just I
just don't get this maybe maybe you're
just trolling eyes but Michael you're
amazing
he's got be questioned myself and you
were by far the best son I think any
mother and father would love to have you
as their son trust me I don't and you
are the best boyfriend I don't get the
best hoes this point I don't know
whatever don't put this on till he's
already gone or even less he doesn't if
he doesn't have loved that video then
don't even release it I don't think you
should have bloated that shit wasn't
cool I'm happy it got out though I'm
happy I feel better there's a lot more
in me and maybe it's worse to bottle it
all up
like that's it just promise me you won't
release this until at least if he puts
us up I have no choice
oh yeah well that's going to be it for
today guys thanks for watching
I just wanted to upload the reaction the
aftermath to it it's as real as I've
been on video you guys and it's crazy
but it is what it is so that's going to
be it for today if you guys want to see
how grandpa hurt his knee click the like
button initially we were never going to
upload it but the mcjuggernuggets came
and he saw grandpa on the wheelchair and
dad said he doesn't care so if you guys
want to see it click the like button and
I'll upload it tomorrow that's gonna be
it for today thanks for watching
tomorrow on my channel is going to be
the goodbye to make jogger Nuggets video
and if you guys want to see it how
grandpa hurt his knee so thanks for
watching like subscribe
hey words fall on everything which it
was and that's it Oh
twitter.com slash Bridget was right
there
