dude this is bull this is seriously
invasion of privacy I mean I talked to
you about it yesterday but this is
fucking way worse than I thought it was
that's breaking in Italy he totally
snuck in dudes I'm not breaking it
anyway oh my god
Oh Oh bullshit
oh my god whoa Steven the point what was
he doing what was the point
what was the endgame dude I don't know
look he's daddy I'm doing is dad not
dude how stupid are you Jesse
if you think my dad's so stupid that
he's not gonna see a freaking drone
flying around his house and it was so
freaking loud are you kidding me it was
so good oh I don't notice this around
seriously what was the endgame there I
don't dude what the hell what the hell
Michael I think you should get my car
honestly who Jesse you what about is
what some bullshit yeah but we would
also say new he's gonna be coming over
soon to leave let's deal with it man
okay
all right dude honest to god that was
not like he snuck in he planted a drone
and oh my cha your German French
mechanic I'm too pissed off to do that
again please
he's not gonna see that oh my gosh all
right no oh my gosh hey why isn't a
smokey out here who knows maybe Jesse's
doing something I don't know maybe I
could see that actually did honestly I
was strange I was weird seeing that with
the invasion of privacy and now I am
convinced there might be cameras in our
house don't say there might be cameras
around there could totally be cameras in
our house I'm gonna start searching
around the house I think we should I
don't trust the guy even after yesterday
we had a freaking heart-to-heart dude I
feel like I trust him more than
yesterday I'm just pissed off seeing it
all right he probably didn't plant no
cameras that was definitely too much so
I thought he was gonna be uploading that
video today he's got my timing off
screwed up I don't know what's going on
I don't know when he's freaking actually
leaving now it's bucking with my head
when is he uploading the shit we filmed
yesterday maybe tomorrow cuz that was
embarrassing dude maybe I can talk to
him talk him out of doing it
should I try when he gets here is it
that bad yeah I would I embarrass myself
people can be making fun of me for a
while because of this really that bad
hey why don't you want to talk about it
no don't be embarrassed
so flying a drone around my father's
house in a side I thought was a good
idea I'm gonna tell him to get to your
house to you what that was good well
yeah I was pretty stupid
Jesus Jessi he really deserved the soup
oh I'm glad you guys if you haven't seen
it we uploaded today as well throwing
the soup and his face the other night
yeah that's really good I hope you enjoy
it check it out the link is below
we threw soup and mcjuggernuggets face
and it feels satisfying okay you guys
it's very satisfying yeah you know
people are gonna be like oh that was
mean you know what else was mean flying
a drone around my dad's house making him
get up on his heart and knee so you can
say oh why is he walking around you know
what else mean coming over here saying
we're fake so don't deserve that's only
a little super no spaces justified very
justified I don't talk about him right
now Bridget because you know he's
leaving soon he'll be here soon I would
rather him just go and that's the end of
it not you I don't be angry around me
there is it I don't know is it weird
that part of me is gonna miss him when
he's gone
little it's weird I mean I feel the same
way like why couldn't all the nights be
as good as the halls Chophouse night
I know host chop house night seemed like
he was just so cool so nice so smart it
was a really good day and then you mess
it out it's not school anymore
that'll still miss the guy peace out
rabbit hey mile
well your boyfriend's gone Bella she
Mela is single again I was going to town
was like funny Bridget and to get the
way that he visit and being really cool
and respectful I don't know it's like it
was nice hanging out this last day I
wish it wasn't I wish it was like today
every day I'd like for him to come back
if you watch this Jesse you're welcome
back anytime dude I feel like he had to
be trolling us that's the me that's
gonna be a question I'm gonna ask for a
long time was he in a character was he I
don't know because it was a part after
my emotional breakdown where he looked
at me goes keep it rigid so what the
hell I don't know was he like doctor
filling me was like did we get played
what do you guys think so that's it for
mcjuggernuggets you guys he's gone Jesse
we did not enjoy you here but it was
nice to meet you
I didn't enjoy anything about it huh no
you know it sucks dude because I still
consider him a friend and I like the guy
and I'm sorry I threw soup in your face
grandpa did that and it was fun yeah we
worked sort of a part of it yeah I guess
I kind of knew he where he was headed
when he didn't know suit sir I'm sorry
about that and I'm sorry she got so
crazy hopefully next time it's better
hopefully next time is we do enjoy
having you hopefully hopefully so I
don't know if this is the end of the
vlog or the beginning
the middle the middle could be like a
middle thing I don't know I feel weird
if it's the end things we're watching if
it's the middle was give the day SAR
cases he loved dude
Ellen misses her man boy it's like she
knows I know it's like right when we
came in uh she came to his cage and laid
down and then it's been about three
hours now I just saw he put up his drone
video so I came in to check on her
dude Korbel portal girl
I think Bella needs treats I think she
fell off a tower trades you don't know I
was like you want me down - Bella we
feed you you take care of you you don't
wash everyone always says he's more
creative than me now she thinks you love
him morning he took her dog - he stole
my life and turned it into a freakin
video series I never stole my dog hearin
a hundred juggy
Wyatt come here Jogi oh she reacted to
it we're do things Jogi
oh my gosh all right Jimmy
all right Joe wasn't drinks Kira Jaggi
dude what the hell can you cheeky Debbie
Debbie Debbie Debbie Debbie is my jumpy
she is juggy now No
hey Jackie
Jenny Jenny oh are you going Bella gone
girl
there's nowhere to sleep oh let's see
how did you go in there dude that's the
rooms in charge past it
oh wait shit Michael you want to go in
here yes they were out there was Jessie
she misses her boyfriend huh
you know something haven't talked going
it laughs the fact that they were out on
the roof filming us talk we don't talked
about that yet dude honestly that is so
creepy
yeah they were sitting right out there
filming oh stop oh my gosh Novelli can't
go out there I tell you but I walked in
on them talking in the closet
what I found that I just didn't let out
as I thought was too strange they were
in the closet talking yes remember in
his long move doing shadow puppets oh
yeah yeah there's a whole thing watch
this what what
hey what's up dude what's up
it is so fucking late what are you what
are you doing what are you doing we're
vlogging because we work all hours okay
what if they put cameras in the closet
what what are they just kidding no but
for what if they put cameras on the
house
Bridget like I can only hope not
you know cuz that really is weird hey
they didn't do that what are you looking
for in here cameras do you why would he
put a camera in there Bridget let's film
a closet the whole time why you gonna
get on my ass about this
it's sturdy though right now we were
looking for cameras that Jesse may have
left around when he was staying at our
house we know he was upstairs what to
check up there we know he went to the
bathroom wants to check in that bed Mike
oh yes my office in the kitchen so okay
yeah maybe I wasted my damn time looking
in the closet don't write your satisfy
that I said that yeah okay if you were
going to hide the camera in the kitchen
where would you my microwave you see
through it dummy
yeah but I've used potatoes chicken from
last night oh who would be dumb enough
to hide a camera in the microwave who
dumb enough to hide a camera in the
closet well pick up audio at point-o
setup they were directly in this camp oh
my god they weren't
favor what dude you hear me a paranoid a
little bit you know who put this in my
head you told me that he might have
cameras in it go check the bathroom
Oh oh my god what I'm saying that's a
good place for it check nothing probably
under the toilet and stuff what Oh
the nightlight oh my god scared me yes I
would definitely check like around the a
behind it and the trash can anything
like seriously yeah have to be you
you're probably right
yeah hot shit yeah what would he do that
that's just well he did go in your dad's
house with drone I mean whatever yeah
well if I didn't lock a door one night
where else have we but he was yes I
heated up that chicken dope I just feel
like if I was him I would definitely
plant one around here weirdo kitchen
living room like we're always in the
living room I'm sure he knows that
yeah but I mean oh yeah
TV area he wouldn't mind Yui yeah he
could definitely do that he could put it
around our Christmas decorations okay
what is that oh I do not recognize that
camera do you uh no do you think are you
fucking with me no do you think do you
recognize this I've never seen this no
what then I'm calling the cops right now
I was asked I think you might should be
it was me look a rest with you it's made
extremely old camera I've you stop his
pyramid we're gonna get out of here in
just a few minutes
Bridget is outside waiting for me to
come out there with the camera and
before I did I wanted to take a moment
to talk about the video mcjuggernuggets
is going to be uploading tomorrow cuz
I'm not ready for this video to come out
uh he you know today he uploaded the
video and I I was livid
he went to Dad's house with a drone and
that's were I lost it uh so he comes
over to my house filming and I guess we
we got we get into it
so I don't want you guys to judge me too
harshly when you see it it is as open
and honest as I've ever been on video
before and that counts the time where I
was crying in the van about dad dying
you know or dad comforting me when I
lost a job all those videos pale in
comparison to this it says honest and
raw as I've ever been so I'm not ready
for it
well that's gonna be up for today guys
thanks for watching
had a pretty good day it was actually a
very good day fine it was a pretty good
day finally so that's gonna be if you
haven't seen the video we uploaded today
on the main channel a lot of people
getting kind of mad there's some
dislikes they said we're being mean to
mcjuggernuggets and dude he was mean to
us for like how long five days you gotta
remember dude he flew a drone in my
dad's house he kept me up all night by
going through my office of my computer
and he was being strange he was being so
weird
you guys saw his videos I think it was
justified I think it was - your dad had
enough I don't you think it was
justified it was justified he had enough
of his shit so that's gonna be it for
today guys if you thought that the only
goodbye that I got with Jessie was what
you saw earlier tomorrow's video has the
entire goodbye I did want to put it in
this video because one there's so much
footage and - I was just too paranoid
about him going through the cameras and
that's what this was about but anyway
tomorrow the full goodbye and I can't
wait for you guys to see what I got him
to do for my vlog so I'm really happy
with it Jesse I'm really happy to live a
normal life again Jesse you're welcome
back anytime as long as you're not being
a fucking psychopath so ah
troll okay ol nugget don't get it
started again so make sure all nugget
now like subscribing baby fall on
everything John and that's it I love you
guys Oh
anymore marry me
