Hey sup
yeah
I was
I heard it yeah
you have to film this now this dude has
have his fucking camera in my face for
fucking a week now and I wasn't really
going to do a video today I could turn
it off
what did I ever do Bridget nothing
seriously what did I do that was so
wrong nothing he's just jealous
he still gets more views than me I mean
we jealous of wives I'm in my own bubble
over here we live alone in a house I
paid all right can I have a hug
come on dude ocean somewhere Hajj didn't
have a sentimental moment oh all right
I'm gonna turn this off but I really do
on a hog okay if you haven't been
following mcjuggernuggets uh
has been at my house for days on end now
he's been going through my stuff
yesterday he was harassing dad and you
guys I guess all that today he harassed
dad then today he went back and he
harassed that again and I didn't even
know about it so I wasn't there to
protect dad from this bullshit from this
psychopath huh
let's call me right now huh the nerve
I'm not answering it
so he comes over and he he went over to
Dad's house today you guys and scared
dad to death
that's not cool you don't do that to
somebody else's father and then he comes
over we were this close you guys from
getting into a fucking fistfight I
wanted to knock his face and the only
reason I did it is because it was
filming it and I would have went to jail
I'm glad he doesn't
you wouldn't went to jail and you don't
know when to take him serious or not so
he's a voicemail I can't ever checked it
I smell no he did it I says scene you be
dead you never know what to take the guy
serious because the freaking camera is
always on him
there's never I could not live like that
we film like this moments being filmed
right but in a few minutes we're gonna
turn it off and then we'll talk after it
because we have lives outside of this
this dude is trapped in a camera and I
feel bad for him and I would like to
help him but I can't if he's gonna come
after me he needs like I can't I trust
dude he does dude seriously the light
needs to be a freaking YouTube
convention or something
this dude is snap as his character he's
snapped Bridget and I totally humiliated
by I don't want you to watch his video
tomorrow please don't please don't
okay promise me yeah I really
embarrassed myself in this one what do
you do I cry and shit cried I totally
fucking humiliated me so don't don't
come near me
uh-huh my fucking emasculate us why I've
been out here all night you were I'm not
a fucking man anymore
you are a man there was no camera I
woulda knocked him out that's a promise
I swear to you definitely a man
I don't know who he thinks he is going
to dad's house do you want me to knock
him out I cannot I love that job you
could I could you could I know I'm a
female then I got this I felt so bad for
him I forgot through supona but now fuck
it
I wasn't even go put the video out I
felt bad for like like two seconds but
then I was like oh yeah he's here I felt
bad for this longer than he did what he
did today yeah screw it I was dad what I
wish the soup was hotter when I had them
so yesterday he goes over to Dad's house
I assume by now you've seen the video he
put out I filmed a video afterwards of
dad thrown stupid and that was planned
dad wanted to do something to his away
do something I don't know
dad threw soup in his face on purpose
and I felt bad about it but now I don't
feel bad your dad your dad hates him dad
does not like me juggernaut special hey
you shy at first after today yeah click
like if you want to see the soup video
I'll upload it tomorrow
was it gonna I felt bad for
mcjuggernuggets I thought we look like
assholes but you know what I don't care
I can't look like a bigger asshole than
him click like if you want to see it I'm
tired I'm done with this
hey what to be fair looks like a doll is
a big asshole
yeah dad was yeah who cares what's going
on you guys kid be on a camera here reg
OS here right there without eyebrows I
don't have eyebrows god I look like such
a freak guys I keep forgetting I don't
have eyebrows and so let's see him
solavei so make me laugh right now she
living life without eyebrow I gotta see
this oh my god it's so hideous dude oh
my god
I actually didn't record anything
yesterday I didn't vlog yesterday
yesterday uh was just not a good day
Jesse went over I lost complete I don't
even know what's going on anymore so we
just want him to go home like just go
home
seriously go home I walk in here no more
just leave so I didn't vlog I separated
myself from vlogging for the day I had a
video that I uploaded and now it's not a
very good day Jesse went over to
grandpa's house
and I don't have anything for an intro
are you done with this
yeah yesterday was the election Donald
Trump is the president that's there's
that President Trump so that's that's
the update mcjuggernuggets wore out his
welcome and he better seriously go home
soon please go home please please go
home
you psycho so Michael is really upset
about my joke you know why so Michael is
really upset about my dragon okay please
do this what they upset I don't want you
telling people this but you are too
are you gonna say that okay good show
yes everybody I cried off-camera minute
ago okay I will bitch you're not a big
baby bitch strong men cry so I don't
releasing this on that show so yeah I
cried I'm a bitch
ouch what's up instead of saying
Michaels upset saying Michael is crying
like a bitch do that ever
okay bitch so Michaels crying like a
bitch and I'm
you gotta stop it
your boys I'm Aquinas terribly Michael
so I was I'm just
fuck shit I was going to get you a
little treat you fucking ruined it you
piece of stick we mother crying mega
loser
no but you're not you're not a fucking
loser Michael isn't a loser fucking with
Jagger Nuggets he's going home tomorrow
that's all that matters
you better leave me tomorrow goodbye
psycho goodbye psycho goodbye psycho
goodbye can I please give you your
fucking straight Oh God
but let's wait here it is listen
treatment so Michael is upset really
hardcore and I was going to get them a
cheat and they can feel better
please be fit
look great until people call its fate
and say the hostess paid us to do this
good damn it
no because I'm fucking like Twinkies I
was gonna eat that you reporting this
yeah okay what's up what dinner
oh yeah we're hungry and I figured you
know you could complain of any Newhall
drop out you wanted to get the pimp ID
dude they say you're hungry he said he
was I'm right look no I don't I'm sorry
no after everything that happened today
you expect me to go out to dinner with
you I thought you were going back home
there come on Jesse you're not my
therapist dude if I need to talk to
somebody else I'll pay for it yeah
therapy for you I'll swing by tomorrow
that's perfect dude that's fine with me
you could just go home yeah y'all better
bet okay you believe that the nerve come
to my house come to my father's house
uproot my life go through my shit and
then call me like everything's cool hey
you want to go up ever he literally
he needs just like high-interest Michael
what is wrong with him
I know I don't want to go to dinner with
you never god what a fucking asshole
that is freakin unbelievable I can't
just go home that's because he's
probably planning something else who
knows what he wants to do next I
wouldn't be surprised when he buys a
property near me so we can keep tabs on
office dads do not say that Jesse it
sucks dude because I thought like
earlier we were clicking with something
and then I felt like he I don't know
what he's been serious anymore when he's
not being serious I thought made fire it
is what it is not our wedding dinner
with you
what is this a bunch of fucking food why
are they for what yes
who did this I don't have any idea
pretzels the Sam huh two gallons what
the hell it was already paid for the
tiniest food no Judas chicken chick oh
wow oh my god what is this
I didn't order it he was a mistake wrong
house
sorry smell can't use that if someone's
and we just took somebody's food we're
eating our new yes eyes so our neighbors
really came to see me kickin chicken hmm
I'm not giving a bat I know what food
looks go ahead Robles for fun more fun
yes okay what is it what oh hey mustn't
you know
looks like barbecue or something maybe
as honey mustard bro
what
what Michael Mick Jagger nugget sent all
this are you serious yeah he's saying he
said he attacked us we got the food oh
my god did he's trying to say sorry I
can't make sense of that yeah is he
trying to say sorry is he should I be
offended
hi that's a better question uh yeah he
ordered so much I think I hear about
that should I be offended over the fact
that he thinks I can be bought with food
like hey I know I've routed your life a
little bit but here are some chicken
that's chow
it was a whole bunch of fries oh all
right I bring in you oh wait wait guys
this is Oh forgive them
make sure your nuggets forgive you so
that's great thanks dude seriously damn
I just want thanks on camera - yeah
thanks thank you that's gonna be a
critter day yo guys thanks for watching
thanks for the food dude that's all I'm
gonna said that's the only nice thing
I'm gonna say about you thanks a lot it
doesn't totally redeem anything but I
mean I sort of appreciate it a little
bit you know what I don't appreciate
people gonna look at that pile of
clothes right there and calls fucking
pigs
so anyway I'm gonna get out of here
thanks for watching you guys click like
if you wanna see the video where we
throw soup and Jesse's face yeah it's
you know that's hot we're all good for
grandpa it had to feel good the guy was
coming at him so yeah I did feel bad but
now I don't but Jesse I do appreciate
the olive branch and I will allow you in
my house tomorrow before you leave so
I'm gonna get out of here thanks lion
he's coming over tomorrow he leaves why
just say goodbye hey he's gone goodbye
Jesse okay so okay what you thought he
was on
again he's leaving tomorrow okay so what
do I'm gonna give out here thanks for
watching you guys like scribe babe right
did you say scribe like come on like
yeah okay whatever dude
subscribe hey what those bring it you're
supposed to like Desa gimmick you jump
into character start again like
subscribe favorite follow everything for
to us that's it oh yeah how come I'm in
a better movie and I don't know because
he's gone
hey Balu
you
