and all the doors will lock absolutely I
hate living like this figure I really
hate it
it's khari in here whoa
you are the most observant person in the
entire door oh yeah I'm so surprised
that I didn't see a pink car out here
man you are breath fuck you stoop you
walk out and the first thing you think
his car's not here well yeah maybe
that's an indication that he ain't here
I don't think he's here I'm trying to
see if he came back and left I want to
see if he did anything he was going
through everything last night I'm
beginning to hate you serious no no babe
oh okay God see you - nothing
stepped on my damn foot I'm done filming
here just fell I'm sorry lights don't
work in here is everything all right
yes there's like nothing in here okay
you're really starting to piss me off I
told you what I want to do okay so look
around find nothing and let's go what's
going on you guys kid be on camera here
kid behind us fucking dog don't yell at
me don't yell at me I'm so honored on
edge so let me just say this to you in a
nutshell last night mcjuggernuggets
snapped ooh he snapped last night you
guys I let him stay at my house and the
dude lost his mind and I swear to god at
one point I was afraid to go to sleep so
I threw his ass out I kicked him out of
my house I
biers ice oh my god hey mcjuggernuggets
that's shit ain't funny you thinks it's
a big joke right now
now fuck this camera no no I don't God
ain't nothing funny about this do going
through our shit I know it's fucking
weird so last night I'm sorry for
yelling at you no you're not yes I am he
really I don't like this guy I don't
anymore all the doors open what my
fucking do you take anything well how am
I supposed to know right still the trash
right now what is this uh I don't know
it goes to that is this broken I don't
know you know if I had to guess I would
say he came back and hidden camera
somewhere Wyatt I'm getting out of here
Michael where's your camera bitch yes oh
my god Michael the gate what the gates
open
what the
maybe the shed oh my god dude that would
be so scary
today I can't deal with this type of
shit we were going to have a big
Election Day party today and now we
can't because we Juggernog it's sneaking
around I'm gonna call the police for
depression
would be nice this is usually locked
right yes
it's not in here what he's not in here
I didn't expect it why do you keep
expecting to see her I'm not trying to
see mcjuggernuggets I'm trying to see if
he was going through anything I didn't
film much last night you guys
because it was just too hectic and I
didn't know what he was doing but I did
film some of it this was last night and
I would love to know your opinion is
mcjuggernuggets trolling me is he
legitimately just like insane has he
lost it what do you guys think is he
being fake is he trying to turn my life
into a series I don't know please tell
me in the comments what you think
because legitimately I want to beat his
fucking face in a little bit just a
little bit this was last night I think I
am gonna beat his ass you're not gonna
do anything what's going on you guys get
behind the camera here you mean the
light hold on goddamn hurry up what's
going on you guys get behind the camera
here Oh Joe is here and this is not a
very good day at all I woke up about we
have a vagrant in her house please don't
call me vague or on the video he's gonna
snap when he sees it he's gonna fucking
snap I think actually this bum let me
tell you something you guys Bridget
always wanted to meet me Juggernog it's
all he's pretty cool let's talk to him
how do you feel now I don't know he's a
fucking psycho
yeah I think he's kind of like a
psychopath I think he's trolling eyes
he's I'm uncomfortable he is either
fucking with us hardcore and waiting
until he's done or something or he's
fucking deranged
I hope she's talking about thoughts
because he is creepy I'm out remember it
this way I'm outside right outside of
his bullshit car okay he's fucking all
night walking around what the fuck dude
right
he's fucking lost it he's deranged he's
a psychopath and I think the video
series snap out
I can't keep none of this okay so I just
heard a really really love bang and shag
open look yes he's my fucking break and
shit he's fucking crazy
I don't trust it he didn't kill the
fucking camera dude I'm not turning it
off fuck that yeah what's up you doing
something's going on what I mean
somebody here Bridget don't leave me
alone in here
yeah so you like I heard a fucking loud
bang up here and I'm not turning this
off this time I don't know we're
sleeping is somebody else here that
wasn't my voice
yeah something exploded or something up
here it's nothing wrong with we're fine
maybe my fucking dick when I'm best paid
in here he doesn't do that with manner I
had before
he just doesn't okay I'm freaking
filming this age you're scaring me dude
we minded what do you mean you're
freaking me out you little shit
point pull one thing out and show it to
me why there's cuz I have never seen
that closet Wow smoking like it's your
water I'm never seeing that closet
I didn't kill the hand rhythms over here
this would be like brown oh wait now you
like
Oh God mom come to carry shipping
obvious leave us here he's fucking
unhinged dude what I don't wanna stay
here
I like how it doesn't dip down anymore
this looks really good it looks really
good dad I really appreciate I'll be
honest ugh when you first started look
like crap I wasn't left out that's all I
needed
yeah buffed out rearranged a little bit
What did he say to you yesterday dude I
didn't put his video out Jeff I knew he
was talking to you geez I asked me if
y'all we're home that's it that's it
smug bastard up returning nude we do
know that's a problem he's a youtuber
he's supposed to be our friend I thought
he was over the oldest said anybody
coming around I run him off I would you
know why he's here yeah virgin hasn't
told you anything no he wants to try to
say that our videos are fake oh yeah
he thinks that dad's not an asshole that
dad doesn't break anything and he's
gonna prove it he's an asshole he's a
big asshole
and honestly I think your dad could
probably run him off am i he's an
asshole
look I'm not saying he doesn't have a
reason to believe it okay it is pretty
unbelievable that an old man would do so
much of the shit but he does not really
he's so bitter and me and no I bet I'm
just saying hate holidays Oh always film
I don't care dude if I was an outsider
legitimately if I was like a fan I would
call a fake myself I wouldn't you
wouldn't because we know it's real we
live it it's hard to detach yourself
from that because you see it you fucking
witness shit that we didn't even catch
on camera but they don't they just know
the story that we present to them so
they think maybe it's fake and maybe
he's gonna try to take us down through
bullshit like that and that's what
pisses me off
how much does to prove its real baby
stroke that's the point but all he has
to do is have perception on his side and
he's staying at our house and he's
making us look guilty bias he's making
us look worse than we are because I
don't I feel awkward when he's filming
and he's staring and I don't like him in
my house going to yeah I don't want to
go into my computer and shit I know
right or freaking drawers so I look
worse oh my god yeah can you not touch
that and be the goal what's a guilty of
but how you also go very privacy you
want people go for your stuff somebody
you've met one time in your life
wouldn't be bothered by shit Michael
wait you're gonna knock him over twice
sorry you're right done yeah I'm fine
dad call your bed hey you got your beds
so right now Bridget is outside I guess
looking to see if there's any polls
closing or anything trying to find some
election news and I wanted to take a
minute to talk about what I think is
happening here because it's too strange
right I shave off Bridget eyebrows and
then a day later mcjuggernuggets is here
and he's deranged and talking shit and
says we're fake and all that does this
seem like a prank to you guys does this
seem like I'm being pranked because
that's what it feels like to me so we're
going to be going to see grandpa today
mcjuggernuggets is gonna meet a new
grandpa I didn't want that to happen
you guys are gonna see why when you see
I didn't the other day at Jennifer's
birthday party anger grandpa I wasn't
feeling well hey look you're gonna see
I'm a juggernaut it's video and I get
doesn't seem like I'm being pranked this
is what it feels like to me I feel a lot
right now like I'm being pranked so if
something strange or weird happens at
dads house like mcjuggernuggets kills
angry grandpa I'm not gonna react I'm
gonna know it's fake right there I'm
gonna know in a second Jesse's gonna go
cut yeah and no not me something's up
I'm leveling myself out here this ain't
all that is this ain't there's something
else here and I don't trust it and and I
think I would be stupid if I did so
we're gonna find out let's talk about
the election for a second well that's
going to be a pro today guys thanks for
watching today is election day and so
before I get out of here
being that this video is going to go up
after the election I want to give a
message to future Michael and his
subscribers so future Michael um
and his subscribers if Hillary wins
tonight it's not rigged everybody calm
down there's not some bigger conspiracy
going on this isn't Skynet and the
mountain the the robots aren't about to
take over and Hillary's not gonna be
arrested as president none of that's
gonna happen
everybody can calm down relax I assure
you I speak to you from the past uh if
Trump wins uh if well the first thing if
Trump wins you know fire departments
please use the hoses at the right
designated areas and put the riots out
because there's riots obviously at this
point and we're in a new world and
Skynet hat and I'm kidding that's a joke
if Trump wins Hillary supporters number
one he is your president at that point I
don't
it's like George Bush I didn't like
George Bush but he was the president
he's your president and that's something
you have to support and if it's unhappy
to you that he's the president you got
four more years to change your vote well
not to change your vote because we have
Trump now but we have four more years to
be like who's replacing Trump so you
know that's what's going on I assure you
riots aren't fixing anything changing
your twitter or facebook pictures - you
know I'm still with her is it going to
change anything he's the president so
that's my message to the future I don't
know what's going to happen tomorrow but
no matter what we have to accept the
outcome because that's what democracy is
all about so I'm gonna get out of here
thanks for watching we're gonna over to
grandpa's house pretty soon I'm gonna
take a really hot long shower cuz my
head hurts what do you think is gonna
happen at grandpa's house I don't know
probably something psycho don't say that
it's probably something psycho well I
hope not man the jugular just snapped
huh yes
so I'm gonna get out of here thanks for
watching you guys like subscribe
favorite fall on everything Bridget was
Michael and that's it what is going on
with you what you're acting strange
yeah I'm the one I can strange hey your
eyebrows so mad about of course they
won't grow back what what are you doing
reach back inside animal image I just
read your face
