what the fuck what the fuck what the
fuck what the fuck where's the light I
don't have eyebrows my goal that's the
least of our fucking worries right now
so is he he's outside right now
he's talking he's fucking filming over
there
look he's going over the fucking fence
in the pool look all the wage preaching
should it dude what's going on you guys
can't be on a camera here right over
here not going another because I don't
either
we gotta go to halls Chop House no I'm
not even meeting him like that
Bella so what's going on you okay I got
it so just now I told you guys either to
make Juggernog this was making videos
about me just now he just let me show it
up at the house and it's really weird
and I haven't even seen him yet his
whole goal look straight up we haven't
addressed it yet his whole endgame he
wants me to admit that my videos are
fake because his were fake we don't do
fake shit now I have told you guys from
day one there were elements and nerve
there were elements in my videos that I
have staged before you know we sometimes
need intros or the yes some of it but
Dad is absolutely an asshole who breaks
his shit and he's trying to help setting
stage he's an asshole there's a
difference between psycho kid killing
his father and angry grandpa destroy I
won't even
but staged with us we do intros for
pranks okay
I can't keep none of this he's gonna
freakin up I don't know to think I don't
know if I want to like hate him beat his
ass
why not oh yeah yeah go ahead go beat
his ass that's real smart
you're gonna do that babe please take
the camera we're gonna go out there he's
overweight oh yeah I'm bringing in Bella
Bella Bella coffee if L attacks him she
gets taken away oh hey what's up man no
dude nice yard looking really looking
good yet another house regular pull
house yeah but there's like benders this
up
Bridget German items hey oh good oh
you're something dude I feel like we're
like LeBron fists right now on this
cameraman Parker big fan yeah me Parker
yeah so oh you're filming Mountain
Ripper boy so okay I was just saying
McGuirk oh you just popped in and we're
going to scrap and make Jenny Nate and
we're going out to a steak house paint
up closing it okay what's that mean
closing it closing video off just want
to make sure you get my subscribe to me
Jurgen egg it's good man probably
already our subscribe subscribe big boy
bed
did you know like like I have like 40%
people have watch me and aren't even
subscribed
I wouldn't know the number that's crazy
up and that crazy yeah so yeah I'm sorry
I'm taking away
no dude talk what's up you guys like
fake shit they have their subscribe to
you they do
we don't burn witches and shit on our
videos right right so you sound where
we're going we are going to hauls Chop
House folks nice I've been a couple
times in the vlogs I've never taken this
guy I'm getting steak
do you drink and so is that anything
guys he's trying I'm gonna dress a dude
you wanna oh yeah finally he wants me to
admit were fake we're not think I guess
you can go back hey my work here alright
I'll see it may be a VidCon yeah see you
dude
hey that was the big collaboration you
want to go to the place no idea idea so
this freakin thing is blinding is he'll
do what is this oh it's our power light
so we actually use equipment you know
that you would use for filming we don't
use something shit you take pictures
with okay dude it's a camera yeah you
can't really fit that because so bright
god yeah well mine is good quality at
least sure okay so look at this car dude
look at Bridgette I'm sorry I'm sorry
looks like this way think Bridgette
could you drive this I think it's really
cute Oh see she thinks is cute it's real
thank you
cute for a man's car well I mean it is
pretty very adorable you only show you
how to drive - hey I don't want to learn
that's okay though are you comfortable
being seen in this two guys in the front
I'm fine with that
turn-turn the pink yeah okay man you
know this you ever say things like that
on your blog or your blogs clean no no
okay not no no oh that's right you were
covered in like suds and things in the
one vlog you're like oh yeah we're we're
filthy nude we're trying yeah pretty
yeah we're pretty in my row with that
thing so you maybe the light has taken
my depth of perception allow thoughts
all over your face that's just your eyes
failing your bridges really so well we
are going to hauls Chop House right now
and I guess we're gonna ride in this
pink car yeah that's happening I like
this car yeah it's very cute I think
it's a good car with I think the other
you gotta give it your eyes me know
you gotta go cardio I feel like you got
good car color I kind of made it here so
that's what counts
kind of like how are you still like
really happy we're here like in this
cool dudes frigging cig yeah I don't see
my camera has been going this whole -
I'll turn it up jesse is freaking
speeding it's gonna clean I'm scared
bridges grabbing the oh shit bars right
now oh my god right
I don't feeI feel them screeches good
there we go that's green means go where
we're from come on down here yeah yeah
green means go everywhere just make sure
you know pink means right what
I don't know I mean I love the color
pink for me Gilligan Regina referent
what's it mean Jesse huh it's a maple -
uh me
dude he's driving like he's tweaking or
something - whatever else
rather the four nervous numb knots
filming talk to me about filming
one of the only free Gabbar ah please
just your own when is this shit you hand
I know I should have taken my car I'm a
good Parker please yield what should be
driving what you want we really want to
see how easy driving is I just wouldn't
Italy do anything I don't fuck it we're
getting now I'm touching it's got
autopilot dude yeah this car might have
used to had Auto PI's one years ago when
it was built
we're fine we're fine babe we flip
doable ass I will fucking take you to
court leg on your car bring it bitch you
were fucking out of your mind dude that
is terrifying
forget it turn the light off yeah this
car probably had auto pilot years ago
when it was first made not no more
they're just testing out 99 oh my god
he's got like generation 1 autopilot
we roll my Rene to
like
chocolate cake and the mess around
Oleg Ephraim
my
thank you very much
I already know
birthday
so we sold the lady was with dragon Doug
his birthday was a lie and I didn't
expect him to bring him birthday cake
but he did so happy birthday is this
what my life has come to
vlogging in my closet I know it's like
come on dude she kicked him out
I tried I did too uh I asked you for
support and I was doing the face so uh
if you guys don't know what's happening
and I don't know if I've had a chance to
explore I haven't had a chance to
explain it
mcjuggernuggets um won't wave he came to
Charleston so he could expose us as
being fake which is it going to happen
because our videos are real and the
elements that were ever staged for
videos we explained to you and rose and
stuff like you know very minimal it's
not like angry grandpa smiling and tap
dancing he's an asshole he breaks shit
when he's mad and he hates me
of course he hates you everybody hates
you you know they're gonna love Jesse's
vlog why cuz he's freaking filming all
these unflattering angles of you and
shit that's everything the commoners
wanted
it's like he's a troll or something nude
man is he a troll is that what this is
say this on a big deal it is to me
everyone knows that I'm a thot bug okay
Bridget I don't want to talk about it
like that first of all you're beautiful
and I love you but I felt like they were
purposely filming bad angles and zooming
in and shed you think yeah I do think I
don't think they I thought Parkman was
cool and everything I don't think they
would do that come on Jesse's kind of an
asshole but I don't advise hope he's
here to take your freaking livelihood
from you you guys what's happening here
is he think maybe dude get the fuck out
of her house
what am I supposed to do stop it what am
I supposed to do I don't know
stop it
well don't get us busted she's wants to
get her new friend her new daddy
Jesse bath.you she loved him more than
us
she just told everyone I know every
stranger they're out there right now
sleeping on the couch look I don't know
what to freakin he won't leave
mcjuggernuggets won't get out of my
fucking house and I don't want to seem
like I'm a bad host bad oh my god it's
like if he different if he's I'm here
for a visit
you guys don't get it he's been ripping
on me all day the cameras are filming
all day oh I watched his latest video he
kept calling you pickled egg pickled egg
okay why like why is he here RV age is
so much he wants to fuck Heat I thought
they were all friends what happened is
he quit his psycho series and his views
plummeted oh poor babe and so he's like
oh I want his views to plummet to so I
need him to be fake with me well I'm not
faking motherfucker I oh stop will you
get me the fuck out of here I want them
as punch man his motherfucking face I'll
drag his fucking ass out of this house
and beat him in the front yard do it you
want that yeah
don't really I'm kidding don't do it
stupid you'd obviously won that that's
not even fair
he won't we frigid and I need to find a
way dude let's just see what happened
I'm single toe believing he's kicking
his fucking shoes off like when you
going back oh I'm here for like a week
he's totally trolling us he's not
controlling us he she he's shooting you
at angles I don't fucking like if you're
gonna shoot Bridget you do it like this
that's how it is babe you got yet yeah
you guys are right okay I'm I'm more if
everyone knows I'm a fat fuck yeah I
know what Bridget doesn't give a fuck
but I do because I don't want her to be
the subject to fucking ridicule and
that's gonna be well show my body now
here we go there's Bridget you
motherfuckers take my key junkies
fucking ass Michael no it's okay it's
okay
god damn it's okay I don't think he
would actually do that he's an asshole
on a troll but I don't think you would
actually do that
he's not my shirt what's up speak are
you guys gonna bid her a bunch of
nobodies I'll see what was going on I
find some late nights nasty so when I
eat a lot like for dinner and I want the
food later on to my stomach expands oh
no it's cool dude it's fine yeah I'm
gonna have one of the midis again
under your feet this costly bug you
Netflix - yeah sweet never ready
