that happened done it that did happen
Wow I'm happy we did it I am too what's
going on you guys can't be on a camera
here vigil ser right there
Gina right there yeah and we just had a
drag-out brawl yeah that was an intense
conversation and I'm glad we did it
you ain't got me doing it I'm glad we
get it about time anybody can hear us
all the truth we're done we're gonna
carry on HP's legacy as we always have
and that's it no more haters we don't
have that's what that's why I which I
never cared and I wish you never did
either and I do too Buddy Holly now
ain't you learn anything they bridges
she regrets it
yeah I'm just drilling your leg Tina
keep regretting that who cares about the
hater
well I'm glad it happened that it needed
to happen
forget all that I got a question now
that one's talking what are you talking
will you mess with us she said something
buried between dad's house yeah there
was nothing buried there you guys
nothing nothing
crazy man right you just want to start
with us that's what it was why I made
you faith in it yeah I made anything I
was like what is it I know like I'm
gonna stop okay can you bring one either
Jennifer saw those peanuts Jever fix
penis in her sleep yeah what was that
Tina went on her video on her channel
talking about we needed we owe her an
apology and a chocolate cake a chocolate
cake yeah tree yeah double chocolate
cake you want to talk with Kate but I
saw her on the side with the one I saw
by my side what is this what is that ice
all right oh my soda I don't so she was
like a sword I don't know what that is
I came with chocolate candy maybe we'll
fight Dean and the next time we have a
Sunday dinner and we'll have chocolate
cake okay
my shitty all fettuccini yeah should
there be a fettuccine Magda like Google
I'm making homemade can you do that
yeahbsolutely
roll the dough up I want to see you do
it I want to see you rolling there's my
good to believe you do it really Bridget
you're starting more here at the house
you do it if you're gonna do it you do
it from scratch here that limit can you
do it gotta buy a box of noodles I'll
just tell you that ahead of time
yeah mama tell you we had time I would
buy a box of noodles - hey worked for
years you dad they work for you dad
hey we're drunk you love watch the news
yeah in my fettuccine alfredo pricings
that was there's a little cheese in your
fettuccine actually I do
what kind of shoes you do I'm not
telling you my secrets Tina all right
can you gonna come we'll find out the
cuckoo don't you go pulling up our vlogs
either
I'll buy boxes oh my god we can't do it
now we have to do it who's gonna buy me
a pack of cigarettes oh maybe I should
give her the recipe you don't know there
has to be your I don't oh I see you're
trying to do yeah she knows it you know
kudos you know a sugar juice huh yeah
you and a black wig over there go ahead
and get something done there
oh no it's growing
wait hello mate hey young as a brunette
picture girl say come back come back boo
oh I think I know I did not serve that
lady papers it is officially the next
day you guys we have finally done our
confrontation with tea man and I'll be
honest I am very happy that I did it you
know like I was worried about actually
doing it because I wasn't I wasn't sure
what she would do I wasn't sure what her
reaction would be how she was gonna
approach us when we did it and I was
like I was right
okay if you haven't seen the video she
was very volatile she was very explosive
she got in my face guys check this out
this is my house what's the one on okay
bring your bag at my house can I come
inside as pouring things got explosive
doing this video you guys but in the end
we sat down and there was a lot of stuff
that we hashed out raw real riveting if
you haven't seen the video I really
encourage you to check it out Tina
really spills her heart out in this
video you know a lot of stuff even I
didn't expect a lot of stuff I did I
didn't even want to talk about but we
covered it anyway we talked about
everything you guys have you haven't
seen the video check it out Tina's want
to talk to you personally on my vlog
although we didn't cover everything
there was a lot of stuff that we could
have talked about and a lot of stuff we
talked about off-camera you know I
forgive you
and I know you forgive me for some of
the stuff that I did you know we we did
a lot of back-and-forth stuff to each
other you know you know
I apologize for taking you to court
because it wasn't the adult thing to do
you should have just solved it civilly
before I took it in front of a judge I
should have thought about that should
have I should have considered your
feelings I should have just heard you
out saw where you were coming from find
out what happened rather than just
exploding I wish everything was done
differently I wish you would have done
what you did differently it was dad what
it did his thing differently I wish we
all just I just wish it I just wish it
was different but what matters is it
didn't get too late before we change
things you got to have that moment where
you got to say goodbye the dad where you
got to apologize to him and he got to
just spill his heart out to you and tell
you how he loved you and you guys had
that special moment that we can't take
from you and hopefully going forward
things will be different
although guys right after it was all
over she was still volatile she was
still explosive I'll talk about that
tomorrow
guys I don't know how much is left I
don't know much you know how long this
vlog is gonna be I don't want to make it
a super long vlog I just want to say I'm
really glad I did that I'm Gloria I'm
really glad that you guys talked me into
I'm really glad that things happen the
way they did I mean I'm not happy things
happened the way they did in the past
but I'm happy that here we are now able
to move past it Tina
I forgive you hopefully we can move
forward together now and do some
challenges or something guys have you
have any challenge ideas let me know in
the comment section below and smack that
like button for the cook-off between
Tina and Bridget are you guys right now
I got to do something a little bit
special uh you know one of the young
hands reached out to me her name is
Becca and she asked me if I could do a
gender reveal video for her mom now as
of right now this video was not going to
be in the vlog this is just a video for
her however
when I asked her if I can include it in
the off chance that she says yes I'm
gonna include it in the vlog so guys
right now I am doing a gender reveal
video I'm gonna have a little bit of fun
I'm gonna try to Steve Harvey in a
little bit I'm a rethought okay I'm not
going to read the wrong results because
I don't want to be like and then I
messed it up
oh my god my dad's going to have a
little bit of fun guys pick a boy does a
gender reveal what's going on amber keep
you out of camera here but to us he are
right there and today we have your
gender reveal like MSM this is so
exciting look I don't know what to do
here so I'm sort of like falling look
god this is really exciting Michael no I
like wings okay how do you tell oh my
god okay okay yeah teriyaki wing it all
right here we go today we have your
gender reveal results you have been
wondering if you're having a boy or a
girl well today and this envelope I've
got the results I don't even know guys
Bridget doesn't know this is gonna be a
surprise to her so you know first things
first I want to say congratulations to
amber like there's nothing more
beautiful than you know a child so here
we go
nothing what else is more beautiful I
don't know like life okay cake cake
chocolate cake
we're demeaning her pregnancy okay all
right congratulations amber this is the
biggest moment of your life let's do
this okay amber the results are in and
you are having okay that's actually my
Shane Douglas autograph I messed it up
what I lost ramblas seriously I think I
sent it to a fan no damn it I know the
results hold on just
all right wing it when you get wing it
sorry amber is embarrassing okay all
right amber Joe ruined it
I would we ruined the reveal hold on
hold on we happen to be blue and pink
okay yeah right that's blue
all right let's paint ah I suppose okay
okay okay so by using these how do I
reveal a gender like I don't if I eat
the ice cream or drink the Gatorade what
do you think yeah okay all right if I
eat the ice cream it's a girl if I drink
the Gatorade it's a boy okay what if I
want both because I am actually kind of
hungry
I kind of want both myself actually
after the video we'll eat ice cream
together okay here we go enough
dilly-dallying around amber you are
having who did I send the results to oh
my gosh I don't know all right
whatever think of those things where
they open it do they will you what the
hell yeah make me ashamed Douglas on the
ground not the results to a gender
reveal okay here we go
Oh amber congratulations you are having
it's a boy ah this is the worst gender
reveal ever let's give her a second okay
okay amber
yeah joy this is joy a photocell boy I
saw the why why would they have a boy
decorate look I don't know okay
I'm whimsical okay yeah me too that's
why is this joy congratulations amber
you guys we're getting out of here in
just a second you guys before we do I
wanted to do a really quick scene just
talking about a couple of things and
then we're gonna you know do the outro
but before we do number one there was
only two days left to get the angry
grandpa gone but not forgotten sure and
then it is totally going to be gone for
we're not gonna be putting it back up
for sale you guys you know it was
actually gone like almost a week ago it
was almost totally sold out and I asked
the guys from BB TV if they could add
more so we could keep it going until the
11th like I promised and they did it so
a big shout out to BB TV thank you guys
so much for the accommodation and just I
really appreciate it I know the fans
appreciate it guys
two days left and then it's gonna be
gone forever before we get out of here I
just want to take a second to talk about
the future you know I've been really
depressed lately and that's for obvious
reasons and I'm gonna continue to be
depressed but I need to keep my mind
distracted
so this Tina video is a signal moving
forward that things are gonna start
changing on the angry grandpa show
channel but you know ramped it up gonna
you know do more challenges and pranks
and just the things that you guys want
to see I'm gonna finally get back into
that and really start to take dad's
channel where you can be proud again
because I know I let him down but I'm
not gonna let that happen so number one
this Wednesday I am uploading an angry
grandpa Valentine's Day video that's
right
angry grandpa Valentine's Day and that's
not all because this next puzzle I say
this Friday no not this Friday net okay
is it this Friday or next Friday okay
today's Friday which means next Friday
I'm gonna be officially uploading the
see you soon video featuring pfv now
something could happen I don't know
maybe the director will say hey I got to
make some changes and it won't go up
Friday but as of right now
this Friday see you soon
featuring pfv and I just want to thank
all you guys for being here to watch me
live out my dream because this has
always been my dream to make a real
video guys this is a real video I
watched a cut of it it's it's humbling
it's emotional it's amazing I can't wait
for you guys this
- yeah and don't worry there will be
height pieces all week
the hypetrain begins now see you soon is
dropping this Friday hopefully guys I
can't wait for you to see it I'm so
proud of it it's one of the biggest
things that I've ever done guys
it's super exciting let's do this outro
seeing you soon is gonna you're gonna
see it soon
