what's going on you I can't do it you
can't be serious with this thing Bridget
Michael do the intro okay it's really
hard okay KITT what's going on you guys
Kimmy's not a girl she's like grabbing
on me now what's going on you guys kid
behind a girl with no eyebrows here yeah
you can't be serious with a Bridget
seriously come on let's do it
can you see it all no but I can't
breathe you can't walk her all the fun
I'm about to cut outs of eyes soon you
can't wear I'll forget bags pretty
shadows like I can tell it's your arm
you can't wear a frickin bag over your
head and today it did stop this Bridget
stop this and today I look hey yeah I
look like a freak
okay I stopped recording up no can you
please take the bag off oh I look stupid
yeah all you do is have Dora look Dom
hey that's in the intro pretty you're
crazy dude all right what's going on you
guys can't be on a camera here yeah
right there and today is Monday and
today I made a bag if you didn't see the
video well yesterday they say breathing
she's so embarrassed you didn't see the
video uploaded yesterday we shaved her
eyebrows off and now she's tried to use
a bag he breathe okay
yeah seriously let's get this day
started you got it if you want to go to
the frigid I have to do this if you
would turn the fucking camera off no
wrong way Bridget here come on there we
go
oh Jesus Bridget say cabinets fridge
your frickin bail out there I turned off
the camera view go ahead
that's a regular day yeah you got a
regular drink okay are you trying to say
I shouldn't have regular drinks oh you
like okay I can't put up with it oh
please drink this with the bag on your
head oh it's gonna be great
which one this is Pepsi yes okay Bella I
turned off the camera so mama could take
the bag off of her ass thank you
you gotta like warm it look like a freak
I'm going to try on Bridget's fashion
accessory here you're just trying to
coffee me yeah that's my goal Bridget to
be bad I'm kidding
oh you really couldn't see could you
know it's dangerous yes I'm gonna see
how oh goodness gracious
all right you guys where should I go it
looks so creepy
okay um get something out of the fridge
okay here's the game I'm gonna see if I
can get the correct item out of the
fridge because it's I'm fucking blah
what is it for what am I giving um
Mountain cue Oh
Mountain Dew yeah I almost hit that
Oh what is that take my hand
which dog just tried to kill me that was
Bella Bella okay if I had this on my
face permanently would you attack me
like what if I say no
right okay wait I know how to get a
mountain do I stack them you as aw yeah
because about until yes so this is
Bridget's fashion accessory she needs it
apparently as we go anywhere I'm wearing
the bag oh no I have another bad you
gotta be kidding you can't live your
life with bags babe I look like a freak
I look stupid okay so the one thing I
want to show right now is the dent oh
yeah why didn't you talk about the dent
it's scaring me why are you getting
scared because I don't know why you talk
about the dent all right raise your
eyebrows so if you look closely Gus let
me focus on bridges dent here look at
this those are you got punched in the
face I'll punch you in the face whoa she
can't show the dent please look I'll
show you look oh look at that
it's not as bad listen let me tell you
who make you promise okay I know you
think it's bad now
well we're using narrow we should when
we shape the eyebrows the three billion
oh yes well you're a boy you gotta lag
we're not Michael yes we are sorry for
not yes we are no we're not those never
the fucking deal I Drive not doing that
Brigitte quipping so I'm set okay you're
gonna have to do it again always gonna
have to really be shaved this time yeah
it was a razor and they're no fucking
Nair that you wouldn't do it your dad
wouldn't do it
I won't do it yeah you are really pissed
about this aren't you
every little braid you just wait until
they grow back bitch
what is that for what does that supposed
to mean Bridget give me a camera what is
fun to me that God gives day why we the
fuck off what is this so we got these
fake security cameras because if you
didn't see the video we uploaded the
other day
Bridget told me she saw somebody peeking
into the window and that scares me
Michael that was a joke that was a joke
too yes I had to scare you so I could do
that scary deeper frame that was a joke
oh you so nobody look through the window
at all nobody looks I lost somebody look
through the window and you made me think
somebody else know I've been scared for
days so oh my gosh anyway we went to
Target and I got this fake security
cameras that way somebody comes up
they'll see security cameras all stop
damn bro I mean we have like the
scissors and shut oh my god oh yeah
precious children before I try to offer
Oh get over it
your bail just set off the Christmas man
looks like it would fake me okay Michael
give it here you're incompetent you
don't know how to open shit go ahead and
open it but I'm just gonna film your
eyebrows all fucking time give you my
bag
no I ripped it okay so Bridget right now
is ripping I forgot I didn't have
eyebrows for a minute that's not normal
for a minute oh Jesus was it Jesus
Michael I thought you could get it
that's what it seemed like I'm not
filming that don't style with flashing
red light fake security camera telling
your smoke alarms so many batteries we
have batteries no bad do I say we have
none get ready your attitude bitch I
would I think I have oh I said we need
batteries all happy and optimistic and
there you go we have batteries I didn't
do like that
Elijah yes home we have back to leave
look at my eyebrow they're gone that's
nice okay you lying asshole okay here we
go folks
three takes God you couldn't tell just
by looking
where's it going back and tell by
looking is that you don't have eyebrows
Wow magnet lnsolent
yeah stop it with that holy crap oh my
god yes we have an affordable security
system
how do you close you bastard give it
here I got it this time you call me
stupid
I got you too okay so we could do the
old-fashioned Michael I mean I don't
think we should like whoa Michael I
don't think we should found less we talk
like everyone's gonna know these are
fake cameras yes that's the point we're
vlogging it well isn't the point to like
make people think that's a real security
system like I'm working on getting a
real one wait oh so if we film it start
the whole thing over wait okay
we'll just tell us real cut the whole
other part out that it's fake all right
so right now we got a real security
system as you can see there's a red
light going as it's recording
so it's active and it's live and it
feeds to the cloud so we're going to
find a place to put this Michael stop
this is not realistic everyone knows you
can't install shit like those they don't
know that about me they do no you know
I'm so damn it competent you're not
incompetent but they're gonna know you
don't understand that right there no
one's gonna know he's gonna believe this
oh god damn it
Oh oh my god they're lost in the gutter
shit
Hey you dumbass my dad was coming over
it with a ladder he could have looked up
there I just really fucked the whole day
up I fucked this up are you getting a
real security since yes
you're goddamn right I am what the hell
happened here
I hate this I hate all of it does it
have to be flashing there Michael no
one's going to believe this
well I did my best dude okay I'm sorry
I'm such a loser you're not a loser it's
just no one's gonna put so her eyebrows
are gone guys if you take a closer look
this maggots are stupid okay you guys
I'm sorry I have an attitude problem
none of that just an anger problem in
general we gave you Bridget I'm
embarrassed okay
I freaked out I broke the stupid
security look I don't know what happened
I put it up here and then the freaking
batteries really gone I still there babe
because I want people to think we have
security system Bridget how about I just
get a real one we're supposed to be but
until then they're like oh they're wired
for cameras fine okay
Michael apologize I was going to Jimmy
feel stupid again okay stupid I'm gonna
see if the camera I can't see what I'm
filming but I want to know if I can see
the batteries in the back of the thing
what did you do if it's a harp like a
thing of snakes I would be terrified
sneaking us so I don't if I'm filming
the thing but I'm imagining it's
terrible so anyway babe if you're really
sorry show me I will show you here you
go how long do I got to show you for no
guy should be like that
you kiss and I'll forgive you I just
gave it to you I need another one
okay I figured so right now our barn
yeah that's right we've been in a little
house on the prairie and we have a barn
dad called it a barn
I got a garage just a garage with Doug
calls in a barn so our Little House on
the Prairie barn door is like detached
or something yeah so Doug is gonna be
working on this and how I don't really
know how you gonna fix it
at least you're talking to us for now
oh please you're over it or you want to
be over here right dad
yeah so how well how do we go off fixing
something like this
well I bent the hinge the hinge is gonna
have to come off are you even gonna be
able to do this
yeah wait how it's so high up I don't
know what to do for just crazy stilts
you need stilts
okay he's got a ladder I'm like I don't
we have stilts this it's gonna get a way
to take the weight off the door and push
it forward
this seems uh something you need to
prepare for I don't think we can do this
today oh yeah I'm coming up the lens out
of fear
I don't know Doug oh hell just happened
so big-ass hole over here nice hole
there what the hell how about it there
you know there was a hole there
one here one here one here what are they
from damn man
um whatever they will keeping inside
they're tough is what it is
I see Doug wanting to laugh too uh-huh
not me
I've in case you feature doubt even for
karma I woulda just uploaded just that
Club and says karma anyway I'm covering
the ones that I hate okay make that face
let's just tell you today why cuz I want
you to so I wanna do it okay that's
pretty good maybe a little more evil
okay everybody take a look at this and
then take a look at this you did your
job
you've seen the Halloween reboot right
young Michael Mayer I do not you do yeah
you did no I don't have hurts
I do not look like that I'm bald the
picture all right you guys I don't know
you look like you look at young Michael
Myers
you look like Chucky when he's mad and
somehow sloth from the Goonies sloth
from the Goonies have you ever seen
sloth from the Goonies there we go I do
not look like that there we go I do not
look like that oh do it again babbles
yeah that's you you just hate to these
bitches grow back well that's gonna be a
printer day you guys thanks for watching
Bridget congratulations on your big news
what so that's gonna be it what what big
news the big news
Oh big news the movie role you just got
it and The Hills Have Eyes that's it
relax you got a couple of weeks without
eyebrows deal with it I'm ugly I saw
your beautiful come on with this you
know I don't think that eyebrows are not
you're beautiful okay honestly
let's get over all that really I mean
you do look like you from The Hills Have
Eyes but I love you come on let's chill
out so anyway I'm gonna get out here
thanks for watching you guys
food you need a bag if you want to look
at me
now come joking like subscribe favorite
hold on everything wow that's it it's
over forever
Oh
