what's going on you guys keep beyond the
hoodie here visualize here is it too
early for this shit yes today even 8:00
yet it is bright early and today I'm
going to the flea market with angry
grandpa but just take me to grandpa's
house we're going to the flea market
we're going to get some birthday dinner
for my sister because today is
Jennifer's birthday
hey birthday Jennifer happy but those
not the tone happy birthday Jenny that
was the town Oh what is today oh shit
what we need to get her a present we'll
just get cash cash who can't go wrong
with cash today is Sunday and today
there's gonna be a big prank hope you
guys are looking forward to it it's
gonna be great look any pain on Jennifer
I didn't tell you about no I'll take
that in a little bit so we got my prank
going on today on Jennifer Jennifer
don't resorbed oh happy birthday
what do you think no prank birthday this
is so funny if you've lived never told
me should I talk about the
mcjuggernuggets thing no no don't even
know no need to address out not sure did
that's the weirdo what so I'm just
waking up I'm taking them the sunrise
and I look over and I see the wrath of
yesterday still sitting over here this
this deer right here has been
decapitated
look at that you're gonna leave it like
this yeah oh god you should have leaned
up
virgin so we got if you didn't see the
vug we uploaded yesterday I tore up
these Christmas decorations they pissed
me off once in the trash can right there
it was just an angry experience it's
really weird right now that I actually
have on a hoodie I feel like a hat in
Moore hoodie in like two years
because Christmas last year was bullshit
so I was walking around Christmas Day
last year I was walking around in shorts
and a freaking shirt and like a short
sleeve shirt like yeah Christmas
I wasn't saying yeah cuz it's ugh you
know Here I am now freakin hoodie this
is actually good I'm happy yeah it feels
good it's like 45 maybe I can actually
make chili this year oh my god please do
chili I don't know why I don't know why
I do that
yes chili it is chilly anyway let's go
to grandpa's let's go to the flea market
Egham just hold it
JC grab the camera all internet use just
about a dumbass we didn't hold it yeah
how do you think it's gonna film over
that way
Oh anyway I'm keeping all that now
fucking oh we're sitting here in the car
with Grandpa me JC and Jennifer and I
had to clear something up even though
you guys probably already know it
because you've seen the video by now
with video the eyebrow video oh yeah I
said in the intro that Jennifer was
being friend but I had to say that to
throw Bridget off the scent
Bridget's being pranked we're shaving up
fucking eye of her house
Judi goodbye and you know what's even
funnier about it dad what we would do
she's in knew like she has to do it
where's you don't hey we need a plan B
what would plan TV and your job your
woman who has to be our eyebrows and
then then it's not a prank eating that's
not happening no we'll just tell her
listen Bridget if you don't do this
they're going to flip out and I can't
handle it yeah that'll work
you lie the fans yeah they'll be all
over you pretty you better do it that's
planned me and then we just snap and
like I don't talk to so bridget is
shaping her freaking eyebrows off today
you guys and you know what's even
funnier about it then what when we
actually do you spill coffee Ella be
damn self and then we actually do hit
three million subscribers she got to do
it again she got to do it twice oh Lord
I can't wait thanks little eyebrows on
well like mom did yeah anyway we're
going to the flea market Bridget's being
printed we are getting us some tacos
from a freaking food truck and burritos
I haven't won for a food truck in a
while I like food trucks
I haven't been one since VidCon I like
to have one a food truck yeah an anger
grandpa food truck it's good it's
delicious so you easier every weekend
there's not
yes a very little bit amount of sour
cream I want to make sure it was sour
cream perv
they're greedy hop hop mmm the green is
hot very then how hot is the red good
zombie
we're just do so crazy it's clearly sour
curry didn't just doesn't know what
things are and unsheltered
okay tell me Fatah J is how hot X Oh be
sweating already
which ones that the red remember an army
will call up an army you gotta come
running Jemmy will give Bridget one okay
so how are you been watching videos
actually my husband is addicted to oh
yeah they still are way older man you
guys are hot yeah we get out here get
over here man what you doing over there
are you on there good meter you gotta
give him one oh yeah you got yeah we
have about two cartons watch all that my
favorite one is uh Sambi oh yeah yeah
that's what we get a me that took a lot
of work dude that was a lot of work
already done enemy I know he's always
doing stupid stuff me you neither you
know you've written Paul John right now
Paul got
turn the camera I apologize they enjoy
it so they don't want my apologize I
never thought when we get through
I know you shouldn't stay up there like
oh my gosh I never thought we would even
hit 10,000 oh my god I'll kick you bitch
Wyatt come on let's do this thank you
stop shaking stop can we address this
how could anybody say when this friend
what's up boy hahahahaha really freak
come on Doug join in the fun oh you're
mad browbeat her yeah
Robbie ah don't laughing at me
Bridgette what's the one thing you do
when you're on the Internet just say it
No hey eyebrows Oh eyebrows ha ha ha ha
ha ha happy birthday to you
happy birthday
Mike I'm ready to go whoa look at those
things they are missing in action
what no there's something called Wonder
Bra we're all on the ground yeah we need
to just like drama with a marker or
something for I'm gonna hire a guy I
know I saw it I get it
daddy kick you yo yeah oh no no no I'm
ready to go we're staying for a little
bit come on let's go now we got to get
that French off the porch still so he'll
be a little bit yeah
what do you like it funny you guys are
pissing me off
where do we get through me you could do
it again I do yes you are doing again
you're doing it again
okay Hedberg birds are you like in this
Bridget we're getting a thumbnail I'm
always pointing at pretty ideal very hey
Jimmy get a chair right there no content
to begin the shot yeah everybody okay so
you like pissed at us what what's the
deal here the only reason I'm here
Jimmy's birthday you're still mad about
a prank
you're damn right how long was I mad at
you after you chased me up the street
dressed like the claps true I was fine
like two two hours later it's like it's
fine to prank everyone else but you and
that now you said you were unprintable I
wanted to see if it was true I was right
you should just reward me for that come
on don't do that no don't don't do that
Doug are you gonna help me move the
fridge have you seen dad's new French
blue ants on a log in grandpa's got a
new fridge Frigidaire oh I like it the
other one burned out so we got another
one
wow I like that I do like it a lot too
yeah yes I will it was really annoying
because Doug was being a hard-ass and
not talking to us what
dad didn't want to get her old fridge
from the garage either one away cuz your
dad wasn't answering oh my gosh so you
kind of owe it to me to have them move
that fridge yeah dad
and we're sorry please forgive okay yeah
I'm sorry for prented handshake good
come on shake hands Lisa I've shaved
your daughter's eyebrows off you know
you like that's part revenge no she's
gonna look at the Freak this is Mike oh
don't say that and hopefully you don't
have eyebrows for the anniversary don't
say that and when I told you the prank
Mazzoni so ugly this mine remember when
I told you the paint on your brow what
is that it's like like fake eyebrows is
going on here yeah no you're not getting
those that's that is a wheelchair for
the eyes and I will not accept it I like
your glasses
well this I can't see okay I just I
can't see but anyway the deal is anyway
was I talking about
I'm waving he's done I need help with
the dad just cover it
look at that Bridget nice job Doug took
your dad's all right he doesn't want we
can't talk about that the vote
he's wanna Michael cut the pump I mean
we'll say well these let's change the
subject he died doesn't wanna mention
the penguin isn't okay so we're sitting
here hold on we start over
we're sitting here with Doug right now
and he is building a little winter
wonderland
now Doug's looking at the dude look at
the penguin family did it no uh-oh she's
serious dear dad I don't know if I
messed it up but I was just really mad
earlier I tried to put together and I
might have messed it up but that I
really love the Penguins are door are
you like ignoring us I can't tell so
Bridget wants me to stand right here and
cover her face for the duration of this
fricking video she doesn't want to show
her but it's not that bad
it's horrible no it's not you don't have
a fever kind of move my hand now Yeah
right so
let me give you a tip though you might
not want to sit there make that angry
face why Ray J okay
this is the new you you don't have
eyebrows why are you why are you
freaking out it looked like a freak
Michael there's still two pieces you
missed in you refuses luckily I am so
ugly no you're beautiful don't you
fucking lie brush it you're beautiful
you're stunning
now if you love me you let me finish
this and this little piece you left what
else do you want for me I want the rest
of the eye box to me today
hey you prank I told you you had to get
pranked virgin okay and it had to be a
good one okay oh man why don't you
laughing because you look funny
so you pranked me I had to get you back
Clyde why'd you do that yeah why doesn't
recognize you project
who's that freak Titus me mama oh man
what was that no one touches his boy
let's do the outro well that's gonna be
up for today guys thanks for watching
today was Bridget prank I was gonna say
Jennifer's birthday but I had no god I
cannot freakin believe you did that
sorry so you pranked me all the time
I love yourself she's afraid I look so
stupid
great I'm so happy right now I got not
funny the best part is that three
million she has to do it again no man
are you know idle you promised everybody
at 3 million subscribers that's two
hundred thousand words I would do it
again
if these things grow back yeah if they
grow back then you don't have to do
again cuz they're gone forever yes
Michael I swear to you I don't think
they're going back you don't think that
I think there's like a dent where they
were he'll be shaky turn to the society
well you can't really tell that one who
like we're gonna caveman like Bridget
scribe list your head up favorite Oh me
I'm own everything Bridget I was
following everything and you'll see many
more in her eyebrows adventures
and that sign you back I'm sorry no you
are not sorry bitch
so your bitch ass sorry she is so cute
offense
