what's going on you guys get beyond the
camera here for to us here right there
and today oh my god isn't excited today
a Saturday and today he'll them I'm
trying to if you would stop tell them
today Shannon is gonna be getting a
whole bunch of Christmas shit oh my gosh
we're gonna be looking for Christmas
treats guys we only get Christmas trees
Christmas decorations Christmas shit
Christmas stuff Christmas garbage just
tons of Christmas crap wow I was so
excited oh my gosh she's so excited
she's so excited she's so you know
scared I wanted to make my say by the
Bell reference so anyway today's
Saturday and honestly the only thing
we're doing is getting ready for
Christmas
and I don't know what you have planned
oh my god I'm so excited I need to get
more Christmas candles
she's got all kinds of Christmas
bullshit planned like I'm totally
skipping the month of November in my
heart I'm really excited for Christmas
we always set up Christmas really early
so that's what this is
forget it no more intro let's go set up
Christmas oh my God look at this okay
lazy's fully ready for Christmas huh oh
my goodness gracious oh so my guys are
fizzing to leave until he has shoes and
I feet all bare
oh yeah his damn crown ah see this crown
yes it means I don't look for my own
shoes and it means I make the rules not
you I don't like to touch my crown Oh
give me that damn crown no you are not
damn king oh yeah I'm the king of kings
you're not King King Michael makes the
rule
he needs shoes to leave I don't know
where they are where did you put them
look I started off as a joke help me
find my shoes okay okay guys swear to
god this happens to
every time we have to leave dude he
won't leave until I dress him and put
his fucking shoe so that's a lie I've
been wear the shirt all morning now
where is my shoes
I don't know well what are you where you
had them last logins here cuz I'm not
coming no wasn't taking the crowd was
just put on top of the Hat
give me that damn criminal I wear the
cracks I'm kid we're at Lowe's right now
and the idea was to come here to get a
couple of things for the house to
decorate for Christmas and if you want
Bridget feel free to pan out and show
this budget
I feel like they need a truck drivers
license to operate this car you know me
like this don't feel right so we got a
buggy full of crap we're going hey no
more to get wait yeah we have a lot more
to go
Cindy just called her boyfriends who
would use this truck because we need to
get tree this is usually gonna get light
what's happening right now I'm starting
to hyperventilate
I saw a candy cane extension cord okay
we're blocking every what's happening I
don't know this is that okay Michael
look at this crazy freakin truck
look how benedict holy shit it is the
thinnest shit I've ever seen won't hurt
ya
holy crap you don't even need a special
license truck oh my god it is so weird
there's like a parade float oh that is
so strange on my face I'm making a weird
one Oh so
hey everybody good she just fell whoa
I'd skin Frank there's some stuff you
don't do so here I am we're actually in
a tree lot right now I'm gonna forest
can't tell isn't it crazy that all the
trees in the forests already pretty good
yeah it's a little strange so yeah this
one changes
yeah show everybody watch ready where G
is this do it when I do my yeah ready
I'm magic you are a man to go your
straight up magic
so we're think about this string it's so
tall but so we're thinking about this
tree let's go find it
t21
Oh what boy go the tree just can this
kind of bullshit it is not accepted I'm
sorry
Oh guys by the way we're in Home Depot
not not a tree well I think they
understood enough so Bridget had the
bright idea to get another one of these
phones and this one isn't shutting off I
tried the power I'm think we're just
ripping the whoa it shut up I will not
leave it be you that's good
I'm pissed off too you just know I'm
gonna flip out that's why there's matter
why we do the same thing to dad
you're trying to Michael you know I'm
close so stop pushing me this is smell
it should definitely this the room he
stakes you're doing it you're pushing oh
sorry I'm sorry but Michael babe I'm
fucking pissed - I really really wanted
to get that tree and they know they're
sold out they should probably take it
off I'm split how about that
I don't think were sold out the guy
seemed to me was real sketchy guy seemed
like he was saving it for himself
Michael come on keep that I wanted that
tree I can look online Christmas is over
without that tree is that an
overreaction maybe aren't care you got
shell out like ill don't film this we
can't upload it
Michael I will look online for the tree
but if not I'm choosing a second bad
guys I feel like to prank your ass
you're not doing shit to me Michael you
wait budget because fucking tree isn't
for sale you're filming me and my
downfall you know that right now I'm in
a bad state and I'm being a bitch and
you know pushing me to make me flip oh I
don't have film you're
bitchiness it's fucking hilarious
embarrassing that's why I walked out of
the room for the coat open don't act
like that
that's that La Bella help us the deer
here should they come out see you guys
join yone I got penguin - penguin well
this is very exciting we got a whole
bunch of Christmas stuff dude I know I'm
gonna quite oh Jesus
so we'll be trying to put this one
together in this one is just crap I
think it's like I don't know oh are you
still mad at me no you know it was bull
crap you just you just like to shit on
my Christmas spirit I didn't show you a
crisp birthday I was adding a Christmas
spirit yeah the tree I wanted I know
but babe it's okay it's not that big of
a deal just crap work I think that goes
on the head like here just somehow hey
hey yeah Michael can it be fixed make
just stop it stop it
try to fix it no maybe fix the one in
there it's alright put together
fix it please Sumbul okay
I'm pissed but we need that one at least
okay now it doesn't have a friend though
this is stupid you just make a stop
I know so this is what's left of it ah
oh God
we're thinking Oh
Bella thing's a death trap okay you guys
get away from it it's dangerous I
overreacted again sorry can I just talk
to the camera for just a minute
so Bridget there
I got it you know there are inanimate
objects right please you fuck this one
up this one was at least put together
let me ask you a question so we're on
the same page
yeah good smile because you know what
I'm asking you like I know they're not
real you know it's an inanimate object
you know that's not an actual friend
right none of their yeah you know that's
not a real friend and they can't talk
and that's not a real deer you you know
that please you're crushing my spirit
now let me crush this though know what I
keep doing it hello hey hold on bill my
foot stuck hello Bella hurt Bella what
the hell Christmas
no I don't even want to celebrate no
more take part in this you know you want
to win eh
good rip part at fuck Christmas sober
hockey Christmas Oh belly
it's all yours girl wait ain't done this
battle wants to partake in the Christmas
destruction she can't do it
can't do it girl did you get it Chris oh
you pissed off too girl
thanks belly you made my anger a little
bit better
hey girl I'm right there with you
ha you want a piece of that god they're
like zombies like I know it's just
notice me see if I can take from them
thank you can I have it
ok don't worry little fella
this thing is passed on from this earth
that's so sad don't worry Oh Bella
please Bella no Jesus what's going give
this thing the proper burial it deserves
oh my gosh Michael we are gathered here
today to say goodbye to this dear it
didn't have very long not with this
family rest in peace
can you believe that you have to wear a
hoodie out here right now I know like I
feel for you I'm fat I don't you know I
don't need me to and I'm freezing
yeah but I'm alright so you really I'm
fine
I love this weather so last year we
didn't really have a frickin winter like
at all I know it was so hot October
November Andy summer took a year-round
heat now humid as shit on Christmas Day
it may actually feel like Christmas you
guys it's for getting to look a lot like
Chris it might snow on Thanksgiving
Jennifer says it's gonna snow like all
the time in my snow Friday oh we like
snow Wednesday it's not gonna snow what
if it dies is so cool if it does it does
but it's not gonna whatever wishful
thinking but every amazing wasn't it of
course it would be only guys that I
could like build a snowman and their
snow balls at you thank you for saying
all the cliche things that people do a
snow induce no no I wouldn't do a snow
angel cuz that shit really is cold yeah
it is like I would do a snow angel by
the way I'm just looking like like a
square I know it look like a circle well
that's gonna be it for today guys thanks
for watching got some Christmas stuff
freaked out about it we still gotta hang
it I think we're gonna do all that
tomorrow put all that stuff together and
put it where it needs to go but as of
now we're done because I don't got a
Christmas tree not I embarrass myself I
admit it
are you dead and babe don't be mad but I
haven't checked yet check what Davin II
yeah hey Bridget it's fine I've already
embarrassed myself twice over a
Christmas tree so well get a good on my
promise I just really wanted to have it
tonight for the vlog I want to have a
thumbnail me in front of the tree oh why
the title think of my love's Christmas
no absolutely not people would hate that
so anyway you know I'm gonna get out of
here thanks for watching you guys
no Christmas tree maybe tomorrow
like/subscribe maybe pull on everything
John and that's it
I love you guys as so much I love you
more marry me you where Oh God
