oh my my coffee right now just let me do
my thang give it here Hey
oh don't even report it yeah that's
amazing
tell me how it's done huh how do you not
understand this how did that happen
am I the only one because you mad like
you're you getting like offended by
getting offended they what's going on
you guys kid behind the camera here is
here right there and today is Friday
budge Friday finds Friday fuck I want
fudge pile fudge brownies today it's
Friday today is Friday and if you didn't
notice yesterday you're still laughing
off that's Friday there's nothing funny
about that that was pretty funny
anyway if you didn't notice we didn't
upload a vlog yesterday and the reason
is simple we dyed lead that people were
asking us seriously because we missed
one day of uploading if we were dead Oh
boys finally dead
pickle boys finally dead that's the res
life no no the reason we didn't upload a
vlog yesterday it's because a tree fell
on the frickin power lines in this area
and everybody lost fricking power for
several friggin hours and then the
internet was gone I guess the smoke
alarm Bridget huh
we'll talk about that just a few minutes
bye bye Bridget so anyways the tree also
poem the internet ones we didn't have
any internet so anyway this is what you
missed yesterday so a couple of weeks
ago I told you guys to click like all
them on that Bridget I told you to click
like if you wanted to see us make the
alfredo pasta that Bridget made here we
go I'm moving over to this side of the
kitchen
Bridget chef bird excuse me
chef Bridget has some pasta to make
we're done
so once the good butter two spoons of
this garlic garlic cut you see spoons of
this yep in this pot right now she has
two cups of whipping cream 2 spoon calls
of garlic and melted butter now what now
I got to add so AM pepper and Oh what's
your hands it's a recipe
now what is this half Parmesan cheese
it's almost follows right to the goal
half of this half of this thing here our
farm well I got to get my chicken
started okay first I had a little olive
oil to a pan and then a bunch of cut-up
chicken whoa Wow to that I add a little
bit of garlic and herb and seasoning
salt cook
the chickens almost done sauteing so now
I'm going to add some frozen sweet peas
straight to it up that much oh shit
couple more and then I'll show you what
to do with that just a minute meanwhile
we got our noodles about a cycle on
tonight we're using rigatoni yeah
my favorite noodles okay so now we're
going to put this back under the heat
dude it's just the water underneath it
okay next step we'll just do the whole
thing explode don't scare me so I'm
adding the noodles to that I'm adding
the chicken and the folks are here I
have a chicken and the sweet peas Oh
spilling out all right don't lose none
of this hell no all you in there my baby
all right
and then just go to this stir oh my god
now a lot of these flavors come when it
sits so we're gonna let this rest yeah I
still got to make our homemade garlic
bread yeah so there we have a project
okay
YUM we let it rest is it good there we
go bada-bing bada-boom let it simmer
till it's cooked well it's doing so
wrong wait that was Wednesday night I
recorded that for Thursday's blog that
was actually cooking on Wednesday night
this is what you missed yesterday oh
this was the only thing this little
fucking thing keeps chirping it's so
annoying
I guess once the power safe with Bella
freaking out for I don't know it's like
hey anyway it's very annoying I'm gonna
figure out what's going on with this
thing why it's chirping white won't shut
the hell up Mike you better shut up
thing
I'm breaking up with you if Bridget's
filming in case I fall you'd have down
the stairs no is the chair crushing
under me
no come on bitch
wait it's a brand new battery yeah I
think testing it might work I mean it
should okay let's stay in here for a
minute okay let's see if we get anything
so Oh being up here I can see we need to
clean the dust off of the ceiling oh my
gosh how do we do that um a long duster
sheesh
so anyway oh there's nothing going on
I'm really just creating small talk
until I hear beep again I'm just
pretending to have something to say what
do you think if it be you something oh
shit okay we have any other batteries no
stop it's Michael oh shit stop it get
down get down
I'm trying Rajesh no what we're just
fucking take my goddamn hand chill stop
it why are you freaking out because you
could fucking die either way either way
you go you're gonna die was Wayne safe
oh I know how to fix up this is really
like a my dad's I'm not talking knives I
can't live like this I got to call home
maybe if it goes is now Doug we need you
okay when I'm reading says is that
smoking one yeah your smoke alarms trip
is chirping then it's a sign of carbon
monoxide filling the house
what yeah are you serious I do smell
carbon monoxide do you yeah one go I'm
going outside
calm down on one well where is it what
Michael stop on the ground joking
there's no carbon monoxide carbon
monoxide I'm going outside come right
behind you
what are you doing it I'll feel well
Michael stop it I'm going to have to get
out the way
look if you're gonna fall good you can
fuck yourself up fucking with you
hello did you calm down Bella please be
nicer I had to get away from the
charming of smoking mama oh you're so
cute
how's your bubble bath awesome turn up
turn the jet time yes I saw you funny
yeah you can't even see it
well gets time for me to get upwards
record if you want Jesus don't be a lot
easier this why'd you were close yeah
for the skit all this damn work for a
skit let me tell you something how much
work this was folks okay Bridget SAS
said I'm gonna go grab the camera that
was like a half hour ago
I was sitting in here fully clothed like
a half hour okay I'm sorry
yeah all that this that is so freaking
funny don't slut are you okay yes do I
look okay deep you want to get in the
shower I guess so
it'll be a bomb little snowman just get
in like that bed like this yep
holy crap this is so funny so
was it worth it no it wasn't oh my gosh
no for real now how the hell am I going
to clean bubbles those evaporate I don't
think that skit was worth it what I
don't even think that skip is worth it
the bubbles evaporate right I don't
think so
don't fumble the bat right how come
what's up how your lock then only a mini
stuff cover the lens yes that was me
sitting in a bathtub filled with soap
now then that was so funny extra credit
for anybody that can Photoshop me
looking like I'm sitting in a thing of
mashed potatoes oh my god Photoshop that
picture we're like gravy and chick
whatever you want to do oh my send it
send it to us on Twitter Pippa boy on
Thanksgiving yes so anyway forget all
this now that you've seen this like
intro is like like lady dallona cuz all
that footage yeah this is like a I don't
know let's get this pledge Friday
started oh I have a show them the
bathroom - this is crazy
one of the things you guys missed
yesterday which was the highlight of
bridges day we had no power and this
chick was decorating the bathroom to be
more Christmas like so let's go check
out the one room of the house that's
Christmas that smoke alarm version so
this is I'm not even done yet
good ass dude for cute Christmas Matt's
Christmas Matt towels snow it's really
cute and it'll tell that did you really
have to clean the toilet like a filthy
toilet um oh the one whoa why is it
gonna be nice for next to the freakin
toilet that's obviously for years if
your furnace you
therefore those temperature I know yeah
I did not put Neosporin on pimples on
then what is it therefore you're burnt
asshole no all right you guys it's time
for Russell Craig so I haven't gotten
Russell Craig a while I feel like you
been yeah oh my gosh what we stood in
order horror block we miss October
dammit oh man so put the shrimp aside oh
man cool right away we get the figure
toy company AJ Styles toy it's kind of
like that I want I got of Kevin Owens
that is so cool
I don't think I'm gonna open it these
things are worth collecting so yeah
that's cool AJ so he's got a hold on
he's got a jacket and subculture nerve
oh there's not that much in here today
maybe the figure cost a lot of money so
a coaster Dean Ambrose
cool and a Russell crate exclusive lapel
pin steel chair cool what was all that
now it's just a shirt small box but I do
like it
is this an AJ style shirt I'll pull up
Michael yes there's an AJ Styles
phenomenal shirt that is so colorful
nominal you really are anyway short
little box but Russell crate whoa that
was cool magic I can't say character
pokomoko whoa that was a full magic you
got buddy they were stuck help them out
honey
oh my gosh oh my gosh hey you okay yeah
you made a big mistake right guys oh my
going hard haha so you know how you want
to get the Christmas tree like really
soon yeah like how soon are you talking
today
yeah anyway you really want the Bridget
really wants to get a Christmas tree you
guys I got the perfect one whoa what are
you ain't I
I kind of like it so it'll fit right we
got that tall real honestly soft fluffy
enough this one over here this is a
beauty I mean I like it this even has
red berries yeah I like the berries and
stuff but it's not a Christmas tree um
yeah it is what do you guys think should
we make this our official Christmas tree
is this one so babe this one's like
dying why is it leave me because of the
hurt oh he blew this fucking thing over
yeah holy shit it's a bourbon I don't
even know how to get it fixed
holy crap okay seriously joking aside
how do we fix this tree do we gotta is
there a way to fix it put it back on the
ground or do we just gotta have it
ripped out oh my gosh if it's ripped out
it has to be replaced I love it here
come help me here grab this that's
enough speaking of when are we giving
our first Christmas Michael I think we
need to do that today or tomorrow today
yes let's do it tomorrow
I went to months of Christmas yeah I
agree with you I wanted Christmas tree
up too but I just want to leave the
house today hey gray okay Anna's really
windy so nobody can hear us out here oh
my gosh let's go in oh my gosh Michael
there's fire ants on Oh
there's fire ants all over you okay come
on go on you guys whoa
oh my god see you god I just looked over
at all Felix asleep you like never does
love I know this is cute
yeah we're looking at you oh hey Bill oh
my god
okay whoa that's a little let's not do
that okay girl penis is like go ahead I
like it
no I gotta show you guys this is
ridiculous Bridget okay she has gone
overboard oh no um my grandmother got me
that why would she think you would like
this so is everyone what it does
probably guys me rip that off so you
don't get spoiled early so this is the
new placemat Bridget wants a place in
our home okay this is it you this
endorse it you ready
well I guess you're not magical in the
hell are you guys first-person mode
right here you'll be shitting me
my grandma is a Shannon okay
I'm done with it Bridget's grandma is a
Shannon so next time you see her say hey
grandma Shannon oh we're split
definitely well you're probably
wondering what kind of mess we made in
the kitchen making all that pasta and
stuff on Wednesday fatherland well
Wednesday and what we ate last night
because there was no power
you're probably wondering you want to
know because we clean the kitchen
spotless but I will show you what it
looks like oh gee oh Jesus it's
embarrassing like oh why are we so gross
we are disgusting we're pretty nasty
today today this is days ago we started
being real nasty on Wednesday click like
if you're really excited for that prank
I'm gonna poem Bridget soon what did you
think that wasn't happening it's not
it's not as it is click like you're
super excited I'm gonna be aware you
can't do it you'll see well that's gonna
be it for today guys thanks for watching
we're starting to get our Christmas on
oh my gosh Michael won't admit it but he
wants Christmas in this house for two
months I'm very excited for Christmas oh
my gosh me too
I'm not the only one I see people
posting their trees on Twitter we're not
the only one we like totally forget
about Thanksgiving we basically have two
Christmas dinners very soon what
Thanksgiving rocks Thanksgiving is
awesome but the places I'm not gonna say
don't you talk about thanks no I'm just
saying turkey mashed potatoes don't talk
about it it pleases usually decked out
for Christmas that's true anyway I'm
gonna get out of here thanks for
watching you guys remember click like if
you're really excited for me to prank
brentd no don't think that
please do that so anyway I want to get
out of here thanks for watching you guys
sorry we missed yesterday but it's the
cable company's Fault in the power
companies for somehow bridges and
somehow I'm gonna throw you in there did
I think it was you I think you actually
called and canceled our service right
like subscribe favorite hold on
everything for to us and that's it I
love you guys so much I love you guys
wait I got this I missed you
I miss you more I miss that one I love
you guys I love them remarry me to marry
my sanity
you
