what's going on you guys Kibby on a
camera here and today I wanted to do an
intro before the intro to explain some
things you're going to hear because it
may get confusing because it doesn't
really make sense because I keep talking
about it being a second upload and the
second video I uploaded and the reason
I'm saying it is because this video was
supposed to be yesterday second upload
and the reason I didn't upload it
yesterday is because YouTube was totally
broken
it wasn't sending videos at the sub
boxes and then it wasn't even processing
so I wasn't able to upload this video
yesterday so let's just get this video
started
I got pranked it's not a double upload
but smack that like button if you do
want double uploads I was trying to do
it for you yesterday but YouTube just
wasn't really working so let's get this
blog started what's going on you guys
get behind the camera he oh fuck
are you okay yes what is going on
Bridget I realized I wanted to say Kip
you have a camera here again and I stop
myself hold of what making fun of me
like that you scared me
what's going on you guy Persia it's an
accident hold on whoa hey okay what
getting camera here today you'll stop it
what dude are you okay Bridget I'm
trying to vlog if you'll let me today
Monday Tuesday tomorrow okay yeah even
camera messing with you yeah brick stop
okay what's going on you guys keep your
eye to Kim Michael come on going on it's
a easier mess with look at you well your
help I don't mess with your house stop
it Michael
not funny what's going on you guys get
behind the camera here again this is my
second upload today and if you haven't
seen the video uploaded earlier which
you probably have it because YouTube was
freaking broke in the past few days it's
been insane like so broke a lot of
people aren't getting my notifications I
started getting people tweeting me like
hey why have you uploaded in two days
and I'm like hey I have so it's like
YouTube's broken
I haven't even getting my been getting
my own notification so if you haven't
seen it check it out I uploaded the
Halloween video with angry grandpa was a
good time and we embarrassed ourselves
at one point I really wish you would
have like cut that out because yeah it's
one of the most embarrassing parts I've
ever felt hurry hurry okay I got me hold
my camera during the shit I'm out of
here and my cool stop it stop it no I'm
fucking with you promise stop let's get
the day started
you guys there was a really embarrassing
part in the vlog yesterday we were just
talking about in a minute ago it was so
embarrassing
that I had a nightmare about it
seriously this is what it was
seriously that's what it's like if you
didn't notice Bridget and my faces are
blurred out because we didn't want to be
associated with yeah I'm gonna just
pretend that never happened
hello it's like we're not that kind of
family but oh let's all smile together
without you see what if what if we're
the odd ones out what if your family
really is like that oh my god could you
imagine what the hell they would before
I go over to Dad's house he's like super
in a good mood I love my family hey Dad
my life I don't know what it does want
to play they were working with a black
cloud that grooms everybody's - I hate
it okay I can see that we are the black
sheep dad hated it - I was like hey was
drill Jennifer wants us all to pose for
a thing oh you know it's like you said
that but I watched the vlog and I think
your dad initiated that no it was before
I started recording okay none of us
really like I think Jennifer's the only
one who likes Brody very like Oh
something kind of creepy what I saw
somebody looking through a window
earlier what yeah which one that are you
serious yeah I mean not like now but
when I woke up I saw someone looking are
you serious where I can't even pick me
out I don't know he seemed a little tall
he had like reddish brown hair looking
through the window yeah this or this
that okay I'm done with it I mean I saw
shadow and then I kind of opened it I
saw Malone okay call the cops
well it's just scared to me so didn't
really go outside today to drink coffee
I didn't want to tell you because I'll
call on a security company tomorrow
forget this shit I agree we should
probably do that
that scares me excuse me - that scares
the hell out of dad - what do you got
the whole idea for the obsessed fan I
know well babe called I don't blame you
I think your show but why don't film
this why are we using the neosporin been
useful I told you in the room number one
is for my nose I have a sore in it
number two I cut that scene out of the
dream sequence we're not using it it's
out um yeah we are no we're not it's cut
it's gone well here it is it's a
nightmare
you got it yeah I got it but I have a
question why is there neosporin next to
your side of the bedroom what
why is there neosporin there isn't yeah
there is why are you showing this okay I
have a sore in my nose yeah I'm sure
you're gonna tell it I just heard it
that's what it is I'm sure it is stop
you know that's what it is it's probably
a burn asshole right no what is it okay
sir yes why would I that's ridiculous
well babe there's enough stuff here that
could burn your asshole Claud are you
gonna sit down mind her do this to me oh
I come in here to do a little funny
sketch of you waking up from a nightmare
Clyde what do you think about all those
I'm not using it in the barn yeah you
are no no no no out of it this is for my
nose folks okay I have no burnt asshole
yes sir babe about to have one though
what what yeah what you ass on fire you
are not doing that what are there a
lighter next to your bed I don't know
Bridget okay what the hell I got freakin
this law your shit okay we're going to
talk about it in a boil on your thigh
pussy is born on it
no no like a cigarette after sex that I
did um I don't smoke in the house you
liar and then what's enjoyable I don't
have an answer for it I had to throw
something in - I've never had no boils
somewhat don't talk on wolf clients
enough we'll rename into sugar sugar
this is white and sweet
oh oh god that's also a Shannon mama
we had another one Bridget oh yeah do it
again
oh my gosh baby king of the garage me I
have to get my Christmas stuff what I
need help with my Christmas boxes first
thing Oh
November 1st why are we getting
Christmas stuff are you wanting to talk
you want to go tree shopping today
Oh tell people that number 2 I know what
you're doing what movie I'm not watch
this eurisk izing a house chore under
the guidance that's going to be in a
vlog so I'll do it thinking I'm not
gonna argue on camera about it that's
correct
help I'm not gonna do it come on I won't
do it the world going with Bella do you
think if she's trustworthy unlike the
other dogs who will run off come on girl
we're getting Christmas stuff Santa Paws
is coming oh my gosh
Bella wait you offer Christmas she wants
a stocking filled with cheeseburgers Oh
where are you going Ross uh
it's on the plows so this garage has
anybody seen this running up Richard no
oh are you guys need help what could you
do that I can't
well it was nice having a garage Michael
it doesn't go out that way
push in what push in
it has to go up it push the other way
you know we're getting why did no one
else you're doing to you're pretending
like you got films you don't care enough
I have to film babe there's a fourth box
in there
what there's another box I don't forget
it then Michael please I'm not your
bitch okay Michael it's heavy I'm so
slinger let me get the other box then
damn what's going on you guys so right
now Michaels in the shower and earlier
today I was trying to scare Michael into
thinking I saw someone looking through
the window well I'm gonna prank him with
this I found it and I've been saving it
for the perfect time and I know Michael
isn't going to expect it because it is
now November first
oh my gosh oh my god that is so scary
holy crap oh my goodness okay guys no I
need to get the doorbell because for
some reason it works everywhere in the
house oh god I don't you are Oh watch it
Hey Oh what
get it
no one's here this shit again check the
other door
what duck Clyde's parking anyone yeah
very serious there's somebody there the
cops I don't know anything
Devils out there dude oh my god oh yeah
what's up bro
bring them in Michael I explained sorry
give me a hug commercial school babe I'm
sorry yeah oh my god
don't cry oh yeah I'm sorry what is this
fucking thing ah it's like a creeper
thing I forget the name oh my oh I'm
sorry babe
I am I'm sorry I knew you would not
expect it on November 1st I had to do it
I had to I'm sorry dude I can't Jamie I
have this window and show what it looks
like okay
oh my god oh my braking perfect dude
holy shit yeah who's ringing the
doorbell yes
it comes oh okay so this was in the vlog
but I don't get it what is this this is
the doorbell but it's right here yeah
what is that it's like I guess Wireless
are you serious yeah then come on even
last night was you yeah like I was
editing the vlog like what the fuck is
she doing what dude please stop you're
getting it no could you get it down I'm
scared of looking at it creepy get it
off of my window let me get in some now
what kind of thumb come on I need a
thumbnail for this one what do you need
just like I don't know be scared of it
maybe hey I just um
shut the door cause the neighbors gonna
hear this what do you need maybe um we
can't see that with him Rob that I can
now mm-hmm
so what am i doing I don't like looking
at the fucking thing like so real looks
like as a person look in the window it
was discontinued in Canada what did it
was so scary
what do you want me to do I don't know
look scared
is this open I don't know it does you
gotta mess with it though
oh okay how's this whoa
well that's gonna be a Federer do guys
thanks for watching I'm really
embarrassed babe I am so sorry I'm
really something apology rejected so
give me a kiss you're getting pranked so
you know this month you know it's like I
tell you I'm gonna prank you you don't
want to get pranked and you immediately
like thank me no dude that I honestly I
think this might be your best prank it
was scarier than Chucky it was here it
was terrifying I'm sorry babe I'm really
sorry
so anyway click like if you want more
double uploads and we'll do more than a
god second upload today click like if
you want more I can't I can't believe
you almost cried I almost I did I didn't
almost crying almost cries whatever
that's gonna be a for today you guys
like subscribe favorite fall on
everything which it was and that's it
Michael what is that what what is this
come on how did that scare you babe oh
I'm sorry really I am okay love you
