what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here for jaws here right there
and today I took a Halloween shower
today Joe said after this part today is
Halloween well technically it's not
Halloween you're watching this on
November 1st so it's not Halloween um
today is Tuesdays tomorrow Tuesday yes
Foskey today is Tuesday and today is
November the first
hello November first however I got to
stop what I'm doing because the vlog is
called Halloween and it's gonna shut
today's Halloween uh look forget all
that today is Halloween well half of the
vlog is on Halloween and the other half
is going to be on November 1st so today
is Halloween and tomorrow is November
1st yeah and I'm you know I'm really
excited about November Halloween was a
good month but now it's over now it's
time for Christmas movies Thanksgiving
meals Thanksgiving Thanksgivings this
month bullshit that's when we break up
yeah oh I love this one okay remember
last year guys I cried like all day okay
I don't think Michael can talk last I
can't do this anymore can we do the
intro let's get today started I'm done
with you love you too oh you said you
were done we're done I love you
he'll enter scare poundings come on
daddy is some chilli 3 years+ dogs can
have chocolate
what oh my god what is that
Mela harder to get you girl see okay
someone's here obviously hello
there's nobody here dude
there's nobody here Michael it's
obviously a freaking Halloween ghost I'm
starting to get scared lock the door
Frank
this is weird oh my god this is weird
dude I'm serious what what the fuck is
going on break I don't know it's not
funny the fucking things wired all
fucked up
what okay dude this is too much what is
maybe he's covering the other door how
would they get to it no don't go outside
what
okay it's Halloween night and I realize
didn't feel much for Halloween but it's
been hectic I had to get the video what
were we prank Doug and the boys went
trick-or-treating and they just stopped
here and look at everyone's all dragged
well everybody else Jason was still
dressed up so we need a joker
what is that brought me Donald hmm what
is that candy thanks your candy bag okay
grab this clear gonna Bridget let me
film it he's away from the Joker to
Ronald McDonald and have a second am i
right why don't you bring a big double
baggage your back I had the boys okay so
Johnny has this I saw him with something
you're the only one with nothing that's
my green bag
he went with he just chose a McDonald
you serious it's Ronald McDonald he left
the bag out at home uh that's what
happens wrong that's my god oh oh oh
Jimmy's old Darth Vader over here wait a
minute Jimmy was Darth Vader's real name
oh yeah the kid knows a lot of HUF Star
Wars well we're good singer sometimes
Star Wars quickly Washington's like
three or four times a day are you
serious yeah Wow but every episode he
starts from the getting to the end well
you guys have a good Halloween yeah I
know we're meeting Papa pizza yeah one
day I read the letter Ronald McDonald
inside a competitive restaurant
we're going to find out it let you say
get it off you can wear your Ronald
McDonald outfit or Joker so dangerous
give it alone
Jose Davis is deranged your mom can't
read so right now
JC's actually mad not about the Joker
sup thank God some girlfriend problems
he's having and he's being on me now why
you being so mean Emily what hope now
Jamie alright hello sniggers go back to
Josh yeah you have like the Joker when
you're hungry or Ronald McDonald I'm
still I'm still out about that Oh
Jennifer okay this is the beginning of a
very bad road I don't think we want to
go down it oh he's going silent oh I
hate going on me what is your name
wait what is that fake yeah it is it's a
toy knife Wow
okay are we worried or are we worried at
what's going on there I'm up all right
come on Mikey yeah I'll be your doctor
Loomis well we just got to pizza and I'm
a grandpa and Lauren how you guys doing
we fine hey you could happen to join us
for pizza you're talking to you what
okay you're right he's never gonna stop
being so angry
nope so
dad you got money you want to bear stuff
for you girlfriend
I thought you'd there's your tree Oh
oh my gosh I guess my Kumar's Long
Island edge Michael Martin smiling ha ha
ha
he likes Pizza Hut all right let's get
in there hey Ronald washes me know what
they could have done all those Halloween
movies there yeah do any peanut yeah
then my garage would have been so angry
maybe Laurie Strode work sir and get him
the family discount let's go eat your
hot movie let's go everybody you were
your pizza oh hey Michelle everybody
that can sit down there dad favorite
getting free
yeah that's my favorite what's your
favorite what's da flavors last words
so we need to see his eyes I think he
says take off my mask so I could see
with my own eyes because he see just for
the visitors that match this kid he's
gonna take huge family he knows more
about Star Wars an idea he's telling me
about Darth Vader killed what likes and
animals and some dogs Sam kids Wow
so it's your favorite thing in the world
I got to get him on the Harry Potter
well we're almost done we're gonna be
leaving soon headphone - Jimmy okay had
a good time Oh
I'm telling you guys we're heading down
the road here how is your of itza don't
you leave it on you have when I look
into his eyes I saw the darkest eyes
Devils eyes I've got the bill I got no
I've got this I got we've already given
her the phone I've got a bill I'm paying
at this time no you paid every goddamn
time we go Ritchie would you give the
car to Matt no dad you're not paid you
do whatever dummy got envelope sound
somebody looks good we've already given
her to her she took a learning sign we
are leaving
I'm still me could you so dad had made a
big deal that he was gonna pay I was
gonna pay well we already paid not a
pair of you to pay all the time well you
know I like doing it I want I really
wanted to pay because the waiters are so
good I want to leave 100 euro what what
I left 100% we always leave 1% up
especially if they're great god damn
I'll either be their waitress bill was
$108 we left $108 bitch really yes yes
we did we always do they do thank you
thank you
hey Michael went over went down to build
like 200 something bucks and Michael
gave equator 200 something bucks it was
a mister ah I'm sorry there must be a
mistake in my said one mistake you a
good waiter look they work for those
tips absolutely out there you know you
Deming you done that gonna work so I
don't know how many people know this but
this is actually a yearly tradition for
us every year blasts 30 years well I
wasn't alive 30 years ago but I can't
vouch for that but so ever I know all my
childhood after hydral trick-or-treating
we come to Pizza Hut
should they be tired man when we just
didn't have the money to go but I come I
know that I come up with it I'm so blood
I remember those days a week let me I
don't think people realize how little we
grew up with look at man I used to go
every other week sell blood
and just feed y'all it was rough mama
wasn't working poor kids you have like
three jobs dude I had three jobs I
worked three jobs support y'all get that
a long time well I'm glad we can keep
the tradition alive that's God weren't
anywhere I'm going on what still
continue that's why so Jamie in the car
well let's not talk like that yeah we're
gonna do it every year though but if you
you're the one go pick the pillow
remember at one Halloween we're on the
back of the truck oh yeah no hard as
we're talking about oh my good merit ill
I thought it was jab you hooded people
we're in the back of the tribe there's
no cover on the truck dad farts in the
bed of the truck we smell it in the back
of the truck on the highway do it 45
Matt Oh remember you got mad at you she
waited I waited yeah I wanted a trade
like a Hershey bar four pack of dots
that year and our cousin got mad so I
slung the bag up the street and car cuz
we've had from Halloween's that we yeah
we well October's over now we're moving
into November yep that's my covenants be
done his compliments to the chef
whoa I know let's get out of here that's
a pepperoni that's some sausage oh my
god that's that supreme ha
yes Michael get in the car ah what the
hell
okay Darth Meyers I guess a dad wants me
to say from our family to yours that's
humiliating
so from our family I messed it up
alright boy the goddamn bar okay hurry
on hurry okay happy hour
I got me home on camera during the shit
I'm out of here
that's embarrassing what's up getting my
gum I can't believe it's already
November first I know
and guess where you're standing where
we're putting the Christmas tree it's
Christmas tree mom's yeah November 1st
you guys right here absolutely as Dennis
targets those Christmas trees I am
buying one that day I gotta stop right
now to dry something that's been sitting
with me all night
I woke up in a dead sleep from a
nightmare with it let me guess
go ahead is it is it that stupid Shannon
and happy Halloween big oh my god I
kinda want you to cut out the vlog
because no not that type of family no of
course we're not dude dad it's almost
nasty
dad didn't want to do it we didn't want
to do it Jennifer for some reason like
let's get a big happy family ending we
were all against it but I said you know
what it'll be funny let's do it
we did it and I regret it it's nasty
man's like dirty to wash I know it's
like watching the different they're like
can you just blur me out so this is
luckily I'm there I do not wanna be a
part of that you consider the scene
blurred with you okay we're good I think
I might bore me as well blame yourself
both of us are gonna be bored well
everybody has passed up a little moment
because that wasn't there if you're
wondering why a minute ago Bridget and I
had blurred faces cuz we don't want to
be involved with that and Dad you didn't
either but I kept you on glory so well
that's gonna be it for today guys thanks
for watching you imagine the people that
were staring at us
Bridget I don't want to talk about that
anymore yeah serious I saw people at the
door Pete's had going
I'm literally that embarrass drop it
just that's gonna be a very odd yeah
it's gonna be it for today you guys
thanks for watching it's November 1st
we're just getting pranked this no I'm
not yes you are but uh anniversary is
this month
maybe I'll break up with you for it oh
okay that's a joke obviously thanks for
watching you guys does that your oh god
like bitch again subscribe favorite
follow me on everything this is what
happens when you skip a part follow me
on everything and happy Halloween it's
over this is I don't wanna be a family
anymore
I don't either like I don't like family
we're joking
