what's going on you guys kid be on a
camera here for joy see ya right there
and today we're pranking her pop come on
that's my line you just say a Sunday you
say it's sundown she's cool stuff today
is Sunday and today we're pranking
grandpa
today we're pranking angry grandpa
because tomorrow is Halloween
and it's the last day that I had to
scare him and you absolutely 100%
deserve to get your revenge on him for
the clown video yeah I deserve revenge
and I know that absolutely and I'm going
to get revenge to all parties involved
in pranking it wasn't a part of it I'm
pranking people for getting me on that
clown prank us I embarrassed myself to
the tune of 10 million views on face can
you just tell them once more you're
asking for it go ahead look at it ha I
feel good about this I feel really good
we're gonna prank racewalking and not
work that is the honest question listen
step one is me step two is me and step
three dummy
how you feeling Doug good oh yeah are
you excited definitely you know what to
do oh yeah and nobody's flipping it on
me yeah no I wouldn't do no we wouldn't
do that
I promise that this gets flipped on me
I'm taking the camera I'm smashing it a
bunch of time I was that why would I do
that this is such a good idea
Doug you know the plan another plan so
like I said we're not going to tell you
guys what we're doing but we do have
some steps to take before we go and
prank grandpa number one flip a little
Michael no that's it I believe you I'm
taking the memory card out and snapping
it is I'm not doing that man
anger grandpa you get he's getting prank
right getting prank
step one is getting the chain off of
that chainsaw yes would you prefer it
being one I would prefer to be on okay
well I don't really want to cut dad's
head off today really like
you're not really a serial killer oh you
know that right and you don't take ok we
don't have much time
Doug's outside getting a chance already
we are not pranking grandpa tonight
the number the main reason I'm not
pranking dad is because his knee is
really bothering him and I didn't want
to do anything not to mention he kind of
knew I was gonna prank him and I was
done I was like hey let me bring over
the PlayStation VR that was a cool weird
shit about so he kind of knew something
was playing so I was like fuck it let's
just flip it dad was like who's pretty
Duke so dad's got an idea to have a
heart attack
oh my god where is he did this so Doug
when to the store for our weddings buy
coke diet coke he loves diet coke that
sounds fishy to me but he loves diet
coke let me tell you something we're
currently out let me tell you something
is I'm getting frickin freaked out if
you guys what are you gonna do what the
hell is wrong with you kidding are you
guys sisters no we're not flipping it
are you you will not be able to live
with yourself if you're flipping this
I'm not it's time for you to help us
yeah it's time for me to not get pranked
yeah I heard of it
I know now let me just throw the k in
case you are planning a flipping this
prank against me let me throw in some
words for you to go okay maybe we should
prank Doug and you can be honest with me
okay your dad thinks he can't be pranked
hmm he was obnoxious about it he says no
are you worrying about nothing never we
got to do something okay you're right
that means I won't flip at this time and
I'm just kidding are you flipping a know
my dad flipping no nobody's fooling
nothing nobody is flipping anything I
totally agree we need to try to pranks
up okay I thought it was him don't scare
me like you I thought it was him I heard
a car no I really do think we need to
prank him because what if he's parked
over there listening
oh I'm so glad Frank - he's my favorite
dad
told you the fucking he's not here you
get fucked up Doug fuck you he's my only
dad I know I understood what you did
there I'm really paranoid because I
don't know your dad says he's
unprintable so I don't know is he or
isn't he
well that's why we have to do this prank
because I think it'd work I really do
I'll tell you what's gonna suck it
doesn't work dude if it does all this
vlog means nothing if it didn't work I
know all of this is like useless we got
to put on our acting chops dude I'm not
a good actor yeah well guess what we're
gonna have to be otherwise she's gonna
know we're gonna be like hey Doug yeah
we're pranking grand dude actually we
both freaking suck we need to practice
I'm better than you go what am I saying
give me a line um I love you so much
Bridget I love you so much bye come on
give me something I'm not gonna fuck
around with that what did you lie about
come on
okay I'll be dad all right what's up
Doug I can't wait to do this and he's
gonna work I think it'll work
hey that was good okay try me are we
pranking grandpa tonight or tomorrow
we're definitely doing that tonight dad
the hell something's up with you you're
breaking me I knew it no no we're not
that's it
I'm killing somebody why dad stop I'm
holding a pocket I can cut your yeah Oh
God we're fucked
so what just occurred to me that all of
the vlogs that were filming right now is
actually going to be going up tomorrow
so if you're seeing this tomorrow please
have a happy and safe Halloween actually
this will probably up after Halloween so
I hope you had a happy Halloween and
scan your candy for razors I'm gonna
graduate from you - I'm being pickle boy
from YouTube for Halloween wear my
costume now I'm wearing mine too
sweatpants and anger grandpa's shirt I'm
pretty sure that whole razor blade on
the candy stuff is a myth but still do
it because I don't want people like Oh
pickle boy said was a myth sad so let's
scan for razor blades did you hear about
the clunkers I did I'm gonna tell you
something I'm really mad right now
I found out yesterday about something
from clown purge had i known about it
that's what my video would have been I
would have said fuck your dad and my dad
and had a clown purge on the both of
them I'm really mad right now and it's
too late to set it up you want to do a
clown purge to me I'm dumb tired of this
you're getting pranked now dude November
I promise you guys let me make a promise
to you right now there will be a prank
for Bridget and November I promise you
absolutely there is I don't care foot
down I don't care I promise you guys
click like if you want to prank -
Bridget in November and I mean a good
one that will humiliate her probably on
our anniversary click like it the idea -
sorry but hey Bridget the idea that I
have I don't care if you know I'll give
you the day won't matter you won't know
click like I'll prank her in November I
swear to god no ok so we get the
PlayStation VR we need Michael I have a
good idea or I have a good idea don't
pranking me is so stupid and boring
right so we should probably prank your
dad what November yeah
I see what you're doing what you are
trying to frickin flip it
no I'm on to it now I'm not I'm starting
to notice people in the comments have
warned me about this and I'm starting to
get wise to it when you feel like you're
getting pranked and you're getting back
into a corner you're like a rat and the
rest I can't I got out of this are you
out of this huh Michael that's not what
I'm doing it's just I have a really good
idea but I'm not gonna share that with
you if you're think I have a really good
idea already and it's probably better
than your idea so I'm getting dad in
November - can I help
yeah you can help but you're getting
pranked what is it what is your prank no
the prey good dad yeah I'm gonna be pink
well there goes that part of the vlog
you're cutting it out we're not telling
out loud because people will write him
dad uses Facebook and Twitter fine I'll
delete it right now too boring watching
videos look if one watches a bit of
talent
you're getting double pranked in
November for me you're getting the one
prank but you know what Michael I swear
to god you do not want to prank me I
always win I will always win what I'm
always pranked it doesn't matter
I've learned I've got on my end I've
learned I don't prank Bridget I get
Brant I prank Bridget I get pranked I'm
fucked either way your turn right go no
like like you guys I swear to God look
like a bunch of times
oh I can smash the bike button to your
finger hurts no I need to calm the fuck
down
cover the lips Oh the first thing done
is taking the chain
I'm talking about what was there we got
a while back - you got to be a toast I
don't mean literally a ghost I mean you
can't be seen at all he can't know
you're at the house okay
because he knows you at your house then
it's not going to work so you can't be
anywhere see how you gonna do that I
guess you can just sit in the car yeah
we can like we'll leave the windows down
okay I'll text you dad
okay yeah you give me down the street in
a matter is that okay yeah all right
well he can't be in the house it'll
spoil the whole party well obviously
Michael he's just trying to be difficult
too since he had no idea about his plans
right I'm not sure how good it went bad
maybe difficult Michael okay so here's
the idea who's let Doug be in the house
no and then they hit dad goes oh that's
Doug
looks like it's off to me Mikey
alright how are we sure because it's
right there
alright just man Bridget what cover the
lens up with your own name no make me
please
oh no don't touch that there's poison on
it
what yes right dad those red rag is a
brownie what is it seriously go wash
them
oh yeah oh my gosh Michael was it really
poison on that
no no what was it probably a little dirt
grease oh okay oh my god this is funny
hey did you get it off oh I can't sleep
roars oh it's acid dad said it was a
form of acid what's just sitting back
there for I don't know he has weird shit
in this truck what's this oh my god it
is bad okay you got to rub your hands
with vinegar I'll help you yeah baby I'm
kidding babe
it was nothing it was a joke Ashton
yeah okay we're filming a thumbnail
Oh guys I promise we're not flipping it
on you babe going babe yeah you are
no my my baby
