what's going on you guys get beyond the
camera here see ya get you from light
this is crazy
hold on what's going on you guys get
beyond a camera here I see ya right
there and today is Sunday and today
we're going over to grandpa's because
today we prank Doug what you're watching
now actually happened after the prank
and we pranked
Doug's as it was a huge backfire and I
almost felt kind of bad about it he's
really pissed off he's not talking to us
that's gonna be in just a few minutes I
don't want to talk about it I'm gonna
talk as of now as if it hadn't happened
yet so we're gonna prank Doug today yeah
so look you guys gonna see that video
tomorrow's could be an upload of
Halloween literally insane guys it's a
literally crazy Doug said he's
unprintable today I proved that was a
myth yeah I know
guys we had to go outside of the box
because he's he's in prank of all he was
on pranking when this camera is dying
right now can you believe it no yep
freakin way two batteries we went
through tonight folks
I'm pissed really mad I'm just gonna go
to bed let's get this Sunday started
we're going to Grandpa's house in just a
second there's some Sunday started
already happened style it yeah well I'm
with Grandpa right now and we just got
Doug we got him good can you laughs oh
man I feel kind of bad but I don't be so
fine I don't feel if you're bad I don't
building it's like Doug is all cool
bhaskar beautiful first pray I feel bad
well you did any job in univille I never
have done with you Burgess in with all
of us man so let me ask you that on a
scale of 1-10 how happy are you bring
the can hires a better question how even
have fun you may have a Lauren can a 10
yeah I'll bet you have a fun ask her did
you have to buy any spray Lorne dad's
things on the bedroom like every night
out of Eva she sleep on the couch right
that's Italy it's not like
or was the name is spray John oh my damn
sure gonna have a mountain fresh
smelling fresh you will rot but the best
one is ozium that works a bit
okay this outta control she knows all
smells the best way of mask it oh my god
I knew with you later look so well we
surprised you with Lauren the other day
geez here for a little bit so how you
feeling about that
I'm happy you don't seem happy let me
tell you then go home and I will be I
called you earlier
and you told me to go fuck myself
because I would you coming over here
busy we had a break did you told me you
wanted to bring that I'm busy you came
up with this idea then can you go over
to late at night you do realize that
you're gonna have to freaking take her
out to like the movies or something
I took an ID last night name one nice
restaurant burning I saw your face books
that I went broke in when I got that
Cupid kill whoppers he didn't even
spring for your own meal hey oh hey she
broke my wound oh my god she's a 30 year
old woman you're gonna hang on the
thirty is a phrase 30 what she's in
earth ever say it's a thirty year woman
you don't call a 35 year old one a 30
year old woman I'm saying she's in her
30s you have to take her out places I
did yeah show me your need dad was
trying to dance with her Germany
oh my god I wonder if dad's just got
like like carpet burn on his knee
dude how did you do that oh my god dude
the dance floor looks hole cut that
looks like Hocus prosthetic hip should
vote to twirl and I went down Jesus see
oh my gosh all right Lauren you got to
go he's falling and dance then she's out
dad she's like she's going home not you
okay
get your head back over here holy shit
what a shaky legs
what are you Tom Perez please Laura the
second he asked you to get into a cage
don't do it sit down please
I'm being nice whoa God you're you're
like a day away from maybe putting the
dog kennel back stay back you leave when
he says you can't I'm gonna get this for
you wish wish says nothing fresh Freeza
you're right or wrong
well dad has the colon of a 20 year old
oh my gosh we could be no joke we're
gonna do canidate look over nothing this
was like a mountain covered shit but
it's all right here this way oh oh this
is bad dude angry grandpa stinks let's
make my smog and I'm gonna do the
thumbnail bitch
haha wait wait you stop the car stop the
car what stop the car back up and shine
your light on the trash go wait let me
get out first you kill me Bridget I
gotta see this
try you light on the trash can look the
Santa outfit oh good hey you leaving
what are you doing
listen I'll shuttle look you were right
dude you know Bridget I'm sorry so uh we
were leaving and I looked in the trash
can and all I see is that freakin Santa
so we're on our way home right now
bridge had been trying to call her dad
he is not answering I think he hates you
doesn't hate me
we're gonna have to apologize somehow
did he text you
what's going on hang on I'm trying to
call
hello hello dad
it's what you want hey come on eat you
have to forgive us ah no I know why are
you so pissed off Doug please forgive us
there's just certain things that you
don't do I'm sorry but we pranked you we
had to do something crazy because lady
see yeah you said you were unprintable
Doug you're not a gullible person so we
have to like really think outside the
box
well I had to go evil for this one and
this medieval
what Wow yeah he hung up so gosh doug is
furious he doesn't want to talk to any
of us I'm surprised the answer to be
honest with you so we are on our way
home right now I'm not gonna see him
tomorrow
what we're gonna see in tomorrow for
Halloween great he had he's supposed to
unclog our freaking the bathroom oh my
god our bathtub is clogged he's gonna
fix it now I got a do it and you clogged
the upstairs bathroom with your giant
fuck man don't talk about that okay Doug
we need you bridging your dad just
texted you know what Jim it keeps going
off ya know what no point I do not
forgive you he says oh my god just that
one just came in your dad is so pissed
dude honestly I think you wanted to cry
it wasn't that bad was it like I didn't
think it was that bad but then again
we're so used to that shit guys I don't
know what's going on here no nothing
else Doug yeah we're sorry I'm sorry I
shit my pants when you scared me as a
clown I had to ride a car yeah I hear no
problems with that Doug just can't
handle the life of being in a prank
family oh no don't say that we're going
on you know he knows how to prank he
doesn't like it he knows that a prank he
just learned how to take one yeah
we're home right now and we just
finished doing the intro you actually
saw it at the beginning of the vlog but
we just did it since then Bridget has
talked to her dad I have and he's fast
he's already mad he's upset I don't
blame him it's not funny no don't you
say you don't blame him I'm always a I
shit in my pants I don't blame my dad it
sucks getting pranked it happens
we got listen you guys I'm sorry without
giving you all the information I'm not
gonna give you much ever because I want
you guys to be surprised tomorrow he
thought we were pranking grandpa and we
turned it around to prank him and I'll
be honest with you guys the whole time I
was expecting you to turn it on me
really I was like as I when's it
happening what are they gonna do
you know my real I'm really surprised we
all team together for once so ah we got
Doug's ass
it was super upset and he sped out of
the driveway and vowed to never come
back I think we're gonna have to
freaking do some Bach I'll see him again
we're got to do something to like
apologize I agree I feel bad
any ideas I don't have anything we
should have made new TV a TV CD your
dad's not materialistic we can't buy his
life is it materialistic but he could
use a new TV so even we can buy as like
affection I mean I don't think we could
buy him but he might forgive us quicker
let's find out well not tonight but
we're gonna find out soon we're gonna
trust if we can put this mask on Clyde
Clyde never sits in chairs
why hey hey hey buddy can I put the skin
flap when your fingers closed a
Halloween Ball to hug oh my gosh
Clyde oh dude hey baby
hey boy that's our mask hey hey it's
gone dude Clyde Oh
oh my god ring it back buddy give me
that mask Clyde bridge is like teasing
him with the skin flap oh please don't
want to have it no good coverage you
don't let him have it
okay you have this this is my skin flap
okay Oh can't show you guys this
let me get that - yo I just thought
about something dude what so you saw
freaking angry dad got we were talking
about Oh like Lauren leaving yeah howdy
that was funny as hell like I could
picture grandpa like tying her up in a
kennel like oh you were saying no listen
seriously she is leaving yeah I'm like
dad does he know
I assumed he's gone now I think he feels
like cuz he remember he said after the
frickin fare blog and she ain't going
nowhere he's got a no right she she has
a life back at home he she's told him I
assume that she's leaving in a few weeks
what if he what is she what if he thinks
she's like here that's sad he's gonna
freakin foot he's gonna freak out dude
if that's what she had to have told him
come on
Bella what we gonna do how would you
explain this
Bella's seriously help I need real help
here Bella we need help
seriously she had to Belle's got advice
what is it tell grandpa what alright
well that's gonna be a better day you
guys thanks for wanna touch my god I got
to stop grabbing my glasses guys I gotta
stop I do it too much so anyway ah long
day we got your dad really good really
then we're gonna try to make it up to
him I guess we're gonna try to buy his
love so I don't know will it work
honestly I don't know I don't think he
can be bought click like if you're
excited for the prank we're uploading
tomorrow if you're going
trick-or-treating tomorrow be safe have
a my gosh you definitely be safe I'm
real excited for Halloween happy
Halloween you guys be safe take care of
yourselves
get some candy but don't eat too much of
it you're gonna end up like this so
anyway have a happy Halloween you guys
like subscribe favorite fun everything
for to us the battery's dead again
my god welcome
