what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here for Joe is here right there
and today I'm going to bed I love you
guys
hey yeah it was a joke I'm sort of
stumble into the window given I'm exotic
guy you're so mean it was an accident
you scared me so what is today are you
fall asleep today
um like I won't be in the abstract
she'll be clean so follow man everything
Bridget west yeah I post tweets ok the
post person today is what Friday Friday
today is Friday and today we went to the
fair with angry grandpa if you're
wondering why you're not seeing that
footage instead of this footage oh it's
because there's like four hours of
footage I got to go through I couldn't
believe it you guys are amazing it was
crazy I just I got a straight-up say I
love you I loved meeting you
thanks it was a great day you guys you
guys you guys not only made a special
day for us you made it a special day for
grandpa and for that I can't repay you
enough that's gonna be tomorrow because
I got to go through so much footage but
grandpa was filming we were filming we
were meeting you guys we were eating
food crazy
I got stomachache and now I gotta take
some cold medicine from eating too much
food
where's the guy ate so many corndogs
that I'm sick no I have like a cold
thing and yeah I mean I'll fall asleep
listen today no come on I got too much
to do man I'm gonna be up so anyway
let's get it's a short vlog I'm gonna
let you guys know I had to come but you
can tell because it's so late right now
it's 1:00 in the morning
I got let's do as I say the outro fuck
let's get the day started so you're
probably wondering why does the title
say angry grandpa's got a girlfriend
because he does kind of grandpa maybe
maybe not has a girlfriend and allow me
to explain for a minute so grandpa had a
girlfriend her name was Lauren they were
together
for what about a year yeah and the
reason you guys never met Lauren or
sorrow in the videos because she didn't
want to be filmed she just wanted to
keep her life out of that and we
respected that so we never filmed Lauren
in the videos before and she and Grandpa
unfortunately had to break up because
she has she was going through a divorce
at the time and so she went back and
they broke up but they all stayed in
touch and Bridgette had the idea because
she and Bridgette are friends Bridgette
had the idea to bring her huh to the
fair to go with Grandpa because he would
probably not show his ass if she was
there and she was right it was a good
plan she hopped on a plane she came to
Charleston she went to the fair with
Grandpa it was a serious time I almost
thought she almost didn't make it
oh hey guys yeah it was a serious time
crunch she got in there this morning
she drew oh God just thinking if she
didn't get there in time anyway well let
me just stop and show you guys a clip of
the vlog today with this girlfriend
you didn't want to come now I know that
was it much and I know you're probably
mad at me Fred oh my god
the reason I can't show that much of it
right now is because I don't have her
permission to see because she had a
problem before being in the videos so I
wanted to get her permission to be in
the video today so that's going to be in
tomorrow's vlog but that grandpa I don't
wanna say has a girlfriend per se
cuz they may have like hope they start
dating again they may have got into a
big fight like in the car wreck
you know I guess you goddamn bitch I
hate you so I do leave oh I don't know I
don't know what kind of fights dad has
so thank you anyway ass gonna be in
tomorrow I wasn't to talk about it I
wish you a flower yo ass back now so
bitchy never came here I'm done doing
the scared I marry my feet are killing
me
no no yeah yeah you can keep it covered
actually good ah nothing oh god I gotta
log shit I fell asleep yeah
why am I so tired because he's rich of
the fairer they didn't we're walking
their bodies could handle my bond is too
weak you gonna fair okay Karan ones for
me ah I just walked in here
tuck in Bridget and Belle's look you
know cute a and you too
where's Kai that it's Clyde watching
mommy use the bathroom cat far thank you
boy you missus we're at the fair fellow
misters
cheers I didn't get treat Oh tuck in tom
girl cash in the pocket what gets in the
fuckin I watch sixteen bucks mine well
that's it for Bridget on this vlog hey
bells and I'm not done being filmed yet
so hey girl
so that's gonna be it for Bridget for
this vlog I'm not done yet I got more
vlogging in me oh but Bridget is signing
out
I am signed out you have a good book you
have a good day good time at the fair oh
yeah dad called me told me he really
enjoyed it I'm shocked
I really didn't think grandpa would
enjoy the fair but I wanted to force him
to it could you want blur flee you
bastard well so there buddy good night
love you guys you were just dead to the
world ain't you well I'm gonna cover
lens you can go to sleep not really with
them a little longer so you don't go to
sleep what time do you have the remote
for this let's see it cuz I don't got it
and I'm not getting up
well you know there moto's so I'm gonna
end this vlog in a second but I wanted
to show you what an elephant ear looks
like I've been sitting in a purse so I
wanted to bring an elephant you're home
from the fair this year she would look
at this thing
Oh God
dear God so that's what it looks like
actress sitting in a purse so this is
what a purse elephant ear looks like it
seems so good though Hey
and still good I'm gonna eat it I don't
care I got to get this vlog edited well
that's gonna be a better day guys thanks
for watching I better get out of here
cuz I got to give this vlog up I
realized this about eight minutes long
my apologies but I do got the vlog
tomorrow growing up with a fair trust me
it's a good video hope you guys enjoy it
you get to meet grandpa's girlfriend or
I don't know if they're dating or not to
be honest with you but maybe we'll see
but you're gonna meet her and I got to
get this vlog up right away so I'm going
to get out of here
click like if you're excited for grandpa
going to the fair that's gonna be it for
today you guys like subscribe and
favorite and that's it
