what's going on you guys came yet oh
hold on I do this joke too much hold on
what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here oh yeah yeah take it off
hold on what's going on you guys
get behind the camera here could you
guys hear your voice end it off
that's my throat it's is she I think I'm
getting a cold
so what's going on you've got stay away
from me Rick what oh I don't want a cold
can't when I do this it feels weird
please I don't want your cold your germs
on one none of it please you the intro
okay what's going on you guys keep you
on a camera here change Thursday but Joe
is he right there today is Thursday huh
so I just got pulled over you guys uh
give me is these fucking ghosts
Bridget come on those ghosts are
annoying so just now Bridget was telling
me that her throat was hurting and that
she can't talk can she look so I'm gonna
make her some tea or coffee or whatever
the fuck this thing makes I don't make
coffee I don't use the Keurig Bridget
you better appreciate this good
boyfriend deed number one this thing's
been like preheating like an hour wait
all right I spoke a little too soon I
guess there's not 952
look guys what am I in Alaska anyways
okay so she likes pumpkin bullshit
oh just like I would expect she leaves
one in it all right
hmm all right I guess that's it fuck
what Jesus what the oh Jesus
you know this is some cool
I hate carriage you guys done with it
it's me the last time I ever use it well
said you weren't feeling well so you are
so sweet
take a big sip show me how you like it
big sell
it's hot you're offending me take a
bigger sit than that it's hot Bridget do
you love me at all yeah it's not that
hard to consume take the hot take a sip
come on where's you keep drinking it
take a big sip I'll count to three
ready all right ready take yourself I'll
just stop at three whoa huh one not let
it cool important it out yeah yeah not
really thank you
what happened Michael I don't know due
to messed up and started leaking
everywhere
yeah like did it this thing wasn't it
this thing isn't attached to the Keurig
I made a good deed you gonna make fun of
me I'm not making fun of you I'm just
cleaning up your little mess yes dogs
there's something going over there I'd
film just time Claude you can't stop the
explosions fine help us from the
explosions it was a no good so we just
heard some explosions and Clyde's like
freaking out Oh Claire's protecting us
come on Clyde protects from the
explosions Bella you help him we got to
go to Dad's in a few minutes Bridget and
I are gonna head over to angry Grandpa's
and then grandpa and I are gonna go get
some Chinese food for dinners it's so
funny anytime grandpa wants to hang out
with Michael I have to drop my girl off
you're gonna leave and weeping so damn
right you can call me when you get back
yeah I'm gonna talk to him in the car
about number one coming over to our
house and number two number two I have
an idea to get him over here but number
two tomorrow we're going to the fair oh
yeah I'm gonna get a gyro I'm gonna get
Frost it's like chicken and a good point
we're only going to the fair for food
and you guys I told you to click like if
you want me to get grandpa of the fair
and that's what I'm gonna do I'm gonna
start planning the seeds we're getting
grand part of the fair yeah we're gonna
like force him to go he's going to the
face that's going to the fair anyway
forget all that grandpa we're coming to
get I I can't even keep track anymore
you're like all of them a shit I'm not
on your shit all right I don't know why
I'm even saying grandpa we are going to
the fair tomorrow let's go to grandpa's
Oh grandpa's been on edge for a little
while at least so I decided well I was
gonna say I'm taking you somewhere but
you're literally the one I think I Drive
it okay you got it your all your two on
edge chicken balls so right now we are
on our way to a Chinese chicken balls
yes grandpa likes chicken balls oh god
they're delicious there's a Chinese
place by the old trailer park that we
used to go to and it's still our
favorite Chinese place so sometimes we
find our way to it and I think it's a
good way through I don't anger
management who do ya could you need it
bad this is for you
I don't need anger management yeah you
do no I don't you took an axe to your
grill deserved it did it yeah Bart my
chicken you weren't your chicken the
grill burnt my cue I'm not gonna taunt
you you just got to calm down
relax this is angry shut up this boat to
be a nice little father-and-son trip it
gets chicken yeah exactly
I'm trying to talk to you in the process
because you did I got anger problems I
know Hank I don't like a problem okay
you're worthless
what you're worth just gonna be
worthless yeah listen I got plans I want
you to come out with me and Burt you
guys were uh you've out whether to do
claws on a dog what does that mean
they also do claws on the bat eight they
don't serve no purpose that's you you're
do you you are Duke long
will you come out with me and Bridget
tomorrow nope why I know you beat your
bobbum onion yes I will buy and I'll go
we mean birds gonna show you a good time
tomorrow so you'll go I'll go did I
decide yo you you've got to go - calm
down I don't know damn well I don't want
it I wants to you all absolute values
alright do now hope so Thompson
concision IRA Gloria anyway tomorrow's
gonna be a good time yeah if I bet do I
ever do anything that's not fun even
will be into that now going once
so here we are in our old shopping
center all Plaza we've been here
a game for the subscribers take a look
at the area and tell us what YouTube
video we were here at that's a little
game to play
here we are dad you saw us go order
boneless chicken boy take it out going
eat it hell yeah I always go overboard
island
get involved you are obsessed with those
chicken balls
well let me turn this camera off I'll
film inside in a minute so me and
Grandpa sitting here waiting for our
food what I got question yes hon Hillary
you a statue of you and you what does
that mean
look at you already over on the counter
where you can eat to my Buddha yeah you
know selected like you there's some
stuff you just don't do who Buddha who I
do not look at who did I boot already a
man what can I say I got the body of a
god oh my god I said oh my god here
there you go I am okay I'm covering this
apologize so right now we're leaving and
I figured I would show you guys you know
the entrance the trail would now what
it's looking like we've been there a
while they'll stomping grounds that bow
enclosed so for new people we used to
live over here in this trailwood trailer
park and Bowen closed it and turn it
into a parking lot this was the entrance
to it right here
we went ah right there that was where we
lived
I miss the old place I miss the two
minutes close to everything you know we
didn't have much but we did have that
yeah so thank you Boeing fuck you boy
this is not going to calm your nerves
then we will close to everything we
would end up here yeah
so we're going to go way to Grandpa's
house I'm not going to film anymore
because I don't want him to throw the
camera I'm willing turn it off man Jesus
okay I'm just trying to tell us what I'm
doing
mother no father Sunday it was I can't
film a couple of things no got it
goodbye you guys you're gonna be with us
tomorrow right uh yeah I'm going
tomorrow bye hang up hang up I'm sorry
I'm not making fun of you I set it up
you guys as you heard in the car I got a
set up for grandpa to go to the fair
tomorrow now the biggest problem that
I'm having here is finding out how to
get them in the fair so post your ideas
in the comment section come up with a
bunch of them let me know how you think
we should get grandpa of the fair
because frankly right now I don't know
how to get him
Bridget you could drive or we give him
to drive himself that'd be kind of funny
if like we can convince him to drive
himself the thing I don't know haha I
don't know but he's going to the fair
you guys and I don't think he's been to
the fair since I was arrested at it now
god
it was a lot it was a long time ago and
I've said it on vlog before but I
thought I would tell it again for those
who haven't heard it now I was just a
kid and I didn't get arrested at the
first not like the handcuffed me and
sent me to prison I was in fair jail now
fair jail was where they take the kids
and I remember how like a little police
badge owner Steven my friend Steven had
a police badge on he ripped it off his
shirt you don't deserve to wear that oh
my god no we were riding on the sky
lifts and if you don't know what the sky
lips are it's those little carts on the
wires that go from one side of the fair
to the other and we were riding them and
Steven my friend Steven I was riding
with had the idea to spit off of him
he's like this would be funny
oh god yeah and maybe I spit too you
know peer pressure's a motherfucker
so I'm like yeah you know having having
a good time and Stephen Spitz and hits a
little girl in the head and we see it
it's like right on this girl's head and
so the mom watches us tells the police
officer and a police officer is
following us with his finger until we
get to the end now I see the guy and I
yo Steven we gotta stick together on
this okay you spit on this little girl's
head when the cop asks us we didn't do
anything because they don't got no proof
just deny it
what can he do he's a folk a good idea
so we stopped and the officer comes up
and goes one of you kids spinning off
the sky lifts and Steven he did oh my
god like you did I didn't I didn't say
that I should have I'm like I didn't do
anything huh spinning so we got arrested
taken to fair jail dad had to leave the
fair early and I never seen him so angry
so that was the last time he's been to
the fair so maybe I'll spit up the sky
lips tomorrow oh my gosh wouldn't it be
crazy if we go to the Columbia fair and
they're like sir you gotta leave
I don't know I put on like three hundred
pounds since then ha ha ha it's like
he's in some kind of a disguise yeah I'm
not gonna respect this guy this by the
way cuz if I ride them it's gonna fall
and hit the ground so nice I'm not
writing any rides I'll probably like
write the only ride I'm riding is if
there's a golf cart that goes me from
one food cart to the other it so anyway
the fair tomorrow with anger grandpa let
us know in the comments how we should
get him there I just happen to be
sitting here at the table I look over
and I just see Bella Bella I turn on the
camera she just turns her head you were
standing me this whole time she's
leaving
don't leave Bella
all right the cameras off Bella you
gonna miss this one good at a fair
tomorrow oh you want to go ride the
roller coaster how crazy with that we
bring our dog the fair and she's like on
the roller coaster and shit oh my god
give me your paw human shut up and go
away oh all right she has spoken
well anyway that's gonna be a fitter day
you guys thanks for watching Bridget
free outro click like if you want a
couple more of these
the Fair is tomorrow I'm really excited
I don't know if the vlog we're gonna do
tomorrow is going to go up early or not
tomorrow and then we'll save the fare
vlog for later but anyway that's
tomorrow
can't wait still got to figure out how
grandpa's gonna go but anyway like
that's usual Bridget will talk but she's
gone subscribe favorite and that's it
