what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here right there and I just got
to get right into it I gotta stop right
now get right into the point you guys
today is Thursday and the video that I
literally just now uploaded on Kibby on
a camera I literally just made it public
was called Tina and Jennifer our best
friends now admittedly when I made that
video public I didn't know the scale of
what even I was saying I just figured
Tina and Jennifer hung out and I didn't
like it so I called him best friend so I
could call Jennifer Island cuz I didn't
understand what was going on Jennifer
knows that we have this problem with
Tina she knows that Tina's coming to our
house uninvited in the middle of the
night and she knows that there's an
issue and so I wanted to call her out so
I wanted to figure out what was going on
well now I know just how close they
actually are yeah it's crazy
because right now on Tina's channel she
is live streaming okay live streaming
right now and I recognize the wall and
chair that she's sitting in that's
Grandpa's house Tina is that grandpa's
house right now 11:00 at night it's
really way yeah so what the hell is
going on this is weird
Gina is live right now and everybody the
chatons making fun of me what they're
all talking crap let's see here uh so if
I'm not seeing anything uh ask Jennifer
to buy Mike hair dye okay that's fine
I got you got people making fun of me
left and right in this thing
somebody early was calling me a giant
banana somebody said I look like a
minion wearing my hash bat suit okay
like so this is here why did I get a GPS
break are ya I'm lucky to be in the
house and my kids over here I won't be
in here say
she just confirmed she's like that
Thomas yeah so what the hell did what do
we do now Lord and Jennifer I said hi
Jennifer I'm gonna get kicked out you're
gonna get kicked out hey this is really
starting to piss me off actually it's
weird I'm not gonna lie you know Tina I
don't have a huge problem with Tina a
lot of people think that I got this
giant problem that I hate Tina
I don't hate like discover here you and
Mike need to work it out where to go
that guy's right LG or LC game he's
right okay
that's absolutely right we do need to
work it out but I can't when she's
taunting me like this and I feel like
she's going to dad's house to taught me
and I feel like now she's holding up a
picture of dad okay she must have gotten
the bumper sticker package she's got my
signature see I don't know what she's
gonna do my signature okay guys today is
Thursday and apparently Jennifer and
Tina are more than best friends
apparently apparently they're living
together
why she's not she she will not be living
in that house no definitely not she
definitely won't be what's going on what
do we do I don't know I don't want to go
over to the house
we can ask Jennifer kindly to stop
talking to her we can't do that we can't
control Jenny's friend you know what
today's Thursday
I don't know what's going on I'm gonna
talk to Jenny tomorrow who was that
it's Wendy uh yeah yeah it is what the
hell was that noise I don't know there
was just a loud explosion and a power
turned off assuming to be out there dude
can you show the door so windy thank God
okay I want her power back dude the
powers been up for 30 seconds and I'm
already starting to get hot you know and
I'm more concerned with what how ugly
she looks like why we would how much
we've still up I don't know when are we
gonna take this damn thing down we'll
take it down after we figure out
powerful days the truth is we haven't
taken it down it's not because we love
Christmas Carol it's because we're
freakin lazy don't just some power and
heart you're no bleep no I feel fine
thanks for Mom calm down it hasn't even
been a minute oh it's been it feels like
it's been six days oh my god you don't
think it's scorching hot in here right
now no okay maybe a little bit okay I'm
sorry about a little but this is a
minute what's gonna happen
No yes ma'am just just recording it no I
understand thank you so much what'd she
say yeah yes ma'am thank you
okay well good news and bad news
what I'll do the bad news first the bad
news is we're probably not gonna have
any power for about seven hours what
good news is we're gonna sweat so much
that we're gonna drop like a hundred
pounds I don't know what happened either
a transistor exploded yeah really nice
some type of good news I just said we're
going to lose weight we lose a bunch of
fuckin way from sweat oh we're not it so
you just lied about good news yeah we're
just gonna sweat and still be fat why is
it why is there no power dude she didn't
have a clear answer she was either the
wind or transistor exploded well what
else could it have been how did it
explode I'm starting to feel really hot
yeah what we're hearing dude we can take
a cold shower yeah yeah cuz I mean
there's no hot water
what if dad's got power hmm find out
who's member one you know after the
hurricane dad got power and we didn't
have power so whatever he's only a
different thing yeah he's got power we
don't okay that's that's our only saving
grace right now okay what did you just
say say it again what what I'm recording
right now say what you just said
why because why why are you hanging out
with Tina okay oh my gosh she's with
paperwork you're giving her information
so what she's what kind of paperwork
what did she just say you do know we're
a war with her right Jenny it's like
that she's trying to manipulate you to
get to us don't you see it
she tried doing this with Jack ask her
ask her uh what does she what does she
need to come to my house for the other
night cuz she was here ask her about
that
I went to send I didn't go to Dina's
house I went to Cindy's house she has a
your mom says she went to your hope with
our house yeah do you know what did the
hell yeah it is lying Jenny she's lying
what what is your problem ladies you
can't take my hat off
we're not turning this into that but I
can't do it okay okay nobody's making
funny use she's real loud on the phone
and on camera come to our house you need
to stop Bridget
chocolate cake
what is she talking she caught us fat a
bad joke okay okay yeah weak-minded
trash you need at least like 20 years
ago you not see that she is an unhinged
rabid animal and that she's like coming
at us of course I see that are you
talking to Jimmy
oh we said Bridget yeah it's true you're
an instant crazy will join her and we
don't like you that's according to you
know we're recording the phone call what
she said so sleep with what are you okay
yeah that's a threat
and we're gonna use out against her
we're recording it I know I can't stand
her either babe why do you want to give
her a second chance
why yeah cuz dad wanted it dad asked me
if I would give her another chance she's
blowing it does she want the second
stands for JIT trying hard not to laugh
my ass off doing that she's crazy she's
unhinged and our security system is off
right now because empower is our the
power is out yes what was all that dude
walk walk because T was yelling at me
walk away from walk away from Tina start
to talk to you privately please
and you better do it Jenny what is what
because I'm starting to not trust her
you listen I know dad one of those give
Tina another chance okay I get that but
like we can't give her another chance
she's like yelling at us and stuff yeah
does she want the other chance this
family will forgive that issue fun to
hang out with
do you like Tina are you that lonely
Jenny you got a stoop this low to talk
to someone it okay I don't I don't hang
out with Tina enough to know how she is
like nonvolatile is she like that like
and like she was just bullets her though
has she been like that all day or she
just flipped out cuz we got on the phone
okay why are you holding out with that
we're gonna we're gonna have to confront
it safe stuff pops off you better choose
our side or you gotta pay yeah that's
what everybody will say Jenny I can't
believe you're like hanging out with
Tina Jennifer and Tina are best friends
best friends forever
Jennifer and tuna don't call her tuna
tuna
I'm furious I think it's a little odd
I'm not gonna lie it's just it's strange
like don't you see what's going on yes
she did it with Jack or she tried to do
it jack who's Jack Jack Daniels what she
does she's trying to do it with Jennifer
and the family isolate as to what the
only ones left
yeah but it's not gonna work
it might Jennifer's got a feeble mind
sometimes dude okay I know that and I
think she's actually hanging out of
there because she's just that lonely
which is odd she's that lonely she's
going to hang out with Tina I don't get
why Tina would even go over to Dad's
house with everything that's going on
that's what I don't get
yeah it's definitely like a warning she
was at our house now she's going to
dad's house I say to kick her ass we
can't do Bridget
you want to go to jail no I'm kidding
you like Joe I'm kidding I would look
off on a mug shot right now hey Mitch -
hey
I don't guys let me know in the comment
section what you think is going on cuz
there's some there's some gang here
there's some sort of game that I'm not
seeing I don't know what it is exactly
you know what if she freakin like takes
Jenny away from us
screw it dude she tastes jennifer away
from us no comment
it's just okay put that down that's just
a salt you can't that's a salt alright
maybe manslaughter I don't know yeah
what the manslaughter wouldn't it yeah
it was a woman's long June the slaughter
that's too insulting let's just stop I
don't care but I tried to call my sister
and see how she was doing I gotta get
insulted
I know oh my god why did she have to be
such a mmm I'm just gonna stop it there
calm down Bridget you know what I think
we should go over your front tuna now
now right now right now you know she's
trying to quote warn us I'm not scared
of her I told you I've known her since I
was 10
very loud bark no bite and it is weird
but is this how you guys one of the
confrontation here we go yeah
you
