what's going on you guys can be out a
new way to Grandpa shirt here vigil is
here behind a new angry about shirt -
today is Wednesday and today we're
uploading the new angry grandpa video
today I'm uploading angry grandpa's
barbeque meltdown today you should go on
Twitter search frigate West and follow
me
by the time guy I know what you're doing
you're trying to promote your first look
I do first looks for every in Europe ha
video every video that we do Bridget
posted on her Twitter first so if you
want to be first follower on Twitter and
you'll get to do that by the time
they've seen this has already been up oh
well for future reference so today what
is today again forgot Wednesday
Wednesday today is Wednesday and today
we're going over to grandpa's house I
got some aftermath for you and that's it
we got some a good ground pot shards
we're gonna talk about that right now
freakin love this shirt I have to order
like 20 that seems like as I said like
we're promoting those store which we
kind of walk with it's our store but
yeah guys I don't give free shirts I
actually buy that we I'll show you guys
a receipt I bought this so let's jump
right into it let's throw the new shards
I forgot what I was doing so I wanted to
show you guys two shows right now
because honestly we don't really talk
about the shirts ever on the video we
have them and we don't tell you guys
that we have them and people ask me and
so today I'm going to get grandpa's so
he can wear smegma grandpa's shirt that
I'm gonna show you what we got so
obviously the one I'm wearing and your
grandpa logo shirt and just in time for
the presidency oh my gosh angry grandpa
for president which all the way on it so
thank you very much the president things
would be like really horrible awful
boyfriend don't vote anger grandpa
president now the Oval Office will be
destroyed don't anger your have puffer
present but you can wear this shirt
yeah the shirts funny I think you know
eat sleep never a picture no and Bridget
has the eat sleep angry grandpa repeat
should I eat
eat sleep repeat come on don't make fun
of yourself it was not a funny joke guys
it was a fun we're going to Grandpa's
house he's got some shirts too just got
your Grandpa's house I got it yeah I got
it idea for dinner what I got an idea
for dinner tonight want me to what let's
cook out
Oh what you regret breaking your grill
no yeah you do dad's favorite food of
the whole world is barbecue
I cook ton - yeah well then what was
wrong yesterday they were cooked well
done oh shut up man cook mom do it you
ever seen child's play men want choppers
and fireplace let's get shut up Gary the
check in and I'll let you live just get
me the chicken you fess up what is funny
so funny you should have broke your own
grill you really should know I go hey
Dad yeah my update ah he's breaking the
camera Michael what do you see what what
do you see pair of legs what are they
like really shiny legs yes like legs
with baby oil rubbed on oh yeah do you
see any streaks on the legs they're
shiny look at the streaks what's the
point of this
right is not weird what just happened
I know I know so the legs show the
camera you get a focus see if they see
shiny leggings look at those really
shiny legs now pay attention to the
paint on the legs what the hell is what
the hell is going on here we talked
about well we got show dad all right
take a look at the legs ma'am what do
you see they're shiny right so now pay
attention to the lines on the leg like
the streaks
I think Street is very polite no it's
not glaring leave any cavity the shining
those are doesn't like the light hitting
over there the others have saran wrap
around the legs up dad it's just paint
no pain look at the white Street I'll
tell you daddy
Tech just pay attention to shining
they're not though yeah they're shame I
promise you you're wrong you get you as
big yo long
there's no it's just paint all of this
this that that that that it's all paint
that's glare light that is paint and
then they don't break that remove and
then there's no shine either you know
there isn't reflection at all dude I'm
telling now she got saran wrap on or
something she got too much baby old
there's no glare on her legs you tell
somebody else like crap Volusia I don't
why can't you just pull it real close to
your face as shoeshine I'll get Sean
Sean's Connie it dad's NIT dad's never
gonna see it just keep looking at it
till you do oh my God look at my I'll do
a rose to my life there's talk of you
John
not shiny here they are very shiny damn
I wish that and could get it
once you see it fucks with your head too
shiny they're not they're shiny they're
not shining they're not shining no not
they are okay get it out of his face
prison dad with this whole shiny Lynx
thing it reminds me of the movie mall
rats if nobody's ever seen it there's a
scene where they're trying to look at
one of those mind puzzles and there's
like a sailboat in there and Ethan suppl
is just staring at it I can't see the
goddamn sailboat I'm okay your legs are
shining they are not they were oh wow
it's a schooner you dumb bastard it's a
sailboat
what the hell you don't know it
ball rise I can't believe dad
Laura I've got a lady with shiny leg I
said because there was a booby puzzle in
there where he couldn't see the hidden
image in a picture everybody else could
you're the only one here who can't see
the shiny leg shiny so I got something
for Dad dad's been asking for a long
time and I've been sitting on my ass and
I ain't done it yet
my apologies I'll give ya you gettin
away for more so we got some anger
grandpa shirts if you want your own we
got them in the store self promotion
shameless ego looks good so at the end
of grandpa oh there we go
each week Burma me I did it kind of on
burnt chicken I can't imagine someone
does those like a burnt up he's a
chicken eat sleep burn your meat that's
same one my apology sorry you want to I
sure you want two of them
there he goes last one hell yeah I'm
better dropping off good-vote grandpa
for president if you support grandpa's
present get your own shirt I get a kick
it at every pot what does that be
okay a work for Roosevelt what does that
mean a ticket in every pot I don't know
me cheating and everybody what is he
saying
is that what you're saying you'll get a
chicken in every pot oh yeah oh is this
campaign speech very well you're gonna
check in at every pot ah yeah huh I
don't know why having it work is whoever
someone correct him in the comment
section cuz he's probably wrong put a
chicken in every pot that is so funny
shaking at every pot and a hammer
through every TV burnt chicken group
yeah yeah for chicken I'm feeling better
that you should be you brought the
chicken with Chris alright thanks
bruiser see you guys yesterday I can't
stay I'm gonna so little self-promotion
we got the shirts I never do this we
never talked about the shirts because I
don't want you guys to feel like I'm
putting it up sighs dirt
yeah like wristbands and beanies if
there's more stuff coming I don't
usually do this I don't usually promote
the a good grandpa store in the videos
but there's been so many people right
let me ask him if we even have shirts to
begin with and I thought well if they
don't know we're gonna have to spread
awareness about it so yes we got shirts
and now dad actually thought shirts yeah
about time I want to you know what I won
no I don't put them home that was for
another thing they want to see you in
one Jesus Christ
ah
we got 27 homecare go go go get three
second shit 200 what happened your easel
put a char oh there you go
what you looking like this way yeah I
got it home okay
a grand buffer president there was there
running as of right now the video with
angry grandpa destroying his grill with
an axe is on the angry grandpa show
channel if you haven't seen it yet check
out the link below it's also popping up
on the side right now and I would react
but I do I forgot which slightly I'll do
that well there it is no hopefully holy
crap its there again it can't jump twice
that's not how it works
hit me in the face ah you're making me
mad my god I'm about the stairs to take
you to the bipolar doctors I've been so
angry so I don't got an answer why I do
I'm not bipolar dude I'm never
irrational okay if you haven't seen it
check out the link below I'll take that
apology in writing I forgot I was saying
a story before you freaking interrupted
me to call me bipolar so anyway if you
haven't seen the vid stop this your baby
is dad so if you haven't seen it check
out the link below basically he went
apeshit because he burned up the frickin
fried fried chicken the grilled chicken
check it out but in the meantime I told
you guys I would have some aftermath I
don't know what I have but there was
some stuff that I filmed at Grandpa's
house so check it out this was the
leftovers and when I say leftovers I
don't mean leftover chicken on the grill
because that was eaten by the dogs
because I get I guess they like charcoal
anyway after math basically eight does
that's a fuckin drawing board hey you've
ever got in there Jesus
how hot did you have it once I've been
hunter all
yeah
no dinner nothing tears darlin come on I
just got back from Roberts barbecue and
I didn't eat there because they messed
up my order now this I need to eat
something
reunion in here yeah yeah go arrow you
want hip itself oh man
and I'm filming this shit yeah what and
make it your hands out of chicken all
right I mean and look good
hey lizard receiving okay hello yeah
just saying you want me have no chicken
I said how do you like that looks fine
what the hell is it the percolator
Alliance / cute name oh when I get sneer
at his tits get perky you make coffee oh
let's get a thumbnail here no no I want
to go out there and show the burnt
chicken
oh man hell no woody the movie buddy yes
you burnt the chicken come on we're not
a legit damn burner I can thumb now yes
no please no come on are you good how is
show me how burn to this for the thumb
on God come on Jesus right God why are
you so upset I didn't burn the chicken
you did Hey
Oh
I think that blames me because I'm on
the discovered it was burned oh my gosh
what I said I think you blame me because
I'm the one that found how burn it works
oh my god
Oh it's like charcoal Hey
what is why dude it just it was like
heavy like a break
okay so thumbnail well bite give me this
just look at the grill man what are you
trying to so I just got done cooking
dinner and I realized I didn't film it
which I don't know why there's no other
reason why I didn't film it other than
the fact that I forgot and I'm stupid
and I'm gonna slap myself for it
so anyway I'm gonna show you afterwards
when I cooked it's still simmering so
let's take this off I have made bowtie
chicken alfredo
right now the alfredo sauce is
thickening up with the bowtie noodles
that's chicken and there's some sweet
peas in there if you guys want to know
the recipe you want me to see me cooking
on video smack the like button and I
will do this on video I don't know what
I'll do cuz I don't want to have it like
two nights in a row but pretty soon I
will cook this whole video if you guys
want to see it just smack the like
button and it's actually very delicious
in the right bellow you think it looks
good or not she don't care how for you
all right she took off and she was
trying to tell me something all right
Alfredo okay I forgot I'm giving you
credit a minute ago when I said that I
cooked the alfredo Brigitte cooked the
alfredo I cooked it guys it's not a fail
it's friggin delicious and we didn't
even film it but wow it looks good nice
job Michael you're trying to sabotage me
it's gonna burn Wow why would I do that
I want to eat the alfredo I don't know
that's
it looks good you did good thank you
so like I say click like if you guys
want the recipe and I'll make her do it
oh god if Bridget has to cook and she
fucks it up the second time like she did
good this I'm just changing sup a whole
kitchen on fire it's not true look like
you guys know yes you don't want to cook
on camera yeah I guess I'll cook on
camera if you accept the kitchen on fire
though it's gonna be tremendous I mean
it's not gonna to be horrible if I if I
do that like steamed damn well that's
gonna be a fritter day you guys thanks
for watching had a pretty good day hung
out with Grandpa SP fun promoted the
shirt again there are the anger grandpa
store there in the description if you
want to see them had a good day it feels
so weird promoting I hate it I know I
don't like promoting this is probably
the only freaking time ever I don't do
promotion stuff okay you guys but I do
like to promote our stuff because I want
more people to have our shirts I want
everybody to see them I want more people
to have angry grandpa shit so this way
that's gonna be a pro today guys thanks
for watching like subscribe favorite
follow on everything for to us and if
you hadn't seen it go watch the video
with grandpa destroys the grill I posted
on Twitter frigate less I know that not
everyone
he took an axe to the grill phones
you
