what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here fortuity yeah right there
and today is Tuesday and today we're
going to Roberts and then Grandpa's you
know first of all they don't know what
Roberts is now they they were going to
some guy named Roberts house we're going
to Roberts barbecue Roberts is a
barbecue place me and Grandpa love to go
to it today we're going over to Roberts
and we're gonna take some to Grandpa yep
so that's the plan is at the end of the
intro yeah well that's what we're doing
today guys we're getting barbecue we're
going to go see grandpa we're gonna hang
out and that's it huh I like it let's
give it I I feel office ending so quick
I know how long has it been like like
under minute forget it what you know I'm
sorry you guys short intro let's get the
Tuesday started let's feel right you
sure
I mean hung on Twitter no wrong section
like this I'm confused
sky hey favorite oh it's over widget
so I'm sitting out here with the dogs I
just hit record and Clyde frickin takes
off into the yard where'd he go what the
fuck look at this
they don't want me to film them or
something thank you no hey Bella what
are you looking at girl she was on that
chair
I saw her filming are always on the
chairs empty and Clyde was up here
looking at me I grabbed the camera he
takes off what's up with you guys you
don't like being filmed so one of the
reasons that we're going over to
Grandpa's house right now is because I
want to try to talk him into coming over
to the new house it's been long enough
he doesn't want to come over
over man I was gonna prank him into
coming over but I don't I just want him
to come over I'm gonna talk to him today
I'm pretty sure I can get them I need
his help with something so dad need you
over here so today we're going over to
Grandpa's house and we're gonna get up
to my house what I have a good idea what
on how to get him over how I told you I
want to prank him
I mean it's not a pretty I had a prank
idea but I'd rather not
total prank I mean what if he should I
not yeah don't know well you don't know
buddy Bella I'm just oh hey hey they
don't love me they want to go to the
kitchen you smell bad I do man
you guys it smells so good but you know
they're not paying us to promote them or
anything we just love it when you walk
it up all you can smell is those onion
rings cooking oh my gosh I'm not an
onion ring fan you guys wait see see
these things
we're going in oh my gosh
well we bust my ass I'm on my way to
grandpa's house as you guys saw we did
not film inside the restaurant like I
promised we would
they mess up with my order and I didn't
want to film and I walk down Bridget and
then followed and I didn't bring any
food home to that they gave me I feel I
felt so bad guys Michael through onion
ring
he threw a damn onion oh he don't like
yeah so I had a little I didn't say
anything I'm not an asshole I just
walked out so and all they did was
forget mayonnaise all they did was add
mayonnaise and I didn't want it and I
could have said something but I got just
like ow it was in it was my inner anger
grab all no rude not to them amia you
could have gotten up and done it is you
were like no you should've just got it
you should just got up and did it for me
here here's Bridget yo man I gotta do it
meanwhile she was like I need napkins
idly get up I'm you're living without
food now and I gotta get up and get you
napkin thanks yes ma'am anyway I'm
better now
Hey I swear I would have done my talk
but you were so mad my inner anger
grandpa came out and I walked out of the
place anyway I'm on the way to Dad's
house and I've got no food well I just I
just I just come over to Grandpa's house
invited me over a little bit of barbecue
chicken you know chicken man we are
neither of us for having good eating
days I'm not having a good day period
Wow what else happened to you
yes I can take him off though hey all
right
he might have some chicken after all
you got a relaxed they could only one
person pissed off about food at a time
laughs she what happened now that I got
your barbecue Bob this is the worst day
of your life huh
yes I've burned the kicking dad burns
the chicken and decides to take it out
on the grill we he doesn't have a grill
anymore
that videos going on this weekend scary
I thought it was gonna damn explode hey
I wouldn't have been good we all
probably would have died there's a
Barney the Dinosaur our acting like kids
oh yeah
look at facies man so the grill is
totally destroyed you guys that video is
going up tomorrow the other reason we're
still here failed filming because I want
to see me these when they explode well I
would like to go in and look through a
window go in Bridget so guys it's fine
kiss my ass kiss man why are you acting
like that
ah fuck the kick first time I ever burn
keep it that's a lie do you got a butt
up you don't know what you're talking
about you enough you'll make me pick
that damn thing I'm throw it again no do
you remember the time you burn the
chicken in Vienna you burn chicken all
the time it's your signature I don't
think you've ever not burned chick you
need to shut up now you pissing me off
lyric off I will pick up Thor to cue
down was the stop virgin hey dad next
time you want to grow there's a sheet of
metal sitting on top of your fire pit of
it Abney chill what is your problem
hey you guys he burned the chicken and I
made fun of him for it I was as a joke I
was trying to get a thumbnail for the
vlog today what was happening cuz I was
coming for the vlog and him for latching
I'm not saying nothing so he was burned
the chicken how are you going together
by alright did I fuck my pedicure okay
go ahead they're gonna see when they see
the video you totally grow up shut up
man
do you add them dude at one point you
were just straight up tossing propane
tanks at it okay
would you have done what are you that
could have been so dangerous so that
video is going up tomorrow no matter
what Jesus - so what are we leaving here
pretty soon
I know when you stop and go I like to
talk about my day as it happens actually
I don't killing today so you this mad
over some chicken if you're hungry oh
come on oh yeah you are but it or not
I'm not well you didn't handle enough
smoke from that chicken there's a joke
that you got a chill B there's no
chicken left you know you go save that
chicken you can use it as trouble for
your next row comeback guys if you don't
quit dad please stop just chill we're
just joking I know the jig was real hot
you need to chill oh it's done okay I'm
sorry
I'll leave you alone dad
Mamadou Jim go ahead oh yeah why
yo dude you better stop I'm trying to
make light of the situation how about me
live here okay
don't white anything else we know what
happens when you set okay okay I'll
cover though is it supper
ah how come people do that me I'm sorry
why did you do that it was funny here I
don't know I want to cheer you up
I'm not sad I'm pissed
oh that sucks he destroyed his grill but
I don't want to talk about it
why not talking about that yeah I was
pretty shitty I was insane actually that
was dangerous I'm saying do me a favor
something else dangerous insane don't do
that to me no more
why because I almost knocked me a TV
over don't you have that bit you want to
laugh if that will knock those freakin
TV off the dresser
now that actor has been horrible yeah
that have been real bad I probably would
have cried is that I'm sorry yeah for
what scaring you I don't care about that
are we done with your little scene cuz I
don't want to talk anymore I want to go
chill want to watch some TV I don't want
to talk about my goods go get some tongs
tongs yes you need them like salad tongs
yes why give that stick out of your ass
now I keep filming what you don't piss
me off I'm serious that's steak - nigga
I got to get tongs to pull the stick out
of my ass like I'll pull the tongs out
of yours
oh I thought was a good comeback that's
very funny we're gonna have to address
this in a minute what that show dad a
room over reacting and I realize I'm
sorry I'm sorry what are you doing
nothing
don't forget back I can't use your
bathroom good isn't the best guess I am
yeah so what I was adorable I've got
hair on me
and Tropic said oh oh man that was crazy
dude
grandpa totally just went way overboard
you know I went crazy like it was
honestly good crazy dad you're not dad
hey hey good your hands off me you got a
chill
what is that bad okay what are you doing
No so we went to Robert's barbecue so we
can get some barbecue sandwiches to go
with the barbecue chicken and I was so
pissed off that I didn't even get the
barbecue sandwiches so the guy you know
what forget it I'll eat chicken I don't
need the barbeque sandwiches I'm so
pissed off chicken will do just fine
and I didn't get no chicken oh my gosh
let's go to KFC bail yeah
maybe I really want some chicken and dad
totally flipped out and activated ass
out of himself
that was not here's the thing he had
other chicken like he usually when he
bakes chicken he does like the wings and
legs and thighs on the grill and he
takes two breasts and cooks them in the
oven and Saul's like well you fucked up
the other chicken how about lemony had
let me have a piece of breast and no he
wasn't having it yeah that's either
gonna be in the aftermath tomorrow or in
the I don't know what's going I don't
know what happened because it all was
just like a blur I went out there to
film a thumbnail for this vlog see what
happened is he burnt the chicken and I
was like oh God let's get a thumbnail
with dad and the burnt chicken hahaha
let's let's see what we can do and no he
wasn't having he flipped out destroyed
the grill cuz he didn't like the jokes
so honestly we were we were found about
that well yeah I was talking about it
look like charcoal I think I decided
looking burned up chunky there's like
things laughs there's a bird it's a
chicken laughs anyway let's do the outro
dad your reacted well that's gonna be a
better day guys thanks for watching went
over to Grandpa's house to have some
barbecue and ended up losing the grill
that was insane
like I said he was chucking his freakin
cocaine had to be mad at something else
you got an axe oh dude I don't know what
he was actually mad about it could have
just been the chicken cuz that was like
yeah it was just a little burnt chicken
and he had other chicken and the oven
that he was cooking the table right
there's nothing new like he always
actually burns chicken he never does
yeah Grover it I don't know the time
that he hasn't burned the chicken when
he was cooking to be honest I know it's
always like alright daddy were doing
yeah so I don't know what his problem
yeah that was nice anyway I'm gonna get
out of here thanks for watching you guys
like subscribe favorite on everything
which of us and don't miss a video
tomorrow cuz it's fucked up it's crazy I
cannot believe I was really scared
there's gonna be light explosion tissue
ran inside head
