haha what's wrong walking dead I'm sorry
I wish I could fix as well or alot right
here folks if you haven't seen it don't
watch this part then we'll support that
beside you know what you gotta cut it
out now you're pissing me off why
because that was a really sad part last
night you guys Bridget was fully in
tears watching The Walking Dead good so
I I didn't I was a fully engineer this
is my impression of Bridget I teared
that yeah I'll try to prank you guys by
the way pretend I was totally sad over
the walking dead this was Bridget go to
sleep last night though you shit your
pants Bridget oh that was Bridget last
iPhone over The Walking Dead so and now
that you guys know I was trying to prank
you let's restart this in the beginning
go back to the door whoa good morning
babe put me back to sleep I don't want
to be awake without Glen Glen when you
wake up good quittin so anyway Wow
that wasn't part of the sketch we said
of shit my pants cuz grath pants it off
baby I love vegan
I like negan - okay so you wanted to
make something up about me I'm not
making nothing up so after Glen died
guys Michael immediately just shit his
pants he was like oh that's made up
Bridgette was done that's not him you're
just right you're just trying to take
those you know you tried to flip it I
already said you did that in bed I don't
shit myself you do you did you smell
like it right now that's why we're
diapers I don't even you're not bringing
that back up that he didn't wear one
last night and it's there's a stain on
the couch now okay let's find it
what's going on you guys King beyond the
camera hair as it was here and I gotta
tell you something Michael is not trying
to be funny right now
look I already I know are to use the
King behind a camera joke I know that
but I can't find my hat so I'm gonna
wear a crown okay fine my hair looks
like crap look at this
princess Bridget here more like the
Dairy Queen
so anyway
yeah I'm trying to give my kings I don't
wear it today today is Monday in today
I'm the Dairy Queen so today you were in
the same shirt again okay we have to
attend a bridge has been wearing the
same sharp like two weeks right I've
been taking showers and then putting
this dirty-ass shirt back on
explain yourself okay so whenever we
moved I discovered like 30 of this there
are div they were left out from the New
York trip last year we took a whole
bunch home with us
yeah and for some reason I've been
wearing these shirts so much I don't
even know what my other shirts are yeah
I have to look for them
you've just been wearing the same shirt
just admit it no it's not true
so you you know what you have been
wearing oh this your head wore my
two-weeks one of these yeah I'm was
awesome I wore it well I know I'm not
doing he wore this I don't want you wipe
your ass I did not lie or why you're
fucking so because I uploaded these
vlogs so late there's a chance that a
lot of you guys haven't seen them and
subscription boxes didn't really get
sent down till the next day so if you
haven't seen them I wanted to take a
minute to talk about a couple of vlogs
that I uploaded the other day if you
haven't seen them take the time to go
watch them the first one was the
aftermath to Tina killing grandpa and I
had a lot of fun
you see I don't like them as a Queen civ
unit I know yeah I don't like them as
team hell no I decided to flip them
against each other
check out this preview though you under
the bus and that's your friend so that
was the first vlog if you want to see
that it's down below called Tina versus
grandpa and the second vlog was our
ghost hunt oh my god it was so scary
we did a ghost hunt if you haven't seen
that here's a preview of that do you
know angry grandpa
how many fingers am i holding up what I
heard three it was terrifying
it sent chills up my spine it was so
scary I slept with the main light on
that night I slept with every light on
the house on yeah Michael didn't even
turn off any life we're not gonna cut
that out Michael we're not talking about
so anyway I wasn't scared that's the
whole thing about it is I wasn't scared
oh my god
it's daylight of shit well it's time for
another Pro Wrestling crane now you're
gonna notice initially it's bigger and
it's heavier now
Pro Wrestling crate was sold like a
month ago to a t-shirt company a
wrestling t-shirt company they now own
it so there better be a good you guys
there better be a t-shirt in there I'm
just canceling the subscription you know
so okay Pro Wrestling cray
oh man is taping the side - okay
Oh oh my god don't have to cancel
because it's a shirt okay all right
first things first I take the shorter
side Oh
this shows o3o my guys okay the best of
freelance wrestling
Oh is a DVD there's a DVD like
independent wrestling holy crap I love
watching independent wrestling this is
an old Lex Luger WCW trading card I got
a couple of Paul Heyman lungs Hey
Pro Wrestling T's magnet it's shaped
like a steel chair okay a pro wrestling
tease calm wristband let's throw that on
there save my fat wrist doesn't pop it
oh shut up so joke okay
what is this it is an official wrestling
autograph and they've got it really
sealed very nicely oh well really
wanting to rip it who could it be
whoa that is sick
Bobby the brain Heenan Wow a Bobby the
brain Heenan autograph and it's got a
little certified by Pro Wrestling tease
wow that's cool that is cool
Pro Wrestling this is very cool I'm a
very big Bobby Heenan van Bobby Heenan
is probably the greatest manager in the
history of wrestling over Paul Hamm and
I love Paul Paul is the greatest
advocate in pro wrestling history Bobby
the brain Heenan he's amazing
so got all this now let's take a look at
the three shops I got the first one
it is a Colt Cabana shirt go go bad now
Cole Cabana Wow
ton of stuff man a legion of doom Church
that's pretty cool three shirts man and
finally the last thing our box it is a
broken Matt Hardy shirt wow that's cool
Pro Wrestling great yeah I've done
yourself finally I'm glad there's new
owners so that is the Pro Wrestling
crate thank you guys for selling the
company all right quick magic trick I
got three shirts to try on today holy
crap whoa holy crap we're watching Kim's
reaction video right now uh that she
recorded during The Walking Dead now I
make some jokes earlier about how
Bridgette was shitting her pants and we
were crying listen it was sad but Kim
you shot us she actually shit her pants
Lou Thesz vaster an Abraham okay that's
when Abraham died I'm not even gonna
show you guys when Glen down let's pause
there so Kim Kim needs happy pose or
therapy or or psychiatric evaluates
drugs
no she doesn't drugs itself
Kim what the hell she is
Kim is fully in tears of it though
she's like try to convince yourself it's
just so it's just a subtle Kim seriously
girl listens I have fried the
freeze-frame ha that is not that's not
the face of Glenn died that is the face
of like a ver I'm dying that's not what
I'm saying I'm saying like that's they
forgot my apple pie in McDonald's that's
not going down on the market good like
Oh Kim good it's something else
something else
seriously what face would you think that
applies doing that is not a character
dying oh they forgot they put mayonnaise
on my cheeseburger so you take this
opportunity to make fun of me yes you
know Bridget go you Bella would you
think what the walking dead last night I
know we were sad Bella like we got
really sad about Glenn but not as sad as
Kim oh my gosh I know bells like
offering her hand she's like Kim cheer
up seriously she had freaking
the eyes today yeah Kim lost it
she's weak give me a hand bell you think
Kim needs therapy
Thanks is there something in my teeth
what does that mean the book God's sakes
I'm trying to talk to you on camera
there's nothing in your teeth let's talk
can I look
smile let's show your teeth to the
camera there's not much oh my god flip
the screen I'm trying to talk to you by
the walking dead here okay talking to I
see myself Bridget please I promise you
there's nothing in your teeth okay come
on your dad's life Oh Bridget this is
out of control
show me shit okay I'm gonna tell you
about give a walking dead so were you
that a sadist oh okay fine they're ill
that was that I don't know I like a
pepper as well
you got it I don't wanna do the scene
anymore goddess infant shoulder
damn trying to call Kim and fucking you
know it's on your arms in hand fuck
camera
damn these motherfucking things I don't
like that's fucking talk
your call has been forwarded to it
blocker should answer now why are you so
pissed today you have an attitude Oh
what my goodness should we talk about on
camera babe what Michael started it
we've been fighting all day you guys we
hate each other now we're enemies so
right now me and Bridget have decided to
prank him by pretending that we're going
to but dialer so today they're in grout
yes we're pissed off Kim your punching
bag we apologize I'm gonna call Kim and
pretend that I accidentally so we'll see
what can happen here it closely in here
we are talking before she answers yeah
the thing is you know oh my god I knock
in love mint ice cream it's like so
there's a men's ice cream
mint Oh mint ice cream so no no do we
have any trick cereal gosh I don't know
we should probably go to the store soon
though man
we don't have anything I know like oh my
god I think we're out of milk you like
had the last bit of milk I love milk
it's delicious it makes you freakin
bones no Sonia oh my god have you seen
Kim's video yet where she was like
crying about the walking dead yes I felt
kind of bad for her like dude a chicks
crazy dude I feel bad for Kyle oh my god
oh my god you don't feel bad for Kyle
she's like a freakin idiot I mean I
guess they feel a little bad for Kyle I
don't know Wow Kyle just find someone
else
hello this is bullshit I'm getting mad
now
Wow all the Clyde oh my god he is so
cute I don't know I think Kim's biggest
problem is that she's over emotional I
saw in New York City I saw it in that
video I would just tell Campbell like
hey you want to go out to eat
did you like my brothers are fighting me
to dinner nothing
Jim Jim are you crying
yes you're fucking with us
Oh I might go well it's Treat time fella
lazy Rocchi Oh Dora ball Bayless doesn't
like trees he just looks at them Oh
Clyde hey hey Belle you believe you're
in a fight I know right you're lazy
raatein they're so cute
there's some weird reason Felix refuses
to take treats from Bridget I don't know
why it is so I give you a treat maybe
just doesn't tell Lucifer kiddies what's
not hitting you like Zoey's that's like
him saying fuck you know he's trying to
spray yeah I know that's like a big fuck
off big holy crap maybe doesn't like you
either are you guys this is Beatles
hello can Felix have anything Paola
there you go buddy
enjoy it's all yours it's all yours
and no not yours uh-uh fella oh my god
that is so sweet
here's Kern yeah
well that's gonna be a pretty a guy
thanks for watching
bridging our okay now uh if you like I
don't know if you guys noticed when we
were snapping at each other and it was
genuine we were fighting we were mad at
each other it was kind of like kind of a
funny fight that I don't know what we
were fighting I mean there's a lot of
stuff I was like laughing at
and I was like angry and laughing and it
it's the walking dead I think yeah I
think it has something to do with the
walking dead so I'm sorry if this vlog
is a little like another word for it uh
boring I don't want to say it's boring
we just we were just in bad moods and I
guess it comes across on the vlog so my
apologies you know the walk on a giant
the walking dead really messed me up it
was sad and then we can chain know I'm
showing the kitchen forget him we were
going to not show this but this is what
we're dealing with right now all of this
was from last night the party got out of
control during The Walking Dead this
happened easily what is this thing
oh there's more Pizza depth there's only
just this thing right here that was a
total colossal fail before anyone says
it yes this is why you're over what but
people always say we eat too much what
do you mean I'm overweight I'm fat
hey got thing with nasty well without
doing eatin it anyway I'm gonna get out
of here thanks for watching you know
walking dead soured my whole mood
Glenn's dead Abraham's dead and I like
the guy that killed him and I can't
understand why that is I love negan and
it's crazy
he's like my favorite character on
walking I know like he killed Glenn he
was my favorite and like I love Meegan
and I don't understand that anyway I
gotta lighten the mood here you guys
click like a movie to prank Bridget and
I'm gonna do a new vlog this way fun I
got a prank you man
Oh guys click like to UM I use to me Oh
like subscribe favorite RT and in the
comment section give us some ideas from
horror movies to watch we're out of
ideas thanks for watching click like I'm
gonna get her ass click like and I will
get hit what are you saying what do you
have what do you have I got nothing I
want to come out with something no
because I got compass follow me guys
