what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here for Josie yeah right there
and today it's Sunday and today don't
channa me again today I'm going out with
anger grandpa and we're looking for yard
sales oh no what
no come on don't do it today is Sunday
and tonight is the Walking Dead oh yes
The Walking Dead comes back on tonight
I've been waiting for months I'm like
I've been waiting a whole year guys I
don't think it's been a year I think was
like early this year was it and I think
so
fella here in fact merely it did feel
like a year tonight we find out who knew
Danny good kill
I don't know oh my god Megan killed one
of them with a bat and we're gonna find
out tonight tonight what did they decide
to not tell one's better I do that they
better not do that
I'm being serious you better not fucking
do that okay I take it seriously
so okay forget it today a Sunday it day
and today um we said today so many times
today is today and today I'm going with
Grandpa today today today Bert's I wish
to light you cameras not really picking
it up but late Bridgette basically has a
lazy dress up like Liberace and it's
like sparkling when he steps into the
Sun was walking Halloween decoration man
what a momma do too you know yeah
there's no there is no Hannah okay get
it Leah's were just lazy shining all
over the couch in the floor the walls I
know it's not even picking up as well as
on cameras is in person but like Lacey's
behind the camera candelabra here leaves
I got your little hat oh there is a hat
oh he likes be dressed up
haha
how do you know he likes this he just
put his head in it ah look Clyde's like
bullying them oh I got it okay Shannon
you've gone too far
Felix just over there looking at the
little light beams coming off a lazy
Rocky's outfit over there holy lady's
like don't hate me because I'm beautiful
not only is lazy of walking Halloween
decorations he's also a cat yeah he's
both huge you like unique a toy well I
am in the car with Grandpa we were going
yard selling and the first part I notice
is dad has fake blood on his window in
his rear view mirror how you feeling
about that prank now no I regret every
minute of it
oh you do yeah do ah not much a little
bit well you guys set yourselves up for
being pranked bad no I'm sorry you got
some more coming come on dude what the
hell I love couldn't you have plan I
just pranking you a lot lately yeah you
have what else can you have I trust that
we think about who's we
I mean I'm thinking about it probably
Bridgette the way you are you agree I do
it anyway what the general population as
well she's the main source whatever dude
are we going to breakfast first
yeah boobies breathless
Pikul boys eating again so where is oh
so regret your decision yet what
regretting your decision yet no you know
that Santa Claus outfit is covered in
blood you can't get it clean dry I need
for Christmas yeah I see getting a new
one so dad's car is covered in fake
blood and rightfully so a real blood man
yeah so here we are at IAP mother's buy
breakfast again I forgot my wallet I
forgot you're gonna leave mine you gotta
be joking you're buying me breakfast
today come on
so sitting here with grandpa so what are
we doing giggling yards Ellen of course
Valois want to go yard sale right now
with stopping off at breakfast
uh-huh and what Alma would you get look
at the stake
oh that's a good one boy I've gotten
that it's good
no maybe the ham and cheese hopefully at
it oh I see so I gave you told you to
get the steak yeah I'll put it in steer
you wrong you like steak right a low
steak
well can't go wrong so right here I've
got chicken and waffles and pancakes and
dad's got this beast of an omelet in
half brown over hash browns and toast
you also pancakes know that that
fricking omelet is freaking huge
real good it's packed with hash browns
have you gotten to them yet huh have you
got to the hash browns yet yeah they're
in there too boy
anyway I'm not gonna film daddy cuz I
know we get to paste song yeah good on
me though Lizzie so me and Grandpa been
searching for yard sales for me8 been
minute able in two hours there's nothing
why is that these me I think I'll go
back home go to bed won't you drop me
off at home you won't drop me off at
home I'm not going to your house why do
we just gotta come future just please
we did get a good breakfast get a free
meal out of me you still pissed and I
forgot my wallet ancient you did it on
purpose I did not but as our item on
buying you breakfast you gonna get your
car clean get all that blood out you
know I do need to do that
yeah I am you know how could you do that
to me man
I figured you'd enjoy it I thought we
were gonna frickin work together and get
Tina Yeah right
I bet what did you think I was gonna
turn on you I'll get you every chance I
get
god I hate serious I can't pass up a
good prank on you we got to work
together eventually he gets prison
yeah I'm dumb now uh now we gotta get
Bridget why not against Tina yeah we
could get FINA to and Doug oh das
perfect we got to team up for Doug
we gotta get mr. Fixit deal right now
we're in the grocery store we're getting
stuff for the dinner tonight because
we're making snacks to go with we are
making snacks and hot dogs yeah wait we
did this for the debate we are a party
that's what I look like when I fight
whenever it's way by the way so let's
get it away real quick so take a look at
this yeah we've got party Halloween
style flowers this is gonna be one epic
night isn't that sad like this is our
epic night walking dead little Smokies
hot dogs and more boom yeah so yeah yeah
lots of dip so we've gone overboard
she's gone full Shannon with those and
so doesn't shine it bother you little
Hank on this
who's Hank Shannon's husband I guess
we're home and we're gonna be making one
of the things that we're having tonight
I don't want to cook everything on
camera we're making like little Smokies
and hotdogs and Chet and I've made
hotdogs on camera but this I haven't
make it this is pizza dip first step is
eight ounces of cream cheese this is 16
ounces someone do have so half of this
container basil basil
I'm just appealing to everybody verges
some people call it basil it's basil
oregano I don't know what the fuck it is
some basil some basil some oregano and
some garlic and herb seasoning and that
we just mix together now
it said Italian seasoning we didn't have
so we have this this can be very quick
see some mild cheddar cheese some on the
seasonings some mozzarella cheese pizza
sauce I don't know what Brandis is but
it's very good we just do a layer of the
pizza sauce into the whole jar they got
more it's cool yeah so I'm going with
the full jar of this hanging a layer of
pepperoni yes Bridget a double layer you
just you just cinch a little pretty
button air Marge oh baby missed a corner
I'm gonna freakin break up with you we
sliced those earlier yeah I chopped up
one bell pepper I put it in this
container and printed his label put it
on top and a barcode at the bottom
hit another layer of cheese
look good now market very good and
finally the last step more pepperonis
sweet and this is just a quick quick dip
we're gonna heat it up in the oven tools
bubbly and we want you to baby on what
temp I just put it on 400 all right
there it is so right now it's at 3
twentieths fine I don't care
popping it in there we'll be back when
it's bubbly hey guys so I just pranked
Michael and I just wanna let you know
that I didn't do an intro for the prank
so here's my intro and by the way those
are not real spoilers I promise how
could you forget to do an intro before
you I don't know so she pranks me she
tells me some lies that are not real
about the walking dead so and so got to
do an intro so you guys don't get mad
and say she spoiled the show cuz they're
not real spoilers she's just a bitch oh
why I'm not a bitch Michael I would just
turned out fun it wasn't fun it was fun
for me
you look like a big-ass hole in it and
it was real funny I'm embarrassed of
this delete it we're not using out
please guys that was so funny oh my god
guy cover the lens laughing I'm not
laughing Emma
hey yeah they get my more stop
oh I thought you were done ten minutes
ago you're gonna cry when I break up
intro oh my god Michael Michael I just
read something Michael I just read
something really bad I just read to
thank you
Karl daya's what Karl dies
negan kills Karl oh I just read it
I just freakin read it oh I'm not oh my
god it leaked it did
Karl freakin died okay cool
Google search the walking dead bleep
walking dead bleep what fuck
Karl dives why was funny because I
brought it and I thought you should know
no Michael oh you read and we're pissed
off and get one of the only one - for
good for me - why are you shut up
because I wanted you to know I didn't
wanna be the only one you do it to me as
all I'm sorry
so Karl dies it won't get seems nice
with the name possibly what no what
happened was Carl died and then Rick
killed negan there's someone
yes that's what I read oh yeah give it
back up
Michael I'm I'm not so bad I feel it too
come on let's do this
I heard any footage you're filming it
give it here okay
she got me you guys she decided let's
pump it up talk oh it's all zoomed in is
it that's part of the joke that is
zoomed in on my face but yeah guys shut
up dude that's true you growing you're
getting a headache
oh I'm smashing this I need you to stop
now
Michael I'm sorry please what please
stop we can't even upload this people
gonna be pissed that you just spoiled
him we're not gonna catch this everybody
off you've ruined it I can't use it
you've embarrassed me and you pissed off
people let me see that
no let me see no thank you
Frank it's not a prank I just saw it on
my phone then Elite hey calm down
so I guess you planted all those Google
stories that the freakin episode wait
Michael it's a prank I didn't read shit
but I did read something about like not
true stories I don't know huh what well
joking I know it was Darryl that dies no
he didn't
what no he didn't know what yeah yes
Darryl dies on The Walking Dead
no what does it Oh Bridget gonna cry cuz
her favorite character goes he doesn't
die Michael yeah I'm glad I spoiled it
for you you decided to try to spoil it
for me well I really spoiled it Darryl
they crack him in the head and then
shoot him with his own crossbow
I didn't read it any better I can't
believe I fell for that
I know instantly right after the other
nada so we need something to eat this
pizza dip with I'm still mad at you
Bridget
oh shut up you got me too
did you record an intro and tell people
that it's not real spoilers because
they're gonna hate you no oh my gosh I
should do that right now so hang on I
got you know let's do this you do it
after this so first we take these look
we're gonna take pita chips and I'm
brushing a little olive oil on each one
I'm not gonna show you each one because
it's much time
so is this pepper salt salt and then
little salt so little olive oil a little
salt pop them in the oven now due to
your intro sorry for freaking out you
guys I didn't mean it that's all I
wanted to say how to take a minute Brits
walked outside sorry for yelling our
side was shitty
so I freaked out anyway my apologies
let's finish this Deb so we'll check on
this dip it's time to come out look at
there oh come on there we go
look at that get the pita chips under it
a little bit of dip there we'll go ahead
and take this out get on my hand so that
is what the dip looks like and we take
it out there Oh should probably sit it
on something huh
okay it's time to try some of this dip I
got a pita chip here we go let's dig in
there with it still hope pepperoni okay
technical difficulties folks listen good
God has hidden burning my favorite so
hot okay
god damn okay um we're chasing is
delicious hey let's cool this off huh
you go you're so sweet
oh my god is he the face you made holy
crap show gum so there it is mom good
ain't it it's really good guys you
should make this Wow there is you guys
pizza dip
you're so sweet Michael now you don't
just need pita chips for this you can
use tortilla chips breadsticks garlic
knots
whenever you use dipp'd this is just a
delicious pizza dip so I'm gonna try it
right now with a little tostada
he was go get a pepperoni I was burning
freakin hot holy crap just go for it oh
my gosh oh my god oh my god third-degree
burns and his mouth right now we're
going to the hospital but thanks for
watching guys
that's almost gonna be a pretty day you
guys not quite though because somebody
just popped in and it's Doug and look at
him Bridget all he's doing is thinking
about VR because he wants to play VR
Doug if you gonna make the bench you
gotta go full on make it extra
goofy-looking full cross-eyed there we
go
Doug's addicted to VR so every he's
acting like he's joking but right when
he walked in he goes VR VR VR needs your
give me the fee or he's had this
glazed-over look in his eyes Doug we
good
okay dad give me your they ain't even
remotely kidding you guys and I'm afraid
that if we let him play
we are with her we're gonna make walking
dead I know is that recording PR oh yeah
a virgin
your dad has lost that he's unhinged Oh
Oh God one eye is crossed look at this
is that where I get it from you do oh my
god you are free I'm leaving you I'm
finding a new family we're done Bridget
well that's gonna be a better day you
guys thanks for watching your long day
made some dip for the walking dead
Bridget pranked me I apologize for
freaking out like I did I'm sorry
Bridget sorry if you got me really I
shouldn't have pranked you on walking
dead day yeah and actually walking is my
favorite show and it's not I love it
though it's a great show like I'm just
so excited for it so anyway enjoy the
walking dead no we didn't spoil it in
case you thought we did that's gonna be
it and by the way uh if Carl dies it was
a coincidence
ya know I didn't read anything so anyway
like subscribe favorite fallen
everything but it was you still doing it
right good PR you might watch like what
the hell you okay yeah you are Michael I
need to be are I need to the URL we're
calling somebody medical we are call
somebody in the medical field ASAP you
were the hell hey both of you
