what's going on you guys kid behind the
camera here for Josie yeah Tina here
grandpa
here they're pissed at each other and
the both you can go to hell hmm we'll
meet you there
so today is Thursday and today these
assholes prank me including this asshole
no I didn't was she part of it yes she
was so TJ told me about it that's it
well that means you knew yeah it
happened that's right you brought him
over to it even you're gonna stab me
you're an accessory after the fact you
would be mad at me if I told him am i
right you're an accessory after the fact
you drove him for this how about this
you're welcome I didn't tell him you
just remember that oh now we got a
spanker oh god damn okay you're welcome
he's kid radd you guys hate each other
Dibley is there a bunny anymore no
wonder you spending her food shut up you
spit in your stupid oh why I'm gonna
spit in your food for you yeah I know
every time dads make a boot you're like
I don't know
today is Thursday today there's a
freaking train doesn't it no I'm
vlogging today is Thursday take it
yes Thursday is a Thursday
this Friday hey Friday are you serious
happy fun Friday oh no what yes sit down
and today is Friday today we're going
ghost hunting these assholes got me I'm
not uploading the video how about that
let's get the day started y'all click
like if y'all see the video who put the
shit up you better put it up
you better that wasn't right do it oh
don't cry about it just do it dad want
me to tell you you stank the youngin
always get what they want go home dad
want you to say what you said that you
smelly crab why did you say that
why didn't she know better should I
upload it if you don't can hear gonna
have crabs y'all click like you'll put
it up I'm humiliated but you know what
both y'all deserve to rot together
yeehaw y'all be there with us you laying
the enemy hmm didn't think Bridgette
really did it don't kid I didn't do
nothing forget it was I'm given a pony I
don't care I'm back from Grandpa's house
and by the way I'm still mad at
Bridgette Michael and dad man Tina no
let me just tell you what really
happened ok save it I don't we got
something else to do it wasn't my idea
we got something else to do so right now
it's time for us to do a little Ghost
Box research now if you don't know what
the ghost box is the ghost box is just a
broken radio and what it does is cycles
through radio frequencies and the idea
is that if there are dead people around
they can use this to talk to us over the
radio frequencies now personally I don't
believe it
I definitely but I do it every year
because there's always interesting
results I recommend you watch this with
your headphones on because there's
always stuff that I find with the
headphones that aren't loud enough
without the headphones to hear so I
recommend headphones and if you hear
something that we don't let us know in
the comments let us know the timestamp
you heard it and we'll check it out our
cell
but first it's time for a little bit of
ghost box research whoo guys it's so
scary but if there's anybody in here
that's dead you can use this box to talk
to us with is there anybody here yes or
no right off the bat let's go up this
there are you dead or alive are you dead
or alive
can you see me what am i holding how do
people work oh stop it
are you coming yes
do you know angry grandpa how many
fingers am i holding up what thirty
never but I heard somebody say three
what is your name are you dead or alive
how many fingers am i holding up
are you dead or alive do you see a light
do you have a message for anybody did
you say help how many fingers am i
holding up I'm really quiet you see any
spirits you let me know okay oh five you
see me spirits trying to get through the
fence did you see something quite help
us please you scared me and I really
hate you now I'm sorry you're single
Bella
yes or no did you see any spirits yes oh
my gosh that was her way of saying yes
why did she why did I give her a guy's
boys I don't know the female sorry by
that Bella did you see any ghosts I sure
did
now you're probably noticing in this
video that I keep asking how many
fingers am i holding up and the reason I
do is because I feel like that sort of
confirmation if I say how many fingers
I'm holding up and it says - I was just
checking so some people say to come by
water and you might hear more ghosts by
the water
I say ridiculous but well
we crazy to get pushed on don't push me
I'm not are you in heaven or hell so the
history of this area is crazy there was
a lot of hunting and people were hung it
was a horrible horrible timing and job
maybe like a graveyard or on your tail
please don't no not today not doing this
please what it was right the first thing
that came up was up tomorrow 1816 hmm
that's great I'm scared Michael are you
dead or alive what are you looking at
shooting star
god no you didn't I did as a matter of
fact yeah there's supposed to be a thing
tonight oh it's fine haha how many
fingers am i holding up are there any
spirits in here
Peter rolls he - rolls
what the hell oh my gosh
Oh oh my god them no I don't know
hi hot if right Pollan are there any
spirits in here hungry hey Charles oh my
god Bridget look holy crap how could it
have known I don't know
oh shit Michael how shit Michael skin
over yeah I went through Halloween
sufism don't come on get in here are
there any spirits you I'll kill you if
there's anybody in here we cannot help
you help how to go this isn't the house
for you go down the street so that's it
for the ghost tour this year the ghost
tour the ghost hunt we do it every year
uh I don't know if we got anything on
the ghost box yet not that we would get
anything cuz I believe in ghosts but I
don't think we got anything I think you
believe this whole time I didn't really
hear anything usually all I might hear
something
but this time I don't hear anything so I
don't know if we got anything let us
know if you hear anything that we didn't
hear in the comment section let us know
a timestamp we'll check it out I don't
think we got anything but there we go
there's the ghost hunt in our new house
hopefully there's no spirits
Bridget made me do off-camera do like a
whole thing like okay I can't help you
go to the light all that the house it
was basically like get fuck out okay
your victim so that's it for the go sign
you guys so before we did the outro
today I wanted to talk about the prank
because I haven't had time to like
digest the information cuz I had to come
over here and do the Ghost Box I thought
we were pranking Tina today you see we
were but um hold on hold on did you hide
my glasses
no you hit my glasses you didn't want me
just you didn't want me to see correctly
didn't hear you guys gonna see all this
tomorrow no maybe you're not Michael I
didn't do nothing they pranked me you
guys and I thought we were pranking Tina
I thought we were in doing something
together for once I thought we were like
a cohesive unit I thought we were
tightly now so yeah let's get Tina yeah
celebrate and I'm sorry I told you guys
the other day to choose somebody who you
wanted us to prank with that clown Santa
Claus outfit and everybody chose Tina it
was overwhelming to like ever go get
Tina I'm sorry they got me and Michael
honestly I'm sorry you are not how can I
resist you'd have done it too
probably okay but I think I've tried to
flip Tina and Grandpa against each other
you saw some of it in this book you're
gonna see all that tomorrow if you guys
want to see it it was very funny I was
robbed
well that's gonna be a fritter day guys
thanks for watching I had a shitty day
Bridget um no not so much
yeah her day was just fine no I mean I
was sick actually like all day so she
says it was probably had something to
with the prank I don't know maybe maybe
you oughta me to think if you were sick
you couldn't prank me that's fine I'm
gonna get out of here thanks for
watching you guys did the Ghost Box I
got pranked click like if you want to
see it that's gonna be it like subscribe
favorite fun everything for to us and
that's it I'm sorry you rejected
Oh God Bridget
