what's going on you guys Tippie on a
camera here for Joey yard right there
and today what day is tomorrow
wait so you don't know what that is
either no it's gonna say Wednesday okay
well okay literally it's Tuesday you're
watching this on Wednesday today is
Wednesday today is Tuesday
yes but this going up on Wednesday okay
today is Wednesday and today we're
pranking grandpa no don't get too
excited
it might not work it's oh come on if I
don't work it's such a good idea
oh my god so uh something that grandpa's
afraid of you might have heard him talk
about an implant in the past logs is the
shadow man or shadow people now Shadow
Man is a Charleston urban legend about a
ghost that you see before you die and
it's a shadow and we got some costumes
at the costume shop for the shadow
people and they got glowing red eyes and
they're just these dark shadowy figures
and I'm hoping that grandpa wakes up
sees them freaks out it's a pretty
simple formula milk I really hope it
isn't a flop because this is a really
good idea yeah what if he just seasonal
head because to what the hair is that
Mike we do happen before they must be
saved it know we did a video and we have
some guy that costume and it failed and
I was like scrap the video yes laughing
and we felt so in confident it was
creepy that's not gonna happen no matter
what they're not happy as a matter of
fact of you if you don't
as I said they don't see this intro if
you see this intro it worked
otherwise if it failed I'm doing a whole
new intro so I don't know forget it
today's Tuesday we got to get ready
grandpa you getting pranked yeah well we
decided to come out here for a little
dip in the pool budget you won't feel me
going in cuz it's so freaking cold
yeah don't know I don't
Oh sir close you know I don't like being
pushed in okay uh it's cold dude how to
hold frickin cold as cold as the other
night
no yeah don't say that Oh freaking liar
how am I gonna get in if it's not cold
I'm waiting my time to get in that well
can I at least get my feet in there you
cannot you are gonna push me and you'll
come with me I got I swear to God I
won't Michael please go over there for
what I want the rail so I can go Adam
and I got a film it's a glove fuck fuck
never fear i doing the Ridgid you let me
take my time I don't think maybe I want
to take my time
maybe the camp no you're going in no let
me take my time dude um come on dude
don't much wrong with that you were
taking wait you want to get in here oh
my gosh it's so cold
no no no no back up
back away I said I want to take my time
oh god this is so cool when I get no
warmer okay
I'm just covering yes all right you guys
today we got a special guest a lot of
you have been asking me you know where's
Charlie
what's going on with Charles you want to
know where he is how he's doing you
haven't heard from him well he's right
here Charles what's going on man down
trees we have two branches leaves
littering stretches of Bono's black oak
roads picking up the pieces Berkley
Tommy's in mate work crew get the rest
of the stuff in big big stuff inmates
like Charlie green are used to picking
up litter this is different some of
these trees are kind of heavy
you know so I mean that's really bad
interesting a few snakes you fighters
and the wildlife you know but other than
that not really hasn't very been been
very difficult you know we just didn't
one step at a time
it's tough work but pretty says it's a
job he's thankful for no I kind of get a
little satisfaction you like say helping
out the community and and cleaning
things up and kind of feels like making
a difference out here instead of just
you know laying in your bed all day so I
talked to Charles he's the one who told
me to watch the news and he wanted me to
guys to film it he wanted me to film it
for you guys so if you were think I was
being insensitive that's not what I was
doing he wanted me to film it he wanted
you guys to know what was going on and
he wanted me to tell you guys why he's
in jail so what happened is before he
moved in with Grandpa over a year ago uh
he got arrested for a hit and run and
when he was doing that he lost his job
and he lost his ability to pay his child
support and he owed a lot of back child
support and the judge told him if he
could pay off this a sum of child
support that they would be able to you
know take it off of his account and what
they were doing is putting an extra
amount on his child support every month
and I was helping him pay his child
support and I guess it wasn't enough to
pay off the back child support so we
went back for another hearing and they
found him in contempt of court because
he hadn't paid the child support and
they sent him right to jail we couldn't
get him out so that's what's going on
with Charles he's in jail
he is Charlie green inmate according to
the news
so Charles we miss you man
and best believe I can't say it can I
yeah no yeah we got plans but that's in
the future forget I've said too much
I've said too much right cover it cover
it back was going on with Charles
well now it's Wednesday last night we
did a grandpa shadow people prank and
there's no aftermath and the reason
there's no aftermath is because we
dropped the camera we were using for the
prank I used a couple of cameras ones
with night vision and it dropped now as
of right now I'm afraid to record it
because if it's broken I don't want to
record over the footage of the guys or
what if we can't get it off because
right now the battery is totally dead or
it's broken I don't know I'm a little
freaked out because if it is we've lost
that anything kind of a little don't say
bad look at this how the hell did even
cause this sucks bro leave
oh my gosh so yeah I'm gonna cry and
watch this battery like doesn't even say
yet really so if we lost that footage
Bridget I'm gonna cry what do we do we
we promised all you guys yesterday's
vlog we were pranking grandpa and we may
not have even break them but everything
might be screwed up and I'm really mad
right now I'm trying not to flip out it
all depends if I can fix this freaking
camera because here's the thing well
there was a freaking memory card in
there um where is the memory card Oh No
come on yes
yeah they asked for a camera and if you
asked for a camera how about a memory
card oh my gosh every car was in the
pocket on my shorts oh my gosh just such
a relieve I don't know how it all
depends budget do we have the footage
don't say that hey you never know dude
if there's no footage you're cutting out
my screen I was too excited got it
yeah yes I was really afraid we got the
camera you guys let's go I'm gonna do
pussy ah for this scene I'm going to be
filming on this camera now you'll notice
the audio oh my gosh you haven't used
one of these and forever now there's a
reason I'm doing this Richie it's not an
intro so the reason I'm filming the
reason I'm filming on this camera is
because I saw the video has been out for
about 30 minutes and some of the
comments that I'm getting people said Oh
totally fake you can see a light
flashing on anger grandpa now people
saying you can see a light in the night
vision oh my god there is a light in the
video but it's here
what the hell now the reason I did that
light is because I was trying to get his
attention because he wasn't doing
anything so I flashed up my phone white
so he would maybe see the light but the
light that you're seeing in the night
vision
that's just night vision I thought the
light was from his phone the light on
him ya know that's just how night vision
works bridge or watch this I'm just
gonna click on night shot now as a look
look at Spurgeon holy crap that's I
might at that there's no light well yeah
there's not even why don't miss yet
there's no light so let's go into the
bathroom folks so I'm shutting the
bathroom door because I don't know why
this is a thing but I'm now going to
point the camera at the mirror so you
can see there's even a light on it oh it
looks like there's a light but let's
click on the light boom the light looks
like it's coming from this which is the
night vision so there actually is not a
light coming out of it
it's just how night-vision works I can't
explain the shit some people are so
going to be like oh clearly there was a
light so I'm filming with both cameras
so you can see holy crap right here the
night vision is thing is right there
there's no light coming out of it
they're not seem to be like a red dot
but that must be what causes it and as
you can see it looks like it's turned on
so not night-vision foot well night
vision no light wait
I'll cover up this key so if you haven't
seen the shadow people prank I'm going
to show you guys a preview of it right
here you want to see it check out the
link is below you know I wanted to take
a second to talk about you know why this
is such a terrifying prank for grandpa I
haven't really talked about that enough
yet so dad has always been terrified of
the Shadow Man which is a local
Charleston urban legend about the shadow
you see before you die and so he always
talks about seeing things when he sleeps
and I think it's like a form of sleep
paralysis which is what he calls to hag
which is what you call shadow people but
only you wake up and you can't move and
you see things like
shadows and things in the distance and
hags and so I wanted to do a prank using
the shadow people and so I got you know
a couple of shadow people costumes and I
did this hello
whoo - put it out who the hell is this
what the hell get away today I did not
think Bridgette it was gonna be so hard
to pull this frickin prank up I thought
he was gonna wake up right away and that
would be that prank took about 30
minutes now it looks like it all
happened around one time I had to call
my friend Isaac I had to tell him to
make dad phone calls he called about 15
times I kind of half of him out it's
crazy how hard it was to wake his ass up
I wonder what he was dreaming about uno
candy I don't know what that dreams
about 10 wheels
ten wheels like pinwheels circling in
his head I'm so funny dude visions of
sugarplums dancing him out here so I
don't know what the hell he was it took
forever at one point I was like I was
thinking I was like let's just jump on
him you know
let's just jump on the frickin bed and
get it over with this was one of the
harder pranks I've ever had to pull off
if you haven't seen it check out the
link it's below it's also gonna be at
the end of this video
it's genuinely unnerving to wake up and
see those cloaked black figures with red
eyes so if you haven't seen it check it
out is genuinely creepy oh my god I just
did that for you no it's not even funny
I did it so you would think you scared
no but real is a lot all the camera well
I'm gonna get out of here thanks for
watching you guys we're getting ready to
watch this debate between Hillary and
Trump oh so good day it's been a good
day we heard from Charles who is in jail
so you know I also recorded the hype
piece I don't know why I'm gonna show it
because you saw the full piece but this
is what they used to hype it there is
always debris the inmates are all
nonviolent offenders and don't get paid
but they do receive
many feel is more valuable than money
find out what that is coming up on ABC
News 4 at 7:00 anyway that's what's
going on with Charles that's what's
going on with us we're getting out of
here thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe favorite hell on everything
for to us and like if I should prank
Bridget next okay you were so gang got
complete look like oh my god
why do I always fall for that bullshit
no that's it good
you
