what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here fedoras here right there and
today and today is Tuesday and today we
are gong can I am I allowed to join it
at any point of this today is Tuesday
and today we're installing the
PlayStation VR wasn't what that screen
you want to retry that yeah okay today
we're installing PlayStation VR no
laughing hospital guys there's something
wrong with bridge I think's in the
esophagus region you give you one more
chance otherwise we're gonna write to
the hospital okay
PlayStation VR hang on Wow sound all
right normal that's how to Norman I
don't want to hear it again so it's fine
no so PlayStation VR stays for virtual
reality
oh god kick it's good today start I'm
now going through the wires here I've
tried to put some of this stuff together
I was trying to have some of the put
together before we start recording I
guess I didn't realize but it's taking
you like five hours rigid five hours a
lie five hours now I just didn't realize
I needed an engineering degree to look
at what's the one on the daughters
wiring why can't I just plug it into the
PlayStation I don't know I'll read the
direction I don't want to read know
we're there Michael read the damn
directions or the directions right there
that's it hey no I don't read directions
and I never will
sorry for that I'm seriously really
fucking mad right now don't tell me if
you're gonna be mad at me better good
what then because you're obviously too
dumb to put it together I'm embarrassed
don't be worried you should be very
embarrassed
so I'm embarrassed for you actually shut
this right up your ass
God commands cannot soup are very cheap
it's got numbers I'm sorry
300 mate maybe your bitch ash in ripped
up the directions
Bridget oh where does one go where does
to go so hey I got an idea what what
it's kind of smashing against the floor
I'll just take it back you're a freakin
run away with the box of completely
yesterday unraveling the damn thing
we'll see yeah yeah Saint Seiya felt the
trunk let's go you really want to do
that for real yes you also don't know
how to do it I don't know how to do it
I'll have more fun stop let us stop and
get her money back chill out so I want
to figure it out the rating he's not
helping I just want to install this
stupid piece of shit I'm overreacting
and I know I me too and I'm sorry I'm
not sorry thank you though for the
apology okay so obviously digested oh my
gosh how did you figure that one out oh
my god nah you see what she just did to
me I was really happy for a second I
thought again rooted on by this
obviously goes no power supply right
there what the don't break it
I just did come on watch your brother
the drugs oh I'm gonna take mom Bridget
I don't need directions okay yeah for
this part
Oh Oh God yeah you named John out of it
cuz I don't know I just figured that
what is that what what else I don't know
girl do you get it I don't know what to
do I'm stupid your hair folks are too
stupid to install Playstation that's the
kind of stupid I am no you're not make
me feel so damn that I'm sorry uh I take
everything I said back I'll reject it
it's just crazy it's taken like five
hours and you I started last night when
you went to bed oh that's that I gave up
and went bad dude what's that about just
good luck
come on it's time to Google hobbies neck
is there please God tell me it's over
after this okay this is this is not what
it is why is it gonna involve so much
look at this it's like what is that
thing do you turn it on look at this
bullshit why can't I just plug it in
this is so hard look at all this dude
why do you need that much it's lit up
look it's lit up one who does green
white as I'm putting it on it doesn't
watch same time get us both I have seen
it fire aah oh my god it's discretely
it's the same freeze here holy shit it
works yeah
yeah yeah Dressen what all right I'm
sorry dude I'm so excited see the camera
can see it too
yeah oh my god oh my god so we're gonna
see if the camera can pick up what we
see inside yeah calm your ass sorry what
what there we go
oh my gosh there it is a little bit
that's what it looks like oh my god make
a putt in the game what game a scary
game I'll be right back
arrangement black what what Kinect
PlayStation camera wife where's the
eyebrow
no got the damn PlayStation camera well
what where's that uh-huh we don't have
one why did it come with it no
apparently not
Bridget oh my god well we're fucked
because we don't got the PlayStation
camera we got to go to grandpa's house
and we got to go to Walmart or Best Buy
or whatever where a girl ends up where
our I'm right there bitch don't what the
hell is that
so the stupid piece of crap is now
telling us that we got to get the camera
which I didn't know it doesn't say shit
about it that we need a camera so we
gotta go well I'm sitting here with
grandpa clown what's you making
you're gonna write oh so you sauteed
vegetables up first have to that's
pretty good he's a good flavor
you know I'm still thinking about that
frickin Santa clown shit you did
yesterday dude yeah I want to prank
somebody with a clown outfit you want to
prank somebody with it yeah whoo I don't
know man
what about does nah dougie don't fall
for it Mergent you make your devil fall
for that honestly no it's Holly blouse
okay got me somebody underneath the
young is made out here huh
let us know in the comments below who
you think very much to prank with it and
smack that like button a bunch of times
if you want him to do it I really wanna
do about don't wanna do it why oh you
already working scared to do it
it was in uh scared yeah you scared I
don't know that's right prank somebody
like that what why you know somebody
don't know uh or I mean at the clown
like your nose about you you just like
lying at this point you love freaking
prank at me well I'll think about doing
it if the young is gone I'll do it well
then smack the like button guys all day
if the young won't meet you of course he
wants you to do it the day that I got
pig who we gonna do I'm well yeah let's
look like I'm Bob already quick like I I
did you i click like and I'm filming it
right now so yes let us know in the
comment and click the like button
yeah I'll do it is if a if there's none
of known guru light and come over the
right person will do it here you come
over whoever the kick
oh hey baby hey Charlie I'm a girl and
my girl first my girl yes where he is
how you hurt you my girl
yeah a gear baby in here
oh they're all coming up William a girl
- yeah oh you might big your oh yeah you
could daddy your daddy that you cute the
softer side of Grandma you know softer
side of my dog hey let me start us up
cuz he's getting a hands off a shit
anyway if they wanna do out like out
I'll do it
I can't even help you with dinner no you
can't afford either what you ain't made
it up nuh-uh none of the boys like
chicken arise I know that's why I waited
I'm eating hamburgers and I can't stay
for chicken and rice yeah what you know
I'm leaving forget it yeah my bye-bye
get out go could I get a on now I'll go
then well we are back home and we got a
camera it really should have came with
it but it didn't of course it should
what is that it's like it's like is that
it better yet it's all I got to do no
message is palpable narrative but I was
like buying a ps4 with no controller so
what the hell I don't know if it tells
me it works or what's going on don't
like baking a cake with no I said I just
got to show how much shit is involved
with this look at this you got to plug
all these wires to that you plug into
that into the camera this sucks
if it don't work blu-ray but no disc can
we tell you something because yeah
you're right big star sense to me via
evade my extra money
what oh that is so cool
so look around whoa
oh boy oh fuck all right you're good
lots of surface debris whoa whoa
Michael Jesus what the hell dude it was
really good is it that dangerous I got
bumped out those rail I think a whole
round emerges cannot wait to play holy
crap
Oh shark shark
okay holy crap haha what's it look like
was that like it sure so see
it's coming oh oh my god it seems too
fucking real virgin okay
no come back he's coming
hey no oh my god is it that scary
can i play yet I want to play oh my gosh
are you crying so we plan this virtual
reality for a little while it's good you
guys it's pretty crazy uh we have a
horror game we haven't played that yet
oh my god really can you play it for me
absolutely not so we've got Batman and
some virtual reality world game and some
horror game so oh my god I only played a
horror it's pretty scary but here's the
problem I want to play all night but we
got a prank to plan so you guys don't
know dad's getting pranked tonight by
the time this is up we'll already be
over there working on prank in his ass
well not maybe not quite but enough time
where he's not going to know so dad
sorry ahead of time sorry I'm friend
sweet dreams
why can we play nope
you don't have a choice but you don't
worry
are you really fun to cry again open
your eyes
Harrison it's real dude it is not real
you jump real well that's gonna be a
further day you guys thanks for watching
admittedly it was a rough start to the
day I couldn't get the virtual reality
set up
I'm really sorry babe hey we got a set
up and now it's scaring us but
unfortunately we don't have much longer
with it
cuz we gotta get ready for this prank
follow me on twitter follow Bridgette on
Twitter and we'll give you some update
get culinarian to forget it now I know
you if I did and me
so no come on I'm joking come on follow
us on Twitter we'll be giving you guys
some updates tonight while we do the
prank but anyways I'm gonna get out of
here thanks for watching like subscribe
favorite fallen everything joyous
it feels so real like right I can't
describe it PlayStation VR horrifying
