what's going on you guys get behind a
camera here Bridget west not here and
today is Monday what's up foes and
bridges like you hold her arms it's like
bucket today
okay let's redo it sorry please okay
what's going on you guys can't be at a
camera here
Bridget West not here and today I found
gal gate bridge away sorry today is
Monday and today we are not doing a damn
thing I think we just upload this just
like a minute long yeah just aren't show
that's gonna be a fir day you guys
thanks for watching have a long day we
did this intro that's gonna be it like
subscribe favorite fun everything for
two eyes don't fault them so if you
didn't see the vlog we uploaded
yesterday it was angry grandpa's
birthday party and if you remember a
couple of days ago I told you guys to
click like if you wanted me to go to
grandpa's house on his birthday party
dressed up like that clown and as you
might have seen I didn't do it and
you're probably thinking I forgot so um
what you did forget up it they don't
know that little guy they don't know I
forgot anything we're starting this
whole thing over Michael cut right there
cut and you're probably thinking that I
forgot but I didn't see here's the thing
this is gonna you guys are gonna get a
kick out of this
I did not forget now although to
defensive okay hold on cut that to okay
dying cut that to so okay damn
Oh pricky ass bush
so anyway tree pricky ass tree so okay
cut okay stop this okay you're probably
thinking I forgot you've no God stop
this bullshit you're probably thinking
that I forgot but I didn't here's what
happened you just forgot here's what
happened I'll just cut around you here's
what happened I didn't want to ruin
grandpa's birthday with me running
around dressed like a clown when it was
already a sensitive day for him it's his
birthday and you just forgot I forgot
okay yeah yeah I forgot okay yeah you
did there's a lot of stuff going on and
I forgot that I asked everybody to click
like me to dress like a clown and I
didn't do it I'm sorry feel bad I forgot
to and I kind of blame you Wyatt
how could you let me forget um Michael
you forgot how could Bridgette be so
irresponsible
don't you I'm not your scapegoat I'm
joking so I forgot you guys I made a
mistake
yeah you really did forget and I'm sorry
but there's plenty of time today we're
on our way to grandpa's house right now
I don't know why it had to do that for
that why do my glasses have to come off
I don't I don't know look we're going
over to Grandpa's house I'm bringing the
clown costume and we're gonna go see
what he's up to
come on style clown stuff you clowns do
this well dry sleepy clowns I'll do
Bella Bridget why are you so cute girl
give me that Paul I just turned over I'm
sitting taco bridge and I looked over
and Bella's just sitting there you like
chillin with us
so think I don't like being down there
with other dogs I don't blame you girl
give me five
Oh another one all right you know
Misha's we're gone
she's gonna miss this we're going to
grandpa's you guys we'll be right back
well no party other stuff before then
but Bella's leaving now say bye
Oh told you guys I would do it I live it
my word here we go
damn well the pants fit
sort of I think I love the new log the
new me yeah don't laugh so laughs dad
hears so oh Lord
I was want to just done it yesterday so
what already been over oh dude honestly
I don't know how I forgot
told you I didn't forget Michael it's
not my fault okay let him walk out here
oh my oh my gosh yours
calm down with the lab okay it's I'm
sorry it's very funny and we'll go down
you want my help the camera so dude babe
hi if I do this it's either gonna kill
you or rip ah I've had it I wear like
this wait let me turn the bag they'll
give me the Heimlich maneuver
where's you come on dude do it
my hugging kids are too big oh yeah okay
we're like cash grabs what I'm doing if
he comes out here and it ruins I'm
really bad
shut up okay let me just try once more
oh geez warned me to make fun oh no I
want to see if this can work it hurts
too much
jerky your heart of me really does go me
again I smash the camera to pieces okay
this is bullshit
please your purse okay this match will
the other um try the other one no come
on dude
no I I don't know which I'm not wearing
the other one I can't breathe in it
alright then we go with this one never
sure my breath is getting blown in my
eyeball right now I don't know why
breathe through your mouth
you leave my glasses there no gosh
well we're hearing you're not keeping
another footage get dressed are you um
yes well I just got to Grandpa's house
let's give a little birthday cake
ah hey
yeah huh our use in the journey you
probably in there
Oh
that's
we're all float down here what now we
float without a yard we're all fucked
and when you're down here you're needing
it you fucking idiot God ah
hey you stupid and birthday
what's your coconut cake yeah you let me
get you ring it the clown so I'm here
tainment here yeah you're the plum okay
I'm not like a revolting blob ah so
laughing Adam he's but night goodbye
yeah
hey oh yeah though oh my god you give my
ad better hey you don't know he's a
birthday clown
matter what he's a birthday clown you're
going all right hey angry grandpa
me fati fo daddy food that's the name
you gave to the cladogram business
remember
I can't wait this no more you know this
is not what I expected embarrassed you
are the entire
make sure you eat let me go Khun Danai
ah God give me a kiss baby no let's all
admit that just turned terrifyingly yeah
I'm not joking you were terrifying that
ah look look you self I look good
holy shit do you lose terrifying clown
I've ever seen Oh God look at me I'm not
kidding I'm scared of clowns I can't
what hey hey hehehe s me is tankini
sorry ATM camera ah you look again bug
of distance hey hey you're getting your
the cow chicken yeah be alone ha ha ha
ha ha that's mean
give me a little kiss will yes I'm
honest your daughter you don't want to
go back yeah oh good god you're done
that's it Bridget I got a class boy get
out of here I got clawed for you what I
got a crowd I'm minute okay well we're
bad you made me Pam say what you ready
for you clown yes oh my god oh my god
Merry Christmas dear that is demented Oh
hehe I'm gonna bust your knees this is
the craziest thing I've ever said home
I'm gonna have some fun this is
this is unholy oh my god she doesn't
creepy stare scene Wow one two three
four five that have you gotta need us
you're scaring me that stop it so right
now
grandpa's hiding behind a tree of sand
I'm gonna show you get into position so
I'm gonna show you he wants to get
filmed like this so hey Sarah
ah Jigga treat what are you over cuz
with buddy yeah gettin it one day
bringing that only thing I do is kill
people Christmas dude you have come
unhinged I owe you unhinge we gotta
figure something for this video we got
to figure something for a future video
with this maybe around Christmas yeah
before the vlog ends I want to show you
guys something that we just got for a
future video maybe a prank that's up to
you guys but if you guys want to see you
setting it up let us know in the comment
section but
PlayStation VR Michael Michael please
please please hook it up tonight please
we gotta wait for tomorrow's vlog No
now then I'm sort of getting an idea for
a PlayStation VR prank
I told Bridget what it was Oh click like
if you guys want us to do that cuz it's
gonna cause it's gonna be a lot of work
so if you guys want the PlayStation VR
prank smack that like button a bunch of
times let's get this PlayStation VR
going I'm gonna go in the house I'm
gonna take a look at it ah maybe I'll
unbox it but tomorrow we're hooking it
up in the vlog let's get out but I was
about to say asses and I felt nasty for
saying asses well you grody mouth flip
let's get inside
so right up here we just happened to
look as we were going in come on
unblurred I don't know why this wants to
be blurred right now I know it's
focusing on the reflection lame a thing
is so cute there we go so we noticed
there was a frog just sort of chill in
there are you doing buddy so cute you
don't give a shit are you gonna laugh it
jumps on you now you all whoa whoa got a
little too close to him I apologize to
you buddy
I'm gonna go and pitch him let you go
whoa what of it where'd it go
Oh what sleep alone bye bud have fun
he's gone yeah he's gone man this you
got a secure don't they yeah how they do
we are doing the unboxing now of the
PlayStation VR and I'm really excited
dude me too
very good you got a scary game for right
yeah oh my gosh
we need part of my prank that I was
thinking
okay cut that part here we go
are you serious blocks in the fog Juno's
give me another one
ain't no one still knows this is crazy
alright this is crazy
let's go and sit this down and look at
it cuz this looks complicated I'm sort
of wire see what we're dealing with a
mess it's like my head's too fat for it
oh don't say that can't play VR Wow Wow
totally dark it look like something from
space look okay guys
oh I'm so excited like in this like wow
I didn't see that coming so I roll
that's Clyde what that's Clyde okay
trying well this is the PlayStation VR
we're going to set this up for
tomorrow's vlog and remember smack the
like button if you wants to do a prank
mmm I'm definitely gonna click like I've
already clicked like I already have to
like ten minutes ago I click like twice
well then that means you didn't like it
oh that unlike that I think so no I have
two YouTube accounts oh shit
I like I collect twice okay I've three
just kidding earlier one
