what's going on you guys kid beyond a
camera here for Jersey yeah right there
and today it's grandpa's birthday angry
grandpa 66 birthday is to day to day and
today we're going over to his house for
a little party now he doesn't want
anything big and he doesn't even want a
party oh one of his gifts was the car as
you guys saw and I got out I guess I'm
gonna give him tomorrow so I don't think
we're gonna do any presents today but
I'm going to do a cookout grandpa said
he wants to cook nothing we're doing
hotdogs were doing bratwurst we're doing
chicken we're cooking anyway so only
Holly should make wind-up I we had to
talked about it we're doing wind-up
okay she forgets things easily Oh No so
today is grandpa's birthday and if you
didn't see the vlogs we uploaded
yesterday it was Cindy's birthday and by
the way yes I said vlogs plural too - we
did a double upload yesterday so if you
didn't see both of them check them out
both of the links are below if you guys
want to do more double uploads smack
that like button a bunch of times so
anyway it's time for us to start cooking
it's time for us to make a peach cobbler
it's time for us to make a wing dip
let's get this birthday started ain't
your Grandpa's style had birthday anger
Paul Hegarty anger grandpa is my father
he's the last one baby birthday now it's
time to start making grandpa's birthday
dinner starting with his dessert which I
don't know if a lot of you guys know it
but grandpa's favorite dessert is peach
cobbler so I'm making it you're gonna
start off one cup of Bisquick ooh one
cup of half-and-half should have had
this open I'm pretty ready what an image
so a cup of half-and-half is this your
first time making it yes it is I thought
it's gonna be real bad I'll fuck it up
apple dinner so oh I don't think you
will happen have a little bit of nutmeg
and some vanilla
we got that you're going to stir it all
together so everything that I just said
ignore because we're doubling up on the
recipe so what I actually meant to say
was two cups of this week not one and
how much butter and a whole cup of
butter melted and 2 cups of
half-and-half that's what I meant to say
but it came out so another cup of
half-and-half
some more vanilla some note some more
nutmeg and butter butter
you forget the putter who's forgetting
the butters right here by hands Oh pop
it in the microwave Bridget I can do
that
so right now we're going to film and see
if we can see the butter yourselves
liquefies I think is cool
oh my gosh heroin we are so easily
amused that is so cool
next up you take the peaches and you add
two cups of sugar to the peaches it's
two cans of twenty nine ounce can of
peaches is two of them there's leftover
sugar in there I do not think so those
you can mix these together first
now I drained it and I try to chop them
a little so mix this together really
well dang this is not this is not the
type of meal you want to eat if you have
diabetes so just throw that out there
now then we're gonna pull the peaches
right in there see um kind of one sugar
peach right there in the bone so I'm
just sort of distributing the peaches
throughout this mixture and like I said
you guys it's my first time ever making
a peach cobbler so well I'm sure it's
gonna be freakin amazing have I ruined
grandpa's peach cobbler maybe so I still
got more to do the peach cobbler has
more baking to go check this out it is
not done it is still going cakey in
there
that's got to get golden brown but I had
to finish the wing dip which needed time
to cook so right now I'm gonna have to
take a lot of it to grandpa's house to
finish I want to have a lot of it done -
it's our eating when we got there but I
still got a grill I got to do all kinds
of stuff but I'm going to grandpa's
house it's his birthday
oh do this okay Bridget is still
recording this bridget is deliberately
going slow right now Michael I don't
want the food to spell so there is the
fucking food back I need one sharp turn
and I heard a lot of rattling back then
she made a sharp turn and the
it apples and caramel spiked into the
wing damn ah it's fine though and now
she's going like a mile an hour oh oh
she just completely came to a stop okay
by the time we get to dad's house has
birthday is over okay no that's not true
look at this dude
I can run faster than this I heard
rattles hang on oh fuck
bridgie sped up well I just got to
grandpa's house I'm here with hey
birthday to me okay let me stop real
quick we did just get to Grandpa's house
uh we got here about three hours ago I
forgot to do an intro and dad changed
his shirt happy birthday to me so we're
gonna restart over even though this is
later in the vlog look he's like pot
birthday Joe Graham he pauses every time
I take away from the camera the fucking
birthday to me me hey okay so we're
gonna start over and pretend like I just
got here huh well I just got to
grandpa's house I'm here with high and
birthday to me happy birthday to me
happy birthday grandma's birthday to me
happy birthday to me grandpa's birthday
we just got here let's go cook so I'm
pretending oh let's go start some food I
have not cooked jab done nothing yet I
didn't grill hotdogs and make sliders
yet you yeah I got mine right now I'm at
Grandpa's house and I'm working on some
sliders you never see my recipe I take a
bunch of meat I mix it with onion soup
mix and a little peanut butter people
going oh my god
no it's so good oh my goood own taste
peanut butter and then I guess yeah is
this similar like White Castle burgers
but tastes like so I stretch it across
this pan so they're really thin and then
I'll bake it with onions on the top of
it
hell yeah well we got them just stuck :
total ends frigid I can't cover the
hamburger meat fine
are you guys right now we're cooking
some bratwurst you've never done this
before what this right I've done this
raw ones like this yes
are they are are my they're raw I'm just
an idiot today I know what she's even
talking about are you you gonna shut up
if you want all right that's all you
better not
oh so I don't want grandpa doing shit
this is his birthday he's chilling I got
this under control
pop ooh hot dog water what are you doing
over here
Wow Batman put it on Batman whoa you got
a bat suit under there too huh yeah you
were gone full Batman talk adores you
say something as Batman oh whoa let me
use it are you guys oh shit hold on to
my glasses
okay now here
I popped it what's the doing good Oh
Batman so what's going on you guys
keep me high back in mascara okay you
guys this is the peach cobbler skip pop
some first time I ever made it I think
it turned out pretty good I think it
turned out friggin amazing yeah ice
cream time all right hang on
this is pops favorite dessert can you
mean you don't think it always got it 1
2 3
I think what joining the operon do you
say I think you should you're really
good in here
damn I'm glad you're done hey to make a
wish
yeah I mean would you quit saying and it
worked your work
Here I am singing again it didn't work
well happy birthday dad thank you
another thumbnail Oh goddamn no jinuk on
the other cheek no dad I really hate
this no good you showering bread alone
ah yeah I know
Twiggy's yes chocolate Twinkies I never
seen that choco filled Twinkies and
regular Twinkie I love Twinkie car happy
birthday grandpa there's only one of
cars that make noises okay you got a
letter with money you know we keeping
the money I will donate this at a better
Association because they need the money
that's very fat really appreciate that
is due grandpa my name is Lou Sanchez I
am from Aurora Illinois I know this
ain't much but just to show you care
till I care for you on your special day
sending you your favorite snack yeah
they are I've been watching your video
since 2012 I really wasn't getting into
the internet especially not on Europe on
YouTube till my son started watching
your videos I would love you to call me
if you get a chance
come on Liv this is this Liz yeah
there's a GP hi how are you I am doing
great daughter I got you I got your boss
in the mill I want to call you tell you
thank you you're welcome and have a
happy birthday
you will anymore I appreciate it darling
and the money you said I made my day
well I'm glad I did you made mine and
that money you send me I'm gonna get to
the Federative so change it okay because
you know they need all the help they can
get
I hope you have a very fucking selfish
and I Michael I said hello
you tell they're right here hello hello
fine I'm very good how are you
Jenna Bridget Hey yeah they don't listen
to me oh shit just spit over some you
can join it warning danger yeah oh man
this looks dangerous
Wow
oh man Oh zip zip that's a nice nice
dude oh okay dad whoa that is just
waiting to Fergie oh oh yeah be careful
with it I can't take this oh look at
feel it who sent this you didn't say
when pivotal - who said I will join you
man thank you I love it yeah okay I am
afraid of that one that's a nice knife
you afraid all you want you know good
serious think everybody for everything
else you guys are awesome yeah you guys
are awesome I appreciate all the
birthday wishes y'all sent me on my
facebook and it means a lot because I
love each and every one of y'all and
y'all are my grandchildren so thank you
so much for everything y'all said thank
you for everything you do without y'all
I wouldn't be here so so I got to really
say but thank you for your birthday
wishes I had a great day except Michael
coming over but anyway that's fine
he could do pretty good dude I taught
him well anyway thank you young uns
y'all have a great one and see you later
happy birthday to me happy birthday
first thing Brittany happy bird is your
sing I'll see you though cell okay go
ahead happy birthday to me happy
birthday to me happy
good nice animal yeah people no no I
couldn't see myself I la la la la hey
la la la la hey my god
happy birthday hey even I gotta
