what's going on you guys shit and a half
met suit here
good right there today is who knows okay
this thing is hard to breathe in but
take it off I won't protect myself stop
it take it off this is so dumb
your chest coffin to my face
okay oh my god I'm not the only person
in the world afraid catching the flu you
might be this extreme Belle Michael if
we catch it we catch it all we can do is
try to prevent this where do the stupid
hazmat suit it's not gonna wear today is
Wednesday and today Michael has lost it
no I haven't why are you thinking this
take it off how bad do you need me to
take this thing off I need or I'm
leaving you what I'm gonna leave you if
you don't take it off okay I thought you
were serious telomers you laughing I'm
not laughing you know what are you
laughing about
you need to apologize to him he's still
laughing at it's funny look at you he's
wearing that hat on purpose too
what if that was it say faster than you
think a good look at it
Forza Motorsport you need to apologize
I'm sorry I wasn't trying to be
malicious to your dad I was scared and I
think you need to make it out to am I
taking them out to death where you want
Doug you want to say no I'll bring
Jeremy how sick are you go you got the
flu no I got allergies also all that oh
my
I didn't go help you it's probably past
to help it's not the oxygen yeah I are
you getting around this air yes you're
right yeah and you just breathed an end
yeah I've breathing this cough I'm
getting the flu now oh my god is and
where are you getting oxygen inside this
oh yeah I'm breathing in the oxygen
around us okay but where are you
breathing the oxygen from inside the
suit from around us
so how's the suit gonna do anything for
you I see we filter some of it out I'm
probably getting 10% oxygen in there and
I'll take it well no you're gonna die
take this off take it up what's this oh
my god take it off
take it off Michael chill what stop with
it take it off no cut it dad no dog
exported got it
No uh-huh everybody just please I'll
take it up I don't need to cut up this
is too expensive Oh get up stop sitting
in the chair ripping it bro God you
don't need it what do you need it for
I feel safe with it oh are you sleeping
with it to safe sex in my filter we got
90% but with this thing or not then it
looks a job you got no way of breathing
air through it alright you're not single
Oh as its stock
what do you want for lunch Doug Oh
swings wine okay I got really excited I
want you to cut that part out well how
can we have that place so much delicious
how long is that gonna be up for I don't
know we have to take it down look at
this video
wait you want it yeah I hate when you
buy extreme things we got no place for
it I hate that I hate it
yo you want a hazmat suit you know you
want it no just got back from taking
Doug out to lunch you guys everything
that you saw in yesterday's vlog was
actually the aftermath to the hazmat
suit video that's why this book is
actually so sure but guys I wanted to
take a quick minute just to talk about
the hazmat suit because Bridget has been
making fun of me about it all day it's
kind of stupid dude I I still think it's
a good idea it's a hazmat suit right but
how are you breathing it defeats the
whole purpose
no it's tell me if I'm breathing through
a rag I'm not getting a hundred percent
air it's filtering something out no it's
not okay you don't have a tank in there
it's just you and air you you know Elon
Musk you know what you do I'm not saying
did you see Dad does no he's at work but
her dad is a know-it-all he thinks he
used to work with hazmat suits okay okay
guys if you haven't seen the main
Channel video yet I totally embarrassed
myself very bad guys and I bought a
hazmat suit to escape the flu you
haven't seen it the link is below
there's a lot of people they don't like
the video they said it's fake they
unsubscribe from the channel bye okay
look I've said before I'm not making
videos for those people anymore if they
don't want to watch they don't want to
watch if you haven't seen it check it
out the link is below
I swear to God that hazmat suit can help
me from the flu I say it has to it's not
what do you know about me like you did
it wrong okay I believe you
I'm gonna wear to bed tonight I'll tell
you that I'll die in my sleep that's the
only thing I will say don't wear it this
outfit is really really hard to breathe
it is not an oxygen tank can I just talk
could use good you were go outside to
smoke weren't you no did I embarrass
myself with the hazmat suit maybe will
it protect me from the flu possibly
possibly at my help you're acting like
you know for sure I don't know for sure
but it's just too extreme I really catch
the flu than wear that damn thing would
you yeah I would rather not be violent
puking like puking by only and crapping
my pants and although there's a bright
side to the flu
which is why I'd probably lose like 15
pounds you lose like three pounds unless
10 pounds this night was good and
Walmart's are breathing and everything
if you want the food so bad it's killing
people
oh what'd you do oh what have you done
Bella be honest with this girl speak
English oh hey I'm just doing cute
things now
Oh get your butt out of her face though
oh all right she don't look guilty
anymore
no I just need two good yes but it's all
works Michael oh no Michael ninety seven
five you did it again
what that's the one I was in clouds but
what ya know was your line no I'm not
you
know those of Clyde's but no it was not
yes why do you keep them up there with
the other thermometer because you're not
one to check your temperature ever so
this is the butt thermometer but check
it again Michael I don't care but now I
don't care oh I don't wanna fill my name
was gross you're sick you smell
something
oh my god you're Michael seriously this
is really gross
are you lying I'm not the other
thermometer is what you're supposed to
use nice oh boy this was not if his butt
okay yeah it's so I've wiped my mouth
with Brad let me finish you're wiping
his mouth I'm wiping my mouth with the
rag you cleaned his wrinkles out with
yes nose fault
and now I've stuck a thermometer that
was up his butt in my mouth are you
serious yeah no come to the outro can we
just get out of here this kitty no no no
you're just trying to make me feel
better you did nolleke didn't got rad
stinks well it shouldn't
getting out of here in just a second you
guys
number one Bridget that rag thing was
disgusting why the rag that you clean
his butt or his folds or whatever I was
sitting on the counter for me to wipe my
mouth but that's number one before we
get out of here a lot of people have
been sending me a link tonight uh Cindy
we are now Cindy uh Tina was on a live
stream on her channel talking about how
she's been a Jennifer's house Grandpa's
house and driving Jennifer around and
helping her do stuff excuse me Jenny
this better not be true I'm sorry I
don't trust her can you guys blame me
all the stuff that happened now all of a
sudden like her to Jennifer like best
friends or something though what what's
going on I need to get to the bottom of
this okay because a lot of people that
are sending it to me they're asking me
what's going on and I don't have an
answer so that's what I'm doing right
here I'm trying to let you guys know
that I have no clue but I will find out
I'll go to Dennis house tomorrow I want
to find out what's going on we're
confronting Tina this week I promise you
by Friday I will have confronted Tina
but I can't have her Jennifer a buddy
buddy I can't get an accurate like I
can't get the answers out of Tina that
I'm seeking and her and Jennifer are
like buddy-buddy again together I'm
gonna have to Jennifer tell me this
isn't true tell me this isn't the truth
I don't know what's going on
Tina showing up on my house I take her
hanging out with Jennifer as a threat to
me that she can do and Pleet do what she
wants to what she pleases I'm gonna get
to the bottom of it thank you guys so
much for sending it to me for letting me
know that it was happening we're doing
this out roll right now
Tina see you soon
well that's gonna be up for today you
guys thanks for watching
had a pretty good day
it's been a pretty good day aside from
you guys like making fun of me for the
suit like yeah that was ridiculous you
should be embarrassed I'm not
embarrassed because then I'll tell you
what if something happens and the big
outbreak happens and I'm walking around
in a hazmat suit you guys are like Diana
look well well you're gonna be dying
standing after that because you got no
like oxygen that thing and I'll come up
with so you're gonna probably die first
so will it be less like crazy if I get
an oxygen tank yeah so should I get an
oxygen tank no Michael no how often are
the total people dying of the fluid it's
stupid oh my god you're gonna be fine
you're probably now look when we get the
flu because we're gonna get it it does
the hey hey the flu season doesn't end
until May here's what you're gonna have
to do drink a lot of freaking water take
medicine and sleep cuttable one okay
guys that's gonna be it for today if you
haven't had a chance to get the angry
grandpa gone but not for God and sure
you guys there's only a couple of days
left it's gonna be gone here really soon
broadband TV told me yesterday that that
shirt was going No More is available and
I asked them for you guys if we could
put it back for sale for a limited time
guys it's only available for another
couple of days then it's gone forever
limited supplies if you want to get a
chance to get it check it out the link
is below and I promise you I'm gonna get
it I'm gonna get to the bottom of what's
going on with Tina I don't know why
she's hanging out with Jennifer but that
is just a little strange she's doing it
to get to us oh of course I know it
Jimmy you need to know it too guys
thanks for watching how does she does it
Tina we're gonna have to have our
confrontation sooner than later
I promise everybody by Friday that
videos gonna be all along which means
Mike you got to get us big boy underwear
on okay getting out of here thanks for
watching guys before we get out of here
a lot of people like I said have been
trying to say they don't like the new
video the run subscribing from the
channel and guys in a less harsh way
things have to change sometimes the
videos can't be the same because my dad
is no longer in them and
invited you guys after he passed tons
subscribed because of that and that's
holds true guys things change
times move on that's what's going on if
you have to unsubscribe we're gonna miss
you thanks for letting my dad's dreams
come true thanks for watching and see
you next time guys for that do stay I
love you thanks for watching like Oh
guys the ones who do say I love you so
much
did you hold the camera I was doing the
edge of a harmless tire so you do the
out for now subscribe favorite
