what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here physios yeah and today I'm
in the middle of saying something fuck
your glasses what's going on okay you
ready for this I don't meet you totally
annoyed me here we go what's going on
you guys
get behind a camera here yeah right
there and today is still Saturday today
we're doing a double upload Oh what the
fuck was I'm dancing with look all she
wants to do is oh she wants to do is
dance now go dance fool oh you're the
floor creaking that's over here yeah
that's you dancing if you think that
this is the only vlog that we upload it
today stop a few hours ago we uploaded a
vlog earlier and this is the second one
today I just felt like I had more
vlogging in me so if you you're still
doing it I'm gonna stepwise Mauro
so if you haven't seen the vlog we
uploaded earlier stop this take a look
at it because this is part two of my day
I don't often do these double uploads
but if you guys liked it ever I've never
done it but if you guys liked it maybe
I'll do it more often
smack the like button if you want double
uploads now I'm not gonna do it every
day I'm not gonna do it all the time my
gosh like Michael wouldn't even have a
brain that he did every day I know dude
I would just be like a corpse walking up
can't be on camera oh yeah let's get the
day started
again damn it again again she didn't say
I said it again Oh Gandia Felix is like
did you already upload this shit why are
you still doing this I'm trying to look
he does not talk like that
alright for this we gotta go soon buddy
okay we're getting us of never any pasta
that cool with you
fine so we are here and we're
I tried to hope with this and I was in
the way here we go we were sitting here
looking at the cakes this is hard your
mom like strawberry filling with a dome
amity no strawberry filling tanks for
Cindy
so what else do we got
easily good but are they big enough I
know right because I would get this one
it feels bigger unless we get her
cupcakes there's a nice little cold
so she doesn't get that what else does
she like oh she loves any cake honestly
she loves cake there's a vanilla and
chocolate cake just habitat yeah I like
that
yeah you only riding on it
No
no one's here no riding Cindy but we got
the cake well here we are at Olive
Garden and this place is freaking bumpin
dude everyone's here for my mom's
birthday
can't really see you right now I'm sure
you'll see in a few minutes but yeah
they're all here for Cindy's birthday
obviously they have for never ending
pasta I know my gosh my mom's already
been waiting an hour it's like a
nightclub out there dude it's like to
get in there I've literally never parked
over here I know we had to park in it
damn boys even like police coming to
break up this thing that's too many
people night clubs overfilled yeah some
shits going down so we're still sitting
out here at all oh god how long has it
been you guys how long we'll be sitting
here
why is everyone ignoring the room okay
thanks to now so we're on our number two
of waiting is it real is like two hours
all right yes this is crazy two hours
that's the problem
never ending pasta is it never end so
they never leave exactly that's exactly
it
it's gonna be like us so you guys know
we're gonna hold the party up cuz I'm
getting the 45
whoosh what's your first pasta all of
them in one big bowl okay
I'm talking to love we're eating Olive
Garden
I guess and would you get I got this
wooden
I'm not sorry you be I'm not sorry
we either by the way this is plate
number one
number three it's really - but I'm
Rebecca I didn't say what feels like you
big whoop
I can't have any of you try to cancel it
because I can't cancel my my spaghetti
order good he's on the track where you
watch what your country is going so I'm
done at the pasta number shoot I got
this
Michael side of the gross why don't we
stop it
oh my skin train again
Josh again what is that as I'm plating a
lemon on it in the shop there's lemon on
this pipe
you don't wanna be videoed while she
opens it I'm just gonna film Jim
well bunch of paper Oh ginger pumpkin
Oh
everybody
happy birthday Cindy big candles do it
said every else's like who can give a
shit about Cindy everybody gives Cindy
hug at once
there was no love in my hug Cindy only
hate never-ending birthday oh no it's
over tomorrow
trust me soon your birthday's over
tomorrow come midnight you're forgotten
oh it's over everybody it's over now
Cindy just came up with a bright idea to
give her leftover cake to dad tomorrow
he can have garbage cake it's no big
deal
grandpa you and me enough which is it
got me a 1 slice out of it don't worry
sue me I can get another one I can swing
a second cake Hey
it was hours late okay she just doesn't
wanna take it home she's like I got to
do something this cake on the right
house you're like Jimi tossing out the
window well we were leaving Olive Garden
now my favorite place in the world so I
was gonna go never-ending pasta and I
was gonna get freakin like 30 plates No
oh my gosh my goal was to get like 5
pastas totally different varieties I got
one and a half I got I got not even one
I didn't even finish the first one I was
so full but I had to get a second one
anyway so we were in the parking lot now
we sat down talked about two and a half
hours it is now 11 o'clock at night I
know it was so nice to see them though
and everyone everyone was awesome we
didn't really introduce everybody that
was Bridget's family was her uncle and
her aunt and her cousins so had a good
time happy happy birthday Cindy on the
birthday mom
I'll never say it again that's it oh
let's get home or unless I film
something in the street I don't know it
was a good night dude that was so much
fun like hopefully grandpas birthdays
fun so yeah dad's birthday's tomorrow he
keep telling us he doesn't want to do
nothing's telling us enough we can come
over don't get him nothing don't bring
him any food but that's obviously not
gonna happen we're gonna figure it out
he mentioned today maybe he wanted some
sort of Spanish food so they would go
with that so maybe maybe we can go to
restaurant forgetting all that uh I'm
gonna steal this palm tree for our front
yard what our palm tree blew over
here fill me I'm committing robbery by
stealing this palm tree you're really
doing it we just got home had a really
good time it was so much fun I hope they
come to town more a lot of you guys
might think that I've been acting like
an asshole at some point
that's just my sense of humor oh I know
Michaels joking the whole time and
family knows right absolutely
okay I'll make it my family really
really loves you so it was a great time
happy birthday Cindy tomorrow is
grandpa's birthday and I don't know if
this vlog is ending right now if you
hear the dun dun then it's ending right
now if not then we obviously did more
stuff
I hope it's showing up well on camera
but Wow look at that virgin yeah it's
like awesome
it looks beautiful out here tonight I
really don't know if the camera really
shows it as well as we can see it but
wow so the wood why what does see how
cool that looks trying to get both of it
in the same shot now somebody can edit
like a wolf howling to this oh okay I
just sounded like sloth from the Goonies
and I like a wolf at all little foggy
version take a look at it oh they went
oh hey buddy where'd you go there you
are huh have fun in the grass a lot of
people have been asking us if we got the
pool clean ever since the hurricane we
have not got the fence fixed yet we're
still working on that but the pool has
been clean some people wanted to see it
here we go this is the pool boom
oh so pretty at night virgin I know my
gosh I'm gonna go swimming you want to
go night Owen I do huh oh my gosh it's
probably gonna be so cold so you should
use a selfie stick and film your
reaction well we have decided that we're
going
go night swimming oh it's gonna be so
called holy crap it's 64 outside now but
it looks so inviting I it to invite I'll
be like we'll be right back
can i push you in no don't push me all
right ready
okay don't I'm not I'm not don't come
near me Bridget I'm not gonna push you
I'm totally how I'm gonna do this you
might actually trip and you drop the
camera don't mess around
I'm not going to do that stop it just
kidding you know it's bad when I won't
get it cuz usually just get right in I
know like I can't believe as I cold you
know stop it is like funny no more I'm
trying to push you and I scared it feel
cold
uh-uh don't don't I will you're too
close to my god you're coming with me
oh my gosh I got the camera shit should
we swimmer no bitch I'm Arnie had you
been in here with that ham oh my god
fuck this you have to hold the camera up
what you get in
okay oh I can't do this Michael and here
I can't do this I don't get man where's
this is not fair it's so cold
everybody down if you don't get in this
pool okay guys so my legs are what are
you doing what are you doing like that
my little teapot I don't know man I'm
just standing here
Oh Oh God my same let me see this is way
too cold
show me me I am doing that tip see over
okay
get it into some snake growls King I'm
giving you dude Philly my legs are numb
walk in the pool Bridget I'm getting who
I was splashy bitch Ritchie you don't
push back oh my good maker okay okay
the second the cameras put away Michael
no I'm getting to the deeper part hmm
they want to see me go under okay the
count of three I'm just going okay wait
deepen yeah you were well that's gonna
be it for now guys thanks for watching
we're going night swimming you're not
fully in I gotta do this okay go under
we're gonna go swimming for a little bit
longer we're gonna get out of here but
that's gonna be a like subscribe
favorite fun gold and that you
motherfucker what that's it
