what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here videos yeah right there
Bridgette sounds sick or something today
what is going on here I'm going on with
you pretty much here the fuck come on
try it
Petula is here okay where's what's going
on uh uh uh I want to cry
she's really pretty good get over here
come on try it so just keep harboured us
here visit us here that sounded all
right
that sounded real bad so wrong to us
here hmm
for to us here that's not good
and back no no I didn't
are you like sick what's going on no
what is wrong with my boys I don't know
dude it sounds wrong
maybe she has doctors I think you did
you're the other line right now really
like the hospital yes there's something
wrong with you virgin I'm just messing
with Bridget you sounded fine it was
trendy
hey you scare move the freakin clown
yesterday I can't tell you sound off
yeah but you shouldn't scare me with my
house anyway your videos gonna die
but today scream stop we're not
listening to the scream again one more
time
I'm tired of it okay I'm embarrassed
today is Saturday if you didn't see the
video we uploaded yesterday that was
part of it they scared you with a clown
good now let's get this Harry started
don't funny here damn versus long with
you hey you look different
I'm sorry Lena's brooch it feels just
sitting in your area at least she's not
running from the camera that's a new
thing know how you don't feel it
she native Garfield I wish I would a
minute ever hey cheddar is the cause
like don't take the attention from me
ah well right now bridges taking me over
to grandpa's house because he wants to I
don't really know what the plan is like
I think he wants to go yard saleing it's
early Saturday morning right now and he
wants to chill and he refuses absolutely
refuses to come pick me up so bridge has
to take me and he says you can't come
bridge is coming grandpa no I'm not I'm
just kidding I don't want to go oh just
say you hate me I'd rather do other shit
we got to get dad to my house by any
means necessary
oh my god I thought of a really good
idea how to get him here like screaming
at me you can talk to me you know I
thought of it really well be will be bad
so I'm sitting here riding around went
well I can't talk can I know you can't
I'm sitting here riding around with you
grandpa nothing I'm doing something it's
just too early
your words are slurred yeah I were
walking well why wait when Paul so yeah
I'm here sitting here riding around with
Grandpa chillin you said they're looking
for yard sales and whatever else you can
do this Saturday more a mango do John
anger Co so we gotta talk about Doug
what that does he seems to think he is
unprintable I am I'm thankful not you
Doug
oh he's on practicable and you are prank
well I've gotten you so many times
that's not even worth talking about huh
and the clown was the best that can talk
that got me I shit my fucking pants but
you know Doug I was at his house
yesterday and he's like are you worried
about y'all pranking me but he knows
everything anyway
and I got under my skin we need to get
his ass how I know that's the question
dude how do you get Doug I don't know I
got I don't know enough about the guy so
one of the questions that we get a lot
is do we still have our p.o box and
we'll work it now well we stopped doing
the mailbag videos so the reason and I
don't know if a lot of people know this
the reason we stopped doing mailbag
videos because people were sending money
and we you know we we appreciate that
you thought that you could send it to us
but we we don't want you guys to send
your money to us but we still do read
your letters because people do still
send letters so let's check out see if
you got any letters today to have a
little impromptu fan mail let's open it
see we're dealing with my name is Joe
Joe I am from Tennessee my parents got
divorced when I was six months old my
dad very rarely makes an effort to see
me that's that's bad that's bad you
should see even thought of my mom even
though my mom has a boyfriend it's not
the same when I watch your videos it
helps me feel the same make me feel
better when I'm depressed they go they
they make me laugh
happy 66th birthday GP your videos
always make me laugh I feel like I'm
part of your family every time I watch
them I hope to have a great I hope you
have a great birthday I'm Michael and
Bridget hello your youngest and not yeah
damn pants down that's you all right at
me so here's a little piece of video
history right here is the gas station
grandpa left me and when I was in the
dress you know come here you're right
and right here across the street is the
gas station you drop me off at when I
told you it was a nuclear bomb good
question alive ha ha ha go blow up the
world but I thought you were unprintable
I am so yes nuclear bomb prank right
there drop me off in the dress right
there I gotta get you again man you can
get
I'm ready for you now she has a problem
you know you just can't be pranked man I
don't anything I'm gonna try this year
so here's a question pop the fair don't
bring that up again
what I had been in a fair in
20-something years
well can we let's talk about it you are
little boy then you got arrested yeah I
Spit off the sky lift it off the sky
let's go and I ain't been back to the
pier since I ruined the fair for you you
ruined a pair mate I had to leave early
I was ready to eat more food I want you
to go to the fair
I'm not going why I don't wanna go
the fairs gonna be here next week good
let it come and go and getting my money
come to the Pharaoh I'm not going up
there
what now get over it well I just got
back from hanging out with Grandpa and I
really want him to go to the fair really
really won't grant to go to the closer
he'll on a fair I don't care how much he
yells he'll have a good time when he's
there he just refuses to go but if you
want me to prank him and force him to go
to the fair click the like button smack
the like button as many times as you can
and I will go he's gonna have to be
enough to justify were in the parking
lot of the fair that he stays so click
like and we won't force him to go to the
fair so hanging out with Grandpa I got
some acid reflux going hey just what
happens now hang out with him then just
yeah it's like contagious or something
so we don't have any acid reflux pills
so Bridgette is telling me to use lemon
juice so what I do you squirt some of
that in the cup how much that's good
about a sec is you don't fuck with me
and then you put water in it sugar now
so it's not lemonade just just walking
which one's water a fresh lime no that's
it yeah you drink it and water it works
for me whether i honest to god don't
know where I got this wrong I just know
that two acids make alkaline so that's
why I do it and it works better hope
you're right people gonna fact-check you
in the guy I'm pretty sure I'm right
inside I'm gonna google it now
Lomo will you google it because I swear
it takes away my acid reflux so today is
Cindy's birthday and pretty happy
birthday Cindy
is what I got you for your birthday Oh
Michael you're the best I know yeah is
it is it what you always wanted it is a
skin flap that's made out of a real
person
thanks guys let me know what you're
gonna put the mask on oh she is so this
is Cindy
oh yeah when you're focusing years old
oh you just wear it to dinner tonight
and like tell nobody like what are you
talking about under that what's under
that mask
remove that mask so something that I
noticed in yesterday's vlog Bridgette
yes we have yet we have yet to bring the
generator in the house from the
hurricane guys make well we should try
to move this too late the garage that
means I want to have to do manual labor
well we'll just get something to cover
it up with what yeah why don't we move
it over there oh hell no Michael please
move it over there I can't even budge it
Michael
don't drag it I'm not doing
what are you looking up oh I'm trying to
decide what my first process didn't
begin all the barn tonight okay so
that's a : Pato and Elly Acosta what to
come
I don't like parpadelle each of them
with traditional meat sauce and bacon
meatballs my first pasta is definitely
going to be like Alfredo with that fried
chicken I get this pasta
holy crap maybe I'll get that see here
what is cavatappi I think I like it was
a little critical
yeah I think those are like the screwed
noodles yeah some think I'm gonna get
the pappardelle meat sauce and meatballs
nice what were your carping Oh what kind
of possible getting Cindy mom are you
gonna get never ending pasta - how do
you go all gun
hey you anyway there's nothing funny
about that I'm hungry
ah yes whenever I go to Olive Garden for
never ending pasta I pre look up all the
options so I know what I'm getting
before hey that noodle I please deal big
deal it might it looks new I might get
it though so I talked about food with
meatball don't want it yes of course it
would I don't want to buy food you have
a little bit fun glad with a little
doggie that's our other dog get Clyde
carries him running his mouth like that
they're friends oh my god she's home
available yeah I mean he's like setting
them up for something here okay you guys
Chloe he's like that's my English
bulldog friend
qe at doggy card here you go oh well
that's gonna be a for today guys thanks
for watching remember click like if
you'll grant paw to go to the fair and
I'm gonna make him go
today oh my god I'm so excited for the
fair they have the best food I'm more
excited for a different kind of food
because tonight we're going to Olive
Garden and they got never ending pasta
back that's the only thing I wait for
but that's gonna be in tomorrow's blogs
the only thing Michael lives for
literally it's like all the other days a
walk around at a depression why is it
never any pasta at all it's here and no
they're not sponsoring anything good
happen I just love the restaurant
so anyway I'm gonna get out of here
thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe favorite on everything for to
us now let's go get some boss lady nope
what is your first pasta uh I always get
a meatball oh my gosh okay so I don't
care about this I don't care
