what's going on you guys kick beyond a
camera here yeah right there and today
is Thursday and today well you're seeing
this Friday I'm doing this too often so
you're watching this on Friday but we're
recording it on Thursday because right
now we're going ghost hunting at the
haunted Lee oh my god I am so excited
and yesterday's vlog I told you guys to
click like if you meet a prank Bridgette
at the Hanalei k-- and you guys click
like I don't know that's true because
the vlog at this point isn't even up yet
I'm just assuming you did so tonight I
don't know how but I'm getting your app
babe you're not pranking me you what did
you say it like that for you know it
you're not pranking me see
she thinks yeah come on guys he ain't
faking me she thinks somewhere ever had
that she's unbreakable but I can't turn
anything into bragging just go hey
Bridget there's a snake on the trip
let's get the day started hey Michael do
I go to Walmart with me what you only go
to Walmart with me so doesn't know yeah
all right too bad do you want anything
do you want anything no I'm not
recording my goal I'm not filming
what is I don't know tell ya so you
don't want to go to Walmart oh you hit
the water why I have to go to Walmart
for something oh all right
love you now I'm not it okay guys so
right now Michael's take a shower I'm
not really going to warm are you going
to grandpa's show for the co my gosh I
have thought long and hard on how I want
to bring Michael and I feel like this is
gonna do great hopefully fingers crossed
today is a good day Michael paint he's
going to a haunted Lake but late no leg
it's a clown ha he's afraid of clowns
his big ass gonna fall out I guarantee
you Michael business the clown to Dave
that yelling hey what oh my god hey whoa
today is the day been setting this up a
while now the day's a day we're going to
show Michael a hard Lake but you know
what
ain't haunted but Michaels gonna visit
with a clown he just don't even know
about the clown words but here's my cut
hey you gotta make me nervous
okay I can kind of back up a bit faster
clown and we're gonna get Mike Wiegele
prank his butt today
well there ain't no haunted leg well
Mike is gonna do he'll visit with a
clown oh my a spirit right they felt
that you're big man that's the clown we
go get Michael just know he's creepy
gonna make me nervous hey Lenny when you
stay over there so I just got out of the
shower and Bridgette is still at Walmart
and I wanted to let you guys know what
I'm sort of thinking the prank is gonna
be tonight on the ball so I've got this
face mask
oh look at this come on I couldn't wear
it I think it's gonna involve this I
don't know what exactly the prank would
be but it looks like it's somebody's
face I don't know maybe grandpa's gonna
wear it maybe I'll say I found a fuck I
don't know
Bridget's getting got with the fucking
face so Bridget and I'm scolding you
here purchasing the thing could be a
good idea to lose the ghost box
completely um Michael doesn't know what
happened that's not what happened
you're a liar where is it then I don't
know you've been bitching about you want
to go ghost hunting all this time and I
thought I knew where it was in my dome I
just sort of thought you wanted to go
something Michael I do I thought it was
thanks me not budget you are welcome yep
come out of the vault daddy uh you know
why I didn't even happen you are so
cocky and I did happen oh oh yeah why'd
you look at so much shit Billy where's
the Ghost Box hell's are not in this box
well videos over sorry you guys I'm not
forced are you guys I know you wanted us
to go to the haunted lake but sort of
fell apart so we're not doing we're
going when we are going that's it boat
when you're combing cover the legs up
NAB's where I'm going covered up I can't
we found it
we're going ghost hunting folks so I'm
so excited
don't say it maybe it's the batteries
it's not pro let me get you batteries
were kind triple-a well we got the Ghost
Box and just to have a little preview of
it we're gonna have a go real quick Oh
God scared have something right now
is there any ghosts in this house how
many fingers am i holding up okay you
guys it's time for us to go to the
haunted lake Wow
nah no need at all for that I'm just
really excited
let's go ghosts huh well you guys the
haunted Lake stuff you guys gonna find
out tomorrow the haunted Lake stuff was
a prank no this is for the vlog tomorrow
so they've already seen it you guys
already know that I just got him but
here you can have this Bridgette have
this back I was gonna I was gonna try to
scare you at that on no dollars I used
to be completely so I'll do the whole
scene like this really thoroughly
embarrass myself so I really thought I
was gonna do something with this I
thought that was gonna be a prank I was
gonna pull and they had a freaking clown
they had dug so let me get this straight
cuz my head's a little woozy around this
we've been did your dad's house for two
days in a row yeah because his truck was
broken down was it broken down or not no
it was literally just convinced you that
sucks dude cuz I mean I did not want to
go to your dad's house but I did it out
of support never again
oh so what you trying to say they enjoy
Talmud I'm never going back in this
house again ever
from now on you would never see
pickleboy in your dad's house ever I'm
pissed
Wow
Wow carrot blends I'm done being filmed
no tell your back why I'm pissed okay
I'm a little pissed right now
I'm sorry not I thoroughly humiliated
myself I shit my pants oh I know
everybody I'm wearing shorts now go
ahead I'm wearing shorts now I shit in
my pants I'm sorry uh but it was your
dad's idea dad
the entire ride home made me sit in the
backseat because he don't want me
sitting next one who the thunk oh god
dad that's ironic and bridge didn't film
it like why couldn't you freakin like
knock the camera too hard and I was
really scared of the footage so
something happens with this camera if
you juggle it it says Oh hit enter and
it will like and it scared me so I did
not film shit after you win hope you're
happy I'm never going back to your dad's
house again I'm not well I don't feel
welcome there after that we have to go
back now
what we have to get your dad's chainsaw
what yeah
I'm not going you're going you're going
without me I promise you I am NOT going
then I'm never going to your dad's house
again we're at Doug's house now why why
are you it's not a big deal
hey I'm over it look honestly it was a
good prank all I'm thinking about is how
I'm gonna get revenge well I can assure
you I did not come up with the idea at
all
hey Doug hey come here with what Oh me
sir whose idea was that prank which
print the clown prank hers Oh see no it
wasn't it was tell the truth dad who
bought the clown costume she did Oh Mike
come on
Rajai I knew it was all grandpa no I bet
dad had no part of this he did he came
up with the idea he went Halloween
costume shopping he did it there's no
way dad when Halloween
costume shopping I'm sorry I had to get
you back I'm sorry
I had to get you back
Wayne well we gotta get together what
you're right we do have to get together
and prank him because he helped me are
you worried but gee yes see you don't
forget you break it I know she'll mop
dude doesn't know there's nobody to
unplug that I can't it was frankly what
your talk about Costco how much I like
their free samples on weekends you got a
membership I will offer tomorrow Oh
after tomorrow how you know they still
do two free samples on the weekends
because I went with projects grandma mmm
okay
here you know buddies see liar so when
yesterday's vlog you guys - aw uh
Doug's cat fuzzy completely hates us
in fact there's another time where it
hits that I didn't put in the vlog check
this out
hey fuzzy hey fuzzy
what is it hissing hey fuzzy yeah thing
is so here we go we're gonna go see if
fuzzy likes us anymore today is all
light here yeah it should be
right there
whoa dude that cat is mean look at this
don't ya me freaking out do other chumps
on you i i'll little gentleman
- you don't hate us that much today let
me ask you go yeah was there literally
anything wrong with your truck nope
nothing nope so you guys wasted two days
of mine no we didn't waste it you had
fun did you did you you need the other
we have to convince you dad was the
clown we had to convince you that he
definitely was you can't have done it
over the phone I had to clit early come
all the way out here for that yeah let
me win here now how did this happen
Hwang boy though nobody's no prank you
know I'm worried about it how worried
about it
Luther pickle boy you didn't weigh my
coffee don't need to worry about it
what's going on you guys it's Friday
it's Friday and I don't know if you guys
have seen it but drink Michael
they got my ass good so this is what
Michael is gonna do to me yesterday okay
yeah it was a big fail okay huge
freaking fan I see it yeah my goal I
didn't have a full plan yet I was gonna
talk to dad maybe he had an idea ah
I had no idea you guys had a you had on
your pocket
it wasn't my pocket so what dude I
thought I had something good oh my gosh
well yeah you then I did though I was
sitting there thinking oh what's this
vlog and recall I found a scanner I
don't know I was thinking of titles what
I was gonna do
they got me so oh my god and then we had
to go to Doug's house to get grandpa's
chainsaw and rub salt in the wounds you
know what I'm officially not gonna bury
dad's house ever again
oh boy of course I want to go back no
for real though we got a prank countin
yes what was that we got a prank him
does somebody can't be pranked yeah you
can be yeah we're gonna we're gonna
freakin show him forget it Doug you're
getting got though so as you guys may
have seen by now they pranked me with a
psychotic clown
it was good now daddy was talking about
using a real machete and I'm like Dada
da
he talks about real machetes so anyway
if you can't see sitting here on the
table with me these bridges entire
arsenal how much clown shit did you buy
what were you preparing for were you
gonna have multiple clowns um I wanted
to find the perfect one
so I dad you know what's weird the other
day we were at Walmart and I was gonna
put groceries in the trunk and she does
it put it in the back fee I wasn't going
to put it back say yeah yeah that's why
cuz you they want to see the stuff in
the trunk yeah so anyway here's all the
clown shit let's put some of this on for
the video see how I look as a clinic
this is gonna rip on my head one size
fit all but me Oh motherfuckin see
myself Oh God
yeah it's my eyeball
that's creepy looking try the other one
alright here's the other one
hey Bella there's one extra title fuck
no Oh flip it up for me Jesus Christ
Bella's freaking out up here we guess
it's me Bella
yeah this is Jesus shipping with vicious
what would you do person hit if this I
got stuck on my face tanning like see
right here's me as a clown so there's a
cloud of money I think you would like a
batter something her head oh god I can't
see Joe Mike you so funny was this mask
I don't know then come with I was really
upset because I feel like that probably
the water this is crazy man you guys got
me I know my gosh you know I think it's
one of my favorite prints I've ever done
on you you know here's what really
pisses me I'm just happy everyone was on
board we're really pisses me off is all
the time we wasted go to your dad's
house but the girls going all this you
know what I enjoyed time with my dad
even though even though his all just oh
damn what do you know over me I'm too
fat a clown outfit oh you're fat to be a
clam no like fucking John Wayne Gacy my
guys what would you do along come along
this is so tight why did you cut off
this shit all right you guys
holy crap oh I appreciate a baby please
shop is busy so this is me as a clown ah
no
gods Jesus dude
poor things evening me to help Oh
the end of the jaws of life to get out
of that thing
my God knows here's what I'm really mad
about I was going to talk to you about
doing the clown prank on grandpa like
next week oh my gosh and you judge like
you know that's just I told myself all
this clown shit oh yeah I'm too smart
take all the clown shit and I got got
with the clown did alright we got to see
that scream one more time here it is I'm
not proud of it it's not my proudest
moment oh my god I was dying I was
crying Michael oh my god but scream like
why did you keep running like I wanted
to get away from the clown no like why
didn't you keep run I took it no damn
boy I was out of gas
I was like fucking here it goes I'm dead
accepted well that's gonna be it for
today guys thanks for watching
they got me really good if you guys
haven't seen the video yet check out the
link below it's also gonna be at the end
of the video I'm not sorry I guess you
I'm not sorry
hey I'm not mad anymore but I gotta get
some I gotta get some revenge dude
starting with your dad come on let's
less seriously prank my dad here we
don't were gonna like started it I was
honestly mad and he's like I can't be
pranked I don't know you can't prank me
there's a way Doug I'll find it so I'm
gonna get out of here click like if you
guys want me to dress up like that
overweight clown at grandpa's birthday
party Sunday we're gonna be having that
needs a little clown entertainment first
party so maybe I'll just something like
the creepy clown
Jesus like the things that I do so I'm
gonna get out of here yeah love you too
you guys got really bad I thought I was
gonna die for one moment I was like this
is there you know it's like I was crying
so hard at the scream let's watch it one
more time that's gonna be it I think
that's it I can't do any more I'm done
but at the same time I feel kind of bad
like/subscribe baybridge full-on
everything to us and that's it hello you
guys so much
you
