what's going on you guys get behind a
camera here for Joey yeah right there in
today with Shannon
before I get into anything else if you
guys can't tell I'm having some sort of
allergic reaction I don't know what it
is
no it's allergic reaction now let's tell
them the truth allergic reaction I'm
having you guys actually Michael is
playing with his toys okay no I wasn't
yeah why would I need fake blow from err
notice that now I'll think why do we so
yeah now now the question is no stop why
is there fake blood and your teeth what
are you doing you don't want to know
what goes on in those shows what the
hell I'm joking
look Ted forget it
today's yeah I was playing my wrestlers
like a fake bud it was a hardcore show
I'm embarrassed I couldn't get it off my
hands you should stop playing with your
dog I love them oh that's okay today's
Wednesday Lee wins today when today's
Wednesday
today we got power we got a lot to talk
about let's get this Wednesday started
and I was not playing wrestlers toys
style doll stock cows Klingon my dolls
ah with having power all I've been doing
is playing the new w/e game so that
means we've been avoiding everything
else now oh yeah
Brigitte I I don't know why you hadn't
done nothing because you don't care
about this game um I've been watching
you play when you were playing The
Witcher I did the cleaning so yes I did
ah the vlog I'm lying and saying I did
so I'm cutting out anyway so I did all
the cleaning when she played The Witcher
so stop don't interrupt that I'll just
cut your part up and the Vegas bridge is
already admitted how much he appreciated
all the cleaning idea when she played
will find The Witcher so so with all of
that with me doing everything when she
was playing The Witcher
Bridget like you tell the truth or we're
not doing this at all
weakly God
so anyway forget it here's what we're
gonna do right now take a look at this
oh yeah let's have a little tour you
this so fucking head a romaine lettuce
just sitting there I just have to get
back in the groove Michael I'm so used
to no power and all okay we've had power
now for a day so what's the excuse now
you still want to do it I'm about to
what's for dinner I don't know what do
you want hmm
clean the kitchen or get dinner I clean
them I got a clean dinner all right you
guys I told you a second ago we had and
cleaned now let's take a look at the new
and improved kitchen you ain't done it
still literally once that's how what
holy crap Phoenix is finally doing
something like hammer I'm not trying to
interrupt your fun and just want to film
it was like that's close enough
oh that was my foot I'm sorry tears
let's leave him alone he's not trusting
he's so cute
in a few minutes we're gonna be headed
over to Grandpa's house but before we
went over the grand plus I still want to
take a second to thank you guys for
being there with us with the storm it
felt like we weren't so alone to have
people watching us and maybe they're
with me okay you guys had power and you
guys were with it was miserable it was
good to have that to share with somebody
misery loves company is but you're
trying to say I was miserable and it was
good to have other people talking to us
on Twitter in the comments of the video
I know oh my gosh it was insane the
amount of love we got it it was amazing
thank you guys for all you that stuck
around and watch the vlogs thank you
now let's go over to Grandpa's house
because we got some stuff to talk about
well I'm back and this time I'm at
grandpa's house where are you gonna
bring your ass he wrote I'm sick of it
haha good morning beautiful
go honest guy that and expect that we
were just talking like a minute by the
way come on
why are you so unhappy I don't have him
go ahead as hell okay he's a he's in a
bad mood
you can follow yeah bad mood calm down
that goal.i doing nothing you're being
mean I ain't DNA me bullshit
you've been means I got here but now you
extra me because you're here I can't get
one day at you yeah you can't I will not
be here tomorrow
yeah you would god is a bad pin yo if I
keep showing up pissed in your
cornflakes you what are you actually
pissed about you can't get no shit for
two more weeks
there's go down the horse to bed -
Monique you're pissed about oysters
right now yeah
they phone well it's had a hard to tell
you for sure they can't give give a week
yeah housing to yours just a hurricane
okay you don't gotta take that out on me
I'm fine I'll tell you what tomorrow day
out you will not see me at all oh great
well you're good kid yeah that damn fish
tuna that damn I'll go home and late
what the Hornet leg you would take me do
tomorrow I know nothing about that I
drag it on to you it's what so hard late
why is that goes really yeah I'm taking
my we do you know daddy did good her
nothing you hurt I said yes there you go
with me my dad was telling me a little
bit so now yells and you go back I'm not
go I never eat there told me about it
this is so crucial who said I would go
to a haunted lake I told you we could
avoid bages I'll go but I'm just I'm
here of it
why were you like dreaming or sleeping
but nobody talked about I would remember
a haunted lake then what is tomorrow we
got you in this haunted leg like I
really want to go what an art evening
where is it it doesn't matter where it
is well folks looks like we're going to
a freaking haunted Lake yeah I'm really
there's no such thing as ghosts so yeah
yes there is
whatever that utamu do - we're not going
at all
I'll go I'm not saying I won't guys
didn't know about it
you knew okay that I don't fit line what
line you do right I told you now until
okay
I know we're going to say sort of
remember Michael are you scared
dude seriously you're scared guys I know
buddy talk like a freaking haunted Lake
but it isn't haunted
what well tell the story of it on the
vlog I don't want to have story of it
oh I'll do it tomorrow whatever so right
now you're all booked you have gone
backwards so haha okay man
I don't know why I'm still walking
backwards I don't either
a lot of people would ask him a question
in the comment section did Grandpa get a
new car now I wasn't going to address
this it's not something I was going to
talk about but the hurricane came I
didn't want to show it you want to say
we're here we're trying to go all ready
for oh you get mad at me no so the
hurricane came and I needed the car for
a hot spot and so everybody saw another
asking the question the grandpa get a
new car and the answer is no he didn't
yeah a lot he got yes grandpa got a new
car yeah got new car so tell everybody
why you had to get a new car God chose
to Big Mac could handle it
I couldn't park you to my partner where
I had part way out of noir 40 so if I'm
hearing this correctly you're admitting
you're not a man
no I'm the old man the key handle shit
like I used to when I was young but then
years beard rival Isis you know oh shit
house means I got rid of it it's because
Pauly's like to pull over people with
red vehicles I got pull at least one
sweet that's bulls there's no good in
you telling damn boys you pull me what
you tell them ponies that to pull me
about one sweet
Rosie got secure insurance and
registration please
I got a portlet to sit on top of the -
do you uphold over that anytime my god
ain't MCAS a red truck I've heard some
doozies in my day that is a bull a bull
doesn't like the color windows - you
could try oh my god
hosted here man so dad couldn't handle
the truck he backed into a tree one time
yeah you backed into a tree this do
backed into a tree because your brother
got at me so always somebody else's
fault so backed into a tree he was
probably gonna back into somebody else
at some point when he goes to Walmart II
was parking in the front and then one
day I was getting out of the truck and I
fell on my fucking ass when you here in
Laurel Vallon you fell - oh yeah dude is
like it was like frickin that truck was
huge
it was like a gigantic angle I listen I
love that truck but it was so big are
you right I could I just couldn't handle
it so that's what grandpa got a new car
so let's go take a look at it shall we
leave no I go down yeah Jack now you can
your mission good yeah you hollered me a
goddamn minute ago now you got an 10
that go down I'm a yo-yo dad am i yo-yo
dad what the oysters in my fault
ha ha ha I'll find you some oyster you
can't there's none Wow I don't even know
you like eat oysters that often I don't
but I like em of a birthday I think him
last year either
that was your fault I'll do it yeah
that's cuz they were eight dollars a
bushel so here is grandpa's new car
here's a 2011 11 torque Malibu where you
getting a look at Tri 2016 Chevy Malibu
yeah he's so petty
I knew he would try to correct me right
away yeah I got an ashtray in here - I'm
smoking it yeah that's nice
so this is grandpa's new car I love it I
love it - yeah it's pretty nice I like
the hot spot I got a hot spot you were I
got a hot spot you know Clint is a hot
spot too
okay this is getting this conversation
out of control so what do you think
about your car dad I love my car but you
miss the truck
I miss cruther buying great this means
that house all right thumbnail grandpa
grabbing the wheel of this car like a
man not a bitch
just joking mess of it I got your bitch
hanging do you so I'm just happy you I'm
just happy that you're safer now you're
not backing into stuff you probably
won't get pulled as me yeah I ain't
really opposed might even hold over yet
not yet
you can you steal this was that me
getting a try crank it I think give me
the keys that's you go ahead catechize
in the car with you you can't crank it
isn't that any car no wait a minute
don't you need the keys to crank any car
you don't use the key what does that
mean you push a button show me what is
that talking about a button oh I'm
coming to the other side there's nowhere
to put the key yeah you hold him what
that's pretty cool I put on my exit
radio of course I have it on Fox News oh
of course
have my engine radio going going around
let's do those I'm sure you
they call me Slenderman hiding in the
woods of shit stalking you I might be
Hodgins are no rounder no one's there
I'll let you live in fear
fearless fuck can be prepared air is
thick enough up on your neck and bitch I
see it clear to run bitch if you wanna
live cuz here I call my ready cracked
and ready got a grave to dig Lizzie
crazy let me stay for ya pinky yes he's
just a little step from losing touch
when I feel like giving up on being and
this is getting tough I'm getting older
every day and dying simultaneous you
think I like it kid I'm dying I am
crying shit I'm talking as I'm walking I
am tired and it crying shit I'm growing
violent just going cue the violins in
fact I cry you find him like I did hide
the mute the scene right there that
different music will do that so you're
gonna be dancing and singing to
something different
probably me alright thumbnail dad
grandpa's new car I'll get it just
second
come on hit record bike you hurry up I'm
trying to take it okay oh I wasn't even
doing it right are you hold on just keep
leaning like this violin damn it that's
it right when we got back from Grandpa's
house I decided I had enough you know I
had to clean the kitchen bridget is
outside right now smoking or sitting on
our ass for doing something but I worked
hard on this kitchen someone showing you
guys what it looks like now I busted my
ass on this it took a long time so first
thing that I did was what are you taking
credit again no okay not even recording
yet look see now it's recording I was
going to say he's telling everyone what
I did so this is you right freaking lie
all right
Bridget cleaned in yes I was trying to
take credit guys is me so I'm thinking
like for the past few hours about this
haunted freaking Lake fishing trip you
guys want to do babe I told you nobody
told me a thing how would I forget okay
okay maybe it's my fault because I told
you as you were like in bed when maybe
you're sleeping like the other day so I
guess we're going to a haunted Lake
we'll go are we going fishing
we need a 15 but I want to go Spock's so
I guess we're looking for spirits bar
boats are we vlogging it hell yeah we're
vlogging it click like if you're excited
about the haunted Lake I am so excited
for the haunted Lake I don't underst how
have I never even heard about a story
about some friggin haunted Lake what is
the background why why isn't
so the background is this woman was
supposed to get married but she didn't
she got killing the lake so she haunts
the lake that sounds like Al's of the
Hermitage I never heard of that what
it's like Upstate South Carolina that
chick had a ring on her finger they
threw it she like searches the lake for
the rain are you guys mixing sorry you
guys don't know where say happened here
don't challenge me to go stories I know
them all that's out of the Hermitage not
Somerville Lake ghost well that's gonna
be it for today guys thanks for watching
had a pretty good day I'm really glad to
have power back me too oh my god you
guys should have seen us when we got a
little bit of the power before it came
on yesterday
if flickered once we're like we're
versatile outside like looking at stars
I love spending time with her flicker
what the hell my face big floss don't
ever touch me again we got power I thing
and it wasn't on and so we came into the
living room and I was looking at the TV
news crew red light and it faded out and
my heart broke cause I call it the power
is gone again I know it's like I guess
our TV lags a little bit and I was
really really excited about the little
red dot so what I found funny is how we
just gave up everything we're said of
like Bridget I don't need TV when I got
TV he's back I don't need Bridget
anymore we gave up everything so anyway
we got power back I really still enjoy
time with you I do too
so oh not as much as I enjoy power I
love powers so much like I just love it
I'm gonna get out of here thanks for
watching you guys I guess we're going to
a haunted freaking great lake tomorrow
whatever like subscribe favorite fall on
everything for to us and that's it I
love you guys
and that's it yeah that's it love you
that was it
love you oh yeah sure now I love you
you
