what's going on you guys kid behind the
camera here Frieza was here right there
and today we got power do we got power
no oh god we don't go power was a
nightmare I really love power look you
don't realize how much you love power
tool it's taken from you I mean guys I
love power so much I love watching TV
dude I had a dream that I was watching
seriously
that skit that I just did for the intro
I literally had a dream last night that
I had power that was my whole dream I
was just sitting on the couch watching
TV that's the dream that I had
I miss power so much dude I love power I
love how there's so much can we so that
their powers awesome I just love power
so you know I've done loopy without
power but I'm used to it I've enjoyed
spending time with Bridgette and stuff
and I just miss it I have loved you wait
I just saw a freaking truck kind of
truck EGC you lied huh no I so right
here you guys can see this fence is
still fucked up for one I don't know how
to thank you
Oh Bridgette did your dad know what to
do so we just can't get this fixed one
the list
and that crazy-looking Bella this used
to be a fence huh
and then our Bell is gonna go in there
and now I got a follower cuz she will
fall in the pool you all right girl are
we walking in there together yeah guess
we are I'm just on the fence too with
you
meeting Bella on the fence oh hello
everybody.welcome okay here's the rules
of the pool area no jumping no diving
you guys understand those rules and
except them trying to get a shot of bail
with the pool but yeah I think she
thinks she's gonna get pushed in or
something she doesn't like it no we did
try to get Bella to swim when we first
got here and seriously she actually swam
a little bit collide just freakin sunk
like a rock like here you go Clyde boom
yeah we got to get Clyde a life bet
ladies just swims you know lazy's good
at it Bella sorta swims Clyde but a mu
right under ohm amber just somebody's
Bojangles bag blew into our yard that
was enough no we do not eat we do not
eat a bunch of Oh jingle biscuits hey
we're gonna need something we got no
power to cook I do want to be honest
about something and I kind of touched on
it in yesterday's vlog it's been good
not having TV or internet or
distractions you know I agree but we've
been spending a lot of time together if
it weren't for this like I think we'd be
watching TV right now work spending time
together I could go without TV
no please Jesus Christ okay okay I love
you too
so hello your sissy we don't have power
I'm just trying to make the best out of
a bad situation and I've enjoyed it you
know you know honestly I have enjoyed it
too
you're the best I know I'm the best
so right now Britain is about to take a
shower so we don't have it all we don't
have me if you can't tell my voice
strained that's because I was doing the
same thing sorry I was screaming last
night so Bridget right now okay she does
oh please get in here no you got to you
got to it's so cold
you'll get used to it turn it back on
you lucky I'm not gonna prank you right
now you're already getting back it's
already bad enough in this oh my god the
so called yeah kids here this wiggle all
right I'll get in not really
so little of one to ten how cold
oh come on the 20 it's gotta be like a
four Oh
well enjoy your shower Bridget dad's car
saved the day again thank you for your
hot spot you already uploaded it yes
the thing is awesome dude it's so what I
would have done why power you have power
oh my gosh
hey I dialed your bath too I mean can
you go Connor I got water really how
long have you had power Wow since
yesterday yeah some rich ivory on my
foot dude me too a good bad last night
oh good Mary was thinking he plugged the
freakin fish tank into the generator cuz
you wanted your fish to live do not fist
oh my god I'm good to go - I don't have
power stuff that's your problem
can I take a hot shower Phil no well you
got to smell this there you go that's
that's what I'm dealing with right now
smell like your mama what does that mean
thanks dude so grandpa has power yeah I
want to have you hear that I go alone
and go get power he's got power
Andy's got dinner let's see what he made
with power mashed potatoes red rice beef
and gravy and sweet peas and carrots
Oh la-dee-da oh you wish you had power I
wish you had power I missed I you know I
miss light Oh didn't we have the
conversation yeah don't you enjoy
spending time with me I do but I could
still do that with power cares about
power dude powers overrated I just look
dad's still got the hurricane Matthew
billboard
I'm looking at your little billboard
which I'm a hurricane Matthew is coming
okay sugar wafers well that's her native
this right here is a power celebration
hmm so I wish you would have told me you
have power did you watch the debate last
night
yeah oh my god you know I didn't go well
good was it
he knew order to watch it too hello
these things mean to all of a strawberry
ones no yeah we can combative met a hot
shower oh good for you
all right you can't sounds very nothing
well I really could take a hot shower it
might be about boy one today are you
serious let my hot boughs oh my god
what are the chances I can take one
lemon done you can I'll let you walk
Bridgette you know wait a - oh you would
do that to me I had a sign of solidarity
I will stick with you and not shower oh
I know I smell you over here I think I
think you smell good Bridgette took a
cold shower today
I took one yesterday well it's horrible
you can have another cold shower when I
come beat your water heater in with an
axe try it
not really sure well I'm leaving
grandpa's house right now good I'm
really mad man home trivia hot that
I don't got a lick of power I've been
using this if you guys didn't know I've
been using this to upload my vlogs oh
would you like in your hand off my car
are you serious I'm being very serious
get your fucking hands off my car okay
alright alright come on we're all there
I don't care you wouldn't tomorrow I'm
not using your card outflow what
tomorrow I'm not using your car I'm
coming inside
ah I'll think so main house open cook
yeah I think so
Oh Sunday I mean we also have family
general son deke right yes not this week
why you don't know why no what whoa whoa
you don't know why we're not why we're
not doing family dinner Sunday dad
Eminem's birthday is Monday the 17th my
birthday Sunday oh shit my mom's
birthday's on 3rd tell us about your
mama that's yeah my mom's birthday huh
you been eatin corn yeah having a quart
you have a corny breath no you have a
corny attitude yeah so Cindy's birthday
season 13 Eminem's birthday is October
the 7th mine 660 your birthday's coming
up I'm older I'll be 66 yes we're gonna
do something for your birthday obviously
I don't do nothing why just don't just
you I ain't do no birthday we're doing
something okay I know I don't get nothin
you ain't gonna give me no birthday
present oh my gosh you see this I see it
yeah yeah I don't be happy birthday I'm
coming to your house I'm bringing the
birthday to you what I'm bringing the
birthday to you you having a party
I ain't having a party maybe we'll do a
Saturday well throw a party for you here
you been digging holes in my yard why
what does holes what the hell you're
digging holes in my yard Michael why
would I dig all I can't even do this
I got my dad and find you generator we
got a
que Bonita nom it was good it's been in
your uncle song uncle service 20 years
one more bottle
yeah this all miss someone even kicked
my wave on the friggin on the microwave
Eddie eatin Beefaroni
Tony lights flickering all in the house
getting soft working all together
generator got the entire game kicking
the goddamn generator table logic shit
my father's got a broken big toe other
man's the bullshit hair so you're just
so your generator wouldn't even kick on
the microwave know how we call green
maybe you needed gas my Uncle Bob all my
guys oh you got a generator to leave up
some food people could warm up shit
people how many ravioli from don't worry
nothing Diaz hurry now yeah we have the
power now but what the hell difference
of the made the food is already wrong
though oh my god one over there too
yeah is what is that let's see
so is that like plugged up or how does
that work
what's going on virgin so no there's no
power it's like you forgot what a light
looks like this spider in it what we's
Oh mom your spider in it who cares
did you forget what power looked like or
something Michael shut up is this little
just not plugged into nothing maybe it's
like that battery but there's no wire
okay this is bullshit so it's like solar
or something I was really shit right now
first of all it's freezing as hell I
know oh my gosh I think it's listen can
you see it oh we just look stupid so it
is cold tonight it won't take that
shower I don't care about that we don't
have power and please don't open the
windows tonight because it's cold enough
hug me I'm trying
this is stupid at this point dude I feel
like one the Blair Witch Project and
we're just like desperately clinging to
anything dude I think this is the first
cold night of the year well fall it's
really cold
so we're home we're freezing this sucks
cover my forearm so what's the first
thing you're gonna do we get power
the first thing yeah uh it's hard what
are you
well I've been liking this so much that
I'm just not gonna pay the bill I can't
top that you're not gonna pay the next
pill I'm not gonna pay the nice bills so
we can stare at stars perfect honestly
dude I was just thinking I'm moving out
of this house
getting the tent I just living in the
woods you know that sounds kind of fun
really there's no power there well
that's gonna be it for today guys thanks
for watching thanks for watching guys
another day without power we are at a
total loss of power right now we have
zero power guys I miss power so much
here's the thing I love you guys
and I think this has made me grow as a
person and forget everything that I just
said forget it all good needs I hate
spending time with you I'd rather be on
the I learned how much I hate you by not
having power I learned how much I hate
life without having power guys like I
power we're back stop talking we'll talk
about that tomorrow we're over we're
over yeah we're done we're enemies right
I hate you we're enemies
kidding
