what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here vishwas here right there and
today um I'm scared are you really
scared a little scared so there's a new
update that says the Hurricanes plowing
right into us
yeah like moved west or something and I
think that's more of us so today is
Friday
is it Friday one side a today is Friday
I have no idea it was Friday today is
Friday and first of all today you
haven't seen it yet check the link below
for the blood filled pumpkin prank that
we did on angry grandpa that was pretty
funny now if you're wondering why the
aftermath of that video was not in this
video because I didn't want to put that
in this hurricane vlog because you know
it's for one out of respect for people
affected by the hurricane I didn't want
to put up the aftermath of a video like
that during this especially when we're
dealing with the hurricane ourselves so
I'm gonna try to put it in either
tomorrow's vlog or Sunday's bug but
there is aftermath you're gonna see it I
promise but for now I wanted to just do
a video about the hurricane and getting
prepared because we're going to
Grandpa's house in a few hours and we're
going to see them and we're gonna ride
out this storm so guys please be safe
seriously if any of you are in Florida
or Georgia or South Carolina or Myrtle
Beach anyway that this storms gonna hit
please don't be stupid like us get to
where you gotta go okay we stayed and
now it's too late to even leave it
closed off the highways and we're stuck
you don't even get into Charleston so
like it's it's actually crazy
be careful everybody let's get this
Friday started nonfarm starting off it's
a ninety funded this yeah this is not
fun Friday being a hurricane is not fun
recording yeah dad just called me okay
there's a freakin curfew there's a
curfew we can't be off the road after
six o'clock tonight what yeah they're
sayin you either get arrested or you get
a ticket arrested yeah
having then they're driving around what
is the other driver behind the ticket so
ladies and gentlemen there is a curfew
which means we got to leave right now we
need to come now I literally just put up
the video with the blood filled pumpkin
and I can't even really go on Twitter
about it or Facebook because I got to
get to Grandpa's house right now or I
won't see him tonight and I got to see
my dad for the turkey heads occasionally
maybe trying to get him to come here so
I used to come here we're on our way to
grandpa's house folks we're at Grandpa's
house riding out the storm thing and he
is a make a he's making some fried
chicken that food ready when the power
goes how certainly you the powers going
hey dude wait am i it's category two man
uh uh who's make landfall here to talk
to Lyle don't work what time do you
think that's happening uh uh uh yeah you
do you just don't acting you've been
watching the news religiously so we're
at Grandpa's house he's making all kinds
of food as you can see you've got a
whole bunch of chicken right there let's
take a look at this let's take a guess I
know this is brownies pulled pork oh boy
yeah boy let's take a piece of that
splay pulls out of the root ribs
damn pasta salads Rice's brownies
grandpa grandpa hook this up for the
hurricane so we're taking all this home
I know Merman ate all this frost we're
taking every bit of at home would it
that cool what you hear
Lars are you still mad about the blood
pen
come on it was you know we didn't expect
that either yeah you did we didn't I
didn't you know I expected some blood oh
yeah when you're pumping a gallon of
fake blood and your pumpkin you can't
see inside it I had no clue how much was
in there he's still full there's no bad
that he inside we could take all his
food good kidding so early your dad
called me freaking out do you feel
better now
he was out of you were fucking with me I
don't know what it was I think he was
messing with me he watched something on
shepard smith and foxnews going
everybody's gonna die a dad called me my
boudoir da fucking fence though never
spoke a lot never even the kids he said
oh yeah your kids - he said Jesus we
just got done eating some dinner at
Grandpa's house and now unfortunately
we're gonna have to go because in South
Carolina there's a curfew of six o'clock
and if you're caught driving after 6:00
you get it what is it you been arrested
right yeah it's fine - arrested they
make the decision comes like arrested
hey just music an excuse to give out
tickets but I don't want to be that
person who's taking everything lightly
so thanks for making all this food for
us dad yeah that makes him take home
yeah cells about to do
Oh how did you you were way too close to
hit go did you hear that as out a win
that shit was wet oh my god is it not
wet enough in this neighborhood dad oh
my god well oh you got your camera right
yeah so cliff oh god yeah
it stinks click like if you want grandpa
to shoot some footage of the hurricane
just in case I can't get over here
tomorrow because of the weather yeah you
gonna film it right am I gonna well dad
mm-hmm why I don't see what you thinking
you nervous
oh yeah come to my house then he'll know
I've been to yell ain't going there
well thumbnail was have grandpa looking
out into the rain
damn it's coming
nothing can reboot it but you want a tin
roof here buddy boy
well he bored his windows up before
ended up at all yeah there it is how
about it and you didn't maybe you
shoulda yeah you wouldn't come help me
that's not true you wouldn't come help
me we could have done it yesterday at
that pumpkin it makes such a mess it's
clean now you're fine go home alright
pop give me hugs
very cool later son I love you too dad
be safe I am going to so I'm leaving now
and
babe
would
what's wrong
I don't know are you crying
Hey
what's your just I don't know Bridget
like I know it's going to be fine
but it's like you never know and so like
it just sucks you know
people see everything on these videos
and you think we hate each other we
don't with with families all we got so
you don't want nothing to happen your
family
I don't think anything's gonna happen
it's not that it's just I mean what if
you know
if what I cook I don't know I don't know
hey you okay what your shot I can tell
I'm fine for you do you want to go to
your dad's no you can stay there too on
all the trains that Propst not that what
is it that I don't know we're job
are you worried something what happened
to his house maybe I don't I can't I
don't have an answer I don't know what's
wrong I'll be fine
I know you keep saying let's go back
that's first of all we can't even leave
anymore yeah there's a freakin curfew in
a second you know being there is not
gonna help I wish you would come here I
did yeah he should I was talking to Paul
earlier Paul kept telling me get him
here you know and maybe that's weighing
on me that he's not willing to come to
my house
I don't know he should come here he
refuses he absolutely physically it's
not gonna I honestly don't think it's
gonna be that bad but I don't know I was
just emotional for a minute
and I still feel it but I'll be fine let
me give you a hot one when I give you a
hug you know I don't like affection I
love you let me go we can go back it's
gonna be fine Bridget
the reason I'm sad and I don't know the
entire reason it's just
dad's done so much boys for this all
right Kate these photos generators big
food if you check in with us like maybe
I'm sad I'm not there maybe maybe those
a better sign that would be there and I
don't think I express how much they
appreciate him and you guys sometimes I
feel selfish to admit it I'm always
yelling and bitching and you guys never
get to see this this side of me so it's
kind of embarrassing and I don't want
anybody to see this but I do want to
take a moment to tell you guys you know
dad and I both you guys have given us so
much and I don't express it and I don't
think I'm gonna die in her hand it's
just some death confession you know it's
just how I'm feeling right now I don't
tell you guys enough how much how much I
appreciate it that you've helped me give
my dad
the light you fit you never had before
this you've made them happier and I hope
you guys know that from us we don't say
it enough but I want to say it now you
guys mean so much to us
you know everybody who's watching this
thank you guys so much everybody who's
in the path of the storm
be careful I really don't want anybody
to get hurt during this shit it's a
fucking I don't think anything's gonna
happen bad but if it did so I never do
this I never cry I don't think we're
just really see me crying a long time
I'm just really appreciative right now
and worried everybody sensationalizes
these hurricanes so much and it's scary
what if that was the last time I see my
dad and I never got to tell him how much
I appreciate everything that he's done
for me or tell you guys how much I
appreciate what you've done for him
because you've changed his life and mine
so thank you guys maybe it is a good
death confession I don't know um thank
you guys seriously I'm gonna go call
that off camera hey guys
so I could tell Michael is really really
really sad so today I'm going to make
him feel better
I'm like right here dude you're gonna
say that right in front of me today
Michael sad so I'm gonna make a deal
right here oh look
yes I she's tickling me folks like a kid
so hold on I want you to feel better
yeah I feel a lot better I was outside a
second ago and I cried on camera again
you cried again I'm embarrassed I don't
know if I'm including it hey we should
go back Bridget we can't even
go back the curfew damn it
it's just we need to try to make him
come here I talked to him he refused to
do it dad refuses to leave folks I
talked to him after that scene we talked
in the phone for about 10 minutes I told
him what I was feeling I just I don't
know you know you know family is the
most important thing you guys always
always family first you know you guys
see the videos and you know we think we
hate each other very much no matter what
happened yeah it's only partial hate the
curse there's no hate at all he doesn't
hate as we prank each other he gets mad
he gets over it so that's it it's theirs
we always have always loved each other
and we'll always love each other so when
something is scary happening
I usually don't express it this is the
first time I've done it on camera so you
guys are seeing it it's the real me
unfortunately I'm a bitch you're not a
bitch okay so there's anybody out there
the path of the storm
please please be safe please seriously
well if you ever wanted to see me smoke
here you go yeah I don't really smoke
I'm just holding Bridget's cigarette why
should gets me the keys to her car
here you go don't smoke I don't smoke
can I have the keys or even locked it
I vote yeah well it's starting to get
really windy really rainy out here oh
wow that's actually a powerful wind yeah
seeing she's all right yeah so you can
retire to get her ass over here I'm
trying to film some of this rain for you
guys really hard this is really a
nice and this is only like this is open
this is just the thunderstorm portion
you guys yeah like the tropical storm
weird light shot so right now it's windy
it's rainy I gotta go inside this thing
is only just hitting us tomorrow's vlog
will be all about the hurricane assuming
we still got power this is the hurricane
actually it's not it I wish it was that
I know this just a little light rain you
probably would have been sad earlier why
are you gonna keep bringing it up man
I'm trying to forego feels so bad like
the hell's going on there Oh road flares
gah and look like fire in the streets oh
my god 3 under tornado watches - yay
just gets better and better
I'm gonna get out of here thanks for
watching you guys Bella oh come on
sweetie it's wet out there so I'm gonna
get out of here thanks for watching my
mom was supposed to come over and she's
not here yet
what if she got pulled over he's oh why
was she driving in it I gotta get out of
here the winds starting to pick up like
subscribe favorite following everything
for Tua's and click like if your
grandfather film the hurricane at his
house I love you guys
follow me
