I think I think I have a little bit my
teeth then fix it what's going on you
guys Bridget cleaner teeth behind the
camera here you're not doing that what's
going on you guys can't be on the camera
here for two uh see ya right there and
today we're going shopping what is today
oh oh today is Wednesday Oh
Wednesday and today we're going shopping
because we are the mitts of a hurricane
now if you didn't see the blog we put up
yesterday grandpa's been freaking out
because hurricane Matthew is gonna be
plowing into Charleston and yesterday I
said it wasn't gonna be bad did you see
that skull shot of it though the storm
looks like a skull that was just one
moment it looked like a skull it doesn't
permanently look that's chocolate to
prove it so um that was chocolate now
look we got to go shopping we got some
supplies to get and we got some pumpkins
to get are we to getting the pumpkins
today we should probably get the pump
guns today we're getting pumpkins today
we're getting supplies today we're
preparing for a hurricane why do you
think this tree is gonna fall on the
house
Michael it's too close to the house so
what am I supposed to do
oh great some what my sister did going
to rip it out from the ground and move
it over here oh my god we forgot bungee
cords what we forgot bungee cords what
are you going bungee jumping what do you
need bungee cords for know I was gonna
tie the trashcan to a post so does it go
fly-in huh yeah I was gonna tie the
trashcan with a bungee cord up to a post
so does it go flying okay you guys we
had talked about sent the first second
first of all
Bridget has been takin all the furniture
from the porch we had a table here and
some chairs and she's got that in the
garage
Wow we have the table in the garage we
got the chairs in the garage we've got
rugs in the garage now Bridges idea for
the trash can is to bungee cord it to a
pole yeah why don't you just put it in
the garage now why don't you put it in
the garage I didn't I mean right now
we're in the store and it is freaking
crazy
there was a line for buggies have you
ever experienced that now people are
walking around like chickens with a whip
we're also getting pumpkins oh yeah I'm
getting home I really what that there's
a hurricane we need pankin here take
this I will try to show a little bit of
this is crazy there was a line for
buggies right now we are at the store
getting our storm supplies in our 30s so
we've squandered away our buck so you
got pumpkins and muffins I'm sorry it's
crazy you squandered our bubbly right
other people probably want it
for just dad asked her to get a punch
pins a ravioli and they are gone it's
like literally nobody won every only
wanted Ravi oh I know everything else
can fuck off but Ravi always so they're
all it's all gone man anything that
opens right yeah Michael that guy is
kind of rude but if we want what if I
wanted of me I'm filming it okay so
here's the room guys if there it is in
my buggy now we've still got a couple of
things you gotta want some cannelli
beans are you like the EC's are cold do
you think I'm serious
yes okay I found one loaf of rye Brigid
Brenda can this will in this raising her
head
oh so right now
everybody's checking out the same
freaking time everybody we all have the
same idea yeah everyone had the same
idea
you got scolded Epple right now we're
gonna try to go everything that we've
got shit yams
I did get yams my god if the power goes
out we need yams hey you know what some
of this is my dad's food too Oh beans
Italian wedding suit light
I watched my figure you know so there's
too much to go through so yeah I gotta
put it off
can we talk about how crazy that was
there mm I had to stop filming it was so
crazy
yeah I was it was not you know it you
know what I found I don't want to lose
it again forget that you know when I
find the craziest way there's a scene
from the store you might have saw a
second ago with lady was like excuse me
and I was like oh I was nice I moved
this let me caught not called the bitch
this bitch walks past us and then just
stops mid I was talking to her friend
hey Gladys Mike I was like Bridget move
Boop cuz I was gonna go excuse me
the president move in time and she moved
her she like moved her buggy
what is sorry you hate us so damn bad I
apologize not yeah so we're just getting
prepared for this arm dad called me four
times and he refuses to come over it's
whatever I got a call Matt okay what's
up why you gotta calm down dad
Olivia category said I want to get near
us there's no such thing as the category
seven days like a category two oh my god
okay so what can I do to help you
prepare what did what else do you need
to do I'm going to get there and I'm
going to help you but I'm trying to calm
you down too well you need to understand
is no such thing as a category 7 how it
goes so do you think it's gonna be as
bad or worse than Hurricane Hugo 2016
all the ladies clothes coming into
Carlton only way you go out I think they
did that last time we had a light
snowfall - I'll be there tomorrow oh my
god now you told me to get 25 packs of D
batteries it yeah dad I'll be there just
calm down it's not gonna be bad bad just
relax
there's no such thing it is that bad you
need to come here okay how high do you
think hurricanes go so do you think it's
funny - ow - Michael I'll see you
tomorrow dad it all fogged if you want
to talk let's talk if you want to talk
category 1213 years - you're making it
higher every time it's gonna be a -
telly young'uns hey I'm vlogging this so
I just talked to Grandpa huh as you guys
saw he is freaking out melting down
about the hurricane he thinks it's gonna
be worse than it was before
he's starting to freak me out there is a
light wind here but it's Wednesday we
were going to be doing the pumpkin video
today but he's
at home so we're gonna do it tomorrow
unless he's out shopping for more
bottles of water this hurricane we're
right in the path of the storm you guys
but I don't think it's gonna be as bad
it's like every time like last time
everybody was like fill up your tubs and
get stuff and do this and do that and
like a chair blew over you know it was
like like never forget you know it
wasn't that bad so I don't know what's
gonna happen hope that it really isn't
that bad I don't think it's gonna be
Michael it was you don't you farted it's
both of us out here you don't have to
try to blame me how pathetic is it when
you know it's only two people exactly I
was trying to tell you okay I did not
fire you want you don't want to admit it
so bad that you but you know I know it
wasn't me Michael oh my god you dude no
let me see this Bridget I'm saying yeah
I'm like hold on don't move because I
might have to fart I might have had to
and I'm sorry
I think Bridget took the opportunity me
saying that I might have to to rip one
not me it was you it was hell did you
fart dude I'm sorry it's like this email
why are you doing this it's only on this
is like a this is like that scene on
Family Guy when Peter farts in the
elevator it was you like Bridget yeah
Mike virgin it's pathetic
all right we're in your life I swear I
went in for it so if it wasn't me and it
wasn't you then there's a rat I'm okay
where is he hey you farted down there
okay we are testing the air mattress
because it's a box
oh poor sandy he does her simmons
beautyrest air mattress so in the off
chance that nobody has any power and all
that Cindy's gonna be over here and
she's testing out the air mattress oh so
we can do it this way to inflate and
when you might deflate it that's really
cool
weren't you there we break up
but they know it really would
well here it is lay on it what lay on it
it holds up to like 850 pounds it's good
what are you trying to say you're
getting us in this say they hold 850
pounds well I guess it's not gonna hold
me cuz I won 900 this thing right
seriously record it cuz I pop this
fuckin better if you had pillows right
march across leg we might pop it 800
pounds we've exceeded that one hop on
Cindy pretty comfy good thing holds up
to 850 pounds Cindy mom just called
because she wants to see if we're gonna
die in the hurricane or not so I said
you can you hear me yeah say it once say
hello everybody hello everybody
do you right now are you happy you're
not in South Carolina anymore oh yeah
yeah you got me going completely mad
dude is crazy some guy today we were
filming us getting uh ravioli and he
stole our fucking ravioli
dude like like we're about to grab it he
look oh my god he looked back at us and
just fucking put it through all the
raviolis and his thing and walked away I
mean there's only three I mean there's
only three cans left anyway you think I
can have those so people are ripping the
shelves apart there's no bread
there's and of course a chair is
probably gonna blow over and that's the
end of it but yeah there be
over-prepared you're not I agree but
let's I'm trying to make light of it
because I don't know what's gonna happen
hoping for the best but I think it'll be
all right well I'm gonna get out of here
with mom but mom say goodbye everybody
hi have you seen the flying monkeys in
the witches
buildings don't be scared dad keeps
making the same Wizard of Oz references
that was a tornado hurricane tornado
he's at the same thing
