what's going on you guys get me out of
camera here put your ass here
right there and today is Tuesday guys
today is Tuesday and today we're taking
Doug out to lunch you ready for some
lunch Doug yeah I don't want to go to
swinging guys will do that just min
we're gonna rock paper scissors where we
go guys
before we start off anything tomorrow we
are uploading on the angry grandpa show
channel a new video now before it gets
there Doug are you an apology for how I
acted wimpy I wanted to shake your hand
and apologize yeah yeah y'all do this on
purpose
folks I'm really genuinely worried about
catching the flu the flu shot why do you
keep saying that because it's worked for
me for over 15 years so okay I'm joking
Doug okay yes or y'all both still mad at
me you're ridiculous guys I went a
little overboard preparing for the flu
I'm not gonna say any more than that
okay you're gonna see that tomorrow a
brand new angry grandpa showed video
Picabo is terrified of the flu and also
in the video I address why I haven't
approached the teen of confrontation
that's coming very soon that video is
tomorrow let's get this Tuesday started
all right whenever this gets to decide
where we go okay all right I just wish
my lucky hey paper rock scissors paper
rock scissors paper rock scissors oh
gosh paper rock scissors paper rock
scissors oh he lost Doug you real bar
with you again
no Doug winds were over he wants Mexican
swinging slide oh my gosh
what do we haven't dug he was just
telling me what he was getting wicked
chicken fajitas this a Swedish one what
gave it away
no you're funny if you really father I'm
fine up until right now I know this
whole hog he's like what is this place
we changed a bit are you intimidated by
this Doug the place huh oh yeah if you
try to make one right now this there's
no way Doug can handle eating one right
now don't even try oh my gosh there's no
way duh can handle it take a fork full
and eat it here right now there's the
here we go you me got skillet now I
thought I could call about ordered he
would do it no well we didn't bring Doug
to where he wanted to go
hey y'all wanted to come here I will
make no big stick next
next time we'll do so I love that way
anyway how's your mouth doing old
skillet nope
just got back from lunch you guys whip
Doug and Doug I apologize that you
didn't get barbecue but you know what I
feel like you cheated on that last hand
up paper-rock-scissors and yeah hehe did
it like this okay
he was like Susur Lee I talked to the
guys over at BB TV who handled the
merchandise and apparently they
completely sold out of the gum but not
forgotten shirts like totally gone and I
asked him if there was gonna be any more
and they told me no now if they sold out
that means a lot of people wanted and I
was like listen you know if a lot of
people want the shirt then we should do
another run of it you know a few more so
guys we have a few more not much there
is not much left in stock you guys but
there was a few more gone but not
forgotten shirts you guys because the
shirt is gonna be officially gone I
think Saturday so February the 11th the
gone but not forgotten sure it will be
officially gone and I just can't believe
how many people bought it to support
grandpa he would be Wow I'm keeping this
in here just because it was really weird
you guys right when I say how proud
grandpa would be I get a huge burst of
wind guys grandpa would have been so
profoundly moved you know before grandpa
passed all he wanted to do was
merchandise and I didn't I I was of the
belief that you guys wouldn't buy the
merchandise that I just didn't think
anybody cared enough the first to win I
didn't think anybody cared enough and
you guys have proven to me the dad was
right and I'm just trying to carry out
what he wanted and we were doing it
while he was alive he was like Mike can
we do merch and we started we signed
with BB TV before he passed and I was
really hoping that he would have been
here to enjoy this and see all this and
he's not but maybe he still is I don't
I don't know what I believe anymore you
guys but there's been a lot of weird
stuff but the shirt is officially off
the market on February the 11th gone but
not forgotten
dad that's so true you are gone but not
forgotten remember you guys if you get
it and you looking for that follow on
twitter or use the hashtag r.i.p AGP
send me a picture with your merchandise
I see a lot of people already getting it
and we'll go from there
I'll you know shoot you some DMS I'll
thank you I'll send you to cover my
album which is coming soon and yeah I
love you dad doing this for you I can't
believe how many people bought this
shirt it's moving guys is it really is
moving it's moving fast guys
shirts almost gone a couple more days
left get it before it's gone I know it's
uh emotional to see grandpas urn but I
felt like I felt like I needed to
apologize to my dad real fast about some
stuff and as I promised you guys I would
always keep you in the loop of this
stuff and figured out what a HUD film it
a couple of days before grandpa passed
he made me promise that
I would stay out of the drama he hated
it you guys the drama made grandpa
miserable because the way YouTube worms
is public opinion can sway and people
will be against you without even hearing
the story so if somebody doesn't want to
talk about something that that's total
BS they are perceived as guilty and that
scared dad because he didn't want to
lose you guys over BS and so every time
certain people would run their mouth he
would be worried that you guys that you
guys were gonna leave him and that what
is out but I always tell him dad they
love you too much they love you too much
to leave you and you did you guys never
left him he never did but in the last
couple of days he really thought that
maybe he was gonna die that's something
that I'm having trouble like dealing
with myself cuz I don't know how that
would feel but I felt like he knew
and so I don't want a crowd below um
before he passed I was feeding him ice
cream he wanted some ice cream and still
me to stop he said stop with the ice
cream for a minute I want to talk to you
and we talked and he said I love you and
and he told me how much he loved how
much he appreciated everything I had
died for him and he made me promise that
if anything were to happen to him he
made me promise that I wouldn't get
involved and the drama that scared him
so much and I promise don't think you
got it dad I won't respond to any of
that stuff and I broke it I broke it by
responding and all the stuff that's been
going on people cuz I just take it
personally when they bring up dad
cuz dad was my best friend and so I take
considerable offense to it and I
shouldn't and I promised him that I
wouldn't and so dad I wanted to
apologize to you personally here sorry
I'm really sorry that I didn't listen
that I got involved in it I'm sorry I'm
sorry
I'm sorry I've been kind of messing up
on the channel guys I've been so
depressed I haven't wanted to film any
videos for the angry grandpa show
channel but he also made me promise that
I would that I would not let that
channel die and my depression has made
it to where but I'm working on that you
guys I'm going to try to change that I'm
steering the ship we got a new video
coming out tomorrow that was inadvertent
that's you know Bridgette
that one just sort of happened but I got
the the teen of confrontation coming up
and I know I promised that I wouldn't
get in drama but the teen of drama isn't
drama I'm trying to work things out with
Tina because that's what he would have
wanted so Tina confrontations coming
soon and also coming soon is my music
video for see you soon you know all you
saw last week we were out here filming a
music video with pfv yeah
that video is coming really sitting you
guys the song is called see you soon and
of course it's about dad and it's a song
about him the music video is coming soon
and before I end this seeing you guys I
wanted to present to you some behind the
scenes footage got enough footage but
pictures guys we had a photographer
there an adjacent Crocker and what up
wow what a photographer he is you guys
he took some amazing shots and I got
about two three or four that I want to
show you on the vlog right now of some
of these photos Jason thank you so much
dude you know they're flashing over me
right now like this one was probably my
favorite of the batch like you know the
fog and downtown Charleston and you know
this one right here was actually just me
rapping into the camera you guys but man
these are some seriously good pictures
and chase and I appreciate it so much
dude like seriously I love it those are
some of the behind the scenes photos you
guys I don't know how much more we got
in this vlog sorry for crying I promised
dad then I would stay out of the drama I
promised dad that I wouldn't get
involved and I sort of broke it but I'm
sorry dad I am that I am sorry but I did
all that and I will do better I will try
to do better guys I don't know what's
left let's continue this vlog dad I love
you guys we're getting out of here in
just a second
before we do Brigette Sora thinks that
we're watching a crime in progress now I
don't know at the front of our
neighborhood the front of our law people
are selling these like golf cards and
right now there's a truck backed up to
it I hear clinking and clanking
and I think you're trying to steal it so
here's what we're doing
Bridge gonna go turn on our big light I
don't see if they speed up so this could
be the last thing I could be murdered
after the scene I don't know we're gonna
find out guys are we busting a criminal
I don't know but I don't know we'll find
out I can't see nothing you guys policy
is a light
okay our light is on I just turned on
our light I don't know if our lights
bright enough we were sort of wondering
if we turn on that light if they would
speed off they have not done so maybe
should turn the porch light good then
we'll get out of here are we gonna file
a criminal I don't know
torn the waters I did learn that the
area is - mouthing crying what we're
moving light Oh
Oh
they're driving they're driving to us
now what do we do
Oh guys why did we do this what were you
thinking what are you thinking this is
you folks okay they just kind of stop
what if they start like driving really
fast say what's even scarier this
battery of the cameras dying
no yeah what's going on Bridget okay I
don't know join up to offense
do you not see it folks
oh my god guys
you're probably wondering what just
happened
number one did we like uncover a crime
syndicate did we uncover somebody trying
to steal the golf carts at the front of
our driveway no unfortunately not
I thought we were like buttons like this
unless they lied to us unless they lied
what come on I was really hoping for
speed off that's why I turned the light
on to begin here's what happened the
camera died as I'm sitting there
recording I was like oh my god the next
thing that happened is the lights start
shining and our own fence I'm like dude
they found us yeah they're seeing us
it's over it's over turns out it wasn't
over turns out they're the people
selling the golf carts and I guess they
asked the people who owned that land if
they could use it to sell their golf
carts just like that land was used to
sell Christmas trees like I don't know
what's going on there's gonna be a gas
station there by next year I don't know
hey yeah I don't know what's happening
but guys I hope there's like a Christmas
tree lot with lit trees everywhere hey
guys we didn't like uncover a crime
within like figured I was gonna call the
cops I was that close like what it's our
duty as people to report a crime if we
see if we see somebody stealing golf
carts we report it what's cuter that
that's not being a citizen look here's
the deal here's the deal
I thought we on the street because you
made fun of me I don't like this
it's cute anyways guys we didn't uncover
somebody like stealing a bunch of golf
carts I thought we had something cool
guys you won't believe you're not gonna
believe this just poppin I thought turns
out we don't oh dang
guys let's do this outro well that's
gonna be a pretty day you guys thanks
for watching had a pretty good day
really thought we uncovered something
but we didn't
I have a feeling they live guys they
didn't lie
they backed it up into the shed and like
the park like the one they owned the
freaking come on come on it's like 2:00
in the morning yeah they probably for
God's only going to sleep they go we got
to get this off the street or oh it's
2:00 a.m. everyone's asleep
Bridget quit trying to like uncover
something bad bad bad it is what it is
guys getting out of here remember
tomorrow on the angry grandpa show
channel we got a brand new video
uploading I'm kind of embarrassed about
it you probably should be embarrassed
with it actually
okay so what I'm not this kind of stop
the flume is killing people Michael guys
we're getting out of here thanks for
watching that's going up tomorrow thanks
for watching like subscribe favorite I
follow everything but your best and
that's it I love you guys so much and I
think I uncovered some drama
sure thing sure
