what's going on ladies gentlemen YouTube
it's your old pal kid behind a camera
here coming to you once again with Kiva
rigid I will say come save bridge OS
here visited ah today's it hurts Ted
okay last night I slept my neck wrong
and it hurts really bad today I feel so
bad for you what's going on you guys
kicked me out of messed up back here
vigilante yeah right there and today um
Mike was really worried about me okay
Bridget was gone for a while and I
waited for that's not important what's
here take the camera oh it hurts the
hold he says I slept with her old man
hope you feel better
well me too today today is Tuesday this
sucks this sucks
today is Tuesday and today I'm gonna
give Michael back massage cuz he
obviously needs it they don't care about
that
what if I do this Oh was I thinking oh
okay forget this intro forget the intro
today's Tuesday today nothing's
happening I think tomorrow we're going
to be doing the pumpkin video with anger
grandpa will see if not tomorrow the
next day we got a hurricane coming this
sucks let's get the dish if we have a
hurricane I gotta run and I can't babe
how are we gonna shop for pumpkins at a
hurricane wellthen I don't know what's
happening Ridgid okay this sucks in just
a few minutes we're gonna go see how
grandpa's doing we're gonna check on
them and then we're going to the store
because today is national taco day
fucking believe it it's just tacos uh
you're so excited about taco day that
you're blogging about it that's true
that's true it's taco day as if I needed
an excuse well we're at grandpa's house
right now
we've been met for like 10 minutes we've
been here for at least 10 minutes
I heard dad in the back talking to his
TV he's yet to come out to greet us so
let's give him a call
this was so funny
shall I tell him like I'm not alone
hello hey what's up hey I was going man
I was gonna come over I wanted to see if
you were home are you serious yeah
awesome I get a grip that hurricane oh
yeah Oh about some 30 years off you're
not home damn I was already on my way to
bullying I'm sorry Maggie
alright hop
alright pop alright
I was laughing
hey you lyin subhead nor Charleston
you liar yeah busted get out
come on let's talk in the kitchen yeah
what is wrong why would you want like
that to me I get off as why then what's
good your we phone and why is it are you
here Boston house could you ever do that
again I use America's looking this way
please it for god sake I know the
bathroom got Nambu you're right yeah
he's the shit hey I don't think that's
enough what's all this get rid of the
storm oh so you don't got your water's
done no ain't gonna hit us it's supposed
to hit Friday night dad it's not gonna
touch up Johnny buddy night you liar
with me you were here you said you
weren't home I know what you going over
why do you hate us
yo hey Cho that seems like you do oh my
god punish me hey well I just wanted to
pop in because I want to first want to
check on him why Oh make sure you
alright just tomorrow flamed in that
pumpkin video no I'm not again my annual
thing is my for my favorite videos of
the year yeah I love pumpkin Stan I'm
going on what angle the owner whore yeah
yeah hey Bobby wait Lou
hurricane so we're gonna have food ready
what song are you gonna have any planet
damn hurricane or not the working is not
good what do you think it's gonna hit us
we're gonna be fine
it's just gonna be like a tropic I got a
damn tag said it's gonna hit you we got
that we got that younger than I mom
Wichita he's tired - Noah he's teeth
telling us what's going on
where's Noah oh well I think what is
Noah
I don't know understand Barbara's
platitude so you make it to your baby
shut up over it what is Noah I have not
tropical storm oh yeah okay I think if
the child is how about relate to the
morals how are you and Daddy with it
jeez you're a dude on the lam you will
not let you a crime Oh we'll see
tomorrow let's not make any decisions
until we find out tomorrow
I get the generator you know he told me
he's gonna buy another generator I'm
going by - why do you need a second pour
about it'd be you Yeah right
no I see right through it just because
you don't want me to come over to your
house cuz you'll have power so you get
me a generator so I say oh wow that you
know what we're gonna come out of me all
figured out good I too got you all
figured out I'm fighting sister Berta
you love her more to me now you want to
fight our good today is national taco
day as if I needed any excuse to make
tacos so oh I'm mad
why something just occurred to me what
so we're celebrating national taco day
yeah yesterday was national boyfriend
day so where was my boyfriend gift I'm
sorry I actually found that out today -
I wasn't gonna tell you
yeah I knew someone sweet
me that you didn't give me anything for
national boyfriend day I just completely
forgot so but it's not like you were
very nice man national girlfriend day hi
I'm pretty sure it was like a it was the
Harry Potter day and he felt like that
was way more important it was let me
tell you something Bridget
they named national boyfriend day after
me oh they did the government was like
hey we want to name a holiday after he
was like national boyfriend day and they
said it starts January 1st till December
31st every day is my hey Oh God
I'm Joel I got anyway right now we're
making tacos national taco day I'm not
going to show the whole process because
you guys pretty much know by now all I'm
going to do today is pretty much taco
seasoning typical tacos we'll see you in
just a minute
time to make our taco now before people
start saying it cuz every time I make
tacos people do it
those aren't tacos yeah what the I guess
authentic Mexican tacos aren't like this
ah these are what I know is how it goes
these where I grew up once up there are
meat sour cream oops I should not use
the same spoon my colleges Tomatoes
let's go bro you only said that because
the cannibals wrong lettuce cheese and
whatever else you want to add salsa
anything boom taco
I love national taco day me do ha
okay what are you talking
says the stones could be a major you
know South you I let's go get that you
need to get your ass back over here
let's get these players it's probably
gonna be like a light rain fall
dad it's probably gonna be like two-mile
hour winds
so you believe it's gonna be a bad
hurricane I think you're just gonna be
light rain like huh that was a tornado
dad who says I don't like party does
relax the morning I'll be the tomorrow
like noon we sleep until 3:00 you get
volume or we go hit the run we go get
whatever we had to add we'll ask us at
least a bug okay dad don't bring it
bring your checkbook cuz we're gonna buy
a lot of stuff we got my left food last
a month
watch it more gas can to keep up Kevin
calendar get house you will prepare for
the end of the world to South Carolina
gonna flood or what why dad you're
exerting your voice too much please
relax okay I'll be there as sex talk to
him well dad is freaking out over the
hurricane everybody I don't think listen
this happens all the time we get a storm
that's coming to us
I had a post on Facebook that's sad if
you plan on staying to tell other kin
your next of kin yes listen and others
call it yes you're next - can anybody
who's going to be alive when you aren't
so it's gonna be fine
but hey don't take my word for it if
you're in South Carolina you want to get
out get out cuz I can't I just think
that every time this happens it's like
we get a little light rain and that's
gonna be it I think we're going to be
fine but in the off chance that we have
a serious hurricane wish us luck because
I I don't know what else I'm dallo
scared no you're not I love that it'll
be fine
I'll take a shower you have some neck
pain a really hot shower might work my
neck hurts dad's freaking out we got a
hurricane coming oh man so that sucks
oh how bad is your neck pain on one to
ten
earlier it was about eight what's it now
yeah filming me
yeah right now it's about a six that's
good it's gotten a little better but it
still hurts
geez sorry I can't lay that I gotta do
the vlog take a shower I will I'm gonna
take a shower so I really don't know
about this hurricane you guys I just
seem to think every time we freak out
about something it doesn't happen
my dad said all the wind today is from
the storm that's coming really yeah and
it's really well made this sauce to the
outro of this by the way here's all the
ore we got from Hurricane three little
measly bottles what if it is something
serious and that's all the water we have
everywhere
is out of water well if we had drink
toilet water you're the one getting it
out I'm filling the tubs up
you didn't member we did this last time
it was fine yeah we I really hope that
happens this time we're fine well that's
gonna be a fair day guys thanks for
watching went over to Grandpa's house
and he's freaking out over this storm
it's rubbing off a little bit you're
freaking out too now is it all worried
we had we can't be worried over a storm
little for now it's just speculation and
tomorrow we got to do the freakin
pumpkin video with grandpa so I don't
want to think about anything else
like that all right so that's gonna be a
footer day oh guys thanks for watching
like subscribe favorite home on
everything which it was and that's it
guys
