what's going on you guys get behind a
camera here vigil I see yeah right there
and today is Monday and today at 2:00
the shower
thank God could you was getting pretty
crusty both say you were getting crusty
so sunburned it's not it's not that bad
you know why you're pretty crusty how
about you serve on your arms what bottom
go ahead what are you dredging here to
the camera we try show I thought you had
pressed yarns no I don't got crusty arms
Oh what was that even crusty armor what
good press the arm cuz my skin was
peeling yeah this one give me funnel for
that today is Monday and today I'm sorry
for for calling you out and crust I'm
sorry that you keep the interrupting
today is Monday and today we're not
doing anything except maybe cook I don't
know I got no plans for the day the days
beginning right now and there's nothing
to do yeah I mean look at you you're not
adding nothing day yeah I even I don't
know what to do forget it and roll over
let's get the day started it's time for
a wrestle crate unboxing I wanted
Bridget to fill me but she decided
smoking was more important sorry about
that book
she decided smoking was more important
than my unboxing I was trying to get her
to come back inside by maybe yelling a
lot but she doesn't want to come in
so wrestle crate unboxing here we go you
guys there it is so it's gonna be
different today we're just gonna pop
this open and see what we got shirt goes
aside so the first thing that's in here
is Alanna figure and it's just what I
need right you guys another toy so got a
toy we got this little lapel pin you oh
it's a barbed wire bat lapel pin this is
gonna be a quick unboxing a pack of
WrestleMania 32 trading cards a coat
drink coaster it looks like it is the
curb stomp
so where you stomp on somebody's head a
House of hardcore poster
that's pretty sick actually well I'm
just blowing through this thing huh and
it looks like an autograph and autograph
from Joey Styles oh my god so pull this
out there's a second autograph Oh Oh
nobody so we also got an autograph from
Rybak so we've got the Rybak autograph
the Joey Styles autograph the House of
hardcore poster the coaster the playing
cards the pen the action figure and this
shirt let's open this thing up there we
go it is a Nakamura shirt strong style
boom did it without Bridget's help at
all did the unboxing without you that's
right I did it without you I didn't
because you didn't want to film me your
smoking is more important you're being
locked out by the way I'm better lock
the door on you uh I hope you don't
there's a coyote sorry man that's okay
what that's not getting in
not today
no thank you
I feel really betrayed why because I did
a freakin unboxing yes well we got some
takeout now my question am i there like
french fries with ranch uh yes they are
so good so we have some loaded fries and
I don't know if I want to take ranch so
good I knew it hmm they are so did the
unboxing Locke Bridget out that was it
you know I've totally failed I was
trying to scare you the fake it I saw
something I get you scared for a second
really now Bridget seems to think she
heard a noise upstairs and you did yes
how sure you heard it too I don't know
what was that's a ghost
quick thing didn't shit like that we're
not haunted
because Bridget was so sure that she saw
or heard or something a ghost we're
going to go investigate I'm doing this
for a thumbnail so we're gonna go search
to see if we wanted which we're not we
are so everybody who's watching this pay
close attention if you hear anything
point it out into the comment section
listen with headphones
Michael I think we she's the ghost box
we're not gonna talk about that we
should use the ghost box from it what
can you see any of this that's not
spooky though not keeping it now it's
not spooky with the light on
nope you want to make it spooky
terrified no I'm scared when the lights
are off turn it off girls think will
come if there's frickin lights on you
see you see only you and the light so
this whole experiment sucks we need to
use the ghost box Michael cut this we're
not doing the kill socks Oh Michael we
I'm gonna get the ghost box stop it
we're just everyone clicked like we have
to stop Bridget it's too late for that
anyway oh you're scared no I'm not
you are scared no I'm not I don't
believe it I don't believe it guys you
obviously do you're scared and that's
why the lights on now I turn it off cuz
you were scared you said so is that why
you don't use the Ghost Box eat you're
in denial about our house being haunted
there's no such thing as goal
hello excuse me no such thing no yeah
there is there's no such thing as ghosts
which is wasting our time and our film
yes so right now we're searching our
haunted house why I'm sorry I'm just
trying to have fun with flickering I
like it so I'm gonna get it
holy good avoid we had to do deleted
melis goodness five string it out don't
we good he is excited save me yeah okay
yeah well yeah
hey did you hear that what did you hear
that no Michael I heard a sound okay
and you just have to hold the camera yes
I want to choice the bathroom I heard a
sound
we're over here and that in the closet
will save you gas dug in here no oh god
this watch out fine let me get the doge
hold wha that's me
we found our ghost oh my god that's
pretty spooky hey in this ghost stuff no
we're not in the ghost box
so okay maybe not tonight but we are
this long I don't wanna I don't care we
probably should do they click like for
that absolutely like like if you wants
to do ghost timing with the ghost bug
cuz I'm scared enough because you here
keep I did not say I scared you
scared some skier I'm saying for
Bridget's sake wanker take Apollo wink
we're not doing the Ghost Box cut yes
guys click like so you probably realized
the vlog is now called we found our
ghost because Bridget put this little
piece of shit my photo is cute
I gotta get a thumbnail so look creeped
out looking in the closet
ghost here's the Japan actor I'm going
to be acting there anyway I'm watch okay
I'll show you acting Oh fuckin don't say
there that was believable it was a EE
rule with the hexan here man I'm nice
show you how bout on ready for this yeah
I heard a noise over in this closet
let's go find out what that is okay show
us all right Queen Queen
okay you're going on okay your line is I
think there's a ghost in the closet
go Michael I think there's ghosts from
the closet okay he's just that was good
everyone Oh flog you thinking no that
was good what stop hang on
okay the line is something's going down
over here okay some oh my god pay for
something behind this door I'm sorry I
can't man
just kidding I did to you ha ok so if
you saw the vlog we uploaded yesterday
grandpa trying to prank us with a big
piece of durian fruit because he told us
that I said smelliest fruit in the world
he didn't tell us he's gonna prank us
with it did his dad and it didn't work
because it didn't stink and as we were
reading in the comments in the vid in
the vlog yesterday we learned why it
didn't stink cuz that ain't durian fruit
dad that way durian fruit it was
jackfruit ok which is pretty much jack
shit because that don't smell bad or
tastes good so the whole thing was a
total bust
dad I wanted to take a minute in the
vlog to let you know that that was
jackfruit ok fruit I never even heard of
jackford either why but there's a whole
bunch of comments that's jackfruit you
know like how do you will notice fruit
you know me that would be like people
actually buy this to eat to me like the
last resort fruit like you're living on
an island here like I got 80 something
and you had check this thing opening you
survive on it I just have two points of
the now I died laughing when they were
throwing fruit at you what I'm the part
that I laugh at is when Dad gets pissed
because I didn't stink and he's are
slamming the fruit
oh you muted it don't stink ah so if you
didn't see the vlog check it out
yesterday Tina grandpa went ate shit
they were literally like Apes they went
ape yeah they were like monkeys if you
ever seen the video of a monkey like
cracking their coconut I get some rocks
like that was what they were doing
yesterday
outro time well that's gonna be it for
today guys thanks for watching
Bridget tried to prank me didn't work
you try to prank me and it did work so
maybe I did work yes what would you
interrupt me to say that for uh it did
work I said it worked
Oh I've I said didn't anyway I'm gonna
get out of here thanks for watching you
guys like subscribe favorite so on
everything regice and that's it I love
you guys so much
follow me
