what's going on you guys get behind a
camera here fishes here right there and
today is Saturday and today I don't know
what are we doing we're not doing
anything we're not leaving the house we
were going to be going over to Grandpa's
house today but he's still not feeling
well so I'm gonna let him rest up I
think when it's empty no over to his
house and a little bit the check on him
that's gonna be I'm just gonna talk to
her I'm not gonna head over cuz I don't
want to go over there put a camera in
his face I was over there when I saw him
earlier today he's not feeling well get
better he's good he's gonna be fine you
guys I know you all you were worried
he's gonna be fine he's just under the
weather right now but your thoughts
being with Grandpa means everything to
him right now he told me don't you guys
know that he misses you and he can't
wait to do another video soon so today
is what would it take Saturday Saturday
you like really shot in my face with
that I like Saturdays those I like
Saturdays I like Saturdays and Fridays
Cove yeah so okay
so that was really Shannon so anyway
today is Saturday and today I'll be
honest
Irene if we're gonna have a vlog I don't
know this is the only thing we're
recording
there's just nothing going on it's like
I mean I don't know let's get this
Saturday started oh my what's that it's
like I don't know see this hat let's get
started nothing style nothing style it's
time for us to do it pro rest great now
I don't think I've opened one of these
on camera well I think you yeah they get
smaller and smaller okay hopefully this
one's a little better here we go Pro
Wrestling great shirt it's put aside all
right so the first thing we got is a
koozie for TLC which has Tables Ladders
and Chairs not know it is tender loving
care
alright let's think TLC tender tender of
lemon chicken you win okay next we have
this little linear holder also for
tender lemon chicken tender lemon
chicken when your holder
oh wow it's a fake ear holy crap this is
making fun of Mick Foley who lost his
ear in a wrestling match watch she's a
property of Mick Foley oh god she lost
his entire ear a big chunk of it big
there's a look in here um well no not at
all maybe it doesn't look any or not
really no okay all right now we've got
the I don't know what to help us is to
bond a villains I don't know it's like
old school wrestling kind of thing huh
and then we have bad guy brand
toothpicks basically this is for Scott
Hall who would come to the ring if I can
open them all right oh it pops out so
Scott Hall would holy crap
now this funny that was this thing bad
guy brand it's basically we can just
replace toothpick you leave this that's
cool
nothing's happening it's all it's
already broken oh my god things already
broken I was about to say this was not
bad it's already broken
okay last thing is the shirt oh cool
that's good so there's a new show it's a
hit show on Netflix right now called
stranger things and one of the wrestling
objects from ECW was the Singapore cane
so in the stranger things logo it says
Singapore canes which is basically a
kendo stick that you beat
somebody in the back oh my god so we've
got the Singapore cane is shirt could
you imagine and beat with one no
economic because it neither the TLC
thing the other TLC thing the fake ear
the toothpick distributor and this no
bad
yeah I agree this was a good one not a
bad little crate today yes I don't want
to film this thing dude funny about the
film so we're about to go outside and
throw toys for the dog as you guys know
you think you're starting now I sunburn
very easily so we're going to play throw
toys with the dogs and I don't want to
have a sunburn oh that's not enough I
agree like you've burned so easy
meanwhile I freaking tan I have a
horrible farmer's tan though look oh
yeah dude yeah what's wrong with you I
know what's wrong with me I don't got
enough fuck shit on my face yo big boy
one second oh we're just come on this is
this enough that's to be it no I don't
know if it is cuz last time in freakin
I'm still burned up alright listen wait
a little more don't give the nose that's
the biggest point
I think that's gotta be placing your
cousin up wait I miss the spot the only
joking cuz like I feel like this is like
- why no it's not going on yeah you're
laughing this is too much no it isn't
Jesus spf15 my face like burning right
now yeah what the hell
Bridget this is too much I gotta get
them back my shirt now first things
first Bridget mosquitoes are landing in
two freaking stone holy crap are you
serious they think Bella Gaga get it
Bella
ah ah I was adorable
happy as for you sir what
no son is touching that skin that's what
I'm on I'm wear a mask over it oh my god
mosquitoes are landing in it though is
there any buck specs yeah LLL wait it
wait
hey you're just hitting me no there's
one right there I'm turning it all right
oh crap ah they abandon their toys
instantly to try to eat grass cly that's
grass buddy you got food inside Oh Clyde
stop it Belle will do something she's
like hey Clyde you think I'll do
something
I'll join hey guys so I can't be out
here because mosquitoes they keep
landing in it and it's driving me crazy
oh yeah holy crap you have your entire
face it's those little box but what oh
you villain yes so okay I went into the
freezer to get me a frozen meal to heat
up in the microwave and I find this okay
you know what they are little pumpkin
little pumpkin ice cubes look at this
what is this one there's no other
pumpkins it's spooky stuff oh my God
look at this you guys it's so cool is
this for real Bridgette take one of the
spiders on with see what it looks like
what the hell where's it at that
danyoung oh wow that's pretty cool
actually yeah that's what I thought that
is sick all right Shannon you might have
done something funny this time put it
back
oh my no what Brody's oh don't eat a
dog's there's no buttons mover time cook
done is this your first time
Bridget look at this time cook show me
where a button is what the 90 minutes
what you do this see it don't even work
for me like what you turn it and look
what okay time cook what the hell I'm
getting tired of the electronics in this
house being smarter than me okay took me
a while to I gotta admit okay five
minutes ah
mica hook now it's seriously now what Oh
what did you do look time cook time
sorry okay I just got to address
something what on this camera and looks
like sometimes the numbers will
disappear what the hell Z I do see that
what is going on why does it do that is
if it goes in a screw feel like there's
a shadow or something
okay so I don't have you talked to dad
today at all well well he hasn't been
feeling well for like the past week and
he doesn't like me being there so I was
wondering if you would run over
go check up on him yeah I guess that
make you feel any better yeah Peter I'll
talk to him but he doesn't really want
to talk and he didn't want me to come
over he thinks I'm gonna come up with a
camera and I probably would so I think
it'd be better if you just go over there
and go go just go chill with him for a
little bit and don't get into any
arguments nice and gentle with her
hey whatever she's gonna be nice and
gentle with the Bridget okay and no
politics no fall aesthetics because then
I'll be getting the call later on huh
just go just go chill around and just
see how he's doing
thanks Eva so about two and a half hours
ago when we came out here with food toys
for the dogs
we were like let's wait for this guy to
finish cutting grass I just said hey
we'll be done in a few minutes then
we'll throw the toys for the dogs
uh and then he never stopped and here we
are like three hours later and he's
still cutting grass it's gotta be hell
cutting 50 acres of land
you know everything when you cut in
grass on 50 acres that's sad so sorry
bro finish up I just want to tell you
because he's still cutting right now and
I will come back in about 30 minutes
and give you another update if he's done
or not well it's been 15 minutes you
this is like a four hour job okay we
better film the scene did it just get
louder
hey guy you know we're trying to vlog
he's like hey Louie put on the double
engine did not yell out her it's dolly
got louder I'm assuming they were like
is he done let's go film a scene real
quick so anyway I was just thinking
prison
what if football's looked like this oh
yeah it was a professional NFL football
they're using this year with like a
tennis ball stuff in the middle of any
shit dude that would be pretty funny
that wasn't funny oh my gosh hey you
know the birds that they're fighting
right what do you mean there's like
birds in the tree they're like fighting
I don't hear anything
well they keep circling the tree and I
thought it was like adorable whoa
why bro you're home now this is getting
it's gotten louder and it's been like
two really four hours now and it seems
like he's only been in like one area so
he's like recutting the same grass out
of you can hear me but do this it's been
like eight hours I know I keep making it
longer I can't even talk I know that I
keep making it longer but seriously like
eight hours it's been hours we stupid I
feel like the fucking room he's got some
scaring me now I'm doing a dog well
that's gonna be it for you guys thanks
for watching my skin looks like greasy
actually holy crap Bridget was there oh
so I'm the greasy one anyway everybody
get out of here thanks for watching you
guys
Tina let me know how dad's doing don't
piss them off too much so I'm gonna get
out of here
like subscribe favorite fun everything
for to us and that's it Michael it's
October 1st happy October 1st
happy October 1st we got to get some
videos going I need to get some pumpkins
we need to get a pumpkin over to
grandpa's house yes click like if you
wants to do the annual pumpkin video we
do one every year click like if you want
another one this year oh my god I won
this time here Wow
