what's going on you guys kid behind
something growing on his head here bitch
says get the pho she's been yeah today
hey wait I can do the intro today is
Thursday and today and today this vlog
is starting off after I pranked Bridget
now the reason is starting off now is
because I forgot to do the intro earlier
however so look at this thing crawl on
my head son why haha look how it looks
in the camera that wasn't cool so I just
pranked bridge that's gonna be later in
the vlog today we went to a Halloween
store and I got this is literally the
scariest mask so I scared Bridget and my
mom with how do you know how to sound
like such a pig so maybe I can sound
like a pig because I am more you're not
a damn pigs so what is look how looks on
my head you're gonna be a pig's be
anyway take this off today is Thursday
and today I pranked Bridget I pranked
her mom this vlog this part is starting
off what are you doing I thought you're
putting something on your face it's a
little windy so I got a scream we got
fur we're at halloween Express enix I
already said that
we're here at halloween Express on
rivers Avenue I can't see what I'm
filming right now and I can't know if
you can hear me because the wind is so
powerful either way we're taking asses
inside and see what they got this is my
favorite time of year man why are you
keep interrupting me shut up whoo it's
raining by the way
okay Michael don't
any sudden movements slowly turn OH
slowly turn we're inside halloween
Express right now and we found something
for Doug instantly a gargoyle you know
to get over kids and I don't know what
your dad your dad has a major obsession
with gargoyles I know it's really weird
well they got him here what's your mom
doing oh my god Michael should we help
the sky Oh No you all right buddy I mean
it looks like he's been watching fevers
there I got locked in the chairs you
okay what would you do if he like came
on it would probably leave the door you
use a spit on the right way what was
gonna be frickin this way it's a space
helmet what the hell y'all do face
helmet what why are you guys I'm ready
to go I'm just a you stop this we're
cool like that Michael no there's
nothing cool embarrassing okay Cindy
please take off why it's embarrassing
why do you need to fit in are you gonna
really walk on this over this thing I'm
actually yeah look at the cameras over
you're doing now oh we just you see
what's up butter let me just say clowns
are not something you want to joke about
right now there are clowns loose in
South Carolina so stay away from our
budget
just saying you it's not that big of a
deal
why are you someone that we can keep
that she doesn't to hurt your feeling
I'm trying to get Cindy to make fun of
me and she won't do Cindy how about in
this music over here Jesus right okay so
you got it attendant you know what to
say
you know what the thing are you gonna do
it oh I don't want to say it she's
saying it watch this man so you're gonna
mask when you do it I find you're
putting on a mask well we just left
halloween Express which means we're
gonna check out more spooky stuff and
boy did we find it this is annoying now
I'm not even in the Christmas spirit
it's already Christmas yeah and I saw
their Halloween section as little what
is this like I want to get out of this
so I know Halloween is a month away but
let's get a big snowman to put enough
ringer for Christmas
well we are out to dinner right now
virginals oh she's taking a picture of
her food I got I got it because of this
all right now I got two years are you
serious is this the only reason cameras
exist anymore dude I have like a
thousand pictures in my phone of just
food so they are Cindy got what do you
got here got a rib eye in the Sri
and they're loaded potato Bridget's got
a burger and mac and cheese gonna close
up with a key that looks good right
that's such a good picture of it focus
you bastard there we go and then of
course the winning de Mille braised come
on there we go
braised short ribs and mac and cheese
let's see the mac and cheese rich go for
a bite I don't care if it burns eat it
for the camera good so now that Michael
is gone we could talk about it
okay what do I talk about well I've been
thinking lately we should I don't know
Frank um but I also kind of want to
break up because I just excuse me who
are you sir I heard everything asshole
oh my god let's redo it I just want to
talk about how much I hate Michael and
that how he can't cook I asshole don't
you get in my house - me a whole time it
was your sky Cyndi's like for real cargo
oh it's a joke Cindy oh my gosh maybe
she should do it we could talk about who
are you I'm Eileen okay Cindy if you're
gonna do you're going to not laugh like
this she's like dying the word over this
okay ready
is she positioned okay ready
good get it a little closer well I'm
totally blocking her back no I got it
let's talk about your mom for a minute
what do you want to say about her she's
a bitch
she's a piece of trash he's been firing
this whole day oh my gosh the whole time
we were in that restaurant she was
farting
farting and farting my gosh so are you
on to your new house it's me Michael
under everything you said oh my god
she's being serious with that tone she
was she was far too
Jesus Michael you're scaring me well
because bridge completed this she's
scary
terrified inspired and I will be very
bad
Sophie I'm not really a pig I guess oh I
am okay but no getting now I'm scared to
do this thumbnail bridge was so far away
so we're going to have to actually do it
I'm Cindy I'm going to try to actually
scare you here so when I say when I say
go just look scared that's all ready
we're about is trying scared oh my god
you're scaring me
you're literally scaring me really yeah
her mom so it takes like 45 minutes I'm
gonna be in the closet for a while
Oh
oh my god really
okay hey I had to get out I had to do it
yeah no yes
oh poor Bridget little goalie shed and
scared
hey I've had to do it we prank you if I
were we pranked your mom that's my mom
God are you ready to be in so no yes I
came out of my face we're doing right
now you're ready outta my face
what's going on you guys kid behind
something growing on his head here
pretty says get up still pissed
no I'm calming down a little more
why are you guys scared of this thing
dude it's so creepy
yeah oh my it was just resting when
you're okay get out
all right no I'm out I'll go you my
glasses world no the light switches are
in here genius what was I supposed to do
I was trying to get stop
anyway that's gonna be it for today guys
thanks for watching I prank Bridget I
pranked her mom I am so getting you back
how am I telling you you have to tell me
action now I'm not telling you tell me
how no the so anyway I'm sorry yeah it
was a little fun I'd used a mask and you
screamed
alright good maybe maybe he's right I
know you're bullshitting you're just
trying not we try to throw me off the
scent
I'm gonna get out of here thanks for
watching you a bull shit in like
subscribe favorite fun on everything
which it was if tomorrow's vlog is
called Bridge to revenge I'm gonna be
mad
stop it's not
you
