what's going on you guys can be on a
camera here facility yeah right there in
today knock it off shoot is Wednesday
it's Wednesday and today I got to talk
to you guys about something important
last night I drank piss oh I'm not gonna
tell the story
tomorrow's throwback Thursday I will
throw back to yesterday click like if
you wanna hear the story about how I
drank pee it was a total accident
guys it was pretty gross
all right like that's what I'm gonna say
it was disgusting
I apologize I don't know why I'm
apologizing but I'm sorry to myself I
feel bad for you like you're really like
you're not sick Jesus you know that's
tomorrow if you guys want to hear the
story click like I messed up well folks
I messed up so pics messed up that's
gonna be tomorrow today is Wednesday and
today I don't know what's going on
actually what I wanna make enchiladas
we're not making enchiladas
let's make enchiladas I don't know how
to make enchiladas
let's look up a recipe when I dumped
Michael cut this out okay you guys we're
making enchiladas
all right she drove it into these about
20 minutes with angel eye it's a lot
craving an hol so we're making
enchiladas
if the vlog is called enchilada disaster
that's because I couldn't make them as I
suspect if it's called anything else I
guess they turned out passable babe I
believe in you you can make anything
great believe me
absolutely let's get this onesie started
ah okay Bridget is convinced that she
heard something up there I did I heard
nothing
I heard Lee okay
so that's all you heard yes before the
air conditioner cutting on um why
Felix what you hear here mean you give a
shit he's running away from it have you
noticed every Tom King runs away he
lifts his tail up I'm feeling less cat
for fuck you he's trying to spray these
her like fuck you when he runs off okay
oh I'm sure oh the light on go I just
I'm joking break listen so we were going
to be going to Grandpa's house today I
told you guys in yesterday's vlog to
click like I was gonna go over today and
I was gonna go over earlier I talked to
dad and he told me the reason he didn't
answer my phone call yesterday wasn't
because he's upset with me it's nothing
like that uh he just wasn't feeling well
he says his stomach wasn't feeling very
well he's just not feeling good so he
didn't want to answer and today he's not
feeling well again so I sent somebody
over there to look at him check on he
didn't want me over told me to go fuck
myself he when he when he doesn't feel
good and I'm like dad you should go to
the hospital
don't you much I even think you told you
to die 100 yeah it was like really snap
what if you Michael died yeah like dad
you need to go to off the book you die
Jesus Christ day oh yeah I was like dad
what if you got good be away from you so
that's the kind of person we're dealing
I I told I was just okay maybe she go to
the hospital go right he says he's gonna
feel better he's gonna start feeling
better feeling better
can't talk he's gonna start feeling
better soon so I didn't want to go over
there and bother him while he's sick but
I'm gonna try to go over there tomorrow
see how grandpa is doing feel better
Grampa
get well soon grandpa thank you bitch
that was hell
Wow grandpa chill get well soon all
right you guys welcome to pickle boy's
kitchen
you like my little look it's adorable
skillets on the stove can I do my
cooking fit anyway today we are making
chicken enchiladas and I wanted to find
a recipe and I found was a Amy's badass
seneschal I think Angie's Angie's bad I
sent you let me look Angie's or Annie's
somebody I would say Angie's and it is
Angela's oh man got a recipe online
called Angela's awesome and gelatos now
Angela's recipe wanted you to boil the
chicken first and then transfer the
chicken over and peel it I've got time
for all that okay I'm a man on the go so
we got rotisserie chicken why are you
holding your mouth we forgot the chicken
what we forgot the chicken we forgot the
damn chicken it's definitely your fault
we forgot chicken yes no the main
ingredient we forgot I didn't grab it
did you no I didn't either
I asked you to perfect then I asked you
to grab it but max where's the chicken
at we didn't get any left in the car no
we actually like we forgot the chicken
so then we're just saying did this
happen until one is tomorrow
well it looks like we got to head back
to the store and get chicken for the
enchiladas this is simple how did you
forget that you there's things on one
Bridget this is totally you
this is totally you pickleboy messed up
Bridget did it well
we got the rotisserie chicken now let's
take our asses back home
Bridget by the way I also forgot the
camera oh I'm sorry
let's just cancel the ball no how do I
put my finger over them you give me that
close to my face they can't they can't
see the chicken we got the chicken guy
I'm not keeping any of that intro we're
doing the whole thing no good today
forget it we're back with the chicken
you got your back with the chicken
chicken so the first step that we need
to do for our enchiladas is bridget is
going to peel the chicken um there is
two chickens I get one you get the up so
I you don't want me to sautee the onions
at all so the first step is you're going
to sautee some butter when that's done
you can add about a half a pack i would
say a pack it's like one onion though
yes I bought chopped onions already imma
add about a half of this fat of onions
we're going to saute these up until they
are translucent and that's it for right
now folks okay the next part kind of
proved me off first a can of cream of
chicken now it says for a 10 ounce can
but I want a little more than that so
this is a 20 ounce again so it's double
and one more on the bottom so hey I
agree followed by a pile of sour cream
I'll go buy sour cream says over a cup
so I figure this we won't leave that so
we have the sour cream with that we add
chili powder and we saute it up okay our
onions are good now first we're going to
add some of that chicken now the recipe
said to boil chicken I decide to just
peel the chicken cuz 1c0 yeah - I think
the chicken tastes better so to that I
add one
a taco seasoning move on - it may oh
goody taco seasoning was so damn hard to
open pack of taco seasoning one a little
small can of chopped green chillies 1/2
a B green onion and 1 cup of water
we're going to foil this
holy shit Oh stir everything together
and let it boil this has been sauteing
for about seven or eight minutes next up
a little bit of onion powder this has
like it gives you directions but that's
not how I cook a little bit of garlic
I've learned that sometimes recipes just
don't turn out the way you're supposed
to so I just do my own thing and lime
juice a little splash of lime juice and
we are going to let this saute up for
another 10 minutes final step for this
part we're going to take about a cup of
this mixture and pour it right into this
I don't know than a cup I don't care
I mean brands have been sneaking taste
of it it's amazing it's pretty good I'll
give it to it hopefully not too much ice
not too much right no it's awesome the
next step is to start making enchiladas
now the first thing I did was take the
remaining sauce and poured it in the
bottom of this pan it's gonna sit it so
let's get a spoon you want a generous
portion of this mixture they've got a
better spoon oh I want a better swim yes
mm-hmm
there we go damn generous portion of
that
with some cheese and we roll this up
how's that awesome and we just repeat
that process we'll be right back all
right your next step is your enchilada
sauce we just got it right out of the
can
I don't know if people do make it to
selves I don't know
I assume what not us pitching just
enchilada sauce I wouldn't even know
where to start
I know tomato juice it seems like a
reasonable place so we're just gonna
cover these up
we're covering this up cheese cheesy
goodness all right next up final step
green onions YUM
and there it is oh and the oven just
beat haha this is my special day so
we're making chicken enchiladas will it
be good yeah I'm gonna say we're gonna
be well I've been eating the mixes
delicious yeah like it's amazing here it
is oh my god I'll admit how we did that
for thumbnail I didn't get it easily -
oh crap
what do it again hang on that's hurting
my head doing it digitally chase said it
sucked recording what's wrong with the
camera I don't know all right just hang
on okay try now delicious okay oh that's
fine Bridget oh here we go you guys
we're gonna pop this video whoa
ovens done Wow what that even
represented anyway we have some other
stuff we're not gonna film was making
that we'll see you in a few minutes when
that's done
okay can i buy anything god I need open
the other time you guys should go just
happen I don't know ever do a sila I put
on the gloves never start freaking out
guys move I don't you know she ran to
thank you glad for not attacking me okay
here we go okay let's try the thumbnail
again what did I say delicious maybe
don't talk do a crap I didn't get the in
Jalan it's just your face promise me
alright one more time
are you gotten both yeah don't eat
cheese
are you guys okay I got it I got it the
whole time you always fall apart it's so
funny cuz I don't know woman gonna pick
it back up I guess I could okay so I got
my plate got some refried beans got some
rice now let's go for oh my god an
enchilada I feel like this is gonna be
hard but who cares figure this out shall
we
maybe you need to spatulas do we own two
spatulas that's the question not as nice
as this one
but there should be a little one behind
you like I think it's white alright you
guys hey good blog hon oh this is a
bitch dude it was a high yeah of course
holy crap he got those babe oh man did
there we go Angelo de beans rice is our
for for anything of choice for those
she's this spoon stay on here we go
good
siliceous let me try here's your point
can be very hot
hey that worked all right deal
well first time we ever made it that is
good here we go
right enchiladas beads boy eat what I do
anything on my tape first
what do I have anything in my teeth like
enchiladas or I'll know me lots of stuff
gimme that's good okay
that's gonna be it for today guys thanks
for watching like ah you so cute
okay main enchilada tonight you guys
they were pretty good
you're really good though recipe if you
look them up just look up chicken
enchilada recipe and I think it was
Angela's yeah Angela's taken enchilada
recipe
Angela's awesome chicken whatever
something like that like subscribe
favorite fun everything put your eyes
and that's it I love you guys and I love
the enchiladas
they were so good no but for real I
think my teeth now
you
