what's going on you guys kick me out a
camera here for Josie yeah right there
and today may cause herpes
you're not saying the same you're not
saying that shit and there's nothing to
see here anyway baby I gotta fix your
band a one sided
Oh what being gay they don't have
nothing on my face right now
come on tape
come on tape hold the band-aid they'll
never know I agree I can't even tell
okay I gotta be upfront with you guys
about something first I can you may not
have noticed I have a band-aid on my lip
and it's not obvious at all so no okay
today I was taking a shower and I
started drying my face off and I scraped
my lip and I made it worse and it's sort
of bleeding
oh yeah is there blood on it
so whoa what so like I was saying I got
out of the shower today and I guess it
wet the portion of my lip that was
healing and I scrubbed my face with the
towel to dry off boom
ripped it open blood was running down my
whole body but it was lagging her ass
off about it no I was she wasn't so
anyway that happened to me today what's
going on with you Bertie it was really
gruff we're done talking about my
disgusting look can't even explain the
amount of blood okay it was discussing I
admit it when you flee Oh goodbye I will
start the vlog what the hell is this can
send me a box let's take a guess no but
what kind of Shannon fingers that I bet
you flip it don't say today I want bad
that they are so cute I love it so it
can't turn too bad which bridge
especially I don't think so you want to
see something super cute why hold this I
don't even want to know what this is Ken
send me a craft what is that and what
the hell is that
I get the payment are you gonna do it
yes I don't think you will die well like
this is adorable
well if he will keep drinking water if
Mama's not going to the craft no I'm
gonna do the crab I'm gonna do it thanks
for the confidence Bella if you didn't
see the video we uploaded yesterday I
went to Grandpa's house for the Hilary I
was at the Carter Hillary Trump for the
Donald Trump Hillary Clinton debates
this sucks we didn't even make it - it
was still daylight dude we got to the
did we got to his house we were there
for about 15 minutes and he blew up
because we started here's what happened
cuz bridge didn't get it on film
dad I were talking back and forth he was
talking about the email scandal I was
talking about Trump University and
steaks and bankruptcies and all kinds of
we were just having a discussion and he
didn't like it
okay you just shut the fuck up buck okay
and I guess that's what Bridgette shuts
it on I was trying to talk and then I
didn't want to watch it on Fox News
because I think they're bias that's my
opinion
I don't like Fox News meh I could be
wrong maybe I've never given him a fair
shake what I asked what I feel about him
so he flipped out he broke his TV he
kicked us out I came home and I was
gonna record last night my reaction did
but I just wanted to just be left alone
watch the debate and that's what
happened so if you didn't see the video
click the link below dad Jake Ulis like
I'm glad we washed in here I can't
imagine how he was in the house how does
this ridiculous I don't even want to
know type of shit he was saying to the
TV if you even has one here's one of his
bedroom I'm sure you wash it in his
bedroom
yeah I'm sure what if it broke it oh I'm
not how do you want to think it'd be so
annoying
we're dealing with the fallout from all
that it's bullcrap dad whatever I'll see
you this week anyway I don't care
the popping you're hearing over there is
coming from Greece and right now
not blow it's not boiling can I do this
so yep afternoon one more time last
night we were going to be making chicken
wing dip an angry Grandpa's house for
the debate we when you got all the stuff
dad kicked us out so is that too hot
yeah okay
dad dad your bring you out okay dad
didn't let us cook the chicken wing
diddly move it dad okay so dad didn't
let us do the chicken wing dip at his
house yesterday cuz we got kicked out we
didn't come home and make it we just
bought some stuff from the store so
today we're making that debate chicken
wing dip only there's the debate with
look we're making chicken wing down
right now
we got Kim on the phone bridge told her
to hold on I'm gonna fuck with her and
talk like a baby we're trying to get
that we got it we don't know how to do
the wind up first so oh hello
Oh Oh what we did we made Wayne do what
we do
I'm just messin me I was trying to talk
like a baby alright that stuff is nachos
next up is blue cheese okay so you cream
up the creamy cheese and then you add
blue cheese and you cook it down a
little bit yeah
and then wire okay now that we've melted
all that down we're gonna pour some hot
sauce now we got a big little bottle you
don't want the whole damn bottle make
off I like spicy crap okay it's gonna
have enough okay
okay how's that Oh more good I think
that's probably okay now I'm you can
measure sort yeah place that we have any
fun
sorry about that the thing is she'll
talk for 10 minutes and not even realize
even muted the whole time so oh now I'm
gonna add cheese and shredded chicken
right into there take a look inside Tim
and then we start up really good pour it
into a pan and wallah
yeah she only takes over notice this
time Robby Horton spices so you mix it
up really well it just shows that she
doesn't give a fuck about anybody else
talking she's gonna talk okay
what's the oven preheated to 350 it's
still preheating she preheat the oven to
350 yeah it's not 300 or 50 minutes yeah
well some of that there you go yeah
right Michael what is Venice well
Bridget uh I don't I can't give you
exact year but paper towels were
invented by somebody there paper towels
the redline okay
seriously are you wonder with the blue
and green line this time no it's the
design on it no one isn't what is that
doesn't that trash I don't know it looks
like blood are you hitting it to me no I
was on cocky I'm embarrassed myself yeah
so right now for the Tinder's I'm using
whatever the hell this is Kentucky
kernel seasoned flour so I just got
these tenders coated lightly just like
the directions set and excuse the mess
I'm going to clean after I'm done
but I just got it coded it's not that
much all I did was put that in there mix
it in there fry them up I'm gonna screw
one right now see how it going oh come
on there you go
so they're still frying but here we go
get a close-up on blur so you don't want
to unblock after a few hours and nearly
passing out from exhaustion dinner is
ready
all after this one little tender and a
scoop of chicken wing dip so first up
we're gonna try the chicken wing good Oh
iPads good no it's best ever
now then the tinder so there's Nana dip
it in back all that work I'm true
sausage me GU Yong ha ha well I got some
cleaning to do
don't even go I haven't talked to
Grandpa today and rather than letting
this thing just go down and we don't
talk for days I'm going to just call
them I'm gonna make him answer me I
don't care how many times it takes dad
we got to get through this dumb shit yes
just politics seriously like
you don't even see anything crazy I
didn't yeah hey it's your son uh I know
you like to listen to the messages so
I'm going to call you about another 30
times so answer me because I want to get
through this because I want to come over
to your house I like chilling over at
your house and bothering you now I'm
just joking
not bother you not bother you but please
let's try again
six
didn't hold the camera okay we should
just show up I agree tomorrow okay click
like and we should just pop it at a new
Grandpa's house he doesn't want to talk
to me but if we don't we've learned that
if we don't talk to them it just
Fester's and it gets angrier so I think
I should just pop in smack the like
button and like I'm clicking like three
times even though I don't think it'll
count I'll click like minute I don't
know I'm clicking like anyway we're
going over to Grandma's house tomorrow
oh man Bridget look at this this kitchen
is a wreck from dinner we got a mess on
our hands it's time to clean what do you
say oh I felt oh come on we're cleaning
you ready for it
ah No all right here's before okay you
guys / / / / you guys saw it before here
is after yeah forget it
well that's gonna be it for today guys
thanks for watching had a little bit of
fallout from the debates last night dad
doesn't want to talk but hopefully you
guys click like and I'll go over
tomorrow smack like if you want us to do
that it's crazy
I think he's embarrassed this time he's
gotta be this time usually I don't think
he's embarrassed I'd be humiliated he
freaked out he broke another TV over the
election
what was your election experience like
yeah let me know in the comments what it
was like at your house
were you getting along with your family
did they treat you like shit because you
don't have the same opinion as them I
want to know honestly let me know in the
comment section what it was like for you
I'm gonna get out of here thanks for
watching you guys like subscribe
favorite for everything for to us and
that's it
hello guys and click like for us to go
to see grandpa I love you every time sir
love you
you
