what's going on you guys kick me out of
camera here fidgety yeah right there and
today we're haunted
oh come on this again we are haunted
okay
Michael heard something okay no I didn't
it was you it was not me okay
straight up last night Brendan went to
bed I stayed up because I was watching
freaking last week tonight whatever HBO
I was trying to watch TV and I heard so
I heard a whisper and it was Bridget now
tell me if I was whispering why would
you hear that I don't know I don't heard
it
it's not proof it's a ghost okay then we
have somebody like I don't know in the
house so I heard the whisper and I sat
the first thing I was like okay I'm
hearing something it's obviously a
person's voice it was definitely a voice
and so I said okay give me a few minutes
I'm gonna go check on Bridget if she's
up it was her and she was up but I was
trying to sleep yeah quiet
chances are you fell asleep or some
shower yeah okay well I you said you've
heard but so the only explanation is
it's a ghost wasn't me Bridget for god
sakes you just forgot okay you know
what's missing me home we need to go no
I don't want to do it you're just scared
what I don't know there's no such thing
as ghosts you're forget it today is
Monday and today we're not haunted oh
well I'm going on guy know we're not no
we're not
I did notice Bridget come look this fell
right film is flying I don't know why
don't start saying it was a spirit evil
could have been um also our freaking
fire alarms are going off for no reason
could have been a ghost it's mine I
framed my first Google letter saying I'm
at past 100,000 a grandpa show and it
fells broke I get a new frame for it
yeah be careful it's very delicate
little piece of paper you should put um
you should put the letter itself in a
drawer yeah I'm going and this not the
first one to fall
okay that's to tell you something the
picture of dad power ever yeah yeah but
guess what these thingies worked perfect
at the other house so then maybe it's
the coating on the wall so who knows I
hope it's the code it's a coding issue
it's not a ghost we need to go son
you feel it's very slick so obvious it
yes it's very soft delete it please I
need me you you scare not including us
pretty runny included we have to it's so
funny uh Bridget everybody has a laugh
that I can't take anymore laughter all
right damn I got you there's no such
thing let's just admit it you're
actually kind of scared of a what if so
as you may have noticed this vlog got
uploaded around three o'clock and the
reason that this vlog went up so early
is because tonight we're going over to
Grandpa's house for the Donald Trump
Hillary Clinton debate and
that's probably going to be all night
and so if I don't if I want to upload a
vlog in a timely manner I had to do it
early but click like if you guys want us
to vlog from the debate and I would do
it with dad when we talk politics it
gets heated as any household because me
and dad don't agree with each other when
it comes to who were voting for so this
is gonna be crazy
you know this debate is gonna be so
heated in itself like they hate each
other course so click like and I will
vlog at the debate maybe me and Dad will
debate at some point click like I'll do
it for tomorrow's blunder stay out of it
and just just film you you stay out of
your fee out of it last time you got
involved that was like food good night
it was it was crazy now when it comes to
who I'm voting for
neither yeah I mean I think we're now at
a point where we're damned if we do
we're damned if we don't
so I'm just watching the show now I'm
just watching it payment like I really
want to see this debate to be
entertained it is what it is my vote was
for somebody else he's now out of the
election so I'm just watching these two
people tear each other's heads off yeah
click like and we'll vlog from the
debate well we just got to the store
because we promised grandpa that tonight
we would bring snacks over to the debate
what kind of snacks is grandpa Martin
first of all does anybody else do this
is anybody else gonna get together
watching the debate with snacks
we are just us I hope not I was going to
be like a champ but I don't know who to
root for so anyway we're getting ready
for getting some snacks I don't know
what dad likes let's just get a bag of
garbage
oh just joking it's getting about that
time Bridget oh my god
hey I think they have like cinnamon here
what they have cinnamon rooms here and I
really shy I need to find the day you
get a cinnamon broom is the day that I
give up
no where are they we're not getting a
cinnamon broom cinnamon for however I do
want to get the pumpkin that we do don't
talk I want to get grandpa's pumpkin
from here whenever we do the never
October starts okay we are now in my
section of the store the frozen cramp oh
okay
I want this frozen crap lean oh damn
fuzzy Oh God okay no I'm not it's frozen
you know don't be crap stay away from me
oh you know you couldn't didn't have to
be so like against me what do you mean I
freaking love frozen crowd I wasn't
saying that all the buggy right there
anyway
frozen crap I want it
away
do I want a door on a potpie for the
debate
I was joking but even in my leg your
legs
what yeah
you're fuckin right now Bridget and I
sitting here eating candy and I thought
it'd be funny for the blood for roots
and bad jokes please laugh eat up
oh I have one what is a sad strawberry
blueberry next whatever okay so now that
what is NASA do to plan parties what
they plan it Bridget I'm doing the jokes
here okay oh wait that's not the answer
whoa okay first joke what did the crop
say to the farmer uh I don't know why
are you always picking on me
ah poor crop what does a television have
in common with a rabbit I don't know his
ears oh gosh this 2016 guys look at me
like Linton huh yeah come on Lambie
tabby what goes up but never comes down
err err why it's age oh my god hey
thanks a lot laughs eat a B that's
exactly what I want to be reminded of
when I'm eating your delicious little
sugary treat that I'm gonna die someday
the end I'm some you're eating the
sugary treat
oh my gosh that's insane that's pretty
that's pretty evil Wow matters just say
guess who dies you thanks Laffy Taffy so
Bridgette is reading her joke just
passing through the outside what is that
a joke does he answer are you serious
with this Bridgette what there's the
joke Oh what does the wind stay to the
screen just passing through
what you really okay Bridget that's just
I'm sorry
I'm sorry okay you guys I gotta show
this Oh Don Bello
so I just noticed a new Halloween
decoration that bridger has who is felt
can you believe it they're so cute
Bridget seriously are adorable are you
leavin wit like that yeah what they are
so cute look at this it's cute you know
they're cute you guys shannon is out of
control quad you can't have this big
baller campaign that Johnny there is not
even October yet we got done here
Bridget seems to really think that the
noise which was her it was not me which
was her was something else so to
eliminate it being ghostly she wants to
have Doug checks them with a crevices of
the house to see if there's a rat or
ghost maybe Doug go find a goblin it was
totally a ghost coming up for gargoyle
who's that you got it here's our garden
coil to the blog the other day your dad
has a gargoyle obsession why do you love
gargoyles they're cool
whenever I brush my teeth at gargoyle Oh
what is that it's just damn phone you
knew - that's good
anything I'll link to the SEO in further
not ain't nothing up here
nothing okay that's good it was Brigitte
last night forget it was it was not you
check the Attic he checked the Attic
yeah I haven't even seen this thing
pulled down yet I'm pretty terrified
he'll hear that hear what like something
moving don't mess around with us dude
that's ballet you're hearing she's down
there freaking out what I heard bail
it's us us here you hold me man
oh wow what's up I don't know why y'all
playing why somebody's got a hole dug
get a pillow a sleeping bag plants this
one be left so freakin pillow and a
sleeping bag up here yeah she droppings
up you from a wreck a what what
did you see a rat rat dropping it's
probably why they left the freaking
sleeping bag in the pillow because they
didn't want to go up there cuz of raps
why is
what does that mean done Oh God what I
think I know what I voters been in the
backyard what what what do you see yeah
oh man something escaped
what do you see Bridget I don't I can't
see nothing it's too high um y'all might
wanna call low while all the cops yeah
why because I think somebody was living
up here and they died before what
oh why you got vultures there's a dead
fucking behind Michael caught it ha no
no y-you got vultures hanging out in
your backyard oh my god we gonna call
the cops to you this is I'm not going up
there filming get up there I'm not going
up there Doug grab the camera and film
it
oh man
what no this dude's got a knife in him
check it out he was lying Bridget here
take this so there's nothing a third is
stopped enjoy your new home gun I can't
close it I don't know how to close the
damn thing oh shit we can't get it open
that should a bunny top bullshit why did
you do that all right done hope you
enjoy your new home if there really is a
sleeping bag on pillow that you can use
fit oh he turned the light on oh god see
doesn't shit scares me it's scaring me I
can barely see y'all yeah what up there
cuz it's gonna snap oh that's nothing
funny so there's nothing up there it's
their dead body in the Attic or not who
is seriously ghana's what do you do your
dad I can't Rd being in this family at
this point dude he's becoming a
prankster now Jesus that's so fun dead
body in the Attic gosh you said you were
hearing things what did you find
something for real well it was a ghost
I hope that was the TV okay stop I do
hear some dogs barking that's our dogs
Oh
who is that icon you got to close it
would give it I can't take it for good
awesome is it not I'm sure this guy's
body up here is too there is no body up
there okay hold the cops in right now
okay baby there's not a body my goal
need to call the capsule no are you just
messing with us it was joke right
sure I don't like that it's
condescending it is well thanks for
checking
