well I know the vlog is starting off
really odd right now we'll do the
official intro in just a second but
first we had to talk to Doug
now Doug is here at Grandpa's house for
Sunday dinner uninvited hey
I okay I don't know if your dad even
knows this actually you gonna be finding
out today dad thinks you are no at all
you can talk about any subject and Doug
will have the answer for it doesn't
matter what it is like yeah I want to
top my shoes this way no no you go flip
it to the left you see he knows
everything about everything sometimes he
gets under dad's skin that's the entire
reason if you guys remember we didn't do
the corn on the cob on a drill challenge
because Doug was like telling us what to
do and I was like there's like did you
fuck out of my house and he kicked us
out and it was a whole thing
well when well I want you to be as
know-it-all as you can it ever do it do
it I don't care if he's talking about he
made strawberry jam he used the wrong
sugar no matter what you got to do I
want to get under his skin
okay yeah you be you hold on I think I
can like go deep
okay go deep into the tissue yeah I want
anyway him however we can okay not a
problem
let's do this intro hi guys get on the
camera here
Bridgette West here and did we add it we
go to the blog today yeah we are did it
wrong what's going on you guys get on
the camera here Bridgette West here you
did that wrong God give ina Gary here
that was Doug and Grandpa's intro hey
very good I'm happy for you
so today is sad Sunday I'm losing track
of the days of the week today is Sunday
and today we're here at Sunday dinner
with angry grandpa let's see what he
made so grandpa made pot roast check
this out Oh God's little potatoes you
care
mmm this gets fuck that succotash we go
so judges yes
corn peas together corn and lima beans
yeah whatever rice
okay I'll tear this out what is this
Coco homemade coleslaw
yeah right homestyle Coco
so I'm gonna start off with a little bit
of rice some rice a little bit of
suffering succotash ladies how do you
say that succotash succotash yeah never
said that in a layer and some pot roast
look how tender this meter damn dog is
it oh god right you're missing a dog
ain't what go outside what in the world
is dunno they're not even there I'm here
I'm filling me getting food he's
somewhat dog
so it's not dog sure dogs and listen you
told my dog meat he call you food dog me
so here's the plate looks delicious
it took me a minute understand what the
hell he was talking about dog leash we
think the ng pressure cook this pressure
cooker hmm perfect my meat oh you know
you know that then you buy come fresh
Cooper's oh yeah I know collard greens
done by that hmm
yeah I was with dad well we would flee
marketing and he got up a couple of use
pressure cookers but with 50 bucks
apiece
yep on what I wouldn't buy does that
mean I said I wouldn't buy not using
what still goes bad you find out the
wrong way real quick
god
so dad what's the best way to cook down
meat so I tenderize it you gotta cook
like a couple of man long to get killer
meet a little hand
what he thinks most effective way Doug
tenderizer and Hammer marinate that's
where antenna fuck doctors that Kato
hungry put McDonnell another bike then
you do a brazen day you anything violent
damn
I mean you enjoy my Mikhail's object how
would even tears all done I wouldn't
tell me you would know wouldn't Oh
goddamn you plan load up one oh it's
good I'm good by line you did lie fix
your looks real good
yeah look Ruger I'm going out no I can
cook it
what it's perfect he you look sighs
leaning together that's why I tiredness
up that chain long do we Chaney long
enough I think it looks good come got
about four more like what then by using
your goddamn cheese man now which thing
about the biscuits Doug I think you
should use a little bit of buttermilk I
know you goddamn butter the right
Oh why'd you get the fuck out of your
league okay don't be mean maybe all
miles got in a big goddamn mouth another
day okay I told you to be chitta I told
you to chill out Doug's just voicings
opinion well boys of goddamn we're up
buttermilk right Doug buttermilk well
goodbye
but another pot and you baited a feta
crop and making this it well dad thanks
for having us for dinner
no problem man Doug thanks for coming
graduates were good I wish we knew how
to make like the yeast rolls they got it
Ryan's honey
so what you're buying sheets roll series
uh-huh all you need is a nice cup of
sugar but pure I didn't mean to eat Wow
why are you studying hey can I tell you
something what I can see you're ready to
stop looking at birthday it's crazy
okay I told you my everything I try it's
a to fail Bridget before we okay
I told Doug he not yet I told dr.
pretend to go everything good we're
dinner I told mrs. Yawkey it was a fly
because they're gonna be fine it ain't
but it was very funny
no come on I know that you like Doug but
that's something you hate about him you
know there that he died I I just made
you to throw a chair with your bowl and
everything well come on give me hugs get
out it was just a pretty honest day if
he does say anything I don't know what
to say with the morning we're holding
the phone on the prank now you know over
yeast rolls it's a joke just joking
honey that we told Joe you told my dad
Deb
have a seat it's a joke well then thank
you for having us for dinner I
appreciate it
no problem life maybe I come over
tomorrow at the base on tomorrow night
man one device I'll Clinton Trump that's
tomorrow
yeah all the official presidential
debate yeah I ain't miss net can i watch
it with you you wanna I don't care I'll
bring snacks you oh that's awesome dude
yes truck I that's tomorrow night
morning I thought that was in like late
October no we've got three three now and
then oh wow
okay nice would be the ball
burn the barn burner woody Jim Ross
Tommy I'm trumping up never gonna go out
all right well tomorrow night I'll be a
grandpa's house for the debate Prince
knack
you got any bigger particular magic um
can't wait little too much girl looking
at me Oh God
hey Thank You Man appreciate that dude I
got no one who got him thank you a
little too much salt - that's fine I
leave it out - I just be united in here
let me love me man you don't look it
Brice was real sticky I am NOT Danny
shut up
what is wrong with you he's just trying
to help he's giving you a couple of tips
me give you a tip don't bring it at home
here no mo hey what'd you think about
the gravy dude
I'm done
you
