no come on
don't do that you are kidding
okay you are strong enough and you can't
freak out it could be an infection
what's going on you guys get me out of
camera here
right there
and today is Friday today is Friday and
usually we'd be making jokes right now
you guys fun Friday or Friday or fart
anyway
fornication Friday guys we're not gonna
make any of those jokes today because
it's actually not a fun Friday
jennifer has some medical stuff going on
and she said I wanna have her tell of
herself you guys it's not my place to
put it I'm gonna go outside and talk
about it in a second a little bit but
not too in-depth we're gonna talk about
that just a few minutes you guys today
is Friday and today hopefully turns out
better than I'm thinking I just hope
it's it's much better news than bad
because it's raining it's cold it's
miserable out here which is just the
perfect kind of weather for bad news
guys
Jennifer's on her way over right now and
unfortunately there is some bad news I
don't have the full scale of it yet so
I'm not gonna say too much about it I
just want to do a scene before she gets
here Jennifer I hope I hope what you're
saying does bad news is coming you guys
and we need to support Jennifer right
now we need to just show her you care
because she needs it right now
writer on Twitter go to her videos leave
a comment let her know you care she's on
her way right now guys if you did not
see the video we uploaded yesterday
which you probably didn't because of
YouTube suppression if you have a lot of
complainers work I'm talking about it
yesterday boogie2988 just if you haven't
seen it check it out the link is below
right now YouTube is going through a
weird thing where they're not sending
out the notification to everybody so we
have to continue to ask you guys to
click the bell if you want to be
notified when we upload a video
otherwise you probably won't because of
YouTube guys do that check out the link
below I told the story about grandpa's
disgusting gray probably gave me worms
meatloaf Jennifer's on her way okay so
like what's going on dude wrestling room
don't go have fun and please run safer
than that okay have fun
shut the door please no okay come on
you're almost there
so what's up keeps getting worse with
our family man come on I I just need to
know I had a scan done today and it
shows two areas of concern oh well you
know not everybody knows what's going on
so two months ago a month after dad
passed away I found two months oh my oh
my breast I was concerned about it and
then it got bigger so I'm a dagger
pointed it and I got my appointment
scheduled for today and there's two
areas of concern
he showed me a scan a picture of a woman
with breast cancer and then my scan and
it was almost identical so tomorrow I
have some blood work to do check on the
red and white cells
don't be you can't be scared you just
got to face this thing head-on you know
I'm not much I'm not shy when I
personally do things like that
yeah you are look what you just dealt
with you took care of our dad in the
hardest part of his life he counted on
you you cooked for him and took care of
him
you were there every minute you were
there when he passed you're holding his
hand when he went you're strong and you
can you can handle that you can handle
this and you don't know yet you know
don't be scared do you know I know it's
scary you know when dad got diagnosed
with his cancer I told him dad
you know don't be scared you so
screaming at me I don't know if we ever
talked about that I was like dad you
just can't be scared like whoa yeah I
love you dad what is so it's it's it's
yeah yeah I wouldn't freak out just yeah
it could be an infection yeah
does just cancer get like get bigger
like yeah besides soda infections but I
made myself laugh how's that and notice
what I was on a scanner warm food was
better in the other I'm not laughing a
bad joke doctor I said yes that that's
process that's probably the reason why
because I'm old and I say I said I was a
mutant like a missing miss miss miss and
members view or something like that
something you've missed remembered with
your toes remember yeah comments of a
mute well don't feel bad at that Friday
was going Friday she's saying she keeps
in just fried egg boobs you don't it's
enough already
she better not have
we can't it has to be an infection it
has to it has to be an expectant baby we
can't handle this roads it dude I know
we just got over dad first we're gonna
keep our habit because we all have to be
optimistic we can't go through those
positivity is all right no come on don't
do that you are kidding okay you are
strong enough this and you can't freak
out it could be an infection totally in
in our family and everything's always
bad everything always goes wrong hey
well we should die but I'm not strong
enough this time
you are you gotta you you've got your
kids you've got friends you're the best
part you've been in your life
you're strong enough for this and it
might be nothing you might look back on
this and laugh here and you're like oh
okay it's good I'm happy yeah
you can't freak out yet not yet it you
all right you can buy work tomorrow
they'll tell a lot so let's you know
let's get happy let's go out to dinner
as a family or something listen yeah no
Jenny come on dude sure
Hey sorry if I stink you do think I yeah
those aren't tears Oh granted I haven't
bathed this is disgusting yeah you stink
okay he does stink though right like
real bad
how long Vince's I don't know dude like
a month I washed my toes that's gotta
count for something big enough why are
you wearing
nasty shoes cuz all the shoes I got they
say dogs know when you're sad oh yeah
everytime we're sad the dogs come right
up to us you're not dying
how you doing Clyde you helping Jennifer
out and now he left what is he doing now
here to buy that's Bella okay Clyde you
were not a puppy okay is it oh my god
you okay buddy I didn't do it just had
dinner you guys we are leaving we wanted
to have a private like family
conversation so how you feeling good
I was I was freaking out earlier tonight
good
I apologize yeah okay what are y'all
doing what is that what is this do it
again I don't know how all right show it
to me slowly so if I go this way my arms
with this yeah I think you might be a
panther Paul what the heck are you guys
we actually just got home and I wanted
to film this because this gate was open
and I'm not really sure how exactly that
happened because we always keep this
locked and the reason I know that is
because it's really hard to actually
lock this and open it like this is a
huge bolt so I don't know I'm not going
to tell Bridget I guess you'll see it in
this vlog but yeah when scaring myself
I'm going in he's marking at oh sorry
what are you here the only parking yeah
please guys anything I don't see
anything okay what would I mean that
noise the wind I'm just gonna trust
nobody and I'm not seeing anything I do
see the light don't scare me dude I'm
sorry where's security
not here dude they I can't afford a
higher security full-time budget yeah
let's just go broke I love having no
money well you at least need to New
Orleans oh my god about that that's
gonna be it for today you guys thanks
for watching Jennifer I hope for the
best I hope everything's ok
we can't take more of this like I know
it better just be an infection like it
can't take any more bad news guys just
tweet Jennifer tell you to thinking
about her hopefully everything's ok
Jenny I love you I think it's gonna be
fine
sometimes they get a lot of false
positives on these things it make sure
you get a second opinion guys we're
getting out of here
I don't know the dogs were barking that
was kind of scary now that's kind of
creepy part of that noise like knocking
I look it is what it is guys we're
getting out of here that's probably what
it was it was the wind guys we any idea
thanks for watching like subscribe
favorite fun everything for just that
was our alarm okay oh that's Caribbean I
really thanks a lot alarm guys that's it
