are you seeing this project we're
getting dropped off guys we almost got
hit pulling into the parking lot and now
we're looking for a parking space there
weren't this many cars in the Walmart
parking lot it's Christmas Eve
no it's not it's a space how do you know
because it is yeah but there's no blue
around
yeah there's no blue around it are we
breaking the law
we don't know probably not there's no
placard there wouldn't that be the same
yeah so yeah you're telling because
there's an arrow
yeah well Sharon could mean anything
look the blue line indicates the freakin
handicap right yeah you know what
we'll pay the 200 Ella fine this store
is packed you guys people buying food
for the Super Bowl and here we are
buying food to watch this is us so
that's special well we're not really
gonna get care about the other one but
still we're like this dude seriously
Walmart the day after Christmas wasn't
this busy this is insane
go home my god is there hurricane coming
if it's this bad in our store how is it
in others like Philadelphia yeah like
Philadelphia New England like Michael
I meant Boston Oh Michael you know what
I meant
this is so they said yeah this is so
nuts oh my god reason to celebrate
anything I go on surprises Bridal Show
this crazy
wait right here for like an hour I need
to get cream cheese and then I wanna go
home
we're screwed cheese behind me it's my
reaching vicinity I can get out okay
this is I feel like this is a national
holiday this is too many people for a
football game oh yeah I know watch
football
who's playing I don't remember
today yeah go team today tomorrow who's
the quarterback we used to I don't know
he said what up YouTube so YouTube says
we're not back so I don't know I know
Tom Brady who's the one for the Eagles
what said I know Tom Brady but who's for
the Eagles I'm 88 Tom eighty punk radio
plays for the paycheck yeah see this
we're not football fans like we are no
we're celebrating this is eyes okay I'm
ready to fall my freaking eyes out the
dad dies on the episode tonight you guys
I'm not ready for this yeah you didn't
know that oh this is the episode for us
do you this is gonna be us okay guys so
right now Michaels in the buggy up and
I'm going to embarrass him in front of
all these freaking people just as soon
as she backs out yeah I get it
one second guys I'll eventually get to
embarrass him well question is can I do
this I'm probably going to be
embarrassed too
stop
she wasn't blowing the horn of you guys
it was me nice job Bridget I knew
letting her take the camera was a
mistake
also here I'll take my drink in the
buggy you take the camera I knew it was
a mistake I knew the second I turned
around and I see that car just bull he
myth of a vehicle standing yeah I know
there were people behind her like
looking only what's going on I know
let's just get out of here Oh Mike I'm
actually sort of embarrassed oh okay
we're stuck here forever is there cars
behind us yes oh man come on let's go
guys humiliation let's get home let's
get ready for the big game and buy the
big game I mean the episode of this is
my arms tired
yes hurry yeah and we're soon oh you're
filming yeah Michael here's my chance
yeah all right
no diseases no airborne diseases what
about my face is a good Mike don't do
anything okay nothing we're good
no flew for us I'll be honest with you
Bridget
I do not want to make this entire vlog
cooking we're gonna show it guys
we're gonna show you us making our Super
Bowl food what we're gonna do it wrap it
fire cuz well yeah I mean I'll be rapid
fires in the next 30 seconds I mean like
the next four minutes or so but still
we're making some Super Bowl food
starting with chicken wing dip the first
thing you need for chicken wing dip is
strip a chicken carcass of its meat
oh my gosh this is like turning into a
vegan oh my god like Dayton and the
chickens read page for me I'm sorry but
you haven't seen anything yet we're not
showing that a film no it's two cranes
one of us that were popping like chicken
out a joint Oh God no looking forward to
it here we are folks start up with a
little bit of wing dip step one the
chicken the next step is you want to
melt cream cheese in a pot oh yeah and
then you add a bottle of blue cheese I
used to Ken I think it's really good
that was not hashtag add so there we go
folks you've melted the cream cheese now
you're adding blue cheese dressing okay
isn't it stop what if you don't little
Franks red hot oh yeah please don't go
crazy
hey whoa this is all season to taste you
guys and if we see does it season a de
Bridget's taste it'll just be a bright
red soup oh my god that's true oh this
looks right this looks definitely that
looks right that actually is pretty good
okay I really got chicken one bag of
cheese I say one bag but if we need to
we'll add more cheese one looks good
though yeah I think so now usually I
don't eat this because of the boy cheese
flavor but that's good right mm-hmm
so just the right amount of everything
chicken wing dip folks here you go
technically you guys this stuff's
already done you can eat it as it is
we're baking and now you want to bake it
at 350 until it's brown and bubbly and
just delicious my mouths watering yeah
oh my gosh I'm so excited dude this is
gonna be the best Super Bowl ever so
much food I love it oh my god I know I'm
going for ten Brody
Tim Brody ten Brody you know he's the
best quarterback on the Eagles first of
all he's with the Patriots Oh
second of all it's Brady
Tim Brady oh okay Jim timbre dude
my tweet has like so many retweets right
now was that a joke tweet no you you
really thought it was Tim Brody my
buddy's name is Tim Brody
go retweet this right now would you see
it even though Richard tweeted that she
wants to go for Tim Brody oh my gosh no
next time
Tim Brady okay dish number two we're
gonna slow-cook a medley of the Smokies
and meatballs and a mustard based
barbecue sauce so step one the Smokies
don't might consume this quick no
Smokies step two meatballs come on
Michael dome in their meatballs
step three mustard base barbecue the end
slow cook till done right now we are
making some oven baked wings now we get
this recipe from chef John over at Food
wishes he gives a really cool recipe
about how to bake them and be crispy now
let me be honest for just a second you
guys
Bridget's cutting them right now that's
all you get that's it
cutting wings are disgusting it's
utterly little pulse up nerves bones
popping and there's like socket joints
and noise and skin ripping and just by
the bag and thaw it out okay we keep
forgetting just do that don't cut up
your own wings unless you want to I'm
gonna bake the wings folks let's do this
real quick this is a microwave that's a
bad snap by the way what's Michael wing
yeah that'd be a tiny little small thin
wing yeah now to give it that crispy
texture straight out of the oven we're
gonna add salt pepper paprika and baking
powder now we're just gonna pour that
right over there till it looks like a
crematorium yeah oh Jesus Oh and away
from my dead move the dead okay now
we're just gonna give these a good mix
you guys you want the chicken coated
with this evenly and then we'll be back
with the next
now that that's done we're just gonna
layer it out you guys and we are gonna
bake it at 425 for 20 minutes but that's
not all but first I gotta finish doing
this this part was not in Chef John's
recipe but I'm doing it anyways I
learned this when I was air frying a
little bit of Pam spray it onto the
chicken helps that grease like look at
it look I don't care it's up and base
okay
you go get in there chicken now it's
time to take them out and when they're
out you flip them now don't do it by
hand I'm burning the crap out of my
fingers but I couldn't find what I
needed I couldn't find the tongs fingers
are burning all right there you go
I'm gonna spray them again just like
hair spray in the 80s and put it back in
the oven for another 20 minutes
New England's won the coin toss
everybody we're gonna see if they'll be
receiving first we're doing this one
more time you guys they just came out of
the oven or flipping them and sticking
them back into the oven for another 20
minutes they will be totally crispy by
then if I can get this on my hand come
on let's do this oh I got sprayed again
damn it like hair spray folks know it's
come on this again what up Joe
sorry Bell you can't have these chicken
wings boom
timer another 16 minutes I'm doing and
now it's time for the Super Bowl
you excited frigid oh yeah bridges
eating now I'm just separating them all
you guys boom first I'm giving these are
shaken hot wing sauce and these are
shaking Geechee wing sauce from Nigel's
good food we've bought a bottle of it
Michael no come on babe it's okay no
they were good they were delicious what
happened I don't know okay really it's
all right Michael no no no no you will
regret this
you remember this plate I know that's
why I didn't do it dad gave it to us
no we stole those plates from them guys
we've had a thing about taking his
dishes or not returning these dishes
it's okay it's just chicken real hard I
know and I super bowls ruined no this is
not just ruined
let's just order some wings you can't
use this in the vlog I'm using it in the
vlog and it's okay everyone fails in
life sometimes like miserably I feel big
chicken wings I'm nuts about what I do
wrong
Oh every step honestly they were very
salt to you okay oh those are donuts
there's still fine they were just I mean
you might've added way too much baking
powder is that we even happened
I don't know okay boss maybe too much
flour they were rubbery they were common
crispy Chef John I know maybe you missed
an element what is it's baking soda
it was baking powder I'm sure of it what
if it isn't babe it's okay it's all
right it's not yeah it is just now
is it that wise oh I think it's eating
hall bathroom sorry I'm hurting here I'm
sorry this whole night is a fail though
I can't do nothing right I messed up the
wings I just burned my mouth at least
the meatballs and stuff turned out okay
oh no they were away you must dirty it
was kind of gross Super Bowls over I'm
good Michael I mean what they're good
they're really good chili no seriously
orders the wing
thank you what well that's gonna be a
pretty day you guys thanks for watching
end of the vlog sort of ends very
abruptly but like look after I freaked
out over ruining dinner
basically we watch the Super Bowl we
watched this is us and then Bridget was
just in hysterics now if you haven't
seen the video which you probably have
at number one because I uploaded it like
1 o'clock in the morning which means
effectively views are gonna plummet but
if you haven't seen it I uploaded
bridges reaction to this is us now as of
right now you guys the video is totally
unlisted so the only way to see it is
clicking the link below check it out
Bridget's reaction to that this is us
finale and if you've never seen the show
this is us I don't want to ruin too much
about the show I just I'll just say that
Bridget cried her eyes out for about an
hour and a half an hour and a half cry
to rise up because it was the saddest
episode in television history guys have
you haven't seen it check out the link
below kind of embarrass herself the
video is unlisted it's the only way
you're gonna see it as of right now so
guys that's gonna be it for today
congratulations to the Philadelphia
Eagles as of right now I'm seeing that
they're like destroying their city like
guys stop you by the way that's nacho
cheese from the real look I'm gonna
explain nothing congratulations go out
to Philadelphia for winning the
Superbowl and a big what the hell you
doing goes out to the people of
Philadelphia for destroying the city
like guys I'm watching videos on Twitter
you're destroying the city because you
won the Superbowl like it's a sporting
event okay you're supposed to be telling
everybody how much you love your city
not throwing a flaming trash can through
a wall a gas station window like calm
down from
Bax just a sporting event you won
congratulations don't start getting all
shitty now guys thanks for watching I
embarrass myself when I ruin the wings
Bridget kind of embarrassed herself with
her reaction that this is us again link
below coming at the end of the video
thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe favorite in Philadelphia relax
calm down you won the Superbowl but like
you still need your city tomorrow
