what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here for Jersey yeah right there
and today is Friday and today it's not
Friday it's Saturday
it was fun Friday yesterday remember
my dentist appointment is on Saturday oh
that today yes that boy gets a crown a
permanent crackpot Bridget why do I need
it yes it every time I go I go around
every time I go I puke or almost please
yes you need it can we get back into the
spot today is Saturday and today Michael
gets a crown and we have to go to Lowe's
God what what is this day Lowe's - this
is the worst day already
being that I was going to a dentist in
the crown me though he would have
dummies I need to get my fill in before
I go babe I realize how funny you sound
I want to eat what why I'm talking funny
no first of all you haven't touched
those gummies in like a week along no
second of all I figure your crown I
think you can eat these in 24 hours
well I won't so right now I've got to go
to the dentist to get the permanent
crown put in ya know there was a little
mishap with the temporary crown no
bridges you're gonna find something out
here that I didn't tell you yet my goal
was to keep the temporary I was gonna
fill it with fake blood and make bridge
I think I lost my to faster well the
problem is I can't do that you guys
because I swallowed the damn thing oh my
god the other night me and Bridget were
eating chow
nice food and I had a fucking wonton and
I'm like what is that
mm-hmm I swallowed my freakin temporary
man oh my god and that was like pork one
time does that make it any different if
it was a chicken one time you would have
been falling
no bills a cheese long time that
probably wasn't effective no it wasn't
the pork at all it was the freakin hard
wonton shell oh oh yeah I thought it was
fine
doo-doo-doo-doo huh oh I swallowed my
temporary and I can't prank Brigitte
with it now so I'm letting you know what
I was going to do to you oh well I'm not
letting you know what I'm gonna do to
you that's not fair very kid-like with
you how does that feel because I can
close all the way or you got your head
first
stay close from i'ma sit you up take an
x-ray make sure it's sealed all the way
around there it is not cemented those
boots okay throw it all in the car with
such a beggar hey hey I got pure butter
swallows oh my gosh shouts so yeah the
other one it is somewhere in me oh my
gosh
those together screws tight
you
so the problem Doug is we miss the way
we were filming the kitchen it would
fuck up the camera really bad so we just
want to have the whole I want the whole
route covering fluorescent light think
you can do that you want cool white you
want backlight you want red I want a red
light a black light a blue light I want
all white lights and one but obviously
camera can't be filmed in the kitchen at
all like I want this kitchen to be so
unfilmable that yeah okay is that
possible yeah why no we're not doing
that I love it what are we going to wait
hold this hold this point you get me
point no I'm not I'm not drink I'm not
taking it off you know you crazy guys
bag to be film so there you go so we're
going to Lowe's well I'm back from the
dentist
check it out Doug got crown check it out
you got a little white one up front
rather than all them yellow ones hey
dude
Bridget they color tone yeah now now
dude they color match any blood surface
moment I think it looks good I can't
even tell they color matched it to match
the other teeth Doug yeah they're all no
idea yeah Doug fees we want our kitchen
lined up with some I'm thinking the
walls to Bridget yeah
I think that would be great I want the
walls the counters the roof everything
you guys let's be honest if it's
possible to film in our kitchen then
we're doing it wrong yeah I agree I want
the camera to go completely Brown when I
go into my kitchen I want it to look
like we are let up
well we won't look lit up because the
cameras gonna be so damaged looking Oh
zoom that we microwaved it that's what I
want yeah I'm going for microwave camera
look I like that look well me and
bridges just got a pool table for the
live now I'm just we're still here wild
Bridgette look at dad's new light
fixture just kidding we're still here
I don't know we're doing this for a
thumbnail but here we are these are the
funnier sublime what is funny about this
nothing no no filming go ahead let's go
no believe it part is what whatever we
do something crazy around a camera and
then people are staring
yeah okay I love it I don't like I'm on
drugs
well you draw attention if you like you
someone know yeah okay let's go home
well we're back home playing a little
bit of music and today we're gonna make
it some fried chicken
oatmeal style so first Oh male style
what's all the same I don't know I got a
call plumber
no chicken is we're still okay so the
first I'm gonna need a washer oh wait
we're still in the store okay I got to
put my clothes and what what the hell's
all that in the washing machine
I don't I let's just use this one or
this one let's missing all of them where
oh we're still super guy oh my gosh
you can cover the lens or what while
we're having a good time over here
filming Doug is perfect with that
big-ass buggy light let's go jump scared
give me wallet looking for us was this
is heavy done not really I think when
people's way let's go
if I get run over oh go we gotta get
that fixed
yeah we didn't shower hey the scanners
so this seriously like I actually be a
toilet over there but you know what dude
this big goal hey dude I actually really
love it face itches go move it put it on
my head do something crazy so everyone
looks alright look at my head that is
funny
you just embrace it I'm kidding cuz I
know you're insecure don't want people
to watch me say oh my gosh it's alright
right oh thank god cuz I don't want to
buy whatever the hell that thing is
I think it's cool what are you looking
at Doge you can put 8 or 10 of these in
the front yard
why gonna be a nice touch oh wow that is
cool
I need a thumbnail idea I think he's mad
well could you oh there's a Ledge behind
I broke that thing don't you father just
went like that
isn't that hilarious it would have been
called own biston that's creepy here you
want it just a house fuck waving the
thing you won't fuck with a mental
patient everything is too loud here okay
so wait start over what start over I
didn't hear what you said
so you're actually inviting us okay all
right just that make you miss us yeah
you miss us you miss my face you just
what are you making I'll be there we'll
be there see that's how you know dad
misses me you made my favorite Dara
uh-huh why yes I will come over will you
will you come to the house and pick us
up why are you so like I thought you'll
be over this by now okay but I'll see
you tomorrow
make sure it's delicious pot roast
well what potatoes out what about potato
salad oh you know Bridget asked me to
ask I thought it'd be nice
Bridget you do something - I'm not
eating it then
we'll be there thank you for inviting us
I appreciate it thank you for inviting
us thank you for the invite
love you play you love me love you know
damn well I guess we're going to
grandpa's house tomorrow for dinner
damn for for sure he messes eyes he
invited you plus Bridget and a green
tomato potato salad ain't agreed to make
potato salad and he's making you a roast
yeah he mrs. rose hey Doug oh he's got a
fight in the dad's house really can you
believe that he invited bridge - we got
wasn't Vitus we should say you want to
go oh I wasn't invited oh yeah invite
somebody bridges that's sad really bring
something that wasn't invited to tear
shit up Kyle you're done mad I really
likes my dad do you want to come Doug no
Colin bite you though we're having pot
roast
wait so I can't invite him but you can
why do you go so trouble with everything
you want to come hey hey sure positive
he's make a roast so if you're wondering
what doug has been doing here for the
past few days he's been helping us hang
shit in the house first boom the silver
play buttons Doug was here yesterday to
help us hang these and they're right
here adjacent to bridges little
Halloween bullshit but I really do like
it I think it looks really good right
there we got three there and the golden
play buttons
right there so these things are my pride
and joy they pranked me into thinking
that they dropped and broke but other
than that it was a good day yesterday
thank you Doug for all your I don't want
you to feel like we don't appreciate it
dude he killed it looks amazing he also
helped me out in that room over there
but I'm not gonna show you that room
just yet
so me and Bridgette noticed there's this
little cubby section right here in the
house and we really do not know what to
do with it now one of the ideas that
Bridget had is to put a cat bed in here
and some toys and make him that into
Felix's room wherever he is there you
are buddy how would you like to have
your own room okay that like you trying
to spray me like he just shoots his tail
up fuck off okay I'll leave you alone so
give us some ideas what would you do
with this little cubby space cuz right
now I really don't know what the hell we
can do with it
so before I get out of here today I
wanted to take a moment to talk to you
guys about October because last year
October was a little lackluster when it
comes to pranks and I know that the
reason why is because after I did The
Walking Dead prank the year before I
really didn't think I could top it not
to mention that I not to mention I went
so far out there for The Walking Dead
prank that I had to be careful of not
spooking them with any really
well-thought-out pranks so I kind of
took a break from the well-thought-out
pranks and I started to get back into
him recently one of them was the
Bridgette and I broke up prank that was
a thought-out prank and I have a few
thought out pranks for October so you
guys rest assured I got a couple of good
ones I had last year was you know
lackluster but there was still some good
videos but it was lackluster because I
wanted some space between the two years
so he wouldn't like expect anything so
click like if you're excited for prank
month I promise you as long as they work
I got some good ideas in my head to
really prank grandpa with well that's
gonna be it for today guys thanks for
watching that's the sound of the dogs
drinking water
anyway that's gonna be it I had fun with
you today it was a pretty fun day my now
let's hope tomorrow's gonna be fun
because we're going to grandpa's
hopefully he doesn't like freak out it's
been peaceful for the past few days how
I was going to say how can you freak out
Never Say Never
it's Sunday dinner so anyway I'm gonna
get out of here thanks Shane you missed
a sighs so how bad can it be
I'm gonna get out of here thanks for
watching you guys like subscribe
favorite everything for to us and that's
it I love you guys and that's it follow
me don't even love you click like for
October oh my god it's definitely the
way
