what's going on you guys get behind a
camera here
no no what's going on you guys kid be on
a Shannon here Jim here right there
today
oh no so Shannon today is Wednesday and
today if you didn't see the bhoot video
we uploaded yesterday we addressed all
the drama that we were in if you want to
see our response to that go check out
yesterday's video I'm not going to deal
with any of that today I don't want to
tell Dad about it yet which I have to be
with that
oh-whee I won't tell me yet I'm not
gonna tell them anything right now but
anyway today is Wednesday and today
grandpa and I are going somewhere to get
him a new light fixture a new light
fixture holy crap was that the best that
was like does it make a little boss that
was mindful okay I knew oh oh okay that
would stop I also I didn't like the
sound it made
calm down buddy would you do the fell if
it failed I would find a way to blame
you for it blame me yeah you had
something to do with it yeah you had
something to do with it new virgin I've
got you a rose uh-huh put it your mouth
Oh what what did I do
anyway let's get this day started I'm
done with the intro today's Wednesday
and today I don't think I'm done
decorating yet let's take a look at this
house and see what purchase Dinah
shannon's done okay so here is our
initial look into the kitchen now the
first thing that I see day of the day
cute followed by a snow globe followed
by these three pumpkins followed by oh
how does she know this yeah you've seen
all that okay this is all old bullshit
what's the new bullshit oh I know
over here probably this yeah the which
is an and let's take a guess
yep it flips to the witch's out what boy
crap I didn't know it did that it's not
it wasn't just common sense that you
would flip the end to out man Bridget
that's just embarrassing wait so my
little snow globe on the table yeah oh
man this is so Shannon next to her black
roses she's got a baby little smooth I
can t want to do this no more
oh no the phone is right here now yeah I
see it too Clyde won't pick it up they
want you to go to the grave Clyde
they're a hung up copy oh my god so
stalker oh my god okay what is this what
is this you've been doing project yeah
you did this I did not do that oh it was
painful she's screaming now then now oh
you gotta be shitting me
my little fucking Halloween sleigh bells
cute Clyde are you embarrassed for her
he wants to go to the room doesn't want
to be hearing via buddy good well I am
with Grandpa right now we're on our way
to what does it called habitat for team
at Habitat for Humanity I told him let's
go to freakin Lowe's but he doesn't want
to do that again man like here we just
ride not dog
why you don't want to talk no not really
let's just do this okay let's just do it
over with okay
you're gonna call me - got to break my
hand all right you serious
you caused it we're already here yeah
just around the corner around the corner
yes I'm turning off the video already
what Michael you want to talk can then
talk about
all I did was
give you a friggin walker
quit stop it right now they're going to
bring that up you know with the walkers
that now I don't know right now are you
serious
okay whatever can we go do this yeah
that's pretty nice would that hang up
there good yeah yeah oh nice
how heavy is it
thank you given up on it but you coming
in here MIT would you turn it we
supposed to be looking for damn light
okay so let's look for the light and
turn that thing off okay
you wrestle yeah all kinds of walkers I
will bring him a wheelchair
yo what Chickasaw it's a joke that get
it out of here okay bye didn't work I'm
crazy it was a joke
I got your joke so you girls have a look
at it it's pretty nice yeah don't ruin
this one well you know usually now I've
apologized several times about that I
hope you please stop filming you know
this is what we do
does this up alright I'll turn it off I
feel like you only talk to me with a
camera zone
turn it off you let me talk to you if I
turn it off here I can speak No
what's wrong with you what what's wrong
with you we just talked about well tell
you to okay you guys gotta hear this
shit uh two minutes ago bridge was in
here with me and she leaves the room and
she just popped back into the room of
the cameras if it was spontaneously
happening you did not just walk into the
room they were literally I'm guessing
about to have the same conversation yes
everyone wanted to hear him they saw it
how I was recording oh so okay I'm upset
we just got back from the habitat event
for Humanity with Grandpa and he was
being an asshole and not letting me film
did you tell him no oh so he was just
being an asshole yeah that sucks
I don't know so he's just being in a bad
so I'm sorry is that what you wanted
yeah are you all ready fellas this year
new like looking into the distance what
does that mean well you remember at the
old place he was stand outside and have
your arms uh up and you would just stare
out right into the Sun side yeah I guess
I don't know oh yeah I just gravitated
over here I'm bored we're still filming
cuz I'm bored I did the whole thing
white this is stupid
what is all over your arm what on your
arm right now the hell is that I don't
know there's a shit what that shit stop
that shit I'm getting away from your
shirt get away from me shit armor oh you
stay the hell away from me I did want to
ask you about this what how did this
happen
some wow look at did you like group it
off the water or something no I didn't
do it what the hell happened burgeon and
then what is this look at is that
something dripping yeah this is ghost
Michael I wish you're the one always
tells me to believe in ghosts I think
ghosts are real
oh good ok what the hell I'm not doing
anything you're not about to cry look
dude what is going on
it's got to be ghosts
shut up it has to be no way how did you
do it no I didn't do it you think I did
it
yeah you think I do anyhow looks like a
Michael job you think I did anyhow the
Oh Oh like I started just laughing yeah
I could see that but I did know you like
read something out of the wall for to
look like crap that seems like Michael
go I'm messing with you
Hailee's yeah see you down there Oh
clods going into the wrestling room
going out hide they're not dolls they
are action figures dolls ladies would
you tell her they're action figures see
he said they're action figures to it
fella where is Bella
Claud where's Bella
so lately some of you may have noticed
that some of your favorite youtubers
videos haven't been going to your
subscription boxes not me I'm nobody's
favorite youtuber but just in case
somebody does want to be notified when I
upload youtubers implemented a new
system and I must show you guys how to
make sure you can stay up with kid
behind a camera assuming you want to if
you don't want to that's okay don't do
what I'm about to say so you go to a
youtuber that you like if you go to one
of their videos if you look right here
you will notice a little bell and this
should it's doing nothing oh there we go
notifications from the your grandpa show
highlights all so I guess highlights his
videos and I think all is it like if
there's this new feature where I post
like stuff I don't know I'm gonna hit
save there we go now I am all notified
when I upload a video for some of you
that do do it send me proof that you did
it in a picture or something on Twitter
and I'm gonna start following some of
you guys back later so yeah if you guys
want to stay up click that
get blood rushing to my head pulling
down that long Jesus Michael stop but
down there for 20 minutes
what's going on with this I need help
slowly here hold on let's explain to
them what's going on we're trying to
make a frozen pizza and we've not used
this oven before and we are trying to
figure out how to frickin do it I've
done fake beer okay what the fuck
okay it says multi rag so I imagine bake
for 20 minutes no not two hundred ninety
minutes bake 25 minutes is over
hey Michaels pizza but now it's trash
what if I want to press Start yet okay
Michael do I really have to explain this
teacher you don't either
I try just as long as I have don't I
just did you got a camera on now that
you know maybe that's why I grabbed the
camera because I freaking get okay come
on show us genius what does Einstein
figured out okay babe Go Go is it 420
okay 425 minutes you're cooking it for
me
what the fuck is 425 degrees yes not
human either this footage I tell people
only feel like keepin it didn't feel
like we've done it because that's the
stupidest thing thank you it's a good
look you dad trying to wash this tattoo
off keep it on the board
please go on now Paul Bridget ladies
it's so simple when you see it like oh
my god I forgot it's complicated
it's not it I mean it's okay okay
starting now this is crazy stop because
when I keep another night ready oh we
gonna start the scene ready okay wow
this time for a little bit of dinner you
just like we're not keeping in here okay
you guys it's time for us to have a
little bit he stopped okay well we're
back from upstairs and it's time for us
to have a little bit of pizza fucker
keep it just keep it Oh God this stores
when we're done Michael like oh my god
what's going on she'll be worried cuz
that's extra stupid no it's okay it's
like your dad would probably do the same
thing you put in a 425 yeah 400 genius I
guess I'm not the only idiot here by the
footage
ah
