what's going on you guys can be on a
messed up nose here rejoice here behind
a haunted house okay not this what I
told you we're not talking about that
it's a haunted house now we're not
talking about that because it's not
haunted intro what's going on you guys
keep you out of messed up nose here for
Joe is here okay what what why do you
think we're haunted I just think we're
haunted Bridgette seems to think that
our house is haunt me all right hot
chocolate I'll talk mother right now
give me a few minutes
I let me muster up the thought process
it takes to go with whatever it is
you're saying okay room Bridgette that
says love not evil whoo Oh what happened
there Oh God we are wanted that was my
little point oh yeah today is Monday
and today we're gonna show you guys why
we're haunted we're not haunted
okay let's talk about it well I thought
it would take a minute talk about the
fact that Bridgette thinks we're haunt
we're pretty hard and I'm doing it right
here uh because a college take an
ominous corner
I'll be honest we do it for the spook
for the freaking wood I can't think the
words I want to say for the hives nice
tongue okay do you feel that I don't
feel it okay it's time to go the hot
seriously okay I'm doing it for the
spooky vibes so it's getting brighter I
know right
he's getting brighter as I stand here I
got to turn it off now it's really
spooky anyway all that aside Bridgette
thinks were haunted Michael we are
haunted we're not Bridgette the
summation there is such thing as God
though there's not more serious okay
I've heard many answers on the Ghost Box
okay to get down to the bottom of why
she things were haunted uh
the other day if you didn't see the
video where me and Grandpa went yard
saling there is a scene where he takes
me out to breakfast at Ryan's family
Steakhouse and
this happens did you guys date of
machetes ham
I got taco bacon and some sort of orange
thing is that stupid to me
now I don't hear it okay I probably hear
to look yeah you hear and I hear sounds
like a saying get the fuck out here
let's do it again
taco bacon and some sort of orange thing
okay
is it weird yes yes it's very weird that
we would capture that voice
Ryan's but you know what's also weird
hmm
why you would think that would mean is
haunting us okay obviously the spirit is
talking to you it followed you maybe the
person died at the restaurant or maybe
it followed you in our haunted Oh God
Bridget Michael she is shit last night
she didn't sleep when she first saw this
night I had every light on it's like I
can't sleep with the lights on you have
to stop thinking more haunted just go to
the cover
we're not haunted Bridget no no no show
me to make matters worse about five
o'clock in the morning the dog started
going crazy and the TV and our bedroom
turned on now that is not haunted maybe
I was sleeping on the remote no gosh now
Bridget why are you freaking out dude
because that never happens
did I maybe you turn it off because I
didn't even hear I would I turn it on
Bridget sir no thank you
it's fine we're not haunted you're
freaky no I did that after it was on the
dogs are barking I just wake up -
Bridget my god when I hear the dogs okay
okay when dogs and animals act strange
there's it go there's only one thing
that I can say it might have been
strange isn't we first moved here I saw
the cloaked figure of an old woman
peering over Joe
I'm flying to you right now we're not
haunted
okay what kind of foolproof proof do you
have that we're haunted my goal is
nothing forge it well the rain comes
here as well something whoa rude guys
rude
prank who's that right so anyway to the
grave I don't want to go to the grave
they better not call back in the wall
fire who answer it let me answer it okay
oh yeah what do they want from us
I mean listen you already said that
you're prepared okay Bridget we got it
oh my god oh you done with this - yeah
yeah okay okay okay cut it off for the
scissors
you know it's all been virgin oh yeah
skin / yes
now do you agree we're not haunted no we
are but it's not coz of the phone
obviously that voice thing was not a
ghost
Michael that was definitely a ghost what
are some Chinese for dinner I'm not
gonna get any training okay I want to
get the teriyaki chicken okay can we get
teriyaki chicken hey I don't need to
literally I don't need any delivery sir
hello she already walks on gave you my
name with your okay you guys I gotta
take a moment here Bridget think we're
haunting to suck it what am i filming am
i telling me so I gotta take him in here
Bridgette bingo hauntings aside she's
gone full Shayla and you guys I gotta
ask you in what world do you think all
this bull crap looks good it does those
pumpkins are cute okay we got pumpkins
pumpkin spice you know I don't talk
dolls they're action figures you put
those dolls somewhere else they are not
dolls but they make the room upstairs a
bigger lot of dolls or actually they are
dolls oh my god
God do my thing pumpkin spice doughnuts
pumpkin freaky napkin like a pumpkin
plates pumpkin bat thing oh my god these
this this this these and we got more
over here we got some sort of skeleton
bride and groom and some sort of haunted
house and
a goofy-looking spider that spider I was
not spooky are you serious yeah I'm
sorry I would even be afraid if I saw
the spider if this thing was lowering
you would hello almost been WEP now I
wouldn't be afraid of that thing I'm
wouldn't okay dude this is out of
control I thought we were done no no I
thought we were done I just come here to
use the bathroom
what the hell
boom is that it oh god Michael this is
gonna be nasty dude I think you're gonna
like it you should put on a pumpkin
plate Shh so Bridget has this pumpkin
obsession his pumpkin spice obsession
and she seems to think I will like it I
think you will if I hate it what do I
get if you hate it you can choose dinner
for three nights in a row but you have
to be honest okay and if you like it I
could choose dinner for the next year
hi fair love it okay if I hate it I'm
gonna decorate the house for Halloween
okay I'm choose dinner for the next week
okay damn and if you like it what I get
to decorate and you get to love it any
other charred pumpkin spice other things
I hate pumpkin spice which I'll tell you
now I've had pumpkin before
oh no one oh I bet it's good now look
I'm disgusting always fit what you like
it I won't give me an answer yet I like
I've been taking a big enough bite oh
yeah I actually did it so what if I went
for dinner oh you wanna test people like
it first
oh nothing
you're such a bad actor I like hey yeah
I don't believe you you have a bullshit
look on your face Sonne you're lying
this is what Michael looks like when
he's lying it's delicious
what the hell it's so delicious I hope
you put regular pink notice on though
no it didn't just good I have pumpkin
spice cereal I'm not getting the
President on the phone
we got a shopper here I like pumpkin
spice mr. president it's me Michael no
you're old so I just got off the phone
with grandpa tomorrow
he and I are gonna take a trip we're
gonna give him a new chandelier or light
fixture to go into his dining room if
you didn't see the video we uploaded
yesterday I told him he was old and he
freaked out he's been saying he's been
saying he's old for months now Oh - OH -
dude a bike so I got him a freaking
walking - got him out Walker and he
destroyed his dining room you haven't
seen it the link is below anyway
tomorrow we're getting a new light
fixture and he told me to leave the
camera at home are you know now
oh wow
the lights flickered what - lights
flickered what are you talking about
dead lights flicker I just want to take
a freaking nap I think it's a ghost
oh god this go shit they flickered what
light the ones in the kitchen maybe it's
a wiring thing I don't think it's a
wiring thing it's a ghost
it never happened and you only went to
Ryan's and got on today
I can't a gun everything is fine up
until then you know maybe it wasn't
Ryan's Bridget maybe it was the house
maybe you didn't start getting haunted
until we moved in here
no no he's scared maybe the house is
haunted
maybe stop Ryan's Oh what is that no
what is that
calm down with this stuff you want to
find that for honor
okay you guys click like if you wants to
do a go yeah click light out yes if you
wants to do a ghost hunt in this house
click like and we will search around
this house for Gus well let you know for
haunted or not okay no you calm I'm
taking a nap what the hell is that
stop it Michael what the hell is that
Bridget dog howl just put the can of dab
you why are you filming everything make
you feel better I'll be next to you yes
I'm scared you should avoid that thing
okay funny hear what I mean well that's
gonna be a per day guys thanks for
watching remember click like if you
wants to do a ghost hunt in the new
house and we'll do it oh my I'm scared
they're probably gonna not click like
I'm really scared though click like and
we'll do it the ghost hunt no I cried
last time we did one dude she didn't
sleep for days click like and we'll do
the ghost time that's gonna be
guys like subscribe favorite fun
everything you're dead
yeah give it up you want to go try it
out
