what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here for Joe is he yeah right
there and today pushing the whole ting
today is Saturday and today you're up
early
it's too early for this I'm gonna go
hang out with Grandpa to go yard sale
and I'm going to clean hey I like it I
like the way it sounds I like the way
you talk we're doing that last night I
talked to Grandpa he wanted to know if I
wanted to go yard sailing with him I
tried to tell him to come pick me up he
won't do it
bridges gonna take me to his house all
right why doesn't want to come to the
house Bridgette oh my gosh crazy okay
grandpa's pissed if you hadn't still
haven't seen the video we pranked him
and think of me and Bridget broke up and
we didn't time we moved and he flipped
out and streamed in any way check it out
let's go to Grandpa's house
dad told me to show up at his house this
morning bright and early and we would go
yard selling so here I am and it looks
like yo has already been well I go to
6:30 no more what the hell dude you were
in this early yeah so apparently you got
some big tip I'm some big neighborhood
yard sale we're gonna check that out
yeah
now I'm eating food yeah I judge as I go
there's one place but I'll take it by
prep you didn't tell me that I'm telling
you now assholes man they put pork where
I didn't but dad just had a yelling
match with a dude in another car flip
him off screw him
the guy long would you tell award angles
fuck you PL Oliver well piss me off man
people don't out of poverty think me
they won't block a whole road so we were
being followed around these kids on the
bicycle and dad stops to take a picture
yeah yeah gotta stop take a picture you
guys mind if I film this yeah man you
okay I'll kill anything fidget nobody
gotta take them in someone gonna need a
camera for this hey anybody got a hammer
ha ha ha you want your picture grandpa
you got on out a no picture win I'll
tell you all right come on all the fact
you don't know Todd but um I'm gonna get
the middle yeah although you're talking
to me
hey you going you guys go man yeah we'll
keep watch Mandor alright keep watching
all right thanks
nice to meet you guys put that thing up
a little bit what let that up a little
bit you go bumper sticker piece okay and
we signed him wait oh fuck
later guys thank you always got time for
the young and boom goes without a
youngins we'd be nothing so anytime I
get a chance to sit and talk with a
young and I do it where the hell am I at
Jesus Christ man Mario you got me lost
you go on the other directly use canvas
when you go back that way Jesus Christ
this way you chose some freakin mystery
neighborhood whatever would you see like
fire for some big yards hell you decided
oh man
you spilled my coffee I spill you
spilled it oh by the way Michael you
know I did with plastic forks at my
house anymore
why is that well Jesus you want a bucket
a soul well sucks you smart to leave
them right here a bucket of silverware
hey $3 the whole bucket what's Lucy man
what you know about video game I don't
know a damn thing about video games
spongebob whoa and I got a pickup I got
do a spongebob
pac-man possession decent game so do any
of the boys have a 360 no I don't know
yeah dub but they gotta take in frontal
or not they get it taken away regular a
Mike Gousha doll so you play with doll
no I do not play with dolls I play with
action figures he's an action figure
still a doll then hi Michael okay dad
those books I can't read Oh more action
figures oh you goo you roll in the car
match figures now huh yeah Batman
the hell of that good question well
grandpa took number breakfast did you go
there
okay let me change this ham I got taco
bacon and some sort of orange thing is
that stupid to me I know what you got I
gotta feel like mom to plate Tina oh I
got taco some bacon and like a breakfast
dessert look good dope where you have it
I mean you can your mouth just turn
around take me home
I'm doing this shit man you told to take
me home
yeah georgette you home you can't say
you're too old to get out of anything
you want you've been doing it too much I
need to go home so I'm going home and
you can get big to come get you just
please run around take me home dad no we
had a good day together
yes fun is just me and you to want it
and we had good time hmm guy you losing
your voice I know what huh you know why
you losing it no he's y'all too damn
much I don't yell at all yelling too
much you straining your voice you two
stop it
I told him to all no there's nothing to
do with that huh hey jazz something dude
everything
ah ah I think you're faking it it's so
dark
or I can't see Felix there is hey Felix
hey Fifi you want to come from alpha
monitor no Felix is hiding under the
table he wants nothing to do with us
today nothing new
meanwhile Shannon has gone full
decoration mode dark oho this is
definitely some spooktacular Shannon and
I got cinnamon wax mouth um
empty candy bowl Oh Belle was making a
face and she stopped hey Bella how do
you hate me ah so we're trying to leave
right now and Doug I'm sorry yeah oh
yeah sorry
thanks I would clean would cost more
Doug do you want to get into the car
without freaking stepping in all this
garbage is that good enough for your
feet sir yeah oh yeah King Doug West can
sit comfortably now
why does that remind me when I went to
the dentist
oh my gosh it does sound like it anyway
we're here at Home Depot with Dell yeah
that sounds just like when he was fixing
that really does kind of sound like it
was my next appointment uh later this
month anyway for the homes
the real
like would you something like this forth
oh oh look at his head turning I know
what he's somewhat using it for and I
let me stop you right now this skill
sauce right over here Doug it'll get the
job done a lot quicker I got a lot of
meat hey that's his hint this would do
nothing
oh oh that would just be fertile this
would these are gonna be so bad
oh this fan yeah this would miss miss
her
that would probably hurt yeah why are we
why are we talking about this is this
like a discussion no it's not look at
the skill songs Doug oh my gosh what's
that thing chief removal
Oh together huh it's a package deal
oh yes Bridget look at that Doug
world's biggest wrench okay Clark you
just saw just missing no it is huge
it's the biggest French ever look at
that nothing he's just so dismissive on
what's our he doesn't care why would
they go any bigger who's using Jesus I'd
better so this time there's no show me
the comment section a bigger range than
this value my little work I'll show you
I don't want to go work it off but in
fact nothing is huge
it's $50 the biggest Sharpie in the wall
no they what not ain't right okay this
is the second that is a huge sharpie
that time he's done it but please
provide insight instead of just saying
no one a what they literally like
there's bigger sharpies that thing is
huge
who needs a sharpie that big bigger
person this is the biggest sharpie I've
ever seen okay okay
nice think that's trolling you you
fucking with me this is the best shop in
the world
nothing I'm done on this day
that's the biggest sharpie no evidently
it was not the right person sharpie
because yeah it was too damn big is the
biggest in the world yeah it's way out
of this one
yeah were you amazed that the rule bat
pencils that you haven't first grade -
yeah this is the biggest pencil in the
world that was the biggest pencil in the
world or the pixie stick the world you
just biggest pixie stick in the world
yes every time we go to the Halloween
section we always have this obsession oh
that's why you wanted to film that known
which is like film with the skeleton oh
I'm sorry
nothing's pretty scary though Michael
your dad's here what Frank
I'm sorry don't tell me wait why African
nose hon it's sunburned everyone knows
the time so give me this I got sunburned
again I'm freakin exhausted
we've been freaking out in the Sun all
day planting you can do it all kinds of
crap in my nose now looks like freakin
Rudolph mmm is it get is it visible on
the camera oh yeah well you know how
this camera shows the worse than
everyone okay a big deal so now I just
want to go to sleep and she's bothering
me so that's why I took a camera from
her so I can turn this off and I won't
be bother anymore
what are you doing absolutely you're
possessive salt it's perfectly I don't
need salt
just trust me Bridget happen so now it's
trust me now I don't need a mess point I
knew it
I joined her poor fella
Oh so if you're wondering what Belle was
wearing a cone on her head earlier she
hurt her paw and now we had to give her
a cone to wear over her head so she
doesn't mess with it
Oh Belle oh here let me just get her up
yeah let's go oh gosh do I have a ball I
know right hey a poor girl such a
conehead hey girl
oh I'm sorry you gonna have to wear it
so she has to wear this into our
politics better oh my god
Clyde just got it off of her they
freaking tricked us Wow Feli you need
this back on him we've been doing a lot
of yard work and that's why I'm getting
sunburned so much and that's why the
vlog is a little jumbly this morning I
went to yard sales with Grandpa then we
went out to Lowe's with your dad and
then out to dinner and oh man we massage
my back I just want to sit here for a
minute I am exhausted I have never done
this much work in my life my face is on
fire now my shoulders are freakin
sunburned again we got to go to Dad's
tomorrow
and I want to mess with ya
so ok whoo I saw this yeah you doing
okay over there Bella she don't at all
and nobody should supposed to be left
alone all right well I'll leave you
alone
couch is all yours of course I am a
quick film you for the end clip so Matt
how come you didn't get burned today
well for some reason the Sun Tan Lotion
worked better
I gave Michael uh SPF 50 and he still
got burned what the hell dude I was I
look like the abominable snowman I will
sauce olive white and it's still burnt
not out look at this camera tell them
what you did you must have pranked me
somehow I swear to God I didn't I get
SPF 30 and you're fine and I'm fine
meanwhile I look like freakin I stuck my
head in the oven I know
c'mere oven head
filmin laying down my body hurts
everywhere no what are you bothering me
cuz I'm vlogging babe
I'm just kidding I don't think your oven
has yeah you do I think your fire face
is kidding I fucking look like the heat
miser phonetic here without Santa Claus
move they called me heat miser whatever
I touch he starts to melt in my clutch
he's too much yeah I don't know you're
not that bad I mean you're as red is
there cord a thing on the camera what
yeah well that's gonna be it for today
you guys thanks for watching weight yard
selling with Grandpa went to Home Depot
with Doug went out to dinner hung out
with the dogs burned my face
okay I'm not as bad as mine okay mom
looks like I've got enough light you
know thing at least is not natural cuz
then I'd be worried so anyway that's
gonna be it for today you guys I'm ready
to get down this day I'm ready to go to
bag
I even decorate we'll do that another
time I don't care maybe tomorrow
tomorrow we went over grandpas after
we'll see like subscribe favorite fun
everything for Joe eyes and that's it
alright guys I went around for it how do
you
you
