what's going on you guys kid beyond a
sunburn here for to us he I behind burnt
behind him why did you see sunburn why
you ever zoom out of burn was that kind
of burnt
he didn't burn phase you should have
said that today is Thursday in today
we're going to go and today is bridges
time to shine like your oily face and
back you saw in the Simpsons no I did
not first of all I stole it from Family
Guy number two if you didn't see the
blog we uploaded yesterday bridges face
was glistening like a son of it okay
number three that was moisturizer your
face was like shiny moisturizer my face
is burning like hell maybe you should
tell me after my moisturizer has seven
no I was like shining something I just
cut up anyway forget all that let's get
this Thursday started my face burns
grandpa's style we are still talking Oh
let's get well Cindy is here helping us
unpack a bunch of crap because we hadn't
done it oh the magnifying glass yeah I
found it all right Cindy look up all
right let's get this here we go talk oh
it's Olga
you gonna watch this vlog later see if
it Ellis there we go
what should I say I don't know this is
all well we're going over to Grandpa's
house holy he talks too it's also
hopefully some of the sunburn goes off
of my face you know oh my god don't show
them my face I'll show them your face in
just a second oh I just I don't know
what dad's problem is I don't either
that's the thing if you didn't see the
video I uploaded Jess
may we pray yeah everybody I'm just
doing this whole thing with this thing
in front of my face with no explanation
up low but oh my gosh it's a little
normal yeah well I'm not normal but show
you closer my face you make it normal
okay it's perfect
hey hey yeah hey um anyway we're going
over to grandpa's
there we go parfait what's going on you
guys bridge West yeah if he can't tell
she's got bad sunburn Hey yeah what I
have horrible sunburn like give me this
hey stop no I'm assuming on your face
you're gonna see my fine line oh man
it's like there's this effect that it's
like stretching your forehead right now
so anyway they burned
I got toasted I'm toast
guys I got roasted go roasted like a
marshmallow I'm sitting here with
grandpa would you cook it man a roll
he's making egg I got to show this man
you outdone yourself so he made teriyaki
chicken on a stick
chop suey blew this you pour this over
rice and pepper steak and Oh delicious
and a whole pan of egg rolls
I know you go eat them definitely gone
there so many how's my face look but I'm
the son that it has my face look I'll
sunburn yeah I'll go ahead not done well
where Bob done himself and of course
white rice cuz you don't know how to
make it white rice in Chinese house cuz
he don't know how to make fried rice
yeah do do you really know how I don't
know how give my walk out down a no no
way I'm not even a challenge if you mess
it up make them right I'm gonna keep
your hand right oh that's my favorite
fried rice easy to me I've tried and I
had nothing but disaster
i'ma sit I've been sitting here snacking
on the food dad's been makin it is
delicious corn I could you aren't you
proud you should be my name is 100
whoa ha
alright well in a few minutes what am i
eating and I will critique everything
here you must think about the door dude
I'm gonna say I love everything even if
I hate it here him to a real man what
hey Bridget ain't a real man I am you
can't run you a house that's ball is
that true Bridget what hey you're the
boss
ya know we both were the pans no you
were paint that's a big old pair of
hands
hey rules already look at that boy
oh god okay I got it yeah
like really thanks Michael
man thanks man I know that's childproof
so I got that for you too you go sir
thank you buddy
okay here we go we try and dad's food
right now first up chop suey
it's all right sorry curtain it is I
cooked it well alright it's not good
okay everybody oh one egg what I'm
would've thought what just donkey okay
there you go
what are you little man did he play drag
your way out anyhow I'm I'm joking it's
good at dad everything's delicious thank
you for having us oh look anything dad
hated us don't let's eat well we're
leaving dad's house thanks a lot for
dinner no problem may leave now
yeah it was really yeah you ain't happy
with it you wants to get Evan had a good
day it's been a very good day so if I
thought you were still mad sorry about
all the bull poopoo sorry for pranking
you Frank sorry about that
hey PJ jet me but you ain't been talking
to me so when are you coming to the new
house I ain't cutting you out tell you
how I coming I'm not
don't ask me again you go to meet em you
won't dude I ain't never gonna with it
you're watching yeah no I'm not what is
going on here we would have a good time
I had a good day today man yeah you
ruined it I like it
cuz a bribe coming to my house yeah I
want to go hey cool
just follow us no just right just give
your truck right now leave time for me
with I love it and get the bricks go so
you're still mad I imagine going out why
I want it I don't know about that thanks
for the food I thought what a Buddha to
go over to left your house
I couldn't easy you left it at the other
house and they got rained in but I know
you moved I took it over the new but if
I didn't tell you but then you get about
the minute you move it
I told nobody I had to prank you and you
wouldn't watch the vlog she would have
known anyway maybe you should watch the
ball I don't want to scratch that don't
watch the ball I won't get out now get
out if you're hoping I'll go nuts worth
I love you Sun burn watch it
okay who's hanging on you you're mr.
Hilley right boob is big I can't put up
with this no more
okay just okay I'm not gonna ask again
going home please bye please have a go
please no before I get out of here
tonight I wanted to tell a story now
mine's was one I've actually already
told on the videos before but it's one
that some people might not remember now
the first part of the story I'm not
going to tell it's too long of a story
we got on a boat the freakin boat hit a
stump and we were freaking stuck in the
middle of the water for like 11 hours a
long time and I got Sun poisoning
no sudden poisoning is not fun you're
vomiting you're sick you feel like crap
and I looked like a freaking Lobster
now the part that I'm going to talk
about is what dad did to me too baby
think it was gonna make me heal now I
was on the couch for days I had blisters
people walking by slapping me as far as
they could on the back it was total
misery and dad he goes all you need to
do put your apple cider vinegar on your
skin now I've seen this on Google people
say it works I don't know maybe I had an
allergic reaction I don't know what
happened Daigo give it to me boo put
this vinegar all in his hands had dumps
it on me a little instant I felt the
itch iasts
I'd have felt in my entire life oh my
god it was boom it was so bad that I
almost passed out
oh my god I don't mean so itchy that you
feel like you're gonna pass out no no
uh-oh
oh my god that's how bad my freaking
skin was I couldn't move I couldn't take
showers which is sort of normal for me
now but uh no that's not normal I smell
don't take showers but still I couldn't
walk I couldn't move people were hitting
me and on top of that dad put apple
cider vinegar on me and it ruined me
sucked I feel so bad for you now every
time Bridget gives me an option I don't
know if I want to trust it cuz I don't
trust people
oh come on aloe gel were you did the
aloe it's fine but I don't like it well
get over it you need it with your
blister s let's do the outro huh come on
girl
nabis jug did you match if you believed
it yeah okay Joe good better that's my
guy she's smiling for the cat all know
she's not that's the sneak sneak a treat
dog oh how funny would that be about if
I trying to pretend it was Bella oh my
gosh oh I thought was about Bella hey
Bella Bella oh how can you know let me
see your face
there you are girl hey hey girl
all right oh you can't have those look
at I found for a jet Oh anyway even want
to cook that's so cute
Pollos hermanos which is Spanish for TV
show and Breaking Bad no it's not just
the chicken
oh look awesome so if I wasn't wearing
your shirt one tip would be here the
other would shut up we come again
that's like stuff of the house ball you
can eat this see what it's told you guys
she has awareness and she now knows she
doesn't want it Bella she was I thought
I smelled food well that's not food well
I promise you don't want that she's
coming back up what else is up here for
me well that's gonna be it for today
guys thanks for watching sorry if the
vlog short I'm just a misery right now
me too look at my face guys lobster girl
lobster glistening face ohh glistening
face behind a lobster girl here yeah
anyway I'm gonna get out of here thanks
for watching you guys like subscribe
favorite fun everything for to us and
tomorrow we're saying goodbye to the
other house what the hell are you doing
what what the hell are you doing just
fill me you for the end clip get out of
here will you ask me nicely please leave
that was no you get ba when you go into
the house
I ain't never what ever had ain't never
never gonna go to your house no no not
never
