what's going on you guys Kippy hun I
prank grandpa's ass today yeah okay what
if the prank doesn't work if the prank
didn't work Oh your new intro completely
if you guys saw that the prank war but
if it didn't work then there's a whole
point of you guys ain't seen ready
what's going on you guys
get behind I hope grandpa got pranked
today here I really hope we successfully
did that I'm hoping uh that we got him
just it's not we had a couple of ideas
on how we wanted to prank anger grandpa
the first was the old we got robbed oh
no oh my god we got us don't attack in
number two was when I did to him last
time I moved and I just invited with the
house and not be there and number three
was the one we decided on which we gave
you a hint of yester what are you doing
you're like coming at me we gave you
guys a hint in yesterday's vlog we broke
up
so we're bitch enemy enemy
I don't you touch of my hand acts like
you I hate you Oh Brody okay I got a
problem with you I want to talk about it
laughs enemy shut up we're not doing
that what our song is public enemy
number one
no no what does that song sound like
rigid you don't even know right I forget
I used to really love it though there's
an Eminem song yeah okay anyway next
here's what I wanted to do actually have
you interrupted my bit I wanted to do
okay let's start this over we actually
we just met for the first time we have
been keeping that first part okay hey I
got a bone to pick with you Bridget I
hate you so much let me do this thing
look I found this and I just talked
about this freaking boxes boxes so
Michael how do I look now whoa
track through yes we can finally show
for just face on camera whoa we can't
show the body
you already done that let me do it I
don't know what this is I got something
out a lot scarier what is it show one
yeah ha why do we have so much crap Oh
remember the idea we had for this yes
but now they're officially decorations
well I also tell everybody what was the
idea was it like a voodoo doll rulers we
were do like a voodoo doll Franklin down
with it I have so many Halloween pranks
and I sort of didn't even pull a lot of
him last year because I couldn't top the
walking dead right number one and number
two he's suspicious as hell so I gave it
a go I here I trust us and we don't just
give another year and I feel like maybe
this year I can pull something
government not using any of this crap
however Bridget it's your face sure I'm
sure
here take this pretend to cut my head
off hold on let me get in situation okay
ready yeah so that was like hey warranty
ah is that good just feel my hair like
that was real bad I go I don't think we
should keep this my role is to try to
make Google my head got chopped up I was
gonna be like that it was that bad okay
where's we don't have time
Bradley sitting you're going through all
this crap please
Bridget Bridget look at me look at me we
have to go to the other house hey hey
hey bit bridge is wanting to go through
all this crap you guys swear Bridget you
can chin tall mirror the print cookies
yes we might still be able to do
somewhere that I'm not gonna mention
that oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh
Oh Bridget wait oh my no come on look at
me Shannon you don't put those on your
head Shannon she did it look okay listen
okay your total Shannon now look at me
we have to prank dad okay look at me hey
oh you you've gone full Shannon client
loves know what I'm thinking
a prank I'm thinking we're actually
breaking out no bye
yes know what Kapoor family goes the
phillium go final hang up
she only agreed I'm telling her no let
me show you let me go man no I'm tellin
you only said she only said she would go
with me right now to go to the other
house we get this prank going if I did
that so there you go
gay porn if where we goes happy that's
not the truth
Oh what is the truth that you really
wanted me to give you that Michael
practically begged me to give him that
unlike Michael you can have those four
chairs Hughes I don't need to ask you
for them cuz I got I need you to come
over now I'm home then I've been here
I'm an answering for a reason dad I've
been going through something and I
didn't want to talk to you about it but
I'm ready to open up now I'll be here
okay I love you love you do what I gotta
gonna chop fine you see you can cry
hey hey come here I don't want to film
please come inside in this talk no I'm
done why I'm done I'm going what about
the new house I don't feel your house
why don't want to I'll never go into
your house
why is that I'm just never going you out
I had to move dad and I want to explain
to you why but I couldn't let you come
on just come in - no I don't care I
gotta go you don't have to go anywhere I
had you're going down you goodbye you
want some chili you left a big bowl of
it right dad please it's a freaking joke
please no kid you please where are you
gonna jump I'm asking nice dad Oh Roy
your window down what'll it take to get
you to the new house nothing you're
absolutely foot down in fuse why but I
can't
goodbye why though if you walk if you
drive out of here I won't come back to
your house
please that seriously just pull back in
uf he's bad because yeah why does he
hate me so much I don't think he's mad
about that mad that we didn't talk abou
you sooner because I feel like it's
personal at this point well he left
hello whatever Oh
cording answer me back it was dad please
answer your phone I'm trying to get in
touch with you anything could be wrong I
just want to talk I want you to come to
the new house I want you to be happy and
I don't want you to be so bitter all the
time call me back so it wouldn't be nice
if he was happy for us well if you
didn't see the video we uploaded earlier
which as of right now is being filmed
dad my whole prank was to make that
think that me and Bridget broke up and
she took all the stuff weather and that
he didn't I don't know what he was I
still don't know why he's best I know
the other prints that we didn't tell him
he's pissed that we're still together or
he's embarrassed that we call him
talking about celebrating while you were
god I don't know honestly he might be
pretty embarrassed cuz it's pretty mean
like you you are hurting and he doesn't
care I just want to take a selfie yeah
straight to voicemail
oh my god you turned his phone off so
dumb grandpa turned his phone off he
doesn't want to talk to me I'm not going
over to his house I don't have time for
that right now dad
grow up that would be the word I having
it's not funny right on the piste I'm
sorry what is this
he shouldn't be this mad by the way I'm
pretty pissed off that he was so happy
that is not a reaction that I was
expecting also I'm not happy that he
said I couldn't move in with him if I
needed to what you wouldn't let me move
in that's pretty shitty it's real shitty
honestly that is driving in here now
yeah thirsty Assessor
tell you nice holy crap it's a good
thing you found that right he got treat
treat oh there's a popsicle - typical D
things are they're probably fine that we
should definitely throw him out though
or it's gonna like sour and it said
there's the trash can so we take you
with us
there's in the back oh well let's get
back to the house I didn't tell you it
was a joke
it was just a joke I hear yes I had to
prank you first and then I was gonna lie
that you know he's our friend
just talk yes
yeah you can come over anytime you want
so you're gonna hold them to this
forever right
how about this I'll tell virtually
anything um I don't think so
I don't think stuff hey I'm not leaving
mine now you guys I told you I didn't
want that phone call record I don't care
you said to record your phone calls yeah
okay this was a private one dad's
feelings are hurt we can get over it
minor hurt too and yours for what I
don't know the past crap he's pulled
still jeez I'm not like my house I was a
suggestion he didn't even say yes to
that well good cuz I'm just trying to
give in to come on cuz he doesn't want
to come over to our house right now well
because we prank that am I the issue
Michael knows because we prank them
that's bad hiccups please don't tell me
where I got a call back so he just kind
of hung up my cell will call back oh
okay well how are you sittin there
listening I don't know I was almost
busted because of Clyde bye thank you
bye
no I'm here hello Bella hey girl
a village I hadn't seen Belle in a while
I know right
we've been hiding that you found a place
that we don't know about huh you know
don't fish eels has she really been yeah
she could hunt under our bed what the
hell dude uh-huh
well today was success
prank grandpa he's a little pissed
we also made tacos I was on the low-key
edit and filmed that today trying out
the recipe they were okay I was good
they were a little mushy yeah I don't
know what what I did I think I'm on
anyway they didn't see this so it
doesn't matter how fucked up tacos but
uh you agree
I mean you mean better oh my god so you
guys are officially announcing our Tyra
from cooking no no you don't like like I
think it was the meat god okay
I don't think it was you it was me
Bridget I hadn't freaking flour and
water to it and slimed it this guy this
guy added too much water it's fun not
even cook and they didn't even see it
why are we talking about this okay yeah
it might have been too much it looks
like freakin refried beans asleep she's
like glue let's compare oh man these are
the beans it does what's what that's the
question
Oh filming yes I have to show you and
everyone my favorite part of the house
okay this thing huh this thing look this
yeah you can hold like freaking okay
hold on you can pull no no no hold on
I this entire house we got this awesome
kitchen and freaking and that right
there is your favorite part is helpful
that is like so cool so I own to put the
sponge right here so Bridget has just
informed me that tomorrow we're going to
be hanging all this crap in our house
dogs look it's a bag of bones Oh Brady
should see this who did those bones
belong to Clive oh oh my god
we're not playing around anymore all the
kid was hanging a little bag of bones
okay guys all right you guys they're
over there
no no go okay Hey Wow Jesus do me a
favor
do not hang all this stuff in the house
tomorrow don't tell me that he'll at
least let me help because you have a
horrible sense of style I start now you
don't know how to decorate tomorrow and
you don't know how to decorate so please
allow me I do
no no you don't not a Dennis I do hey
you don't Michael I'm gonna help fun
don't know how to decorate I know how to
decorate you really think that yes I
think you don't well that's gonna be a
better day you guys thanks for watching
sorted decorate are you so on about that
I can sort of that okay Bridget I don't
want to talk about it anymore we're
gonna do all that tomorrow I'm ready to
go to I'm look exhausted do I not yeah
dad I'm ready to go to sleep I'm gonna
get out of here thanks for watching like
subscribe favorite fun everything for to
us and if you haven't seen the prank we
did on grandpa
it's gonna be in the new outro style
that we're trying out it's the beta
thing you'll see in just a second that's
it it's so funny
what's funny about it Sibella oh I find
them overplay yeah great explaining my
mind I REO well if you'll notice we're
part of a new YouTube beta where this
clip and a subscribe has popped up so
instead of an end clip I'm just filming
Bella and on the right platforms you'll
see the clip I don't know if it shows up
everywhere
we're testing it out Val you look
adorable
Oh
