yeah yeah well I was just trying to get
you uncomfortable what you looked
uncomfortable just go to bed fuck is
this come here
I can't move what no I was reading
you're supposed to sleep like this I
love you I really don't see where I was
going on one baby
you're totally flat what the hell was a
bad feel strange I don't know let me
check look I mean it looks normal to me
what the hell didn't something's wrong
Bridget
it just flattened me babe what is rough
why are the website moving because we
have two remotes overhead it now just
let me sleep okay yeah can't take a
little bit really be alone
Oh No Oh why I'll just trying to even up
bed nothing just leave me alone babe I'm
just wrong what it is breaking is it I
don't know
holy crap that's it
all right crush me it's not gonna
Michael why would they make a bed that
crushes you
I'm just trying to make you real
comfortable this is those uncommon thing
of our films please just go get up you
know what this is
yeah and bored Oh what time is it Hey
that's darling all right I'll leave you
alone
what fix it first god you're boring
Oh God
Oh Michael Oh
just fixing bad what's going on you guys
kitty hon a slimming camera here V to us
he yeah right there and today and today
just got my leg okay get down here get
out here and today is your thing and
today I'm overdoing please get down here
I'm done with this thing well that was
my idea to look slimmer
I've learned that I have way too many
chins so I got to film higher in the
intro you're attractive
I gotta film higher so know what's going
on you guys can't be on a camera here
I want to bore you with the long intro
today is Tuesday and today what are we
doing today
I don't think anything no no what am I
going over to the other house okay dad
did say he's been leaving a bunch of
food so oh my gosh yeah we should really
check on that food we're going to the
other house well this camera's a little
dark right now but you'll love that
because you can barely see you oh oh
so anyway how do I look listen I have
some serious say to you what we have
been living here for one week have you
got a week let me finish um yeah this
living together thing it's not working
out for me I didn't always getting into
I think we should end it hi breakup yeah
and for the record we're not parting on
good terms
no we're enemies yeah you're right you
know it's this whole thing love with you
is not typical love how let me let me
fix this you know I like how it says
love but we need to speak what it really
is cuz love with Bridget is evil hmm you
like that I think it's perfect and true
and we're officially enemies it's
stopped I want to be the funny one so
we're enemies and our love is evil yeah
I can't get this ring off though but
it's yours if I could what does that
mean you can't get up it means my
fucking fingers swelled around okay
so we are headed towards the other house
right now and it is freaking pouring I
know great for this come from
so dad told me yesterday he's been
leaving food by my door and he's
wondering I have not been getting it so
we want to go see what he's left so oh
my god
we're about to find out what kind of
food grandpa left before we prank him
tomorrow okay we just got to the house
we saw grandpa's big surprise
so dad told me he's been coming up
coming over a couple of times a day and
he's been leaving food and banging party
was wondering if he actually had been
coming over oh yeah I wonder what are
those is he cool what is it really wait
cool hwhip say water all in the back oh
he brought some freakin organic burritos
okay oh ah let's show this out I'm not
eating it oh no think um very much
Thank You grandpa okay what is this oh
good looks so gross
cookies
this is discussing well dad thank you
for the bags of food what is that ah uh
uh oh
corn dogs oh this is gross discussing
that this is disgusting he didn't know I
know
we appreciate it grandpa so yeah as we
coming over here on a daily basis
he left corn dogs cookies and I don't
know the other thing was that I can't
name and some frozen burritos and
whipped cream with what was the whipped
cream for the cookies
maybe maybe yeah that sounds good
should we leave this here no I thought
away right yeah your thumbnail with it
no has a like a rancid smell oh my gosh
that's so gross oh how about a thing he
should have known it was gonna rain but
he left him yesterday's and I was
supposed to been here so I feel kind of
bad right now
pushy the grandpa you don't feel a
little bad where's my cane you saw pile
of food
it's very when he is happy he drops his
off some food he's been in a good mood
so I gotta get the shine on you I gotta
give this prank done tomorrow you're
gonna hurt his feelings don't say that
I'm gonna do this prank tomorrow Michael
it's okay he hurts yours all the good I
know but he brought over food I know I
feel bad that call him and thing comes I
will do that so and say it was delicious
dad thank you for the food and I'm sorry
in advance for tomorrow we have a prank
planned agai sorry grandpa
you guys click like if you wanted
sir prank grandpa so that's what we're
going to do tomorrow
for now we're going to take our asses
through that house I can't bring the
camera for that right now click like and
we will do a final goodbye and that'll
be this week take this bag to the other
trash Wow so do a lot of fridge
yeah holding your emotions Bridget I
went don't be sad until we actually do
the goodbyes back up the cameras getting
wet back to the house we came over to
prepare for the prank we're doing a
grandpa tomorrow I told you guys we
would do it today if you clicked like I
couldn't do it today because grandpa has
he said it was a dentist appointment but
I know what teeth chewed into service
gums anyway
we're going to prank tomorrow so Bridget
just went back to the other house she
forgot something and I knew she'd want
to see this so I'm recording Clyde
trying to sleep and felix is over there
chilling next to the Halloween Bowl you
getting into some candy peeling how I
turn this light on I got our cordless
Clyde stay like that Claude please for
Mama
how does this work the fuck there we go
Clyde you stopped why'd you stop doing
that mama would want to see that No yeah
these are don't care hey where's Bella
dad for when you see this vlog I'm sorry
that I haven't told you that we moved
yet i strictly only didn't tell you for
the prank sake so when you do see it my
apologies i love you
they seriously I feel really bad
yeah just seeing all that food he
usually doesn't always do it boy when he
does do it that means he's in a good
mood so he's been in a good mood so dad
we're doing something I don't know I
don't know what but we're doing
something I appreciate the hell out of
that food you're the fucking man well
that's gonna be a fair today guys thanks
for watching
Bridget folded me up the bed this
morning I was so funny I didn't
understand what was happening at the
time once I start editing the video I
understand what you were doing I don't
know why the idea just came to me and I
just felt like a michael sandwich would
be kind of funny well you know what I
didn't understand what you did until I
edited the vlog so good job you got me
that's gonna be funny that's gonna be a
free day guys thanks for watching like
subscribe favorite follow dress out gas
leak what what let the gas leaks down I
don't know I remember on Arrested
developers Oh seriously what's the sound
before your washing machine is it you
knew you knew what the sound was you
wash the clothes make sure that's what
it was
it doesn't know goofed oh shit
