what's going on you guys kick me out of
Shannon here shit in here
right there and today we'll get to the
Shannon stuff in just a minute I don't
want to take this time to properly
address the fact that Brigid is turning
into a Shannon Michael I can't help it I
love this time of year you need to help
because I don't like this time of year
when our house is shannond out oh so you
don't like Halloween decoration I love
them but you just go full sham it's
crazy if you guys don't know what a
Shannon is Bridget and I made a
fictional I'll talk about that in just a
second it is something we do we're a
weird couple so look we're not doing
anything today
and I'd love the sounds of that we have
been working and busting our ass for the
past week trying to get moved into this
house and finally we have a day off and
by the we're not done we got plenty more
to do I just don't want to do it my feet
felt like they were about to like fall
off my rash is finally healed okay
Shannon anyway forget it I'm giving a
team next the end of the vlog thanks for
watching you guys know Shannon that's it
like her my favorite huh
so just now in the intro I told you guys
Bridget was turning into Shannon and you
see where I'm going with no look at this
you know I don't know if everybody who
watches the videos right now knows what
shannon is shannon is a fictional
character that we created that is very
obsessed with holidays and decorating
and baking cookies and she's coming out
and she's you we see people all the time
little fat ladies with with blonde proms
driving around in a car with deer
reindeer antlers on it and me and
majority camo the name what we think
that person would be called it was
Shannon oh Shannon
so everytime bridgid us anything Festo
or holiday like I call her Shannon
because that's what she's acting like so
let's take a look with Shannon has for
us this year so far so far she's got the
pumpkin hand pump then this freakin
pumpkin and scent that she set up and
then freakin big bowl of Halloween candy
somebody wants to come into the house oh
I love the house okay
every shit it's either Halloween candy
yes Reese's pumpkin is there more hide
love pumpkin so Shannon is seriously
trying to get into all of this what is
this is this a scent that's very well
your your branding for that for
Christmas you gotta be uh pretty she's
preparing for Christmas but I do know
this these freaking out orange cups and
plates Bridgette what the fuck Shannon I
have to find my Halloween boxes there's
two of them and I so that's the only
reason we're not full Shannon down
because you can't find a buck yes we
should go looking I don't want to go
looking please you know you love
Halloween decoration not like you shed
oh my gosh oh I got pumpkin coffee where
show me this right there what the hell
Bridgette oh Shannon I meant by the way
not only is the wax melter pumpkin but
guess what scent it is pumpkin pumpkins
I've had it Shannon we made fun of shame
as you've become one Michael I just love
Halloween decorations preferable so
right now Bridgette I just put up hey
Belle this okay hey Klaus you this right
here is something kimsen don't you think
really better in DES yeah actually I
think a look better option
just like whiskey I don't need a top
shelf that is so cute
so Kim sent us these little print out a
pumpkin yeah Bridget come on really
yeah in just a few minutes I'm gonna do
a lay down
I'm sure bridget will coming they were
trying to scare me now so I wanna
fucking scare that's right now Michael
is sleeping and I really want to find my
Halloween decorations oh my gosh I found
one so in Mike's up the entire house is
decorated what if it's in here
oh look at Michael's dolls oh my God
look how you protected those that is
really cool oh my gosh I thought my
Halloween stuff is in here holy fuck
okay how long have I been sleeping I
don't know I've been sitting here
thinking this whole time that you were
gonna prank me you never showed up to
prank me I my goal was to flip it on you
why would you think I was gonna prank
you cuz you usually do well like I'm
looking for a Halloween baskets you
weren't I gonna prank me at all
no why would why would I prank you in
the middle you know
I've laid the bait out for you I was
like oh I'm going to bed Bridgette do do
do do do and you never freakin came in
some way you're mad that I'm not
pranking you
cuz I thought you were gonna and I
wanted to try to jump scare you or
something my goal I had some dog bed
Lane where I sleep but I was gonna wait
right over here jump out at you when you
came to scare me and you ruined that I
felt so bad for you
Bobby I just feel right I thought I had
something really good here
well you did it Oh Barry I can't believe
you're pissed about that man I waste I
feel like I wasted like an hour what how
long was I in here for I don't know I
actually fell asleep with some boys
looking in boxes and shut trying to find
my stuff decorate I found my something
actually sleeping in the freaking closet
I woke up what fine yeah Kyle you're
pathetic
good someone was in the bathroom taking
a shit and I'm gonna block him in with
boxes nothing nothing what nothing I'm
not doing anything
Oh what what was this supposed to be
let's try to block you in uh well it was
lame we have to change that those doors
those days are over
no I'm gonna change that it doesn't know
oh shit wait what are you saying the the
grass the grass is I was asleep at 7:30
this morning I was at Walgreens I'm
sorry you do not want me to ever come
over maybe I'm trying to teach you a
little lesson I'm not answering
yeah I knew if you think you don't want
me come over tomorrow okay
listen let's do lunch this week okay
I'll be I am home now come over right
now we're at Walmart
advertisement so I can't go grocery
shopping anymore we weren't there
without unbusy how many times have you
come over four times blank I don't know
what to tell you dad I want must plan
lunch what Wednesday oh so now you're
gonna stop coming over again probably
not I do a lot of things I'm a busy man
hey and then you wonder why don't answer
the door when you know maybe so dad
called me ten minutes ago
he starts bitching at me I had no idea
what he was talking about he said he'd
been banging on the door I've been home
why you can't reach me I've been here
the whole time and as it turns out if
you guys he was going to the other house
Bridget was telling me to meet the bug
thank God
oh my gosh honestly I forgot we were
pranking him so I gotta do this soon I
didn't think you would show up at the
house the plan was to just do it never
come
/ I was the day exactly the Elvis anyone
ever four times yesterday maybe he was
bringing us food I don't know how I feel
kind of bad that he doesn't know I want
to tell that it's not like I'm keeping
it homo purposely maybe a little maybe I
don't want to breaking shit yet but I
don't know but still I'm gonna tell him
I just don't want to undo the prank guys
we really want to prank him first I'm
gonna have to do it really soon yeah
it's really soon like really soon really
soon click like did you want me to do it
tomorrow yes I will like it because I
feel bad that he is going over and
banging on our neighbors probably think
he's crazy looking out the window woman
he's probably yelling I'm gonna do a
wellness check in yo ass but thank you
anyway
that's what's been happening I just I'm
sorry dad please and by the way people
don't tell him I've been seeing human
writing them on freaking Facebook and
Twitter I intercept all this okay I know
what you've been saying stop trying to
roll the prank
I gotta do this then you can tell him
whatever you none of you dogs could have
warned mom that I wanted to prank her
you could you guys couldn't have told
her hey go check on dad
none of ya cuz they don't care whoa you
freaked me out bill I went to where you
were and you were gone you don't care
right Oh
feels just hate me well that's gonna be
it for today guys thanks for watching
bridget trying to prank me I tried to
prank bridge this was not we both felt
sad a failure failure
don't say I really value you fell asleep
in the closet okay God
luckily you're sympathetic for that I'm
very pathetic I'm embarrassed so what
and I'm gonna get out of here thanks for
watching pretty soon we're pranking
grandpa click like if you want to see
guys
definitely gonna click light that's
gonna be it for today guys thanks for
watching like subscribe favorite fall on
everything for us
Bridget Wesley name was Shannon fun
everything for July how would you really
smoothly please to chat tonight to see
bigger boy are no longer interested in
your scaring in it now they want to
divert water burning him oh my gosh fun
runner you'll enjoy this book this is
for sore loser stuff oh my god Leah clap
it
