well we're at the old house right now
because I have to do that story I told
you guys I would do yesterday over
38,000 people clicked like to hear why
we're moving so that's why I'm here
to do the story and we got to clean
around we got Cindy here hey Cindy thank
you right there
hello we're going to be cleaning this
house top to bottom because we you know
just because we're gone don't we're
gonna leave it a hellhole oh my god I
know I gotta clean obviously so we're
scrubbing the house today but that's not
for today we will do a walk-through if
you guys want to see it click like if
you wants to do one final walkthrough
for this house when we say goodbye
because we're gonna say goodbye to it
click like if you want that to be on the
vlog and we would do it but first time
to tell you why we're moving well the
reason we have to move has to do with
this back here the backyard to our house
and it's such a crazy story that I can't
believe that it's a coincidence
let me sorry I cannot believe it's
happening so I know again so if you for
those of you who don't know our story
and some of you might know the story
some of you who are kind of new to the
series might not know back in 2011
Boeing bought the trailer park that we
were living in and converted it into a
trailer park and a parking lot what did
I say
Taylor Park oops I was yeah I wish they
converted into a better trailer park
excuse me boeing bought the trailer park
we were living in and converted it into
a parking lot and i found myself
wondering what are the odds of this what
are the odds that we lose our house for
a parking lot you always hear about it
happening to other families and you
think wow that sucks
but you don't think it will ever happen
to you and that's what happened and i
was said what were the odds of that
happening here's a better question what
are the odds of it happening to your
family twice cuz that's what happened to
me and bridget that house that we were
living in two years ago that we left for
this house
i don't think we ever totally but he did
we we didn't say anything we had to move
from that house because the owner put
the house up for sale and the Reid
and the owner put the house up for sale
is because there were rumors that
businesses were going to be taking part
of that neighborhood particularly our
yard and turning it into new stores yeah
it's like whoever wants to expand the
cities in Charleston yeah it's weird
somebody I don't know I was like ok
twice G okay I didn't want to say
anything because I didn't want the
universe to have that information but I
thought it was weird that it happened to
me twice my first house got lost because
of a freakin parking lot my second one
got lost probably because of a parking
lot I don't know
JCPenney I don't know no mommy's homes
when you know JCPenney so I thought okay
this is our last move we're in our final
home we're done moving this is it no not
quite
folks it happened a third time it's
happened to me three times now okay I
pissed somebody off somebody I don't
know somebody important has a vendetta
with pickleboy maybe it's Bridget hey
hey hello hey if you're pissed off at me
guy who makes decisions I'll break up
with her okay hold on yeah you know my
home you know you don't have to do that
to me
so let me tell you guys what really pick
up no of course not
so it can be homeless under a bridge
together Bridget I'm not gonna be
homeless under bridge then I'll break up
I don't share a box I'm big enough for
one myself
I will get my own bar I need a
frigerator box so listen here's what
happened you guys last year we started
getting notices on our door and people
coming up to us talking about that goose
not know I'm in the midpoint of my story
oh I miss the keys bye so anyway so last
year we started getting notices on our
door that said save the neighborhood and
we went to one of the meetings and as it
turned out they're going to be
converting half of this neighborhood
into a street into a portion that
connects to the highway so we can have
what is it like in more lanes I don't
know it's some sort of city expansion
that starts in our back yard
what the fuck I know what is going on
here oh my god what is it is a road that
leads straight to boy no don't say the
odds would be insane but I'm not gonna
say that way there's no way that's
possible it'll lead to bowing you know
it eventually will be a road to bowing
so okay let's recap I lost my first home
to Boeing to turn it into a parking lot
I lost my second home uh to turn into a
JC Penney okay whatever whatever turned
into I lost my third home here to be
turned into a freakin Highway in the
backyard where my dogs used the bathroom
now naturally I had to leave their work
saying they were taking the house they
were just taking the fucking yard which
means Bella we go to the bathroom and I
know it's not going to happen today or
tomorrow it took four years for Boeing
to convert that trailer park into a
parking lot I don't know if they're
using it yet but the point is they're
going to do it and I'd rather make a
move now while I can then five years
from now when I can't and a year from
now when I can you know it's like yeah
get out while you still can
I never flogged it we weren't vlogging
at the time we just filmed villain
videos occasionally and we didn't talk
about it with it in film it how hard it
was for dad to get out of trail wood it
was hard for all of us it was very
upsetting before we knew it trail would
was closed and dad was like yo I gotta
go today and we had to find a new place
for him to go right then and it was so
hard and I don't want that to happen now
I don't want my backyard to have a road
going through it and I have nothing to
do about it so we had to get out and it
sucks because I love this house we've
built a lot of memories here I'm going
to miss the house we've been a it's been
a great house that's been really nice
but now we have to move on and make new
memories pray that gamestop doesn't want
to build a location where we live now
because I can't handle I can't handle it
a fourth time dude if this happens
another
time if this happens again if there's
more city expansions and I lose my house
again I'm gonna have to suck Uncle Sam's
dick whoever I need to like screw it so
like please leave me alone I'm not a
puppet anymore I don't know that it's a
conspiracy
but it's crazy it happened to me three
times it is very crazy it is so that's
the story I hope you guys liked it as
much as I like living it it sucks but at
least we did something about it now than
when we couldn't so I just wanted to
thank take them honor to thank you guys
for being there with us during it for
moving with us it sucks but here we are
we had to move now let's go check out
the yard where there's gonna be a street
off so who's nice that's it if you guys
don't want us to do the walkthrough this
be the last time you see it so thank you
we're going to the other house now a
click like if you do wants to do one
more walkthrough and we'll show you the
house empty as we say goodbye cuz we're
going to be doing it anyways in a few
days and I got a little pranking but I
can't talk about it right now
I'm nail time make it look a badass you
look pretty freakin bad my mom is gonna
kill me if she knows I'm hanging out
with you
don't tell her and now if you do oh yes
ma'am
hey I'm just here to uh I know you're
back up please I don't want any Bridget
oh no no you're not more time one more
time okay this is where this is what
bridgie used to do when the pizza would
come out of anybody it's all that long
but if he didn't this is what would
happen stop paying the pizza guy
teacher
and this is your sauce project so that
you do know well let's get out of here
all right damn Doug you look beat hell
up waterfall thanks for cutting the
trees oh I just switched modes hold on
right now we're about to make hot dogs
for dinner and Doug doesn't want to stay
so I thought you know I got you
something Bridget got you a little gift
to say thank you that's our gift
there's your steak the hell you love
steak yes I do I figured I'd get you
steak that's a steak yeah that's a steak
yes okay that is definitely a steak this
all look like a steak to you either it's
not a ribeye oh you eat only ribeye I'm
spoiled on my bias
what's wrong with t-bones nothing he's
right I guess where's the garbage but
you got a mashed potatoes too or they
did I guess I huh she didn't you cook
your own sides even no thanks Bob Evans
go ahead and cook him I cannot cook so
she don't know how to cook steak you
ain't got a girl anyway I don't
so I'm sitting here cutting onions right
now if you can't tell I am using a
butter knife because our butcher knife
is still packed somewhere in one of
these boxes and I got to cut the onion
for the hot dogs so this is what's
happening right now a freaking butter
knife and it's hard dude hope I'm at
I don't be kidding really tell it's the
saw
I should have made Bridget do it
I could have manipulated her - I don't
know
oh man well it's time to make some hot
dog chili is this like a Food Network or
something dude it kind of died this is
sick okay
I want a head lay all the ingredients
out like I said the recipes and the
descriptions you know what all those
seasonings are the first thing I do is
pop in my ground beef and my water and
I'm just mashing this up now then I've
already got one that's already done I'm
just chugging hey generally goes on Food
Network show so now I'm going to say
Jesus Michael stop no I'm just gonna
mash it you got the water mixed with the
hamburger meat and you just mash it into
a paste and people gonna go oh my god
just just trust me you could trust the
fish trust the pits man trust me we
grinding it and if you're a vegan a good
solution and this not eat it is - not me
you took my joke can you redo this and
if you were vegan a good solution is for
you to go to bed and not e-40 fruits and
stuff gone
look Daris sir oh my guys yeah mister
some sort of derrieres
yeah you put like a vegetable Ananse of
them yeah carrot a grilled care with a
little bit of mustard so there you go
that's the vegan option have you told
them about these hot dogs yet okay we're
gonna address the hot dogs or quick
folks we didn't know what we wanted so
we've got and we did not know my dad
wanted we don't know so we got Boar's
Head sale Sabri
and Hoffman's so we got plenty o hot
dose how creepy why do we get so many I
don't know honestly I think we're just
hungry so you know we're cooking them
all cuz we want to know what's the best
hot dog so back to my chili babe I
really want to go talk to my dad well
someone's gotta film the cooking show
that's brick
so tell you daddy coming what the hell
is that bear
are you sure you only said wrap that is
perfect what holy crap dude okay chop up
look at that what is this thing this
Israel is your fan holy shit yeah this
is crazy dude all right
oh the camera funny these are the
seasoning this is onion powder chili
powder salt pepper sugar I think there
might be something else
I don't know right in there it goes next
up almost a full can of tomato sauce 3/4
of a cup ketchup get in there I'm going
to scrape the rest of the ketchup in
there and a couple of dashes of
Worcestershire however you pronounce it
and we just are mixing all this together
and it's going to slowly cook and
hopefully get thick and turn into a
delicious chili sauce and if not I will
go back to the store and get a can okay
this is how Jeff's recipe turned out
it's a little thin right now I think it
thickens as it sits
but this let's clear up you bastard
clear up you there we go this is what it
looks like I haven't tasted yet let's
check it out so I did alter the recipe a
bit when it was first done it didn't
have that much flavor so just added a
little more you know pepper salt a
little more of all the seasonings
basically just you know season to taste
but that's up to you it was good though
okay I'm gonna go and choose my Coney
I'm going to the Coney they're nice and
cooked by the way beside it it's chili
cheese fries
which I just took fries put a little bit
of the hot dog chili over cheese let it
melt so let's get some chili on that bad
boy
next up onions last step mustard
boom chili cheese Coney with mustard
onions chili with chili cheese fries
okay here we go folks can I try this
chili cheese Coney let's get a close-up
of that you want to focus on the hot dog
and not me chief there we go alright mmm
delicious
I don't know why did that oh I don't
know well that's gonna be it for the
cameras dead well that's gonna be it for
today guys thanks for watching those
hotdogs I don't know why I started with
that finger that was strange
thank you oh god you guys I've been so
busy lately
anything end I know I'm done with being
busy
I've been busy way too much I'm ready to
just to my ass on the couch eat food and
play that's gonna be it for today guys
thanks for watching tonight is UFC from
the end of this vlog now but so I can
get ready to watch UFC oh my gosh is CM
Punk gonna win I don't know man who do
you guys think is gonna win come in the
comments or tweet me Mick ego is a new
guy and it's hard to say because both of
them are kind of fresh I don't know man
CM Punk's kind of old I'm a CM punk fan
I believe in the guy but is he the best
in the world with the UFC I don't know
I'm gonna get out of here thanks for
watching you guys remember to click like
if you want us to do that final
walkthrough goodbye to the trailer the
house you can see me trailer I
I'm trailer trash hey I am - I love
trailers I'm trailer trash at heart when
do I'm gonna get out of here thanks for
watching you guys like subscribe babe
fun everything for Joss and that's it
I'm gonna postpone oh my god that thing
on the bottom your foot is starting to
boil
it's starting to bleed dude you know if
I used to be a nice and soft Murphy give
me your foot I was at first when I'm
like you know come on I gotta film but
you know Bridget damn
