what's going on you guys get behind a
camera here right there and today is
Friday and today before we get into
anything else last night if you didn't
see the vlog or the video we put up on
the anger grandpa show channel which you
probably didn't because one YouTube
didn't send out a lot of notifications
and - it was real late
it went up at two o'clock in the morning
I wasn't gonna upload the last night but
I had to this happened grandpa had
another NFL freak out all because the
Panthers lost to the Broncos again it
was a good game it was a very good game
it was right down to the wire and
grandpa freaked out because the Panthers
lost the game stop this vlog if you
haven't seen it which you probably
haven't seen it not a lot of people have
and click the square over my face that's
if you're on a computer if you're on a
tablet or a phone you can just watch my
face so if you didn't see yesterday's
vlog and if you did see yesterday's vlog
you would have noticed if you pay very
close attention if you blink you'll miss
it it's very subtle but if you pay
attention for the first 14 minutes of
the vlog you'll notice that we're in a
different house for the for the whole
vlog okay wasn't subtle I wanted to
prank you guys it was Bridget's idea it
was her idea to prank you guys we
thought it would be funny if we just pop
up in a new house with no explanation
you're like wait a minute did I miss a
vlog what's going on some people were
like I can't really tell well yes we
moved and yes we filmed the moving
process so that's what this is
if you want to know why we had to move
click like there's a whole story I can't
get into it right now but if you click
like I will tell the story
there was a reason we had to move I just
can't talk about it yet so click like I
don't want to keep it going anymore here
we go
this was the moving process but whatever
footage we got I don't know how much we
failed to be honest with ya this is us
moving into a new house
you guys we moved happy Friday
you're a dud ok ok do I get Felix over
to the new house I'm transporting him
first and he knows he knows something's
up
do you want a treat I got the Felix now
the question becomes is you going to
call me up no but you should you know
you should record his sounds in my car
because he does we will act like Oh find
something anything
ok well right now I have a bridge of
film cuz I don't know if Felix is gonna
spray me we're gonna take Felix to the
house first right now
it is 4 o'clock in the morning we are
getting ready to start moving all of our
crap oh my gosh now we can't have Felix
in the same car as two dogs so we're
gonna take Felix there first and then
come back and get the dogs and some
stuff and some moves anyway we're
getting to the house let's get this
started
keep filming Bridgette because they
Felix praised me I want it on film dude
oh my gosh the last time you did this
the last time we had to put a feeling he
was Bridgette was taking them to the vet
he's good yeah I was pretty brutal don't
freak out ok bud I don't know I kind of
mimicked ages I know no more guys right
back promise guys
everyone else has a slumber yeah okay
please don't freak out
be good Felix I love you I feel so bad
for him I'm sorry buddy
does it fit oh I know you're freaking up
it's a little dark we turn on the light
I don't have my phone let me go get his
toys and then we can go okay time to get
Felix's toys take them to the house Hey
okay we're in the new house now okay you
ready for this first wait no this is not
the first time you guys saw yesterday's
vlog so I don't know why this moment is
even happening okay follow me we're
headed to the new house never Hey what
just give me those are the okay I'm
sitting there back you got here
yesterday okay you guys the couch that
Bridget screwed up royally is here uh no
my can't sit on your couch oh okay well
the calm before the storm
this is I'm pissed at you Lillian I
tricked you
yes I was here yesterday where did I get
here you've got that's a good one you
got me I know so this is the new house a
new table - wow this is awesome
this is my drink from when I was waiting
and you're for lunch
weren't you happy what did you have I
didn't eat wings uh-oh
you ate Wingstop in my new house before
me okay we're testing the lighting for
the camera in the new kitchen will you
film me to see if I look good or really
bad
okay you guys if this scene is to cut
out of the vlog it means I look good
hold on well it's just the lighting
first is it flickering it so look like
no it looks really good
looks good folks let's see how Bridget
looks if its kind of vlog we didn't like
it
hey guys so hopefully this lighting
doesn't point out every flaw in my face
hopefully this this clip makes it into
the pump hopefully it makes them to the
vlog just hopefully so this fridge
actually came with the happy yep you
moved a bunch of stuff to okay when did
you do this
um was I at dad's house with the
freaking wall thing okay Bridget yeah I
actually moved a few stuff few things in
okay let's do that
pseudo test oh where can we put this dog
bag it's staying in this house and it's
gonna be in the living room Richard but
I don't know where to put it
no oh you should look in there look at
the closet and then look in our closet
you've already moved stuff look at all
these bar pops this is from last week by
the way dude
we signed up for marks there's some
reason they send me double box dude they
just keep sending a look at this what do
you think four five six seventy this is
nine boxes and this is like two months
like why do you keep sending those
biases cancel my subscription to so what
all of you already moved frankly a more
surprising
you might need help with us let me do it
okay
little white oh Jesus
you know honestly I don't know how you
didn't notice this but it's probably
because you don't take showers yes folks
everywhere the same you t-shirt in a
week dude yeah so can I just chill out
you guys do everything without me
no hun you're helping wow you guys have
done a lot yeah the dog bed cannot go
anywhere the whole story for why we're
moving has to do with right out here hey
Bella can I open the door how do you
like the new house by the way Bella oh
that's right you don't live there yet oh
that's that freaked me out for a second
anyway over here is why we have to move
click like and we will tell you it is a
strange story of something ain't quite
right I don't trust the government now
Donna that's not true but click like if
you're gonna hear the story it's pretty
weird
well we've been packing all night the
movers just got here we had to put the
dogs in their cages which I'm really
sorry for that you guys but the reason
is you don't do well with strangers so
we'll leave you there for just a minute
and then you'll be out the movies are
here so I'm gonna fill them out the
window
just to see their truck yeah they
brought their here there is a lot more
room in this thing that we new version
yeah I thought we did fill this thing
out
what I saw the blood fellow the people
here don't know what that is
it's not real blood guys it was it was
fake what you guys could probably help
us figure out which pillow the blow is
from some sort of prank frigid did to me
yeah she did some sort of prank to me
there was blood on the fake blood on the
pillow anyway it's fucked up so here is
all the stuff moved out of this living
room so we're gonna go in here check
this up now the kitchen we still got to
do kitchen still got all our stuff in it
but all this stuff's gone so we're
looking for in a language and Bridget I
think this is just like a regular
everything okay I don't know anything
about soul I don't either
I'm sitting on my phone series what's an
Allen wrench I didn't really ask her but
now I'm gonna actually let's see here
bitch Siri what does an Allen wrench
I guarantee take this
what is an Allen wrench well some of the
stuff is now being moved into the house
the TV is going to go up there and a lot
of stuff we got to go through for the
kitchen right now Felix and lazy are in
the bathroom up there so let's go check
on them
they got
Oh
I'm sorry but I can't let out right now
dick I'm sorry the doors are open you'll
run out so how you guys I'm just
checking on you
hey doing okay you got food in there he
got water you'll be all right all right
and I will let you both out as soon as
the doors are closed oh I'm sorry buddy
he can't come out here's a little
overshot if I were to fall I would land
on the table and it would crush and I
don't know if I would survive it I'll be
honest what are you doing you're so bad
it was like wires and shit you're
actually like the work how we good yes
sir
yeah so yeah we did snake Oh excited
Bella she has no idea what's even going
on oh don't tell me
don't ever film me okay okay so I'm
sitting here unpacking this Bridget why
did we pack freaking diapers why did you
do it
we're not the joke is over with it's
done it's time okay well this helped
that rash you have that's severe rash
that you have don't make you fucking
talk about the rash yeah well let's talk
about the right bridge is not a horrible
rash let's end it there
do I wear diapers yeah I don't right
that's kind of what I thought okay so
this is flickering I feel like I'm in a
hotel room in a horror movie what's
going on with you we good nope
it's like I'm waiting for something to
pop up behind me okay
not to mention we've got that bloody
pillow right there that's what I'm
talking about by the way whatever prank
this was the movers look at this more
like what the hell happened in this
house good well the video you guys
watched yesterday just went up and I
just took my first shower which is kind
of a problem and that had actually been
here technically for a day so I haven't
showered yet anyway that's not important
I just took my shower and for some
reason for it doesn't want to take one
she's out in the other room right now
but she stays and she was right the
whole time
I don't stink what is that smelling it's
really crap oh right the bathroom
toilets right oh my god that thing on
the bottom of your foot is starting to
boil it's starting to bleed dude you
know what that used to be a nice and
soft my feet won't give me your foot I
was at first but I'm like you know come
on I got a film back if you guys don't
know if you didn't see the blob many
years ago I cut my foot horrible and
ever since then I always feel it's gonna
cut up when the engines are scared of it
it looks like am i eight what do you
mean just you feel that poor thing I'm
scared of it turn off the camera so now
that the vlog from yesterday has already
up I can tell you guys what the plan was
because I see people in the comments
section not completely understanding
what I did there the point was for me to
move and not say anything and the idea
of being behind it was I would just be
in a brand new house for the vlog and
you guys would be like wait what the
what I saw people on Twitter trying to
take a guess what was different somebody
was like oh they got a new TV Oh
whoa new fridge oh they got the couches
I'm like yeah oh we got the couches and
there's a whole new house surrounding
the couch
we moved like I said click like if you
weren't into the full story on why we
moved it's a pretty funny story we had
to move and is this lens closed it was
slightly closed I don't know if it
affected anything but anyway click like
we'll talk about it I'll go back to the
old house and do it by the way
dad don't even know we moved so Doug is
in the process of replacing our
showerheads this one which happens to
look like the 10mins dick you know don't
it ok
we've got water yeah now you can take
that shower it's all about four months
in the making I know I'm pretty bright
well that's gonna be about it for the
moving vlog I'll get to the outro in
just a second
I want I know you guys are probably
gonna want a house tour or something I'm
gonna do that one more situated cuz
right now we still got so many boxes
okay feel equip market on stuff I looked
it up on YouTube that's what you're
doing
please don't that's gonna be a fair day
guys thanks for watching remember to
click like if he wants to tell you why
we had to move its a whole messed-up
story can't tell I've gotten super tall
since we met oh right I've gotten really
tall
take the camera you got me and plan all
I needed to do that for the outro I know
what the hell that's gonna be a free day
guys thanks for watching I'm gonna get
out of here hey okay look bridges back
in the outro thanks for watching like
subscribe favorite fun everything for us
and we moved wait I have an issue I
don't know what scandal delight huh
what's that I have a lot of different
candle scents Bridgette it doesn't
matter how many candles you like you're
not gonna stop stinking until you take a
shower
come on that's stupid yeah yeah okay dad
if they win you're gonna be apologized
are you ready that you get ball here we
go all right
Oh
oh wow oh my god yeah yeah great
