Michael Michael we gotta get up you like
it up whoa your dad just texted me and
said the guys almost done with the wall
we got to go Frank what are you doing
Michael get up your dad what your dad
just texted me and said the guys almost
don't his wall we gotta go
what are you doing no you didn't decided
to come get me earlier babe he just now
texted me here
where are my short text calls it you
know dad when you see this won't you
know that I know you did this on purpose
you've probably gotten to the bay window
I'm pissed at you right okay what's
going on you guys keeping any camera
here Brett just woke me up today
grandpa's getting those wall fix you're
supposed to call me I even told the guy
don't do it to like 10 o'clock it is 8
o'clock in the morning right now I
almost feel like he doesn't even want us
there well we're going we are on our way
to grandpa's house right now man we are
rushing I'm rushing
I told Dad to call me when the guy gets
there to fix his wall and again he
doesn't care boogeyman
it's just like that tweet the other day
young-kyu Mike so dad I'm on my way it's
9:30 in the morning guys we are like we
usually never up this early I'm pissed
about two reasons one I wanted to film
it obviously - I don't know what he told
the guy to do now I gave my I don't know
if he told me put in a bay window my
dead though I don't know what's going on
I gotta get there
I'm pissed dude oh my god ah dad he's
too early for this shit I haven't even
got coffee I'm like tired driving oh are
you
you're gonna wreck us no I'm not gonna
rack so all the way to Grandpa's house
right now and this car up here is
freaking driving recklessly they were
just a second ago I wish I had the
camera out they were in the other Lane
and there's a car coming to be had to
swerve back like I wonder if they're
hosting or if they're drunk it's too
early to be drunk is it no it's like
unless they're on their way home from
the night before
hurry look at that yeah it's pretty
oh my god this is scary you guys this
right here is why you either don't text
and drive drink and drive or drive when
you can't drive this is why I don't
drive oh my gosh please like this is
nothing I really don't want this person
to wreck please just go home or pull
over and now right
sometimes I wish I was a cop it'd be so
fun this Asian get like oh my god
okay what's going on
I feel like we're going to like football
right here and I really don't want to do
that yeah he was totally in oh my god
he's got to be drawn play your slowed
right if you can't tell you so much
further ahead of us cuz I don't want to
be directly behind this car I'll be
honest with ya he's probably gonna wreck
and burn no please
please move Oh God
it's scary I feel like if I wish you
want to got the license plate number and
I would have called it in this person
this person does not deserve to be
driving right now
if there's any context at all that I can
add to that clip it would be don't do
whatever that was this is the reason I
don't drive I never put your two phobias
coming my D I'm really scared right now
I have an actual phobia for driving you
guys I think it may stem back from when
we got into a car accident when I was a
kid but it's barely been hope and we got
an ugly mess worse I have a phobia for
driving so uh please don't do that
because that's terrifying
doctors don't drive reckless don't ever
do that
all right what's up my time you got here
call you thirteen there to go oh hey
Charlie sir he's not doing you're not
doing no like bay window right no I
better see a bit you're not getting the
bay window I better see a big wooden in
that truck you're not getting dead he's
replacing the wall that's what he's
gonna watch it was right bad he gave you
a dandy without me wonder why he doesn't
need you this close to him yes he knows
what he's doing dad he's getting that
done threatened to leave three done
sorry about that dude oh yeah it's all
good
I freaking rushed over because you told
me he was done he's done it for time
served
he's been he's been hassle just a little
bit well here we are you know mind if I
film Charlie sure you don't mind for
film would you stop it would you stop
that would you stop I don't want a with
a little fish damn you're not getting a
bay window dad
I didn't think this house can sustain a
bay window even got a longer gotta make
you paying tonight
no he's fixing the entire wall will talk
to his ass it'll cost you fifteen
thousand where at what I want one then
but I'll take it again we got your
salvage yard it would not look good
there no I had a log or an electrical
there there's a lot of this piss over a
bay window I told you now I'll entertain
had you tell him not to get the bay
window and I that Jordan to get it
because he's not he's he's only two
workers paid for he was gonna go enjoy
his 1500 bucks for the bay window oh
yeah okay that well dad's missing this
he's just pissed about refractive not
winning out of a window so that part is
repaired and we're getting the site
vinyl siding put back onto the house
you happy dad yeah my movie huh
oh why cuz it's not a bay window okay
wasn't it well that's alright come on
okay Grandpa's wall just got finished
nice job charlie thanks sir so this dude
hook grandpa up
I'm sorry use a hard ass it's all good
I've nord them I'm glad you didn't leave
so we've got here's a lot more to do
he's not finished but this is done I got
to get back to my house really
appreciate it
so thanks a lot man very welcome that's
how you shake hands yo man I'm tired
he's like I ain't trying to break his
wimpy hand well another day same couch I
was hoping I could say another day
another couch I can't use that I was
hoping I would be able to do it I can't
say it another day another couch is not
happening in this so we don't have
another couch and I'm mad at Bridget for
it so we still got this couch if you
haven't been following what's been
happening on bridges birthday we went
furniture shopping why am I just filming
the couch hold on
during bridges birthday we went
furniture shopping and she picked out
some bullshit jean furniture that she
liked I hated it
I do want to nothing to do with the Jean
furniture I later found out she was
messing with me but I the way she
ordered a new couch it hasn't gotten
here yet so we was sitting on this his
soaking broken piece of crap well we're
back from Grandpa's house and being
honest I don't know if he's happy if you
didn't notice ain't happy if you didn't
notice he's not in that insane and a
couple of the season near the end
because he didn't want to be there
anymore he didn't get his bay window he
went to his room he stopped talking he
didn't say goodbye to me when I left he
didn't want so I don't know okay he's
not happy I don't know why it's even a
mystery it's he's 65 or 6 he is 65 going
on six really seriously dad it's like
all I do is fix your wall I told you we
could talk about the bay window at a
later date I don't think you're sincere
about that I think you're just saying
that so it turns out it's his house he
wants a bay window by all means but you
know I'm not gonna let him do it himself
because one he's probably gonna
electrocute us fuck himself
number two is going to end up with a
writ down as well and he'll know what to
do he doesn't want to admit that's what
happened that's what happened
oh shit Mike help uh right you know of
course you could get a bay window it's
just so much is he expecting you to pay
for it and was it I don't care about
that I just want him look I'm just gonna
swallow sixth okay yeah chill dad get
over it so we gonna do the outro well
that's gonna be a fair today guys thanks
for watching I got a lot of stuff to get
to I'm sorry at the vlog is short
honestly I don't know how much I just
filmed with that in his wall and all
that bull I don't know what's going on I
don't know what I got I don't know what
I didn't get either way I got a lot of
important stuff you're gonna find some
of that out in the next few days we got
to go handle it dad
I'm glad that your semi happy and you
got your wall that's all I care as long
as you got your freakin wall back so
anyway that's gonna be it for today guys
thanks for watching like subscribe
favorite fun everything for to us okay
let me do the end okay do those geese
not know we're vlogging sapis Shh
they're bothering someone else now like
subscribe favorite for Jo s for
everything for just was that good that
was better
okay and that's it I love you guys so
much mmm me too why you so annoyed when
I say that I said me too you know I
don't like affection
see if they don't trust it
I know right what's you gonna do when
the terms of others can't good resting
yeah okay you Michael does not have
stank for so much poop in your mouth you
good on me proving you out
let's just stop okay nobody how about
that bad oh my goodness now
