what's going on you guys can't be on a
graybeard here I'm noticing gray hairs
white what what gray yeah how great you
know what that means right
what nothing it means I got dad's DNA
what's going we'll start over what's
going on you guys kick me out a camera
here fortuitous here right there and
today is Monday yesterday we have a lot
to do we got a whole bunch to do so let
me tell you guys ahead of time this is
not gonna be a very long vlog
my apologies in advance Bridget and I
have a very important meeting where to
go to today and hopefully if all goes
well another important meeting to go to
tomorrow but that's for desperate later
I can't talk about any of that today but
you will find out this week but today is
Monday and today we're going over to
Grandma's house happy Labor Day happy
Labor Day it totally slipped my stupid
head so stupid happy Labor Day you guys
so today we're going over to grandpa's
house because I got to get the guy to
come over and fix grandpa's wall the guy
gave me a call this morning and he told
me that dad ran him off so I don't know
what else to do I gotta go talk to dad
we got to figure this out I got to get
this wall fixed but anyway I'm not doing
a long intro trying to stay with my long
intro right now let's get to the couches
because you guys have got to see these
new couches what you got for us remember
the other day Bridget got ups new
couches here we go you ready folks
oh yeah stop it Michael that's our couch
I'm sick of this yeah so am I so am I do
you realize how much this hurts my ass
Dave so how's your back you know it goes
right back dude work
what's the frequent Loomis just probably
went right up my ass when I sat down
right up it first michael says it stinks
oh it stings I don't think it's okay
oh you're sitting on it look at this
cushions coming out eventually my ass
but over here there's a cushion on the
floor
this couch sucks I'm sorry with all the
stuff we got going on we need a reliable
couch trick no look at this how or why
I'm showing you but look at it wow it's
so clean under there yeah that was
surprising I'll a minute so what's
happening with the couch hi I haven't
heard nothing slavered a Oh
maybe tomorrow that's that's why yeah
thanks a lot Bridget you ordered a cache
we delivered on Labor Day okay we're at
grandpa's house right now I have to film
right now because I'm pissed
first of all you've been trying to patch
up holes by yourself again I'm gonna do
it do you need to stop my god I'm like
$3 I got my wallet on me $100 says you
created that big hole in your wall by
trying to patch a hole
I am I right did you know he did there
was a probably a hole tried to burn the
Baba and he messed it up even worse and
now we got this problem they're going to
tear our dad's entire wall and you ran
the guy off this morning I'll do it
again dude
don't get my bay window this guy is a
friend of ours a family I thought my
baby when did he already tell me I
didn't tell me to get a big one is that
right until you ran them off yeah
goody-good a big wonder what do you got
it's going to look horrible there I want
to put a fish tail yeah he can have the
bay window if you want
I'm not saying you've had of a bay
window what I'm telling you is we need
to repair this wall first yeah then I'll
repair it listen to me
we got a cutting okay how about this
I'll compromise with you you can get
your bay window in five months
yeah month repair the wall I'm not dead
when in three weeks no not three weeks
five months and he fixed the wall
tomorrow
five weeks five weeks
that day that's a month in a week okay
three months is it going to write the
pool-table danger of yet I gave you the
money you Indian know you give you a
good white people ha we gave you the
money for that I gave you - where's the
cash
thanks for the ping-pong table you got
another ping pong table yeah three
months bay window you got sweet the deal
I got sweeten the deal to make you get a
window oh no Michael you're doing enough
what is the dealio what do you need any
what I needed well one what do you want
everything in the world
well I can't provide that sorry I'm not
God either good hey me you didn't give a
camper to summer get it yourself brah
what else you didn't get that your boat
you get my boat Kenny yours Oh what do
you need that sauna you know you wanted
a camera because you wanted to move out
of this house yeah I didn't buy you a
camp I know right know you were serious
in the boat it seems kind of dangerous
now you preview you trying to make me
wait am i bay one okay again you want a
bay window okay I'm trying to we got to
come to terms here let me fix the wall
three months bay window fix the damn
wall goddamn go ahead three months bay
window wait a bit woodsy hey you know a
bay window could be cool but but right
now we just have to seriously attack
yeah wall right okay bay window next
week happy no one this week I don't even
want the bay window anymore
I might even grind our ass that's what
it is you'd even want the bay window
you just trying to be a pain hey I'm
gonna be the bigger man right fun
picture totally so we can fix it we can
we can put all this behind us yeah now
you could leave I'm not gonna leave yet
yeah you are I want a hug you're gonna
hug I don't want 200 hug see it's a I
don't trust it
I know right what's he gonna do come to
terms on this can't go best names yeah
okay you Michael does not have stank
breath good
some I poop in your mouth we good
or moving you out let's just stop okay
thinking about nobody not that bad oh my
goodness no bad vibes
that's lies dude where's my fart no it
doesn't okay you're just lying out of
jesus your friends worse okay just
trying to piss you off wife you're
talking abou stain so you catch my bad
boy dad he's right he's good stop trying
to piss me off
the guy okay here's the deal he's gonna
be here tomorrow go to freakin lows with
him I'll be here as soon as I can
I ain't going to lose waiting to shake
on dude I need ya hey oh I'm excited for
this wall to be fixed yes I'll say yeah
Oh Giggy no stop this I got a son mm-hmm
no no no you feel me
forget all that covering the shit so
hurry up
it is not bad I will clear in it or is
the son a problem no yeah you're clear
cuz if I turn the Suns in my eyes and I
don't want to deal with the Sun today we
got it's lit so bings things just talk
with your eyes closed Bridget back to
where we were come I want all this so
Jesus I don't care about your vision
things are not going my way today my
couch as you saw it still didn't come we
go back from Grandpa's house the couch
still didn't come let's give Bridget a
round of applause okay
no no no the couches are not here folks
and Bridget only trying to cover the
lens because she does want to hold the
camera anymore
let me hold her own arm oh uh the couch
is still dinkum let's give her a round
of applause
number two me and dad are now not
talking to each other did you fart no I
don't stink eye oh so Bridget your
diaper thing is patched nobody cares
about it I'm
I said you fired okay I'm trying to
record myself with the sunlight how this
okay son why do you exist okay so I have
a Lennox's - ah great heat and to grow
plan and all the other stuff that's the
reason I think so
fuck the plants I don't care if the
vegans have nothing to eat for dinner go
son
that's a pay that's a joke by the way
okay let me okay the Sun is very
important I realized that so I have a
lot to do tomorrow there's important
stuff I got some meetings to go to
but if you guys want me to go to
grandpa's house and film the guy ripping
at his wall and putting in the new wall
click like I'll do it
I'm not to get there early that's why
would you guys to click like I want to
know if you want to see it click like if
it gets enough likes I'll head over
there I gotta get there like 7 8 o'clock
in the morning dad's gonna call me so if
you guys want me to do it smack the like
button I will film this guy ripping
grandpa's wall the fuck out Jesus Jesus
why'd we just say Jesus I don't know it
just sounds crazy it's gonna part of me
one of the other reasons you guys to
click like cuz I don't know if I want to
be there for it I have anxiety watching
this kind of stuff happen and I might
pass out up straight up it's what I case
a wall being ripped out and I'm gonna
feel like I don't know if it's
repairable
so click like if you guys want to see it
I'll head over tomorrow we'll film is
frickin wall being ripped out we gotta
fix these stupid cushions before we do
the outro they're not good enough kanga
oh ok so I'm a king Jason green I gotta
I'm a king because I want to send a
comfortable couch that makes me a king
yes whoa what you
I'm kidding babe oh well that's gonna be
a fair day guys thanks for watching be
for watching guys our meeting went
pretty well earlier so yeah fingers
crossed we
a lot of stuff goes across my fingers
across my asshole puckering and tingling
okay I don't know why I yeah I don't
know I don't know why I added it it
didn't seem necessary so fingers crossed
for us you guys I got a lot of more I
got a couple more important meetings
tomorrow but good could you calm down oh
are you hyperventilating and just so
let's get some water remember to click
like if you guys want us to film
Grandpa's wall being ripped apart and I
will take a break from what I'm doing
tomorrow to show it I don't want to
watch it I can't see it happening yeah I
gotta say something so I have a feeling
fuzz coming around yeah the weather
going to feel really good out now yeah
it feels great so anyway I'm gonna get
out of here I gotta go thanks for
watching you guys
like subscribe favorite following
everything rituals and that's it Olivia
okay so much
food upstairs I'm not doing anything I'm
filming and I know he didn't try that
now you getting mikela where's that
right here no it's over here
no it's not over there that's the living
room
