what's going on you guys get behind a
camera here for Josie yeah right there
and today is Sunday and today I wanted
to show you guys our new couches now if
you didn't see the vlog that we uploaded
yesterday you really don't do this oh
yeah Bridget got rid of our sectional
couch now how's that saved you ever seen
this section I hope you've seen the
sectional couch we've been sitting on it
for a while so the sectional couch she
got rid of because she ordered a new
couch here we go you guys ready for this
boom that's right folks the cache has
not come yet so we're sitting on this
old beat down piece of shit you know I
love this couch look at this thing it's
fucking we just got to push the
Christmas back in it no here oh we push
these cushions back so we show just how
not good at it I love this couch we
chose my bubble machines and pull those
up oh you guys it's a cute but they
don't agree looks like a diaper huh hey
so Louise broke down couch babe I love
this couch is you can't even see under
it no more oh yeah Bella Bella don't
like oh goodness Christ does it why why
can I have things hey Claud you feel bad
for him oh why oh but I was like no you
love on me now okay oh okay
is he in dangerous so this is the couch
she got rid of it for no reason hey
Lewis Bridget is broken down to the
ground over here that's new that is not
new no I mean it was broke a little
before and then it's real really broke
even last night I was get up this on her
I'm serious it's the wood inside here
totally crumbled under my arm
hey God so admit you were wrong I was
wrong
why would you told them to come if you
didn't have a guaranteed go advisor for
coming yesterday
hey you talked to them and find out
where it is we got an over our couches
Bridget this this thing hurts my ass
Dave it's so comfy how is it comfortable
the cushions come out under you while
you're sitting on it so I end up sitting
on nothing my shorts pull down while I'm
we're sending money because of the
cushion it's horrible I hate okay okay
cloud hey you I'm not gonna I'm sorry
haha meanwhile Felix over there like he
hates everybody he just disappeared
under this dogwood why is the dog buy
time he looked at all I don't know
that's a good question Liz oh I know I
why cuz they are him oh my gosh what
what oh my gosh huh major class I'm
gonna crush him he's he's away yeah he's
such a big baby
I saw Bella there I am roll all over the
ground
that was her chance a lazy spoon she
okay like this commotion nobody watch
you guys all fucked out after the vacuum
Fiasco yesterday ha ha that was a
violent three thumb yeah if you didn't
see the video we have little Jessica the
dogs trying to have sex with a vacuum
cleaner
that was insane uh guys miss your vacuum
I just wanted to let you guys know that
I'm wearing my e t-shirt right now well
before I went to Grandpa's house I had
to come to Best Buy yeah just tell them
the reason why I will I'm gonna get to
it the reason I had to come to Best
Buy's cuz I needed uh
surge protector you can just order that
online babe I coulda and I could have
gotten it but guess what
I didn't I came here and got it I needed
a surge protector and what's the problem
with me getting whatever I want you can
it's just a big waste of tiny who's
ordered it online Vegas I didn't even
need it
oh I don't realize oh yeah just one the
closet but we got it anyway so anyway on
the way to grandpa's house I hope you
feel faster just all that really Dean or
having yourself a savage Sunday
you stole that for me oh that from
Burgess Twitter hey I can't use it
Savage Sunday I should have been saying
it first and I hope you have savage
Sunday and if any other youtuber uses
that that means they stole it from us
rice gum I'm looking at you don't make
me throw them hand that's all I'm saying
we're kidding rice gum I'm not I'm the
Karate Kid
not really so anyway I'm just joking by
the way I don't want beef I know I want
beef yeah when the cheeseburgers I'm
talking about some sort of beef sandwich
but not with rice dunkers yeah he'd pump
shit out of you I don't want that I
don't want them hands so anyway he beat
my ass in real life I'm trying to see if
it's recording but it's too bright in
here I can't see if you hear the sound
it's too loud out here oh it is
recording wait is it yeah it's recording
so
much better so yesterday grandpa posted
to Twitter a picture of him I'll dressed
up and he put fuck you Mike
yeah that was very very cute dad so
right after that leafyishere posted a
thing saying hey if you want to get
roasted post your picture so I sent
leafyishere dad's picture as dad so I'm
hoping leaf easier roast angry grandpa
cuz that would be funny and we still got
a roast at your grandpa we got to do the
roast of a grandpa here pretty soon
oh shit he rose in a row I want pot
roast hopefully hopefully leave he does
Roy sir because I would be an honor
yeah Aubry would you ask Bobby you're
not getting back dad
I had to pay the slight extra to leave
his family on Sunday and pay extra for
Zola I an extra for him to go over with
Labor Day and fix this thing for you and
you throw him out of the house and I
feel the good baby he's gonna be here
tomorrow every day with he's not
breathing
oh you're going to meet any harder do i
do house all of you do anymore I do it
dad you can't I won't fix it yourself
you've strayed yourself why didn't you
still hold your wall you can't fix I
can't if you won't let me oh you've had
plenty of time to do it have to be happy
so what first of all number one I'm not
getting enough cuz I'm not I'm getting
mad about it okay it ain't hard studying
that the god is gonna come here he's
going to fix it himself you're going to
stay out of the way you're gonna let
them you're not getting the baby with
500 you head out I'll be out here
got it though I'm a big muscular our I'm
okay fine
what why was your turn eight to that
Francine you guys where you that's where
you keep bringing them Suffolk no I
didn't bring it up at all
you said I'm telling you I don't you
destroy the wall you've left it open all
up you got freaking siding you've got
forget go play whatever no I'm not
filming gosh she said she's not hey does
he go I'll pay with a turn-off virgin
I'm not filming not a big one it will
money you don't have the bay window
where it showed me they were to write
down and Wolfie Saul tomorrow live input
look look out there that we're talking
about dad on you I'm sure off again I'm
not filming will be good start grabbing
one thing Oh like stopping on you're
gonna make it worse I leave it for the
guy I'm gonna I'm gonna do all know
don't have a nice ah I ain't got plans
on one put on it that will talk with the
bay window after we fix this seal up
whatever go this was stupid a spot you
didn't love me this my spot credibly
good what they wouldn't let me do the
friggin windows at the bar windows what
were you thinking was good about any of
it you gotta buy two windows who got
please and we got a baby oh I'm trying
to be right look at a man
I did a good job we're not gonna give
you a bay window dude option that guy
you're here he'll be here Nora I'd
already bought the we'll get here ah
you Yeah right everybody will be here
now view a cold day in hell
what does that mean nothing a lot over
tomorrow no I'm busy we're gonna finish
it is a fucking screw yep up and do it
no usually I'll push you back this is
dangerous
Loomis Richard I guarantee on the other
side of this is totally you gave
telephone be outside tell you what come
on I'll show you go go I'm giving you a
butterfly go go go I'll show you come on
Joey
don't push me downstairs I'm not doing
anything I'm filming and I know he
didn't try that so now look what you see
where's it again would you go you can't
even tell it where is that right here no
it's over here
no it's not over there that's the living
room Paul oh my god that's right give
the bay window we got about windows no
more now I'll start on the morrow just
let me have this repaired first before
you do any before you do anything please
let me have a fix
dude a bay window would look so ugly
right there you ogen you realize if it
rains water's going right in hanging
around two weeks it was just a freaking
hurricane here I don't know it's just
getting patched and that's I think you'd
better get all weird I'm just up down
okay I will I promise you I will
what know that this is getting fixed I
won't fix it why do you have to make
everything into a thing why cuz I can
why can't we just you just let me fix
the freakin wall have I let me I know
you regret it you ruined it I don't
regret I think you went back yeah you
did you went your way over your head and
you know it I didn't regret it
he's way over his head I regret it uh oh
so you admit you're way over your head
while you rent it out go you ripped out
oh shit
we've got war oh shit that's not true oh
I make a big town I can fix anything
outbreak I don't know what I did wrong
but what is wrong with that
damn I'm like sick shit guys like it's
not fun I'm gonna do something they mess
around yeah i'ma do something all right
tomorrow I called the guy we'll look
into it
till then that's that let's go they said
you we do it right
gosh bad I guess I love to get what you
want
Curt ideally I'll be able down TV on are
you really yelling at them to turn the
look I can't
oh okay so what see if I decide that I
couldn't seen that happen what the TV
being was really a blessing to that hole
is there okay so patch up and then
that's it we'll see I'm afraid there's
no we'll see you're just doing it you're
gonna make I'm getting fed up we'll see
tomorrow
then we'll freakin decide okay yeah we
others I hate blood balls
I don't you want to talk to my father
what Bob boss
you mean Stefan fed I'm not saying I
just want to talk to you
he wanted to walk away you don't want to
talk yes sir okay that's fine Brigitte
we're doing ma'am thank you sir
see you I know my place my freaking hand
through your wall I need to stop now
thank you thanks for the
today well we are back home right now
and the couch is still not here we are
still on this beat down piece of crap
well what would you expect are we gonna
deliver it when we're like not here
whoa did they give us a call said they
were here no okay exactly we're not
getting the couch today probably not
tomorrow eyes I'm tired of it's not
coming what it's not is it coming or not
it's not coming okay I can't take it I
need enough I'm gonna have a couch or
not we have one this yeah it's broken
down dude it's our first couch ever I
love it that was our first night
Bridgette can't get rid of it because
she is a hoarder
I'm not a warder okay I recently watched
a video but chick who was like hoarding
poop I think we're just worse
Megan not really I'm trying to get a
shot of Felix hey they're both very wet
couldn't get a shot of fish he hates me
and so does Bella well that's gonna be
it for today guys thanks for watching
dad doesn't want to get his wall fakes
absolutely insane like am I the only one
who sees the bay window in that area
awful yeah it's not gonna look at all it
won't be centered I just want the wall
fixed before he decides anything else
cuz he just ripped out would like he's I
just want it things i know i yeah it
needs to be fixed so tomorrow i think
we're you know either we're fixing it
tomorrow i'm going to look into it
tomorrow but I'm gonna get out of here
click like if you wants to do that roast
of angry grandpa I had an idea where you
guys send us video submissions and I'll
have grandpa react to your actual video
oh my god like and we will do that I
don't know when we'll do it right now
I'm dealing with this window shit but
anyway I'm gonna get out of here thanks
for watching I hope we can find someone
I already got the guy it's just will he
do it like subscribe favorite
go on everything for to us about it
howdy is so much and that's you guys are
might we're at was
let's know what it's for
there are three factors
