what's going on you guys Bridget was
here and today I did something that I
think is going to make Michael mad so
you know my birthday I was tricking
Michael into thinking I liked really
repulsive looking furniture well that
day I actually ordered the set that he
liked online so today I got the
sectional removed and it's messy so this
is what was under our couch
but you know what it could have been
worse
oh my god the selfie stick yes that's
awesome but yeah I feel like it could
have been worse and I'm also not going
to clean it I'm gonna let Michael see it
okay I just wanted everyone to know that
I'm using the selfie stick Michael don't
be mad why don't I have too much
beheading for this it was broke so what
are we gonna sit in I don't know well I
figured me and you can both clean this
oh no your vault I'm not cleaning
anything when oh my god this sucks dude
I don't have a catch anymore
you should probably help me with what
cleaning this shit up yeah I want a
little bit dude you know the blankets
for to sit in I would not sit there that
blanket was behind the couch for like
over a year lottery ticket half
scratched off how much garbage do we
have over here
match three like a mouse win that amount
how much oh yeah
five thousand what it says right there
five thousand five thousand five huh
where did we get that do they expire I
don't I don't know what the hell this is
so cool
5,000 5,000 5,000 where do we get this
oh I don't know just those ones we
bought to prank it's not real home may
this is bullshit oh I'm sorry Michael
that one was real this okay seriously no
carry all that I'm gonna hand you a bag
and out some shit what did you do with
the couch I you you Justin sort of prank
where's the couch no it's gone it was
broken we got to sit on something it was
brutal what's the plan we clean this up
and make a fort until I don't know well
guys we don't have a couch anymore so
we're out of furniture now babe we can
look today over furniture
yeah let's go to rooms to go it takes
like a week to deliver does it really
yeah you didn't know that Wow now you
know why you don't get today delivery
you know we needed that couch next week
you screwed us
I'm sorry what do you know you can't eat
3d garbage cut no Bella guys we're gonna
you should probably start cleaning this
up
I should yes bye please no it's trash
hey for the back of the remote
this is horrible version one my back
hurts already for doing this so maybe
you should change our positions it might
become fear over there just do this you
film yeah so wrestle crate time okay
so sure it goes aside other shirts -
shirts second shirt goes aside okay the
first same funny version okay the first
thing is a coaster looks like it's a
Roman reigns coaster whoa that is so
cool
that's our chasm yes
next up what is this oh wow I wanted to
go to this event what is it it's Ring of
Honor in a verse 14th anniversary show
it was in February thing about going it
was in Vegas oh wow that's cool
many Omega is in it oh wow the Briscoes
my mom might watch this tonight so Ring
of Honor give me this is sick see smash
to the trash over there oh wow the Baris
this is Shonda var his brother he's a
wrestler now and that's sick dude he was
just in the cruiserweight championship
tournament for WWE
that's very cool I need to put this
aside oh no offense Russo autograph so
this right here is Vince Russo yeah and
Vince Russo who is he is a jackass I
don't I hate that color I don't know who
Jesus place of goeth bent
okay come in it could be Bray Wyatt I
just didn't think they would give up
Bray Wyatt shirt
oh this a followed yeah so I guess it's
a Breit why I'm sure I don't know that's
pretty cool that's cool though I won't
wear cuz the color okay next up it looks
like it's a Russell crate shark Oh Joe
it happily where it looks like it's like
a parody shirt for like Randy Orton if
you were to make like a beer like Viper
ale that is so cool alright that's the
Russell crate we've got two sharks looks
like to Bray Wyatt shirt Randy Orton
Russell Craig sure why did he suddenly
look like methods what we look like
metha baaga method right now we both do
yeah way too fat illegal methods shred
real water DVDs the Roman reigns coaster
the Randy Orton shirt and the Davari
autograph thousand was trashed Vince
first autograph I got really don't worry
I'm real quick
this couch bullsháá sorry mad about it
Michael it was broken I'm just sick of
looking at it okay we've got a got rid
of it with a new one - what - well we
should go shopping today I really want
to place an order for that Jean couch
when I get in the Jean couch piggy but
we're not getting that Jean couch
Michael physics breaking it out here
good ste hope up okay
stop filming me I have to film this
because it's so cute
what is if you didn't get off I just
woke up
is there anything valuable like spoons
spoons are valuable
so her house
oh my gosh please someone to take me
away from this all of this was under our
freaking couch I know oh this is nuts
dealing with trash stereos I know this
is actually pretty girls Aziz who knows
what is it trash oh no I'm pretty sure
it's all trash his hat
I lost it the dad got it now it's bent
up broken and covered a dog for her oh I
miss it really I'm sorry I'll get you
new one the day I got it that disappear
this couch is a wormhole right no one
else has a wormhole Bridget how you have
worms you have pen worms they crawl your
butt and that's a wormhole oh we need to
get to your Medicaid they don't have ten
words yeah you know let's go we're just
not pinworms you guys oh my god look at
Michael trying to create a rumor about a
baby okay
it was funny guys I have pin worms happy
that's disgusting Bridget Penn worms
well now we need to vacuum why couldn't
he have just done this later Michael I'm
sick of looking like we do meth or
something it didn't look like that one
of the couch Michael it was broke up
what the hell
there's not work we just shut off he
just died probably thank god this sucks
I'm tired of this damn tired
what okay I'm just going on
dogs are freaking out what feel free to
do it what nothing
check the bag going on
you know we need that wolf not working
ha ha no it's not working it's a piece
of shit I will just no stop calm down
I'm joking I was imploding it just leave
me alone please
well we hear the dogs barking cuz we're
vacuuming so we want to know what will I
do what will they do when they see the
vacuum because honest to god I don't
think we've ever right once the once
awesome we vacuumed into his house I
vacuumed in this house whenever you went
to summer soon were they around they
were outside so these dogs have an
experience to vacuum in a long time so
let's see how the act what do we got
here you guys what is that
Oh oh my god wait we're going after it
you're trying to attack them you oh my
god okay so that's why we put them off
some girl she's scared of it
that poor girl she's only tried to
protect herself it stress it back yeah
what are you doing the new couch gets
here oh my gosh okay let me get this one
let's know what it's for
they're having a threesome - thank you
hey hey hey hey hey hey okay I keep
messing up Kenai my scent on I can't add
the ball to keep check on the boy like
so
nothing rgeous aah oh my god are you
serious I'm trying to edit like a
fucking fat person and I got a big old
back and it hurts ah Michael I gotta
tell you something I don't care we need
a couch yeah
we have couches coming today do we
really good see yes
supposed to those jean couches yes
Oh Bridget no I hate those jean couches
I love that I love the blue jean couches
it's not gonna look good
why not I'm just kidding what Tommy this
was to come they're supposed to come
sometime today
oh my god what's going on dude
this is I'm scared what the hell was
that
babe you know we could get so we don't
have a couch no I screwed up I thought
they were coming today otherwise I won't
know if thought that uh why couldn't
just let them take it because I wanted
to clean under it first green couch we
got a couch you really didn't justice
but you mean we would had to avoid this
if you want to just wait it Michael I'm
honestly sorry I really thought they'd
be here today by the way why would you
order couches without talking to me
about it sorry I don't get a choice in
couches it was a surprise
you got the gene ones Mel also used to
like sleeping and hiding behind the
couch Burgess and she doesn't know what
to do with herself I know it's crazy I
was able to clean her face full no
problem Mellie got a face clean see
usually friends hi Nega nowhere you can
hide Bella what so we'll see
whoa she's got the camera can I have a
camera back well thank you Thank You
Bella well right here is where I'm going
to be editing now I had my thing sitting
over there with the couch here with
Bridget getting rid of the couch to move
it over here and if you can't notice I'm
missing keys what happened is like two
weeks ago
dad came over and he wanted to look at
something on the computer and the
computer slid off and if frickin broke
keys they started sliding off I had to
try to fix them some I couldn't fix the
S key and I can tell it's flashing right
now you can see that come on will you
fucking at least unbar oh okay now the
light on the keyboard has gone off so I
can show it better
very good so if you look right here that
is my s key now I don't know what the
hell that is
I'm sure there's like a name for it but
either way I'm missing keys but it I
don't know I gotta edit that's gonna be
a fitter day you guys thanks for
watching
we're on the couch this is comfortable
is a comfy couch this way come way more
comfier than whose word you were gonna
say yeah comfort is one more comforting
you were gonna say comfort us I don't
know what I was gonna go Bridget I'm
sorry for being an asshole today babe no
I was gonna apologize because oh okay go
ahead apologize I'll say I'm screwed
with you okay yeah you know what
unplug in the vacuum I know that was
funny almost freakin broke the vacuum
over it not to mention I didn't so you
got the couch that I like I'm sitting
there editing video
you got the couch that is I got you you
like the sand color too right yes oh I
got um I'm just kidding
yeah okay we're gonna get out of here
thanks for watching you guys long day
but a good day I enjoyed today now we
got to get to dad's house tomorrow we're
going to grandpa's house we're gonna
look at this wall I don't know what's
going on with it we gotta figure it out
no one's working cuz it's Labor Day
weekend I think I might have found
somebody hopefully really Oh tomorrow
great we're gonna look into getting
grapples wall fixed with that's gonna be
it for today you guys like subscribe
favorite following everything for to us
don't follow her though no come on
follow on everything mom is everything
for to us
I love you guys so much oh yeah the guy
actually made a video all right yeah you
know he's out of you too
what do you doing
