okay uh I'm not sure how to tell you
this I was gonna do this what I'm just
gonna do this to you
well guess what now I'm doing it oh no
don't you do it
okay here we go I don't how to tell you
this Bridget why it's Tommy
it sounds very serious it's very serious
Oh what is it
I was so concerned I've got worms you
guys I got worms what kind of worms no
you want yes right I got a pretty good
guys you know oh my I'm so mad I was how
do we think alike like this was so my
idea I got the worms not Bridget guys
the truth is oh no I'm not happy about
you stealing my skin um I'm gonna steal
from you
what happened relate to me dude
truthfully great minds think alike cuz I
was honestly going to do this to you
great minds think alike sometimes weak
minds can think like a great mind what
are you trying to say I have a great
mind just like oh that's not what I was
saying Rick oh I got one whoa no for
real though um I do have worms I know we
had to get your medication boy just pen
ones stop it you totally took my joke
what's going on you guys get beyond a
camera here vigil is here right there
today yeah today it's whoa whoa you were
right to say that we no no no don't say
it
Bridget there are new YouTube rules no
no there okay and today is Friday okay I
just censored your word and put a black
bar over
Oh enough poop okay your censored a lot
of youtubers lately have been up in arms
saying that YouTube is changing and you
can no longer cuss and your videos and I
don't think that's true
I think that the new Terms of Service
are just talking about a new way of
notifying people because I think all the
videos that were flagged were already
flagged so I think everybody can settle
down you can still save the word okay
this is black bar oh fuck
there you go that C eyes at it so no
YouTube is not changing but if it is
we're not we're who we are we do what we
do I'm not gonna censor myself for
anybody this is me this is me that was
opportunity to say it I censored it oh
no no this girl is aligned so the other
day trending all over Twitter was a
video in a guy who was I don't know how
to put this how should we put this um I
don't I don't want to say what he was
doing this - disgusting yeah ill one of
those but I also got to convey what he
was doing cuz it was so disgusting it
was pretty gross he was going to town on
that thing oh god I don't think about it
like I I can't look at mayonnaise the
same again I won't thank God I don't eat
it
I don't yeah okay the other day trending
not is it's a disgusting video yeah it's
pretty gross the other day trading all
over Twitter was a guy can't say that
was a guy who was so the other day
trending all over Twitter was a video
and a gut so the other day trending all
over Twitter I said
Oh God just do it what was that I'm
worried about I can't even do an intro
you're not worthless so the other day
trending all over Twitter what is ratio
selfie stay
hold your that's on par fast dude that's
on purpose
can you do it
all right just do the intro so the other
day trending up on it still so the other
day trip
intro game I'll just film it I'm not a
good child
I don't care just hold it so the other
day shut up Bridget stop this okay all
right I'm done the other day trending
all over Twitter was of a video about a
guy in a mansion so the other day
trending all over Twitter was a video
about a guy who was what are you filming
and filming you not even telling me dude
exits over there pal isn't it
am I wrong there's an exit over here so
I was wrong
yeah
so we are on our way to McDonough's now
to get to make chicken pop tomorrow it's
gonna be so embarrassing like they're
gonna know I can I get five make
chickens
I'm sorry 100 then again I can get over
here you sick can I get six McChicken
'he's a big chicken yes ma'am and a six
Mik doubles all right give me one second
so Bridgette seems to think that just by
ordering of a chicken they automatically
know we're doing with it they are going
to think that we're going be able don't
think we're doing the same thing as that
guy just because we ought to make
chicken yeah it's a sandwich to provide
us a delicious sandwich the McDonald's
provides okay it doesn't have to be for
any other reason one person did it not
everybody I'm sure people tried it after
well I'm sure - but that's not us yeah
what is a threesome with McChicken
sounds good
the storm is here Bridgette Michael pull
the window of I wanted to film some the
whoop brain we thought we could do this
video before it came this is pouring and
going home
man it's going to start before me don't
say that oh it's went down a little
what do you think no but this is like
this it's fine whatever tons do a
monsoon then a problem what do you do go
home what in the world is this all over
the wall bridge I talked with your
window what is this I don't know it's
like kind of shaped like a frog but I
doubt it's a frog they look above it oh
that's a living so Bridget has some
ducks you Sanka oh so when we went to be
gone all she ordered six McDouble
six Mick chickens and two large fry the
two large fry or so we could do this he
cries on the way to grandpa's house
McDonald's fries you know we're not haha
guys make off when he fries on the way
to Grandpa's house and I realized we got
6 min chickens 6 McDouble 's and two
fries which means that food is for us to
people 6 min chickens 6 McDowell's to
large fries
that's what it looks like yeah oh we get
sick sandwiches a piece okay we got our
order we got the McChicken we got the
fries grandpa you got a special
McChicken today you do we met let's drop
you in the bag
so we are on our way to grandpa's house
right now oh that makes me feel better
oh my god my car is dead what hey mom my
wife I don't know do what do we do I
don't know what's going on dude
I'm just kidding you know Bridget yes
great there's a lot I can put up with
that's not one of them I'm done
no not funny any McDouble no absolutely
not
fine get ready for days
what I can tell you for that is to put
that down what what my change I'm glad
it's about a year on my son anymore
gamma are you serious get up son it's a
joke I don't know you say so baby why
are you even making sandwiches that I
don't know you enjoy your house your
mouth
we should probably go you got Kitty job
at my house you get it now I understand
okay you know what I call prank were you
really gonna prank you pranked me all
the time
yeah it was a prank oh you did ha ha ha
right yes you find now yeah I get out oh
you saw you get it though what you did I
understand all right I'm questioning if
you do a joking with me I understand
that okay so you get I get it but do you
get it out with you have a house I'm not
leaving it it's right oh yeah you are
I'm gonna stay here actually actually
we're done it was just a joke you can
click down it
Bridget okay what funny it was pretty
funny wasn't funny all heard of God with
a good willing in a bun and yo well it's
not just a but there's a sandwich
narrativity
good to me it was a joke ever again ever
you soon y'all gonna use done way we're
gonna call me a guy how are you guy that
maybe not
it was a prank we tricked you
I can't buy a van what are you looking
for I don't know now the film hmm those
were me chickens in there hungry I am I
there is no mature you knowing there's
somebody had to talk about I dads are
something to talk about what is it a
storm coming tonight
what isn't that song coming guy just
afternoon what are you gonna do with
this now you do know with it go hell is
he gonna do water gonna come in now is
your house we're not responsible for
your damages should we put some sort of
blanket up there how do I drink your
weapon pour out of things up or so so he
is rather wet the floor and yeah i mop
that up you go Jesus it was just a joke
it was not true
why are you still pissed maybe they need
to eat come come by gun oh but it was a
joke you should be happy now throw up no
version you want to be chicken nothing i
really don't
okay i'm whippoorwill you new year oh no
really I want to go now actually ill you
want to leave yeah no he wants us gone
we saw ok
what do you do write this I knew the
other
what do you know I've had 10 guests
that's my god
