what's going on you guys kid behind the
camera the white here fedosya right
there and today we're going Noelle's as
if we do at the same time we're not
we're going on the ground grandpas for
the MIT for a cam video
it's like sparing dip it is great minds
think alike
oh and today Michael has made how what
okay I got like a rash on my face okay
no it's just like that okay that's
disgusting
and today Bridget has mange it doesn't
work today
angry grandpa's gonna be eating a
McChicken that he finds out came from
the guy from the Twitter of it I can't
talk about it
trust me it's horrifying that's
happening today
oh my gosh you had no follow up to them
now she's oh my gosh I can't wait
cameras on me but I'm just gonna do this
that's what Bridget was just anyway my
face is broken out maybe I need a shower
or something
use a scalp shampoo on your face God man
when I dry scalp let's get this day
started bridget is outside getting the
dogs I wanted to take the time to make
fun of her real quick so for some reason
she thinks she has tetanus because what
just talking to the camera about what
Bridget touch to this and didn't prick
her didn't get into her blood sir okay
why would you turn the light no one's
gonna screw up my camera turn off the
light so Bridget touched this with her
finger it like splintered me it did not
force all to nail a nail doesn't
splinter so I see your finger you got it
to light on it let me get my thumb
it's it's like in the middle of my
finger I'm not you know the one thing
I'm seeing what hey the fact that your
fingers are like secreting moisture or
something what is this your frog its
neosporin look at the camera are you a
frog no like I'm really scared though
like you don't have tetanus she was
literally crying like 20 minutes ago is
crying for like an hour
Oh tecna's then go get a shot no well
then deal with tetanus you really think
you got tetanus I don't know if I'm
scared quick I didn't bleed quit being
scared we gotta go to Dad's house to do
this video okay well well well Blaine
when I'm carving you were to leave yeah
you stay
woah oh oh that's one card oh my god
what did you do I'm trying to expand the
house why did you do they open up a
window in there
why iced I will remove all that output
when it bay windows in Oh
oh my god you don't mind do you Doral
I should have you're going to alright
dude I got this be serious it evolved
you the rest of it out no it's got like
like a bookcase I let me go shove you so
they got one obey whether you don't care
need oh I care very much what when did
you do this I'll be doing it all day
I'm tired man you got im annual going
too much
how you doing wrong
yeah he kind of did I'm judging you me
more air more sunlight misfortune so go
upside my god
why did you do this
that's a Saudi when I thought out do you
know is it really yeah
do you even know what you're doing I'm
warning loving what do you do oh the guy
you do dude I do it I've been watching
so you went to youtube and you YouTubed
how to install a bay window and you
ripped your own wall out yeah I have no
words for this one you go tonight I'm
done oh by the way any father with y'all
for women
so I'm gonna look for a contractor to
patch that up I know I want to be with
her know is by law by when they bother
$50
you know this rumor Azadi damage either
he always does this Bridget you haven't
seen it yet and the trailer and trail
would he just ripped out a wall for no
reason
never put it back up to good gig about a
year this one began about a full mutton
about I'm not doing this find somebody
to fix this
oh well no yeah let's just I'll get a
piece of plastic when I get it all
ripped out and I'll put Glasgow and came
to do it you see look knives I'm done
it's not dad
I really have a loss for words for this
oh I knew the frigerator dude for what
I'm gonna blast order net no you're I
think I got all galleries are they know
we need a glass door going to the other
side my boobies fine with the kitchen
sink in the middle now you keep saying
no you better save I know I said it now
are you going
so I have no words for this right here
what what are you doing
he's waving get out of there go come on
am i right here go back in it the
winners go push up that's going down
that's going at this all coming out let
me hire someone to do this what are you
doing what are you doing oh my god he
like ripping the freaking barn things on
the window stop it why are you stopping
me you've lost it he's lost it I'm gonna
look to our contractor right now you're
looking for one move what is it again if
you wasn't bad you've got to stop it
that one then bow you do it my lady what
I want my own house I've done it what
this is what you want to over the bay
with it and you ain't gonna stop yours -
trying to stop you ain't gon stop I
would do it anyway there's me I'll get
my change honk Oh who's okay I'm sorry I
let you do that no every window let me
find somebody man y'all ain't no fun
what is fun about this I'm looking for a
contractor no you don't know what you're
doing I'll call it boys he's bringing in
so good I don't think it well it's too
close to the other wall why would the
bay window go there yeah why do you
suppose to take this out
not the wall where's the wall gonna do
you wrong I want to go YouTube hit what
would go here don't listen to the guy on
YouTube realest would go all the way up
yeah man I'm cattle to both sides this
is gonna look so bad
you like ruined your house I um what
does
we're leaving grandpa's house right now
uh-huh I just have to straight up say
you know I'm real happy we're leaving I
was starting to feel really hot and I
felt like I was gonna have a panic okay
it's 6 where it was bad in there uh
I'm pastor
he destroyed his freakin wall okay it's
like we can call a contractor but what
if he tells the guy to leave so we were
going to do the McDonald's video and I'm
leaving now it can't be in the house
anymore
uh it's a lot more than he just
destroyed the wall because he wants it
that look that's another time dad
destroyed his frickin wall so why does
it stink so bad in here
okay you're just in a bad mood because
you're deaf okay okay you're just like
acting all bad cuz you're recording oh
yeah I'm mad about dad ripping okay
it does stink in here you know what why
don't you say cuz I'm in it don't you
it's cuz your hip intake I really didn't
do long are we keeping the footage of
dad's wall I don't know I don't know
because I'm gonna know what I can say
here yeah dad's wall got ripped out you
saw it
it's been ripped out like a freakin
Wolverine like he like he took Freddy
Krueger claws and just ripped okay so
you saw it I'm very angry
I left couldn't do the McDonald's video
because of it I had to get out of there
I'm gonna I'm gonna figure all that I
don't know what's happening right now
I'm very mad I'm trying to stay calm so
anyway you probably feel better if you
weren't a mistake room like it stinks in
hey it's fine I'll I'll be up when I get
out okay I'll just stay here and smell
my vinegar all right I'm just about yeah
mess is there any Lube in here is that
why you're in here
well that's gonna be it for today you
guys thanks for watching today did not
go as planned I wanted to do the
McDonald's video and dad's wall got
ripped out I have no words
so anyway I'm gonna get out of here
thanks for watching you guys very
frustrated right now
trying really hard to keep composure
very angry in every car
tractor I'm trying to find won't answer
because it's late okay I'll let you guys
know about the McDonald's video tomorrow
I'm gonna get out of here thanks for
watching
I was gonna say a good day but it's kind
of a horrible day ah thanks watching
like subscribe you want to just prop
puck perk what's I don't know me you
mean you okay let's just cut all this
Michael that's gonna be a free day guys
thanks for watching great day I'm gonna
get out of here thanks for watching like
subscribe I'm being frickin fake happy
now short right I was like subscribe
you're like Bing like monotone Jake I'm
so yeah show
subscribe let's be happy okay like
subscribe favorite if we doing it it's a
favorite fun everything that's it no no
that's it we're diverse you got me yeah
goodnight let's go Joe now you're pretty
gross to leave your diapers I'm not
doing what was that
