what's going on you guys blurry hold on
oh shit and blur on my face hey guys I'm
bored what's going on you guys can't be
on a camera here vigil is he Yeah right
there and today is Tuesday and today Oh
for god sakes let me talk whines in this
house they don't talking but it's
because our mouth is filled with cracker
oh she's walking away yeah I'm sorry you
can't do the whole I got crackers hold
on what's going on you guys get behind
camcorder here yeah right there today is
Tuesday and today you got to leave me
something
today is Tuesday and today yeah this is
the last bridge is the last time we're
trying this intro okay
today is Tuesday you're so funny
I'm not trying to be funny I'm mad at
you so oh yeah I know of course not
today is Tuesday and today we were
supposed to be going over to Grandpa's
house for the McDonald's McChicken video
I'm gonna talk to you guys about that in
just a minute I can't go over today I'm
gonna go over tomorrow but I'm gonna
we're gonna do the video still you guys
click like you want to see it we're
doing it anyway it's going to freak he's
not gonna like it now anyway I'm gonna
get to that just a minute but anyway
let's get this Tuesday started nothing
there's nothing happening there counting
to style huh I want to watch that
tonight would you two say conjuring to
yeah I did something just accounting to
it well it's time for pro wrestling
great and I haven't opened one of these
on camera and month because they always
suck where is horrible och I don't know
I'll look into that that's a good
question - whore block where's my horror
block so anyway cord blah I heard it
burnt you I didn't think it was funny
when you said I move past battle quick
you know you're making me mad so you
know why I'm getting real God Davis
ticking okay whore block
okay can I do my thing now I'm sorry
okay
rude okay so tiny little crate oh right
that's mine okay yeah there's not much
they never share this right so we're
gonna go ahead and go through this I
barely get anything in these so let's go
into the shorter side oh my gosh is that
it huh oh this book okay we got a foam
finger boston crabs okay I've always
wanted a foam finger well now you got
one cool hey you're hurting this is not
a dog toy I'm serious I have always
wanted all these dogs are not gonna let
me have this this is my foam finger no
Bella no so yeah we got a bossing crap
foam finger okay right here these are
after the mandible claw breath mints so
in wrestling mankind has a movement
called the mandible claw and he gets mr.
Socko it's a filthy sock and he shoves
it down your throat these are the mints
you would take after you take that dirty
sock in your hello mr. Socko okay this
is a vinyl coaster for Shawn Michaels
huh that's pretty cool a coaster I don't
use coasters this is like a vinyl decal
think it's for your car it's like I
don't if you can really see it does it
show up on camera very well maybe if I
show this side No whatever it's like
it's just a white piece of paper guys
here we go oh so it's like the theory of
evolution turned into wrestling can I go
in the fridge yeah cuz it I guess huh
I'll put on fresh yeah yeah right here
yeah that's really good okay ah that's
our theory of rebel evolution okay
uh-huh
finisher 65 years in the making it's a
fake movie pace fake movie poster for
Randy Orton
Jurassic Park straight out of nowhere
that's pretty cool that is cool
finisher 65 years and 65 million years
in the making
okay now we got all that let's look at
the shirt it's gray so I won't be
wearing it okay
splash 450 it works every time it's a
450 splasher
actually like that shirt so there we go
we have the 450 splash shirt we got the
vinyl coaster
we got the freaking foam finger we give
you the finger
we got the mandible claw mints we got
the stick we got it was a whole bunch of
shit in this box today actually for one
so I don't know how he did it
this won't they actually squeeze some
stuff in here because last month was
like a pair of glasses like a five BT
third last month's away yeah I'm sure
yeah thing is straight into the garbage
so there we go
wrestle crate or was it pro wrestling
produce I didn't throw you in the
garbage this month
can I please have that finger back
thanks we want a freaking foam finger oh
you know I get someone girls go TVs stop
it it's what the dogs would rip right
off your hands oh hey guys so yesterday
I told you guys to click like if you
wanted me to go get grandpa McChicken
and told him that the guy who had sex
with I was double handed it the guy who
had sex with his McChicken I would tell
Dad that he made the McChicken I was
gonna I was gonna go over to grandpa's
house today and then grandpa calls me
this morning it tells me I'm in Columbia
Mike I wanted to go to chrome which for
some popcorn there's this little place
called Cromer's up in Columbia and they
sell like popcorn and cotton candy and I
don't know why could we just go to the
movies
you drove a hundred miles for popcorn
now I can't do the video today oh my
gosh so anyway I'm gonna happen tomorrow
yes so we're gonna do the video tomorrow
grandpa's getting the McChicken so
Bridget just let me know and I had no
clue until just now that the other day
when I filmed the video when I burned my
arm on grandpa's pot during the egg
salad shit that it left a mark was it
evident oh yeah it's definitely there
this sucks man that's crazy when it wash
off no I feel like you should take a
shower though so you can clean it man
what my foot how's it looking oh wow
yeah you definitely need to put that
what are you saying you need to put that
in some hot water what are you saying
I'm saying you should put it in some
okay guys so Michael was taking a shower
and I decided to prank him
bring it yeah
oh nothing
Oh God what go ahead
what you're pranking me on yeah just
throw it on me already
I have nothing to throw yours check in
on you your Bridget you got it you never
come in here to camera let's just doing
something that's not true
I just want was it love no what I'm just
vlogging I was checking on you okay
so what's the point of vlogging while
I'm taking a shower loser do something
I'm not doing anything to you you're
obviously no I'm not it oh that's what
it was
there it is our diapers you you got me
yeah you were dying for hasn't it good
come on let's go Joe now you're pretty
gross to leave your diapers I do not do
it what was that um you're said I did
not shit in a diaper thank you what the
fuck was it smells funny it was your
shit that's bullshit Ruggiero did you
share a diaper though it's yours you
shit in a day for to make you moving I
shit diapers no it's yours
Wow babe Wow
stuffin I know it was pretty gross what
whatever fuck bitch okay what is this
Bridget
Michael its cat shit disgusting what
just go
it's caption no it's not I like oatmeal
in it it's like a three Nova bar or
something oh my god you melt a granola
bar on a diaper yeah and you have really
lost it babe is just a toe oh why does
he spend hanging out there I said
dropping that's great girl
I got a mint Thank You Bridget you get
your laughs yes ah yeah yeah did you get
yours would be pranked into thinking
here your foot was really badly ii think
you've died in it because of that
yeah I'm not done you I have to get a
thumbnail just get it well I mean well
you know we took it down yeah just you
fight no for a thumb now you know just
just grab it I'm not touching it do you
want to somehow or not
oh oh it's just a prank it was so small
um that's a stupid thumbnail what am I
supposed to do please open it up no see
it no what is that
the granola bar yeah and those candies
you got on the Eric the caramel that's
what I'm seeing
you got your thumbnail I think wait now
at night this is bullsh I gotta keep my
face in a diaper dude there you go huh
ah they were gonna tell you something I
got that diaper from the trash you bury
joking dude I'm not joking
I'm gonna throw it at you don't do that
I'll put my face in this I'll put my
face - somebody's diaper I'm not joking
purchase Oh gross face with somebody's
diaper I'm gonna flip it off Sookie had
my face in a diaper was it chocolate it
was chocolate good it's just a prank
so now I see everything she had to work
with for her poo diaper let's see here
she used peanut chews a granola bar and
some melted ice cream from the sink and
do not ask why we have melted ice cream
and our sink with this yeah let's go
ahead and clean that out
yeah there's melted ice illicits gross
it's ice cream people okay
it's sugar and milk I've been trying
hard not to prank her because she always
comes ten times harder back on me
click like to fuel me to prank Bridget
and I'm gonna prank her I'm gonna try to
get dad's help on it we go we're gonna
have to come together a pranker I wanted
to be nice and not prank on her birthday
she's brewing that she's done click like
if you want me to prank her me and
Grandpa are gonna work together on this
and ignore that plate that's what she
made her diaper magic well that's gonna
be it for today guys thanks for watching
you got me
no no you don't this chair look is
fighting no I don't stay well now I know
anyway that's gonna be a pretty day you
guys you got me you made everybody think
of wear diapers will poo in it ain't
done you gotta be done I'm not dying any
crime that's fine remember click like if
you want me to prank bridges oh come on
oh you just said just why are you
already dead and I'm gonna prank you
about 10 more times so anyway thanks for
watching you guys like subscribe
favorite mama everything for jaws and
that's it guys
this new site hey open lean forward open
close close tight there you go just like
that
