what's going on you guys kid behind the
camera here
Yeah right there and today there's no
plans nobody's going to any kind of
appointments or dentist oh my gosh
michael has to get a temporary what does
that mean I thought it was over after
today no you have to get a permanent
after God okay you told me last night
this is the last appointment yeah and
then I realize they have to mold Oh
today is Monday and today my class to go
the dentist's I don't want to talk about
it anymore today is Monday and today I'm
not going yes you always don't make them
scared I have to leave in 15 minutes you
know all right
trust your teeth and then we'll go oh
well you do see the video we put up
yesterday grandpa ruin bridges birthday
party you freaked out he threw pots now
I gotta go get ready for the dentist
this intro is cut short and that's fine
with me words but I'm getting payback
for this how this is helping you out so
you can keep soup dill if you can't tell
from yesterday I cleaned the kitchen
ah what was it you it was me no okay
we're gonna be honest tell how it is
your mom cleaned the kitchen it was my
mom yeah we went to the gas phase over
for dog food and then she cleaned and it
was wonderful and magnificent oh trying
to take her credit for some strange
reason but mom thank you okay we're
cutting this part of the vlog if you
guys can't tell I cleared the kitchen I
did you can't tell I solely and
responsible for cleaning the kitchen no
it was me
then fucking Oh Cindy Schiff it's me if
you guys can't tell I clean it you know
why I thank Cindy if you guys can't tell
I clean the kitchen yes I did yes give
me on the fucking garage yes can't tell
though Bridget has a bag of cocaine shoe
extra hey yeah Jesus Bridget what is
that
it's powdered sugar oh okay what else
would it be
cocaine now what I don't know that
really expensive huh okay Britney this
really cocaine addicts in here how much
with this Cup hey sue anybody know how
much this would be if it was actual
cocaine 100 bucks you know I'm gonna go
ahead and say like ten thousand ten core
oh I'm never doing it is how you know
you don't brush when you're opening the
toothbrush for the first guys we got
that like how about two weeks ago maybe
so damn what Taylor man no wonder so all
the way to the dentist why not have
anything to clean my mouth out with use
a frickin mouthwash Cup stay on you're
so mean how am I mean all I asked was
politely you find something rinse my
mouth off no cute what you're so cute
Jesus now let me say something like that
you get my permission how much so that
have that shatter just then when I threw
it here we go on the way to the dentist
or I'm gonna make you a one-time offer
okay if we don't have to go to the
dentist we're gonna haul chop house no
you're going for the dentist okay we
don't learn Dennis I'll give you ten
thousand in cash you don't think you
have it Bridget I don't want to do it
Dennis you going this is gonna hurt it's
gonna be very brutal as bad as last time
worse how you feeling baby
can't talking so I guess right now
they're just not really sure you ever
feel like that what they're doing
I think ok so then with a crown I don't
what hmm
you know what I remember you now yeah
angry grandpa guy hmm I went and
actually started watching the video
after you left and I was like what
welcome back
so first I feel like I'm talking out
loud
did it hurt you okay oh fuck okay okay
did it hurt it good
that's just like that yeah
the other screws tight Hey open
lean forward open close close tight
there you go just like that okay
Oh
yeah
handsome Ben you okay though she's
working the last time are you serious
it's not supposed to hurt I need uh okay
first things first I'm gonna need
Wendy's Taco Bell and maybe babe if it
hurts so bad or is it this will help me
I need Wendy's I want to bacon eight
overs no mayonnaise maker I don't think
no you need to get stupid it hurts up
I'd feel a lot better
yes I need okay okay
what so doesn't hurt no at all I went
there torture should I just get a
Baconator no may I really want to bacon
either eyes just stink because I don't
know Bella's been squishing around her
anal glands what what yeah I be so just
now I was talking to Bridget and I told
her of a new idea that I have Oh guys
I'm so excited
well we don't know if we're doing it yet
no might go overdoing I'm gonna ask them
if they want to see it oh okay I'm not
gonna give them the full idea I'm not
gonna go in the Freudian but yesterday
all day trending on Twitter was a video
of a guy yeah how do I put this jerking
off okay you just want to go explicit he
was jerking off with a big chicken
sandwich I was trying to build up a
moment we're just gotta go charging off
yeah he was jerking off with them he was
masturbating with the McChicken and it
gave me an idea for a prank on grandpa
and a lot of you could probably see
where I'm going with this what if
grandpa happened to think the guy in the
video made his McChicken oh my gosh
click like if you lost a prank grandpa
and I will do it tomorrow click like
angry grandpa painted McChicken price oh
my
hey Dad this guy major McChicken by the
way while he's eating one so click like
if he wants to do it I will do it
dad's already dad's already pissed off I
feel like he's on the verge of blowing
soon I know he's like so unhappy
this would happen you guys have probably
noticed in the videos he'll short little
blow ups and then a big blow so click
like if you want grandpa to eat a
McChicken and I'll show Mom I like it
for sure I'm liking it too I do not want
to have to go back and three weeks ooh
do you have to please don't make me
you're going why are you talking to me
like this cuz you have to go I hate the
dentist I'm done with them you know what
laughing oh maybe you should just brush
your teeth oh so that's how this is
gonna be yes you and I told y'all don't
start trying to brush if you brush your
teeth every single day so you guys I'm
officially swearing off all dentistry
for the rest of my life no you have oh
this is not fair I hate the dentist yeah
it's no no this is not called a pickle
baby vlog either I yes I know you you're
gonna you gonna call pickle baby cuz of
the dentist pickle baby hates the does
stone do another pickle baby you're not
a baby you are a pickle baby by the way
I saw that thing you retweeted someone
posed in a picture me looking like a
baby it was so funny oh my gosh guys
check this out
it's dead the funny about this I'm not
pickle baby baby I you are totally
pickles so guys I'm not going to the
dentist yes you are
no not yeah you are never if you don't
what happens
you are totally pickle baby Bridget mrs.
gone workers song you were fun you were
just fun no was it yeah you were I was
not what can I get for you something to
drink
what do you want anything okay hurry
hold on you sit up what are you doing
sitting up if you screw with my bed
settings it's already screwed up get my
drink dude I want
so I don't want eww
Michael I'm not drinking it then you
have the sprite there's been there for
like two days
I require coke here was the regular coke
come here follow me snacks here
baked goldfish a smart thing of those
for all's here in the cabinet Oh guys I
need a break
chief major here okay
Michael you're not sick I swear to God I
guess for something goes down yes or
bloodstains on my damn pillow you are
you doing stop this I'm gonna trouble
the Go Fish calling me out
yes what are you doing man you'll find
out oh I'm gonna snap this joke is
taking a whole lot longer to land that
is needed
hi I don't care I'm telling you to stand
of it and nothing Bad's gonna happen I'm
saying it oh shit like a co I grabbed it
fine thank you
what's the one on this thing this Liz go
ahead it fuck it off forever
stop this alright I'm sorry
oh yeah oh yeah I was faking it please
put it down
really yeah I'm sorry is this
holy crap so cool I need help okay oh my
god would backfire Oh Michael let me out
you really can't get out of no right now
okay fine
I did want to take a quick moment in
this vlog to talk about gene Wilder uh
if you don't know who Gene Wilder is he
played Willy Wonka in the Willy Wonka
movies Willy Wonka Chocolate Factory and
coincidentally yesterday uh
in the vlog I did the whole you stole
fizzy lifting drinks you bumped into
this thing I did that whole thing with
dad and he actually got pissed off and
he broke shit and showed his ass dude oh
my gosh he totally over he overreacted
but coincidentally uh the guy died today
so I just want to take him over to say
rest in peace to gene Wilder you were a
genius you know after we did the vlog
yesterday Bridget and I came home we
watched Willy Wonka and we watch Young
Frankenstein so gene I hope you're at
peace now man you know I didn't know you
had Alzheimer's apparently you know you
didn't want anybody to know but you know
I hope you're a better place and the
world is the worst place without him
Gene Wilder was a genius so rest in
peace well that's gonna be a fair day of
guys thanks for watching I feel better I
was only messing with bread too earlier
don't worry you got are you trying to
like give me a workout because that's
how it felt like listen bridge that's
not what I was doing but you know I'm
gonna get out of here thanks for
watching you always see the worst in man
just me
I'm not pickle baby here is so peppy I'm
gonna get out of here thanks for
watching you guys I went to the dentist
that was it
click like if you wants to do that
chicken video what why oh my god what
why you fucking with me can't do it no
more I just can't I'll have an Emmy I'm
sorry like subscribe favorite fun
everything rich it was and that's it
that'll calm you alright good lucky
enough to smoke already so why are you
so pissed when you're going around fish
I did not tell you that as a joke
