what's going on you guys kick me out a
camera here for juicy yeah right there
and today yeah is extended birthday for
Bridget today is Bridget's birthday
party at angry ground pause no presence
but you are he is gonna be making grant
look how your grandma he is gonna make
grandma uh some KFC chicken I'm not
grandma it was a joke
Oh Graham Wow hopefully I get there in
time to show grandpa making the KFC
chicken
we found a recipe online I guess
somebody from the KFC family leaked the
11 herbs and spices
so we're gonna make KFC chicken for
Bridget's birthday either way how much
shows eat so oh my gosh I'm so excited I
don't understand what your dad is doing
this like does he like me or something I
told you last night he feels bad he
missed your birthday that means he
actually has some sort of love for me
though he feels bad it's probably
respect for me he has no respect for you
the point is I what is what's the real
deal here I may be something poisonous
or just you bridget is Joe special okay
the plate you make I'm gonna have and
then split I mean you've know me your
daughter no but if you takes it anyway
forget it
I'm cutting the intro short if you
didn't see the video we uploaded
yesterday angry grandpa made egg salad
and it was repulsive it stunk - I'm
still thinking about it like it was
mayonnaise salad if you want to see it
check the link below it's also gonna be
at the end of the video check it out
get ready buckle in I don't know why
you're buckling it's not gonna be a
bumpy ride it will be a pretty smooth
vlog but anyway I don't know I told her
to buckle in I don't know anyway forget
it let's get this sundae started Bridge
birch is over sigh oh no birthday stuff
when's the end of the month um the 31st
what's today uh like the 28th when do I
go to the dentist tomorrow
no well before we go to Grandpa's house
I wanted to show the mess that I created
making the friggin macaroni so have a
look mess this shit is freaking
everywhere and Bridget's gonna be the
one to clean it
this is some extended birthday however I
made this I made my image this mac and
cheese I made the dirt and I gotta clean
I'm not gonna have you take credit for
what I just did
so babe I look at me Oh
anyway you know it's cuz of you you
popped it yeah and now I'm tragic
perfect yeah say that while I'm touching
the macaroni I wash my hand
no no yes moving out liar
look at my nails they're not as filthy
so usually it doesn't matter cuz I made
it I made it so this is Bridget's mom's
macaroni and cheese recipe let me know
in the comments if I've made it before
and if I have it let me know if you want
me to make it I don't remember if you
did or not I don't know I feel like I
have it I kind of feel like it look at
us extra cheese that's my bite it's a
good bite
I know I open it Bridget about you up my
impression of daph when we were kids who
in my goddamn teeth no honey
I'm just kidding actually you closed
before no cookies dad lazy took it
bloody cheese and I made a dessert I'm
tired Bridget oh my god with the milk Oh
guys okay I'm a loser okay give it no
one so I just clean at least Cindy made
this for bridges dessert for her
birthday and I decided to make one
myself
so if you want know what it is it's
whipped cream cream cheese vanilla
pudding and cookies and butter and
powdered sugar and milk boom but oh my
god that's a birthday I got nothing
oh god I tried to cover with this is
clear bucket well I got the grandpas and
he
you're cooking some chicken so I got
uncle don't you gotta bring your atoms
down ease off you said it was a test
piece so we got this wow it looks like
it but it's going in here so you found
the recipe no yeah well I don't know
well it okay there's this pose how good
what you gave it to me there's a post
trending where one of the Colonel's
Matthews accidentally showed a picture
of the recipe so that's what we're
trying today now we're trying to master
the cook prep that's the method the
method so you oh and by the way last
week was Bridget birthday and I forgot
so that's why I'm do it's my Gooch old
picture bouquet
let's show the cake dad brought from
Ridgid sleeper this Bridget it's so
adorable the princess so he got a
princess
hey it's so cute and so pretty here well
her little tiara
happy birthday Bridget thank you thank
you thank you did you vote for Boyd Wow
hello Bridget you got a special message
on here oh that is so cute Happy
Birthday Princess
so we got a birthday dinner going on for
bridges birthday and got the step of
butter beans got a snap tater Gotham
tater salad
I made some macaroni because of rose I'm
excited oh she was Bridget birthday
every day me too me too
hello yeah all right we given dad's
first test a try
it tastes like it yeah it does it does
it's going on oh it just made my mouth
water your mind - buona sera watery did
it ha ha ha it's good but new we got a
big wat jump ah yes it's falling apart
man let me push it it's very good let's
possible it's pretty good man
very nice dance brother we did you
couldn't get the track him fast enough
what was nasty it was like sludge then
you try to try to do it with the draft
with the with it oil and put it in there
all all the all the dressing is shit
came off it is like slides and yeah bro
that's good but in the Navy era I took
it off circus end hey hey you're they
don't want now you do waving me over
wish be a little fairy here you go you
won't place in her hair with icing on it
ha ha do it but that's got icing in it
oh and when you go wrong over here has
some bling Queen bling happy
this is crazy when did you get this dad
what when did you get this fish tank
totally trapped in it
oh so grandpa got some fish little fish
tank and before anybody asks no it's not
gonna be destroyed no this is our thing
with like oh this is that said one of
the things people always ask how long
for grandpa love stories yeah that's not
getting destroyed he's gonna sit here
and drink his coffee and watch this see
that's Tony right up there white and
black once Tony dad what'd you call
yours Big Joe Big Joe this Batman down
there and black and white 1-4 yeah the
dark black and white ones Deadpool that
one Stoney the Deadpool runner some 100
last week I told you guys oh I want that
for my birthday
okay I told you guys to click like if
you wanted me to do the Willy Wonka
thing to Grandpa you'll get nothing so
I'm gonna do it this is bridges birthday
gift HS let's do it let's piss off
grandpa so talk to you out something
what a hold on you stole fizzy lifting
drink you bumped into the ceiling which
now has to be washed and sterilized so
you get nothing
I ain't nothing you lose I did you tell
it good day sir perucho
I said
that brother yeah you stole what are you
John arresting drink what are you
talking about
you bumped into the ceiling which now
has to be washed and sterilized so you
get nothing evil no god damn she was
nowhere to you loser lose what good day
sir get it is that good day sir good eye
we love you stole busy laughing drink up
Oh God
don't use God's here people knock you on
your goddamn ass you bumped it is on
your guardian fees I'll fuckin fuck this
high you got your harness come on off us
that'll calm you up all right
you still owe me I don't ya think
I know got you a chair I'm not a guy
you're gay help me it's really Wonka I
Love You God has known as the undead
it's the Wonka scene you still get it
call me a goddamn pig I'll beat you a
joke I seen you stole fizzy lifting
drink call me a good bump into life on
your guy at night okay dad it's just
hoochie cause I ain't fun in the goddamn
Nana it's a joke
no you're a guy can't go call me anxiety
isn't even a liar I can't do it usually
hit me
goddamn like on your leg and call me a
pig I'll steal you drank fizzy lifting
turn i jo Josh yeah okay oh my dad I'm
sorry
yeah dad has been dumping all the
garbage inside one pot
breeze look at this shit no one can I
made my label I made me a plain bottom
of my place in the microwave all right
hey please are you dumping a gummy worm
in mashed potatoes oh my god dad what
the hell you loser yeah
I just did it through him say you stole
fizzy lifting drink
you stole fizzy lifting drink now it's a
joke it's just it's out oh my god dad
oh you've got it pal members I know he
didn't see his legs he doesn't
understand have you never seen Willy
Wonka the Chocolate Factory know what
kiss shit well in the movie they stole
fizzy lifting drink and they flooded to
the ceiling my dad loved buggabugga
that's a good question you like created
some sort of toxic waste it's bubbling
yeah I know where do the whole thing is
on there Bob like some science
experiment we're in trouble
okay that's weird
that you've got yeah that was such a
good shot all you three are curiously
looking seriously though you see poke
around in the pot shut up fucking shit
done can be viewed up god damn house god
damn digit you wouldn't even help every
goddamn in any way you you all now I'm
gonna ask you five minutes are going to
be a bigger theme I asked you you called
me a liar
here I'll do it okay then oh my waiting
yeah I asked you if you want to help you
said no I got a plan no you're gonna
call me a liar on a Pete it's a joke
that's still on my mind
that's from Willy Wonka no I thought I
really really want you here I'm gonna do
the vicious good good but God can't do
not those motherfuckers you think why
are you so pissed
could you go any louder I gotta get fish
I did not call you that as a joke
you're we're not for your standing I
need to get off your line so dad was not
do I need to show you the scene no I was
interview now now you get out here I'm
gonna leave turn that goddamn thing
you just gotta give under that's only
ago I did not
are you still here yeah I'm still here
you just look shit all over the floor
Thank You minima got it out now
I'll get it you could die out here why
are you so pissed
could you call me a lot I did not tell
you this okay dad I didn't call you a
lawyer
did you guys down and dance on your
laughing I just don't even worry about
it Danny and I know T do you remember
the scene from Willy Wonka the you stole
fizzy lifting drink scene how do you
give any bigger games begin movie came
out of the fucking movie
it came out of the 70 yeah I love some
70 for you I'm almost 70 years old I
feel put my foot up your ass
okay no you're not almost 70 I'll sell
you sick - sick
that's not 170 what closer than you are
you goddamn L got another word for
Guinea is
oh right old bridge's cake yeah right on
the cake
haha you proud ears oh yeah he threw all
those fucking pots and shit down all
right oh it's things most the fucking
cake away now oh my god eating the
frosting about the milkman I'm back in
molecular base please a heart again will
you watch the thing with me now I'm
gonna throw that you can know why stays
in there damn well we're home and before
I got out of here tonight for me to be
out row I wanted to show you guys the
kitchen and if the lighting is a little
screwed up excuse me this is again what
happens when I film under fluorescent
lighting it's the kitchen lights but
anyway I clean the kitchen spotless I
want you guys to see it yep I like Bella
grandpa ruined Mama's birthday he farted
on her cake and he slammed food around
all because nobody would this he didn't
talk to me for this sake Bella hey Bella
that's not yours this is exactly what
happened after Father's Day this year if
you don't remember on Father's Day dad
sort of cleaning up the kitchen by
himself and nobody was helping I'm this
because he's too impatient he needs it
now it's rare we go whenever he got
pissed off at Father's Day nobody helped
him I left and we didn't talk for three
weeks so I didn't want that to happen
this time sorry I brought it up right
there what's your problem and that's
when he started bitching so hopefully it
doesn't take another three weeks to
resolve this time he gets impatient he
cooked all the food for bridges birthday
and then when he was ready to clean he
cleaned it nobody helped him and he
flipped so he ruined her party but
that's gonna be it for today guys thanks
for watching
sorry roons birthday party
wanted to fartin the cake he farted on
the cake you guys notice her pulse of
farted on the cake he threw us out of
the house afterwards I started recording
it is what it is I can't talk today all
because of the fucking Willy Wonka thing
he didn't like it that's a joke Jesus
so I told you guys I would do it I did
it that's not the reaction I expected
but he flipped out so when you I'm gonna
get out of here thanks for watching you
guys
we'll figure out a way to make your day
better thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe favorite fun everything fedora
and that's it
and it does go line and you're saying
okay boy up Oh
