fuck over here bitch okay we're losing
battery what's going on okay you ready
fucking Pez I can't keep run of this
what's going on you guys he's serious
with this card why are you laughing
right now guys we were just in a fight
it's hard to keep our nice face camera
what she's right we were getting where
to fight yourself we used to we were
yelling at each other
yeah like oh we gotta log what's going I
mean if you keep some of that they can
actually hear it
so okay what's going on you guys
Kevin got a camera here when a great
relationship tip you got it great not
gonna break up at all relationship vigil
is here madly in love with my man right
okay I only use sarcasm
today is Saturday and today we're going
over to grandpa's house because he wants
to make me a recipe for grandpa's corner
egg salad
we haven't done a grandpa's corner video
in a little bit because of the New York
TripIt so today I don't forget I
uploaded today or tomorrow but grandpa's
corner getting a cooking video honestly
egg salad salad but he's just so much
mayonnaise mayonnaise
it's Annamayya salad it's like soup it's
like were you gonna all agree that the
ask if you want soup or salad he's
getting you both make soup it's awful
okay this is disgusting my foot mani
today we're going to grandpa's today
he's cooking today as Saturday forget it
let's get the day started today we're
not fighting style not anymore we're not
are we're about to don't give that smart
look spending a bitch I'm firing Punk
I'm not sorry you're such a bitch
I'm cover your diapers in your bed stop
if you guys are wondering why we were
just arguing
buh-buh-buh yeah I want to tell Ella I
got pissed off a bridge because she
finished off the last of the dirt which
was her birthday cake and I say it out
loud saying it out loud I realize I'm in
the wrong gear that's a piece of shit
her mom made her dirt it's like cream
cheese and pudding with Oreos and I
wanted something she polished it off
this was the pan of dirt yeah and I am
Bridget had this much oh my god this
little sliver here oh it was good I can
make you more on we shouldn't be yelling
at me because I wanted a piece of the
pan no no okay I got mad for no reason I
believe you huh I said I was sorry more
than an apology what do you want I don't
know let's go upstairs okay we're done
that had to be our longest session yeah
almost a full minute Wow what now we got
to go over to Grandpa's house compliment
so I'm good mmm okay right over so you
ruined a lot man now your house was like
egg salad it stinks so bad in here oh
good man Louise Brown my arm are you
okay yeah from this fucking pot oh my
god I don't get I go up Oberst look boy
sweet look oh I'm out here oh my god you
made Brigid leave so you want to be in
here anymore
good so why don't you get some pissed
oh god you made fun of my exile I didn't
make fun of those gay funny oh grandma
no I did not
G nothing on you right now
keep that boy I was gagging cuz I told
you I don't like eggs or mayonnaise
alright he'll get why would she get me
you don't bother better in town I did
not I really that was hers now hurry
I remember her having a different recipe
you talked me out of me she would have
got him if you called I didn't do
anything
are we solving dinner tomorrow
yeah I'm Adam to make salad now you said
you're gonna fruit and do like dinner
for Bridget for a birthday
I am so we still doing it yeah most
everyone do it well she wants potato
salad damn you you don't always get what
you want
hey Lynette you did it don't blame
anybody but yourself
who's cleaning whoa who fucking did it
who do you where's electro purse fuck
Topher's do you want to do a taste test
with me Oh what clear Pepsi no I ain't
telling you because of the egg salad how
about the favor I just burned myself
that make you feel better I burned the
fuck out of myself don't eat it you
you're a disgusting bad good hmm okay I
got this at least you're acknowledging
that is your mass yeah the time is my
death and you're gonna acknowledge that
it was for no reason no so you think it
was for a good reason
yeah because I didn't want to eat it
yeah two of the most things I hate most
in this world mayonnaise and eggs I
didn't want to eat on a sandwich you're
in New York I never you know egg salad
in New York no no I did not they give
you a corpsman sensei yeah you man
no I did not eat a corned beef sandwich
he gave me corned beef gift shop all
right why are you so mad
shut up why I told you God is my life
I'm gonna leave but I won't come back
goodbye go over egg salad
hope you're fuckin happy proud you're
proud right I assume you're proud of
yourself would you mind going away now I
do mind being again you made that man
you did this you would go begging this
is my house okay dub ja write down I
need your help
well okay I offer you don't accept you
don't want anyone ever help could you
ruin the hell are you doing yeah I don't
know how to take a mock of running
across egg salad
maybe not you don't you don't know how
that problem moo moo hey JC level of one
to ten how bad is this house take 10
yeah about ten Roger let me know you
want eggs out of town no I'll lady
telling ya yeah would you want egg salad
sandwich was watching school no I'll be
embarrassed open now I'll be embarrassed
thank you it stinks that usually notice
the stinky kid in school because you
gave a fucking sandwich with eggs
how'd that happen kid get it out you
know it will be like that you'll be like
I see one Uncle Buck where bacala Coco's
character takes out whatever the fuck it
was that he got them you know is anybody
interested in possible why can't y'all
jump beyond yeah nobody likes it oh my
god I'm using said that
yeah do you like it though you showing
bottles the best got her to provide
money
hey where did you hear laughs what just
now that ask Johnny if you like egg
salad he was not yours oh my gosh just
stick with ham and cheese are you gonna
get a roof you know with the vicar's dad
had all these big plans for lunch for
school that was someone getting up and
making them fried chicken tenders I've
done that give the white egg salad
ee they don't hey nothing gonna go
hungry
well if the lighting is screwed up
please excuse it we're filming under the
fluorescent lighting we went to the
store and then came home we just got
back from Grandpa's house and as you
know by the time you've seen this what
started off as a cooking video for
grandpa's corner
ended up being a video for the Inca
grandpa show channel because he freaked
out I think I almost puked in my mouth
he threw egg salad out of there no fun
it was utterly repulsive the video has
gone up on the angry grandpa show
channel if you haven't seen it check out
the link below guys check it I was very
funny his house stump really mad on me
left yeah it smells like fart eggs and a
stain it just smelled like sulfur it was
crowded it smelled like bridges pillow
so you know what
I'm joking you've been saying the whole
ride home that I stunt so I want to say
you stink for one yeah well you smell
like eggs I do not smell like eggs now
please I mean all it takes nope I've all
covered one I don't smell like eggs you
don't you're right
thank you I'll going for some sort of
like tank boy okay
it is time to 450 yeah you see let me
see
yeah I gotta see this that's like
practically fucking brutal
4:54 so we have this new piece of brand
home run and I always thought that was
like the cheap brand but this thing's
like 10 bucks so I'm gonna try it what's
the other one
chives oh shit the Panda
let's take a look at what a $10 frozen
pizza looks like man they better be
gourmet seriously damn I was the best
kind of a gourmet it looks pretty good
you're that that's pretty good this is
better than most person pieces I feel
like it's not like sure to cheese no
it's like precooked or something Wow
however my mom does it for maybe that's
why it's for 15 minutes for 50 plays
Pizza directly on middle rack well
that's what the frozen pizza comes out
like look pretty good
by the way this Holly guy was eaten it's
because I was here we go in a try oh
yeah cheese for the record they're not
paying me to say it but it's delicious
and to prove that I pay me you can go
fuck yourself company I hate you fuck
off fucking will well that's gonna be it
for today you guys thanks for watching
long day Wow pretty crazy that the video
started off going to be on a grandpa's
corner video and ended up being a main
channel video I know it just was not a
good day for anyone and and now that
things are good cuz how stinks by the
way sting I do not stay I want you keep
saying it
so anyway I'm gonna get out of here
thanks for watching you guys going over
grandpa's house tomorrow for a little
bit of party for Bridget a little
birthday party that is so sweet he's
actually doing that like I don't
understand why he forgot your birthday
oh I'm sure
appreciate that he forgot your birthday
that's why he was like where's he
birthday next week right but it was last
week oh shit so you got I got a big cook
cake so he feels bad and forgot your
birthday giving you a party tomorrow
that is so nice is you give me a gift
probably not wow I'm just kidding expect
the world so anyway I'm going spending
my birthday into August are you yes it's
been extended are you go this is so cool
thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe favorite and that's it let's
go ahh
I'm good oh yeah
