help me Michael no it's your present so
so you don't help me no it's fucking
heavy you got it you got this how they
know where to ship it I don't know
that's kind of weird there's really
nothing there
come on please
hey what is it babe
shit what is it - open it now Clem
you'll let me open it please it's my
gift
alright alright here we get inside okay
what is those let that aside okay put
that aside
oh the whole bunch things in this box
we'll play one more big thing okay hand
that to me what is the budget that's
okay those are the presents right are
they
oh you can open all you want me to put
this with it right now so I got my new
summer slim chair in oh yeah look at
Bridget there's nothing else in there I
was shipping the chair there's really
nothing there's those well what is that
birthday presents okay this all came
from the Statue of Liberty
really
oh my god I love it man what you asked
for
yes nose whoa thank you damn holy shit
and that nice yes the inside it I'm not
nice very nice that's a good one isn't
it I looked at the whole stores I hope
there it is how much it's not cheap I'm
not gonna tell you how much things were
I mean you spent way more money than me
on your birthday so I should do that
it's my gift
oh yeah here you go I'm sorry if I was
my moment oh yeah what do you do oh my
god God you have to make a goofy face
babe Oh
oh my god take the camera and film the
shit my gosh are you okay you grimy you
pushed me I didn't know push you you
tripped babe I told you I am very
violent when I'm tickled like all right
okay god damn it stop stop it
all right are you okay love no hat I
don't want to help up I feel I can't
beat a cold I cannot hear oh yeah well
right now I'm trying to give Burgess
something the first thing for our
birthday is I'm trying to clean the
house floor it was a wreck earlier as
you may have seen I'm still doing it but
this where I'm at right now and what I
don't know what the fuck that is
what Bridget I want to take a moment
before you wake up so you'll see it when
the vlog goes up tomorrow happy birthday
I don't like getting cheesy I don't like
doing this cheesy shit so I'm gonna get
it quick Bridget is the most important
person in my life thank you for always
being there for me and helping me mostly
put on my socks because let's be honest
I have a hard time putting on socks
every time I'm putting on socks I feel
my organs shutting down so thank you for
doing that for me
so happy birthday I'm really proud of
you for everything that you know you put
up with a lot of shit and my I just have
some sort of slime in my mouth and I
apologize for it ruining your birthday
moment but uh you put up with a lot of
shit and you smile about it and you take
it in stride so happy birthday I love
you my best friend and I'm embarrassing
what's going on you guys
gratuity
and today is my birthday and today I'm
gonna mess with my mom and my goal all
day today we're going shopping we're
going out to eat and I'm going to make
them think that today is really all
about me I can't wait to see what you
got me what I'm so excited
Bridget you're so sweet thank you is the
other chair I love you so much
Bridget what this is the chair from raw
oh oh you're trying to chick me with
your bad yeah Houston okay I'll do it
last night please I'm sorry it's just
sweet though it's the brawl chair I love
you okay drug gift yeah all yours oh my
god okay I hope you like it
I'm hoping it's everything he wanted
oh Jesus Bridget this is what happens
when you get my way opening stuff had
worth a thank you is your mom still
shitting oh you're gonna miss the chair
Cindi it's my birthday gift
she's taking a shit on your birthday I'm
selling it by the way since is mine you
want to sell it no I'm kidding so happy
birthday I got you this ring shower
chair you're so are you fucking with me
yes no but what I really actually want
for my birthday is a selfie stick and
light bulbs are you jumping for you very
ly what you want that's what I want
Cindy I'd like to go eat olive garden
sometime today she's taking a shit leave
her alone to bother us what I'm doing it
ever bothers me wash it we can hear you
in there no matter how silent you try to
be oh I just heard fart oh god why don't
you didn't you yes well right now we are
in a furniture store looking at couches
this is what Bridgette wanted to do I
really want a new couch during my
birthday and it's broaches birthday I
gotta do everything she says so we're
looking at couches so I think I picked
the perfect one but it's over there like
I got a walk to it oh my gosh Michael
what this this this
yes
yes it needs to be this one and we need
this couch
it's becchi Oh - I mean yeah the chair
okay it's comfortable yeah put the red
yeah
no I like that color more what the green
you don't really want that couch do you
well I could still look around but yeah
I do really like it you gotta be kidding
me dude Michael our new end tables
there's not an end tape ottoman no I'm
using them for an end table just joking
I'm not I really want that tell me
you're kidding with us know what even is
this thing it's a freaking night I mean
I don't know but I want it on when you
don't have one use an ecstasy is it
really a really this thing would crumble
in them yeah we need that it opens like
a storage thing see mom likes it it is
cute
you gotta jam okay I'm gonna go to the
car
so no look I'm trying to be supportive
here at your birthday bullshit but this
is crazy this thing what is this okay
I'm just kidding about this all right
liking how this is going hey I'm just
kidding about that ice fine I don't
think you are but fine Michael this ah I
want this
we're just bougie
babe I love it so much one loser
practically ugly mom this is not your
furniture all right your eyes are closed
yes okay oh my god what do you think I
hate it Michael what I really want the
Jean couch nice I really like the Jean
couch ever seen
I really like the Jean couch look this
is not a cool couch charge my phone
Wyatt USBs put the charge my phone no I
hate it
Jean couch camera talk mom you know I'm
kidding right
I hope so cuz this is not just love this
couch Michael what are you gonna get
from the mall yeah I wanna go shopping
I'm gonna get Yankee Candles accordingly
interstate
you're not going to the ball I want to
go to the ball we just hate I'm gonna go
show a pain which I asked you before we
want to be able on the world you want to
do anything yeah I want to go to the
ball when I was doing okay this is the
worst freakin birthday ever
are you freaking joking right now I'm
not I really want to go the ball
mom please turn around can cindy dropped
me off at home he go back Michael no I'm
too full or sit in the car while you
shop good this party sucks
thanks a lot what did I do
you know I got them all you said you had
a right now as it will be too full to go
to where afterwards I asked you before
they to the camera you're ruining my
birthday I don't give a shit
I told her okay I said before he went to
forget Olive Garden that we're not gonna
have you and your mommy get pulled over
turn around
mom say to the camera that you ruined my
birthday
why are you acting like this today I
really want to go the more so you want
everyone over walked enough you act like
a little baby bitch it's my birthday I
could do it oh my gosh okay
I don't give a fuck I fucking ate
Michael I'm joking no you're not I don't
want to go the mall heithir ah
Sydney what do you think she did supreme
I have no clue I feel like Malcolm dude
you guys are so sensitive
she's clearly having a meltdown over
Boston no I don't believe you dude I
think it's wrong you know I'm including
us in the vlog so you try to pretend
Michael I freakin let me know in the
comments do you think bridge was being
serious or divi she was bullshitting
Michael
I specifically turned this on just to
ask you what you're getting from the
mall knowing that we're not going you
turned it on whether you were being
bitch that you didn't film the whole
thing yeah I did okay it was all on you
okay get the camera out of my face
you've ruined your you've ruined my
birthday your birthday for me and
nothing to say
Michael I was kidding I'm falling asleep
what are you hearing pointing at me and
even guess I am let me sleep
god you're having a freaking meltdown I
was joking uh god I'm not like that well
right now Bridget is up in the front I'm
recording this Bridget is up the front
of the seat bitching I wanna see nine
long she wants to see this bullshit
can't believe her birthday and it looks
like a pile of shit so I'm recording you
wanna keep bitching hey I just really
want to see nine you don't really want
to see and I can't believe you oh god I
hate this car so I'm sitting here I just
got done editing together what I have
for the vlog and you were fucking with
but she was fucking with me I'm sorry
not really it wasn't that bad it's just
annoying all day you even like we didn't
even get the couch you went that far we
love we both love this couch she loved
it and she went as far as to not get it
just to prove her point just a basically
wasted your time you like pranked me all
day I pay you were being a bitch all day
tell you we went to Olive Garden and she
frickin chose what I was going to eat
yeah but I look at this what does
chicken con blockly potter know I want
you to get the stuffed mushrooms what
it's my birthday I get to choose your
meal I'm sorry
know what
this
yes I don't like mushrooms extender.you
and dishonor but you've created a
monster
mom it's my birthday
she's um getting sued I'm not getting
stopped closing up I'm begging keep
bossing me I will she's bossing me
around it's a boxing ring I'm not bossy
I'm just joking little bossy today by
the way if you're wondering what I got
from Olive Garden I got mushroom Cavs
and I was too pissed off the fucking
letter fell me honestly Michael maybe
you shouldn't have I don't know
made me scared you made me cry on your
New York that not a big deal yeah it is
I hate mushrooms and I ate mushroom caps
today and when I think about it I just
should not were numb they receive food
mushroom caps they were not don't even I
just said no wonder them why did I order
them yeah I don't know like you could
have actually ordered anything I thought
he is what you wanted it's your birthday
you I try to give you as much as I can
for your birthday and all day she's been
pretending like she wants to see this
bullshit cat movie nine lives it looks
good that was a joke right no I really
should go see that tonight you do know
there's there's no way you want to see
this fucking movie right I really want
to see it
move is shit viciously it's a fucking
cat sitting in a suit dude I can't do it
what do you want to see that or no god
no how I don't like you having a
birthday anymore Wow Wow well that's
gonna be a fair day guys thanks for
watching
long day Bridget made me think all day
that the day was completely about her
and she chose my freaking dinner and all
of garden and maybe think we were seeing
a bullshit movie and that I had to
choose bullshit couches for that okay it
is what it is I would have the absolute
worst taste if I picked that couch
no offense anyone complete it yeah if
you like that couch good for you yeah I
mean if you'd like you can eat tomato
soup and spill it nobody would know but
I don't like that couch so you like that
couch I liked and loved why don't we get
it I'm gonna go back yes for co-winner
okay it is it was so beautiful Michael
back to rooms to go it was gorgeous
whatever dude
it is what it is I'm gonna get out of
here thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe favorite thumb on everything
but it was and that I need a birthday
massage what I need a birthday massage
it's Nolita fucking anyone my back hurts
well it's gonna hurt whole hop I'm just
kidding I don't got no swag yeah you
don't yeah you know
Oh John my little hot what do you want
take it out you're gonna go back I bet
you guys got going Joey shut up oh come
on we got you now you can't miss me yeah
either God we haven't seen you in
program feel there goodbye oh hell no
now get out what you get this big TV how
do you good oh my god
all right now today you'll go
