what's going on you guys kid home behind
the camera here for Josie yeah right
there behind my boyfriend ooh I got
really confused there I was like I was
trying to do the logic on my head are
you behind me or beside anyway today is
Wednesday and today I'm home folks and
today we're gonna see grandpa today
we're gonna go see grandpa I hadn't seen
him in a week he hasn't taken my phone
calls he don't want to talk to me maybe
he's hiding his phone for days so he
don't want to talk to me that must be
grandpa highs on the top knee on this
trip you heard it when I prank call them
I didn't want to talk to me so I'm back
me and Bridget have chilled all day now
we're gonna go fucking see grandpa cuz I
meant ah I'm getting tired him not want
to talk to me
am I taking it too personal yeah what if
he's like sleeping or something okay
Bridget it's been days he don't fucking
respond by text busy Kobach vader and he
died ah it's so he don't want to talk
tomorrow is a really important day and I
want to talk about it gotta discuss it
what you thought I forgot tomorrow is
very important you guys it's Billy Ray
Cyrus's birthday I'm trying to do a real
thing here Wow tomorrow is August the
25th and the reason tomorrow is
important is because it's Thursday and
Thursday is very important to me it's
Bridget's birthday no don't remind me
Bridget it's your birthday tomorrow god
bless you tomorrow we're going to get
into bridges birthday stuff tomorrow but
today I'm home today we got stuff to
talk about today I got to go to
grandpa's today we're getting the vlog
started bridges birthday style now
that's tomorrow one of the things that I
do want to take the time to talk about
in this vlog is when I was on vacation
in New York my channel hit 1.5 million
oh my gosh Wow it's emits amazing that
you guys still watch us and
you know I don't have words for it it's
amazing we love you guys so much I was
actually at a next Ian Graham from
Grimm's toy show told me yeah you hit
one point five like what
seriously Wow one point five you guys
are fucking amazing thank you so much
for making us a part of your daily life
and if you don't please make us a part
of your daily life clean-up day just
know she be my friend please like me
thank you guys so much for making us a
part of your daily routine for those who
have and for you know for liking us and
hey for hating us I you know as a mother
I love the hey thank you guys so much
for everything you helped do for our
family because we would have any of this
without you so thank you guys
1.5 next up is to oh my gosh what should
we do for to we'll talk about that later
because first we got to get the anger
grandpa showed up three no don't don't
be allergic and Shaver are bad I was
really wish we could got up front
birthday so her birthday present could
have been oh I rock I would have been so
any kutiman ass that would have been ass
anyway thank you guys so much for 1.5 we
love you so much
well I'm home do you miss me I miss you
so much
did you miss vlogging I did guys I
missed you so much like I've been so
alone
you guys are my life did I tell you when
I was in New York I saw this like there
was this cute little dog walking down
the street yeah it was like it looks so
happy and it looked at me and sort of
barking are you serious like instant it
was always he was having the time of its
life and it saw me in flubbed that's a
door who knows I was like uh I'm sitting
here with my owner I love it here what
do you got
alright like that nose oh here we go oh
I'm just a dog I'm a define I love your
dog
that's what it's like dude you should
the smell of trash he's so cute happy in
the fuck but so funny so anyway we are
almost at Grandpa's house I got this big
bag of presents for him it's not a big
bag it's a bag - bag of presents have a
talk
dad hasn't really been answering my
phone calls as you heard when I prank
called him he didn't want to talk to me
this trap usually like you never talk to
me mad I made yeah this time he didn't
want to talk to me at all you know I
didn't tell you Michael it's been what
the whole summer we're cycling on a
school bus haha areas oh good John my
little pop what do you want a good hot
you're gonna go I'm back I'm bad you bad
now go I'm Tony self um
oh come on me now you uh you know you
didn't you didn't miss me yeah I did
yeah we haven't seen you in program see
all their goodbyes no hell no one's
about you know sooner Michael Brennan
get out
don't you get this big TV for your
business oh my god alright out of it
you'll go well no no forget it you oh
thanks no presents your purse you don't
get your present okay alright
I'm not leaving New York good come on
we miss you I brought you all this stuff
stuff anyway yeah you do wanna huh Oh
whatever look you go I'll go I'll go to
that bar you all this I think you need a
little happier
I know right new your ID nice asteroid
open up my metier it's a goddess of the
Statue of Liberty
that's New York City no what is it
really
hey I like that man I would like that
at the end why after ui5 conquer New
York I knew that right she didn't think
I knew of course that you are
firefighters my god oh it is oh man I
like that I'm sad you got a little Koga
Statue of Liberty's if I'm a simple man
now there's next ones are not of my
beliefs but I know dad's go ahead Obama
you're right but it's but you're right
they are getting smaller and smaller so
if they haven't seen it yet holy crap
Obama penny yeah and getting smaller
smaller smaller so I got dad the Obama
pin I got a few of them it says Obama's
penny and it keeps getting sun blower it
doesn't want on blur and getting smaller
smaller and smaller and that's the truth
I appreciate that Michael so bright dad
grandpa some still from good ol NYC
you'll like it
oh how you do that without you how do
you get opinion I don't know it's so
cool
I can't forgot to get the P in there
well my vacations over
and I'm back you could going back again
yeah next year you could going tone
record in no I got no more points told
next Brussels mania yeah right Lucy
where else would I go
I don't know you figure something he's
trying he's trying to get rid of me
Bridget's what I feel like
Oh Michael stay I miss you I'll get rest
you've been sleeping us all trouble very
much
when'd you get this Falcons Jersey
that's nice I've ordered every morning
you know you know here's a hit a weird
question usually you're happy you get
sad cuz I don't call then I call when
I'm gone and you don't want me to call
if you call it 20 times
yeah cuz you wanted to talk to me you
said I know I won't talk that much just
so you hate me you won't be up for
bottom's
well you know why maybe shouldn't sleep
what are you trying to show me shut up
please
I was just sitting my ass haven't
thought what you've got okay
holy crap really oh oh hey hey Jesus cry
hey gotta wait til ah daddy goes home I
figure John Dean I can't do it big over
try
oh you don't blame your darts I can get
more darts well we get free for now
let's go I'm number one
you'll lose great Ridgid yep you want to
get out the way oh I want to play that's
my first round you got five we have 15
all right you're go okay who's gonna
lose Jesus you guys you might have to
compete you what the fuck my turn that's
trouble all right keep bridge you got
nothing hello you doing weight is enough
for ya another round of thirds is right
you know we ain't rich if you meet up
with your drug miss your daughter
that's a let's go huh oh we wanna play
yeah there's a man who don't even Ben
what is that supposed to me I'm not a
man
no okay that's real that's fine that's
sucked
are you serious we can't play sorry
bars closed okay hey give me my dog man
okay don't play with it dude you're so
bipolar I'm going I really want to play
darts hmm
get do I leave the house
yeah what did we do that hurt oh well
the dogs didn't miss me Bella why you
acting like that
oh that's why she always gets this way
when she's trying to do something she's
not supposed to you can have this I
think her dogs are you going to have
this I don't know if you're loud Bella
let me do it okay
so it's been a really annoying day dad
did not miss me at all then he want me
at his house too I was supposed to get
my chair delivered to me that I shipped
over to the house didn't get it today
sucks but but I smiled because bridges
birthday is tomorrow and I can't be an
asshole on it so I don't really know
what to make of grandpa like giving you
meats well I was gonna say not missing
me okay yeah he gave me me irony ladies
including to the vlog yet yes check this
out when I was over at grandpa's house
he gave me meat meat I love those very
funny
check this out there's all your
that's one cheese you bought me a pack
of Swiss cheese this I get that shirts
and simple as it gets me Swiss cheese
that is you're all that but it's corned
beef yeah you got me Swiss cheese and
Murphy who come dead I didn't kill Keith
nuttin so good at the core ppm yeah
here's my worry
I appreciate here no worry though will
it lit up to New York City corned beef
hey what do you think I think it will
he's trying to take the fucking corned
beef from me he gives it a man trying to
take it maybe it's good it's probably
good he's had a boy got it first on you
gotta chill out god I'm happy thank you
oh man I never had so good corned beef
yeah it was delicious you can you buy it
at Walmart well that's gonna be a fair
day of guys thanks for watching this
camera is dying so I got to make this a
quick outro Bridgette tomorrow's your
birthday stop I don't want do nothing
I'm not doing anything anyway I have no
honestly I forgot so I didn't get her
anything so I'm happy you don't wanna
celebrate your birthday
so thanks for watching you guys I'm
serious over god sorry I did see this
was funny some pride dad all those gifts
back from New York your bird shit so
anyway let me tell since I got you a
couple of things okay I'll give it to
you tomorrow
anyway that's gonna be it for today guys
thanks for watching like subscribe
favorite fun everything but to us and
it's good to be home and I really missed
you guys so much
love you I hated you last night
just let me get the last something bye
so Bridget all they have
people drinks on the edge
