what's going on you guys keep you on a
camera here but to us he are right there
and today it's Friday and today we're
doing a Q&A guys it has been a long time
since we did any kind of Twitter Q&A and
you guys you don't realize how long it
took us to get that little back and
forth right right there
and today is Friday it's a tag team okay
visualized here right there and today is
Friday Bridget was really confused she
don't know what was going so confuse guy
anyway today is Friday and today is
Twitter Q&A you guys I was sitting here
and I was thinking to myself we haven't
answered their questions in a really
long time and people have a lot of
questions so why not do a little bit of
Twitter Q&A so guys that's what we're
doing today is Friday and Liz go right
into the huge money
unknown wants to ask unknown is that his
name okay
unknown wants to ask what was the best
sandwich you've ever made
country-western burger oh my god yes I
wake up from a dead sleep sometimes I'm
just like country western variety at
country western country western western
burger like seriously I think about that
bird or something I'm not gonna lie I
really actually truthfully think about
it it was magic and I have not been able
to recreate it ever since the apartment
I know I've watched the video I followed
my own steps and I can't recreate it I
need it oh I know oh my gosh yes sir
your question is country-western burger
cuz no one wants to know do you have any
plans I'm uploading on the overreaction
show you know I don't know guys if you
don't remember we uploaded or we started
a channel called the overreaction show
and the idea behind the channel was
gonna be us reacting to videos and
watching our own old videos of getting
dad to react to videos and then dad got
sick and he ended up in the hospital and
I just sort of lost I lost out of touch
with the idea I just sort of put it on
the back burner and is there a chance
I'm gonna upload it in the future
absolutely but as of right now I don't
really know what's gonna happen with
that channel and it just makes me sad to
think about actually I agree Joe wants
to know what was your favorite memory in
Charlotte and Creekside uh my favorite
memory in trailwood will be starting
this channel you know it's been an
adventure we've done so much together
we've you know had memories and and
laughs and cried and we did so much in
trail with it if I wouldn't be able to
choose one memory it would just be
whole collective idea that we started
this channel together and we did so much
together we had you know that's my
favorite trail look memory my favorite
Creekside memory was leaving it my still
being liked by Creekside you know more
that's my favorite Creekside memory I
really miss Charlotte I'm a die-hard fwe
wants to know when are you confronting
Tina I forgot about that
guys the truth is Michael is so scared I
mean okay I am doing Isaac's radio show
and she's gonna be on it but I don't
want that to be a confrontation I just
want to talk to the woman what am i I
don't know dude oh my gosh
when are we confronting Tina soon okay I
don't know how soon are you scared no
okay Jamie wants to know if we go
anywhere in the world where would we go
hmm that's a good question where would
you go I would probably go to Ireland
Ireland yes why first of all it's
beautiful second of all they have a lot
of different types of beer and third of
off Conor McGregor lives there so is he
gonna be there too so you're aware okay
Michael all right okay that you want
Conor McGregor that's fine
sure just go to a bar in Ireland and I
start fighting to never be Conor
McGregor that's all you want if I could
choose anywhere in the world
I would go to Las Vegas Betty guess yes
Vegas Micah we lose all of our money for
gambling
I'm not going to gamble I'm going for
the buffets what you know how we book
Bay's were in Las Vegas no the only
thing I'm gambling is my life I'm waking
up in the morning I'm getting a
breakfast buffet I'm going to the hotel
and I'm taking a shower
I'm going to get a lunch buffet I'm
coming back and I'm taking a shower I'm
getting a dinner buffet I'm getting a
snack buffet and in the middle of the
night I'm gonna get another buffet and
guess what Conor McGregor's there too
Kaylee wants to know how many tracks are
gonna be on your album and how many
music videos okay that's a good question
I don't know the answers yet in terms of
how many the question I'm thinking about
twelve new songs for the album okay a
couple of schizo maybe about 15 tracks
on the album and as far as videos go I'm
not really sure definitely got one
coming out with pfv I got another one
working on down the road I'm thinking
about doing one with disaster so I don't
know maybe about three or four music
videos depending on how many people
actually like them and about 15 new
tracks for the album wow that's pretty
good I said it's daunting it's a lot of
work oh that's so exciting though Jamie
wants to know what did you think of
Michael when you first met him oh my god
when I very first met Michael I thought
he was so adorable just like the work
fat no he you were so funny he was so
funny and so cute and I remember we had
her first kiss right I did not a kiss
okay this is so cute
teach him how to that's enough no yeah
he was like okay I was like a walker
from the walking yeah okay
but you know I it was a really good time
really good date all right I know the
answer to this question and I don't want
to ask what was the first meal that I
ever cooked for you okay guys so we were
still during one year okay it was 11
1609 and I can't I went over to
Michael's and he made spaghetti and
meatballs and it was garbage
he used like half bag of sugar you know
why we even celebrating one year because
we broke up okay we got back together
Mike you see I was saying our new
anniversary should have been like April
4th but Michael was like no 11 16 okay
talk about that I added too much sugar
in the spaghetti and it was disgusting
it was not even red sauce guys it was
pink and it was from sugar Mason wants
to know does Bridgette really smoke and
if she does is it part of her diet
definitely not she doesn't smoke at all
no eyes by the way right now I'm
flashing videos of your smoke pile
outside no two months
guys this is three hours of cigarettes
domi wants to know why don't you ever go
with me to wrestling events well um it's
kind of a funny thing see the biggest
thing Michael and I have in common is
being Hermits I never broke out of my
shell last question for Bridgette Casey
wants to know what was the first thing
that caught your eye about pickle boy
his hat okay guys it was so cute guys I
had a problem with hats like I like to
pull them really far to here's my
myspace picture when I'm at Bridget for
some reason I thought one little slither
of I was all I mean I thought it was
like the hottest I've ever seen in my
life she's like I got I'm in love with
that eyeball yeah yeah Tommy wants to
know when are we going to take down the
Christmas tree yeah well number one
we're not okay
then but this is gonna be the first time
Bridget hears this guy's here is the
plan for our Christmas
tree we're not taking it down we're
keeping it up all year I'm gonna have a
Christmas tree in July I'm gonna have a
Christmas tree in August I'm gonna have
a Christmas tree in time for Halloween
and right after Thanksgiving we're
taking it down right before Christmas
starts again no we're taking you down
this month we're taking it down this
month Chad wants to know when are you
gonna learn how to drive so you can
drive the 55 this is a question I get a
lot so we need to answer this last year
I told you guys to click like if you
want me to take a driving lesson in boy
did you click like yeah so many people
click like and I told everybody I have a
plan and the future I have a plan now to
tell you that plan I needed to first hit
2 million subscribers because guys the
plan is I'm going to learn how to drive
at 3 million subscribers now a lot of
people are going to say that's too far
away you're never gonna hit it and I
hope it don't I'll be honest with you I
don't want to hit cuz I don't want to
learn how to drive now a lot of people
who say that's not fair you have to
think this is a life-altering choice my
life is in danger doing this
Bridget's life is in danger ok so if you
guys want me if you Billy want me to
learn how to drive subscribe to the
channel send it to your friends have
been subscribed when we hit 3 I'm
learning out I can't imagine you
striving oh my god I'm getting
hyperventilating right now thank him
he's really guys whenever he makes left
turn she's probably gonna of his eyes
closed I'm not learning I'm not making a
left turn nobody said nothing about left
her Ashton wants to know where did you
learn how to cook dad hanging out with
dad guys I was grandpa's shadow he
cooked every meal on the house he had a
snack bar at the flea market I learned
everything that I know about cooking
from grandpa Jamie wants to know when
you were younger what did he want to be
when you grew up a writer really it's
all right why is this surprising to you
you know this no I didn't know that was
your dream as a kid always and like I'm
talking about first grade holy crap all
I ever got all I've ever wanted to do
with my life is right
you know I wrote short stories as a kid
I write screenplays as an adult I write
stand-up comedy I write music I've
written poems I've written everything my
entire life I've always just wanted to
be a writer you also wrote my college
homework oh yeah that's true you were
supposed to say that yeah I wrote I'm
the reason she got through some of her
college courses okay only philosophy no
there was a couple okay English papers
and philosophy paper okay I remember
writing a bitchin paper and the allegory
of the cave know what it was about jdl
wants to know are you still on the diet
bring back the diet you know guys I'm
definitely like been on this course for
the diet is like losing weight is very
important you have to take care of
yourself so yes the answer to your
question is yeah I can't wait not die no
I mean like when it comes to am i over
diet absolutely because why wait that's
why riots star months to know what video
game are you most excited for in 2018
easy answer Red Dead Redemption whole
bunch of new screenshots came out today
I am so excited up closed pushed yeah I
got pushed pushed till when October 26
what yeah you didn't see it when will
that win the back about today yeah
is that what i retweeted yeah I thought
was just the new screenshots Oh pushed
its push and I'm a young rock star you
did it for GTA now you're doing it for
ended this is three times you pushed it
seriously
what - October yeah push - at the end of
October at that when there's was a very
beat the game ten times my
I know babe calm down I'm gonna give you
a blush Chapelle and you just nigger I
got a little bitchy when I'm hungry
stab wants to know when is the song
see you soon coming out really soon
how soon you gotta see real soon this
month soon next month students but soon
okay I just want to like make sure
because I am personally really excited
for it
you've heard it I want to see the video
Britney wants to know when they gonna do
a music video Jolie O'Reilly and why
doesn't she follow Bridget West who
Julia Riley
Julia doesn't volume no but what the
hell right answer the question we're not
doing a video now I don't know we're
doing the video but I'll tell you what
thing we're going up to New Jersey to do
it maybe so follow me if I like scare
into it yeah we're gonna go into my boy
least bubble and we're gonna do a music
video with Julia Riley that's exciting
last question Steve wants to know what
was your favorite time with Grandpa all
of them you know we laugh when we joke
and everything you guys but building
this channel with that and Bridget and
all you guys has been
it's been the honor of a lifetime you
know not everybody gets to spend that
much time with their dad and when he
passed they they have all these regrets
stuff they wish they could have said
stuff they wish they could have did and
I don't have any regrets
and that makes me so happy you guys I
don't know how I could live with myself
if I had regrets I think I would be in a
hotel room drinking myself to death if I
had regrets and I don't have any I did
everything I could for my dad I spent
every minute that I could with him and
together we had a life that we were
never meant to have so all of them so
thank you guys for helping me create
these memories with that with Bridgette
with everybody for you guys thank you
guys for all the questions I want to I'm
gonna drop it off here that was the last
question yeah so thank you guys for
everything for all the memories for the
joy the pleasure to be able to do it for
you in to see you guys still here after
all this time is humbling and I love all
you guys so much for it thank you for
the questions that's gonna be it for
today I don't know how long this is
could be five minutes could be two hours
I know it's either it's close to neither
of those numbers so thanks for watching
you guys like subscribe favorite fun on
everything but your last dad I love you
and that's it
I love you
