what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here Kimberly here and right now
I'm not using a selfie stick because
something happened to the other one we
don't know where it went
I think I might loved it damn you today
is Sunday and today the vlog is gonna
kick in to the stuff that I filmed
yesterday when I pranked Bridgette the
problem was I didn't get to prank her
until a few minutes for we had to leave
so I couldn't put it up in the vlog
yesterday
anyway that's what this is I'm just
doing a quick inch or two let you know
that today a Sunday but this footage was
Saturday and I'm still wearing the same
clothes you're wearing different clothes
I'm okay yeah I think so damn here's a
referral monkey man you do this to me
yesterday
Kim sprinkle oh no me at the freakin
event yesterday and said that i stunk
and I was worried bursting her not no
you don't afraid forget this we pranked
Bridgette I told her that I was dying
that my foot injury was so fucked up
that I was sick it looks good today
today bridges getting pranked
let's kick into that let's get crash
well I didn't cover up all the way it
was a crack my fingers up let's get it
started
oh man so this is my hotel room ignore
all the candy and something that that's
not for me that is okay it is for me
sorry it was for me so anyway I wanted
to show you guys the infection so look
at this what happened is I was taking
that story it looks at what that looks
way better than it did but I was taking
that steroid and it made me really itchy
or maybe it was the fact that I have
fleas I don't know either way I was
scratching the fuck out of my foot and
it's scraped Alera
skin off and I didn't even bother with
it until the day before I went to New
York when Bridgette saw it and said that
it was infected so we cleaned it out I
took an amoxicillin I had one left I
cleaned it out I put some neosporin I've
been doing it every day and it's looking
a lot better but I've been telling her
that
I've been messing with it I haven't been
trying to fix it so I'm gonna fuck with
her today she's super worried about it
we're gonna get this thing we're gonna I
can't even talk today we're gonna get
her ass pranked Wow my room is a
freaking train wreck right now there is
food everywhere there is garbage
everywhere I've got a fucking cotton I
can't live in this anymore I'm sorry
feel like I got scabies or something so
I'm gonna clean and before you guys get
on my ass about leaving this for the
maid I never do that I clean up after
myself and I don't take maid service
until after I've left I leave the do not
disturb one there the entire time
maybe I'll get a couple of new towels
because my professor needs a lot of
towels so maybe I'll get some new towels
but other than that I don't have him
clean up after my staff termi and I just
realized the other bag oh my god Frick
we got to get this cleaned and yeah I'm
aware I just had to work Frank
oh let me move my cocaine out of the way
so if anybody's wondering what this is
as you can see okay
obviously right that's coke no it's a B
C powder it's great for headaches just
like crushed aspirin it gets rid of them
instantly oh wait I really that looks
like I'm promoting them so there's also
goodie powders they are a competitor
check them out - they're just as good
I'm all done with the room let's have a
peek a boo cord did by itself I don't
know why I'm proud I'm not gonna bike
yeah look what I did that nobody else
can do i cleaned
look i'm just vlogging cuz i'm the only
one awake
so it's a lot better than it was anyway
because all the garbage is gone I
cleaned up all the some of the shit I
fixed that up got the room fixed up so
there we go the room looks a lot better
than it did earlier okay
warning the following scene is going to
show uh my wound at a close-up look so
if you don't want to see it turn it off
your discretion is advised but if you
want to see the prank keep watching I'm
going to take this foot I'm going to
mutilate it so bridges terrified that
I'm gonna die in New York maybe not die
but she's gonna think I'm sick as fuck
so the first step in making a believable
fuck up blood picture is you need a
fucked up foot picture so Kim's going to
take the picture for me and I'm gonna
take it into Photoshop and I'm gonna
edit it now if I take it on a soft
pillow she's not gonna notice it so I'm
gonna take it on a fucked-up gravel
ground leave it I'm gonna put my foot
right here where it's all wet fucked up
so all right here we go
Kim get close get a good picture
we're going to take a couple more till
we get the right picture and then I'm
going to edit it and then Kim is calling
Bridget and she's gonna break out okay
so now that we have our picture we want
to make it look worse than it is which
believe it or not it looked way worse
it's actually three times smaller than
it was so it actually looks pretty good
but we don't want Bridget zero that we
want her to think it's spread now look I
don't claim to be the best with
Photoshop okay I'm not the best but I
can make a look believable I don't know
all the techniques that other people use
I find a quick route to do what it is
that I need to do so that's what we're
about to do
Bridget you get in print so as you can
see I've made another version of it if I
said it there it's fine
but we're going to make it way bigger so
she's already as Worsley oh my god
basically what the fuck is wrong with
this thing good hahaha okay cover up any
lines that make it noticeable oh yeah
look at this now it's fucking already
half the size of my foot and I'm not
even done yet
I'll be right back okay we got the
picture done what do you think that
looks Curtis okay we're not going to
show you I want to build up a little
height for this though this is seriously
messed up so I've added some green I
added some like spreading elements it
looks like legit I would be calling 911
so okay here we go this is my foot
injury oh my god whoa I was seriously
you like ambulance for you this is not
right Oh beer so Bridget it's time for
you to fix up look at this it's like oh
man is you yeah no that's like extreme
action
turn the camera way tele yeah it looks
real dude yes it does that makes me want
to vomit
Oh looky filler I can't imagine the
smell that one no don't don't start this
yom has a gag reflex in the world don't
start this I just brushed my teeth what
Matt that would smell like a dead animal
I think like a cat does let's do this
baby oh stop it like like a dead animal
really good pet my eyes are watering and
I just did by me what you see stop but
you don't you cat the grocery bags
Fitness did you're a piece of shit hey
Bridget um how long is Michael's foot
been fucked up like this like a week um
it looks really bad um I'm not exactly
sure I'm getting ready to like call
someone to like take him somewhere
because this I mean it does not look
good it's his foot looks like it's gonna
fucking fall off Kim is fine Michael no
it's not Bridget his fucking foot looks
bad
Bridget would you tell him it's look
like this no it didn't hold on you guys
see this shit Bridget I'm gonna send you
a picture okay
hey come on Mike Bridget I looked it
looked like this the whole time didn't
it no Bridget if it looked like this the
entire time I'm gonna be really mad at
you that you let him come like this it's
not that bad Kim uh yeah I would
consider that bad I just sent you a
picture Bridget she got mad because I
tried to walk around Times Square and I
fell cuz I could have walked any more
okay and then we and then we figure out
why he starts complaining that his foot
hurts
he starts complaining that his foot
hurts I just sent you a picture did you
see it
oh my god yeah I'm gonna rigid it
already looked like that Bridget did it
look you're not gonna wear what NXT
Michael you need antibiotics not it's
really bad I told you I gotta throw up
if you like Michael no just sit down I
keep telling him to sit down too and he
won't say it hurts more when I sit
Michael no no you didn't tell her about
me blacking out did you Bridget just a
little while ago we were sitting here
and I was talking to him and I look and
he's not even responding and he's like
slumped over on the couch um because I
was getting ready to call and I wanted
to call you because I'm like what the
hell is going on I'm like has this
always been like this I've got not a
hold on I'm calling 9-1-1 from the hotel
phone just call 9-1-1 on me what no but
I mean I will probably come up if I were
you because I can't get Michael to do
anything he won't listen Michael
okay he's starting to black out again
Bridget I'm calling number one Michael
okay he's starting to change color oh my
god Michael
Michael hold on hold on brick hold on
bridging hold on Bridget I'm calling an
ambulance from the other phone
hi-yah I am staying at oh man
I'm please sit down they want you to sit
down they want you to have he won't sit
down they want you to have a seat please
Michael sit down you kill what do you
really got the phone - you're here kitty
Oh where'd you tell she's overreacting
are you crying
Bridget are you crying
yes sir I know I understand don't juice
don't you tell her it's a prank I know
you want to spill it don't you ruin this
okay I'm sorry I can't keep me going you
have to do it and you turn around and do
it it's a prank
oh my god Bridget that's enough I had
nothing to do with this
breath damn it I'm sorry Jesus Christ
had nothing to do that it's a joke I
photoshopped a picture of my foot
yes
yeah I feel bad for sorry did I'm sorry
they seek me to break up don't fuck
around with that shit dude you know you
don't this is fucked up this is you I'm
sorry what hey I'm Doug when did you
know I didn't know wait oh my god this
sucks I don't want to do pranks whose
idea this was
what you was like being in this family
camp good used to it I'm sorry honey it
was a funny prank though pigs are habit
alright Bridget I'm really sorry for
messing with you I feel bad now hey
bridge if you want to feel better
earlier I had Kim about to throw up
don't man why do you always get why do
you always got to do this I'm pretty
sure she shit her pants dude
yeah mysteriously she had to make a
change no yeah I do rep I know but it
are you serious whose big glob no it
wasn't yeah dude it was like a fucking
the smell was i god bolon up your mom's
got your goddamn false
