what's going on you guys get beyond the
camera here nobody else right here and
today is Saturday and today I can't do
shit because it's raining
I forgot to close this yeah
it is raining which means I am NOT gonna
be doing anything in the city right now
and I got wrestling tonight and today in
this afternoon I really don't know what
the plan is so this is my intro just
looking out of a window by myself cuz
everybody else is still asleep I was
just about to continue the intro saying
that nobody else is awake and then Kim
walked in hey get here
Kim here right there and there's our
smudge on the window so then what's
going on you guys
kid behind the camera here Kimberly here
right there and today is Saturday and
today we got shit else we got Dickel
it's raining or stuck inside we're stuck
in here but you know what taxis can take
us places and drop us off Sun always
like a hoot
well maid service just came in that's
what the hoot was yeah that's how you
that's how they call you in your room do
I need yeah yeah like that's how they
communicate Amy so glad you got some
fresh towels and they're nice and warm
too so I think they just got back from
laundry and I don't like I usually don't
let them do any of my housework for
maybe do I have a do not disturb they'll
notice the room is clean but they'll
find out about that tomorrow cuz this is
a second vlog and I'm good you will find
out about that tomorrow
but you know what at least we're decent
enough where we pack everything together
and clean it and like you're a better
Packer that I am will tell you that yeah
I am
it's like great at puzzles it's crazy if
she was any one survivor I definitely do
good on the puzzle challenges I'm good
at him so do you actually realize how
hard it is to like speak in front of you
why because you were like the master
like oh okay this is embarrassing don't
embarrass me you got freaking Casey
Knights that and Roman at where they are
the master vloggers I'm just some fucker
you're an amazing vlogger and a
I know what she's doing there she solved
the vlog about the sentimental bullshit
now stop this in a nano rich fucking
Bulls Randleman aha fuck this shit
Bridget you fuck fuck Bridget cinnamon
oh my gosh he's your shadow
no he's that oh yeah music by the time
you would have seen this Bridget would
have already been pranked so I can
freely talk about it but I have to make
a second vlog because I got to get this
vlog up before I go out to wrestling
tonight and Bridget ass ain't waking up
she doesn't want to wake up today I woke
her up but I tried I texted her I called
her she's not answering she's being a
little hey fuckface
she started I heard don't talk about
Bridget don't talk about Bridget like
that Michael
Bridget you being a fuckface yeah people
listening out there yeah it was
listening on there so Bridget you got
pranked
what if it doesn't work I will obviously
one upload this okay guys for this next
part of the vlog I've got my sock and
it's filled with batteries and I'm gonna
hit him with it
it's my battery saw no there's no
batteries in that you guys it's empty
son thinks is hitting you with a dirty
empty nothing happens right now yeah it
is dirty
yeah I know I saved it from outside for
you I think I think today I'm gonna
break I think I'm gonna do some smack I
don't think you want to do that oh god I
got a king-size snicker yeah that king
size Snickers is $5.00
what yeah they've got this like sheep Oh
safer five five dollars huh for this
Snickers do this is like fucking our
$0.50 a bite
Michael Luigi Yoshi we can go like a
place right at the street and I can get
a whole bunch of them Snickers she just
do that that is some list dude it's
insane like okay yeah okay Pringle good
okay before you say anything before you
say it is it don't god baby is it over a
dollar it yes okay this is 50 cent at a
gas station how much is it here six
double whatever are you joking six
dollars for this little can are you
kidding me do they have Walmart's around
here you could go anywhere all right Kim
you want a candy bar there we go there
you go for well fish let's figure it out
you know why you're not sick sick all
right which was this the snicker is five
there's this 11 all right we're good I
can't eat we'll get neither 6 Dokdo it's
favorite oh yeah
it's figurative nuts you're not really
eating hey easy to snicker super but
these are for you so I guess okay so the
M&Ms
are a tourist oh I think that puts us
like 20 are we already done I don't even
get for anything else I think we're done
with like a buck change
oh yeah we have that's $19 we literally
just got three phases and I want my
change clear we should see they have
drinks in here too yeah let's see what
kind of delicious thirsty miss can we
quench it they didn't give us that we
know that's okay I brought which by the
way it was $2.99 for hearing a hundred
for yo by John
they don't even have chocolate milk in
here but let's see got some tea some
honest tea
seven dollars for this thing are you
friggin kidding what the hell is that
what the hell is that
uh-uh-uh-uh-uh double camera you gotta
be kidding me go to the light you see
this shit what oh god are those tea
leaves or oh dude oh my smoker well
being that we can't go into the city
there's nothing else to do I decided why
not prank angry grandpa I got the prank
Umbridge going up tomorrow
why not prank his ass today grandpa you
get prank called what do you think I
should do I have no ideas right now
usually just go from the top of the head
I what I call is a fan perfect what
Michael God man you like do it
come pick it up you call me it's Angela
okay usually you can McGee a bad that I
never call you
well okay what do you want okay I'm
sitting here walking around Times Square
and one of your fans is here and I
wanted to say hello to you honey go papa
I'll tell Dendi my yoga use will talk to
your actual young okay his name Harry
his name's Jeff Jeff Jeff okay
I use this angry grandpa I just want to
let you know oh I've been watching your
videos for a long time and I think
you're the fattest asshole I've ever
seen in my whole life
that's good man again I mean he's doing
jumping at you okay but like about a dog
don't you hang up on me bastard let me
tell you something your sweet little
daughters here your son's here i'ma beat
his face in right now you can go use
your body can't you let me tell you fuck
you
what you can say you fucker what you
gonna get face you got up your mom's got
your goddamn balls this guy is weird I
got a knife yeah I got your here you
motherfucker I swear to god I'll date
that night in the state of Utah dad calm
down a joking Jeff my door and you make
it down motherfucker
I love you grandpa it was just a big
joke love you dad Oh
grandpa can I get it out of grove yeah
outside the cow piss all over there my
autograph but I'm in love with you
sexually Ingrid grandpa it's me Dad I'm
being both people oh well I tried I
didn't expect him to take it so serious
I tried prank calling it I'm filming
this by the way that
give it on the phone my back
offered by the National Park Service
including out
or three
there
and on your part
