hi hi well you want say goodbye to
everybody the pronator bag why are they
wearing the same clothes from yesterday
all right let's do it
they're really attached to these M&M
shirts all right Lily here if I knew was
mmm here Oh otherwise with an M remember
what the smaller image usually she tells
people Kimberly here you got that up so
funny who are you
Kyle she's fucking funny dude
Oh No kya I'm the funny one of the
family
you have kya okay let's go Kyle let's go
to the lobby
hey Bridget oh yeah she's the patient
kind one hey what's taking so long Jim
she's Jimmy with it yesterday
way of these filthy till okay I have not
taken a shower yet no there's not enough
room to be cuddling up in here hold on
to the bar well you guys gonna miss New
York you gotta miss uncle Baba I just
got robbed by Corbett
but tie three yeah so you're not gonna
miss me feel liberated I assure you but
style of it at me
we whirring blended so Lily just said
that the whole trip was for nothing
Kelly are you sad I know you don't like
Eminem why do I spy no sauce filming
each other well they don't be sad look
at me look at me thank you you're gonna
miss me she isn't as anybody or anything
over this I'll find a new family are you
just ready to leave are you gonna mess
up a bubble we don't know so we got a
basket this point I'm sure it's just
personal stuff basically or so people
are aware these are not the same tan
cargo shorts that I wore yesterday no
these aren't the ones and the other ones
I've sent to a dry cleaner you gonna
miss me violet oh man you will watch
hold on
bye Lily Wow
hit you did you hear that just don't
kiss me I walk
it's on for some lunch boy we're hanging
out in Times Square and we're headed
Shake Shack yeah
I just realized I haven't really filmed
any Times Square stuff so here it is for
everybody wandering errands I'm swear
yeah I'm in Times Square and only thing
I'm thinking about is a double Shack
where should we go now
the ball is right there though
yes I I'm going to propose to draw oh my
god
we've arrived
well we are in shakes check this place
is bumpin dude right now I've been to a
couple Shh X this is the best one of
them oh yeah really there's the one way
the Barclays Center grows we have about
Detroit I tried one in Brooklyn oh and
they gave me too much sauce on it was
that the one right across the stadium no
a different one
Jim wants peanuts on his
you're allergic peanuts aren't you why
does he want peanuts
that's right I forgot about that yeah
you both are allergic to peanuts I think
Kim's is bullshit he wants like tested
to by giving me like I remember us
eating peanut butter and jelly
sandwiches kids and that I was always
you know Jim's would die yeah I would
literally die like a flagon
better hope I use that right what the
words it is an apply you know Friday
all right some sort of somebody who
knows words call rattle this we're doing
the condom what do you guys want Katja
oh yeah ketchup
this is such an interesting log we're
just going Kim get ketchup oh I don't
think they've seen your tattoo
Oh hurry back to the hotel scurry back
to the hotel and eat okay so now that
we're here and we can see it that's
depressing
that used to be oh here we're on the
wrong way guys yeah I always wanted to
go to the Toys R Us store and now
they're closed
soon
Oh Kim
why can't waste your time filming that
when you can becoming best only because
I'm gonna run industry doesn't matter
film at Oh God
how many Pokemon did you catch while we
were out he's pretty much a big deal
that's insane it's time for some Shake
Shack so let's take one of these babies
out and show the camera exclusively show
Bridget so I don't think I ever show
every time I was just go eating it so
that's the Shake Shack work is it blurry
um well I'm blurry you bastard get all
the way into it as I was trying to do a
focus focus
oh it started - and then music so this
right here is the Shake Shack classic
Kim did me a favor and peel up a bond
take a look inside the bitch first you
got like a sauce that's like the Shaq
sauce and you can see on the burger
itself back here it's got all this char
oh my god it's the best part so can you
see we get close you see me yeah all
right
fuck but no
seriously Bridget you missed out again
ma'am you're lost princess I'm so
getting diarrhea we're on this what is
it it's going to your doors so it's a
double-decker bus
drive around and check
and we're sitting here in the Sun
hopefully this is just moving real soon
check broker would pull Jim's ponytail
now No
I'm ice it
a couple puffs with the blunt end up
flying to the moon what the fuck is
going on I think that I'll be dying soon
Brian took a note the music I'm inspired
to beginning in my heart Tim but I can't
just drive this I can do it we are on
what is this she called a boat yeah it's
like the Statue of Liberty ferry we're
on our way to the Statue of Liberty and
I might be learning right now that I get
seasick hey cuz this thing is going yeah
is feeling to get my pass out or throw
up oh my god like the audience here I
want to say just look I'm Johnson but I
don't wanna make the joke
oh you dropped my camera you're going
overboard amazing so we are on our way
to see the Statue of Liberty
your car tweeted where the ships near
New York the shining torch of the Statue
of Liberty rose from the day shouts and
cries of joy would erupt from the
steamer decks we invited experienced any
additional enjoyable activities offered
by the National Park Service including
outdoor guided tour please stop by the
Visitor Information Center for today
and
don't be Statue of Liberty after so far
so we are looking at the Statue of
Liberty is always gonna be on your face
oh good I'm sure your fans Allah unzoom
this is crazy
okay ready
getting the shot Jim I can't see give me
he was saying in some people's picture
yeah she's totally southern what that's
the southern end is we would do
something not everybody does is somebody
asked Jim to take a picture she goes
fuck off
Joe whenever I wouldn't never didn't he
not say that I kind of heard that from
behind me so never take someone's pic
okay that's that's the Jim I know hates
everyone and every and you know what
it's not even just taking a picture I
just took like five them they have to
have options oh yeah
yeah someone's like hey can you skip one
two let's fuck off I don't even do a
half of one I'm not even gonna think
about a picture Jim's like yeah take
your picture he takes it of something
else yeah well we're back at the hotel
now Jim is off hanging out with his
girlfriend
so me and Kim are getting us some
Chinese people say in New York Chinese
the best
yeah I'm looking forward to it and we're
giving to the world well on our way to
the hottest spot and we'll deliver to
the hotel I'm not walking to Chinese
Bridgette yeah we're from each other
again
Bridgette doesn't believe me how bright
it gets out here at night so I just
wanted to show a real quick
like she was like don't walk around at
night now I bro it's safe it's yeah no
there look how many people are out here
so well let's go into our Chinese so the
food just got here and we have misplaced
what's it called this was and I really
can't like food food King that's it they
gave us a free bag of dreams
that is sad that is seriously awesome
I've never seen no shit like that
no I even checked like that paperwork
I'm like win or this right and no they
weren't on there so let's take a peek
here
this is one egg roll yeah no I mean
ladies what is New York food boy each
egg rolls individually right what's this
white rice oh no that's just fried rice
okay so what else alright and we got
some lo mein very nice oh my God look at
us I know dude this must be the white
rice we'll go put it over there yeah
well we'll eat that later
oh yeah so Wow oh my fucking egg roll
one time a beautiful desire
they're like perfect okay here we go
folks
New York Agra that looks good mmm-hmm
I'm gonna try the wonton
oh hell yeah okay here we go we're gonna
try the sweet sour chicken for the first
time it feels like better and it's too
hot I'm gonna use the part and I'm not
like that saw me use my fingers but yeah
these do I'll let you do it first you're
the guinea pig
good oh Jesus cries out the homecoming
after coming down here we go
yeah dude yeah dude that is each other
wrong way that's the best sweet and sour
chicken I have ever had what's called
food king yeah I'm here in New York food
king holy shit I'm like speechless yo
this shit is good my rice was delicious
I had to win those delicious Wow right
now I'm talking to Bridget on the phone
and I'm sitting with Kim hey what's up
because we can't think of a title for
the blog usually I'm a genius let's just
you know you know no seriously usually I
can come up with a title but this one I
can't cuz it's like I don't know okay
what about tech oh boy has fun in the
arc City are you joking with that okay
how about fat fuck pigs out in New York
City no fat fuck Dimes in Hell's Kitchen
no I don't want to do anything mean wait
wait wait how about pickle boys a babe
hey in the city oh my that's me Wow
nobody else is coming up with any good
boy it's Chinese food how about the
greatest Chinese food ever
okay yeah that's a good one that's all
right uh-huh Kyle sent one okay was it
no doubt projects for one okay
he asked me he said what kind of stuff
did you do today just tourist stuff I
said yeah mostly in Chinese food
he says tourist crap and some bomb-ass
Chinese food
I kind of like it
Oh all right that's right oh the blog
Ani Taurus crap and Bob has gigantic
Kyle you got one that that's pretty
funny
no it's a Baba Shakey's now you guys can
understand why you came up with this
weird title thanks Kyle no no no no it's
not funny you broke it
okay I've been waiting to tell you this
for few seconds here Michael push push -
there you go push harder there you go
haha now you go well that's gonna be a
pretty day you guys thanks for watching
Mike not yet don't you know how altro
works now okay and I do this to get it
done quick Julie fuck the outro like to
happen let's get this shit over with
it's a long fucking hands been awake
since like 6:00
I'm tired so today we just pretty much
did some tourist wrap and have some
bomb-ass Chinese food oh thanks Kyle so
anyway that's gonna be a per day oh my
nose it just it really was a great day
though we got to see so much stuff on
the tour bus Statue of Liberty was
really
it was a great day there's so many times
of him coming to New York City I'm
really glad that you got to do like more
exciting yeah I never did it before so
we're gonna get out of here this is day
two tomorrow we get some wrestling done
yeah like subscribe favorite follow me
or everything even though I don't really
give you that I just hit you the face of
that did I and that's it okay you know
what what I got six waffle me Bhutto's
and succeed burger why the six
cheeseburgers a snack for later
oh because six want burritos is it
enough can I just get what the fuck I
want
what can I do what the fuck I want you
need me to shut up sinner shut the fuck
up I wasn't trying to tell you what to
do
God made you king of my diet I did it I
was joking dad
