what's going on you guys kid on his way
to New York behind a camera here vigil
eyes behind in which you're here so what
you gonna do play The Witcher yes today
is Thursday and today I'm going to New
York City and I'm playing The Witcher
she's playing The Witcher I'm going to
New York and I'm gonna go watch some
wrestling bridger for some reason is
very sad right now don't forget about me
are you serious I forget you exist in
four days I love you I love you too
don't be sentimental please
okay so I of sentimental I'm emotional
okay quit being so sentimental so hey
Bridget does not like the word
sentimental it's a gross word I don't
know how the word sentimental is gross
it's not like moist oh that is
equivalent to me bridge equipped give me
your moist sentiments okay you want to
just cut that out because everyone's
going to assume i moist and I don't want
people oh my god she's moist eyes are
moist that's some time you're sick much
anyway if you haven't seen the video I
put up yesterday if they're really gross
I got roasted keep your sentimental
moistness over there so I got roasted
why is that
what words bother you cuz no word
bothers me pickle boy has a moist
asshole
yeah come on your uses repulsive yours
okay I got roasted yesterday stop this
video check it out I'm getting out of
here we're starting the vlog I'm headed
to New York and that's that goodbye okay
I can't have been thinking of the word
moist sentimental moist it's what is it
about the word sentimental that you
don't like you don't like the word
sentimental when it's referred to your
family like your sisters on the
sentimental news okay okay Bridget stop
that gonna give you a sentimental hug
okay I hate it - stop stop those don't
ever do that word me again Benny time
with you in your hotel room is very
sentimental to her okay you know what
I'm gonna choke you and I felt like
right now Bridget is packing my bag
because I'm going on my trip to New York
New York it's a hell of
taonaya I'm singing yeah I don't know
I'm talking about let's just cut that so
here are all my clothes and I like to
watch away Bridget packs she always gets
all the clothes in there
and I can't do it it's like she'll have
it nice and need and by the time I come
back filming your Bridget look oh by the
top what was that gasp for I wasn't sure
I didn't know you're filming me she
always gets it nice and me by the time I
come back it's like all fucking stuffed
in there fucked up oh my gosh I know
right don't forget anything I get some
malady here so just leave it on purpose
I know and I get real mad so right now
Bridget is hiding my bottle of cologne
in a pair of shorts because TSA likes to
go through my bag every time and they
take shit out I'm pretty sure they're
gonna take that still no I haven't been
caught yet
she's the Kalon bandit look there it's
in here tsa the kawatche what is this I
see nothing okay he's clear to go
they're probably gonna like scan it Lily
wait a minute what is that the pocket of
those Shores nah oh my god is that is
that titanium fluid I don't know if
that's a thing okay I was getting in the
car I just realized Bridget look we left
a freaking bag of McDonald's there's a
foot Lewis oh my god oh no bro
hey what's even worse fortune what then
I'm putting it right back
enjoy ready your wallet yeah you know
Michael this is so show than theirs yep
hmm when we clean the windows I can see
it better
there you go full HD folks it smells
real gross in here yeah I think the
first thing we do is moister Shake Shack
with Jim and Kim and get the double
moistu a quick oh hey he has something
moist I'm getting the bra oh you fucking
bitch
fuck this is bullshit bro that is true
oh I got you I'm sorry
Bridgette seems to think it's funny to
laugh about
ludis traffic deaths this year dude I
feel that this time was flashing traffic
deaths this year okay that's why I'm
terrified
so I'm way to New York moist oh no it's
like I just got to the airport leaving
so that's it for Bridgette until when
Tuesday Tuesday that's typical Bridgette
until Tuesday say goodbye I miss you
guys
she's not she that gun go off she's what
are you crazy you're this tall I know
buddy much taller right so are you
saying I'm super short here to make it
started let's get into this Airport I
gotta check in oh say goodbye I love you
guys tweet me phone on everything some
of that dude some of that
is iut New York I'm gonna hang out with
my gym hey all right Jim that's your
that's your hotel dude could you madlife
star we can do badges that no did I
didn't I thought it was a kid not a real
hotel to be honest with you the
specialty is the room comes with a
stabbing so get a look forward to that
so here we are in New York with Jim not
James thank you Jim Romano and pickle
boy no okay what what's so Jim lied to
me he told me his plane landed at 2:00
and he actually got here at 4:00 so I
had to wait for two hours at the airport
and he would kept lying I'm on the way
and hadn't even land agenda and that he
wasn't using Wi-Fi or something just a
liar is a liar i manipulated you like a
little puppet so we're on our way to see
Kim not Kim Kim's girls don't know that
I'm here they don't know they think
they're just here on vacation so how do
you film us see them okay
well we're at the hotel now we are and
seriously it's like this is the same
room as last time it is we are at the
hotel now one of the most embarrassing
things has ever happened to me
happen to me at the airport personally
check my church it's gone
I can't tell it's gone so this fucker
takes an extra long time to get it so
I'm like okay I'm going to wait but
first I got a piss so I go - what are
you doing
it's that's dripping
everything drips in New York you
surprised it's a drippy city so right I
have to go take a pass so I got a shake
I try piss I decide to shake now when I
shake I didn't shake it good enough and
I proceeded to urinate in my tan pants
as you can see I can't hide urine that
well from these pants so are you I was
walking around the airport with piss all
over me I peed my fucking pants walking
around with his shorts
Jim walks out to me yo dude would you
spill yourself no I peed on myself oh
you knew Oh piss on yourself
people are looking I took a couple of
pictures of some people in the airport
I'm sure you can see that you search
Twitter I'm humiliated I peed myself I'm
in New York this sucks
goodbye Kim is coming with the girls
they have no idea I'm in New York Kim
told them that I was going to come but
that I couldn't come and Lily got sad
and now they're here Jim I'll take the
camel you piece of fucking shit fuck you
Jim sure I don't know why I'm saying
that yeah
so what what what sir what should I do
when they come here you just go film
they're not gonna okay this dude was
playing pokemons go show your phone look
at this he would rather play pokemon go
right now instead of filmy put the phone
in your paw
alright alright what work where do i
what do i film them come he's gonna
smoke it and see me stand-in here
like who the fuck is this but it's gonna
be its comeback we just an jim told the
girl that they come to see you may
remember you okay Lily looks at you like
a big brother
that's not run when you just do all of
it I don't know what's gonna happen
this isn't this is so stupid this is the
dumbest idea ever
they're gonna walk into this room and be
like who the fuck is this the fuck is
this guy what am I supposed to say this
is a million lies on your mind get off
the ball kid Kim just called me
dude this is gonna be so stupid you know
what ah they don't know me they're gonna
be like who the fuck what is it what is
this good then I'll be surprised I hate
you you guys were loud you know I was
coming
Wow make surprised huh it's gone I
interrupt this part of the vlog to let
you know that Jim fucked up so in this
part of the vlog I was supposed to be
reunited with Lilly and Eliza for the
first time in a year a sweet little
sentimental moment that would have had
background music with love and crying
and this guy here him hold on a second
you gotta see I'm good so you can point
mom there he is
mm he decided to film you saw where it
cut in he's like he sees us meet and we
hug okay now I hit record boom he's like
wait till the meetings over so that's
why there is no meeting and I'm
chastising Jim live on camera got any
words for yourself Jim yeah you had
common dude not getting a video of your
nieces for you I'll never get that mom
about I felt like the whole CONICET I'll
never get that moment back it's gone you
don't know chocolate milk Jim what's
wrong with you that's the best thing in
the world which is hate milk hey em all
No so does Kyle oh speaking of which Jim
this is Kyle Kyle who's Jim they haven't
met
I don't wait a minute no Jim exchanged
hellos Oh Kyle Jim was at your wedding
dude he was you thought who's the
homeless guy watching from across the
street
Oh
you yeah that helped oh well we would
have taken you to the restaurant with
some fetes that is the case
oh please it kind of stuck it's really
horrible but I mean you're homeless
beggars can't be true our wedding was
perfect
our wedding was fantastic Mikado only
come by the food was good there's no way
he said his was good I'm pretty sure
they fished her lasagna from underneath
the fridge it was nothing like a bowl I
was it asked me keep knocking and closer
bounded you do i ha you're knocking
things down oh my god they broke the TV
yeah
oh my god guys are you serious why would
you touch that we get it why would you
didn't have it happen someone broke the
TV I wouldn't eat it I did it I find one
of them threw something at this TV I
don't know it's broken look at blank
you're the Greenes now just a lie all
the time
sorry you girls you weren't really in
trouble tell me Kim film something I'm
gonna film Michael so right now we are
going to
we are going to John and Tony's yeah so
it's right over
we are going to turn and jump
is it Tony and John's we're going to
Tony and John it's not John and Tony's
while
is John and Tony's yes John and Tony's
so here we are at John and Tony's
pizzeria
so right now we are sitting at tone John
and Tony's this is where my boss took
his last SummerSlam Lily said where he
sat right Lily
so Jim is in for a treat with his pizza
Jim didn't basically so am i I didn't
really get to eat it while I was here so
though both of them are in for a treat
Kim is too nervous the thought of Paul
Heyman I mean hey your boss I was really
nervous on you in front of your boss
okay Kim's getting a slice of pep I'll
then take New York style pizza Jimmy
happy yeah I can very hot and yes oh my
god looks so good how you gonna replace
your car from New York in the morning
and eat a last hundred twenty seven
dollars with Amtrak see I don't burn my
face I hope you do modern your home
slash Sabre bear Oh
yeah we gotta watch that in slow-mo yeah
yeah is that funny when we burned
herself
she's terrible you can tell which kid
belongs there who really shakes her him
I don't even know if I kid who's over
tears just now you know what closure -
Simon you have a boss in here okay he
just now I offended the guy Miran was
the offensive like one step at a time
when he was like back I was like I could
eat a whole pizza and I was like nah you
can't do that man he was you don't call
me to hire another no lie I pissed him
off and I would get this kind of like
means business you won't let me get
fried because was that me what her
father Jack yeah I bet I was joking
that was something you do come on are
you becoming a friend haha sorry man
you don't ever call me like Jonna Tony
so yeah that was delicious that's the
best yeah look at Jim I told you about
the piss outside bro leave this yeah I
piss anywhere I want and it's New York
you care
that we just saw on you is that the way
you see the city you turn that fucking
light off now let's get it right in his
eyes actually I was trying to not point
it at your eyes but it was good lighting
oh he's going over take it right here go
ahead oh you think I owe you this I
believe you try I'm cold
son of a bitch by the way for some of
those that are asking on Twitter
yes before I left I filmed the Burger
King whopper Itoh video with angry
grandpa and that's going up tomorrow if
you like it did he hate I don't know you
have to find out to see Italy I'll put
it this way he starts cussing me out
while the lady at the speaker is
listening so that's tomorrow check it
out it's out in the colorations from the
sign up there it's outdoors on Oh guys
can I talk to you
huge like a lot of framer selfie save it
just tell your orbital awkward well
that's the end of day number one in New
York City
I'm excited here I'm happy to see you
and get sentimental hugs loops okay I'm
doing it so Wow look at this view
it's so cool and then it's nice too
because then this going
I want to see that here
well Jim how was your first day
love just loved hanging out with you the
bad I think the highlighted a was when
Jim blew that homeless dude who cares he
cares not a fabric until he'll be did it
for a cigarette that was what the word
for was the strangest thing and then he
asked if he could eat the guy's hope the
guys home I'm filming you said you don't
be film smoking so did it for cigarette
this is the cigarette this is what I
suck dick yeah and then he offered to
eat the got shit
the guy took a shit on the floor and the
Jews are digging around it
of course why why wouldn't I like I can
you come to New York you know what
happened to do things what happens shits
on the floor you dig around would you
find in there nickels condoms with shit
dinner thank you it was like living
through like flashes of the building
Lukas liking but it's so pretty well
that's gonna be a fraternity guys thanks
for watching Kim actually filmed what
Jim couldn't fill the reunion would be a
lily so and we on her channel eventual I
don't know when but I'll get it up so
thanks for watching you guys like
I'm not doing this you better do it or
I'm splashing water I'm not doing this
are you ready like
you say subscribe there you go follow me
on everything and that's it
was that too over-the-top was I with
that nerdy or no hey Kim look this
flashes on the building
you
