well today Bridgette decided that I
should be roasted definitely yeah and
karma you know when I roasted her a
couple of weeks ago it wasn't at this I
didn't have comments waiting on me to be
read and review that's my way of
roasting and be made fun of so here we
go hey you know you definitely made fun
of me like it's just that started
Bridgette posted between asking people
to send roasting names of me so here we
go
pickle boy gets gross
so our first roast comes from Jenna and
she just sent a picture of me compared
to a freaking roasted chicken oh my gosh
it's dead-on Jenna okay I realize it
haha I look like a roasted chicken all
right I'm sorry
I miss that is so dead on it is so dead
on like holy crap oh my god
yes chin up good I'm gonna win to the
Internet today you win the Internet
Jenna I look like a fucking roasted
chicken you're right I look just like
that thing what else did you get cuz I'm
really haha so Annie sends me a tweet
that says hold on Bridget it's a big
load
get me a diaper ah seriously Bridget
when we did your roast there was like
this okay you just was wired what's
gonna make fun of you a little bit
freaking home it's getting freakin
torched you are like how the asshole
feel now it's burning more than it was
before my asshole is scorching on fire
oh my god so or that picture could come
from him
I remember that picture humiliated about
it huh
hi guys jor-el says Mike using magic to
look good in his selfie it's not magic
okay it's just Distortion it's that you
know what man I was happy with that
picture - I know I'm not I love that
picture no now the picture sucks oh I
had magical techniques to get the
picture one who he goes and Bella please
don't mess with anything we got this all
set up all rigged up oh yeah where's
your film of that camera quick and show
how this looks look at this setup I've
had to set up a lamp
picked it right here to counteract the
lighting behind the TV I know for some
reason this kid oh yeah look at this
I've got the freaking Xbox so on top of
the Harry Potter book on top of freaks
and geeks for the camera on top of that
on top of the cat toy oh yeah look I'm
no professional all right hey I'm
getting roasted a million okay I don't
have a mouse's guys name but damn I
gotta burn ass oh man my asshole is
shooting fire and I'm like apparently
gonna skid across the floor or something
oh my goodness you're like one of those
fireworks oh why is everybody using this
picture is this when you used yeah it's
so funny you god man this is
embarrassing this is from last night's
blog I'm humiliated I look like a turkey
I look like I'm taking off into space
this sucks
so Ayden says are you just gonna stand
there or change my diaper
I don't wear diapers you know if you did
for a diaper size absolutely how I would
think you'd be so so if I wore diapers
you would put them on me it would be
late yeah yeah so if I were diapers
Bridget would change them for me I would
sit there on the grass
and divert yeah I feel you and
definitely look like that no I would not
do that
I'm you sending a man I chase Jamie I
wouldn't look like that I wouldn't do
that
the dogs are bumping into my home a
little setup here so the camera did
anything that was Bella thank you Oh
Scott decided to turn me into a big fat
thing flying through space as Darth
Vader watches Oh God
sail through the atmosphere this is
ridiculous man there's a funny picture
thing love that one
oh my god footage I did not know I was
getting myself into when I agreed to be
roasted oh man I did I didn't think
people would post a shit like this the
edited me into space Bridget with Darth
Vader watching if you're supposed to be
like an ass you know I'm probably like a
spaceship heading to Tatooine or
something you know what it is
back to wean forget okay you got me okay
oh I'm done with this thanks for
watching you guys
hey done I don't want to see any more i
hand-picked some more okay why you talk
like this
Bridget is oh I'm gonna turn this roast
around
we're just summon make fun of Bridget
now Oh wake up oh I've never seen that
one
oh gosh my I fucking tap dude Wow if
Lisha wins the Internet - oh me Wow
fuck crudely cut and honestly I don't
know which is better that one or the
chicken the chicken is more visually
accurate this was just you okay oh my
god I don't like being roasted oh hey I
don't like it nobody does please nobody
roast me first of all love the name
titty Foster
second of all I don't get thermometer
shoved up my ass
no come on so let's get this Trey
everybody I wear diapers I shove
thermometers up gasps do you have the
words I don't know every piece I shit in
my diaper
oh yeah I know the worst reputation you
created it babe
I told everyone I start rumors it was
for fun I hate this shit man it's just
rumor I hate this shit I don't like be
roasted oh no I don't Chuck hey you
definitely dead ask me that one so thank
you very much no that's a lie I don't
shove thermometers up my ass okay April
and my dinner would be like that I do
doggy style
how much longer hey Louise
oh my god Jesus Christ Megan so Megan
says I don't see a difference oh wait
yeah I do
the walruses teeth are white her I'm
getting school dude thanks Megan Megan
freakin pone you do everybody's phoning
me okay yeah that's true so if I was a
walrus I would have white fucking fangs
or whatever the hell those are
an animal what animal would you be
probably a walrus or hippopotamus no
something stinky and chanson okay we
done with this okay that is my favorite
I might make that my home screen you
want I literally love it that much this
is the best one so thank you lady gaga
news I love it you put me in a diaper
you put a fucking wand in my hand you
put me in space be totally school is so
far away from Earth okay that was it you
guys thanks for watching I got school
dude I got roasted yeah you got you got
roasted we've got to do this dang good
grandpa absolutely cuz I can't be doing
the one that has this feeling I cannot
be the only one feeling like this click
like if you want us to roast angry
grandpa and we will do the roast of
angry grandpa and I am thoroughly
humiliated if they click like when will
we do it probably after you get back
from New York alright thanks for
watching you guys a little different
video today not a daily vlog people
wanted me to get roasted I decided let's
roast me but I wasn't expecting to be so
like roasting so are we like doing a
different outro now what do you mean
well because they said this really isn't
a vlog it's just you get roasted yes I'm
just saying like subscribe favor and
that's it ok like subscribe favorite
find everything fits it fall wrong shit
and that's gonna be it oh my god froze
us so bad
I'm sorry
I'm not making fun of you that's what
you think and you can stop right now
I thought it'd be a little easier so I'm
looking at me
