what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here
what the fuck are you so enthused about
what was that let's do this over without
all that enthusiasm tone it down okay
what's going on you guys kid behind the
camera here
Photography yeah that's just literally
toned down I mean tone it down I don't
mean talk softer I don't hear me calm
the fuck down
okay yeah what's going on you guys well
comment down I was a little okay what's
going on you could that's not two
objects to your face what's going on you
guys can't be on a camera here vigil is
here
right bigger and today is Tuesday and
today we're gonna grandpa's no we're not
Oh later on today we're gonna find out
the results who's the biggest bitch I
went to he'll win I'm afraid I made
Bridget promise you would not check the
results we want to find out who's the
biggest bitch me or Bridget yeah it's
definitely not me you're the biggest
baby way they hate you okay let's get
this Tuesday started later on we're
gonna find out that loves them too
though she's a bitch
you're the bitch she's bitch what do you
mean I need to say rise up lights what
does that mean I don't know Michael try
it out
rise up lights what is that some kind of
Australian thing for razor blades I
don't know okay listen I'm trying to
pretend like I never seen it before so
Bridget showed us this yesterday look at
it if you say rise up lights
it sounds like an Australian saying
razor blades right light everybody
started doing it I wonder how many
people are doing it right now
rise up lights if you like that's not a
knife razor blade rise up legs size of
life does get rise up lights high this
life so do it at home by the way we did
it to Grandpa yesterday in it light
could I speak at all
I'm gonna get some right I'm gonna get
some rights of blades I'm gonna cut you
with
so I did have to play stop shut up now
I'm sorry stop it hahaha you fucking
stop now ok yeah I went to Grandpa's
house shadows of like watch this this is
the scene okay I want you okay what am I
saying
rise up lights rattle life
rise up lights haha rather Mike rise of
lights rather light yes it's supposed to
sound like
all rise of life what a heli on Bobo
rides a play it's supposed to sound like
an Australian saying razor blades
Liza blanks rays of light fries about my
use neither alive I'm just trying to you
know you right yo now I want either rise
up Knights can eyes of light rise of
lights rise the play rise of night ah
nothing uh Rises life razor blade so yet
no rise of light oh yeah okay so I
wanted to see how many people would
actually take notice of what the title
for yesterday's vlog meant I called it
grandpa
gets nothing and if you didn't know that
is a reference from Willy Wonka and the
Chocolate Factory when he comes up and
oh you contract seven cent excetera you
stole fizzy lifting drinks you bumped
into the ceilings which now have to be
washed and sterilized so you lose sir
you get nothing oh good day sir so I was
thinking would it be hilarious if I do
that to dad
yes because I know what gets on her
dad's skin I know what would piss him
off and I think if I just do that
wow that Michael impressions really get
to hell yeah but I also be yelling at me
Google goddamnit you know my house click
like if you want us to do the Willy
Wonka impressions of grandpa you stole
fizzy lifting drinks you bumped into the
ceilings which now have to do watch so
you get none
thank you loser
Bearden it was sloppy imma do like three
times yeah you get nothing
good day sir I'm hoping he says
something my god
good day sir so that's what the title is
about it was a Willy Wonka reference so
yesterday we filmed a scene I didn't
include it in the vlog but I was
pretending to cook an oven mitt hey
check it out what you want to do you
gotta wait till get dark on the bottom
okay
so you don't want that miss coloration
that's old food
look I'm bored I'm bored of pretending
to foot fucking bullshit
ever since then bridges been asked me
for fucking pancakes some reason cooking
an oven mitt made her want pancakes so
here we are I make here comes a flood
ready yeah that was not coming there yet
are you liking that I love it well Chris
this one ain't ready for yet so yeah I
was cooking the other man bridges that I
want thanks Kate that's exactly how she
said it she was like you know why
Michael like you asked us I'm thinking I
like okay exactly how it happened well
and yesterday's vlog we posted a poll
for you guys to choose which one of us
is a bigger bitch me or Bridget
definitely you definitely Bridget what
they chose you so specific Bridget
posted the poll yesterday now it's time
for us to find out the results Bridget
you're ready to be a bitch
Michael you're only be a bitch okay if
I'm right I get to choose 25 movies
and dinner tonight alright and if I'm
right and you're the bitch
I get it choose 50 movies of my choice
and that means I mean these movies could
be a span of five years before you get
to choose the next movie and you have to
do the worm okay you're getting way more
out of this tonight and I get tucked in
every night with no complaint okay and
then if I'm right then not only first
time bump my mind up to 100 movies and I
don't have to talk to you and ever again
all right so you guys know tucking in is
I have to go up so I have to physically
leave downstairs so I could see the
Bridget gets to sleep okay no okay so
what tucking in is is I say I'm ready
for bed and then we go upstairs and you
cuddle with me all that bullshit all
that bullshit to pick so fun night I
don't have to ever again you're such an
ass shake okay you hurt my heart finger
okay so here we go you guys you guys
have voted 63% Michael oh my gosh what
okay I I expected some votes made with
63 what 37% Michael - I can't even put
you there's no way but I'm a bitch how
did you even give him a choice put
Michael Michael 50 movies a worm I don't
think so Mike I'm sorry you are a
cheater dude you're shady you're a
cheaper no I'm sorry baby
I'm not even shook on it this is
bullshit I'm sorry you never saw it it
is public now you put it in the
description ha ha you got me oh god I
didn't promote in that fricking Pole
I know let me do this baby I do the work
so the only reason I have to do this
because I I'm not giving under the moon
won't give into the movie portion so
I'll do the warm but I'm not going to
sit through any movies bad got something
deal
this is bullshit you rigged it do the
worm or not Jesus fine
you know I dredge it oh how do the one I
don't either
it's okay you teach me you think I owe
you
oh I love your dance moves yeah like a
fucking pro dancer
how does it go I'm always right I'll
hide you like that come on liar fuck god
damn Mike are you okay Oh God so you can
I'm sorry you guys
bloom trying to break free to save you
from this lazy stop and you help the boy
doing up don't fill this baby we got to
break dance that was never agreed to
come on never said what breakdance use
who wants to see it
Hey go down Carlos tell you breakdance
you use cardboard oh god they're so cute
hi buddy I got a brick let card break
hands doing better job in it than you
like what the hell am I supposed to do
here I can't fucking breakdance well
just make it fun of me I'm not making
fun of you that's what you think then
you can stop right now okay
how what does breakdancing Punk it don't
know I thought right this would be a
little easier stop looking at me you're
so cute
spin me what the hell I can do it they
just dragged me on death yeah you do
this here to hell with this don't do it
kill me don't do it no I I was trying to
slide across the floor I'll cool
okay so I haven't made my list yet but I
have come with five how many movies is
it fifty bullshit
fine twenty-five do you all this is
torture
okay number one The Grinch fuck real
action or animation real no not a Jim
Carrey one is the worst movie ever
she knows I hate um number two mr.
Popper's Penguins what is this Jim
Carrey recession please please say pulp
fiction or something dude okay mr.
Popper's Penguins in the Grinch what
else okay the third movie as my stolen
husband only teen wild fucking Lifetime
movie network you can't do this to me
dude you can't make me sit through my
stolen husband no no way dude
no way remember for um let me think
number four I think you mean number two
I don't know when he'll just say that
number know the Grinch mr. Popper's
Penguins my stolen husband so I'm right
number four okay okay I'm not watching
my stolen husband ha ha ha
the first one is Markov and the fifth
one Joe Dirt I even have a number six
I've had a dude Jack and Jill oh don't
make me sit to that I'm hiding with this
I'm sorry those are my toys you don't
want to watch those movies I know it
you're gonna torture yourself to torture
me he hasn't real
my stolen husband isn't even a movie hey
baby
oh it just sounded terrific
we're not watch a Jack and Jill watch
all of them Oh Jackie come on ill even
Joe Dirt
Joe doors not as bad as Jack and Jill
yeah Joe Joe I would even window some
final watching Joe Dirt
who are you kidding me that's obviously
your new favorite movie
oh so anyway that's gonna be it for
today guys thanks for watching she got
me okay you win you're sorry you got a
little breakdance and you I'll be dead a
little musical number I'm so cute we're
not gonna really watch all those movies
are we of course not come on bad up in a
really bad time it all fall anyway I
hope them I get a Grampa tomorrow
hopefully we gotta try that whopper eat
oh and that's gonna be it for today guys
thanks for watching
I got a Crystal Pepsi I'm gonna drink
tomorrow oh I you drank it I drank that
I know I know
for me fucking out right now babe you
liar
chill I my Crystal Pepsi is here don't
touch that that's my sweet little
delicious crystal baby I'll save you for
tomorrow
hello why are you freaking out for Oh
what the hell's out on the boss you shit
on your break okay I did not shit on the
box enough dude I'm gonna get out of
here thanks for watching like you love
make a fun favorite it's time for you to
say follow me everything I love
everything for two eyes and that's it
she shut on the bomb yeah me should know
boy show on it
tomato whopper 3
Wario there you go baby's got it but you
want to teach him how to go teach an old
dog new tricks and say you know what go
to go Jesus say one more time while guru
say he lost
ah decide to walk upon one say again
what is it
Rita the original a burrito is
