ladies and gentlemen to YouTube Kimi had
a camera comedy once again through the
power of the internet you sound familiar
that's not my intro I've done this
before but I wanted to take other
people's intros what's will sell you
bean boogie Oh duh what's going on you
guys keep getting hammer anyway what's
going on you guys kick me out of camera
here vision yeah it's your old pal kid
behind a camera here what are other
people's intros I want to steal uh what
other people say I don't watch many
youtubers but I need to steal somebody
else's intro what up brah browse what up
peeps hey that's nobody I just took I
was pretending that was somebody that
was go who is that no I made that up
seriously I wanted to take a minute to
give a shout-out to YouTube or his name
is couch Doug check it now made it there
is no couch it there might be but it is
it was totally coincidental we cover
this again what's going on you guys get
me out of camera here did you see yeah
right there and today what are we doing
today going to grandpa's we're going to
grandpa's and today I'm coming home and
watching wrestling and today we're
playing no man's sky by the way when I
said couch Doug I was talking about her
she's a couch thug you know why she
yells at me to give her the remote
you're gonna talk you lose the remotes
all the time they don't care about that
your couch Doug so now it's Doug okay
guys you see we have no intro today's
anyway my god we have nothing
so forget if we got nothing let's cut
the intro we're going over to Grandpa's
house today if you didn't see the video
we uploaded yesterday we pranked it with
the hunter lairs challenge house check
out if you didn't see the vlog we put up
yesterday I showed you what's inside of
a pool table we completely demolished
that thing it's done the pool table is
destroyed well we're at Grandpa's house
and you got a hold of that yeah it was
so good it's good I love coffee grandpa
made us Alfredo
hmm never good so are you still pissed
how am I going to do yeah he made us all
Frida how pissed can he be well he's
probably going to be ain't remember how
I told you I was gonna get you a pool
table
yeah where's that I'm thinking oh why
because you know you never replace our
stuff did you give me a new ps4 when you
broke thought about okay well I thought
about the pool table and then I said no
so but you're fine with that yeah you're
cool yeah you don't even say yeah I do
you told me you can be a three grand
lady follow a little too well show me
Winston no no he doesn't get a pool
table so thought about it decided
against it he coped okay shake on it
I ain't big you know you shirts on
backwards right no oh
have you seen Burke he's got a new thing
what I got it's called the wah perrito
the wah wah wah perrito singer burrito
whopper I really want to try it myself
what yeah everybody can do it it's like
a it's like a thing that all human
beings know how to do oh sure they don't
bathroom not anymore
so it's magic the Whopper ego is
basically a burrito whopper what so
click like if you want grandpa to try
the whopper Ito from Burger King I'm
ready
what is that and why I could have that
dog so I don't have the waffle reader
why would you eat first why'd you have
to cut it in half I think it was more
like a veil like a big threat I think so
too
I'm ready I love rule what's going well
per whopper speed repeat after me
whopper clobber burrito burrito Walker
read it Bob burrito there you go
huh burrito hey he's got it both if you
want to teach him how to you want teach
an old dog new tricks
that's how you know what go to hell up
Jesus say one more time while guru day
he lost ah decides to walk a ruler say
again what is it
Rita you were bred out a burrito is oh
jeez it I turned up right when I turned
on the camera i back i want Oh My Jesus
Christ
ah so FF you're the doors of what stinks
so before I get out of here we're going
to Burger King what are we trying what
we're going to Burger King what are we
trying for the Rob laughs Rosie what
where's it go
Walter losing yeah that's right the
whopper Uzi yeah you got to say that we
order it oh yeah you know say what it's
called the whopper you lose you give me
what I walk through so it click like if
you want grandpa to try the whopper
Rouge yeah burn my asshole
uh-uh burn my butthole even got a censor
yourself
you said asshole burns instincts my nose
burns my eyes burn gives a damn she
really can breathe a mustard gas okay so
what happened
lazy went to the next-door neighbor's
yard why he's not so concerned I was
really concerned because I didn't know
how to get him back
so I took a squeak toy so you guys know
we don't have a relationship with
neighbors you don't like they they don't
like us because we scream and stuff that
what happened was the piece of offense
is like broken and he like jump through
it he took shit in the yard as a bunch
of shit in their yard he would not come
to me Michael oh my god I was squeaking
this damn toy and he was just like Jesus
Christ him
until finally he came oh geez so lazy
snuck into the neighbor's yard hopefully
I can like prevent that from happening I
don't wanna have to deal with the
neighbors yeah no they do not like they
no no I don't know okay I would rather
not have to have a conversation with
them bad they hate us we hate them and I
know you watch our vlogs by the way we
know I actually hate you you're actually
the best people that we've ever met very
friendly and stuff you're very friendly
and very helpful yeah dude yeah Clyde
broke it he breaks them all hopefully
this one it'll work it works to keep
them from crossing into the other living
room hey I think I'll keep them from
getting into another yard you're
probably right so admit it I'll be
honest I thought I had more dialogue I
could provide to the scene other than so
you I just said this shit like you'd
notice what is that supposed to mean you
know like shed because I'm always next
to you so I just got off the phone with
Charles and Charles so politely wanted
to let me know about the dinner we ate
tonight Bridget you haven't heard this
yet so what did he do
so dad made us fettuccine alfredo
tonight and it was good it was very good
it was delicious it was warm
it was gooey had like a nice milky
flavor to it what didn't you do it was
delicious
what did he do it was like a week old so
it's really old I don't know how old
maybe
maybe Friday maybe last week well I
guess it's a good damn thing that it was
in the microwave for 20 minutes like I
said so dad I don't know what that was
what is it with whether this was a prank
I don't know if you filmed it if you
film it you didn't give me no camera
either way I'm if I feel sick I will
take a shit on your porch me too
say you know I don't know shame I will
do it I've got a bird asshole but I will
burn my asshole all over your front
porch if you have given me something
that makes me smeared on the glass door
I don't think maybe Charlie messin with
us I don't know if it's true but I think
it might have been old so he sometimes
freezes it frozen it still makes it kind
of fresh yeah that all I know is Charlie
said that they had fettuccine like a
couple nights ago
so couple nights ago or a week ago I
don't know the timeframe Charlie just
said it was old the food we ate was old
we ate old fettuccine grandpa got us ill
and I think it was his revenge for
destroying the pool table and if I know
my dad he didn't wash his hands when he
made it so we ate ass and we called
fettuccine okay stop I come on your
bitch
no you hear what I deal with folks are
you crying okay I was going to let that
clip go by itself that's enough uh
here's the full segment mare of her
calling me a bit I was gonna leave it as
is in the vlog but I can't do it so
here's the full thing this phone sucks
what I like to freakin fast look
something happened and it skipped Paul
Heyman's whole fucking promo are you
serious
is the only reason look what the hell
he's gonna ask me if I saw it then I
have to fucking lie now what's the hell
happened I don't know what it's the last
this was shut up Paul I love you shut up
oh my god what the hell man what the I'm
serious that is weird I'm looking at you
you think I do this I think you might
have messed with the wires or something
how mean how unscrew them yeah you think
I did that how did this happen I don't
know Michael beers like an idiot if you
think it was me
fuck it dude I give up give up I give up
so I ain't weak old food my satellite
fucked up this is not my debuted it's on
my day either but a bitch all day who
you you've been a bitch to you been a
bitch all day so you been a bitch
Michael I haven't a shit you did you're
being a bitch because you're quitting
smoking right now I'm not being a bitch
Bridget has decided to try to quit
smoking and she's taking that out on me
I'm not doing shit apologize an offset
for what see you're literally being a
bitch I big aperture this see what have
I done today except just tell my tablet
I was show Helen ass Oh people are
talking about how good the segment was
and I had to miss it that's some shit
man
don't film it no so I've got to walk
into SummerSlam this Sunday with zero
knowledge what Paul Heyman just said oh
why don't you call him so what am i said
hey Paul what's up man yeah yeah real
quick can you recap your whole promo for
me but you did well Michael my sad my
satellite fucked up okay let me do it
yeah we'll do that why did he do that
for me
why wouldn't he because he's got shit to
do
Paul Heyman I'm gonna call him he's
gonna say you really think but you're
his best friend okay
have you ever heard us talk on the phone
and he recap an entire promo for me you
never asked
I'm not going I cannot believe I'm
quitting smoking with your freaking
attitude like this I'm hungry
how's that what it is yes your bitch no
you hear what I deal with folks are you
trying you know I was you know I'm gonna
do what I'm just gonna cut to use
calling me a bitch and cut everything
else out of the vault
hey I know I'm editing it I'm at it
again so I wasn't really clear the last
time I asked you guys this question uh
I'm gonna ask it again and this time let
us know in the comments who's a bigger
bitch I'm gonna pose a Twitter Paul
who's a bigger bitch is it yeah I should
vote that bitch is it that or is it me
bat for me let us know in the comments
Bridget versus Michael who's the bigger
bitch let's find out once and for all
she's got a pole in the bottom click it
who's the bigger bitch just please click
Bridget well we just found the problem
with what happened with the satellite
Bella for some reason decided to try to
chew up the wire for the satellite oh my
gosh luckily I fixed it totally you
should apologize to me Bella should I be
shut up mama sorry yeah I should hit you
I'm gonna tell your mama sorry all right
I might to find the dog breeder we got
you from and I'll tell her sorry I don't
know what I'm sorry for the Bell that's
mama I'm just okay I'm sorry
oh I'm sorry I am really it was a little
half second that I blamed No
thank God I was just talking really loud
cuz I farted and it was like hollowed
out my whole asshole and I was speaking
over it holy crap you shit your hair I
did not I did I fuck well that's gonna
be a for today guys thanks for watching
Bridget I'm not sorry uh I'm you need to
be social if I go please no I said
please I'm just joking so I'm gonna get
out of here
I missed Paul Heyman's entire prom oh
and no I can't ask Paul what he said we
don't even talk wrestling it's not a
thing with he like he doesn't like to
talk about wrestling so hey somebody
tweet me the link I'm sure to be posted
online somebody tweet me the link so I
can watch it don't tweet in the link and
then go vote Bridget as the biggest
bitch on her boat I'm gonna get out of
here thanks for watching you guys I'm
starting to feel kind of like my stomach
come on don't say that no no I'm not
pranking you I'm being legitimate come
on fart over there filling it was
leading to a shit you change your
panties I didn't do that okay like
subscribe fit nope Zenden let me guys
and that's it let's get a thumbnail
Charlie I'm ready Maya
Oh Charlie went fucking we're working on
the chain gang ah whoa shit what are you
doing I'm holding it a shit I don't a
shit today why because my bird ass so
I'm trying to give it a rest Michael go
shit my Verte asshole so screwed up
yesterday I'll be fine my go up go take
shit I wanna let it all out at the wall
my God's gonna burn you
