what's going on you guys can't be on the
kids blurry this is how I get started
for Josie yes weird she seems to like to
be like to turn it to her when it's
blurry because she thinks she looks
better so um don't I I'll blur it for
you what's going on you guys fridge of
us here that could be anybody you guys
it's not Bridget not Bridget so and so
he are right there fuck bitch there haha
today is Sunday and today we're playing
no man's sky like awesome you fool what
I do the talking I'm sorry today for
today is Sunday and today this is me
talking and I haven't seen the video we
uploaded yet on the anchor grandpa show
channel grandpa got pranked yesterday oh
yeah he was real pissed we destroyed his
pool table
we wrapped him in saran wrap and I told
everybody at the beginning of the video
that I was going to be getting grandpa a
new pool table but now I'm not so sure
just throwing it out there I'm not so
sure I've been thinking look I mean I'll
be honest I've been thinking you
destroyed my TV destroy my ps4 maybe I
shouldn't get him a new pool hey you
know I could agree with that so I kind
of only said it so they wouldn't hate me
but all the while I was like I'm not
you're on like yeah this is good it did
feel good to destroy something his for
one so we destroyed grandpa's pool table
if you haven't seen the video stop this
that's fake blood from yesterday's vlog
by the way check it out stop this video
check it out we destroyed this pool
table we wrapped him in saran wrap it
was a hundred layers challenge you know
this is stupid
hey you were not to film that babe it's
okay I was putting aunt Minh in my ass
wait I haven't gotten to that yet by the
way I'm having a minimize cuz I got a
burned asshole right because I'm taking
medicine not for any other reason than
that embellishment following me around
smelling shit yeah
oh shit if my ass Bella oh my gosh every
time I take medicine I get a burned ass
okay that there I've addressed it it's
not funny
oh my god and I got ointment all over me
Mike oh that is so gross oh yeah so you
have a medicated asshole you know I
covered the lens you don't finish the
thought when the lenses don't have a
kick dirt ass oh babe it's okay no I
have to know about it just tell everyone
how freaking worried you are about what
your your you actually think it's like
more than it I think it's like a
permanent problem maybe I don't know
we'll see
okay yes this is one of those like
cushions for my asshole like the donut
thingies yes do you need susat for honey
when the sports hall he needs a very
birth oh well can you provide for me
it may be an ice pack I don't know so I
will just sit here with an ice pack on
my asshole yeah maybe feel better I
don't know this sucks I hate this yeah
well I don't need all the room I can get
okay my ass bones I can definitely get
you an ice pack
I need no burn cream or something what
are you looking at
hey my type thing oh yes the camp rice
beer
I'm taxing idiot oh hold up the camera
please I don't uh no no it's I I see
that you're holding four selfie stick
what are you trying to fool me with I'm
sorry so this is funny to you I've
caught me
how much were you filming I filmed like
almost two minutes I mean okay so you
feel me like sitting on my ass and stuff
and they assumed it are you serious
please the dogs are worried about me how
come you aren't Hey oh my god
are you trying to tell me that it's
covered lens lens my dinner I don't
throw it please just stop it you buddy
come on face
there what are the channels that I like
to watch here on YouTube is called
what's inside uh by the way if they ever
see this video my apologies cuz I know
you're a father and son duo
and this one isn't it oh yeah hit this
little innocent father-son channel hey
let's go see what's inside things I mean
while I'm talking about what's in anyway
uh Murray's dude I'm talking about my
burnt ass on this whole blog he can't
show us on this oh my god people tell
the guy to skip to this part so he
doesn't have to see anybody burn asshole
stuff oh my gosh so anyway one sign of
burnt ah ah you're gross
just stop it okay uh all right with her
she tried flutist she smells like mint
you gotta stop her hello no Bella please
leave me alone I'm cutting all that out
so one of the channels that I like to
watch on YouTube I'm gonna keep it I
know you're gonna keep laughing so I
have to keep it anyway yeah one of the
channels that I like to watch on YouTube
is called what's inside if you haven't
seen what's inside they cut down the
middle of shit and they show you what's
inside something like what's inside of a
coffee cup what's inside of a couch and
I figured what's inside of a bull table
because we did it in this video we
deconstruct this fucking pool table in
this vlog so as a tribute to what's
inside we're doing what's inside a pool
table and if you want to check out
what's inside there link is below check
them out I highly recommend their
channel it's awesome truly love their
channel I watched a few um what's inside
of beehives by the way what's inside do
a real version of what's inside of a
pool table cuz I just saw it all smashed
up anyway this is the aftermath this is
what's inside of a pool table but no
they're just guide you know oh my god
hey Dad can you move your hands no no
this is about 50 layers up dude no quit
all right
no ah
tighter no Oh would you chill I don't
know you don't know good luck come on
let's just pick this up look I'm gonna
get you another cool thing you can leave
good can we talk down no oh listen can I
explain why I did it
you want to rap you have iron yellow
water doctor we had to do the hundred
layer challenge no listen oh you want me
to be honest with you you ain't never on
I'm trying to be right now that pool
tables falling apart it was old to me
you had stuff under it so will be level
so we just want to get you a new one
someone give you the money you're gonna
get yourself into the pool table I like
the old one well I don't want you to be
mad and there you are I am very mad at
you I could beat your ass right there
good you don't hit me
so just what I feel I can break next
time your dad come on young you're
getting another one a better one my turn
Lucy okay for me we'll give you the
money for it
jeez how much is new we're gonna cross
but you valve no that's a long look on
Amazon these are really yummy mm I don't
know I hope not I was thinking more like
400 you give me no damn baby :
so achievements for on how much did that
cost three thousand okay
Oh don't the paw board of use he's good
now
who's that Charlie does he still got to
move out no you do you can't go back the
grill was unfortunate everybody knew
grilling just ain't gonna like fall I'm
afraid of that date all right I think we
need to call it adjuster so here's the
question Dan how do we move this fucking
thing I have no idea anyone to call
don't get a chainsaw burn it where's all
that rock shit asleep in what happens to
that there's it was because of dumpster
is it poisonous oh my god I know if not
poisoning we tell you Sam I'm burning up
high you can burn hell break my building
maybe I'm just glad I think dance here's
what I think happened I think you're
more angry that we restrained you hey
Ella yeah that did piss me off that's
the only reason I'm sympathizing with
dad right now is because I know what it
feels like yours I couldn't even imagine
holy crap
tell you the plastic wrap I'm joking
Frank oh my god like good luck how far
is that I know what to do should we
Harshman come to this I feel like we
should it's crazy
nothing I can do I can't move it as for
his head oh let me go let me go look out
for a second
whoo Oh
how you feeling bad oh that's satisfying
isn't it quite see the sparks come honey
go get it this is a good thumbnail for
the vlog oh my god oh and we're gonna
picture physics
that pool tables dad Charlie after he
told you couldn't have that TV huh oh my
god daddy was never Oh chill out
holy crap let's get a thumbnail Charlie
huh ready smile Oh God oh yeah well
Charlie went fucking we're working on
the chain gang aah whoa whoa I hate you
you're gonna get another one here that
look back at me mad
that was fine I don't need ads no tot
that's for a while sorry
we talked a while we sure I've never
seen that at a loss for words before I
know now you how I felt when you
destroyed my ps4 oh yeah and everything
how and the only thing is I'm actually
gonna give you the money for another
long as you can find a part of 50 bucks
no we'll get you a new one
damn
well that's gonna be a for today guys
thanks for watching
pretty good day thanks for watching guys
oh so like thanks too much anyway we
might go over to grandpa's house
tomorrow let us know if you want us to
go click like we'll head over to see
grandpa I got some tough want to talk to
him way about like maybe tell him we're
not getting him that pool today oh my
god I don't want to know his reaction to
be honest so that's if I do that I might
get the way you know I don't know why I
guess just really depends I mean I don't
know so if you ever want to know what
was inside of a pool table that a whole
bunch of rocket would it's crazy that it
was not those Sparks and chunks of
chiselled raghav it was like no man's
sky when I went mining this little
pieces of rock everywhere so I gotta I'm
getting I'm gonna play Mele on sky ah
I'm just joking that's gonna be it for
today guys thanks for watching hope you
liked the video hope you liked the vlog
hope you like the aftermath that's gonna
be it like subscribe favorite fall on
everything for to us hmm don't follow
her I thought about it it's not like ass
it's no I don't
how could you smell an appointment line
bro ha ha
tell them to follow me please follow her
what I smell like it's so great and
that's it and that's it ciao my smell
good he don't smell like those
oh my god oh my god oh my
ha ha no what
