what's going on you guys can't be ID
okay so hold on wait is blurry vigilante
yeah okay its unborn man what's going
what's going on today is Saturday by the
way everyone was calling me a bitch and
then a lot of people are saying you're a
bitch and a lot of people are saying
we're both busy bitches ain't shit but
hoes today we're bitches and today
Saturday and today we're going over to
grandpa's and why are we going over
grandpas don't prank his ass oh my god
ass today
ah I don't like it I hated it I did yeah
I didn't know I just liked it also hated
it Oh today is Saturday today
we're pranking grandpa's ass and I want
to go to Target China Halloween
decorations that's not happening today
we're pranking grandpa and I don't want
to give too much away I don't want to
spoil the prank for you but it involves
an axe and plastic wrap oh my god an axe
guys I'm using an axe I don't have
enough strength to swing it hiccup is
using the axe yeah I'm a man such a man
oh yeah I'm using an axe today I don't
want to prolong this but we got to get
to Grandpa's house we got a prank his
ass we're going over right now let's get
this Saturday started plastic wrap act
style so we just had a big box of
plastic wrap it's gone I swear I left
her right here so what I got sucked into
a black hole maybe even cleanup space
games Bridget where's the plastic right
dude I swear to god I don't know where
it's at maybe it's in the other living
room
let's check this living what the hell
check the microwave what I mean really
it disappeared so I fuck oh that benefit
was in there oh really oh I'm serious
dude I don't know where'd that this is
really weird
I had it 1 minute ago and I walked over
there for the intro so you hadn't moved
it I didn't you had two of what look
Wyatt
well yeah you did - yeah why would I put
it there you had one to go to crap and
you sat it behind no I definitely put on
the sink bridge me Bridget if you're
gonna deny it that means the only other
option is a ghost like well you're
obviously denying this you miss you left
plastic wrap you're such a bad liar
Bridget I walked over but listen to the
intro you took a second you came in took
a shit or something and you set this
behind you just wipe your ass with
plastic wrapper I don't know it wasn't
me it was you maybe I'm at dad's and we
just got done pranking him how mad are
you
I would say dad's about 11 right now I'm
gonna show you guys something
and I want you to take a guess what's
missing how mad are you but out of
mid-level of one to ten you're out of
here 1 to 10 how mad are you I don't
want to know is it a 10 is it higher
than a 10 yeah weren't you mad at Rowley
anymore he's I he's a follower he's not
a leader you usually are useful I try
just deal back told me to do so you hate
me but that's how I'm gathering this so
when my co talked I said no dad you said
no you didn't still I thought mine was a
bad idea
so he did I'll admit it he did say was a
bad idea
we praise grandpa with a hundred layers
challenge I'll be up a real challenge
yes it's a real challenge I think you
did that just dropping me a lot down
well I did need to have you locked down
I thought of a funny way to spin it
thank you for helping us clean EJ
dad it's all right it's all out of love
I love you too charlie
you just forgot the face oh that's funny
to you you love me and you know it I'm
your favorite there was a day yes say
goodbye dad as we light it
I need a fuse or something get a little
closer
we're this is your effigy
so long farewell you say I do to you not
anything you waiting at all
leave it to Charlie I heard that dad has
to leave you don't want to watch it here
we go
latin work how dangerous is that shit
very this is gonna be a big ass fire
yeah that's why I'm so close to it whoa
here we go don't think we got him do ya
oh man look I black smoke oh yeah Oh
whoo whoo through the frickin bar on
there no I'll go far ha ha no mother
that's just the Northern Light it's a
roar borealis mother yeah whoa oh yeah
oh that's a good idea
I don't either well dad you want to pay
your respects to it cuz ah here come dad
don't get too close
Charlie's got a bucket of gasoline
remember some me
here we go you ready oh shit
motherfucker go for it
oh my god holy Sh you'll get the Bruce
you do kill my goddamn wait hot the hoes
you Danny Oh God holy moly face it I
gotta get a thumbnail delegator fire no
right now Bridget is texting me she's
talking about how I'm gonna get sick
from breathing in the fumes from this
fire so I'm gonna make her think I'm
getting sick all day
congratulations Bridget your night is
sealed I'm gonna be sick until I tell
you it's a prank at the end of the night
Bridget says you want to be buried a
crewman because you're gonna die from
toxic fumes that I said feeling sick
we're gonna have to put out this fire a
touch all right adding up top yeah let's
do that now yeah you're good
damn yeah yeah Bridget texted me ask if
I want to be buried or cremated is that
Bridget said you only buried or cremated
cuz you're gonna die from toxic fumes
I'm at a text or picture of me in front
of the fire
Tech's need to Bridget I'm real close
bird you know you don't like that my
back is hot well we're leaving grandpa's
house right now
you know honestly my god I feel sick
I got jumped along I feel sick what oh
I'll get a minute
hey you theater one it's all the talk
tunes
Wyatt well there was like black smoke do
you need to go to the hospital
Bridgette quit freaking out okay yeah
let's fungal gonna call an ambulance
what so we're leaving grandpa's house
right now I'm gonna call it in no you're
not are you okay
I'll be fine let's get to the house I
just need some sleep sleep yeah just
little sleep are you tired
oh I've got everything what which house
it um but what you okay i room spinning
so michael chilled wreath budget freeze
just salt I burned all those chemicals
earlier come on
it was black smoke I'll take you to the
hospital I'm not gonna let you do that
well we're home we were at Target I had
to get home because it wasn't feeling
very well I'll be fine Bridgette I just
got done throwing up about five minutes
so what yes I was throwing up seriously
yeah Bridgette I got my favorite okay
it doesn't smell like puke okay you know
what
yeah I know I'm not able to evolve with
them and puke in any week so we're not
talking about this I'm embarrassed
already I probably ate too much as what
it was or it was the smell I didn't
breathe in that much of it they were all
those that some of the smoke was Green
what does that mean I don't know I'm so
I'm sure it's not good you're freaking
out over nothing
seriously sugar the hospital there no
are you sure rooms not spending that bad
anymore Michael
okay so right now Britain I feel alone
and cold and scared
lazy you're ruining my scene okay but
lazy doesn't feel that way we feel cold
lonely and afraid because Breaking Bad's
over we just finished watching the
series I feel like we should restart it
right now come on we can't not that so
lazy I don't give a fuck okay you got
this little hat and that's all we come
talk to him while I take a shower fell
you want a hot pocket Mel wants all
pocket
all right I only can have a hot pocket
you can have it you can't have hot for
me Oh God if clutch love you so thirsty
for i-ight alright so we still got all
these hot pockets
okay what the fuck it's been happening
all night okay hit the fake just stop
Bridget okay so all right we're gonna
play eeny meeny miny Bridget film we're
gonna play eeny meeny miny moe Michael
stop it it's just smoke Bridget wasn't
that but would you film okay we're gonna
play eeny meeny miny moe Michael that's
not good
stop it what it's not that much blood we
gotta take it to the hospital
Bridget I don't know this is not good
that Michael how are you not freaking
out right now
I cried earlier medic
was a lot more earlier it's getting
better obviously Michael come on stop it
I'm calling on the line please hurry nah
I'm calling right oh and why do I have
blood on me bar for me hello now I'm
freaking out why doing Bridgette it's
from this chill
maybe I'm freaking toxic to Richie I
faked all of it all day I've been
fucking with you white yeah I'm not
toxic good yeah so here's what I was
gonna say we're gonna play eeny meeny
miny moe for our hot pops but it was all
bullshit I just wanted you to come out
here and felt that mad yes so not on my
memo I'm fine
folks are you yes I'm not even feeling
sick everything we're doing has been
bullshit since you took you're such a
bitch you're seriously such a bitch yeah
I was a good prank you guys wanted a
good one we get her I got her
Oh Joe ass I get you back come on
love you well that's gonna be a pretty
day guys thanks for watching
praying grandpa I prank Bridget are you
okay though like you promised Bridget
when you watch the vlog later you'll see
I've been fucking with you all day guys
I always freak out over the shit there
was even an extra inside the hi hi hey
can I talk there's even the extra scene
in target while I made her that I didn't
put here check this out hey babe what do
you need some vagisil
I know you drunk wholesome okay okay
just chill a little Michael
swear on my life just kidding just I'm
cool yeah I was messing with you
I was messing with you all day Bridget
any more come outside she was texting me
from the window come inside
so anyway we prank grandpa I don't give
it away what it was we did the hunter
layers challenge we pranked them oh my
god it was so funny it's not that hard
to guess what we did but you want to see
it check out the video tomorrow we prank
grandpa I prank Bridget good day for me
mm-hmm well I'm just glad you're okay
I'm a prank you again - no you're not
met before next week is out you will be
praying gross the second time you'll see
would T we would T anyway thanks for
watching you guys like subscribe
favorite follow everything but Josh hold
on
alright liar the room spinning that is
it and that's it huh Kentucky on TV show
that was Anita for the outro god damn
okay would you - I don't know
they're trying to reconnect it it won't
connect oh my oh my god dude where are
we gonna sit here oh my god yeah it's
all kinds of fucked up
