and then the guys like okay I need to
admit to something and he starts
reaching in his bag and dead like Mike
oh god with you guys oh god yeah what is
it man oh god I swear to God I just saw
somebody
what's going on you guys get me out of
camera here through the intro what I
can't dance and be happy anymore
yes you can't head okay okay I realize
so all right I'm so in it
hi guys the most awkward at this point I
don't think I'm comfortable just yet
there's a full body shot abridged
everybody full body blows half body
how's my dancing guys oh I gotta cover
the funds why are you dancing so
awkwardly there what happened I'm just
happy it's my little happy dance can I
not be happy man okay drop it guys
today it's Thursday and today we're
doing a little bit of cooking and I'm
cooking something that Bridget hates
it's just I don't prefer it I'll never
order it our restaurant let's not spoil
I don't want to spoil the guys and the
Superbowl related I'll let you guys take
guesses away you think that I'm making
guys today is Thursday today we got
something important to talk about what
full body shot oh yeah everybody clicked
like yesterday to see a full body shot
Oh Bridget so let's do this
all right Bridget you ready to do this
I'm ready to do this guy's so yesterday
in the vlog everybody clicked like
because they wanted to see a full body
shot of Bridget now guys it's been a
whole thing and I'm not gonna get into
the controversy of what's happening
right now because I'm done with all that
stuff but there was a controversy and
people found some pictures of Bridget at
grandpa service now first things first
that I just want to throw out there is
how awful is it that somebody would find
a horrible shot at a Funeral oh I know
you know here she is grieving for the
loss of one of the most important people
in her life oh by the way she looks
really fat and it was disgusting
but she wants to address it so look some
people are pricks and that's what it is
you know we are we all told you guys
what started to happen with Bridget when
she started to gain weight we talked
about it yeah it's not like it's really
easy to lose weight
and it's not like a secret and we don't
try to keep it a secret yeah do I do I
try to protect angle filmer of course
and the reason he does that is because
of why we're addressing this now exactly
I don't you know because the reason I do
these like angles is because I don't
need her like being ripped apart by
people on the internet because it hurts
my feelings to hurt her feelings she
doesn't care don't care it hurts my
feelings because I love her and I don't
want her to have to deal with this but
she doesn't care so guys this is the
horrible picture of Bridget from
grandpa's service it's rough guys there
it is you guys
Bridget's full body picture from grandpa
service you know I didn't want anybody
to see it because it's like look it's
really awkward when you don't want to be
like seen like that on camera because of
the reaction you're gonna get from
people but Bridget doesn't care so that
neither should I so there you go yeah I
really don't care guys this it's me it
is what it is and I'm happy and
Michael's happy with me it's all that
matters so you ready to do the next
scene yeah Oh guys click like if you
want Michael to throw my full body in
vlogs and vlog they're doing it look
like if you don't care I don't care it
is what it is guys let's do some cooking
hell up our into the bargain that was
the full-body shot at Bridget I can't
wait to see how many accounts get made
using that phone oh it's gonna happen
guys for real it it's gonna happen it is
what it is cover the lens but I think
it's funny I mean these people they
literally live for nothing else yes
funny you just cover the lens with the
Super Bowl coming up there's been a lot
of people asking me to come up with
ideas for them to cook during their
Super Bowl parties and if you're not
aware the Super Bowl this year is the
Philadelphia Eagles versus the New
England Patriots so the first thing that
comes to my mind is Philly cheesesteaks
if you're wondering why I'm cooking
Philly cheesesteaks and you know not New
England clam chowder I don't know what
you guys eating over a New England okay
besides
clam chowder I'm not gonna
guys well what are they in Boston well
what are they eat in Boston I don't know
I don't know how do you know what he's
about what is Boston s because the pages
are in Massachusetts no the Patriots are
in New England no I mean do you think
New England there's a state New England
is a state Bridget
welcome to 2018 sweetie bro why are you
being serious right now
I'm keeping this in the vlog okay okay
everybody we're cooking Philly
cheesesteaks or we're cooking whatever
for the Boston freaking what it's New
England Bridget Michael okay so it's uh
new england massachusetts maybe okay
I assume it's a city in Massachusetts
it's the capital of New England is like
Fairfield New England huh I think that
it's a state okay New York New Mexico
New England feel stupid
Michael New England is not a stationary
hey Siri I'm gay hey Siri where is New
England North Dakota North Dakota so
ours New England North Dakota is it
North Dakota's football team
you said Massachusetts so we're both
wrong
how was no angle no stay Google New
England Patriots right google it
oh my god hold on guys calm down I gotta
win this argument here is New England a
state it's a common question on Google
oh man it's not right where is it
Boston Cambridge is in Massachusetts bro
the New England Patriots are in
Massachusetts what how did you even know
that that's number one that's number one
how did you know that I don't know I
just know things it's a thing that I
know cut this out of the vlog I'm
actually gotta sit down for this one
New England an estate you thought New
England was a state I'm really but do
you know what state you're in
Bridget let's do the whole thing we're
in a real state clapping elf Caroline
now stop it I'm gonna keep the whole
intro that I said bro are you ready no
talk to you about this cuz I don't know
how the hell you thought those days so
is there a city in Massachusetts called
newing look no okay so why are they
called how do I answer let us storm the
council ask you I said just Google I
think we need to stop test we're be
doing it ready no right now just give me
don't you please have it okay okay guys
if you're wondering while we're making
Philly cheese day let me get Philly
cheesesteaks guys because you know God
please just fill me now if you're
wondering why we're making Philly
cheesesteaks and set up you know
something we go over there in Boston are
you guys it is time for a little bit of
cooking won today's vlog now today I'm
gonna be cooking a little bit of a
little bit of Philadelphia delicacy when
I make the Philly cheesesteak now the
reason I'm not making anything for the
New England Patriots right now is
because I don't know what you guys eat
over there in the Boston area which is
where the Patriots are from do what do
what no what are you doing stop I didn't
think that Bridget did
No you thought it okay
is it not feasible that New England was
its own state with its own delicacy no
you don't think so what I'm doing the
new scene please don't interrupt it guys
over there in Boston you have your own
delicacy I don't know what it is
what fun I messed up okay thought all
right just let me redo this humiliate
every one of the freaking lobbies
listening to this what are they saying
unplug the headset I want to hear what
they're saying about me what what are
they saying
okay repeat yourself as you got them
courage okay this is not please man she
got me okay
let's cook Philly cheesesteaks michael
style yeah Sarnoff with a little bit of
olive oil right there you guys olive oil
bobbled by peppers and onions boom yes
no it wasn't I'm not doing this we're
having us twit whiz no we're not having
with whiz because we don't have cheese
with damn it this whole cooking book
spot snack as a Bridget please stop
interrupting me all right anyways I am
saut√©ing up peppers and onions and we'll
be back in just a second
cooking our meat and I'm embarrassed the
thing that I read said that the onions
and peppers in the Philly cheesesteak
are pickled well I don't have time to
pickle my own bell peppers and onions so
I'm adding a little bit of honey
balsamic
just to touch for that little bit of
sour sweet flavor that comes with
pickling I could ruin it or it could be
delicious I don't know we'll find out
what I'm eating next up is some good
meat now every time that I heard about
Philly cheesesteaks I thought I used
ribeye steak but everything that I read
tonight said to use skirt steak so
that's a skirt steak I froze it for
about an hour and then I shaved it into
these really thin pieces and now putting
it with some oil this meat is gonna cook
up really fast you guys you just want it
brown I'm gonna saute it up and then add
your peppers salt and pepper now we're
adding our peppers right back into there
with the meat a little bit of Parmesan
cheese I'm just adding slices of
American cheese right over the steak you
guys now this is a cardinal sin to the
members of the philadelphia foodie
community come on don't fuck up on me
because they like Cheez Whiz but the
thing that I said saw adds slices of
cheese I'm just going by recipe folks
don't be mad at me now we're gonna let
it melt like this
there we go you guys alright the cheese
is officially melted now and
and I mix it together please yield the
steak and the cheese as one and a holy
matrimony sorry that I keep getting too
close to the camera but this looks
delicious oh man we've got us a slightly
toasted bun right here folks
plop down some of that in there and
there you have it folks the South
Carolina version of Philly cheesesteak
mm-hmm it's good though huh uh-huh
can't keep meeting them but mmm first
time ever made one my throat's burning
mmm gonna be getting out of here in just
a few minutes you guys it's about five
o'clock in the morning I'm really the
only one awake and I wanted to do a
throwback Thursday story you know making
these Philly cheesesteaks tonight
sort of took me back to when I went to
Philadelphia with dad it's really the
only trip that we went on together and I
wanted to give him to go on others I
wanted to get him to go to New York
there's a lot of stuff I wanted to do
with him Anna I never got to do it but I
really started to think about this story
from we went to Philly and I wanted to
share it with you guys it's a story
about how much he loved you guys how
much he loved his young uns you know one
of the things that we didn't do when we
went on that trip to Philadelphia was
tell anybody would helped help we were
staying I know there was a number of
reasons that we did that number one we
didn't want people calling the hotel and
pissing them off we didn't want like
people showing up at the hotel and
giving on anybody's nerves and the front
desk and the front desk gets mad at us
we didn't want any of that to happen so
for those reasons and a lot more we
decided not to say where we were staying
but that didn't that did not stop you
guys from finding it anyway you know a
lot of you guys were calling every Haute
in the area who were asking to speak to
Charles green and eventually you all
found out and they're like it's not like
it was that hard anyway the hotel was
right next to the arena where wrestling
was that
but you guys found it like that now in
particular a specific fan found it and
this specific fan drove to the hotel and
started hanging out with us and we had
no idea that it was even happening no it
all started about nine o'clock at night
we get to the lobby of the hotel and
guys I don't know if you've heard the
story or not if you have my apologies
you're gonna hear it again I don't
remember telling it you know about nine
o'clock at night we're all hanging out
in the lobby and time goes by fast we're
all just talking we're having a good
time we're just watching the snow
outside and conversating and just really
enjoying each other's company and we
noticed there's this guy and he's
sitting in a chair and he's sort of
watching us and we ignore it no big deal
people sit in the lobbies of hotels all
the time who cares we carrying on about
our days now about two o'clock in the
morning grandpa starts to get worried
he's like Mike that guy's just staring
over there he's this wide you guys I
don't know what's going on maybe we
should move to another pot in hotel and
I was like dad relax really it's kind of
sketch you know we started getting the
vibe that this guy knows us and he's not
really talking and when somebody knows
you when they're not talking and they're
just sort of sitting there and they're
staring at you you get a little scared
yeah what's this guy up to what does he
want
perfectly reasonable reaction to
somebody watching you in the lobby of a
hotel so we keep trying to involve this
guy in the conversation and we're
getting worried we're like maybe we
should just go to the room and talk
there and then the guy's like okay I
need to admit to something and he starts
reaching in his bag and dead like Mike
oh God with you guys oh god you know
what is it man oh god I swear to God I
just saw somebody
if there's anybody in here make a light
flicker or something dad if you're in
here turn off this light
yeah that left free yeah where was I
I'll be back so the guy starts reaching
into his bag and he pulls out gifts for
all of us in the East our minds
immediately he wasn't like crazy he was
just a fan and he was nervous to talk to
us and he explained to us that he drove
hours just to meet us and he was sitting
there with us hours and hours and didn't
say anything and he was just enjoying
our conversation and he was just
enjoying talking with us and it was
really cool and we really enjoyed it but
the end of the night was coming you know
it was really late and it was time to go
to bed and he told us that he was gonna
go sleep in his car he didn't have the
money to rent a room he just wanted to
meet us and he was gonna sleep in his
car and leave in the morning and dad
pulled me aside and it was like Mike we
can't let him sleep in his car what do
you say we get him a room
and that's what he did got him a room
and the next one you know we got him a
room in the next morning we had
breakfast with the guy and we talked and
dad thing people coming out and he left
and we never saw the guy again and I've
never got in contact with the guy again
I don't know if he still watches us how
do I rope he's watching this right now
but I was just thinking about it because
I don't know how many other youtubers
would do that maybe all of them would I
don't know but dad didn't want to see
one of his fans sleep in a car and he
got him a hotel room and he thanked them
and you guys were just everything to dad
and the idea of one of you sleeping in
your car he couldn't handle it and I was
just sitting here thinking about that
eating those Philly cheesesteaks
remembering going to Philadelphia with
my dad how he felt like a celebrity
because so many people were coming up to
him how he felt so happy
so thank you guys thank you guys for
making my dad feel like a celebrity
Thank You 400 all that means you know
Felix thanks a lot guys thank you for
everything you did for my dad for making
them feel like a celebrity for making
them feel special for never giving up on
them it meant everything to him it
continues with me and everything to me
guys getting outta here thanks for
watching made some Philly cheesesteaks
showed you a full body picture of
Bridget did a lot of stuff got scared by
Felix got scared about whatever was in
there and I told you a meaningful
throwback Thursdays or maybe it means
nothing to you maybe you know you don't
know why I even told it but it was just
in my heart and I wanted to I wanted to
express it just how dad couldn't stand
to see one of his young'uns out in the
cold and it still sticks with me your
dad that's a lesson I'm gonna carry on
you know there's a band here in
Charleston called jump little children
and they have a song called words of
wisdom hey don't be late and the lyrics
for the song are about two of the
members of the band losing their father
and the lyrics go if you will go and not
return leave me some words of wisdom if
I cannot follow anymore I promise to
teach what I have learned and that's
what I'm gonna do
it's just one of those nights that I
love you I miss you so much dude
cracking guys thanks for watching I hope
you enjoyed the vlog like subscribe
favorite and Felix's just you love me
tonight feelings you must I never see
him alright it's good to see you out of
your little cubby all right you want to
already goodbye
say goodbye
