what's going on you guys pretty eyes TIA
and today the title of this vlog is
Bridget
because pickleboy is not going to be in
today's vlog porn plank that was
actually the second intro we did let's
go back in the past let us go back five
minutes ago and this was the original
intro what's going on you guys but can't
behind a camera here no Bridget had the
idea of tricking you guys and make it
think this was a Bridget Bridget no it's
a pig away free intro and I was like I
can't let it go on too long I can't do
it I'm taking the camera from her Frank
we planked you it wouldn't we it wasn't
long enough of a prank oh it wasn't
let's try it again okay we're gonna
insert this afterwards so I'm gonna let
her do her part and then we'll give you
this in oh my god do second time I love
drinking them the second time what you
guys are seeing now be okay the intro
you saw a minute ago happened now ready
yeah jealous you can tell everybody that
I'm not gonna be in the vlog today okay
this is crazy
what's going on you guys today it's
Friday how does that go ahead you get
out of your system
oh my god okay so today we're gonna fuck
a day I fuck okay we go in today don't
worry it's out of your Slenderman
okay one more if you didn't see the vlog
we put up yesterday what you probably
didn't because it went up at 4:00 in the
morning oh my god and the reason I went
up at 4:00 in the morning I had to do
that twice the reason went up at 4:00 in
the morning it is because I was addicted
to no man's sky you remind me of that
what like one of those commercials I
like really high pop something I've no
idea we thing we've only got four left
call now and you can get three for $9.99
my god yeah okay so right now me and
Bridget are out and I looked on the
dashboard of the car and look what the
hell these are the ticket stubs from
last night
dude do you think they would catch fire
hopefully the camera can pick that up
how dark it is it might look like it's a
lighting problem no look this is
freaking dark as shit can I catch fire
though like how crazy without event if
it got fire in my car like this was
decided that was down this was a side
facing the Sun it was just sitting there
like this with this thing it let me know
in the comments section you guys what
this thing have caught fire in the car
let's throw it away
somewhere on here and if that's the case
you should know I can't crumble the
tickets thumbs up so immediately I'm
still a different tone oh man Scott dude
I am too though you're ready to see some
fast travel virgin yeah get on the
shuttle ready 1 we okay we good Nova
okay I don't want to act like anything
like that was gone
okay bye well thank you for being in the
bar today but your services are north
conquer
get to that planet oh my god oh you
really want to risk that risk would you
might crash into something I'm not gonna
crash look what happen oh fuck
something happened is there something
you needed so blobs over it's fuck
Friday so I thought you were done saying
that fell for no we got a fuck out
well I fucked up real good this time
okay I know that's your spot but we need
your help concealing this so just now
right now Bridget Southside uh just now
I felt it when it happened I feel like
well I need to film this okay so when I
plopped down on the couch I've already
been doing a number on this couch as it
is but this time what the fuck Bella
what are you doing are you pissed at me
or something look I'm sorry what the
hell that was mad about this I feel like
yes it was mamma side of the couch and
I'm sorry for it so when I plop down on
this thing it broke so let me look oh
Jesus okay I gotta get a look at this my
fat ass broke the couch
again mind you oh damn boy god I can't
even film the shit okay let me try now
oh man I warp the metal
I broke the fucking calf dude so now you
guys can say I'm fat enough to break a
fucking couch because I just did it
alright is it recording yeah okay what
it was okay before I show you this it
was an accident
would you do I'm not joking I can see
guys watching this I can tell through
her tone she thinks I'm joking she
thinks that I'm like coming what you do
okay earlier when I flopped onto the
couch like that I broke it ah I've
really count your sigh why is your side
accounted boom oh my god well I'm and
now it's your side nope okay it's your
side now I'm liking it oh I've broken
both the sides i broken my side already
- what have you not known my sides
broken now what let's go look
alright you can't be mad I'm not I mean
if socks weren't gonna sit look at it
goddamn okay what'd you do to it I don't
know dude please I trying to reconnect
it it won't connect oh my oh my god dude
where are we gonna sit here do that oh
my god yeah it's all kinds of fucked up
I fucking broke it my fat ass brought
the couch this is my son oh good that
will grate a crush the fucking can with
my knee okay look what the hell now what
and I said we need another couch my fat
ass goes to a couch a year oh my god we
know we still have the great duelists do
you realize it was this time last year
we got a couch I think literally I bet
today's a year oh my god you're right it
happened right before I went to New York
for the fucking wrestling last year we
have a green couch though that smelly
piss couch I hate carpet clean bitch
every time it was carpet clean - still
smelled like piss
no it smells good Ridgid piss all over
that couch you know why you're the one
who needs diapers in
baby can do it yeah cuz I'm fuckin Tim
the tool man Taylor
ah I just can't I just want to play this
game like we can walk Wow
we can vlog later who's blogging and try
to finish the couch yeah you decided to
film me how that does it work film no
now fuck jam okay IV gasoline what
nothing
I need gasoline I need matches I want to
set the fucking couch on fire I built
the backyard baby we can't do that
somebody will call the cops on us so
how's know if you don't warped up like
this I don't freakin good like what did
you do it's okay I'm fine control
that was breaking right there sitting on
it you like clapping I'm sorry I'm Zack
Mayo by the way the green couch is
fucking broke too
yeah we got it broke is this piece of
shit well it broke the couch
oh god I saw that oh god what it stopped
filming
I'm not come from wait Sony upside down
I'm not what leg is this to feed you
gonna feel me just go ahead I'm not
filming but you just flip it I'm not bad
at all you're filming you're not flip it
I can see the little red light burning
flip the fucking camera and fill me the
right now you successfully pissed
everybody watching the vlog off because
I know you're feeling any refused to
film at the correct way oh look at their
cameras lifted
hallelujah sweet Jesus guys click like a
pic above a bitch
no click like a bridge it's a bitch
click like if Michael is a bitch click
like a bridge of the bitch leave a
comment in the comment section which one
you have to like for pick a boy Oh
Bridget who's the bitch definitely you
who's the bitch yes I broke the couch ok
I'm thoroughly humiliate I don't care
that you broke your freakin act like a
dumbass over it though god you're such a
bitch anything else no god I would talk
to you right now yes you do
prove it what Oh what ok I'm gonna go
and say it or just forced me to do this
on camera by the way not my idea I'm
sorry for being an asshole
fuck you Friday what it's fuck you
Friday
Oh me yeah ok
you know you fuck you stop don't say the
word I'm trying not to say it
so look oh gosh you make me go I thought
you were I thought
you're right I was embarrassed
I broke the couch and two places
embarrass it's caught on camera Bridget
I watched the video it's and as I was
editing I went ahead and replayed it
twice in slow motion cuz why not let's
do it again in extra slow motion might
as well
Oh
Oh
you
yeah I'm humiliated I broke the couch
it's okay so there you guys go
pickle boy breaks the couch well Sunday
we are doing the 100 layers challenge
and you guys wanted to see it we're
turning it into a prank so stay tuned
for that
the angry grandpa 100 layers challenge
prank I think I have a pretty good idea
on how to do it so you guys will see
about that I want to say anything else
because he might find out but it's the
kind of prank where he can't control it
so dad I'm pranking you so you know it's
one of those kind of things you could be
ready for it and I'm still gonna get you
so anyway hunter layers challenge the
prank it's coming Sunday look out dad so
next week I am going to New York and I
wanted to take a minute to talk to you
guys about it I got SummerSlam tickets I
got NXT tickets you know I'm really
happy for you
why aren't you coming why don't you like
wrestling I do like it then why aren't
you coming it's so expensive ongoing I'm
taking gym I'm taking Kim maybe next
year
Bridget likes to claim that she likes
wrestling but not enough to actually go
to a paper I like it I just feel like I
get better seats at home how can that
possibly be because the camera is like
in the ring guess what I'm like right
there I always get like front row
tickets yeah but you pass out and shit I
don't want to pass out in shit I passed
out because I was stupid not injuring
water so I got front row for NXT
I've got third row for SummerSlam and
Bridget and it's too late for you even
go now because you don't get in called
your grandma on time I know good so are
you're just gonna be here sitting on
your broken couch Oh God
I'm glad you're gonna be sitting on a
broken car you know what it kind of
looked like you're wearing a diaper what
when you were trying to fix it no I
didn't feel like a cure I did a spray oh
it didn't I did not look like I was
running a diaper
stop me Josh it did do in slow motion
baby Candace yeah cuz I'm fuckin ten the
tool man Taylor like what did you do
that does not look like a fruit doesn't
record these have a bulbous ass you have
a cute butt it does not look of a diaper
Hey
Oh guys it's hard this bullshit it's
okay good well that's gonna be a pretty
day you guys thanks for watching I
embarrassed my I'll get l is like a
country accent you hear that I'm fair
I am tongue out I'm fine I embarrassed
myself a bunch today I broke the couch
oh my god at one point there was an
explosion and one point you were wearing
a tie first I was not wearing it you
guys don't believe I was wearing to die
so cute though I'm not wearing a diaper
you gotta something they're gonna
believe it they believe they already
believe it oh sorry I'm not wearing a
diaper pumps he doesn't wear diapers
you bet sarcastic look at your face you
don't wear diapers okay I'm gonna get
out of here thanks for watching you guys
I'm playing no man's sky stay tuned
Sunday we're doing the hundred layers
challenge that's gonna be it for today I
don't wear diapers
he doesn't wear diapers guys okay they
believe it anyway like subscribe
favorite fall on everything for to us
and then unfollow ur and tweeter I don't
wear diapers
don't do that guy that's it Oh guys I
don't I know we're done oh now there's a
chance
it's gonna be awake before
my fuckin
swagger
raise it
Hey
