so my cousin playing this game all
freakin day okay Bridget thank you
come on we have to vlog do the intro
with me Elise what's going on you guys
can't be on a camera here vigil I see I
bear today you have indeed for taste
Thursday
I forgot what day it was today is
Thursday here telling me off spitting
the ship spitting all over the place
today is Thursday and today um we saw
sausage party it was a pretty good movie
I give it like a six out of time
I'm not saying for these fallen balls
I'll be really pissed off you know
you're ridiculous right now we have to
vlog I'll blow in a minute I'm camped up
Oh God show my reward Bridget
be proud of your man where's it ah you
made enough big red thing right there
oh man good night oh shit now hope they
kill you
hold up they're gonna come at me you're
really and here they come in here
bye-bye iridium I don't need you fuck
around Bridget say the wrong thing watch
what happens
Wow my missus glowing ball and all those
are they if I die they've deployed the
drums
why well my plan go
see ya assholes I'm robbing there's
desert of all the resources they don't
like
take off the fuel you kill me dunka boy
is lost in space check this out you do
anything
okay yeah your mic okay push my luck too
many times let me go sell these things I
think you should definitely sell those
things is there something you needed
you almost got me killed by the drums
What's Wrong huh what happened I don't
know
ah give me a day Hey turn it on
oh it's just not turning on Hey
I'm not joking how to flip this TV I'm
hooked this let me tell you those drones
just shot my plane down her sand lake
and I lost my balls and by the way if
you're gonna record me in the team you
want to make sure the Lighting's right
it's fine look I'll be honest I can't
stop playing no man's sky I'm a dick
I'm lost in space
yes you question Bridget when you got
with me do you think your parents knew
they were going to you'll be dating an
astronaut even Anu had any clue hey why
is this camera constantly changing
frames I don't know what to do
cuz I never mess with the camera as much
as you what have you done
I don't you see it though you're not
even filming on video mode hey we're
back on video mode now the right well my
gosh how oh my gosh
see this is why you don't sort of vlog
without is the Wow you know what I
waited long them out I was done waiting
you never told me anything okay if I
crash into an asteroid if I hope you
feel please fit I will vlog as soon as I
sell these balls okay four hours from
the space station all right I say a
minute 20 seconds that's how you fly
okay I'm into this game dude there's
very few games that I've been addicted
to I'm addicted this I don't know why
it's the most boring game in existence
and I can't stop playing I'm lost in
space it's not boring though it's pretty
cool but whenever it intervenes with
vlogging
that's when there's a problem I'm
floating right now
why I got a bunch of glowing balls and
if I don't sell them I'm pissed
those things are worth thirty seven
thousand a piece whoa okay whoa
ah I'm not good okay it's fine okay I
get it it's just a game to you know
everything yeah there's just it's pretty
cool though you know what I was thinking
what NASA Muse just hire me I agree they
can't even go to the moon but I've done
the hell's happening
oh it's glitched okay oh you oh my god
you must lost your balls okay I feel
like you're saying it as like a sexual
ah that's not funny now okay is this
just the intro I guess here show
everybody my addiction to space here's
me flying on the intergalactic pickle
why are you feeling anything up I just
wanted to show the pickle for the rest
of the vlog that especial spacing oh my
god can make the pickle move no okay I'm
not come on will you try how I did
design the damn thing come on try try to
make it move I can't do all fine you
want a filthy I don't know how if you
did it I don't know I tried oh my gosh
oh my gosh our you know what looking at
different no like a real meteor shower
there's supposed to be one canif amp I
thought we were gonna vlog now I just
want to see how much money I've earned
for our family I made all kinds of money
on this game it was a lot of amber spent
hours doing it you're so cute it's not
real money behind
in quite stings he's really the stanga's
dog and stuffed and patan nice man he
really does Thank You mr. ha ha ha ok I
just pulled myself away from that game
it is about time for meteors there's a
real meteor shower tonight yeah
foggy now did this my like video games
those don't fog up so I've been playing
this game no man's sky literally all day
I turned it off long enough to go to the
movies we went and saw sausage party it
was ok it wasn't I thought the trailer
was better than the movie but anyway
it's not six out of ten you know I
really like guys it's definitely worth
watching
but it's not what I expected no it's
good it's a good movie it's better than
that
lights out bullshit but yeah I hope this
opens cause you thought oh I hope this
opens the door for more my yeah I'm
taking the thought from you I hope this
opens the door for more r-rated animated
movies that's entirely my own thought so
I hope that that's what happens I'm
cutting your part out of the book so
good you are such a thief yeah well you
have been stealing glowing rocks from a
planet all day that game so bridget has
the idea for the thumbnail for me to be
lost in space no we got enough room for
me yep
and let's give it a little closer on me
so I'm gonna add like a little space
helmet Oh lost in space the men
seriously can we doing this now the
whole bog no babe are you on what in the
game all right you made me feel bad
about it I just you well I can see it
fog enough babe have you ever told that
story about the time you wish on a
shooting star because it's throwback
Thursday and I really enjoyed this story
that was clearly you clearly set that up
just now
Richard clearly grab the cash book okay
babe seriously
you owe me to tell the story just stay
tell the story please
which one the shooting star sir yes
Jesus Christ here we'll just get you
leave me alone yes well uh but fuck just
scared of the game even walk around my
own nation so many years ago I stood
outside with my brother my cousin my
sister for a meteor shower now I've done
it before and I've told you guys I don't
blog before it's not the same meteor
shower was another one we were watching
it but like that one they split they
didn't want to hang out with me they
left about two o'clock in the morning
and I was outside by myself watching
this shooting watching these shooting
stars and about four o'clock in the
morning dad comes out Michael you do get
your a shit and go to bed
but I'm watching the meteor shower well
I've got your meteor shower hanging be
the meteor shower you ever seen Chuck he
was always disgusting yeah nice meteor
shower so I saw one more shooting star
and that excited to make a wish on and
there was a girl I really liked at the
time I'm not gonna say her name but I
wished him so I want to say her name
because when she sees this I don't want
her to die wishing on a shooting star
oh my god so it was like four o'clock
the morning I was like I wish so-and-so
will come out and hang out with me in my
bedroom now is four o'clock in the
morning I talked to her hours before she
was going to sleep so I go back to my
room I started going to sleep and then I
hear and it was her my shooting star
wish came true
yeah I don't believe in that stuff but
it was the oddest thing
she came over 4 o'clock in the morning
we hung out we played video games how
long did you wish for
I mean how loud I wish that would what
do you think yeah like what if she heard
yours okay no that's not what happened
she's like driving by her house I wish
she come over no I knows what was in my
head so anyway
Bera seing me here don't you I wished
for her to come over to a shooting star
and she's freaking came over and it's
like what are the odds to them so some
mathematician as if a mathematician
watches these videos but some
mathematicians gonna give the real odds
below it the odds are astronomical is
that a was that a space reference oh my
god you're so funny anyway seriously the
odds are seriously high and so ever
since then I wish on every shooting star
I see and you'll never believe how many
other ones have come true since then
none zero no other wishes have ever come
true listen I'll do one Sam I wish we
had Wendy's oh I wish we will get
Wendy's for supper we're poor dude I
wish those shootings are for dinner
sometimes so cute anyway there's your
story I wished on a shooting star it
came true
nothing happened by the way perverts we
hung out you went home anyway sure she
showed my New Year shower anyway there's
a story well here's a first
Bridget is ready to do the outro before
the end of the vlog because she's ready
to go to bed I'm so tired it's so late
so let's get this over with even though
the laws not over yet that's gonna be a
hey you guys thanks for watching like
subscribe favorite follow me on
everything I know how that happened but
all chicken follow me on everything and
that's it you fun everything for doing
and that's it
hey guys bridges gone to bed by the way
excuse the sci-fi music still playing in
the background but bridges gone to bed I
wanted to take a second to talk to you
guys if you have not seen the video we
put up yesterday the whole thing is
nothing but freakin pranks we did
another prank day video and Bridgette
kicked my fucking ass dude you know I
got a prank plan for Bridgette but I
can't say anything about it but I assure
you I have a prank click like if you're
excited for me to prank Bridget's ass
I'm going to get her that's happening I
can't get any more details than that
because she obviously watches the videos
and I'm not doing it yet but if you
haven't seen it check out the link below
it's also at the end of the video she
kicked my ass me and she made death she
made me think dad will sell in the house
she locked me in the bathroom
freaking made me think I was overdosing
on some other medication put a roach
under my pancake she fucked me up yeah
this is what happens when it's just me
vlogging folks I'm dancing to the music
on no man's sky do you understand
okay hey yours JP just me and Bella
hanging out how you doing girl Bella was
upstairs asleep with Bridget and she
wanted to come hang out with me well
come here I don't okay all right Bella
you're freaking me out
look I'm freaking bored I can't vlog by
myself
see I'm dancing the fucking game music
now let's go wait Bridget SATs up that's
gonna be a friend a you guys thanks for
watching let's go wake her ass up to the
end of the vlog okay can kind of hear
that creepy music in the background
while I look up these stairs to go wake
her ass up so that's kind of creepy
now there's a chance that bridge that's
gonna be awake before I even waved only
been like fucking 15 20 minutes by the
way
bust in there let's bring it hey hey
what how long you been a sleeve well
I've been up here like 20 minutes
wake up why because May I'm downstairs
dancing the fucking volume on the video
game I'm bored
the dogs are not letting me do anything
they're barking come hang out with me go
sleep what cuz it kind of bad I still
gotta bring to the vlog ah
wake up hey hey wake up oh that isn't
her Meyer wake up
what the fuck Michael stop it what
you're bleeding stop it let me see it
but a camera gotta help me
