what's going on you guys Kibby on a
camera here Oh Bridget west not here and
the reason that bridge West is not here
is because today I got up at 8 o'clock
in the morning and I haven't been up at
8 o'clock in the morning since yesterday
now I fixed my sleep pattern I'm trying
to sleep my fix my sleep pattern when I
got this root canal which by the way if
you haven't seen the video we put up
yesterday I got a root canal and it's
unbearably painful and it sucks well it
actually feels pretty good today but I
went to sleep all day after I got it and
I'm working on my sleep pattern because
of that I got up at 8 o'clock yesterday
I just got up at 8 o'clock today I'm
gonna get my day started and Bridget's
not up yet so this vlog starting off
Brigitte freestyle click like if you
want more Bridget free intros so today
is Wednesday and today is August the
10th which means today is prank day 2016
we did a previous prank day in 2015 and
now we're back it's 2016 I'm gonna get
Bridget's ass today which means she's
probably gonna prank me back and I'm ok
with that
I've told her it's prank day so I'm okay
with her pranking me as long as it's not
too fucked up Bridget don't fucking
prank me bad I'm gonna prank Brett I
think we do something my tooth I don't
know I can tell you guys because she's
not awake yet I'm gonna do something
with this I don't know I gotta think
I gotta get creative but today is prank
day and today we're getting this vlog
started Bridget freestyle and taking
pills look let's get the day started the
first thing that I got to do now that
I'm up let's take this
Hey shit fuck well I just did the first
prank of the day Bridget you're gonna
find out later
you guys won't really understand this
prank about much but Bridget is really
sentimental about the good cops that I
bring her back from the trips I go one
and this one is one of her favorites her
Dallas cub and Bridget I'm making
pancakes with it she doesn't like
anybody touching your Cubs Oh Bridget's
all over the rim
sorry about that sweetie I'm making
myself some pancakes all right so I'm
gonna cook some pancakes
so start off with a little bit of butter
on my skill yeah a little bit of butter
on my skillet I know a lot of people oh
my god you're gonna ruin it I won't what
if I do
oh wow all right we got some butter down
as a base take pretty Dallas top let's
do a little mix there love it there and
a little bit there
I like my pancakes little and not
touching your bastards don't connect
hand cakes cook incredibly quick I like
mine have a little darker bottom see I'm
not gonna flip mine yet
pretty soon though but I like to have a
darker bottom than most people
some people like golden brown I like a
little darker than golden like I'll see
what this looks like
yep I fucked that one up it's not as
dark as I wanted some people like that
but I like it darker let's go and
disconnect these to the conjoined twins
have been separated all right let's see
here yassuh color I like about a whole
little pancakes in the room how you
doing what is the big deal like why'd
you use this because I wanted to
freaking make pancakes we're finally
using ads I don't you got it for me I
look at is a hustle is it that big of a
deal
did I even put a chip another actually
what punch is somewhat oh my god I'm
gonna fuck about that Cup I do look
there it is there's no chip that's
pancake batter what are you doing he
recording why to piss you off on purpose
ah it's prank day hello happy Frank
don't you do not worse I cooked in a
frickin Cup that you love who cares you
think that was a pretty guess what else
is a prank that's one plate with three
pancakes you can get no breakfast okay
next up is the eggs that only I get so
that's fine babe I'll just eat cereal
this is eggs butter salt pepper onion
powder and milk so I'm just a form right
onto this slow we could it'll pour
everywhere all right see what porn is
slow it started cook now then I got some
cheese now this looks like this is like
deli cheese I'm just going to pop those
over the top
now the idea
damn is of god yes don't be and they're
all wine oh man you're not touching my
pancakes I just want to look at them I
wanna take a picture of them for my
friend
are you serious they look that good you
take too much pictures of food I really
do man okay
all right now I'm certain you family
there's your card day shit Lee we're
gonna fucking bill me not cooking food
all right
so I just reject coffee well I want you
to stop fine
so Bridget's newest prank is to turn on
this fluorescent lighting to fuck up my
shot I turned it off to cook on purpose
and open that window so you didn't use
the open box right what the open box the
pancakes
yes dude I had to call the exterminator
because I saw some roaches
nice try folks that was serious Ridgid -
once winter hauls life is that that some
roaches you know okay
this was you guys throw away like all
the cereal kiss about
I don't care about your student I did I
don't care about your stupid practice I
didn't work so I'm a little pissed off
at Bridget she fucked up my eggs they
look all clumpy now look at this okay I
didn't make your eggs how did I do that
I was cooking I mean you were talking my
fucking head off and do i where's my
stride up down upon you
serving 1314 won the first at 27 25 I
watch Molly bottom with highs in the
inter places or so far on Mike on his
son family I hear from that seems to put
together some horses these chicks are
wonderful body fillers
you're talking about this right now
whatever baby huh he got screwed over
that doesn't sound like BER world's to
me it sounds like Bray Wyatt's being a
big old baby hey Wyatt
a triple threat match at SummerSlam have
this smackdown my breakfast Justin I'm
sorry throw it if we get repaid all
right just make sure quote well now I
can go ahead and take the steroid pill
which no it's not steroids it's the pill
that I take I don't what does is there
we do um I'd like removes all
inflammation so you can heal okay so it
removes the employees just like in here
which I think it's working so I gotta
take the steroid go now I gotta take it
quick I had to wait till after breakfast
to take it but it dissolves super fast
why it it dissolves it while I'm taking
it it's not supposed to it does it's not
supposed to Michael right when I take it
I taste it
what instantly all right no I take this
pill that's really weird because my pail
dissolves really quick and it's not as
steroid are you taking my pills I'm
taking this oh that's mine Michael what
that's mine
what does winning mean yours that is
mine that's my prescription this shit
yes
what the hell you're fucking around with
me no I'm not it prescription for what
for my thing okay do you know what
methyl Rustin saw ozone yeah Bridget if
I have to throw up I'm gonna go for a
while you're filming this shit which is
making me think do I gotta throw up it's
pointless now it's already of your blood
what's your anybody what will it do to
me well you'll start getting really hot
and antsy and come on Bridget I'm
serious but you can't throw it up
why can't die B it won't work it's
already in your blood if you plug it
dissolves on your tongue and then it's
in your blood immediately it dissolved
on my tongue oh okay feeling funny it's
probably those hormones what will happen
well when you're not supposed to take
the medicine you'll feel sick you'll get
hot I'm doing one you'll cough a little
bit and you'll have a muscle twitch I
already have a I don't know what to tell
you I've been taking it for two days now
bad no gosh are you have you blood
anywhere what does that mean I saw some
blood on your pillow actually but it
could just be like from your nose or
just leave me alone dude you've got to
be fucking with me say you're fucking
with me and it's alright that you're
fucking with I'm not Michael
you took my freaking medicine I wish it
was a prank it's not your bullshit did
your bullshit no I know one thing is um
I don't tell you just say it no you'll
freak out okay stop it
you're fuckin with me you might bleed
out of your ass you're fucking with me
Hank you don't fucking first you know
I'm a hypochondriac you don't think it's
some stuff we just don't do okay so far
you've got me with a roach in my fucking
pancake you fucking made me think it was
dying from pills really good and I've
cooked pancakes in your fucking cup this
is enough already I'm done with it it's
over don't want bright no man ha ha ha
babe it's ok I don't even you know it's
definitely your medicine Frank I made
you think you were scaring me liar right
you're good you're such a bad liar like
I wasn't playing thank you I can read
right there but it's not filling it took
the last one day a prank is over please
oh you can't swung on dude um why is the
door moving it's not my god why my face
was like sort of swell again stop me I
don't know whirring I did didn't work
are you fucking freaky what does that
mean that means I sold a house I'm tired
of living there you can't only I I got
50 grand for okay white yeah I got 15
grand for the house and he's coming
tomorrow at there will you sign a paper
I'm not signing shit no you're not I'm
not sorry good signing them did Michael
do not sign you could leave if you want
if you honest to god when King grey has
good money in my pocket oh the house was
over a hundred thousand so that's your
problem he's not signing it now I'm not
signing anything
why don't you want to be proud for that
picking banner my body to tell you
what's more offensive to me that he
would want to sell something that I
bought he was again I'm car to liver
there that's fine you want to get a
Porsche Dana I'm tired of living that
funny Chad
as well think of it that's fine what is
what it is
no one's think what I see it
gadget ha ha ha this kind of sham tired
of it way I was opportunity of them oh
god damn I'll give you 20,000 never fart
again I'm good tired as it please no
more Frank picnic no more pranks as I go
a boy you bit hot fish God Dean dude
your fish its prank day babe I'm the
only one getting brain you don't know
what a gobble enough to get prank I use
bridges Dallas cup to cook pancakes and
that's how that was my prank to her oh I
cook pancake batter and her fucking cup
and she's done all this shit well don't
be
don't if you can't take eat stay the
hell out the kitchen all I got to tell
you I'm just gonna lock myself in the
room for the rest of the day cuz I ain't
grande you know you'd like to have that
money in your pocket no I'm sorry I
would be totally offended if you sold
that house for $15,000 I don't know what
20 yeah we'll crawl up your ass and died
I don't know something dude Oh God Oh
like buttermilk dollar bill you would
drink a buttermilk yeah oh I've been
eating roll over what I've been eating
roll over what are you fucking Hannibal
I take a slice of real thin little salt
pepper hm
we don't worried roll over Hey yeah
whatever works for you man you were
trying to scoot how could you see it
when you're building roads it this is
your bull so you've won the day what do
you want take a visual 15 grand for the
thumbnail what do you need I don't know
look scared or something huh yeah that's
here okay I give up
what are you doing he's gonna fart I
know it 15 grand
it fell for ah ah I gotta go
you should have sure I feel sure there -
oh my god man if you're wet still you uh
got a brown stain Oh God
I'm gonna go brush my teeth I got some
fake blood I made you think something
fucking happen she's fucking practically
- Aiza baby so the idea is the heart of
the Govan plain sight a little blood
here come here the blood Cup yeah
don't think she'll notice me grab me bad
instead of that well I'm about to brush
my teeth
for the first time does it still hurt
yes very much so
maybe go light I'm gonna go white
because I say it's not even like a tooth
I don't know what the hell the deal is
they got anyway I'm gonna clean my
methyl real quick
would you do the water ah nothing else
making sure guys spin you sure
Christ Michael okay around you I'm a
little nervous here
oh look what the fuck might go on stop
it
what you're bleeding stop it oh shit let
me see it oh my god what a carer got to
help me oh my god boy so the whole thing
just came out we got here the dentist
right now dude they're not open this is
bad water good Michael surely there's a
hospital should we I don't know let me
look at it if I can't tell mmm I don't
know are you still bleeding
I don't know bridge anyway no I mean you
just got like blood on your mouth let me
clean it good oh I can't use this in the
vlog cut my mouth open or something
are you okay no I'm not I feel like the
whole root canal came out I swallow
something hard and thick should I have
not brushed it all oh my god your face
about it your face is starting to swell
I think oh my god okay stop it look
each is much Ridgid what okay it was
funny to get all the in here babe that's
not a prank
Wyatt I'm claustrophobic
dude I feel like it's been like 30 45
minutes
hey it's only fed like fuckin are you
serious oh no sorry
all right oh my gosh damn you what blank
pages we have this oh Jesus oh damn wait
into the damn thing how long have you
been moved
now we're gonna prank the dogs go
she's opening it over this hey dogs we
don't live here we pranked him real good
ah who are we at house dogs got fun
actually he goes so cool
imma go fill me what you do a bridge
ahead who is it
quite help us you want to get past this
thing who's here Frank it was mama head
point day can't figure out oh my gosh
you like an invisible barrier well
that's gonna be it for today guys thanks
for watching
Frank day you won I think I definitely
want there's no think I only got one
look I did the freaking coffee cup prank
and the blood prank you had dad tell me
who's telling the house you I don't
remember it all fuck it's fucking my
head man you messed me up real good
tonight
so okay nice job click the link below
we got 2015 in there if you didn't see
last row in one year I have been
addicted to The Witcher the never longer
than a year but today we found a new
game that we're both addicted to so yeah
we play no man's sky all day so anyway
I'm gonna get out of here thanks for
watching you guys you won okay
I definitely think I won why
and subscribe following everything is
about I love you guys let you go never
let you go yes but then just cold you
have to go in next Saturday to finish
your root canal one the den is just
called you have to go in next Saturday
favorite canal okay the root down and do
the route now you need the crown shit
yeah I like finish it okay that's fine
okay well I mean that's where you're in
New York
that's better'n yes well then you're
gonna have to call them and tell them
that I'll come back fucking today I
asked I asked if he could push it
forward to another few days I don't know
and take it home but he said anyone have
anything else available for another six
months
Oh bullshit you've been gone can we go
somewhere else
well this place has the best rates and
the best rating I don't give a shit
about the right I'll pay more I just
want to have to push it I'm not missing
New York I'd rather not put Stemmons
like he knows your mouth and you'll have
to read you I'm sorry okay I don't get
this right let me get this straight
my options are miss New York or don't
get a fucking clown six months just
bullshit I know what the Saturday is
like the only day I'm not doing it baby
you have to or in six months you're
going to get another root canal then
guess what I'll just bother to that one
unprofessional faster
oh it's real fun in youth you know yeah
you know what are you been doing I'm not
about going up the whole time you've
been trying to get me now to go to this
New York trip because you don't want to
go Jill I dress like the other day like
uh music not go
you don't need mentally dick get like of
the Tipton's you found your excuse I bet
he didn't even call I'm calling when I
get out of a contact that babe I want
you to go to New York so I can play
waiter I'm gonna call they're gonna say
hello thanks for calling district and we
say fuck you for Michael I'm gonna do it
you don't fucking get it for me
Michael this is Michael Green I want you
tell you go fuck your motherfucking self
yeah laughs I'm not Judy cancel out your
trip I know you are I know I really want
you to go so I can play which her
whatever suppose make it work I can't do
it I'm sorry
that's just what they said hey misty
this is the worst can you get a refund
on your tickets I'm going no you're
nothing okay yeah yeah a robot okay what
is your I've already got a blog
rendering look because you as you cancel
it I already gave you the fucking wind
I can't you just stop babe I'm sorry
you're not doing pregnant 2017 yeah we
are guys click like if there needs to be
a print print day every single year
there's tens of every year perfect
click like the biggest prank in August
when your mom gave birth to you doctor
was like pray you got her ha ha over
laughing uh oh shit babies a change the
day the gyms that can you fuck I skew me
I'll show music dies
Kruger
you
