what's going on you guys kill me on a
fucked up face here for to us he yeah
right there and today early her citta uh
hey is Tuesday and today I'm taking care
of Michael all day yesterday I got a
root canal which you know it may sound
Pleasant but it wasn't so it looked
fruit on there it was so hard so
freaking mind it was one of the worst
things like it hurts at all arataura
talk I feel in my team so talk the other
day I told you guys I had to get a tooth
old and while I went to the dimmest
yesterday in bridge again with variety
what about root canal save was to yeah
and I decided to do it I you still got
to get a crown
am I talking fucked up what is the crown
gonna feel like is it gonna be just bad
yeah no kidding I really I don't think
it's it's not painful because begin like
two weeks great so I thought I was over
with this no the other yesterday I got a
root canal and Bridget who weather would
forgotten the camera I'm sorry guys I'm
sorry rejected Shira got her camera but
she didn't record some of the root canal
it hurts to talk hey I did felt like a
I'll do I'll be off to say it I did some
of my phone though some of it kind of
out well I'm at the dentist is so cute
right now bridges forgotten Bridget
forgot the camera so she's using her
phone I can see my camera
well I'm just saying it's going to look
different so you're so cute let's do
your mouth hmm it's happening here I
don't know so I don't know what's gonna
happen folks I don't know I don't either
this is crazy this me scared no no be
alright so anyway that's what's
happening to me just like you you don't
be scared I'm right here oh really yes
all right or they just come with knife
you sure what yeah I'm sure that's gonna
happen it might happen
I've actually rather before don't even
I'm gonna go with this well my mouth
felt numbed up I know you could tell oh
I'm getting a root canal
everybody talks about painful ER so I
think is we all right though at least
you get to keep it tooth
yeah I hate the feeling of not feeling
anything like I'm doing this one feel
nothing yeah so that was happening we're
not allowed to record the procedure but
I'll let you know if I survive it are
you okay well I'll employ yeah I got the
car I like to AH what root canal rhodol
ah you know I can't really tell ya hard
a lot thanks your coral is thrilling
okay okay so Wow I'm crying well I'm
watching it just natural yeah I'm
writing tears oh don't be sad I get done
now
like maybe sometimes like I stay with
little big
let's see if this block will fit in here
and why is you can perfect this is just
almost on you
you
all right how we doing feeling good
yeah root canal huh pleasant as it looks
so while I'm joking I know it doesn't
look close huh so I can't describe the
sound my head was echoing with oh my
head was vibrating and you're like
smelling at me Oh gagging at it yeah I
know gal I opened the chair because I
could see smoke coming my tooth and I
can smell it and I feel like a little
piece of bone Wow anyway this was the
aftermath when I got home cuz I thought
I was gonna be good because I was doped
up no it was fucked up check this out
Michael hey what doing a lay down this
is the most pain I've ever felt
Bridgette oh I'm sorry
you want a pain pill I just took one
maybe it just has to kick in
Oh God okay I don't know the couch this
hearts worse than me before
well I mean you had a your face drilled
in to sleep it off
go to sleep ah don't do that are you who
you are you laughs get to a vlog today
it's okay I understand
just go to sleep and I'll play with her
or something that's what this was all
about how much goddess no it isn't it
you want to get a root canal so you play
which are no I wanted you to get a root
canal so you could keep your toes you're
gonna really appreciate your teeth one
day hon I really feel like this is a
permanent feeling babe come on it's bad
here well it's frozen it work or turkey
a turkey so cold it numbs the pain meat
no nothing
holy take 20 minutes harder and 18
minutes for an article 20 markers gonna
kick in its is your face to be numb
right now I'm not
and feel every bit it just go to sleep I
tried to sleep it off to fart
me a shit oh my gosh I shit my pants why
don't you take a shower come on this is
so miserable you look but you smell
miserable to me I shit my pants just
then come on you need to take a shower
don't put that in any wall and I'll put
you to bed
so Michael's been sleeping for like 30
minutes
and I'm coming to check on to make sure
he's okay hey kids oi
Michael you were sleeping Michael stop
it you're asleep you were so late my
fucking hand so that hurts instead of my
mouth oh it's not gonna work you'll just
have a broke stop it Dejan just checking
on you babe
I'm canceling Michael you were asleep I
wasn't you were are you were snoring
then why'd you wake me up
I wasn't waking you up ah fuck this you
will sleep downstairs tonight you know
what fine get better hon I'm sorry I
just can't take it love you see ya yo
sorry
never Hey
god you're such a bitch I'm going down
sick how can I not you're being such a
baby right now
this is the worst pain I've ever felt
for none go to sleep I've been in a car
accident I've had surgeries I've gotten
punched in the face I stepped on a shard
of glass they had my foot coming for a
year this is the worst there's worse
than any emotional pain I've ever felt
I've lost loved ones that didn't hurt as
bad as this you didn't love them oh when
I will notice will look like a bitch oh
I'm this it's definitely going out I
love you goodbye
what are you doing up no get your ass
back in bed and go to sleep why are you
filming me eat peaches because you're
cute I want to watch you eat
look up this shit looks could it come
any older than this this one we're just
dinner last night and I was asleep so I
didn't get none babe I was hungry and I
can't cook why are some homeless because
I wonder what to eat why I will join you
by the way guys I did not drop the boxes
look for you Oh sad yeah I'm sad stop it
he's thank you overrated you on the side
don't you on that side like dawn the
Dennis had you know eat soft food I
don't just don't chew on that side you
know my McIlroy oh fuck it oh you know
vey swollen yes I feel like I'm talking
better stuff like that pill you got take
another pill right now actually no I
don't Sarah
pill I feel like I'm talking a lot
better yeah you think and you're a lot
nicer do I look better yes I'd be nice
all day I know you're so 12 on last
night a little bit I'm sorry I was just
thinking about it I was a little loopy
I took a lortab which that's never
happening again
I was fuck I was fucked up I was on
drugs that's drugs right yeah oh yeah so
I'm sorry it's okay I definitely
understand I forgive you know about
amoxicillin and ibuprofen
I did it I did it
you've got so much yesterday you don't
even have it in you anymore
I know right so uh my buddy's like you
know what all right that's awesome so
what do you want for dinner
what can I have I'm thinking Laffy
Taffy's no now and laters no I can't
have now laters
sugar bitch sugar babies yes I want a
sugar daddy
Oh like candy I need someone that I can
have sex with for money
oh so what are they called sugar daddies
ha ha hi I messed up sugar babies is the
off-brand
not the off brand with the the
bite-sized version of sugar daddies
pistola circle oh I like those they're
too sugary for me I like the sugar
daddies and whip their teeth out with
you but oh dude I have lost a tooth at
the movie theater to sit down I was with
mom I'll see him South Park and I was at
Union in renting a fucking ID I think
the truth I just got repaired when I was
a kid it was literally - and I ripped
out of my mouth and I didn't you leave
the theater holy shit I just took the
shot I just took the tooth off the sugar
daddy put in my pocket and oh I was just
wrong I don't want to hear no frickin
more then oh no no no the nose in Taco
Bell
Oh I'll be real support your nasty
Michael hey you're probably Taco Bell I
don't want it oh wow
clear on your throat why when I start
recording don't you do it
don't you do it I should go what it
takes
so stop I'm trying to record a CD I'm
not gonna do it just trust me I don't
know that's a problem so so I haven't
said she'd do a freaking Star Wars
poster so anyway oh so next week I am
going to New York City for SummerSlam
and for NXT I'll if I've said anything
about it yet but I'm going to New York
City or wrestling's going to be in
Brooklyn so I'm
going bridges not going she doesn't want
to go she doesn't like Richmond I mean I
kinda like it I kind of don't that I
don't like the prices so I'm staying
home I got my tickets for an XT today
I'm sitting in the front row I'm
bringing Grimm from Grimm's toy show Kim
my sister is coming with us
Jim he's going our James as he likes to
be called he gets really annoyed when I
call him Jim my name is James no it's
Jim I've called you Jim forever you're
Jim so going to New York next week I'm
feeling a lot better that's part of the
reasons oh there's an embarrassing thing
to admit part of the reason why I
decided to get this done now is because
I wanted to shake from Shake Shack oh
and I was like it's gonna be too
sensitive on my tooth let me get it
fixed plus I was feeling sick admittedly
I started to feel sick anyway there was
the infection anyway going to New York
so bridge just brought it to my
attention that there is a new challenge
on the Internet it's called the 100
layers challenge and I want to know if
you guys want us to do it do you want us
to do the 100 layers challenge now I
know some I saw like some somebody did
like hundred layers of makeup 100 layers
oh my gosh 100 layers of con I was
actually originally gonna say that but I
don't want to bring that up we're not
doing that that was so gross oh my god I
want a way to do it definitely because I
don't think dad's gonna put on makeup
but what 100 layer we could do like 100
layers of burrito oh my gosh I know what
he could do to you what I didn't say I
want to do it 100 layers of farts
bridges doesn't understand the concept
no he gets fired on you that's not why I
was gone she has it be layered stop
prejudice understand the layers the
concept here so I did top so we could do
100 layers of burrito hundred let just a
hundred layers let me know click like if
you want us to do the hundred layers
challenge if we do it we're gonna do it
differently click like if you wants to
do a hundred layers challenge Oh what if
we're making a prank we could do that
although also I want some of your ideas
what do you think we could do with the
hundred layer challenge let us know in
the comments maybe we'll do it to me I
want to commit no ha no lawyers bullshit
so
let us know what you guys think let's do
this outro well that's gonna be it for
today you guys thanks for watching I
feel a lot better than I did this
morning so happy but babe you need to
take your steroid you know so tell
people on steroids oh no it's not that
kind of steroid people I do gotta take
another steroid I'm gonna get out of
here
thanks for watching oh my gosh he's
taking these steroids you guys seem like
five one day for the next three of the
next the hardest part is getting the
needle in my ass anyway I'm gonna get
out of here I feel like I'm talking
better I feel like I know your face
looks a lot better yesterday you guys
you saw totally the worst day of my life
you're so rude and I'm sorry about that
I was trying like I did a lot for
Michael off camera
like I remember you bringing me like hot
soup from like a restaurant yeah I was
like a Styrofoam container edge wit and
it was hot and then I put it down and
went to sleep
yeah that happened right yeah anyway I
was loopy so I'm gonna get out of here
thanks for watching you guys click like
if you want grandpa to do that hundred
layers challenge and we'll figure it out
whatever we can do I don't know but
anyway okay I have like kind of a good
idea but I want them to be surprised
like I said how do that I wash them want
their ideas cuz I don't know so let us
know what kind of hundred layer ideas
you have so anyway like let us know in
the comments
this is dragon wall like
everything divided about smell any guys
dragging okay Joe says you'll never be
the man your mother oh yeah it's a joke
dad Oh in your hand Joe okay yeah I mean
Cameron says wash your ass for once you
fat F what what what's your admire why
do you keep getting ones to me
