what's going on you guys can't be on
camera here yeah right there and today
is Sunday and today we're going to the
movies if you yet tell my face is a
little swollen guy I mean don't show
don't show a lot why cuz I got a swollen
face because I got a tooth that's got to
come out with a punch stone bridge it
punched me in the face
um that didn't happen they're gonna
believe it
look you guys know why I gotta have a
tooth that comes on I don't brush so is
so bad for you can be here Stewie
ah that tooth has to come out folks
I sucks I got some swollen gums going on
I had to set up a dentist appointment
but until then I got a deal with pain so
I gotta have a tooth pulled out so if I
talk funny or my face is swollen and you
notice it that's why I feel so bad for
you I look are you know the comments
okay yes I should have brushed a lot
sooner
okay I get it but I did it I did it
my teeth are jacked up and my face is
swollen it's okay yeah we can we can go
to the dentist and they can they can
help you anyway today is Sunday and
today if you haven't seen it we uploaded
the angry grandpa reads mean tweets and
we'll talk about that in just a minute
it was supposed to be hate comments
anyway let's get this day started let's
talk about that
look what's a Sunday movie sighs fucked
up to style so this morning I was
editing the hate comments video that
video was gonna upload today is anger
grandpa read hate comments part two and
I realized I didn't get hate comments I
did tweets you I was supposed to have
you guys post your comments in the
comment section and instead I had you
guys leave tweets so instead of it being
a hand comment it was actually anger
grandpa reads mean tweets oh my god if
you haven't seen it check it out the
link is below it's also gonna at the end
of this vlog but you can pause it now
I'm gonna check it out it's still a good
video it's a Sarah Lee yeah it's a good
video but it's not
hate comments but we will I don't know
how we didn't catch that
I don't either to be honest with me what
the hell so anyway here's some of the
stuff that I didn't use in the video I
don't know how much this might be 40
seconds 20 seconds 10 seconds there's
something here's some of the extra stuff
from anger grandpa reads mean tweets
Kevin wants to know did Tina get you
pregnant the T to get me pregnant
oh my god in there is God a dick
you you're doing man let me get you got
here now spread it bitch you'll be
you'll be awesome talk to will use your
man campaign of that bitch manhood
you've got into your goddamn pleasures
this is hate comments I am Andrew you
what are you doing
I need to be this thing grow damn you're
seven boom
well I get you a pump a bump
I don't know goddamn top stupid a penis
pump a beta bump yeah if you want growth
what a little popper we have something
yeah help you good next cardio question
your TV's mine what are you going to
need my ass my to your room yeah it was
in the living room that is not that was
my fucking couch a TV yeah how do you
think I do knitted riding with that I
put that on you on your new one after do
you destroy here your money take over
huh give you some money
oh my god dad gave me take the
motherfucker there I will Jam I got a
shot goddamn em come on you you're tan
now I'm cooking you a ball fuck that I
love you shut the fuck up what we're
doing a video we don't need your mouth
here I don't know
so then play little games you need to
write evidence they don't with I'll keep
you faggot motherfucker yeah you're fine
waiting break the fuck out okay
honey that was mighty if our Channel
I put that TV in there after you
destroyed a super bottle oh you sure how
do you play that shit it was a little
joke on star with him I'm a TV hitter in
here then this dad this is the TV that
was in his room before that's much more
baggy different yeah yeah yeah okey go
down you watch I am on way up
hallelujah why do you guys hate each
other so much you guys I say let me get
it on dad
still hearing you're there don't break
if you're just going to fucking tape
please time you want dad dad dad that's
out Tommy's come in here British dad
just take it man I know the Lighting's
all squirt Oh cuz the water was not
right now it probably will be why I edit
it yeah anyway I haven't even yet but
grandpa brought me dinner and he wasn't
here long enough for me to film him I
was at home on deck I gotta go bye bitch
but he did drop me off lasagna
Oh guys I didn't eat it all yet so you
know that plate Whipple's this is the
first time trying ah I'm not taking one
bite of this yet the two on this side
mmm seriously tell daddy Department is
to film the recipe of this causes the
basilar good he needs to film everything
he cooks he is such a great cook Bridget
won't dry heaven I'll try for her I'll
try it you try really your warning I
will absolutely try that shit okay Naomi
oh oh you're getting you notice those
two plates one was my mum's yours I
finished that one this one's yours is
mine Wow Wow
and I'd only hear the comments I already
know what you're gonna say I should have
thought of this sooner you know what
babe it's okay you're right I should
have been brushing long before those
owners are brushing every fucking day no
no the truth is though your teeth should
be let's be honest a lot why I should
have no teeth by now I know
here we go anyway brushing you want some
like water first err oh god yeah I need
something I can't use dr. pepper let's
get some water yeah oh we're sort of
vlogging me I could have written our
horrible cowboy punch
that's your tongue
uh-uh you can't be here you can't forget
your tongue strong sink babe I don't
want this any warmer
we're gagging what's up man fresh
everyone too
how are you doing good baby have to
press your tongue you want ply I'm gonna
throw up just in your phone let's just
go okay okay no kids
when your parents tell you to brush your
teeth do it trust me do it you don't
wanna be this brush your teeth kids or
end up like me
our grandpa face of Bridget hey guys
we're two vlogs away from me taking my
ditches out of the dinner table oh my
gosh
oh babe look at your wrestler what's
taking mer stop okay I can see the
camera eating well we just got back from
seeing lights out though so bad I wish
at some point the lights went out in the
theater it was dude I was so power was
off the entire grid of North Charleston
and nobody had anything power to run
movies it was bad dude it was horrible
everybody was given us such a good
rating I know it's so totally trust IGN
and they gave it a 7 it was like a 2 for
me I would give it 1 or 2 it was over 1
oh I don't want to stay was overly
complicated because that makes me sound
stupid
it was that it was actually over overly
unrealistic so I don't think it was
complicated at all I just think the
execution of everything a movie was just
bad so I didn't like it I'm sorry let me
know in the comments have you seen it
and what you thought about it because
I'm curious to know how many other
people like the movie how many people
hated the movie I'm part of the hated it
group yeah me too but you know what
the conjuring 2 is rated much higher
come on do you really want to trust the
conjuring part - I mean yeah because
it's rated 1 wasn't that good you know
part one was okay and then it fell apart
towards the end there was the ending was
not good I need scary movies folks I
need to try the conjuring - I don't know
that I'm scared I need scary movies cuz
they don't scare me psychological
thrillers I like Zodiac shit like that
little monk man let me know in the
comments what kind of good psychological
thrillers what kind of genuinely scary
horror movies there are we need to make
a list for October anyway I know tells
of the Crypt is on there
unfortunately lights out was a big
thumbs down yeah it was pretty bad
lights out for lights out yay I got to
film Bella usually she jumps out of the
chair now she's like yesterday which she
was all cute there's like her okay give
me that ball she loves this seat and I
can say happily she hasn't eaten
anything since the pizza she ate last
night yeah bill that was bad so I hi
so I told you guys I think it was
yesterday so what are you doing I think
she smells the teeth stuff in my mouth
so I told you guys I think it was
yesterday's vlog that she ate cupcakes
off the counter last night I made a
frozen pizza I walked outside for one
second and she ate the frozen pizza why
would you why are you doing so much
stuff like that it's like I told you
guys she has awareness
she made her pauls and she dragged it
off the counter and she ate it
Belle you can't have that stuff okay you
know that I'm filming your face you know
you can't have pizza or cupcakes
are you gonna jump you're gonna hurt my
mom if you jump no don't jump okay you
can't have heaps anymore no more pizza
well that's gonna be afraid of you guys
thanks for watching pretty good day
uh went to the movies all shitty movie
you know it's like I enjoyed that the
date night though
okay it was a fun day regardless besides
this what's about to get pulled soon I'm
really scared
so the reason I'm scared and I'm sure
bridge it'll vlog it click like if you
want to vlog oh my I'm gonna get it too
pulled now don't click like if you want
to her film pole between poling cuz
that's up to the dentist I don't know
but if you wanted to film the aftermath
last time I told them how Friday was so
they drugged me up so they might do it
again oh oh my gosh that was on Drive if
they do that anyway I'm gonna get out of
here thanks for watching I'm scared for
it have a horrible gag reflex I know
it's so bad I had a tooth pulp before I
was in the car cuz boy doesn't anyway I
won't talk about this it was disgusting
like laughing at me like describe
favorite another thing pajamas and
that's it Eleni guys what you're an bar
why do you
they'll stay over here
you got problems I stood your ass stinks
what's the smell like oh my gosh sounds
like shit your way however you died I
wasn't shit
that's your tongue oh you can't be you
can't forget your tongue
