what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here is he yeah right there and
your today and today is for the folks
we're going to grandpa's to do the hate
comment last week I told you guys to
send us hate comments and I would ask
grandpa some of the best ones you guys
said so many I went through a week worth
of hate comments I got up the best I
clearly were confused though because I
was getting a lot of hate but it was for
grandpa I was getting a lot of you know
grandpa you're a fat ass just kidding
love you I can
that's not eight okay I couldn't use
that but I did find some comments I
found some good stuff hope that's gonna
piss grandpa real good we're gonna find
that about that later and I'm gonna
guess I'm gonna have to talk to that
about that story oh my god I forgot
about that I haven't but thinking about
it ever since
oh yeah you guys click like because you
wanted to hear grandpa's reaction about
the time he walked in on me shoving a
thermometer up my ass and that's what I
don't want to do it Michael oh my god
you have to do it that's today hey
Thomas is going up tomorrow ah this
thing it's a little better today looks
like shit it does look a lot better you
know I think it is what what made come
on okay you know what
forget it let what's today Saturday yes
let's get this Saturday started we're
going over to grandpa's we're chillin
we're doing nothing we're not going to
go I don't know what's happening let's
get the day started in the mad monk guys
that's not necessary
look at Bella Bridget right now Bella's
being like this because we busted our
eating those freaking cupcakes Bridget
made yesterday
yeah she ate late at 5:00 she knows she
got caught and she's embarrassed or just
I don't know afraid bad girl oh my gosh
you can't have cupcakes they'll belly
you're not allowed to have that stuff oh
she knows she's taking advantage of it
no she ate the one of those though what
the cup what was the one she ate what
the rainbow chip well you can't have
rainbow chip cupcakes you know we got an
eating problem too like us we got to
talk about it we're gonna talk about
that in a second actually Bella we got
to get you on the right foot so you'll
end up like me or me all right boo all
right we got to address something so for
the past few days Bridget and I have
noticed people posting a picture of me
and Bridget and Walmart they're using it
to try to hurt our feelings to say we
gained weight and you know we're aware
guys it's nothing new we are fat okay if
it's more than that that's what I don't
like that's pretty hot and tasty no no
come on is seriously I'm gonna get
serious for a second so one of the
questions people like to ask is what
happened to Bridget how do birds a
gained weight what happened back in 2012
and I've addressed this in the vlog
before but some people haven't seen it
back in 2012 when she got diagnosed with
PCOS with it which is polycystic ovarian
syndrome when she got diagnosed with
this they gave her some kind of special
medication and it fucked with her like
what would her we're not women what was
a shit it was like I don't know about
this it was like super hormone pills to
like do stuff to my body and what that
was is she had cyst on her ovaries and
so they gave her certain medications and
different birth controls and by doing
this it made her one depressed because
she had the syndrome number two it
fucked with her hormones and she started
to gain weight by taking the pills oh my
gosh and the pills made me even more
depressed so she started getting
depressed taking the pills and then she
started she got listen we're just sort
of drinking for a little bit she had a
problem she it was it was bad it wasn't
that bad I'm not saying it was a problem
just saying you started ringing
you started drinking and then you we
would eat after it was a whole cycle of
shit because of the syndrome and now now
we are where we are I just like food
it's under control I mean I don't even
think I really have it anymore but now
I'm just overweight the problem is we
both got hooked on food now I'm fat
because I'm a green everybody it's the
whole thing we've had people that weigh
a thousand pounds in our family dad wait
800 pounds it's just in our DNA to be
heavy people and I've tried I've really
tried to die again you gotta you've seen
it on video I've done the weigh-in
Wednesday's I've done everything but
food is an addiction and Bridgette
gained weight because she was with the
green so oh it's sad you know now got
you guys showing the picture it's not
like we don't know we gained weight it's
like it's not like Bridgette doesn't
know she gained weight
we know she gained weight but that's not
gonna stop us from going out and
shopping and doing things it's like
sometimes these people post these
comments to hurt our feelings and it
doesn't hurt our feelings but it's sad
that we have people that watch our
content that want to break down a woman
to make them her feel so bad about
herself that she doesn't want to leave
her own house anymore and that's what's
really sad luckily Bridgette stronger
than that that kind of stuff doesn't
bother her losing weight is a constant
struggle
it's like I was I was really overweight
on my first nut Michael like I've lost
weight I've always been fat like all my
life so this is nothing new to me but I
was pretty much thin for like three
years of that so keep the truth you know
so she lost a bunch of weight we first
got together and then this diagnosis
happened and we started eating it and
then I learned how to cook oh my gosh I
thought it look I know moving out and
actually eating whatever we wanted
that's what happened so yes we gained
weight I've gained considerable amount
of weight
I've gained about a hundred pounds since
the trailwood days me too it's look I'm
not proud of it but it's not like it's
that easy to overcome addiction for food
is more than just get off your fat ass
and
it's a lot more than psychological it's
like food addiction is just as real as
any other addiction and this is the kind
of thing that's hard to talk about
because a lot of people who don't battle
with it don't know it's like it's hard
to lose weight man you have people don't
know trust me I want to lose weight I
spent fucking 3 grand on this thing this
thing is fucking expensive I don't want
to spend all that money and not use it
but it's so hard but all you guys that
are using this picture they're trying to
hurt our feelings and mostly trying to
tear Bridgette down because that's why
you're doing it we it doesn't bother us
you know share the picture we just share
it ourselves in the vlog we know we
gained weight we still leave our houses
it's just like that guy who wanted to
tear Bridgette down by going to VidCon
but saying I'm gonna get a real picture
of Bridgette come to Walmart in North
Charleston ok you'll get a picture we go
there every day so you want a real
picture of Bridgette come to Charleston
so I just wanted to take a minute to
address that cuz some people are asking
me how I feel about it I've seen the
picture I posed for it I remember yes we
gained weight we don't try to keep it a
secret from you it's like not is he not
a secret I gained like a hundred pounds
guys I yeah do we want to lose weight
yet this or is it that easy no but it's
not you know what it takes some
willpower and one day guys I will lose
the one will lose some weight and I'll
probably gain it back afterwards
yeah yeah you know what I'm you know we
gotta try we're gonna try of course but
I wanted to address it so you guys
wanted to know about the picture there
you go now do you see why you got to go
on a diabetic
it I don't want to end up like Daddy or
mama put me on a treadmill
why is she got a boy voice no okay dad
I understand ah do I gotta do this
yes everyone what do you think I do it
you better go dad sanic on YouTube wants
to see it alright the other day I told a
story on vlog and I okay it's
most embarrassing moment of my life and
I've erase it from my memory will you
come on get on
hold on okay I really don't want to
write on I won't
I want to wait this out as long as I can
so we lived in trail this was right
before you mom got divorced and now I'm
starting to wonder if that I won't talk
about that
yeah yes nothing to do with mom thank
god this but I'm wondering maybe this
contributed to the divorce
oh my no way it's embarrassing dude I
never watch out edition I don't even
have been thousands of people click like
to hear this I don't give a damn for
what all right
I sense that grandpa knows what I feel
like he knows - do you remember Jay
subject do you remember I was sick for
about a week within the whole time this
was a lot of sick right away okay you
don't get why - you walked in on me but
making a doggy style position on my bed
at trollwood I don't talk about it what
are your thoughts on it
thank God but I got no body gotta do it
if you did you crazy man
you're a goddamn pervert
no that was you anyway plan with Jill so
what did you think she was doing all
this time who Bridget oh boy I choose
show that the monitor of my ass oh my
god I don't wanna hear nothing about up
your ass what do you think it was all
this time oh yeah
you know this is more about blocking out
of my Aisha well now you've remember it
so I remember nothing
it looked the monitor and why are you
for the mom or dad for he wanted me to
Burger Dave cake
what's the temperature taken of your ass
I hate the Jews I that's what I told you
not your ass Brittany mouth Oh Ike you
devil you
oh we're trying to get your kill jr.
slip one huh
so you mom for the mama P asked you to
do that I would agree with and when
readers I carry out putting him out
honey tongue oh my god yes so you know
what your shit tastes like oh you know
what Charlie's tastes like yeah
unfortunately this thought Bart mama so
this is the most embarrassing
conversation I've ever had to shut the
hell up do you remember it no I don't
hear are you guys
I remember nothing so dad knows what my
butthole size and I really know what it
looks like bad boys doesn't isn't that
black hole in space what you sure that's
like black hole in his face it knows
that the monitor came out of it well
we're golden comes out not in the black
hole so grandpa walked into the bedroom
I don't wanna and then he said I'll talk
to you later
I want to know what you had the same
what was it do you remember I thought
you might have did you showed up your
ass you have you thought yeah did you
really think that yeah I thought she I
wanna go where to call Babylon's
oh my all this time you thought that
every thought you have strap on are you
right it was a thermometer
okay now I'm certainly been Harris okay
you guys got it um it was thermometer I
was checking the temperature did Bridget
have now stopped no I don't have a strap
I have strap on now get my toe disease
she was in the back
bootie no how did you it was a
thermometer I feel good can we go - yeah
- stick fingers no you all buy them take
your finger toes
oh my god do you think it up yes it's
enough dad please I'm sorry I brought it
up you guys hate me that's how you get
the wriggle over oh I'm just taking this
temperature okay I won't water at any
point Oh baby you squeal like big oh no
he wasn't
you're making that up you're like I oh
so next drop off oh no go back
daniel keene well just got back and that
was more embarrassing than I even
anticipated it would be
that was humiliating all this time dad
thought you had a strap-on and then I
was getting slammed
so I assure you
oh my god that was one of the most
embarrassing moments of almost
embarrassing as it went when it happened
oh my god what's that was hard that was
pretty embarrassed turned to feel
embarrassed cuz all this time he thought
that's what was happening it makes me
thinks like sometimes I'll be over there
film and dad just looks at me you had to
hear this trample sure to visit oh I
just occasionally has some weird
perverse thought about me you know hey
what's going on dad ish motherfucker why
you had a strap on his Yeshua Oh oh my
gosh in his head all this time so anyway
I did it and we also did the hate
comments video click like if you're
excited for it I'm uploading it oh my
god it was so funny
it was pretty funny dude and some of
your questions were hysterical some of
them he just gave up it was pretty funny
thank you guys for all your questions
that's going up tomorrow now it's time
for us to do the outro so
oh I'm embarrassed Bridget Oh
let's get to the outro well that's going
to be it for today you guys thanks for
watch and if you're wondering with one
of the jokes grandpa meant is when dad
said you got your sticky fingers that's
how you could to the ribs sticky fingers
is a barbecue and rib restaurant I got
to give credit where credit's due that
was really close yeah I'm gonna get out
of here thoroughly embarrassing day
thoroughly fun day with the hate
comments ah that's it man
full day talk tango grandpa talked about
the photo you guys been sharing around
to try to break bridget down dead mark
I'm gonna get out of here thanks for
watching you guys like subscribe
favorite follows everything but to us
there's a picture again oh my god there
is a good oh my god that's it you guys
know it's the worst picture ever it's a
bad picture it is the worst picture ever
I remember when it happened I remember
you took your like without a bad picture
it was dog food cereal what though you
go ahh
a little more funky oh I'll put them
enough for me okay
you're not happy calculate a gun
