what's going on you guys get behind a
camera I know you're out of the same
drop Oh am I out of it is he yeah so
come on let's talk I forgot to do an
intro this morning and the plan was to
do an intro a little bit before the AL
truckers we forgotten we got lazy and
she just I'm not doing it we're up on
any of this vlog up so a few minutes ago
Bridget pranked me and you're not gonna
see it till later in the vlog that's the
beauty of no guys it's not a big deal it
was funny yet that's gonna be in a
little bit in the vlog before shut up if
you want to skip right to it just guys
hey I'm sorry I'm sorry you just fed me
dog food
yeah she fed me dog food yo don't make
me feel even warmer okay look I fucked
up dinner and she is so that's why you
did could you imagine your spaghetti no
okay forget it let's get this day
started
I'm over it let's do this even look Oh
let's get the day started why because
was it ready to film this poor I just
think it's cute you want me to try the
meat you've made yeah okay
Venus you wants to go ahead and record I
made up a bunch of meatball stuff and I
didn't use a recipe I just sort of threw
everything together so I'm frying I'm
doing a little cooking up a little test
meat Oh to see how it is before I
officially make them into meatballs so I
don't know what's so interesting about
that I just think it's funny okay it's
cute I appreciate it all right here we
go
Bridget's
make sure skirt
I'm such a baby a little bit two minutes
I'm going on this fucking guys have you
go
are you scared it makes of you hot it's
not it is not still hot
out of it
meaning even it's really good okay now
it's time for us to make our meatball
since we last saw each other which was
Zico for you it's been a second but for
me it's been about 15 minutes I've made
my sauce now I didn't do homemade I got
ragu
cuz I'm lazy yeah fuck should've popped
up at me oh my god it's oh no a Joe a
salut
okay since then I've made up my sauce so
got a little bit of meat meat in it
dude I'm just gonna watch it now making
up the meatballs as you can see just
take the meat but I do it raw and this
happened every time I do this on vlog
people like oh my god it's not cooked no
this is gonna be simmering for a while
it's gonna cook so shit gel my shit oh
my guys you got it Clyde okay this is
all right drop it make up another one
and drop it oh yeah that's what we do
for all the meatballs I'll be back in a
second needle light no no stop
give me your phone and give me what
you're not filming when I put this in
the vlog I thought you could cook I'm
stop it oh I really fucked up no I think
it's still really good well since I
started I don't know what happened
I had it all oh I know I was stirring it
and then I was editing gram I just put
up a video in grandpa's channel where he
goes to the flea market and we're gonna
talk about that in a few minutes but I'm
Stan I'm like oh let me go check on my
spaghetti and his fucking all burned up
now I'm sure they're trying to take out
pieces of burn it's okay Michael he said
I thought it was really good thank God I
didn't go for another five minutes
oh my gosh could you imagine it's okay
the only miss Marris to ever
you know a big piece of burn em uh don't
get out no I'm like half a second less
going to shit in the garden no you're
not because I want it it tastes really
good despite the burn I mean I don't
taste the barn but it's got to be there
you don't dig out some so burn and not
taste it
well I mean I think you certainly got
yeah you're not including this in the
vlog widget yeah you're not including
this in the vlog
yeah so you meet those out then we'll
start doing the ball oh look at that I'm
including it shankara yeah you are ready
backup alone mmm Michael cut all of it
so so alright you guys we got our sauce
done turned out like expected stop you
know I was funny all right
it was funny put on stop laughing I see
it okay all right you guys are soft
turned out great it's time to start the
new I you laughs I got included on I
won't so please stop this we're all cut
the entire I'll cut the spaghetti part
okay you guys our sauce is done check
out that bad shit man that is good right
there it turned out just as we wanted
turned out just like the recipe entails
all right you guys the sauce turned out
perfect look at that oh boy
push that aside now you're gonna turn
this out I'm gonna burn the noodles now
Burnley
we can't have burnt food okay stir the
noodles please okay
I mean froth you just burned no I did
the - how are you gonna flip this on
shutting that part out so nobody knows
bridges burning the noodles no I'm not
perfect sauce and she burns the noodles
so this right here is homemade garlic
bread Oh bridge did a pretty good job at
this is totally homemade the only thing
I can cook I also made um garlic not
it's crazy how they all look oh yeah
we're gonna make homemade garlic knots
probably this works out so made garlic
knots homemade garlic bread naan burn
sauce fuck this there yeah it was shit I
mean it wasn't like bad yes it was no I
mean don't lie it was all burned up shit
it just I don't know what why I didn't
taste that good stop filming me now
we've got my plea to no general employee
all right I'm a failure
no you're not at least you didn't burn
up uh oh wait you yeah yeah
burned it we have more macaroni no it's
just worse I mean how do you screw up
you did spaghetti sauce how do you know
it was jarred you need to go hi I just
gotta I just gotta ask I mean I could
have probably done better
oh all right all right I'm sorry
so Michael just asked me to make him a
bowl of cereal that's what I'm doing
like Origen babe
well because the spaghetti failed
Michael wanted a bowl of cereal you're
not logging about the spaghetti no more
babe it's okay I burned the noodles
there's how much milk do I gotta get
Michael you freaking love milk
yeah well usually a little more cereal
Miss Lee it's like a what a cup yeah I
mean yeah it's a lot of cereal actually
that's not a lot of shit it's a lot of
stew and a lot of milk I wanted one of
those gigantic balls my spaghetti was an
absolute disaster Michael it's okay yeah
it is okay that it wasn't that good I
mean it was it was all right it wasn't
too bad hey what the fuck is that cocoa
puffs - fucking dog food I know the
flavor sorry dude I want to throw the
ball just just don't throw the ball cuz
I will not pick it up just take the bowl
Bridget was it fucking funny it was
pretty funny I laughed God so better Oh
bitter I'm not bitter but fuck man I'm
already depressed that I ruined dinner
now you gonna give me frickin dog food
with milk in it babe it's okay just give
it to me going what you want your laugh
he guy okay let's eat it doing Oh God
I don't know why are you doing this
you're sure to act like your dad and
that's a problem give me this bowl no
I'll eat it eat it
shit Michael I need to get a thumbnail I
don't care it's okay
no I mean take a spoonful
and like put it in your mouth no I need
to get a thumbnail I just hate this
bullshit now gonna do for a thumbnail I
would do it for you
no you wouldn't remember when I try to
get a thumbnail when I fed your cat food
or whatever the fuck it was you wouldn't
want to do a thumbnail for that just let
me get us some now forget dude this is
bullshit
here all dude this is the most I'll go
little closer well that's in my mouth
now come on I'm trying to give you
trouble I'm not eating the shit no more
okay all right
fucking disgusting what man what we gave
this idea dog food cereal what though he
go ah nasty there you happy no just a
little more fuck it oh I'll put it in my
mouth for you okay you're not happy it
you're fucking your calculated bitch oh
it's so nasty Michael we got into an
intro no yes is they your intro hat yes
there's a mysterious slime on it what is
that my god that's great I gotta wear it
I don't have you ever had it's some
mysterious slime is on my you have a
flashlight for that thank youing i don't
want to do an intro today just cut right
into the caulking we gotta do an intro
so like how'd it taste it tastes like
real food cuz it's supposed to be like
real meat and vegetables no it does not
taste like real food it tastes exactly
the way you would think sawdust tastes
oh I feel real sorry for our dogs it's
top of the line top of what line the
assembly line no the dog food line no
ice fucking no
yeah it's rated like number two
one what the hell would ours we rated
them Jesus Christ huh what babe you ate
top align dog food well it's disgusting
okay I'm not doing an intro we have to
an enter ugh
so when yesterday's vlog I told you guys
what is that
I'm your feed what by your nose this yes
it's a bump Bridget okay
it's cameras getting fogged up yeah you
gonna fix that or no yeah my face is
covered in zips no it's not I was just
asking okay if you didn't see the video
we uploaded yesterday I told everybody
click like if they wanted to hear a
story where grandpa walked in a bird
shoving a thermometer up my ass horribly
embarrassing story you guys click like
so I'm gonna call grandpa right now and
we're gonna talk about when he walked in
hey get this through thank you
I had it one take and you had
interrupted Michael you can't call him
we have to do this in person what yes
and I never agreed to that
uh III don't care they click like they
just let me talk to my ex I just click
like if you want Michael to talk to
Grandpa bout this in person I don't want
to see his eyes I want to see his eyes
I don't YouTube wants to see his eyes I
never agreed to that I just said I'll
talk to I'm calling and now we gonna see
his face I'm not agreeing this and
everything I'm not agreeing guys you
gotta click like so Michael has Louie do
it I don't wanna see his face
come on guy I'm gonna be seeing grandpa
tomorrow for doing the hate comments
video hmm don't make me do this oh my
gosh oh my gosh before the hate comments
is gonna have this image and this head
all right dude just stop oh my guys
bridget is making me cupcakes right now
and I made her a delicious perfect
dinner today was spaghetti it was gross
stop that so Bridget right now is making
me some cupcakes to go as dessert for
our perfect dinner we had earlier and I
just won't do it
look at this this is how you ice
cupcakes what if I happen to this one
what is this this is what you took a
bite out of and spit the icing on to it
no it doesn't just like it like that
there's no way come on Bridget this is
all shit
oh my god Oh what wait what you who you
are you this bad you want something done
right you gotta do it yourself
are you jealous or what no no tell me
who this
why are you sick that's my cupcake no
much beautiful she were you fucked up
you were doing stiff skirt a little
force often it up damn you know like
when giddyup so peanut butter is a rip
bread look how easy that is
yeah that's a beautiful cupcake well
that's gonna be a fair today you guys
thanks for watching I made a delicious
mouth-watering spaghetti that went
totally according to plan a fucked up
dinner it's okay I fucked up dessert and
you fucked up my second dinner with that
bowl of dog food oh my god I still
haven't either bowls hurry up folks I
don't know she did something to the milk
oh so I'm gonna get out of here thanks
for watching you got me I'm sorry not
sorry some way I'm gonna get out of here
thanks for watching you guys thanks
Bridget uh I'm sorry
it wasn't that bad we just watch
break-in dude it was disgusting no no I
thought you I thought you took care of
me he made me a nice bowl is freaking I
do cocoa cereal not this time well I
made you cupcakes I don't want to be
pampered anymore I'll be honest with you
that's over with
thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe favorite following everything
but you must click like if you want me
to talk to that in person oh my god
Kenny is this what I see bit on my chin
the whole time goddamn
it may be a while
Oh Celia Maggie's fine oh my god don't
you know you thank you it's okay you
know it is it
