what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here physically I see yeah why
are you doing that because you okay
mine's a tic
okay no stop I'm gonna keep touching it
choke you it's like OCD or something I
don't I gotta keep touching it so I have
this when you don't wear glasses what do
you do
let's find out take them all right
what's going on you guys
Kip be on camera here visualize here
right there I'm joking not really doing
it give me the glasses back I need my
check yeah we'll be right with you folks
if you haven't seen the video we
uploaded earlier angry grandpa ate
SpaghettiOs out of his toilet and OH
early oh my gosh I told you guys it was
really gross I called grandpa earlier I
told him yes sir you guys went over
30,000 likes on the video you wanted to
see it so we uploaded it the videos up
it just went up grande pipes but it's
utterly disgusting that rim there is no
way in hell that he cleaned it right the
porcelain oh I'm pretty sure you can
hear like that I'm done
let's see if you can hear it you're not
doing it yeah you heard it he scraped
the porcelain guys all right there's no
way he scrubbed under that so he ate
some sort of shit residue so oh but you
know my apologies if they need you guys
find it disgusting I'm sorry
I warned you we did we warned you guys a
lot of people saying it's disgusting
some people's hands are throwing up I
apologize but I watch it now I'm gonna
watch this one and I'm okay with that I
understand I totally get it
it was hard for me to watch I mean it
was if you hadn't seen it check out the
link below pause this video watch it
it's the
disgusting let's get this blog started I
got plenty aftermath to show you guys on
a little bit well Bridget the videos up
will you say your celebrate with a
little bit so I think we should
celebrate
we're celebrate what is that uh what
kind of liquor I'll show you in a minute
don't worry waiting shot glasses um I
well where's the shot glass I think we
do i dodging watch big full glasses so
right now we are about to drink some of
this sugar-free English toffee syrup I'm
just I'm sure it's the heaviest of the
heavy alcohol okay joke over that was
the scene yeah you know I got those as a
gift a year ago I'm gonna go I'm gonna
to go French I was like you should
happen that's Laker so I did it was a
mule it was that funny well no let me
finish I was gonna say so I got those as
a gift a year ago and I think it would
never get done
guess what we filmed it when you got
home it was on video your prank remember
that so that thing we did the same joke
like around then where did you say you
were gonna regifter yes I never opened
them you can Tree gift Michael you can't
you know can't we get a lot of people
read gift you know Bridget that's
horrible
okay all right i'ma keep it I bet you're
the type of person that re-gifted to the
person that gave it to you oh god it
doesn't once digit you've done that huh
tell me about it
come on okay so you remember that purse
my mom gave me yes well two years later
I gifted it to her you gave it to your
mom
uh-huh well I remember that she was for
Mother's Day if you were your suggestion
was oh it's filling up with like snacks
and candy yeah so you gave your mom did
you know she gave it to you
did you forget as a matter of fact I
think it happened the other day
Cindy's mom Cindy's mom Bridget's mom
came over to help us clean our house and
I wanted to give her something because I
felt bad that she was helping a clean
sighs I hate let's give her this Walmart
hard shoot the other two is four
Christmas oh we're pieces of shit crap I
got anything I get the last one I have
to make it up to my mom your che
daughter no I'm kind of like a mom well
it's almost time to see some of the
extra scenes and deleted stuff in it I
don't know what to call it deleted slash
extended scenes my or is this a fucking
DVD out of your mouth aftermath slash
before math but before I got to that
before I get to bed I wanted to take a
moment to talk to you guys because I
know this video was disgusting okay oh
my gosh wasn't that it was so proud I
know it was disgusting and the fact that
you guys actually still support us after
and you and you still show your love you
know I can't express my gratitude to you
enough Brigit me grandpa I don't say it
enough I do on Twitter a lot but I don't
really own the vlogs I don't express it
to you guys well without you there is no
us
we don't do videos if you guys don't
enjoy the content and so the fact that
you actually still liked it even though
dad ate off of a toilet oh god you know
I appreciate you guys to know and
seriously you guys are amazing I
appreciate everything you do for our
family and you continue to do for us and
now let's get into some aftermath so
check it out I really love you guys
that was my transition I want them to
know that I really love them she loves
you too okay I love you so much you make
life you make life so much more fun rich
did the moment you turn it into sappy
okay here we go here comes all that
extra footage check it out now I love
you guys I gotta grab this thing real
quick I hurt something
I love you guys I mean no no there's not
no there's not
no there isn't no there isn't
didn't my god
I tried stop it
you gonna be good now I love you guys
here's the extra stuff love you hey man
Wow that's tender hey y'all you get it
so tender what how do you get the meat
to be so tender clear that cinders at
all oh my gosh we're staying for that I
don't even give from okay so you
purposely by the toughest meat you can
get just to make it tender
yeah what
yeah looks good
Alex awesome
and a great magic
come on cooking I'm so is that my home
to me yeah the hell onion
mmm that's tough food you can buy that's
good you Wow
sounds delicious odd company Jesus dad
what are you thinking you should have
done that you just had to be freaking
showing us up Oh Oh God
this guy I know dude I want to do he's
got it in for you oh my god are you okay
he'll keep you say that I want to show
him I just wanna check you shouldn't eat
up a toilet I don't know what I do oh
gosh you know we kiss oh let me take
some China Charlie's notorious for
barely flushing sometimes oh yeah
oh my hey buddy don't be mad at him all
he do is use the bathroom he I mean you
can't be mad at him
oh good all he did was I out oh this is
gross
he off the toilet yo if you did not see
the video we uploaded on the main
channel he ate off of a toilet he ain't
off a toilet oh my god never this has
got to be up there with the nastiest
thing I've ever seen in my life I feel
like even if it was a brand-new toilet I
wouldn't do it no I wouldn't eat off of
a toilet in the hardware store you know
oh oh okay guys I'm gonna get out of
this part of it the vault grind knuckles
okay thank you guys sit up girl please
oh my god dad you proud of yourself
oh man
there you go chug it don't really chug
it Jesus dad Jesus how's your breath
taste like Charlie's ass your breath
smells like Charlie doughnut Bridget how
would I know I gave you like kissing
over 65 year-old man damn do I don't
know what smells work dad's breath of
Charlie's ass Oh God doesn't know that
enough no you don't have a off the
toilet the choice shit in oh my I want
to think about this a warhead oh I want
out of twenty flavored up yeah shit
Charlie you probably ate some shit dude
yeah I mean it was a particle yeah you
know that them still Spaghettio fit have
meatballs in it right Oh Oh ima well no
there was no eat balls on that oh my god
Michael I'm gonna throwing up stop there
were meatballs yeah you fucking ate shit
I like taste shit stop I'm joking around
with you
I proved you that out that you so much
that you don't on you do you're right
yeah I'll do it to you I've never ever
seen somebody do it before you did now
oh but at the same time you tasted
Charlie - yes oh you taste - Charlie's
asshole to me
alright I'll stop oh gosh you missed uh
that's enough after I stopped to listen
please darling what is shit is uh kill
her kill me I don't think he wants to
talk to you I mean I didn't really mean
- I mean come on head who knew you was
he supposed to know you were gonna eat
off the toilet
no I didn't all right you need to push
that motherfucker you going to I thought
man heard a I flushed my damn matter
what but then what if he wasn't flush -
why would you eat now if I wanted being
so pristine it was appreciated sick away
ask my mother for the cold who's just
used to did yard what he's was use the
yard work dog dude can I leave you guys
to like I trust you guys on four five it
out here I'm going a lot my dog
this is will be that goddamn game yes
game up
Big Daddy yeah I used the bathroom all
right listen
oh let okay let's see go man eat shit
squawk oh God
eat shit squawk that's all he does like
a fucking seagull big ah miss bitch
bitch snap snap I'm not one who ate off
a flippin toilet Wow ok let's go meet
overdramatic with it
you a more older maggoty come told you
man except ticket don't I was in there
minute - whoops
you see so defeated like I know mmm did
you look - it looks up see luckily you
didn't lick it I can say kiss my butt
you can't be that mad you should have
done it yeah okay
he took a crap yeah dad's oh yeah get
out
so what it tastes like he's gonna be
flip out virgin ho in a J's like how
about kids hurt everybody shit kids like
that's the second time you use that joke
it is also not true I don't taste like
shit smell like you that's cute
y'all get mad I will get out in a minute
I want to make sure you and Charles are
all right Charlie's in here yeah Nelly
intimately minute I join - you guys are
fine okay view only game all night angle
but they freakin hate each other Michael
nah you know I know you don't want to do
this just apologize for what protect the
town handle sorry for taking a shit go
get the game Oh
go and get out okay let's go mutually
pickle again shake shake
shit Jesus Christ that was a problem now
good god it's not you know it's
disgusting you're eating importantly you
don't do that dude wait a minute wait a
minute
Bridget oh oh oh no dead you not
remember Charlie was just like in here
using the bathroom you talk to you all
day long time to work it all day
what up so man god oh my god
