what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here wish I was here right there
today yeah we're going over to grandpa's
I wanted to say that oh don't make fun
of me so today is two plus a Tuesday
I'll get confused is it Tuesday yes
today is Tuesday
and today we're going over to Grandpa's
house and if you didn't see the vlog we
put up yesterday I got Harry Potter and
the cursed child and that was the entire
vlog I didn't freak out I didn't do
anything wrong I got the book and I was
in so he cried he screamed he felt wise
okay check it out guys no we're not
today and to top it off I prank them yes
I showed my ass I embarrassed myself I
cried I bitched I screamed I broke
things
haha you know it was such a baby I'm
gonna get out of here on earth it's one
of my favorite vlogs I think it is so
funny I'm getting out of here I'm
thoroughly humiliated I want to get this
vlog started I don't want to relive this
anymore one of the most embarrassing
vlogs I've ever done I cried
waving all I cried in the bathroom with
a marker all over my face and start
scrubbing it up okay let's get this day
started where's the boy you ready to
vlog where jit where is that coming from
Bridget I'm ready to vlog now I'm this
Flyers are so pretty
hey I was hiding behind the flower oh
these are the flowers and got Bridget
for national girlfriend day your sis I
don't know why you never took the happy
birth day out
I thought it was cute you're keeping it
in happy birthday I love it they're
purple they're like Murray from Breaking
Bad
she never thought coming so one of the
more embarrassing parts of the vlog
yesterday this is embarrassing
first of all is my hand my finger look
oh yeah do this does it look bigger oh
yeah I fucked this finger up and I'm
flipping birds off at the same time I
fucked my finger up yesterday when I
fell out of the bathroom door now what
happened is Bridget shuts the door and
she started there leaning against it and
so I'm trying to push it and she moves
and I fall face-first on back and I hit
that wall with a fucking thud Oh Paul
says let's look at a replay okay that
hurt man
you did this look I can't do it I feel
like it was this close to breaking I
thank God it didn't let's look at that
in slow motion
good god dude it's like you poor baby
one second I'm leaning on the door in
the next second I'm face first on the
ground and then bail tried to bite me I
know what the Apple was look at that
replay it's like yesterday was not my
day I slipped down his night it was my
day I slid down the stairs I fell out of
the bathroom door I cried the dog tried
to bite me I didn't have my book and
Bridget pranked me yesterday suck and we
still got to go to Dad's today what can
we go yeah yeah
I'm tired is that Pokemon go what is
that Pokemon go hi
no thanks oh shit what's up well came
over to see you and talk to you in a
couple days long time been working all
day
what up so man I know where that all
motherfucking day man Ted King damn boys
room heads me that bathroom
way way where you didn't tell me he
picking up your job
boy wait let me guess is he playing the
game all day I'm scrubbing the goddamn
room he's fucking playing the game I was
taking care of Jake if Jake was sick
today right
was he not oh here in easy - a morning
oh yeah you hold his goddamn head up I
was there when well when he puke this
morning were you poor no other school
Redrum goddamn school all three of them
so we're room so room says you're
covering your bases on coverage we go
wind up motherfucking Armitage let it go
let it go
God you guys hate let it go I didn't say
anything that's why so I can't have him
forget what none
how long has it been better like this
it's not bitter this is him hate how
higher after how is he
that's how long has been better I've
been working man I know it's like clear
on the fire
hello what is it that's all then go play
paddywhack spin your dick on a deal to
play game say mobile games calling your
name asshole company enjoy your day
planner that I come just turns brain
robert cornea daughter you goddamn game
how you feel no good I'm not gonna tell
you guys what happened Jack I want to
save the surprise dude it was so gross
don't tell me I won't do something yeah
I kind of dared dad to do something I
think he would do and boy did he do it
oh so I'm gonna leave that for you guys
oh my god dad can you get something
taller I don't know dad yes
yeah you can yes especially at your
Charlie you're sitting on it
who so guys I'm not gonna say anything
else
this was disgusting you were discretion
yeah I'd written so
like scribe you guys want to see this
cuz that's partly what I'm feeling like
maybe we shouldn't upload it if you guys
need any that are you I'm thinking about
it though yeah I'm thinking about it
no click like if you guys want to see it
post in the Connaught
post in the comments you want to see it
click like and I'm uploading it it's no
I'm mmm disgusting that you are next
level
inhuman did you like wash your hands did
you wash your hands for making this food
yeah what the hell is this look where's
it what I'm sort of like straight piece
of meat sit in your pot what is the dead
dog back yeah you're gonna get sick dude
you get real sick your this is just too
much too damn much you are a problem dog
oh my god dad Liao is the five I think
it's hilarious you did this that I gotta
be honest with you laughing anything
that was worth laughing at did you
people going to come with someone to do
nicknames for you what you're gonna get
somebody new nicknames after this video
yeah call me then they won't call me
lady I'll talk Oh dad
I mean I'll shake your hand you did go
away you don't anyone shake my hand no
no didn't I do it I feel head prove you
wrong yeah well now you you prove me
wrong
like I would never go that far like call
me out I don't care yeah go away so you
want us to leave can't I stay for dinner
I don't know that Mommy no that's my
meat hey guys you're my buddy what you
got your plate sitting here having
dinner with pop look grandpa yeah good
does your wrinkly are you is your
appetite nice three three all I have
Blue Plate special
dad bought this meat for one much seven
bucks for Tuesday seven bucks where a
whole bunch it is and it was cheap meat
and he's made it this tender blueness I
make fun of that a lot but this fucker
oh this is delicious
good freedom outfit yeah
I love two things Bridget look at this
they got a sign right there this is
divorce for one hundred and forty nine
dollars I would not call that play and
then look at this it's a sign selling
your home moving to Canada I guess it's
a sign or the presidential election if
you're moving to Canada oh my god if
you're voting Trump or Hillary
sell your home and move to Canada oh my
god oh god I'm gonna stay zoomed into a
get closer to it is so funny this
charlie feature
thumpy yeah good we're not doing so stop
recording me ass oh fuck you
here we go moving to Canada we can sell
your home that is insane nice job jack
well we just got back from Grandpa's
house and I'm gonna be well that's
assuming you guys want to see it which I
don't know if you want to see it or not
but click like if you do assuming you
liked the video we're gonna be uploading
what anger grandpa just did and I guess
out I guess we ought to talk about it so
I didn't want to spoil and I still don't
want to spoil it too much guys it was so
gross let's just say okay have you ever
heard of the phrase my floors clean
enough to eat off of if I assume a lot
of people have heard that phrase before
that's enough moving on I just want him
to think us to floor though that that's
enough moving on it wasn't the floor
okay I don't want to say okay that's
wait till tomorrow you guys it was one
of the most disgusting guys grandpa ate
food off of Michael's ass that's what
that's not what happened don't see
you're gonna raise it to be here and the
videos here get paid for okay
oh you're gonna have to tell them that
no what happens okay he doesn't eat off
of my ass it's not that disgusting okay
but it's still kind of you know it's
it's repulsive you guys it's gross like
I would never do it Michael most of you
watching would never do it and if you
would I don't know I'm in a web site
anyway that's going up tomorrow if you
guys want to see it oh yeah yeah I'm
clicking like I remember like this is
gross dad called me about 20 minutes ago
saying pretty much I'm not putting up
the video he doesn't give me permission
to upload this video so you guys got to
click the fuck out of that like button
cuz then I'm gonna call dad tomorrow
tell them what we got and hopefully
we'll be uploading that fucking video so
click like it's utterly disgusting yeah
tranny repulsive I kind of look at him a
little different
oh do I do well a little differently
able so I tell you one thing it was
fucking hilarious
it was very funny but very gross I only
want to think about it this Greiger's
crossed that's tomorrow so why we
working on a new magic trick
Bridget hasn't seen it yet I wanted I've
been working on I don't know if you've
known for like at night when you go to
sleep I've been perfecting a
disappearing act
oh my god yeah I got this box okay
okay so look okay don't freak out cuz I
know you when I disappear you're gonna
think it's real magic Magic's not real
it's just an illusion you know magic is
real in just a split second right before
your eyes I'm gonna disappear Michael
you can hear my voice if you can't see
me
Oh God where are you I'm disappeared
right now did anybody find me Oh was
that good
Oh God I'm thinking about taking it to
Vegas how did you do that what do you
think those thing about going on Penn &
Teller for I just want to say that I
think you would fold the shit out of
them right yes did let me know in the
comments if you saw where I was ready
well Charlotte more time s i'ma do it
backwards I can do it all kinds of ways
okay uh where are you oh my gosh are is
Michael taking out where he's at
no Michael gotcha Oh Michael Michael
where are you
you can't wasn't character Michael what
was that Michael goes the B two Fabri
boxes ruin the sketch that's how I
invisible mr. well that's gonna be it
for today you guys thanks for watching I
assume you guys know that my box trick
was sarcasm but what I thought you were
really magical nope turn is light like
that for me my channel now is my job
it's mine I want to get out of here
thanks for watching you guys
I can't wait for you guys to see this
video to leave I look like you really
want to see this trust me and I got
plenty of aftermath for it too
this is gonna be a good day grandpa
hates charlie you can feel that tension
folks I think they look jet hit each
other Charles plays a big part in the
video for tomorrow I can't wait for you
guys to see it it's so gross so funny so
gross
that's tomorrow like subscribe favorite
following everything for to us and
said guy is try to guess one of those in
the comments think you probably got it
I'm sumus been hinted long enough faking
it you know what it is my there's a
vomit alert icon' notification hey I got
a notification if I'm gonna get in here
until Thursday stop I just I've lied I
didn't get a notification I don't know
what their problem is when you say
you're gonna live for a book on Monday
your time
