how'd it go fine what happened okay you
need to tell what happened sounds good
fine okay why are you so angry not angry
you alright hi are you out of your meds
really I've got my meds
I'm taking my meds Bridget well you
don't act like a Bridget you know Jenny
you know Jenny I'm gonna kick your
father she's clearly in a bad mood so
let's just stop
did you know him purpose of course she
did it was an accident okay so it wasn't
a great
whoa what do you have Jerry go okay you
know Jenny I'm trying to be really
respectful okay dude chill out what are
you doing up seriously what's going on
you gonna stay up a drink when you give
it to me
pseudo shook it soon as she's out of her
freaking mess
and I certainly got you need to leave
I'm good
Jenny Bridget I'm not gonna put up with
this this I'm gonna stop I don't care
get out of my house crazy I want to talk
to my sister something just what is
wrong with you
now huh yeah you're taking this out on
us why dinner you got a chill
jenny is growing people lose we're
walking around with no weight on do it
mmm have a little like hey so the where
where where's away your hair looks fine
it doesn't look bad it's growing it's
like as long as Michaels now she did
this one time too when you got a haircut
when you were in like middle school and
you refused to go to school cause she
thought it was so sure I want to cut
some lady out yeah throw a chair at her
oh yeah on yes right yeah you made a run
cry cut my hair nets or was it this
short mega lopunny if you want to hear
the whole story and we will tell her I'm
sorry about Thursday
Jennifer freaked out in a salon make the
lady cry and threw a chair up the whole
thing
let's compare actually yeah yeah
compared heads crazy
that was good coffee well you should are
you closer maybe get down Michael dude
it's like the same length and really you
put your fingers through Michaels hair
you can't do that to mine it isn't it's
not a girl it's not it's permanently
like this dude well I didn't want to
tell ya buddy
it hasn't grown oh my god not an inch
it should have grown something by now
yeah she wasn't like a full head of hair
by now oh I'm joking I think it's time
for you to leave dude she's in this
Attack Position Jenny your hair is
growing you know it's good I hope it
doesn't grow okay Millie Bobby Brown
11:13 doesn't have gray hair well you're
like are you complaining about the gray
or the short it's not red
really and you can't go even gonna dye
my scalp
what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here rejoice here right there
Jennifer right there how you doing
do you feel better guys she has annual
problems we gotta work on that you guys
today is Wednesday and right now we are
officially day of right now we
artificial a day of guys guys usually we
film our vlogs on the day before and
today we're at she's really distracting
didn't we we please get closer I don't
like when crazy people are kind of
behind me it scares me yeah it's scary
you're acting hurt I'm kind of scared
right now I need to be alert when you
want to swing so I can kick your ass
guys today is Wednesday and yesterday we
didn't film a vlog at all if you're
wondering why it's because of this it's
up it's ready yeah
oh my god oh my god oh my god it's
downloading Oh guys a new update for
Friday the 13th just came out we have
been waiting it has the pinehurst map is
gone
wait Jason I am wearing my Jason sharp
celebration anymore my cam Crystal Lake
shirt awesome dude
oh dude I am so happy is that other ps4
turned on hello who is it oh hey oh my
god guess what - dog toy oh man what's
going on Joe look at this sorry 13th
update just came out yeah what whoa for
real yeah
but what about the toy
all right well let's play Friday the
13th soon as I get home download it ok
bye bye love you
don't say it's early believe me he's
really leaving in that budget he's not
really leaving just a point if he's
going to put the car back in the truck
probably come on he's not most likely he
has to look at our toilet it keeps
running yeah the obsession that you guys
have we're frightened to learn to eat
this - ok mister wearing this shirt I'm
excited but I mean Michael hang out with
us 13 this is like we do have a toilet
it's just it's running and our water
bill is like $90 we played Friday the
13th the entire day till 3 o'clock in
the morning and we just did not vlog at
all so today is Wednesday and today's
really Wednesday oh my god but seriously
the new math is so cool guys I want to
play right now we got we got the vlog
Jason's done for the day right Jenni you
know you got a mess to clean
no no no no you got a big coffee mess to
clean
no not she she's clean - this really
good why don't you have a mop I don't
know what you matter to you why did you
throw coffee on your oh we have a broom
how the broom didn't clean up fricking
coffee well you should've thrown coffee
all over the floor yeah how about that
Jennifer I appreciate you cleaning this
though I know she had a clue she made
the mat I know right
kick rocks
right actually the piece of candy do you
feel better though you seem a little
happier not now
why either okay
what's Bella Itza and she's disgusting
real hard to make sure she doesn't eat
it but you're a lion
no it's disgusting bear well I think
it's done actually you missed a spot
look oh yeah you missed by a coffee
footprint right there yeah that's Chell
girl I'm gonna kick you I feel like
you're not I'll let you kick me by
Matisse why you tease you have teeth
I'll buy you some toothpaste oh my god
we all got teeth probably make fun of me
- Michael I'm not making fun of you dear
your teeth are pretty oh why are you
turning on the camera I don't wanna talk
about this on camera because I really
want these people to know I don't want
to discuss it okay you know I'm tired of
drawing attention to it but Michael
these haters think they have power over
me and that's not true
we were just they don't run my life you
taught the camera to finish the
conversation no I don't want to do this
okay it's on it's on camera and I think
we should show it we're not gonna talk
about that we should surely we're not
gonna talk about that you know okay we
can't discuss it let's just talk about
it for a second you know apparently
there is a really bad picture of Bridget
taking a grandpa service and like people
the haters are starting to use it to
make fun of bridge in and it makes me
mad when that happen
you know there's not a lot of stuff that
make me mad but when somebody tries to
use that to break down a 24 year old
girl that that kind of gets me mad that
gets me mad you know even you know Jack
Daniels posted the picture on his
Twitter account
really he was like Oh gross
oh god he's one to talk yeah like bro
you know what's gross using your first
Google check to get a prostitute on
Backpage wasn't she like recently
diagnosed with some things let's not
talk about that but that that's that's
for his place to get tests yeah yeah
yeah that's the kind of thing that I
find gross you know when it comes to him
everything goes down to physical
appearance because he thinks he's like
he's God's gift but for God's gift to
women I sure haven't seen you with one I
know you forever Aleppo I don't recall
one I just don't get how somebody could
go on a live stream oh they're coming at
me they're saying this about me they're
attacking my fans and then post a
picture of a 20 or 4 year old girl
saying she looks fat and gross and like
Cyd your followers to make fun of her
which they're doing they're sending a
picture of Bridget or trying to make her
feel bad about herself and it's not
working and I'm happy to know that it's
like not bothering you Bridget but it
just really gets me mad like I you know
what I find gross is becoming such an
alcoholic that you drive everybody away
from you every beauty girl every time
somebody gets closer you drive them away
from your drink don't even let it get to
you and you know I'm happy with myself
and if you're happy with me then I'm
even more happy like yeah we have an
eating problem we're addicted to food
yes it's great but when I eat a
cheeseburger
I don't burn every Bridge around me and
torch it with gasoline and then look for
new relationships to burn those bridges
like that what happens when I eat a
cheeseburger I don't I don't eat food
and then start rampaging on people and
lose everything and everyone around me
so you know dude
the kind of stuff that I find ya know
there's a huge difference between a
cheeseburger and like 20 beers a night
or going to three different gas stations
to split up your beer purchases so they
don't think you're an alcoholic
yeah that's okay that's flames
that's flames they don't care if you
guys are getting mad that I'm talking
about this stuff I'm subscribed bro
like seriously if you would rat if you
support him go support him I don't I
don't want any of his followers on my
channel anymore and that's the god I
agree he's not my brother and people can
see it that's harsh to say you don't
know the full story and you never will
know the full story let's just say he
has slapped our nephews in the face he
called the police on dad's house one
time because that was getting illegal
tattooing gun come on now okay and then
with the catsuit guy called him out he
ran inside that dude so you guys don't
know the real person this guy is you
just see the person that he gives you on
the camera you see all of us I've given
you plenty of reasons just to dislike me
and I don't take it out I own up to
everything and I don't blame it on
everybody else my problems are my
problems I'm fat because I eat you don't
drink because of me I am dropping the
Jack Daniels drama because I'm not gonna
I'm not going to buy into it that you
know he's trying to use me for his
channel because he lacks the creativity
to do anything himself and I'm not going
to be his crutch I'm not gonna be the
person he can rely on because things
aren't working out for him so from here
on out I'll just consider him another
one of my kid behind the camera troll
channels that I never watch then upload
15 videos a day saying go
breaking news kid behind a camera gains
weight breaking news shot or Brigid if
you know that's all that channel is
going to turn out to be and I don't want
no part of it I told you guys before dad
before dad passed what he was gonna do
now that what he was planning has been
exposed and everyone realizes who he is
and sees who he is I don't have to keep
explaining it so
I'm not gonna keep letting my anger
build up and show itself under these
vlogs I'm just gonna move on without
forever and ever do you ever see him on
another one of my vlogs again I didn't
subscribe for my channel because I don't
deserve to have yet here anyway he's
gone for absolute ever I promise on my
life on Bridget's life I promise on
Dad's well that's gonna be it for today
you guys thanks for watching I assume by
now everyone that's going to unsubscribe
has already unsubscribed and they're not
gonna get to this part of the vlog so I
can take this minute to talk to the real
subscribers to the real fans and take a
minute to tell you guys thank you for
all the support you know it's been
amazing and I love it and there's a lot
of dislikes already on this video
because of people who don't like what I
had to say you know what I don't care I
honestly don't care I don't either I
mean they should go if they like them so
much seriously I don't want them so
that's just how it is I'm done trying to
help somebody that doesn't want help
somebody that doesn't want to help
themselves somebody that just abuses my
kindness yeah I'm done with it and guys
I can't even tell you how many times
Michael really has helped him I've been
recently I've really tried you know and
I can't keep trying
I can't keep like getting bit and I
can't keep putting you guys through it
so I'm not gonna try I do wish some luck
you know I do I don't want the worst for
you definitely I hope I hope some day
you do succeed man I really do because
your daughter needs you and right now
you don't deserve to have her and that's
that's the truth you need to fix
yourself seriously yeah seriously
like all bull all bull aside you you got
to go get help
I don't know if you went to rehab before
or not if you did good on you but I
don't think you did
and I think you really do need it you
need to finally look at the wreckage
that you've caused
take a second to turn around and look at
everything you've done and stop blaming
other people and get help for yourself
because until you realize you need help
and may
the attempt to change it you're never
gonna change you've you know live
streams and pander and be a you know
pander for those tips so you can you
know keep buying alcohol but eventually
that's gonna dry up and you're gonna
realize that you have to change and I
hope that you realize that sooner than
later because you're getting to an age
where it's gonna get too late dude our
father passed away from cirrhosis I
don't want you to pass away from the
same thing I mean that truthfully even
though I can't be a part of your journey
anymore because I'm tired of being
attacked by you I don't want that to
happen to you now that that was a quick
painful death and I don't want that to
be what happens to you so if you're
gonna learn from anything learn for what
happened to dad take that into
consideration
guys we're getting out of here some ago
that was a lot you need to hear that
yeah people will send it to him he needs
to hear I don't hate my brother I'm just
done trying to like impress him I just
can't do it anymore
anything you want to say guys click like
if you want to see a full body shot what
what click like if you want to see my
full footage side guys I'm freaking to
you don't say that about ok click the
like button if you want to see a full
body shot or bridge it you guys have
been like clamoring for it and clueless
she don't want to hide it so no I'm not
gonna hide it there's no reason to hide
it smack the white right smack the like
button haters you don't got power over
this
you
