what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here
visualize yeah right there and today
this is my moment
that's right all right all right today
is Monday and today I'm getting my Harry
Potter and the cursed child booked out
of a waiting for for months and months
and mom's grandpa ordered me one for my
birthday I ordered myself one before he
got me one for my birthday I'm getting
like three copies of Harry Potter the
cursed child today and I'm excited
everybody else aren't got their Harry
Potter the other day I haven't gotten
mine yet cuz I didn't go to any midnight
releases but you know I can wait a
couple of days I've been like shaking
because I want to put want to read it
but we're gonna do it I'm gonna get it
today I'm gonna read it all day I don't
know what this vlog is gonna be cuz I'm
gonna be reading all day but we'll
figure something out I really hope you
get it today so I could play Witcher
all day I don't give a fuck what you do
I'll be reading it something it's only
like 300 pages I'm not asking it took me
all day to read it but anyway that's
today getting Harry Potter in the cursed
child I'm excited anyway forget all this
tired of the intro I'm getting ready for
my day Harry Potter style oh yeah I got
some tricks up my sleeve Harry Potter
style do I want to do the movie
lightning bolt or the book lightning
bolt well you are getting a bug
the movie is here the book is here fuck
book lightning bolt yes this is crazy
I'm I don't doing it right you want to
drop lightning ball on my head let me
show you what's just to look like okay
yeah I got food advertisement the
bathroom when I don't look right hey yes
I am dedicated you guys to Harry Potter
get it I'm sorry you can come off
shuttle bit it drys is hard to come off
so you might want
try fuck I'm sorry
alright this time I'll do it for real
just do it listen Bridget I'm fucked
before you touch my head with that
marker I will do it you do it right this
time or illusion be hella bruh okay okay
Hardison what are you done what can I
trust you
Gilly oh sorry
try try some soap again this time I'll
do it right you me I got it I can't let
it up look I promise I'll do it this
time
come on let me do it I'll do it okay all
right let's do this
it's fine okay I look like a fucking
worship Satan it's fine this is what it
is now this is my you ruin our day what
the hell's it all in this cuz I don't
know how to put it one of these HiPower
plain carbs put those aside
why are you filming this because it's
cute five minutes worth of our sweaters
there we go getting hairy part out here
I don't think people realize how big of
a Harry Potter fan I am you won't learn
today I'm waiting to wear this for the
day Harry Potter gets released you
promised you want to make fun of me I'm
not you're cute you wish you had
something you loved as much as Harry
Potter Harry Potter
I love Witcher not as much as a little
Harry Potter you don't know that the
fuck that's a pocket need help
oh we can also got lost in the moment I
like to swing the wand a oh my okay hold
this let me help you
other hand baby alright
here we go there you go stop sorry this
is not being funny cute I'm a Harry
Potter fan stopped it I can tell it's
adorable baby what you're cute
why just need to be filmed
cuz it's adorable I need to tweet a
picture before Harry Potter day okay
yeah expelliarmus
stop oh that's a cute one
hey stop you're adorable your phone can
fucking do we do canteen picture it's
fucking phone fucking case forget it
dude it ain't here it'll be okay
oh got here I just went check the mail
and we had mail and we didn't have my
Harry Potter book
it's okay yeah Bella's sad for you too
yeah her crying in there she really
wants to read Harry Potter books with
you they'll be here don't worry it's not
he is not coming it is don't be cynical
we'll get here what do you want from me
now we just have taking this out on me
I'm not I'm just sitting here mm-hmm
what do you expect me to do nothing
asshole it's not my fault
I want my book well you know that's not
my problem
I've been waiting for months you don't
have to be so freaking mean okay just
get the camera out of my face
hey I'm freaking out here I thought it
was getting it today you're still Mike
Michael it is early in the day still you
might get it around 8:00 or something
don't say it well because I'm being
pampered by Bridget right now because
she owes me pampering from a bet she
lost
I want my pampering served with her
eating Bertie Botts every flavour beans
from Harry Potter today that
that's right Bridget he's eating Bertie
Botts every flavor beans to pamper me
you've got to now if you don't know
official though why cuz it's Harry
Potter day you should use some of those
beans too no just you see I want Bridget
be tortured you see Lucy you they've got
banana black pepper blueberry booger Oh
God cinnamon uh marshmallow rotten egg
vomit so Bridget this is really gross
are you ready to trace chase every
flavor bean not really here it is go for
it
eat the vomit you do it come on this is
the first place you can have to chew
chew chew to to you know to it okay here
you go
what what is that it's another one
bulgur this is the what Bridget request
chew it there's no fridge was like
please don't make me eat burger now
follow me with those sausage quick no no
the cameras over eating breathing booger
sausage happy Harry Potter day this is
the absolute worst National girlfriends
day ever
well today is national girlfriend's day
and you're making it all about you
natural over a day is nothing yeah it is
google it August first your phone here
hey Siri bitch when it's national
girlfriend day there's no need for that
fuck you bitch after all I've done for
you
Wims national girlfriend day okay give
me a moment here's what I found on the
web for when is national girlfriend Kay
it's national girlfriend's day today yes
and you treat me like crap over Harry
Potter
i'ma treating you like crap I'm
depressed I don't appreciate this so I
think for national girlfriend say I want
you to eat some jellybeans know my whole
Harry Potter is ruined
Michael it's national girlfriend's day I
don't know what Harry Potter day it oh
my gosh wait at least give me a kiss
babe it's that's alright oh you don't
know I've really thought I'd be reading
it by now my OCD is kicking in what give
me a kiss
sorry so I've been waiting all day I'm
like on the vert honest to god a few
minutes ago is gonna cry
come on and don't embarrass I know
yeah I'm humiliated it's worth quick no
stop I loves that worth crying about but
I'm gonna I really wanted to read this
book today
Barnes nope really shafted me you know
what you're gonna get it it's so early
like I said bars numb use don't give a
fuck
it's not your girlfriend's day that's
all I quit sessional boyfriend day
that's my question
October what I do you know these things
babe okay no it's obviously not coming
it will this is bull everybody else are
you ready
oh my guess
hey Barnes and Noble where's my fuckin
book babe Oh get here where is my book I
don't know you're gonna yell at me about
no yo Jim yellow Barnes & Noble
fuck you why did my sorry up shall I
call them Oh were they gonna do la digue
ah fuck Michael maybe think that markers
get into your head no I thought this day
was the day I waited so long babe it's
so early
Oh probably get here around I don't know
for its 3:30 oh okay
oh no the Mail's already come so it's
probably ups or something we're fed
Eric's I hope did you choose overnight
shipping no what what what are you two
going waiting for any kind of knock or
anything
damn icon notification hey I got a
notification it's not going to get here
until Thursday stop I just avoid I
didn't get a notification I don't know
what their problem is when you say
you're gonna deliver a book on Monday
your time babe are you crying bye
Bridget you want the laws you want life
that's what you got ru crunk Michael
what
yeah
got a fucking Harry Potter frappe oh
shut up
you'll get your damn book coming a baby
let's look at it for today it might
still come up does it isn't I stay in it
it's seven o'clock so my head fucking
kills good so laughing at me I'm sorry I
mean I'm not taking it out on you oh oh
are you okay fuck
it was a kiss babe I'm sorry if that
looks so brutal I don't care about that
I'm sorry for acting like a bitch over a
Harry Potter book I wasn't really
excited I accept your apology can we
please go grocery shopping now every
national government
dude how Rose would it be if you wrote
me this loving post on facebook on
national girlfriends they another
anniversary my finger kills almost
broken gosh man so it's not broke though
I can do that so all right sorry you
guys - you - I apologize YouTube I
apologize I'm a little bitch oh sorry
pickle baby don't call me that
HECO baby babe you'll get it yes I'm
just depressed with it I really expected
it by now ask him how it was our dad
edge sounds great get her to text you
the page OHS no I want to hold it in my
hands and read it myself I don't want to
free
some digital copy of the pages I
understand I understand this a sucks no
it doesn't especial girlfriends day no
especially of my Harry Potter day and
it's gone I'm sorry why are you sorry
cuz I feel bad for you I'm sorry Frank
like a baby sorry I'm embarrassed
we can't keep any of this in the vlog
I'm gonna tweet asking people if they
wanted me to post this vlog at all okay
I'm embarrassed of all the footage thank
you for keeping it well that's gonna be
it for video guys thanks for watching
was your robe I took that off a while
ago dude it's not Harry Potter day
anymore I'm sorry I expected to get the
book at some point today
and I'm sorry for whining and bitching
I'm embarrassed myself I'll probably get
it tomorrow yeah if I don't get it by
Wednesday dude I'm melting but she get
it tomorrow
help okay that's gonna be free you guys
thanks for watching kind of a shitty day
for me good day for Bridget she had to
put the winter while I was waiting from
hey I'm gonna gather here like subscribe
favorite oh one second I gotta go hey go
what okay when you're sleeping
oh just fat Oh dirty ass bitch oh here
this morning yeah is it like 10:00
put your robe off get out of my face I'm
real mad right now
that's it babe I just want to play with
your train and not watch wrestling you
give me the book I dropped it
well
I don't care who shake the pans Michael
does it - no I don't get my man okay yes
ma'am can you see that here uh sure
oh my god what did he eat
