what's going on you guys kick me out a
camera here yeah right there and today
yeah I'm wearing the same Batman sure
everyone for two days it's how I take
this off so good why does it smell like
that it does nothing yeah sounds like
you've been rolling in hay like dirty
Hey well what can I say hmm
asleep next to a barnyard animal wasted
come are you a roast dinner
speaking of roasting bridge is gonna get
roasted tonight no throwback Thursday oh
no yeah I don't know they're gonna look
at differently uh how much definitely
can they look at jazz Bridget they
fucking hate you oh shit come on man all
right maybe you're right
today we're going to tell the story on
our throwback about when Bridget went
hmm today we're going to tell our
throwback Thursday story about the time
Bridget botched or truTV interview we're
going to talk about her just social
awkwardness we're going to talk about it
all trutv answering the door I'm talking
to people on the phone you're socially
horribly awkward and we're going to talk
about it today for throwback Thursday
it's kind of like roasting this bitch if
you haven't seen the video we uploaded
yesterday angry grandpa got pranked
we did the whole dammit if you haven't
seen the video we did yesterday
angry grandpa got pranked he joined the
class of me and Charles and now him and
our little family tradition of giving
each other boxes filled with Rob it was
so awesome and no babe I'm not next who
said you were just saying if you haven't
seen the intro intro if you haven't seen
the video we uploaded yesterday we prank
grandpa
fuck what the answer I can't go it what
I'm not creative enough to do in some
goddamn KITT Michael stop
yesterday we pranked how did it feel to
be laughed at because I am so laughing
at your ass
I will be laughing at your ass with the
truTV shit stop it
can we do the intro nah we're not gonna
do it yes it's shhh hey bitch do I gotta
put on a fucking smile stop it if you
didn't see then if you didn't see the
video we did gesturing a prank grandpa I
gave him a box filled with rocks it's
the family prank he got it list off the
day so I'm hoping that somebody can help
me out here so I've been eating corn
pops well corn bursts there's a bunny
it's just like they don't even try it
corn pops pop a burst horn bursts
corn explosions oh my god I wish you'd
have gone cornholes corn holes
now I'm hoping I could get some sort of
explanation as to why corn pops give me
sour something Oh what why not you corn
pop I'm gonna give it for a second my
burps really stink
oh I don't want to know this I'm hoping
somebody can tell me why winshuttle do
corn first give you sour stomach
Anquan pop so let's demonstrate it uh
smell it Bridget this is a science
experiment
all right it's gone so we need to do the
science experiment you can tell me what
it smells like
now I'm worried what if it's something
like something bad but some Union damn
what if that's not it could you please
Mel it know what get mad I'm getting mad
what do you what are you ready get out
of it what do I get out of it if you
smell it what do you want
I want you to clean for the next two
years
oh my god I won't do it anymore I'm
sorry I'm tall the camera thank you
sorry oh god II bastard have a oh you
can help me out what is the smell like
it smells like goddamn shit take a
prilosec bitch
Oh God you see this she's trying to a
monster she's furious she is right now
what is this it's water what you drink
it what you this goes in toilets and
goes on my skin supposed to drink that
yeah be a real pal and give me a dr.
pepper oh my god your fan
Bridget you don't drink toilet water
babe it's not okay take it okay get a
good laugh at me pickle juice toilet
water
great the best tasting toilet water ever
my god you got to drink will it increase
but I know you know I know
my god we pee in that are you sure that
oh well you guys got me drinking water
chug chug chug chug know what no so I
want to show you guys the first example
of Bridget's social awkwardness so we're
gonna do a little scenario a skit and
this is hundred percent accurate
haha Bridget's gonna play a pizza man ha
she's gonna knock on the door and I'm
gonna answer his Bridget Pizza
hang on one second sir yes sir oh that
made it happen that's nice yeah than
happen the first time we order pizza at
this house yes sir
I'm going to talk to her at her Dame
Bridget yeah okay liar
Bridget now this is what dad on what
happened now one time we wrote her pizza
and I thought I had enough time to take
a shower
I didn't the pizza came well I was gonna
shower Bridget had no choice but to deal
with it she told me about it afterwards
this is what happened Pizza Pizza Pizza
my god so that was the sketch I wanted
to do it
that's how Bridget acts when she answers
the door for anybody for no reason no
just pizza and I just have to clarify I
dropped a pizza twice it was like who
does that the first time I ordered pizza
and I dropped it and then that time and
who else in history drops the pizza when
I get twice it says that wasn't my fear
and I figured I wouldn't happened to me
but it did it happened or twice that's
bad maybe that's why it's happening to
you I won't ever do it again so she
doesn't answer the door anymore my cook
at the door no I don't answer the door
didn't really run up the stairs like
that that didn't happen but she did drop
the door and then she was looking out
the windows and shit I had to go it was
crazy
you know I you're making me sound like a
psychopath it is not just pizza you've
done it for freaking package deliveries
No
oh they uh how about the time that they
fucking had to ask you to sign and I had
to say I was Bridget I'm Bridget I
signed because she wouldn't sign for her
own pet that's how she is okay maybe I
have a trust issue I don't know so we're
gonna tell you guys a story about
Bridget social awkwardness more this
time being the time she blew it for us
to be on truTV she totally blew it man
we were gonna be on truTV they wanted to
use the video work she lights
firecrackers on me in the shower they
loved it they came over they hooked me
up to the mic they said everything up my
interview went fucking grapes the guy
isn't a good booed he's like wow this
guy's mr. soundbite I like him oh man
he's talking to his daughter oh we're
gonna have us a good interview today you
guys oh wow I can't wait to see this one
air and then Bridget sits down yeah
should I sit down for this cuz you were
yes let's find a chair okay so the idea
first when you're doing an interview is
you look off to the side but I'm not
going to do that I'll try
so anyway Bridget is talking to this guy
and the first thing he says
okay what is your name and how do you
spell it which should be a no-brainer
what is your name Michael Greene how do
you spell it in my CH AE l gr een miss
West what is your name and how do you
spell it
oh and then of course the guys by the
camera okay let's do it again let's just
get you to spell you say your name and
spell it out
Bridget spell your name
PID GT te w e t it was it not how it
went
yes and so the guys already like okay
let's just get into the first question
so tell me about the video what did you
do now all she has to do was say what
she did
I took firecrackers I lit them on fire
what did you do um I took the
firecrackers oh my god don't want to
start over
it's hard what let's start this over
okay no problem uh what about the
firecrackers I lit the firecrackers so
I'm gonna spare you guys about fifteen
what else do they want to hear I lit the
fucking fire crotch you want to hear you
fuckin be good if they're gonna so I
left that bitch so they're gonna air
this interview I look like it's not
gonna air on TV so I'm like okay let me
spare you guys ten minutes guys I take
Richard of the backward and we're
talking oh my god now I better stand up
for this cuz you were standing at
freaking out so I'm trying to talk to
Bridget in the back room
listen Bridget all you got to do is say
what happened okay that's it it's not
that hard all you got to do is talk and
then Bridget starts crying hysterically
fuck that fucking guy I wanna fucking
leave I fucking hate this shit as we're
walking back into the road yeah ask me a
second I go oh shit Mike bridges still
had her microphone on so they heard
every damn word we've set in that back
room we walk back in there you didn't
talk shit about the check you did too
you said her food was brought okay why I
did that look good really good
stop Bridget was like fucking Gabby I
was like fuck that right tooth bitch
gonna care so Keith arrived and they
heard it all so we talk shit about the
truTV people they heard it hey maybe it
wasn't me I mean it was the oh come on
we were just mad about that mine wasn't
the only thing and by the way this isn't
the only time we piss off those same
people from to TV oh my god that's
another story click like if you want to
hear it this involves grandpa they came
to the trailer diner with us yeah that
they have an interview descent but
anyway so Bridget sits back down they
try to do it again she fails we got it
they packed the shit they get out of
there about two weeks later I get a call
true TV says they can't air the
interview because it's violence with
firecrackers and they wish us luck and
we haven't heard from him since
now here's the problem the episode we
were gonna be on was filled with
fireworks it was a firework episode I
lied lyin motherfuckers hahaha Bridgette
blew it you blew it - I feel like okay
this is gonna require a little bit of
acting on your part which as we've
learned do that either
we've learned you're horrible at but you
need to look like you're being roasted
like on fire I want how many people
gonna like put your head in like a pan
with like potatoes and stuff in the
first click like you're like a pot roast
anyway
fakes oh my god you're horrible
alright how would I be if I'm being
roasted you're screaming live I'm making
look at your heads on fire aah
oh you guys that good
I want you crying and screaming not
laughing it's hard I'm bad if you don't
give me a good scream I have to pinch
you so we're gonna do this all night
that's so bad go I'm adding like
crackling fire do I do I look angry I
want you to look angry you're on fire
okay forget it
well that's gonna be it for today you
guys thanks for watching Brij got
roasted today not been my day so I can't
act and I can't speak to strangers
that's gonna be it for today guys thanks
for watching pretty good day hey you
know what I get packages and stuff and I
signed for those that's a lie you do not
do you do not when you see people in
public you oh my god no hello no she
doesn't she's just got some sort of
social awkwardness meanwhile I'm a
butterfly whatever ha
like a butterfly I'm gonna fly away from
you nobody got here thanks for watching
pretty good day Bridget got roasted told
some good stories like I said that's not
even the first time we fucked with those
same truTV people with the same shit
with the same jokes dad said to check
out a rod tooth before - oh sin his mic
was ok click like if you want to hear
that
it's a crazy it's crazy as fuck dude
anyway I'm gonna get out of here thanks
for watching like subscribe
favorite fun everything visualize she
otros whatever you're in table having
things the wrong side
hey you cut phone I just got you in fear
I'm not happy
