what's going on you guys kick me out of
the camera here
frizzy yeah right there and today is
Wednesday and today why just to reach
for the camera I was turning it she was
like yeah trying it fast enough me Wow
sorry I'm just wow I'm excited me too
okay I'm more excited on this main
sights and this me I'm this Mia Christ
all the camera honey both hands to show
fits my level except now my turn
no no I'm you're not telling me at all
on this be excite
that's a lot of excites is my turn
all right today is Wednesday and today
I'm this many excites can I talk your
labs is just obnoxious am I talking
alright I'm this many excite because
we're pranking angry grandpa today oh my
gosh did I am so excited she's big sigh
she's very very this mini is you've
already done that by the time you've
seen this blog you would have already
seen the video we pranked angry grandpa
I haven't done it in a long time he'll
break in the box trick I am so excited
oh my gosh if you hadn't seen the video
we did before which I imagine you have
dad gave me a brick in a ps4 box that
was very sad and so I decided to return
the favor and I got a little break I
didn't like it
I've switched it out for rocks today
grandpa's getting a box of rocks what do
you say we get this prank on oh yeah
skip is going rock style grandpa we will
rock you
well I'm starting the wrapping process
though grandpa's phone I'm gonna take
the box else he can see inside it real
quick of course by now you already seen
the probably just felt bad and we really
wanted to
they varnishing the video by now oh so
yeah oh you know what rocks and not just
rocks rocks from his driveway Oh
oh my gosh yeah last time we were there
I collected some rocks without him
noticing
so dad hope you like your new phone I
think he'll really like it oh yeah
giving rocks and boxes a family
tradition damn it nothing tape can't fix
yeah I know the fuck you want me to do
it so you don't fuck it up even more
house here Bop
oh my gosh guys I love when Michael
wraps presents
it's so cute okay it's not cute it's
adorable show everyone your wrapping
skills that's though I'm gonna kill this
bitch in hot body I think I'm so sweet
you're gonna do that
oh my god it's so funny
oh you're so cute oh this sucks man is
so adorable
then a rap good is my notes bullshit
nah he knows you can't rap perfect come
over sucks just tape the bottom so
doesn't I couldn't do it so I have
bridget fixing it all right baby I'll
hold so I don't you just wrap it up
because I feel like that'd be easier way
already better last well last month
angry grandpa destroyed his Samsung
Galaxy whatever because for some reason
he thought it was indestructible when it
wasn't so since then he's been using
here we are a month later and I still
haven't gotten grandpa replacement phone
and last week he destroyed mine by
playing pokemons go so I think it's time
we got him another phone about a month
ago angry grandpa destroyed his phone
now I got that sounded like shit anyway
yeah ill ill that's a new it ain't it's
too dark in here hang on why I told you
at the light and you said it was fun
shut up so I was right turn on that well
about a month ago angry grandpa has some
soup Fe well well about a month ago
oh shit though I'm sending on a dog bad
and my shoes only halfway on my feet oh
my god on me about a month ago
angry grandfather's night off yeah
get this a button no get this to know
about a month ago angry grandpa
destroyed his samsung fucking galaxy but
are you serious I don't know what to say
all right I need cue cards or something
let's think about this about a month ago
I just say what happened look about a
month ago grandpa destroyed his phone
cuz he's dumb and I got him another one
enjoy you like that one there we go
yah oh oh no ya banana leave what no we
need your potassium you eat that banana
Jesus crying how to see who won would
you leave I got something for you I've
seen do you honey - bye Joel God so
meaning that you know I should just take
it back
I think well sure I got something for
you hey no you don't got nothing you
want to yell at me I'm sorry
you run I think I'm gonna keep it yeah
I'm gonna go home with Monday oh god why
not open it why I want to tell you the
line chill out okay so a month ago you
know this movie was not a bad bone I'm
glad you're back this was not a bad bone
no name is it look good bump was wrong
okay and Italy I ordered a box off eBay
what I needed a box so you making
furniture pranking with it it's $15 get
out of here I told y'all
the picture just enjoy the spare I mean
it is what spirit as fear doesn't work
fortune oh it worked all week
Paris fairways in the spare phone that
you freakin he says are you to hear all
this no that's fair phone big Abel yeah
he says we got
in water or something oh did it yeah you
know your pool you know it what did it
work good that it's not waterproof as
iPhone what you might even know it's
Exide you caught my leaving I do yeah
here man I need to interrupt your lunch
I know how much you wanted that fucking
banana have ad please don't throw stuff
out on why are you walking back and
forth you that pissed
get out
what are you gonna do with a banana say
that goddamn cereal was a fun I mean I
do it - it's actually pretty good
it's just way said it banana good cereal
where's your broom my god no he can do
it oh how are you Danny - me oh he wants
us to leave so let's just leave yeah
good out here I'm gonna sweep up the
rock yeah yeah yeah oh yeah you know
where I got those rocks right yeah I got
a new body rock song yeah there's a
patch in your driveway now yo rubba
originally it was a like a little hunk
of brick but I was like how much funnier
would it be if I'm giving dad rocks
rumors on driveway funny with the bike
yeah yes really all that energy you got
you there
I can't believe that that was actually
gonna be your fourth fucking phone you
need a phone oh I got one now so I go oh
well it was actually $7 was ten while
we're here to say which
that's my son Jesus Christ dad you might
wear to WebKit which have you been
swimming and your business I'm on the
pool so you get some exercise
yeah get out of here
go are you
please wait you ready babe yeah I'm
right here go thank you
we'll get the Penta what pad thai that
bad guy though the bedrock what is that
it's a UH you never had bad guy bad guy
yo a budget I'll take some you it you
better come forward we out the other
type a Thai and basil sauce Thai red
berry on a pad thai gave me sweet and
said maybe you've done why you shaking
111 drop you a big balls block alright
mark wasn't get the 111 my sweet sour
chicken
how about no yoginah alright whoa that's
between you and him then subscribe name
off of this what do you want
I don't know you have the upside when it
gone so I gotta leave for your third you
have a spurt planting well if you would
shove that thing up it all the time
would you not getting out your waist
ones for your ass this of the banana
then we've been humor buddy give you
some Chinese we just like a good woman
plantain guy yeah you mobile Plantinga
so you did you saw what I ordered would
you just draw out her picture off the
wall and a phone I brought them and will
fall a buck rocks
hey I need a phone you need a book
American desert dust paint or how much
muscle picks up my ass I'm uncle dying
to you you are here uses box and food on
the goddamn you need my damn good I'll
just getting the lid out of it just give
a little bit borough and you can't wait
I'm sorry you know what I'm gonna do
it's right down the point job okay you
know what I'm gonna do when I leave I'm
calling the Chinese placing cancelling
the order
ah as we wait for our where my charlie
oh I what does that mean you could
nabbed it I know you did it and what
you'll do what you'll find out where I
can
that was my big scheme danyoung you need
why you down there your brothers calling
it you know why you go to bad one way to
the other you and so you understood
these big boxes into a pan no I don't
even think you should clean it honestly
I would anybody kill you here you could
just leave would not do that
Sierra them do the best I can
I love and avoid one should we don't you
gotta come back to the Riddick dumbass
okay
don't be brood here's no I'm not dat boy
oh yeah you know what happy yeah there
you go
I'm going to Chinese le boxes all we
should go I mean pad thai with beef
sticks are we believe the we're gonna
call it in damn
cancel the shitter what Evers off the
fuckin Easter damn I'm not gonna say an
autopen pumpkin I lied about good puppy
damn food jo naam motherfucking Gators
ready yeah please don't cancel the order
me I'm not gonna cancel the order
yo you cancel my part of it I'm not
gonna do anything
get an ID s gone up but he's gonna come
to our house with a that thing that will
you know really yeah I got it now
before I get out of here yes or no doing
it Chinese no sorry Michael
Bobby no you don't I'll order you to
give me your ad bed liner hit me
you know dad just hit me that no ready
yeah they just get out of this yeah we
get our own Chinese I'm sure glad we get
a thumbnail dad come on
ready God ah goodbye Michael
goodbye shit but oh I don't get it I
don't think so
no I always try to film cly when he lets
himself hey Bella
that's how to eat man Clyde always lets
himself out to use the bathroom I tried
to get it I don't like the wait on us
well we're back home I think it went
pretty well
what about is what I expect you know dad
threw the rocks against the wall he
broke a frickin picture he broke the
glass I think about the picture now or
you know I didn't think he would throw
the rocks either honestly I've kind of
figured he would like sling the rock
yeah I thought maybe he would just be
mad or he thought about the wall and
then he had this like hammer and we got
him another phone we actually did get
him a phone and he bashed the fuck out
of that yeah it went about about what I
expected well look maybe he could put
that spare that was quote I don't know
water damaged he could put Andreas I
think he did hey I think he just fucking
dumped it in his pool he's really just
saying I really didn't even dunk it in
the pool it's probably fine he probably
just really wants expensive phone you
think yeah I do kind of think that he
wants new stuff you know well he's not
giving it dad you're not getting it hope
you like the prank I got more planned oh
yeah yeah I got more pranks playing
folks it's time to get his ass oh my god
what I was just watching the dogs in the
distance they are so cute help me
instead of that
oh gosh guys running oh he's so cute I'm
just gonna look out here you don't tell
me no one oh I get it
I'll only be cute if I start running you
are cute you trying to get me to lose
weight
nope so I'm gonna try to do this scene
as well as I can before the camera
completely fogs up so I was thinking
what I want to do going forward
you know another video that I want to do
and I really want to do another hate
comment video I really like really I
love those so first and I may have asked
you guys a couple of weeks ago but I
don't remember click like if you want us
to do another hate comment video excuse
me gonna wipe off the lens if you guys
do want to see another hate comment
video click like and follow my vlog over
the next couple of weeks the next week
the next two weeks and I'm going to let
you guys know what the hashtag is going
to be hopefully you guys use it please
use it let's use the hashtag let's use
it
let's use let's get some hate comments
coming in Franco grandpa he got pissed
last time I want am angry here let's do
this hate comment hopefully you guys
want to see it whoa hey you know that
was not very obnoxious yeah but well
that's gonna be a fun day you guys
thanks for watching
pretty good day we successfully pranked
angry oh my gosh it was so fun and so
worth it if you haven't seen the video
check out the link below it's also gonna
be at the end of the vlog the little
cutscene check it out we pranked anger
grandpa oh yeah got him a new phone it
was filled with rocks and you got him a
cheap little $10 phone and he smashed it
with whatever that thing is that he uses
it was awesome good day it was a great
day great day we're gonna burp ready
I can't burp in your face without
getting like oh look oh you put that's
gonna be it for today guys thanks for
watching click like if you want that
hate comments video we're gonna get on
it pretty soon oh my gosh I'm so excited
for this - he gets so mad guys oh my god
like subscribe favorite why am i holding
my thumb that's like bizarre wait do I
always do that as I knew oh that's what
you do yeah why is he doing this like
don't make fun of me like
subscribe favorite some on everything
for to us that's it and that's it guys I
love you you needed a phone yeah you
gotta get home don't cut your hand I'll
be getting it oh oh
come away
