what's going on you guys keep you out of
camera here because here right there
today yeah we're watching Breaking Bad
all day nope no Smackdown live is
tonight we're watching that tonight at
eight o'clock we can watch Breaking Bad
all day well I gotta play my video game
I can play my video game if you didn't
see the vlog we put up yesterday
Bridget humiliated me oh my gosh guys it
was so funny I don't want to ruin the
surprise if you haven't seen it check
out the link below she humiliated me
there were people looking oh my god you
guys and everyone click like for what to
do it more
oh no please why did you do that to me
that's right I tell it but I told
everybody to click like if you want to
keep doing more stuff like that and they
want to see it beginning a kiss I won't
do that oh the lime doing that liar
ah hey show everybody my shirt hailey is
worth at the crest dink or shirt this is
my instinct face anyway today is Tuesday
and today we're watching Breaking Bad
we're just gonna play a video game good
nightmare and that's it that's the whole
day what's gonna start it ok this is
really hard for me to do it's a little
embarrassing for me to admit never
thought I'd have to admit this Bridget
you don't have to tell them I gotta tell
everybody I spoke out I spoke against it
for so long I was an advocate for not
doing this for so long and now I'm doing
it and I got it I gotta come clean
please don't I don't anyone to know
ladies and gentlemen uh money hi my name
is Michael and I'm an addict
it's a pokeymon go I'm addicted to
Pokemon go sorry I didn't think this
what happened I'm addicted to you know
we're two addicts we should go kept some
I just go out and walk the streets for
that next score yeah I can't help it
I really didn't honest to God I did not
think I would be addicted to this game I
hated it when I played it and now I'm
worse though
give me your work I do it in my car what
I haven't seen that well you're the one
catching on my car okay as I'm the only
guy catch from Bridget Oh talk more my
guest Phoebe's what's IKEA what else do
you catch gonorrhea I never had that
chlamydia
never had that herpes never had that
yeah you didn't tell anybody you had
that it's a job Janice our rumors of
writing include that in the blog people
gonna probably not
look I can't chlamydia I can I'm joking
you know the truth is though I actually
caught some liver Michael I don't like
jokes like this it was calling you Tia
hi oh you had a UTI yeah admitting it
right here that you had a UTI yeah it's
very common he gave it to me asshole now
you gotta from sleeping on that mattress
basically let's be honest Bridget got it
because she's nasty and ice is caught
thirty day to see what any guy a friend
who calls a dirty dick disease who calls
it very good guys and obviously know I'm
gonna cover if you try to say I gave you
dirty dick disease I'm kidding up I
never even got a UTI from you yeah you
got it from someone else I never got one
I can smell the UTI I mean I UTI she's
going from you dirty dick stop sailing
on dirt okay okay everybody it's time
let's go catch some pokemons go she has
a UTI
singing stop person what Kim what is
that thing the pokey stop how'd it go -
it just click of it your car truck looks
is probably stop it oh god what is it
with Kim hello ah hey what is okay I
know this is bridges phone but why do
you keep calling we're playing Pokemon
go right but a bitch button you like
nineteen times so that should give you
the hint this is what you did to dad
this is why my phone broke
cuz you kept calling dad but why do you
call so many times what if like I'm in
the middle of a business meeting and
like I'm very sorry president of Pepsi
Cola but my sister keep it I'm so sorry
mr. Obama Brigitte won't our Jennifer
Kim I'll um in collegiate refer God
brings your phone is so low and shitty
no it isn't
okay I'm plant I'm hanging up on camera
no time for this yes caught whatever
this thing is I lose like a bug a real
clog he
got a fucking pokeball my guys right we
better catch something because it is so
cool whoa ketchup are you Michael if you
don't catch it I'm going to break up
with you I'm trying there's a cop I'm
like you know I'm not looking
don't look
how you doing officer I'm just gonna do
Walker
hey good I'm Curtin we can play men yeah
then I'll unblock you we're trying to
play pokemon go Kim I left my house to
catch pokemon you realize I am 20
minutes from home in a parking lot
ma called you rejected don't call back
again ever
me I'm joking it's my sister obviously I
wanted to call back eventually
yeah just not this month well you know
what a good thing it's like what the 26
oh hey if I act now I'll take a week I
only have like a few more days until the
first of all get you up there sounds
good hung up on her Jesus Christ what is
this big fig oh my gosh looks like a
freaking animal oh it is
I hope y'all
he did oh my gosh you know my good this
has literally never happened to me only
happens to you yeah because I'm catching
real ones you're catching little pieces
of shit like digi you know what make a
little favor another gasps oh God Jim
she wants on college or whatever
Breaking Bad is no show talking about
how you said personally that the wire
was right behind that NBC show that got
canceled called The Slap no it sounds
like you're breaking up bad cuz
obviously Breaking Bad is it's although
she has a good you don't make any sense
right your phone launcher
what kind of phone to you guys sounds
like there's something wrong with the
wire give it up I already said that you
just took my dick I'm hanging up while
you for stealing my shit we're playing
Pokemon go
like Oh is there anything out here why
does my god
come on let's drive and do that you're
not wearing any shoes
alright do you really want to do that do
you really want to risk it for Pokemon
you want do you remember when you were
what 13 12 yes Kim Kim you're draining
my battery we need to play poker
oh the jokes gone Kim the wire is not
better than the Breaking Bad I'm hanging
up on it for saying it I don't want to
do the back and forth anymore this
whimsical shit I just want to catch
pokemon fuck you fuck the wire guys you
filming yeah this is my reflection spot
every time like I need to stare off into
the distance I'm here Oh Bridget I
didn't hear you come well we're done
playing Pokemon I'm not done I'm done
smack down thought I just make a photon
by the way we were joking nobody gave
each other into UTIs if I hey if I've
had a UTI then I think it's treated for
no babe I give you a Karen berry pill
every day well and that prevents though
what are you saying is that's the only
reason I don't got one cuz I have a
dirty day well like I've never had one
and I blame the cranberries so you're
saying if you didn't take Ukraine repre
you would have won because I because of
my dirty day hey this shots too short
for me I just kidding baby have it
beautiful oh god no no uncover this shit
she's filthy she's got a poop mouth
alright you know what
look neither of us have UTIs okay
my campaigns to cranberry pills man it's
not why it's cuz we're just not filthy
people maybe this cranberry pill ha ha
maybe I'm checking the freezer for
something to eat holy shit that freaking
frozen pizza that I got is still in here
when can I get this was this for my
birthday I want to be so edible I wonder
if you could eat a frozen pizza like a
month and a half later if it's been
frozen but I don't know I'm gonna Google
that so people have been asking me do I
still have a freezer full of my kids and
so here you go I have like every
possible combination of flavors of
freaking hot pot because I know it's the
last thing that I need but it's the
first thing that I want
oh you don't sitting here thinking and I
am curious if I should watch the wire
what happened there is Kim called me and
we didn't record the whole conversation
I don't know why I'm doing this we
didn't record the whole conversation but
Kim is trying to tell me that the wire
is better than Breaking Bad and I say
Breaking Bad is better than the wire but
I've never seen the wire I watched the
first season of The Wire and it wasn't I
liked it but I didn't love it so I
didn't watch any further seasons so let
me know in the comments if I should
check out the wire what do you think
what do you think is better
Breaking Bad or the wire I'm curious to
know what other people think tweet me in
case I don't read all the comments tweet
me and what do you guys think what's
better Breaking Bad or the wire ok so
now you can tell me whatever you want
the cars stopped I'm not a dick oh I'm
still addicted to Pokemon go but I'm not
playing you can tell me anything
your little heart desires thank you we
got big news we got new additions to our
family you're pregnant
Oh
god I thought you're having another kid
okay you guys okay
we catch you bought two cats yeah well
we originally just went to the shelter
to get mom one and what happened mom is
not picking one that was in a cage and
it was a brother and a sister and kind
of try and leave one of them there so we
come up so mom's got a cat what is it
what is the name Penny Lane is in mom's
house and on her couch Penny Lane is
walking around Mama's house now shitting
on the floor and eating food that's cool
all right Kim is better than mine I got
to think of something better I know
right um Penny Lane is like lost him
double come on well that's gonna be it
for today you guys thanks for watching
played some Pokemon go hey guys I kind
of wanna like play right now oh you're
that addicted yeah uh I watch Breaking
Bad smackdowns over with I had a good
time we feel played Pokemon go Bella why
did you do that that was not your food
anyway that's gonna be it for today you
guys thanks for watching had a pretty
good day Kim don't don't call our plant
Pokemon go it's fine don't do that don't
do that don't you might want you to but
don't yeah I don't know what it is it's
like she doesn't talk to us all day and
then Pokemon go stars boom she calls I
know what the hell I'm gonna get out of
here thanks for watching you guys
smack a like button if you enjoyed the
vlog and if you didn't enjoy the vlog
smack the like button i stoled up and
kim hey forget she stole my breaking bad
joke I steal her outro
thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe favorite it's all about
everything for to us and that said and
if you didn't like subscribe follow
meant everything
one sec imma give you guys a gift here
Mel I did it
no you gotta get your pampers
I am pampering to you okay it's not what
I'm memorizing on you pamper well you
never specified so I just can't furred
you think Michael some of this Michael
you need your bath paste
there's people come
