what's going on you guys get me any
camera here good show us here today's
Monday okay I wasn't I wasn't feeling
that I wasn't feeling well how would you
I wasn't either like oh oh that's a new
yeah okay um what's going on you guys
know that was oh wait does way over the
top what is going on you guys give me
out a camera here your ass missus shit
mine was over-the-top and wacky yours
just obnoxious and abhorrent there's no
bridges good thanks Clyde what's going
on you guys keep you out a camera here
right there and today I won't let you do
it today I'm playing I'm dead nightmare
and what day of the week is it
today's Monday
how you been playing that much video
games my wife July 25th shit
Oh Mike at 350 2 p.m. yeah it's 4
o'clock they don't need they don't care
about that today is Monday today we're
not doing nothing if you didn't see the
blog we put up yesterday for it to scare
me and I shit my pants
oh my god dude that was good you're
still wearing the pan these are they
were washed ok oh no no me no how about
this no no pressure
oh you know why they're not gonna know
that you're gonna bleed you weren't
washed you wanna know why
hi cuz of those they weren't lava images
these were these warms you get Brad
state of your ass
but you know I don't piece were washed
stop this Oh guys I think you do need a
first time Bridget that's we will hang
aren't they
yes and I agree with the huh you know
wallet yes I shitting these okay
and you've done nothing what and these
were washed I washed it myself don't
film inside them and don't hold him
upside down for some weird and
explainable strange reason Bridgette
decided she wanted to shave her face
again yesterday it was coming back she
says that her beard was coming back it
was so her biggest fear about shaving in
the first place was she didn't want her
face to break out well that's exactly
what just happened I'll show them where
of course we're showing this is all
about now you might have even seen it in
the vlog yesterday I don't know but
either way let's get up close and
personal with this face No okay if you
look right here you can barely see it
where's that hurt Jesus Christ bridge my
face feels like it's on fire why did you
shave again because if they just do it
every week no that's men you didn't need
it seriously it looks like you fell
face-first into a briar bush no Saul
briars I don't know but it feels like it
Jesus Christ looks like you tried to
have sex with Edward Scissorhands no I
gotta come on more come on boy looks
like you went out on a date with Freddy
Krueger so right now Bridget and I are
having a disagreement Michael I'm gonna
win the bet if you want to do it I'm
going to win so you want to do a bet
yeah absolutely
okay I am so confident okay so right now
Bridge and I are watching Breaking Bad
we're on season 2 episode 12 and Bridget
seems to think that Jesse and by the way
these are spoiler alerts for those of
you who have yet to see Breaking Bad for
some reason I'm going to spoil a big
part so don't watch it she seems to
think that season 3 of Breaking Bad is
when Jesse's girlfriend Jane overdoses
it is I'm telling her it's this season
see episode 1 I'm telling you it's this
scene on this episode nope
okay so we're making a bet yep all right
you can name your price I will agree to
literally you can say I have to chop
both hands off and tape knives in the
wounds as my new lens I choose that I
choose that I take it because I know I'm
right
to be clear you're actually choosing for
me to cut off my hands and replace them
with knives my god I'm not gonna let you
hurt yourself then name your real price
what do you want okay if I'm right you
have to tuck me in every night for one
hour make it five hours five hours cuz I
know I'm right now okay I'm gonna throw
I'm not throwing an extra one on this
okay if I'm gonna give Bella a bath you
know you keep naming shit all you want
you can Amy gotta massage my feet that's
fine you're gonna make me add a bunch
though and do other stuff all right your
turn all right if I'm right you have to
pamper me I mean full pamper I want
fucking pampered I want whenever we go
to a restaurant for the next year I
don't got to go in because Bridget
doesn't like to go in places without me
so I don't got to go in no more and
tuck-ins only lasts for five minutes for
the next six months no I bought that
you're sure of it
fine so you'll agree to this and we're
gonna shake on camera shake okay here we
go
I'm just going to fast-forward to the
scene here they are sleeping in bed
together Michael what Oh what the what
happens there
now then that didn't take long
it wasn't a real handshake no no she's
not doing hugging out of it she agrees
folks I win the bet I win the bet I
don't know how you even thought it was
season three to begin with I thought of
a season three oh no I just did it was
season two wow I haven't seen in a while
well I'm sorry that doesn't mean you get
out of the bet you made the bet that's
it well so damn it that's right and I
think I want burritos tonight oh god I
hate going into mows yeah you're going
in the boys hate it
who's not doing it at least great girl
who's not going into mows this guy who
we're going into most not do that to me
I'm not going into most cut up welcome
to vows eat dining by yourself that's
going on just you and they're gonna have
my food artisans that you're getting
yourself to big burritos and puns from
side tacos maybe they're gonna think
it's all yours
No so you guys know bridget is just
socially awful oh okay I'm not that bad
you're horrible Bridget does not know
how to talk to people
so like Mo's for instance hey welcome to
Moe's hmm all right thanks I got order
your food sometimes oh that is not true
you want chicken of that no yes yes you
are social freak no I'm not
you got blessed by dating a social
butterfly that's right I'm a butterfly
too fat take off I was social butterfly
you're not a princess and any of you
guys movie fans himself if any of you
have ever met I Jess and you thought she
was a cunt oh she's just a social freak
she doesn't know how to talk to people
she's she's just
I'm Bridget all right you gotta stop
you gotta stop I go shopping like this
anyway I'm embarrassed That's not me
let's get in there and here look at the
mouse sorry actually I won't hear it
why you filming it's just hand it to me
babe just hand it to me man a troll I
need my shoes guys I was outside and he
called Sami cops he just handed to me
Shemp actually what I did I made a song
as it emerges don't worry anyway
haha rhymes and their cake man can you
kick it to me yes you did do that not
that big of a deal you want to get up
yet they just took you okay you're cute
it was very funny it's not funny all the
spaces are gone so we've had last
spaceship can you not yell I really
don't make a scene at Walmart I please
please leave
all these spaces suck
oh I'm hyperventilating Richard oh man
oh you can't leave now let's leave Mego
we got it freaking cat girl she's got a
target let me just look at Bridget
Michael please stop yelling here's your
target and then there's a wing stop I
don't care who's looking was got a
target and let's get a wink stop hormoz
you decide we saw this too awkward gyro
you got a dental care what's awkward I'm
just babe I got something
this is not how you would tell me no
this is exactly how I would tell you
this is not how you would tell me
I just babe you're pregnant
then yeah okay cool five weeks so I
figured this checking stuff earlier you
know and Bridget this is the waste of
time what I know this isn't how you
would tell me this is definitely how I
would tell you okay so if you were
pregnant you would take me to Target
take me to the baby section and really
yes your joke failed on its face no I am
it's real go no you got to get your
pampers where I'm pampering you okay
that's not what I meant when I said I
get pampered well you never specify it
so I just came for you
let's go stalking oil get mashed you
could get the hell over it you're
looking hmm please oh my god yeah I said
I think Michael needs some of this
Michael you need your bath paste there's
people coming
oh my gosh what Michael I don't feel
good oh I don't feel good I need you to
pull this off my you just don't want to
go into mouths no I got a problem going
in mode I just feel sick because of the
target
you should only learn about snow I
really hope that fill my hat
it's hot right
guess I don't know shit about that I
don't you know that's really a thing it
is oh oh I kind of like him now I right
thank you babe
thank you
I'm not thick guys you know I was just
thinking what I got nothing out of this
bag what I'm sitting there absently
reading and editing the vlog you guys
just saw it I'm Sydney no get my face no
I'm thinking of adding another ball
Bridget says she's sick and she does
this all the time by the way every time
we lose a bet every time she loses a bet
she finds a way to worm her way out of
it and yeah so do you uh I'm Brooke
she's recording the video as I'm walking
I'm not really thank you guys and then
get pampered hey Michael I gave you
Pampers that's not what being pampered
means you were gonna pamper me I'm gonna
be pampered
all right I'll massage your feet I want
not yeah I'll figure out what you're
gonna leave the pampering very soon all
right so before I got out of here I
wanted to do I wanted to talk about
something I saw I don't know if it's
come from the same guy on multiple
accounts or whatever but there was
something going around that grandpa was
in the pool in the vlog yesterday well
somebody was like Burke gay trap figure
it out you stumble grandpa's in the pool
no ha ha he wasn't yeah we filmed in the
pool by the way so I'm gonna show you a
piece of that I still wanna show cuz my
tits are in flotation devices in it so I
don't wanna I don't want to use any of
the pool footage but I will show some of
anyway there was a scene where the
camera turns and you see my nephew and
he's wearing goggles on his head and the
guy said death gray hair that's angry
grandpa but it was the goggles as you
can see clearly right there now to
reiterate its readers I can't talk to
reiterate it to this guy here's another
scene with my nephew wearing two fucking
goggles like get in yeah
yeah so sorry dude and whoever else said
it because there was a couple of
comments that ain't dad in the pool
unless unless you're mistaking a 65 year
old man with his 14 year old grandson
which we both need these FS okay well
that's gonna be at fritter day you guys
thanks for watching
rich humiliated me in target babe I'm
sorry but you lied to everyone what
about you help he told everyone that I'm
socially awkward
are you not socially awkward I noticed
as you say we're going to dress that's
probably don't throwback Thursday with
some stories no we're gonna talk about
your sexual awkward no no that's not
what I'm even caring about right now she
humiliated me folks that scene where she
stops recording and I whiz around the
corner there was like three Target
employees right there going and there
were customer staring at me bridges
screamed that super loud
here's your butt paste don't know please
never guys guys click like if you want
me to do that more often
no it's a millage a milli ating bridge
I'm serious two people like I guarantee
they're like but pays for this fat-ass
ya know socially awkward I do stuff like
that well I don't know guys I'm shy I'm
shy and purse but you're not shy if it
comes to humiliating me no it's like if
she wants to talk to somebody
hey but if she's trying to tell somebody
that I wear diapers
he wears diapers and shit's advanced you
have a weird thing I don't get it why
I'm sorry but I'm a social butterfly I
could talk to anybody yeah I subscribe
that's not what we're talking stop stop
level your head for a second hear the
words that I'm saying to you when it
comes to speaking you cannot do it when
it comes to speaking of it's to
embarrass me you can do it and it
doesn't make sense why can't you just
speak to speak
you know you're gonna answer the door if
it's delivery I'm getting out of here I
want to talk about this nerve my
subscribe babe I really
she won't even call we'll talk about the
service
I'm sorry
