what's going on you guys get behind a
camera here for to us he yeah right
there and today see me because this
isn't the intro knee but this is the
interest oh okay yeah today is Sunday
and today if you're wondering or
noticing it's dark all around me that's
because it's night it is 11 o'clock at
night right now and the reason the vlog
is starting off here at 11 o'clock at
night is because I can't use any of the
footage from this morning because all
the footage from this morning was
preparing for the prank that we thought
we were going to be uploading today that
we never got to upload so we did it
whole intro we'd explained what the
prank was we prepared for the prank in
the vlog and I couldn't use any of it
because we got to Grandpa's house he
wasn't there the dudes always there no
he's always been he's avoiding us he's
avoiding me I'm not I don't know why I
went to New York he stopped answering my
calls I don't know what his problem I
mean we only got a pool and a new unit
and I don't want to harp on the things
that we got him maybe that's why you
know it's just okay Bridget deserve some
respect listen we've been all good all
day and now all of a sudden the cameras
rolling you're being well you're talking
about it I don't want to talk about any
more okay I just want to get right into
the footage it's kind of like slow and
depressing because I thought we were
gonna be pranking them so I got really
depressed I went swimming Bridget left
and didn't record it this day just
sucked this day so you left well you
know to be fair you didn't want to be
there I wanted to play my video game
Bridget lefty to put the video game and
we didn't film anybody swimming and I
didn't get to prank that I was just
depressed all day this is a depressing
day it's a depressing vlog and I
wouldn't I wouldn't blame you to go
ahead and end it now oh my god
oh shit that's not gonna work just leave
me alone some people thanks guys
start this that was the intro so we just
got to Dad's house anyway here
where is he went to a baby shower a baby
shower
whoo what it's one of his friends a
planned they planned since uh the fourth
of July he told me to go to avenge
ourselves so you know that he's like
he's this the fourth he might have
mentioned it but I know it was today so
well I can't do the prank tonight that's
not here is that baby shower I was gonna
break yeah I was gonna do that I told
you about that browser Oh
oh my god don't tell ya Charlie wanted
to then thought on Italian go tell him
just I guess yeah so program over
Wednesday which I'm fine with that
shit man I really thought that will be
here I know I was selling you know I she
always passed him on the way to his
house yeah I just like doing the stores
yeah he can go along yeah okay but
yourself maybe Amy's gone for three
hours it's five o'clock now that's eight
o'clock this is hard to file yeah Dale
so what about they go eight o'clock
you know a lot of time I do it in the
video it would have to go up admit it's
just too late to do it too hard to do it
Wednesday so you guys were wondering why
we haven't done the prank today that's
why but we're here grandpa's pulls in
service we're gonna take all right I'm
gonna take my ass swimming you want
swimming yeah this deep when y'all leave
this dude don't swim you don't like
swimming yeah I like the skinny dip you
can't put that on play where you won't
be able to see your chest oh I was
magnificent war and it was blurred my
god war every time it's always flirted I
got the idea Mount Horeb so John popper
was on oh yeah and there he has to blow
at your tents that's what I did you
don't mad at me right for walk cuz I
love to play games Wally that may be mad
I don't know no I told you that's fine
all right pop here huh is dad back no
shit he is he voiding me what all state
I don't know why would he do that baby
shower baby shower was legit I'm telling
you man I'm not gonna say her name is
but yeah well did he bring a gift I
don't know he's they're gonna buy a good
wood
well prank failed didn't get to do the
prank I really wanted to do it can't do
it today we're the hell man let's just
come back once a varsa plan come back
Wednesday and we won't even tell him
just in case he is avoiding us hey don't
even pour tea war don't even say
anything I'm not gonna tell him we're
coming nobody tell him we're coming all
right
I'll move it swim was fun
what nothing I was swimming when y'all
leave you like swim right people
yeah man walking are blurred out tits
and shit to our YouTube thumbnail fuck
and the pool program it broke what no
good Shh I broke it ma'am spa you
bullshit right here ohh oh my god uh
well state already done - I didn't do
anything where do you know just bought
him a pool and I'm a new unit and I'm
telling you though he's at he's at the
baby shower let's wish they would get a
thumb down front of the pool at least
how's this bridge for thumbnail no good
teaching pool yeah so what's that okay
how you look all right
smile guys oh oh damn it's not recording
oh alright are you do it again
shit it's not jihad aha no I'm not flip
it up work right now
see leg damn didn't flip it up she's
alive all right let's let's get the
thumb now back to bat the new and
improved kids news has been cancelled
hey I just died alright aerialist
ah damn it ha ha ha dang it Michael
she's bullshitting her that's a dad not
me sorry you gotta stop
babe I was born thank you okay babe I'm
sorry
you know stop it
I'm sorry why I was bored you need to
know I need new shorts ha I was shit
don't fucking film guys already done oh
my guys is it real bad
it's fucking ha ha ha ha hey instead of
laughing how do you make it fun of me
how about you get me something
no there's Tola papers around all right
hang on he's probably ok
why don't you do this Michael someone
had to get pranked so there had to be me
he happens so because we couldn't prank
dad today
you make me shit in my pants but you
should probably take a shower I have to
I know I'm kind of afraid to take a
shower so I'm gonna take a shower after
I'm done editing the vlog that way you
can't fucking prank me cuz I know it
won't be included hey I'm going to bed
anyway I'm not taking a shower
I won't shower for a week you freakin
smell like shit you smelling a damn
porta potti ok Bridget you don't need to
save this shit a log not funny I'm gonna
party baby camera stop you made me shit
and right here I'm sorry someone had to
get pranked ok and it wasn't gonna be me
you know buzzing I've been depressed all
day well get over it and now I've shit
in my pants that's not gonna help my
depression you guys I'm sorry if it
seemed like a little bit depressed and
Grandpa's house we were really talking I
was really counting on that prank
happening today what it didn't hey I was
sad too but I had to find a way to make
myself happy and I did I just had to
call Charles tell him to change the
frickin Wi-Fi code yeah because I know
people are gonna tell Dad or pranking
him he's got Facebook you guys probably
asleep right now actually when I
pranking him tomorrow yeah so it's
either they fight this through me
through a fucking loop I thought he I
swore he would be home I know I know
he's so like you've got to be here on
Sunday son yeah you're here gender don't
bother coming back oh my gosh one time
we went to the fair on Sunday and he was
oh
remember yeah I threw away like he had
made like I remember he made yeah
steak and gravy yeah he scraped into the
trash in front of me because we were
going to the fair yeah it was on a
Sunday in October we always do Sunday
dinner yeah I guess we don't when he has
plans right
that aside I thought we got rid of that
fucking taser hey why would I get rid of
that paisa because I'm terrified of it I
want it gone
no Michaels on the phone right now is
somebody important and I'm going to
scare him again a mutant I'm sorry I got
it so you have to do that woman with um
with Mike I'm talking to my boss and you
got to do that
I scream on the phone with her I'm sorry
I'm sorry hon please forgive me I'm just
trying to lighten up the mood you're
such a better ass well I was fine I was
in a good mood I was gonna go freakin
watch the battleground rip freakin on
The WB network whole thing you maybe I
was on the phone babe I'm sorry what
else do me to say I was trying to have
some fun don't you agree not do any more
well that's gonna be a pretty day you
guys thanks for watching uh sorry for
sort of a depressing vlog oh don't say
that we're depressing
all right they got shit my pants again
we had five guys oh right through me oh
gosh no what are you doing I'm feeling
my ass to see if I shit my own pants oh
I did
Oh Michael come I come to you shower now
you why did you do that
I'm sorry yeah I'm sorry too close to me
with it Wow no I'm swear Bridget I swear
to god don't you fucking do it that's
gonna be a four-game guys like subscribe
what I want this thing away from me yeah
that's it thanks you guys yeah say what
you're gonna say good luck you guys okay
that's it goodbye film it everything
it's so forth um knee I gotta make
Bridget orgasm please oh my god you
gotta stop saying that oh he goes for a
second for guessing right there right
there ah that's the face
