what's going on you guys keep back at
home behind a camera here see right
there with my man mid-sentence with my
man and to debt man where you uh I don't
see no man you my man
I'm calling myself like a little baby
bitch what today are you so laughing
with the baby website he have today is
Saturday and today we're gonna try to
replicate and out burgers we met we
didn't get onions so we can't do sauteed
onions on them I knew you're forgetting
something crushed me
nobody pin today still gonna be Roca
burger speaking of good burger I've
always wanted to try tell secret sauce
from good burger ask me to but you know
what I was trying to think it is similar
to in and out no cuz it was like reddish
orange so maybe he used extra ketchup I
remember seeing pickles in there lemon
ok says start with some lemon juice and
ketchup
i some dumb pickles i think i saw him
dump cream so i don't know what's in
that sauce but I won't tell secret sauce
from good burger like how do you think
someone ever charge of replicated
somebody make Kel sauce let's make Elsa
I've always wanted to try it too like we
actually have that I want someone to
make Kel sauce and if you don't know
what Cal sauce says this section of the
vlogs not for you
you know what else we're not having what
because you decided you wanted to make
macaroni and cheese and like a
microwavable cheesy hash brown thing you
wanted excuse me may I speak and tell
you what you're missing out on in and
out monster fries that's it
vlogs over I'm going somewhere to get
that mobs over so anyway today is
Saturday today we're making in-n-out
burgers I got the recipe from healthy
junk food you want to check them out the
link is below they are going to do it
better than we did or what ok fuck that
up they did it better than we're gonna
do and let's get this Saturday started
by the way tomorrow I'm pranking grandpa
here is what we need to make dinner
tonight
this is actually
for dessert I don't know why that's
there but anyway we are going to try to
make in-n-out burgers and Bridget is not
here because I sent her back to the
store to get onions okay I didn't send
her back to the store to get onions she
wanted to go back to the store because
she wanted those french fries so she
went back to the store to get the stuff
to make french fries and I said you
might as well get onions while you're
there
this right here is we're going to use to
make the in-and-out sauce ketchup relish
and yes my arch-enemy mayonnaise oh man
is how I hate you
we also got pickles for it tomatoes
lettuce and Bridget wanted to get some
box to macaron I don't know if that's
for dinner or not so I left it on the
counter anyway and of course we're going
to be making a cookie dessert we'll get
that in a little bit here we go in and
out style burgers for dinner okay
getting the burgers ready and versus
really upset because she wants to play
undead night no I thought you wanted me
to like make this I was like I was like
I need Bridget's help for this part and
she goes I'm going outside to smoke what
do you want me to do I'm playing dead
nightmare now any that say didn't happen
didn't happen when your all's life good
you did okay we do I don't feel her
hardest do this to each other but we
won't we'll lie to each other I swear
but we won't swear at each other's
parents lives for some reason and just
now
hey so anyway all right I'm doing a
different method for the burgers to
dance off from healthy junk food get a
little burger ball get a plate press it
down Michael what the hell I really want
to play undead nightmare now okay I'm
just kidding who's talking with that
come up this you know how it don't
forget mad about
fuck alright don't use a plate how that
we know how to send patties I'm mad now
I'm really happy with what they did I
wonder why it didn't work I don't know
but now upset drop the camera I'll still
be good babe
there's look so perfect well who cares
about perfection I don't I do
one-and-done imma do all these chomping
camera I won't film I don't warm so
upset come on don't feel like that I
can't cover the lens like a hamburger
eating my fingers so just cover the lens
for me zoom into my chest I'm so pissed
not with the zoom just walk I see she's
like zooming zoom you pushed the camera
towards my chest I'm so mad here goes
covering the lens cover it cover the
lens so woah almost dropped them here
are my pressed burger patties I got them
on this parchment paper I'm going to pop
it in the freezer they didn't do it on
theirs but it's what I find them easier
to handle to pop in the freezer for
about 10 minutes the reason I think by
the way that's Red Dead Redemption in
the background the reason I think it's
sort of sticking to the plate was my
grand beef my god it's why I got 73 27
which I think has a fun higher fat
content and I think that they used less
fat so the fat stuck to the plate that's
my theory I don't know what else
happened that's probably it but I like
73 27 for my burgers maybe it won't
taste like you know in and out but oh
well
bridge you gotta see this
what I just open up the freezer to put
in the burgers get over you ready for
this here record this ready yeah so Oh
might just throw the plate away I don't
know if you guys remember what how long
has that been in the freezer this is
like over a month maybe two months oh my
when I made homemade chicken nuggets
sitting in the freezer since then
oh it's dropping everywhere let's hope I
don't forget the burgers in the fridge
of this long this is crazy
can you believe this shit oh my god it
was like go up yeah dude I like to throw
away without for fries and we already
had some in the freezer
what'd ya leave off the prize holy crud
yeah dude
so you went to Target like what are you
doing
throw that away I forgot in the freezer
someone bring a part of it holy crap
that is crazy me we're nasty Oh Michael
let me let me fix up
I'm gonna shove the freezer closed okay
the next step I'm gonna take some olive
oil we'll put it in this pan and I'm
gonna saute up these onions I chopped up
some sauteed onion do that I'm adding a
little bit of salt and a little bit of
pepper and that's it oh man
be sauteing onions give me an orgasm Wow
that's how I sound every time that's
what that's what it sounds like all over
travel oh shit
get out of the pan one for my hand yeah
it would in case you're wondering this
is what Bridgette sounds like that's
what Bridgette sounds like or s'more
like that's her the next step is going
to be our secret sauce or the Thousand
Island sauce at in-n-out burger uses now
I'm not buying Thousand Island dressing
I wanted to make my own and healthy junk
food has a recipe that I'm not going to
entirely follow below because I'm not a
fan of mayonnaise includes menu so I'm
going to use more of the other greeting
it's over mayonnaise I'm gonna have
Brigitte taste testing till it's good
I've already added the mayonnaise and
the ketchup because number one I didn't
want to film mayonnaise being added into
a bowl and number two I don't know why
that filmic catch ours it wasn't filming
so I fucked up mayonnaise on purpose
though next up we're going to add some
relish
and that's not all folks can i stir it
not yet
next up you're gonna want to add some
lemon juice to it not a lot of lemon you
don't want to overdo it one lemon juice
it can be too strong but you want a
little bit of lemon juice for this look
fuck is this some sort of joke come on
did not really think that was a lot of
car thought it's a joke for the camera
okay you got a real lemon now what
you're gonna do is you're gonna cut into
another one okay for real this time
you're gonna get a lemon and what you're
gonna want to do is laughing at me okay
it's a joke I know I know they're not
lemons folks I'm using lemon juice hell
yeah
you don't want to overdo it on lemon
juice boom now then a little bit of salt
no salt little bit pepper little bit of
pepper and a little bit sugar love it
sugar they said all right and then you
can stir it okay
in tastings I'm not so you want to use
this or this is this your sugar spoon
that's my sugar spoon so get something
else start with all right here we go
stir and melbridge if it's too much
mayonnaise let's figure out what to add
yeah the Rope just keep stirring it
you've eaten Thousand Island dressing
before I know I like it
mmm
I'm not gonna have you making fun of the
thrust of the sauce she'll give it a
taste
Wow is it good taste it I'm not chasing
it don't piss me amazed I will taste
mayonnaise I'll eat it on the burger is
it good spoons too close to the camera
move it there we go how is it it's
really good
all right that's our sauce all right
well I was just looking for some paper
towels to soak the french fries on after
the done frying to soak up some of the
grease and we don't have any so I had to
go to something that Bridget bought was
it a year ago oh that was a year ago
yeah okay we got him I said we got him a
year ago if I said that okay excuse me
all right something I got a year ago
paper towels us a princess napkins
there's so few don't use all along I'm
not only need a couple okay
thanks Cindy face mom I love them no
okay we got our burger patty I'm gonna
put on here you want to hear like a nice
sizzle so let's listen just like that
boom one at a time okay add a little bit
of salt and pepper and we're gonna do is
cook this until it gets brown and we got
a nice char at the bottom of it which is
gonna be actually pretty quick I'll be
back in like another minute all right it
is time to flip this is gonna be weird I
saw this from their video you put
mustard on the burger
and then you flip it I've never done
this before I saw this one there there
we go now we can add cheese into each
burger patty they're almost done already
we check this prize now we're going to
build the building process that's
shooting is Bridget playing undead
nightmare in the background so lettuce
no so we got lettuce a slice of tomato
and a couple of pickles that go right
there on the bottom but now we grab our
burgers which are done we add a little
sauteed onion over the top and the sauce
which Bridget's I will let drain around
because she likes it and that's how they
do it and the top and there it is folks
the in-and-out burger next up we're
doing the animal fries and they say to
put slices of cheese directly over the
fries which is what I'm doing hopefully
it melts a little bit of those sauteed
onions over the melting cheese and the
sauce I think these are animal fries all
right Bridget here's the burger give it
a burger try first holy crap a messy one
damn I'll try some fries
so this one is so freaking good so my
attempt at in-n-out burger if you guys
want to see the full recipe go to
healthy junk food the link is below how
to turn out a magazine okay we got to
get a thumbnail here so I made another
one we actually finished about two hours
ago it's a little bit about older
in-and-out burger for the thumb man I
know I just gained about 20 pounds does
it look good so for the thumbnail I
gotta make Bridget's orgasm face so oh
my god you got to stop saying that way
okay
orgasm face number one oh my gosh for
just second orgasm face right there
right there that's the page ah and
there's the other ready oh yeah you know
that's true it's not or there was also
this one why should I pass on that one
oh right yeah we all guys it's you and
then you cry man does mess Michael I
don't cry
yeah you do oh by the way heavy nose
anything missing no your phone Wow
awesome you see nothing Michael it's
mine again no come on
case on it and everything it's okay let
me tell you what I keep that one and go
to the flea market tomorrow get you a
goodbye series well I'm gonna order the
6s no yeah you can have it you can have
the sex Margit love you Bridget nope
bill you're fooling me take your hand
away we're going to flea market get her
a good 1997 blackberry sitting here
waiting to do the outro and bridges over
the filled up a dog bowl with water yeah
fresh water that's fun but they're
outside using the bathroom
you can wait fuck no you're that
fuckface you're fuckface you're fuckface
you're let me ask you a question I'm as
seriously listen what exactly is a
fuckface why do we say it why do people
say fuck babes
no what does a fuckface look like what
does the face that looks like you know
ah so this is what fuck looks like yes
really yeah doesn't make sense does it
fuck face Michael cries after shut up
what seriously it's a weird phrase
intimate yeah fuck face but it makes me
laugh so right it's funny but I don't
know what the face of a fuck actually
looks like what some other weird phrases
let us know in the comments all right
I've never heard people say bitch face
it's thing in a bitch face is just a
face of a bitch which is what you are
you're not resting bitchface
no I do I do you do it's real bad I've
covered the lens well that's gonna be it
for today you guys thanks for watching
do a little cooking a lot of you 24 more
cooking videos and I decided to do
something that people like to eat
burgers oh my gosh one of the last time
actually cooked in a while day a long
time dude a long time since somebody
else other than McDonald's has cooked my
dinner so anyway I'm gonna get out of
here thanks for watching hope you guys
enjoyed the cooking video I don't do
them that often click like if you're
excited for us to prank Grampa tomorrow
head it over oh my god friends that like
me too I'm real excited don't ever take
the camera for me I can't do it like
this
thank you thanks for watching you guys
I'm gonna get out of here
you're out of the outro now try to bite
me right here oh you try to bite me
watch he'll call back right now si call
that bitch of a goddamn game how did you
goddamn bother me so call back and we
call you let me answer I'm tired I'll
talk to her I know there's something
sucked don't you do it not my day you
gone earlier got him
