what's going on you guys kid behind a
camera here do you do you remember me
did they remember me I missed you guys
so so much so a couple years ago I used
to upload videos on this channel and I
just sort of went away
it disappeared few people had asked me
if I'm dead I went one day that's all
the one else going on a trip to New York
I was gone for one day and I've gotten
people where's Michael oh my god what
happened I even asked I texted Mike are
you dead
it's ridiculous I'm here I'm back I went
to New York on some business to I can't
talk about it it's you guys know who you
guys know okay you guys know what I do
outside of YouTube I can't I can't say
anything amazing time it was really cool
to go there and see some friends and
hang out and eat and then hang out some
friends that they've eat and then hang
out and eat and eat I went to a couple I
would take this place called lobster and
burger and lobster or something that
I'll be the only had three items on the
menu
burger lobster lobster roll oh my gosh
Michael I really want a lobster roll I
never had you're out of the intro don't
fuck oh oh I'd like you didn't miss me
yeah yeah big kid so today what is today
Friday - oh it's over the Friday zone oh
yeah overheating so we got to do this
hey it's overheating today is Friday and
if you hadn't see me oh god I'm tired of
this the past day one day shut up
already
that's funny okay it's a fucking
overheating can I do the intro this is
not the footage that I recorded in New
York I didn't upload a vlog because I
was so busy but here we go let's kick in
- oh she's putting that up let's kick in
- all the New York
that I film here we go well I am here at
the airport playing Pokemon go oh yeah
say hello hey guys
there's a West year so as you can see
I've got a new phone yes
no no it's my new phone no yes Bridget
it's my phone now now so right now I am
using bridges Pokemon go account and as
you can see there's a gas following her
which is so much like the real Bridget
alright it's like the real deal dude oh
yeah you always have a gas following you
I gotta tell them something what I have
to tell them something ok ok guys so
this morning I go whipping up dead know
I'm covering the villains my thumb so
Bridget just told me just now oh no I'm
telling them I'm saying everything I'm
doing speaker hold on so just now
Bridget said that's would you say your
thigh or something hurt and rather than
that just being some sort of like pain
or phantom she said maybe she has a
tumor consuming her calcium maybe do you
really believe that yeah maybe a little
what a cancer Oh God
Bridget is with Bridget is a way bigger
hypochondriac than I've ever been that
is not really got brain cancer a week
ago I found my brain cancer yesterday
okay you're way worse yeah but that's
different you know yeah I'm sorry you
thought you had a tumor consuming your
calcium I'm covering the lens with my
arm
so I just got to New York it's loud it's
fuck I know you can hear me
I just called an uber
I'm going to get robbed I'm afraid of
reading a bride because I'm holding a
camera phone I'm playing Pokemon go
waiting for the rubric on here
that's what New York sounds like let's
take a look at my video see what I got
here some big-ass building I don't know
what you are me turn off this light turn
off this light see we get a better shot
of the buildings well I don't know what
any of these buildings are because I'm
not from around here
by the way pretty nice of you
where the hell am I take a look at this
salad okay freakin salad from a deli
you can freakin make it but let's even
deal with here count on me to come to
New York City go to a deli and get a
salad
mmm I feel good though come this has
been a long grueling day I gotta give it
six it's going on - I'm gonna do it
folks
I don't not know how I'm gonna do it
well it's the next day
so now let's lug very nice still know
where I am
don't know these buildings are but it's
nice either way second zoo in the boat
wow so right outside the hotels is great
view the Freedom Tower
a spectacular looking right there and
then there's this building so yeah that
right there is why there was not a vlog
in New York because I didn't get a
chance to film anything but what you
just saw which wasn't very much I didn't
get a chance to record anything because
I was so busy you know just there was a
there's a project that somebody wanted
me to help with so I flew out and I
helped him out with their project and
you know it was it was a one day thing I
flew in flew out back I'm home vlogging
I'm chilling I'm exhausted I woke up at
6 o'clock this morning it's 1 o'clock
again I can't believe I'm still up and I
got a keeper just phone I'm thinking
about stealing it I'm gonna steal her
phone guess who it is Bella that's right
it's me so go back to New York
I hate you
oh well no no Bella didn't miss me do
you miss Marilla no she say no she says
fuck you should we go back you're no fun
okay I want to talk to you about
something
can I please have my phone back I'm
already you know you're getting at did
you catch any Bridget I need you to
listen to me what
I'm keeping the fun no you're doing
Bridget
I'll break it first okay how you ordered
me a new one no I need you to order me
one you got the for why you're punishing
me or something just give me another
phone or I keep this one no I want my
phone back
what's wrong with the for you Ben you
should because I don't deserve to use
the for right now so neither do I you
you've had a few days why don't you
order me one yet cuz you don't deserve
you just don't give a shit I mean it I
can use the for I guess shows I don't
think I should be penalized for your dad
bullshit
give me the phone yeah yeah the phone
rajat my car Bridget I'm serious like
you mean fuckface listen to me give my
phone this is Demi fuck stick you don't
give it okay
it's my new phone so my phone nugget not
giving you back you understand
oh god I rap dirty filthy bitch my phone
hi I think you missed me don't give a
shit see tail shaking or nothing was
knock me out
hey okay boy she's blue he knows my
voice hey guys
I'm a shield Cloyd from all of it oh
they just want to fight well that's
going to be it for today you guys thanks
for watching I realized that the shorter
vlog than usual today that's because I
didn't film anything in New York I got
home late the whole series of so did you
not catch any pokemons I want the phone
back no I want the phone back
no so you know this vlog is called I'm
stealing bridges phone or on stole or
whatever it's called I'm taking the
phone I'm getting a bag yeah anyway I
don't know I even put my case back on
this case up give the other one back on
it I had it in my hands let me see it
for the fun meal now I need a thumbnail
I don't hold it the bed looks like shit
yeah my face with that I'm gonna get out
of here dude
normal vlog start back tomorrow that's
good to be home I was glad to be in New
York when I'm glad to be back in South
Carolina I sided to go to sleep commit
to hmm can we do the outro yeah like
subscribe favorite fun everything for
just and when she says tuck her in she
means she wants me to read her a bedtime
story I look under the bed for monsters
hey
