what's going on you guys keep you on
camera here visualize here right there
and today is Tuesday and guys today
unfortunately is not flame today is not
super flames guys today is not dope uh
if you're wondering what we're talking
about by the way why were using the word
flames and dope
those are Matt peopies favorite words
which he used all weekend like it became
a running joke the whole weekend hey
guys everything was super flame
everything was dope before we get into
that
check out these clips from yesterday's
vlog one which is an extended clip Jason
and I we looked at some dailies
yesterday last night at the hotel whoo
just looking - looking flames bro yeah
yeah you heard us all what did you think
about it I mean flames
well flames has been the word of the
week
screams hell yeah well man thanks for
going pub food bring it brother hell
yeah
it was really weird you guys everything
was flames or it was dome like for
instance we were on the side of the
music video is that yo do this is super
flames like yeah it is dude and then I
gave my sonship and he was like yo that
is so flames like everything no matter
how big or small is the same level of
flame right but it's very funny this so
funny maybe it's an Ohio thing maybe it
is guys but now it's a South Carolina
thing now it's a Michael Green thing
guys today it's not gonna be flame today
is not gonna be dope because Matt PFE is
going home dude I'm gonna miss you I
want to take a minute to you know tell
you thank you for coming out for this
music video thank you for hooking me up
with you know the director and you know
thanks you too Vince Lundy who directed
the music video and Jason Crocker who
took the photos and took my album cover
and advertently guys a lot of good stuff
happened this weekend you know I'm
really sad for it to end but life goes
on we continue Matt I'm gonna miss you
let's go to Grandpa's house what do you
think I think we should read back like
if you want to take a fight he's gonna
be like oh no I got a ripoff yeah you
just tried to hand me cheese with a big
bite taken out of it talking about your
ghetto what is this right here at least
the dog is excited about it that is
Jesus Colby jack
Koby doing this full set Kobe Platte
yeah I feel that
dude how many subscribers do you have
right now 24 24 thousands of the last
time I checked what you might as well
stay dude dude you're gonna be back by
the weekend yeah because if you guys can
get a 5,000 more we wrap out on for sure
this dude what is that you're gonna get
the spikes my take is that you're
pointing at the wrong person you're
you're gonna win this babe I just know
it seriously dude you're gonna turn
around I have to come right back I don't
want to look the plane isn't there I'm
gonna be like you guys got to turn this
thing around I just hit 30,000 we got a
Lance over this rap battle can happen
the pilots gonna be like oh here we go
yeah he's good like this is an emergency
hello flight delays it's gonna be like
well the rap battle between POV and
lyrical is happening so it doesn't
matter and they're all gonna understand
like oh yeah
of course sure they're actually gonna
bump me up to first class when that
happens you know okay yeah do seriously
how many of you gained in like two days
it's been about 10k what why the only
five more to go
we have five more to go and then you're
gonna take this out no you are Michaels
destroying you okay he's gonna stomp you
hard yeah you guys are comments so you
see who's gonna win they're gonna be
like who's gonna win PF your lyrical to
this rap battle off yeah Michael any
more pfv comments of course is gonna be
kidding me baby crying sort of guys let
us know in the comments section who you
think is gonna win the rap battle me or
Matt well we gotta get we gotta get the
30k first so I don't even know what's
gonna happen gonna happen only three
hours do kidding me about a gazelle
though man I'm saying that it's not true
you're gonna get squash this your flight
soon yeah my friend is in a slightly
like Oh what is your flight soon get
how soon is it dammit well anyway Ginny
yummy laughs worse than a pap before he
leaves bye sorry I party oh man we
forgot about that sorry
gosh she's got the cheese and then she
bit it afterwards she bit the cheese its
stun do you guys can we just take a
minute to acknowledge how bad it was bad
so - I don't like anything I've ever
smelled before what did you eat that day
obviously like cheese cheese do you just
eat cheese
is that your thing you just said like
issues how much did that block did you
just eat doing the able is that a new
block when you sit down oh my god is how
do you not gain way by any blocks of
cheese you've got to be constipated
that's what I think did lactose and
tornados and tolerate you were not
lactose intolerant not real cheese oh my
god claim like us cheese it's freaking
Kobe Bryant listen get yourself under
control oh all right you guys matt has
officially left he's going to the
airport right now we are home we're
chillin sort of just live in the day you
guys I had a really good time Matt once
again like I said in the intro
thanks for coming out dude it was a
really fun time it was a really good
time huh back to normal life though
let's going on as usual Matt goodbye
forever Mike for good goodbye forever
you're never coming back I know you
think you're coming back for that rap
battle but we're not doing that that's
not true by the way we're doing the rap
battle you guys you guys have so many
people has he's at 26,000
like seriously I did not think you guys
would subscribe to his channel so quick
so we're gonna have to do it I don't
know how soon probably next weekend I
don't know he's coming back you guys rap
battles coming this is it is what it is
Matt thanks for coming man if you're
wondering why I didn't record him
leaving and our saying our goodbyes I
just wanted to do that off camera you
know just say goodbye to the guy but I
don't know maybe you'll see him again
before the end of this vlog no promises
I don't know let's continue this vlog
and just like that as mysteriously as he
had arrived he was gone guys
Matt's gone don't even bother what is
wrong with it I slammed my thumb in the
car door it's fine let me see it no
Bridget chill dude let me see your thumb
Bridget my thumb can I talk the what's
going on here guys let me see it I want
to do something to Matt real quick hold
on yo Matt you're gone Bridget okay look
at it it's like okay Bridget I bought it
your heart is failing I boiled it okay I
don't wanna talk about anything now you
filed it yes I was cooking macaroni and
I started with my thumb
okay it's fine dude can we do a theme
come on guys come on I gotta see this
Bridget Michael yes okay look dude you
never come in oh my god what is so fun
here I think you would like notice it so
quick guys it's a breadstick okay cool
cool
guys I have to go I did that I didn't
think you would notice it so quick I was
gonna make it really hot
freaking everything just like that okay
this is really gross you looking dumb
skin uh-hmm
no no hey Matt you know what coming back
ever so we'll take grasses back
Akron real fast damn I'm not ready for
this
i'ma telling you guys that very limited
of time we have a new short available
it's gonna be gone on February the 11th
it is the angry grandpa gone but not
forgotten shirt oh my gosh wow it's
really nice yeah it is angry grandpa
gone but not forgotten if you want to
get this shirt you guys it is available
right now up until February the 11th or
maybe even earlier if it runs out of
supplies because they're very limited
surprise you know very limited supplies
they may have wanted more I don't know
how that works but guys it's only
available for a short amount of time if
you want to get it the link is below dad
would love this he would absolutely love
this me maybe you wouldn't love it
because the Gullah forgot and wouldn't
happened to me all right you guys know
what I mean yeah it's a really nice
shirt considering yeah of course yeah
it's a great way to honor him it is I
agree and they sent us another one / -
really
this is the shirt is it not sad yes it's
sad it's another one that comes out
after this shirt wow this one is going
to be available on February the 12th
Oh God well that's sad you know it's
very sad but wow he would love to us he
would and it's true you guys he's gone
but enough for God and he's never gonna
die and the reason that he's gone but
enough for God and he's never gonna dies
because of you guys
because you guys are carrying on his
legacy by watching his videos and
remembering him and talking about him
and telling your friends oh there's this
crazy old man and he broke a Playstation
for once and his memory lives on through
you guys and because of you guys people
won't ever forget my father so this
shirt is not available yet you guys this
one is going to be available on the
twelve however this one is available
until the 11th no don't get it that is
sick I don't anyone show my face I'm
over just come cover with dads oh this
good thought you're just gonna like
throw don't the camera look good show
there's a his face on mine yeah let me
tell you something you too bitch Emily
BETT all right you guys the god but not
forgotten shirt it's only available for
a woman at a time that's it for this
part of the vlog just wanted to show it
to you we just got this it's awesome
what do you think about it no me too the
camel I don't want you to be sad and
this song but we're going to for the
rest of our lives rich
every day I wake up he's not here and
that's one of the reasons I got so mad
yesterday about the stuff that happened
do you know who because he didn't care
about his father he didn't care when he
died he profused to speak in his own
service and that's you know that speaks
volumes about a person when somebody
they always cry on video wears their
tears
you know where is his tears did you care
about your own dad man and now it's too
late to pretend like you do so that's
the last I speak of it guys this shirt
is only available for a limited time
check out the link below I'm gonna send
this to some super super fans I know I'm
gonna send a couple of stealing's that
Kayleigh girl Haley who else we got
their looks there's a ton of like really
loyal fans you guys we pay attention to
all you guys yeah you know when we see
like the really lit fans that are always
tweeting us a Kayleigh Steve Billings
Ryan like there's so many of you guys I
make sure I take care of you guys I'm
gonna send you guys to the show so you
know now don't order it I'm sending it
to you guys we got more vlog to live dad
I miss you so much man every day I wake
up and it's just so weird and I just
wish that I can hug you and tell you how
much I love you and I can't but I love
you I love you glad I got you I love you
I'm glad we got each other love you
I didn't think I've already seen the
shirt I think it would be so sad
get it you guys you want to do you want
one of these because below
I wish it didn't exist
hey what's up you guys so I'm safely
home back in Akron Ohio thank you guys
so much for watching everything we did
this weekend I'm super excited to put
out this music video and this song with
Mike it's gonna be super good and I want
to say thank you to Mike on his own vlog
right now for you know all the
hospitality and everything he's a great
friend he's a great person so if you're
talking about if I don't want the
internet just side with yourself doing
everyone a favor but one thing that's
really nowhere the year we're super
close to getting me to 30,000
subscribers and at 30k is when me and
Mike are gonna rap battle I'm going to
drive back down there and him and I are
gonna rap battle and put it out so if
you want to see that happen subscribe to
my channel right now this is our last
chance to get 30k we're at like 25 we're
super close so if we can make that
happen it's gonna be awesome and Mike is
about to get this work he's about to get
a body son
you
