what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here visualizer Yeah right there
hey today yeah I got over to grandpa's
and today we're playing fuck Mungo
let me do something ruined it for you
geez man you already ruined this for me
oh all right let's just redo it what's
going on you guys can't be on a ball
fucked up head here for Josie Yeah right
there and today is Wednesday and today a
bell cuz you like that plate Villa get
eat garbage get it today is Wednesday
mouths lon oh guy that okay today you
can't let home doing it was funny today
is Wednesday and today grandpa's playing
pokey Mon go oh you guys have been
begging for it for a week you want to
see grandpa play pokemon go I don't know
if he's gonna like it or not I don't
think I'll hate it as much as he hated
like flappy birds and chips I'm feeling
he's like actually gonna like it it's a
fun game I'm addicted again by the time
you see this you'll know if he liked it
or not if it's called grandpa loves
Pokemon go he loved it if it's called
angle grandpa hates Pokemon go you
fucking hated it
geez I can't ever film you guys like
chillin I know it's like they just I
about what that's lazy that's a lazy you
can't have it fella
yeah lazy have this set lazy lazy had a
dentist appointment today so he's just
now getting to eat for the first time in
two days well all day but he didn't get
to eat so now I get to eat because he
got us what T polled whatever he was got
to get teeth pulled by hey what's not
talking about he does not want me to
film him
is that right lazy Bella wants me to
film Bella being normal
hey Bella so if you didn't see the video
that we put up yesterday if you can't
tell my hair looks screwed
baby you're so dramatic
tell me it's not a bit noticeable I mean
like a little I went to Wallman to
Walmart last night and there was a fan
there and the chain looked at me goes oh
let me see the hair okay can the vlog
head went up she watched the vlog and I
take off my hat and she wanted a picture
with my bald ass head this shit missing
because Bridget shaved it with a shaving
razor
it looks screwed up but you know what
you look droga in that picture cuz of
that face why do you keep hanging your
hat up on the face thing I just I cannot
believe how well that razor shave whore
face not I don't care it's so clear they
still hurt me you were cutting me you
dosed by heavy anyway yeah my head was
bleeding oh look what your face was it
so here it is huh at pool got a lot more
dirt going on man the humidity is a
bitch out here I feel like it's hot that
pool looks nice man hey you do nerves
were like huh we could doing this early
can you play that Pokemon thing Oh got
about that yeah okay well you're so
playing it so show me the pool what's
all Pokemon we play because I don't want
you to know anything about it yet got
that wait me to dare to fool this right
there fucking take a picture yeah Jesus
my sinking into the ground for you go
sink your ass up okay yeah thumbnail oh
God I just wanted to see it well look at
it right here in front of your eyes
I wanted you to show it to me be alert
be in little fuzzy astok a little pool
in the yard the camera died so I
couldn't film if a dad base are
splashing his arm in the water you won't
see the waters I've shown it to you
move bitch the camera died so now I've
been charging it this is ridiculous but
it's charged
my phone's ready are you ready to play
pokemon go man I got me that yes it's so
far I don't do it get a listen to me why
are you using my phone not Bridget's so
don't drop the phone don't fucking if we
go near the pool don't drop into the
pool I would never throw your poop you
up on the water well now it okay now the
backyards off
okay that's my phone I have to hurt your
phone and I don't have a case over it so
it'll crush it another hurt your phone
okay I wanted just throw some Brown -
let's do it get it over with
alright pokemons go Tommy ready for this
let's do it Danny oh you won't play it
well I don't like mud hold on intro time
there's Allegheny yes whatever you're
going to take your mister the intro to
the video already well you guys have
been begging us to have anger grandpa
play pokemons go Oh God he's just not an
ax that's what we're here to do it's so
fun so die you guys really yes it's the
only reason I got up early so you guys
wanted us to play pokemon go so that's
what we're going to do and your grandpa
please pokemons go what I do you'll see
go where we're going well for the past
two weeks what are you doing look at him
what well for the past two weeks you
guys have been begging Frank your
grandpa to play pokemon go and I'm gonna
do it that's what we're here to do today
okay we can't do tomorrow
no we can't do it no it has to be today
alright that's but you have to aw I
gotta finish the intro well for the past
two weeks you guys have been begging
Frank your grandpa to play pokemon go a
little bit that's a word what anybody
what are you laughing cause it's funny
like yeah I know why having I'd do it
for so that's what we're here to do
I'm not a dead body so much what Jenna
found two dead bodies out in there well
I use in poking me and gooey
well I can't go I gotta goes back in hit
by car if I go that way
what are you trying to give me about car
what do you mean I didn't say anything
no you want to get that main road I want
to do it I didn't say that
oh my god there's nothing whoa you got
to keep playing dad
good huh
what let me there's one ain't none right
here well right in front of you click it
nothing's happening nothing is happening
they go catch that
you got it ah gah go home now call bad
bitch I'll play the goddamn game and
I'll need you goddamn bother me so call
back every call you yeah that's not good
make her call back
what the hell was that I don't know what
is it got beat no dad chill out I told
you very nicely don't call here I'm
playing a goddamn game I don't need you
fucking bother me bitch
he'll call you back when he gets doing
getting ready you understand me yeah are
you
yeah I'll plant volume on first up
hold on good one why would you do that
good
I told not to call them I'm sorry I got
mad not really it's all right man you
got money good bye Noah we don't know
how long you had that phone you know I'm
going to New York City tomorrow you know
that right
leave your phone I need it what is it
good to do Oh play the game we have to
I'm kind of upset will you shoot me I'm
not shaking I can't play the game look
what God needs mothers are still ringing
you a cry
yeah I'm actually your fucking baby you
know better and please shit my hands go
to your house dad
oh you go oh yeah yeah you tell me guys
okay brick you goddamn phone just go go
in yeah you shut the hell up
go ahead your phone like a little baby
you broke it like a little baby you guys
broke it you broke it broke your hair
out of my face
what are you gonna what are you good huh
you broke your own phone I don't fight
you throw it right oh my god
oh the hell'd you get a haircut
pick up the phone let's go you can't
throw Ali you go we're going somewhere
else
ah damn girl hey Michael I'm done
I won't play the game I like Pikachu
this is why we should have got him
another phone I told you I told you we
should have gotten him another one don't
put this on me I told you to get him one
you said no I went teach duh lesson he
broke it with a hammer his other one
should he use your phone why my phone I
want my phone I don't know what to do
any ideas I'm have to take your phone
with me I'm sorry Michael okay hang on
no you want me to go to New York City
tomorrow night without a phone don't go
I have to go well say you you're sick
sorry or say that your dad destroyed
your phone and you can't go shit
I need your phone take the phone we gate
well yeah why don't you use that uh bear
I don't want to use the fuck this bear I
want to use if I can go one you know
Bridget it was your bright idea to film
out here in this freaking humidity this
is your ideas all summer I hate coming
outside I hate you
sorry I don't hate you Wow I'm sorry
it's cool you're gonna hold it to me
while I'm cool
final hope to myself so come on fella at
least she loves me filming again yeah
I'm sorry I kind of got a new oh you
think it's funny this pisses me off
don't laugh I just feel like it's more
logical for you to use the good spare
okay I don't care anymore I mean simply
because I mean my you know my my iCloud
is on my phone you guys didn't see the
video anger grandpa played Pokemon go
and it's not my fault that he did that
can I just tell them cuz what if they
didn't see the video I just shouldn't be
penalized good Oh God I'll take the
fucking spare can I talk
Thank You thanks jeez you are such a
self-serving bitch and you're a fucking
bitch Bridget in general bitch don't
joke around it right now shut up bitch
don't joke I don't want to laugh right
now well I am laughing style Shh bitch
so stop it so dad my sister was calling
us probably fuck off Kim you don't need
to call a hundred times in a row right
that goddamn bitch I'm just kidding so
she kept calling dad got pissed and
breaks the phone I don't have a phone
now maybe Kim's to replace it oh my god
may I speak no when I'm talking oh god
I'm sorry
I have an emergency meeting tomorrow
it's not an emergency but I have a very
important business meeting tomorrow in
New York City and don't have a phone
that's the worst part of us I don't have
a phone
our hon you do have a phone because you
have that five there's more like a four
but shit don't even have cereal I think
it's like a five s shit don't even have
Siri four SS Siri four is no series so
there's no 5s no that's a four we have
every fucking iPhone looks the same well
enjoy your four hon how better don't you
have location services I think it does
this sucks bro it does suck I need you
wait you don't eat it well that's gonna
be a fern of you guys thanks for
watching I don't have a phone and if you
guys by the way if you thought that
Bridgette was just being a bitch right
there it's something that we do to each
other to cheer each other up it's kind
of weird
we're weird kind of people uh-huh when
we're upset uh we'll talk shit diddy
other one to make them feel better
so she sad of a kind of shut up you
fucking bitch and she'll laugh it's a
weird dynamic we have a weird chemistry
but that's what we got going that's what
that was but uh I don't have a phone
right now grandpa broke it if you didn't
see the video he was pissed that my
sister kept calling while he was trying
to play pokemons go he wasn't having it
and because of that smashed it so I got
to get it up the phone but you better
bet your ass I'm pranking dad bet your
ass that a prank is coming definitely I
had a prank plan for Father's Day I
didn't do it I had a you know being nice
fuck it I'm gonna prank him now anyway
I'm gonna get out of here thanks for
watching you guys I gotta go pack I
gotta be in New York City tomorrow night
it's a
ah you know it's a business thing I
gotta get in New York City but anyway
I'm gonna get out of here thanks for
watching you guys like subscribe
favorite dad you can play
key combat ninja later goddamn gave it
or did you got there bother me go go
back in we call you let me answer
I'm tired of how I'll talk to her dad I
know this let me stay up don't you go
away not Monday he gone Elliot got him
it's still working
