what's going on you guys what's going on
you guys can't be on a camera here
fedosya and today yes stop I'm I'm gonna
go get that man just stop what yesterday
we're just through you know sometimes we
talked these outros not really talk him
out but you know we don't throw each
other under the bus that months on the
outros or anything and she did yesterday
to me she threw me under the bus
she's a prize through in a clink like if
you want to cut my hair with that little
fucking bullshit ring I going to do it
and you're gonna exfoliate your face on
that shit has 20,000 likes so I gotta do
it oh my gosh this shit is gonna
cheating like sawing my hair off you get
that you guys have just clicked away see
you in pain honey they just clicked like
to watch my hair get saw it off my head
yeah oh oh my god you got me this is
kind of like a prank like you're doing
to me I'm totally a prank though so it's
not in my list of pranks - you don't
have a list my garlic then I'm making a
little of you ain't making no list I
actually did have a list and Bridgette
found it and I don't know where the list
is where is my list I'm telling you you
gotta forget those pranks I don't think
so why can't do them anyway you ran it
anyway okay I'm gonna just cut this
intro short today is Tuesday today I'm
getting my hair sauna body kind of short
because I really got to start working on
Bridgette the whole you can't do what
what are you doing I'm getting it all
right don't you damn break this I'm
trying to find Michael and I can't find
him anywhere
he's not behind the elliptical
not in the why would I it bit of the
other what was that he's not in the
trashcan why would it be there Oh what
where are you he's not under the tank
Michael shit camouflage by this plant
you really got me you didn't see me ie
behind barely got me I did not see you
there
hope when this plant gets hard and face
I'm totally invisible huh where are you
stop you're right there tinkle tinkle
little star how I wonder what you are
these are nothing wrong we want to try
it
baby toothbrushes everyone once see it I
don't know if they click like for that
of the Pokemon oh they click like for
this well you're not getting out of it
let's go up you still throwing the
Pokemon scene I don't know if you want
to see that so I'm sure they do
click like if you still want to see
Pokemon go so because Bridget put this
in there like ask you that I really
don't want to do this because because of
that I don't know if you guys want to
see Pokemon go or not so we're not going
to add any more click likes in this
click like if you want to see grandpa
play pokemon go I honestly don't know if
it's a thing I honestly don't know
people are still playing it I don't want
to do a video nobody gives a shit bout
so if you want to see grandpa play
pokemon go click like I just don't know
if you guys want him to play pokemon go
or not and before I give him my phone or
probably Bridget's phone um what no I
need my phone before I give him my phone
or most likely Bridget's phone alright
that's now I want to make sure you guys
want to see it so first yours has like a
break proof case on it mine doesn't know
it doesn't and if he drops it
or some stupid shit you can with sand a
crack anyway I don't want to click like
if you want to see the pokemons go do I
got to do this yes I'll just I have more
way more so you break them all you okay
have me oh yeah
Bella you're not gonna recognize me when
I get back we have cuts all over me
he'll break all right okay what's
happening hold the camera shit you're
doing it that's right okay I'm holding
it which color do you prefer do I give a
fuck this hurts bro
holy cow every way it hurts me really
yes haha you're gonna cut my face bro no
I'm not bro she's good she won't give a
shit how do you do it no one oh this
really hurts dude why is this a product
it doesn't hurt me
holy crap oh it's working when it hurts
don't go to my neck
I won't holy shit it might go ahead hey
this fucking thing's crazy we are I
think it won't bring a wellness rate she
got half my face okay are you done babe
I'm using Mahesh you let's do some hair
now I'm getting razor burn from this
thing in my face is like one fire right
now
really yes hair just do it fucking hate
you purchase it hurts real bad folks
fuck what is it miss gross now because
of this dude I'll be real mad all right
no you gotta have you're gonna be
remissed it all up do some more
hopefully your hair goes back what I was
drinking that if you use this razor it
won't grow back you're fucking lying
right now bro hey me a fucking phone hey
me a phone Bridgette shit if this you
guys wanted okay she saw all over me
Mike I'm serious your face
you guys keep finishing this up so I can
finish with the drill the drill not a
drill
with the hair clipper but I'm steaming
this diet with this all right get this
you might you don't fuck with me with
this please just do this and be careful
oh god this is how Samoans give each
other tattoos the villagers had to know
just a razor scraping across my scalp
she saw on my headphones I'm chuckles -
that feels like less scraping more
sawing in going eared you come here no
don't screw with me would you look at
this guy's I have my hands cut from this
one a razor this is freaking insane I
love this razor all right where you
stand out no I will not
yes joke it is insane it's quicker than
I can shave my own face what it looks
better what are you getting at so how
about this shit no I'm just saying this
razor you see a fist if I trying to do
it no no no no he did take it away from
me I wanna cut my own fucking cheek off
feels like she's trying to peel off my
scalp why isn't this working
folks would you done to me this is
absolutely crazy
this was just straight ripping at me
really well my hair go back no no I mean
serious right now I'm wondering uh no
don't do it the other way okay Oh
bitch I'm sorry come on cut cuz if she
caught me I'm choosing dinner not your
face
you whore oh I'm getting the electric
razor now we did it folks
look at what you got but seriously
you're so using this for your face for
now on folks this right here was
seriously painful it's and that's why
I'm really worried if we look at my hair
goes back in only bits goes back and
this doesn't I'll be bald for us and all
of us are shaving well you look good ud
electric Clippers where are they you
better know you better know oh no we're
pretty fun Hey Oh Jim's off fuck oh
Michael this yeah plenty full I need
electric Clippers this is getting
dangerous I don't know where they're at
I don't think we have some oh hell I'm
gonna shave your face of that little
razor
I wasn't even ready to cut my hair yet
either really I didn't want to cut it
yet hey I have a business meeting
possibly been in Los Angeles you know
one of my hair for oh really he looks a
football oh shit I got dry ground great
I'm looking at myself why fall for that
all right folks
stop stop she fucked me up real good
folks look I can even it out with this
razor don't don't touch me that razor no
more she fucked me up good folks she
fucked my hair she messed my hair up
real bad okay so you it really doesn't
look bad just stop for a second they
hadn't seen it yet
the little razor cuts much shorter than
the Clippers so we got that and then we
got this just you hold the camera and
show them oh yeah get a good look at it
oh you know my god don't say you can't
notice it I can't I can look in the
mirror and tell exactly where you cut my
hair with a razor here well one side is
darker than the other you know why that
is cuz there's fuckin a little bit of
hair there in no hair here but you know
what it your face looks amazing what the
face I'm serious get your ads and that
shower and wash your face no can we
acknowledge how you fucked me up real
quick it's not bad yeah look in the
mirror all right yeah you can really
tell it's real bad really no it's real
fucking bad maybe I cut yourself shit
Dave it's fine hey were hats everywhere
well you already do yeah and sometimes I
don't though but now I have to my eyes
your hair grows back it's gonna grow in
fucked up this will grow up first
and then this one I meant - wait - a
bunches we're writing and then reshape
it you might have permanently fucked me
up good this time
oh my can really tell now right now you
might have permanently fucked me up
no this little joke might have
permanently fucked me up good put your
hands down I gave you some self what
well your hands out I got to give you
some so who's that so some point motion
no it's so arrow face uh body
beaneasy more oh it's gone already so I
guess
here Oh
it doesn't lather
dude hey it don't lather what kind of
service get one it's shaving cream oh
you idiot screaming your body was not
anymore I'm not
hahaha oh my god damn is Christ
you already freakin solved my hair off
dude and it's gone I'm sorry you look
great though hon how dear Dinah gonna
put moisturizer on your face
how many something on my fucking head
help it grow back let's take a vitamin
oh I'm gonna really see now that I've
washed it eat some protein
are you filming yeah I made you see it
oh shit into bed no it's really cute you
look really good
can you tell I mean flake no flip it up
I can't see my head this way yeah way
worse now
oh no fun oh god it's fine it's nothing
to go back I feel like it will that time
I put the drilled my head and ripped my
hair out oh I still got a patch missing
oh no I'm a hunter sir okay oh no don't
talk to me no more
I'm scared now turn off the camera don't
want it it's all I'm scared now Mike I'm
serious
why are you but what if it doesn't go
bad yeah that's wrong no might not grow
back but you look really good in hats
Elliot oh so that's my new life uh well
like patch maybe
filthy little girl fag
and then like cut I gotta come out of
shower okay
all right I love you
all right I'm sorry
here's your towel so you face you tell
me you're not to hurry up at him
I'm not turning out the camera hey
what'd I do I think you're throwing you
something I'm drawing my fucked-up head
putting some lotion now you know you can
put it on my head too right yeah I'll do
that you need it huh I would have never
agreed if I knew it was gonna Jack my
hair up like that I want to ask for more
than 20,000 likes I would have sent like
30,000 but here we are
doesn't feel great though and her skin
yeah but my hair is not gonna go back
right oh my gosh what if it does that
but it won't head I'll rub it on my face
and get my hair done I will not don't
your face yet well take your hat off hon
I will I was gonna make a dramatic
moment about it Oh for the outro of a
fight oh no ok let's do ready to do it
my way
yeah let's do it your way ok just ignore
me yeah start over what did I say well
yeah well you know you guys wanted to
see it my hair cut with that medieval
device my car
sorry gig on what are you getting at you
fucking I just cancelled looking at your
Oh alright
I can't stop looking at your face okay I
don't give a fuck nice so my hair's
jacked up so that's that you guys got it
hope you're happy hope bridge out bridge
indeed I'm really happy like because of
me you have a flawless looking face now
okay who keeps up about the head face
this fucking marvelous
this is flawed I can't even tell anymore
I can maybe it's just good lighting I
don't you know I don't even think the
camera is picking it up as bad as it is
it's a lot worse in person that's the s
my folks goodbye oh quit like fuel pool
c'mon go tomorrow
that's not bad like what
for power
idiot little big I wish you would flip
why are you embarrassing me out here in
the parking lot like I do when you were
a kid you never did that's the problem
