what's going on you guys kick me out a
camera here right there and today I'm
saving your face with a single play no
forgot about that
no today is Monday we're not doing that
you are we are everyone click like stop
stop stop stop I'm cutting that out okay
I don't really mean today but I'm
cutting that out
no no stop for a second babe everyone
click like we have done how many of you
cook like let me check last time I
checked 11,000 because I'm Paul gonna
cut it out of the intro this is taken
entirely too long 14001 fuck new intro
now what's going on you guys kick me out
a camera here busy was he yeah right
there and today I just found out there's
14,000 like shit she's caught my ghost
with a razor that I use later please
okay fine later you might freak out
today is Monday and today we're going
over to Grandpa's house to play pokemons
go finally weather the weather is clear
doesn't look like it's gonna storm the
servers are up grandpa it's gonna take
an act of God to keep you from Pokemon
go today yeah I think you'll like it
you think he'll like is a fun game maybe
that would be crazy evolved something
blood the video is called anger up who
loves Pokemon go by the time you've seen
this ball you already know the title cuz
it's already up so whatever it is that's
how we felt about it yeah yeah and I
forget it no more intro let's get to
Grandpa's house let's play pokemon go
yeah yeah
bridgie is trying to get not going to
Grandpa's house that I can tell I just
feel like you're trying to play red dad
all day well I mean we have to play
pokemon go okay I'll go
you have to go okay yeah because I have
a feeling dad's gonna want someone to
drive around and play pokemon instead of
walking around and I could try to drive
his truck if you want but I can't do it
unless you want the video to be me dying
I don't think you don't want that right
no all right so we got to get that swing
up late okay just finished no you know
dad you could go out there and like talk
to him and stuff if I told you they'll
cut work you really think that yeah I'll
work we quit working when you go talk to
him what about you have you offer him
anything to drink
yeah I got the own drink it is true they
got the whole drink God how do you know
the Hat that's gonna bring him up
look at dad anyone know her name got one
drinks today on brixi then they got a
cool pool of water I guess I'm gonna be
about breakfast me would you make it
rice and beans I can't believe I got up
this early
does it have something fresh beans when
it's order the wings to cut an expensive
man
yeah dad did order the wings I like
these are two miles oh my 18 wing for
$20 come on man they're delicious wing
are they are they really that much no
they're not they're all dead look no
they're not they are another knot it was
like Bridget it's like I wouldn't call
call call call no I think you should
call 1818 wings with $20 and change
cotton has I'm sure Palmas out right now
Google search Pizza Hut Wayne straight
hey fucking bitch
Google search Pizza Hut wingstreet you
ready to marry
straight-up damn hot oh my god a big
bull right Hilary said it is this your
breakfast this gigantic ball of rice and
beans don't have supper to see you
annoying me man hey you want right you
wanted wins so you did eat you want
usual haha it ain't hot enough
apparently
I just had one quick question how much
are 18 wings all right thank you I'm not
gonna get I'm not gonna let you told the
truth for once he didn't lie that's
still not you my time a highway of
Putnam robbery it's a they're delicious
wait I gotta be honest Michael that is
expensive but it's worth it really good
wings they are very good wings they
would put on I don't have you had them
fuck off you don't have I was really
expecting her okay like wow and - oh
give me the face
it's good oh it's good called me down
hat is actually good I'll say taking all
the pizza and you got breakfast play as
long as you're happy you was having a
pig in shit hmm look I got a million
copies got me dad just come out with his
big bowl of hot be advised June 9 -
John's breakfast
no I'm good
so right now dad's watching hot
right now dad's watching them do all the
work to install his pool Thank You
Bridget and he's eating beans
what I think it's funny watching you eat
beans now you would even beans for a
while now well what about a vlog right
now gram okay don't look at me look at
the road
I don't want look at her look at you
right now grandpa and I are going to
look for some stairs for his poo then
you go Bob no I'm not
but as right
so right now we're going to get some
stares and unfortunately we're probably
not doing the Pokemon go video today
because of this pool slugs got really
angle busted no I'm not why you know I'm
still pissed because you freaking toward
the other one apart you wouldn't need
stairs if you didn't rip the other one
apart from here it was not too big you
tore it apart for firewood because you
decided to live in a tent look out dad
but you admittedly I'm worried about
telling you to look down
nigga becomes cat
he had dad a little getting into it
little help would be nice dad already
got it happy
so dad just got himself a deck for a
pool well right now it's starting a
starter deck yeah if you get something
to get them started and I think dad's
excited I am ambushed women what can I
do to help I don't know how
believing bridges
AJ film
we're gonna
stay out of your way
where did he love you I don't know dad
they gotta have sand this is the lover
hey come here doc doc yes she said it
was over by the cement well then you're
okay dad but saying here it
there's place and right there we're
right in front of your eyes how much is
it doesn't matter four dollars in four
bags this yeah get four bags that's for
the step you having fun jakey yeah he's
missed show / what's up you get a bad
name
geez II just don't say anything all
these eyes goddamn he done got four
three two yo fucking one hey hey I don't
know who is leak I think some just
poured on yeah I think that's it just
okay that's all we need boss we in a bug
yeah that one is leaking nose all right
that's good okay that's it we ready go
paid 10 for the afforda if I won't take
a gift okay
350 i'ma say 220 I'm saying about 325
how much is the wire Oh hold on Sega
City Sun one was 47 the breaker box was
almost 100 okay I'm gonna say about 275
300 I'll sit for 50 what do you say you
take it what's your guess 295
all right there's like prices right now
dollars be on guard
nope how you gonna pay for it dad okay I
wasn't gonna record it but if you want
to know him camera I told Dad everybody
I bought the pool he's got to pay for
the rest of bullshit you find all this
let's go yeah I didn't bring my wallet
look then you better go strip and go
Street let's go come on
you got your cash what I'm not to put it
back then Hey
I got okay okay we're good you know I
got right we're about where where'd you
need to water that small let's go yeah I
don't buy that for a second I don't buy
that huh I don't buy because I don't
have my wallet you know I'm not
believing that I will call the police so
call Bridget I'm bad see right now I'm
joking my god hi joking I went so blood
go blood sometime dude
you liar I'm gonna get a hit heat up oil
change so me I take Jay he sold his
blood to your life jay-z did that happen
yeah don't why you Jason loves me
goodbye love stuff they are lying to you
oh there are many feel but if he gets a
disease now after that needle
Jigga there's your fault you tell the
truth on you $50
anybody sell blood yeah see I already
know it's a lot just admit it it's not a
lot Mantha got so blood all right he's
lost on 50 bucks is he paying more no
I'll give you a hundred bucks to tell me
no yeah Jacob one nigga one he D prices
right at me anyone he's shining he said
290 I think I said 275 Jacob wind is
basically that's the way you win that's
like the equivalent doing $1
that's wonder what yeah I saw you don't
win nothing okay you gotta track well we
all got
my unit job change oh happy just give
the receipt and no change blah I got a
little drink thank you I think dad kept
the change give the receipt he did just
look he's gonna be duty that's what you
want go fly a kite
bye
I got the drink I got the break I got a
great gonna make you think whoa yeah
they will cause it can make you shit
your pants
that's not bad like what 38 and so well
panel this idiot
little big right I wish you would flip
why are you embarrassing me out here in
the parking lot cut your ass like I did
when you were a kid you never did that's
the problem
they were trying I would run around the
parking lot remember mother fell off the
damn hook he wasn't there for that
effort and yeah I'm dating school right
and Michael the door over the Micro
falls out and Michael Yudin cried it you
admitted you they don't like you anyway
well I'm about to leave I got whatever
you do you got work for me you got
people to do the work for you we got to
move this you got a lot of people over
there they don't want to do it will you
show me the pupar go come on God you're
my man
I just wanted to see before I get out of
here the progress I give you progress
and I need a thumbnail I'll give you
some the other side your fucking head
how's that how would you just pose for
the picture
you look dad okay seriously back away
from the hole dad get away from it i
doin nothin you're gonna fall you see so
ready for your pool yeah once you jump
in the goddamn water no stupid I was
being sarcastic I didn't get the photo
you a socket get the goddamn picture all
poor grandpa I think your poor grandpa
through my legs yeah bet that is a poor
grandpa between your legs porkchop what
I saw blood Damon what you did not as
his father shit you made me get you
could you even do it I really really
wanted to see that pool finish gettin
put up but it was just taking too long I
know right
so we're home long I'm not allowed to be
near this fuckin thing anymore anyway
we're home the pool it's crazy I woke up
at 10 o'clock this morning because I
thought everything cool Belle what's
wrong Bella I woke up at 10 o'clock this
morning thinking we're gonna play
pokemon go god I even told him where the
title the video is gonna be I don't know
I still don't know folks I mean Jesus
Christ I don't know if people even care
anymore
I don't know man I want to see the pool
buddy I'm about to go back tomorrow to
see it I was hoping to have a finished
product maybe be swimming by Wednesday
there's one part in the vlog that I
didn't include with the other stuff it's
just a really quick scene where dad
parked at a gas he said it was all
fucked up check this out so
I'm loving a parking job
you can ever go now I'm a film you are
out coming
somebody's alarms going up well that's
gonna be a fair day you guys thanks for
watching I was going to the Pokemon go
video and right when I got to dad's
house the freaking pool people showed up
and I was going to shave your beard but
the pool should happen it's this pool
thing put everything it's like do you
guys even want grandpa a new Pokemon go
anymore click like if you want to see it
and we'll do it I just want to make sure
it's something you guys want to see cuz
I don't know people still playing it I
know right I'm not its pokemons ghosts
still a thing click like if you want to
see grandpa play pokemon go and we'll
still do it oh right that again and then
witcher yeah oh you were addicted to
pokemon go on boy yeah I'm like a day oh
that's right there's one point where we
were driving in the car and I'm like
stop here Bridget anyway
I'm done with that game too Oh anyway
how many fun no I would still play it
again so we're gonna shave this tomorrow
so anyway that's gonna be a fritter day
you guys I don't know what the weather's
looking like tomorrow but we will shave
this not alright
I don't thinks it's gonna take too long
yeah I mean I probably can't actually do
it I've really hurt you and you're like
fucking slice my face up that's that I'm
trying to do what I can though thanks
for watching you guys
it is what it is hope you enjoyed the
ball it was a fun day guys click like if
I should cut Michaels hair with that
razor this is enough dude know you guys
and know I'm done with this
guys I'm fucking they're gonna fuckin
click like and it's gonna hurt it needs
to be an overwhelming amount of lights
from two actually
and can't do the whole haircut get shit
I'm really mad you've all fucking out
right now like my favorite please
subscribe to danger grandpa show Channel
she still use her fucking eyebrows gonna
kill me think I do what I gotta do I
just want to get us really as you wanted
the freakin clickbait Lonette I never
want you to try to stab me today
retry nothing
