what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here visualize here right there
hainted and today today we're going over
grandpa's and today angle grandpa's plan
pokey Mon go oh yeah oh yeah we're gonna
play at Friday and then is stormed we're
gonna play it yesterday and then it
stormed today we're playing Pokemon go
hopefully we can beat the storm another
storms coming yeah start all week how
about it I know I'm done nature go fuck
yourself
okay oh jesus oh another storm
yeah well all week you said I'll weep
well so another one tomorrow yeah this
sucks I'm afraid that our a/c units
gonna get struck by lightning don't say
that we were losing power left and right
I'm afraid oh this sucks we're gonna
deal with this all week now I'm just
finding yourself I'm pissed about it it
is what it is today is Sunday today
we're going over to Grandpa's house and
today I'm gonna get this into I though I
don't want to talk anymore because I'm
afraid of another storms gonna come and
I want to hurry this up we gotta get out
of here before it's too late I don't
thing to add let's go let's get this
almost a Friday let's get this Sunday
started it's all what it's Sunday yes oh
can I cover the lens oh I Cohen one well
we just got over a bad storm it looks
like it's gone it looks like crap
outside I was getting a little worried
that we would not be going to Grandpa's
house again so he would not be able to
play the Pokemon game but the storm has
passed
and we're gonna freakin play it of
course Bridget needs to hurry up cuz we
need to go before the Sun comes back we
got to go
she don't care dad I know you thought
the storm was gonna get you out of
playing Pokemon go nope you playing it
and I had nothing else to add
I thought spelling drinking water I
thought I had something to add to the
moment I thought I could keep talking I
don't I'm gonna stop it
run away to grandpa's Bella was just
drinking the water until I started
recording and then she was done with it
why you don't with the water Bella go
drink it's okay
she's like cameras filming me I'm not
gonna drink the water you can't have
that bowl of food that's lazy's me and
Bridget have just restarted watching
Breaking Bad we are on Episode two and
Bridget is really dragging ass are we
going to Dad's today she's using the
bathroom we going to Dad's oh oh you
locked the door smartass I wasn't coming
to the door now I am damn is a hurt that
bad uh hugs or let's take that back you
said there crying and laughing all the
toilet do you have complete you have
lost it you're crying and laughing ah
what the hell I'm pushing the couch in
front of the bathroom door find her in
between your shit I can't help you
Bridget
collide wants the help but he can't get
through
Cloyd mom was having a hard time casting
she needs help
come on Clyde help her Oh No
god help her come on Clyde yeah walk he
can't figure out a get through help man
look like somebody please look you yeah
I know did you have to eat oatmeal this
morning so I was just telling Bridget a
story and she wanted me to tell on vlog
it was funny so the other thing the
other day after we went and got the pool
and everything with anger grandpa me and
Dad went back out later on that night
and the vlog was already going up so I
didn't film anything but we decided to
go get something to eat it was this a
little bit was like a little diner that
we never heard of and dad has a thing
that he does I've talked about it before
on vlog but if something cost more than
he wants it to cost he'll pitch a bitch
and he'll show his ass so we're in the
place I get a cheeseburger and a hot dog
and a drink dad gets a cheeseburger a
hot dog in a drink and the total comes
up to 15 bucks
uh-huh-huh-huh
I know Karishma fucking place again he's
talking to the employee she's going uh I
never come back the dish fucking place
she hit slash money down and then of
course it starts like a chain reaction
because he's already pissed so he's
gonna hate the food no matter what it
was delicious by the way
I was like oh my god one of the best
cheeseburgers ever had in my life here's
dad how to use goddamn cheeseburger
I have put my goddamn mouth lousiest
motherfucking cheeseburger ever and of
course he calls me later on that night
that cheeseburger gave me massive
diarrhea no II didn't know it did it dad
just kid it's just funny every time dad
gets fit huh yeah you could do it too
hey-oh
huh alright me embrace are about to
improv a scene you ready uh-huh
alright welcome
welcome to Burger King how can I take
your order ah idealize my cheese okay
it's a large number one with cheese yeah
I wish so for my belly wise okay would
you like a drink
value-wise play hard
just give me coke but excuse me just
give you a coke okay okay that's one
coke it's a large number one with a coat
yeah you would get uh four double cheese
face okay that's a large number one with
a coke and four double cheeseburger is
that gonna be all yeah okay your total
is gonna be 937 huh 937 huh excuse me
huh
uh hope to the first window you've had
worse goddamn fish it was a good
impression oh yeah hello this ding one
yeah you know I'm here you did not make
your payment last month of the month
before I would really like to repossess
your washing machine now sir huh you
know that they never showed up they
always do it over the phone so you gotta
be fine now I'm here yeah restart it
call me on the phone just a ring ring
ring ring ring and I answer it hello
uh yes sir charles greane bear we need
to repossess two refrigerator no yeah
Michael this one's for you by the way
this is exactly how it happened yeah
hello oh yes Charles great yes alright
yeah I get you missed last month's
payment in the month before you need to
make those two payments or who the fuck
is dish uh who would I be
all right I'm ready Center if you don't
make the payment sir we we have to come
I'll pay Deb you know you didn't listen
bitch I paid that goddamn bill yeah you
didn't sir
well you shall get the motherfucker
who's that dad
brinda thinner Oh anybody got some
clothes they won't wash they better do
it next ten minutes take me to get the
motherfucker this is for a refrigerator
fridge yeah oh oh
anybody got a cold drinks do you want to
get him some ice yourself they better
get into the next ten minutes to come to
get fridge told you I wasn't home I told
you a white fucking home I'm sorry dad
you gonna be sure when you cooling you
guys you'll be sorry when you're
chipping up ice cubes from your asshole
Kakui drinks oh yeah and that would
happen all the time if you piss them off
you're worthless bitch which for no
reason or the price is too high or worth
they don't set the prices pop you know I
wish like let me give you a discount
yeah that's not gonna work oh oh well
look miss like this is what are you
expecting me your totals gonna be 975
huh yes sir 975 huh
yes that's to god they're mud okay
Oh your new toes will be $2.75 all right
I see you the first time
well we were gonna play pokemon go with
grandpa today but the servers are down
so it looks like dad looks like you've
been spared another day you don't have
to lie Pokemon gonna hang up a Pikachu
no I will hope newbie today hopefully
tomorrow otherwise we just ain't doing
it it's too long the way any working
with a ruler damn thing it just doesn't
work
piece of shit or this doesn't retry yeah
it's been doing that Oh
that's what has been doing we did it bud
so servers are down
no Pokemon go for anger grandpa tomorrow
hopefully all right you got to catch
them all you can't just catch some of
them catch what the Pokemon whoa is more
right behind Bob will you stop it
asshole
there I can call this vlog grandpa's got
to catch them all
I don't know kid Pokemon kissed cold
drunk kid you got a corn please bring
her ass and they got if there's one
thing that burns grandpa's ass it's a
stove well dad looks like hitting retry
did nothing of your shit I don't care
about anyway thank you damn live it's
anybody yeah you thought I hit retry
would work wait nobody does how long I'm
gonna stay in here we're obviously not
playing it today why cuz it don't work
fix it what my computer expert I don't
know
good god a Buick Canada get over hey get
off of it we'll see if that works
no he's watching cuz he think that's
gonna work
nope still loading okay fine we don't
does it tomorrow tomorrow we'll play it
tomorrow tomorrow's a day oh well looks
like tomorrow is winter playing Pokemon
go I really wanted to play it today it's
getting later and later running out of
time oh well I'm more pissed off than
you are okay he doesn't want to play you
know being that you don't want to play
it so much it makes me wanna make you
you gotta get on that page about knock
your ass out
I'm joking I'm kidding you know what
maybe you got my man you must want a man
Michael is a man I'm a man let's find
out right now all right
wait would it you look better than ice
make a man I do what bang God dude yes
kill me
may God do a man guy dude I just want to
get us really as one of the freakin
clickbait thumbnail I didn't want you to
try to stab me to death
retry there nothing shows in there boy
my knife sharper than you or a knife
ain't doing nothing well boom so I'm
sorry you guys I know we're gonna be the
pok√©mons go video so yeah I've caught
me a bogey man that what I've done
either yet oh my god I'm you're so gay
man rude okay
is that make you feel better you're
gonna corn hey good what none poking
that why are you calling a Pokemon could
you do like one why do all my nice honey
always my right to a knife cuz I have
put in places now
but no man okay it really is good
Michael does this make me a bitch for
backing up yeah why are you backing up
looking for Buffy he's he's gonna hit ya
if you like okay he was gonna saw me the
face my god you can't fuck up
what sorry I don't got it before there's
a bucket of it I'm gonna leave your
house okay my phone Bridget Bridget
forget about you go smash it rigidly
stone they spur on your hat please don't
smash it it's over there with him can I
have the phone
ball-ball him do not call Paul Heyman
Elzy Paul bought him it's not gonna work
that way no way hey that was a COBOL
editor first of all a Serie it was on my
hand
oh that's under my face sorry about that
sorry about that virgin huh son of a
bitch so get off of me I'm leaving
fucking homophobe I don't know me wipe
the shit off one on word okay Laurie why
is blurry on blur there we go
we're adding more shaving cream for the
thumbnail go ahead grab the razor
