what's going on you guys get me on a
camera here for Josie Yeah right there
and today today and today we're gonna
see finding dory
hopefully yonder yes sir we're gonna go
see finding Dory in the storm did we
ruined it you know we are seeing it I've
been wanting to see it so bad we're
going today fingers crossed we're gonna
take the family hopefully Mike I'm
trying to get grandpa to go to the
movies I doubt it but anyway he's
deciding anyway he's invited but I don't
think is gonna go however we do have
something we got to do before the movies
what shave I would go after the movies
asteroid after what if I freak out or
something okay she's afraid her facial
nerve I got will do it after the movies
know better
yeah or shaving the bearded lady today
folks oh my stop it if you didn't see a
vlog we put up yesterday I told you guys
a click like because Bridget thinks she
has a beard and we're gonna shave it
today dude look at it okay let's see we
can find it okay I do kind of see some
peach fuzz so today we're shaving the
bearded lady you ready for that that's
pretty embarrassing but yeah now it's
very common guys so we can dispel the
rumor I know what you were afraid of the
theory is that if you shave that comes
back thicker and fuller and darker
that's not true Gillette dispelled that
rumor themselves you're not gonna go a
thicker beard because you shaved it
it's a obviously a fallacy it's not true
it's a myth and I mean it's like I was
thinking do it do i what Oh
tardy talking so we're gonna go see
finding doors do not shut up I don't
like my shake its flipped against me
you're the like a knight oh my god so
anyway we're gonna oh my god no you
gotta go let's go no we're gonna go
anywhere yet let's get what's today oh
god if you're wondering what we're
shaving Bridget with we're gonna use
these um I'm gonna know my face yeah
touching my face well I wasn't getting
the shock and I don't know what's going
on with this scissors Hey what what no
more I'm not even filming them I know
you're filming oh you are no I'm going
just put it on me gosh thanks you know
I'm sorry yeah I thought I called you
got it you go I'm not a fucking finger
I'm sorry that was really funny though
no it was not that was so funny I was
it's okay to laugh about it shut up fuck
up
angry much so very mad at you I'm sorry
yeah just cry can't come near this thing
no more I just stopped being a human
just kidding let's go to the fuckin
movies look at Charlie can I get two
tickets or Luke gots to fit up she looks
to that at 3:30 right so we're sitting
here at the arcade the movies James
driving boy
we should try it over there try to pry
that winners cube machine we'll try that
first let's watch them play
everybody
am i distracting you Johnny came in
seventh seventh place
you want Jacob to beat Johnny drive
buddy driving man he just rocked me my
cool say it again
a guy like you can't oh my oh yeah okay
now just get deep Wow you know that's
blowing bell fighting actually going for
the fire stick yes I think is worth
about a hundred bucks
yeah well it's worth one not two is
worth $1 it's worth $1 we'll try once
but not twice
don't let me down
oh I think you got it go laughs yeah
what happened how do you get it home do
you you were just this much of away from
it there's no way I think I man don't
take credit cards a gypsy I don't think
I have we might be able to help oh man
wah-bah we lost Jacob the losers
hey like that I'm still a winner though
that's my I will just shake it no no no
to go yeah dude eyes well the geico
we're in the movie guys I know it sounds
crazy but put Raisinets in your popcorn
I'm serious it is the best it's really
good like I'm over here eating like
Oliver Michael Blake legendary donnas
don't miss a single one so finding dory
time I got it off well we just got out
of finding Dory by the way my tongue is
numb
Kylie's as almost had like a list my
tongue is numb goes eating a lot of sour
candy during finding dory so what'd you
guys think of it good we loved it the
adult in me was disappointed with the
lack of realism but I realized how
stupid that sounds what I'm talking
about a movie were talking fish and all
that so I get it
but okay this this lisp from my numb
tongue is driving me crazy
so which think about it J subbed you
said you loved it almost cried did you
cry no Jacob yeah what part did you cry
out yeah that was that I didn't cry
are you emotionless why and JC's just
oughta act too cool for school this girl
first came to school for school I said
yeah so right now trolley can't find us
at the party one
you
ah I saw you walk over like that way
like here we go we're just going back up
cuz it's hard to get in oh yeah I saw
you walk by all zoomed in you didn't
even mess with me no we didn't we say
where we were you just walked over there
yeah I figured I assume you know we
parked right in front of the area so
well you ready for tomorrow
what's more Pokemon go yeah it's so fun
well could you play a game yeah you're
gonna play against your sub tomorrow
grandpa's gonna play pokemon go you
asked for it you gonna get it they kind
of begged for it
what is Pokemon go I don't want to
explain anything until tomorrow it's a
game you'll love it you'll find out
tomorrow okay we'll see I don't do it
with games I know this one I want to
give away too I can't talk to him about
it because I want him to be surprised
pokey minute I like that little thing
cars used to giving you a kid yeah but
they turned it digital they still do
dish it was come back in faded for a
while now it's back in a big way in a
fun way if she it's the iStent is that a
blow the two guys walking off the cliff
yeah and you want me to play I'm sorry
I'm gonna lead you to any cliffs you
could did that even really happen I
don't even know like it could be like a
bullshit's or being spread across
Facebook blast on the comments did you
people really walk off a cliff playing
Pokemon and somebody walked into a river
tell have you've got dead body when
wasn't why she's still how she does
she's in the river like still point you
realize you what did you kill people
then leave the people there to sit by
them what does that mean so far they
don't got two bodies for Pokemon go
Pokemon I'm doing this bullshit I think
that's the media trying to scare people
from more video games I'm not gonna
spoil no more you'll play pokemon
tomorrow you will catch them all catch
you
that's the thing gotta catch em all
gotta catch em all gotta catch em all
that's all we're saying and if you
rehearse it that says oh yeah satan all
hail satan all hello
Oh
I do it as you know illness really I am
nobody
if you reverse they've gotta catch em
all song you'll say uh I'm say no he'll
say no he'll say it is just it is that
you're just catching digital creatures
now it's out of control
you ready to play some Pokemon which I
don't know if you know but Pokemon it's
really fun is Day of the Dead language
for you will die playing this I mean I
mean it's not a plane issue it's not
true yo you may get me get it yeah of
course I did
why are you trying to kill me for you
don't believe that so tomorrow grandpa
plays Pokemon go tomorrow you ready for
that nod will you can make me do it
anyway absolutely definitely would you
do it during a damn - mom we're done
turn it off
turn her out well we're back from the
movies and it's time to shave that'd be
okay
you know you got something even diapers
around she does this all the time dude
I know you let that diaper don't promise
why are you leaving your diapers in the
air I'm not okay I'm not filming so say
it's not my diaper
it's your Tyson god no I'm just kidding
you guys you don't need saving can use
the shaving cream no women do not use
shaving cream for their face whatever
it's not very good
okay what about your face as a joke
though I'm not really using I don't
cares that anyway this is funny here
presenting my hand I'll add some to my
face sorry sorry about that Bridget Oh
son of a bitch
I'm sorry wrapping me I'm leaving fuck
it I won't film
I don't film it fuck you wipe this shit
off my arm bridge okay Laurie why is
this blurry on blur there we go we're
adding more shaving cream for the
thumbnail go ahead grab the razor now
you gotta get like cocky look like shit
all right it's funny here hand here now
let's find a thumbnail well you always
insist on making these faces for our
thumbnails maybe cross your eyes cross
them oh my god
I didn't even get it Oh God goofy face
hi goofy enough that the razor is not
closing up now that might be what I need
a better look than that Oh God so this
is the razor Burgess using what is this
you go and cut ankle it's recommended
looks like a fucking prison shank the
fuck don't touch the blade sharp
Oh No my face to break out I'm scared of
that don't want to overheat ah yellow
one go and drop it yeah I don't stress
what's on my counter oh my face cannot
break out Michael kind of funny I was
reading up on my phone and apparently it
actually does score back darker and
thicker especially on women yeah it yeah
shaving your face put these little red
specialty razors it caused it to go back
darker and thicker you already done it
now it won't be like it'll be like my
facial hair
come on shave it what's wrong are you
serious
I'll try like ugly or something you're a
man
won't you shave your face
yeah I can see where I will grow but I
want to cry right now I'm joking it's
not true god you're gonna cry thank you
listen if it grows back darker and
thicker just shave it again and you'll
still be with me are you serious of
course not
I'm not dating a bearded lady are you
gonna cry I'm joking
Hey look at me you know you just cut
yourself shaving right did I
look you freaking cry yourself oh good
don't touch it I don't want to freak out
he's already breaking out your face is
broken out dude you got patches of scat
right there you'll see it but this is a
bad idea I'm really regretting right now
you gonna cry again Bridget you've got
to chill it's a joke hey I'm joking you
weren't too sensitive about this it's
not real it's not really not right now
yes and if you were which want me to
tell you I'm joking I'm joking Bridget
you're not breaking out but you will
with my dirty shirts on your face and
the new and improved bearded lady looks
exactly the same she didn't have any
beer no way feel it I am it's soft now I
need to wash my face and take a shower
get up you know I'm gonna prank you or
you shower no you're not
what's up something on you whether it's
a bottle of piss or a bag of shit
you went do that I'm gonna break your
face out with a bag of shit
you ain't do it I don't know why that
would mean I don't support you I don't
know
yeah yeah all right
sure go well that's gonna be it for
today you guys thanks for watching
had a pretty good day went to the movies
shape the bearded lady over here Michael
oh my gosh I really want to try that
razor on your bird no come on this whoa
let me do a strand
I'll go get there is no Bridget I'm not
doing it I'm not one do it Michael
you're not touching that little dainty
razor on the show take our oh my gosh
flies click like if you want me to use
that little tiny razor on Michael's face
come on what autism Oh
oh my god hmm it's probably I'm cutting
it out the bone no I won't watch oh
that's gonna be no man let me see it
light test we'll see you you work on
your face alright look smooth now as
smooth as your dare say that I cannot
believe you just wash your mouth I'm
gonna get out of here thanks for
watching you guys like subscribe
favorite fun everything Forge it was and
that's it oh my gosh you know I feel
like I should elaborate a little more
about women shaving their face why
because nobody gives a shit
hey somebody let's listen to this
lecture okay guys so don't shave your
face by the way do not take what bread
you did do not try it all because I
don't know what's gonna happen I'm
carving there wins again haha I don't
like this
because
nothing legal okay
