what's going on just get her back what's
going on you guys kick me out a camera
here Bridget I see Yeah right there and
today it's brother Friday fuck Friday I
was trying to do the whole intro with
this new hat with pens I want to pin it
to your head what I want to pin it to
your head pin it
I want to pin this hat to your head with
what um pens no thanks
my god I don't want to spend to my head
are you serious damn brah what's going
on you guys get me on a camera here my
hair looks like crap can't be ID camera
here for Z yeah right there and today is
fuck Friday and today we're not doing
nothing
it's average Friday now I'm it oh hell
yeah
this way you know I touch the camera
more okay so what'd you get go good
bingo never touch the camera again you
know don't tell me what to do first I'm
not touching it
touching okay yeah I'm hold the camera
like this today no let's get this day
started
I don't know we had to pull the camera
to record those if I record everything
on okay guys you ready for this
monumental moment here framing right
this is your cinematic experience right
a Brigitte yes let's go to the movies
tonight I want to see finding Dory my
god what
I'm already first of all was that you're
like dabble into acting yeah I want to
go see finding Dory your robot okay guys
folks we talked two minutes ago by going
to the movies and we already established
we're
he goes everyone to know that we are
gonna see finding dory so you can't just
talk you got to make a sound like that
let's go see finding Dory says like I
asked Siri nice LOC finding dory I can't
act okay so there's no need to even do
this I just wanted everyone to know was
there any reason to act out a scene
where they decide to go to the movies
okay Bridget we're going to the movies I
want to see finding dory
oh man you I was I can't even see no an
actress you are not oh my god hey Briggs
you want to go to the movies let's go
see finding dory
you can't be serious it okay if
Hollywood came to you more like hey
birds we need you at a movie is that how
you would do it what is wrong with that
hang on let's go see finding Dory oh
fuck look let's go see finding Dory I
mean it's not that hard
no I really it's like a line I'm
remembering in my head hey I don't know
what to tell you man what move do you
want to go see finding Dory okay that's
how you do it
now see let's go see finding Dory let's
go see finding Dory oh go on
try me all right okay this is how you
act surprised just come up to me asking
so Michael what do you want to see hey
hey I wasn't good either wise I'm not
good either am i you're not really good
actor h-hi again though you might that
was embarrassing
we're cutting that out all right that's
my surprise
Oh Michael is that surprised enough okay
right are you gonna come up to me yes
Michael oh yeah Bridget let's go she's
fighting yeah Michael yeah finding dory
sounds good okay no you thought that was
good no come on I asked me what movie
we'll go see how about finding dory that
was good right nothing riedle did even
whenever
that's a question it was bad oh yeah
you're shit I'm good though try it again
hey Michael let's go see a movie hmm
finding dory that was good
look my whole point was Bridget's a few
minutes ago I was like hey you want to
go see finding door of it just like yeah
okay that sounds pretty good and then
turns on the camera and then starts I
don't understand what you don't get like
I just really wanted everyone to know
that we're gonna see finding dory yeah
but it's like you wanted me to redo the
whole bridge II won't go to the movies
we already had that conversation none of
us are actors so it look if we try so it
looks like that yeah look what you did
oh yeah me you know us swayin it was
longer acting skills so oh my gosh you
know no matter how bad I was I'll never
be as bad as Bridgette was during our
truTV interview oh yeah I'm pretty sure
I'm pretty sure we talked about this
before man one time truTV came over to
go an interview with us and Bridgette
was so bad that they fucking called me
like two days later like yeah we're just
not gonna use it
so Bridgette was so bad that they threw
us off a truTV whose it was the firework
in the shower and Bridgette was like I
lit the fireworks like you let the
fucking fireworks that's what you did
she was so bad that true to you was like
punk bitch no it was just I can't I
don't know I can't do it maybe the
problem was the guy was like asking her
like so tell me but you can't repeat
what happened yeah let me ask you a
question would you have for breakfast
this morning
nothing okay so if it was true TV hey
bridge what'd you have for breakfast
this morning net number nothing
not nothing what I don't know where
sucks
he stop it you stop it
well guess is not going to the movies
after all whoa I didn't catch it big
lightning bolt right behind ya I'm
scared why I storms are scary so we're
sitting out here and watching the storm
I don't get struck by lightning
I don't want our house to catch fire
we're not going to go inside because we
got no freaking power go inside you got
going on there's fucking stuff going on
battery so what tree is it falling yeah
for scared bridges okay go back in now
no I just wish it why are you so scared
I'm gonna get shot so you will get you
want to sit in the dark
I'd rather sit out here and take my
chances
our business off mother nature make us
stop it please stop and one little arm
anyway please stop what's gonna happen
to what did he get straws
I won't wear the one in a million chance
no while it happens I did rain girl more
lightning strikes happens and Lisa okay
stop it get in let's go in what's gonna
happen to me nothing if we think fast
anyway the problem I didn't wanna kill
up water
haha I don't like this right because
legal okay
Michael stop it please stop it please
stop it get off hey go don't come on I
don't like this stop it
oh yeah I am really nice that was a big
when did you catch it
I think so that wasn't funny yeah get up
I want to go in I'm sorry okay
you're like I was about to call
nine-one-one I really want I don't
believe you I just couldn't tell it I I
couldn't tell if you were serious or not
well I was I got struck by lightning
just now no you did it
close that door Oh God geez oh god damn
fuck it I'm trying Mego stop it why do
you want to die what are you waiting for
huh
what are you waiting for now I stopped
exactly stop it rain rain Oh instant mac
and cheese what I wish you're an instant
mac and cheese you wish we have instant
why I'd like instant mac and cheese
that's what you're thinking about right
now during this giant storm we're
missing the movie we got no power and
you want instant macaroni and cheese
okay think I can make it to Walgreens
what what are you going to cook it in we
got no power longer 'total gonna power
either oh that's hard
what that's drastic park why don't we
always do that I don't know what is it
that I'm thinking of I don't know oh oh
that's drastic park link the celebration
thing Oh
oh yeah isn't it maybe power we got our
power back well oh I'm sure it's our
dance they call me fancy feet oh that is
such a cute little name huh
can't you tell fancy feet oh you're so
cute you're melting my heart yeah that's
my nickname and uh college fancy feet
green hey Dan we'll go cuz I dropped out
I'm fuckin drop out Oh kids use this as
your inspiration stay in school or end
up like me dancing like this and being
fat Sam school to be honest though I'd
rather be like you I mean why cuz you're
awesome a big fat loser with brown teeth
appear dad
big fat loser nobody called me fancy
feet look at this I can't not a Mona I'm
not fancy feet being you would be super
cool though that's the thing nobody
wants to be me
no but seriously guys stay in school
stay in school or be like me no stay in
school feels like ah went to school I
did you guys gonna call it I know
so make your fucked eyes who I hate well
excuse me in advance if the screen
starts fogging up I'm doing this outside
which maybe I'd be smart enough to do it
inside but I'm out here I just found out
the news out here and I want to do it
out of here
so right now it's breaking news that
Brock Lesnar has failed the UFC's
anti-doping policy um and I would be
hypocrite if I didn't address brock
failing the Wellness Policy while Jon
Jones
failed it and I said what I said now if
you remember I gave Jon Jones the
benefit of the doubt because we don't
know it was just happen to be that it's
like his third time and with anyway
having said all that um you got to give
Brock the benefit of the doubt here he
could fail that test with an excedrin
Extra Strength because of the caffeine
in it you know so you don't know what it
is as somebody who's met Brock and you
know on a kind of know him basis I don't
take him as that kind of a person I've
heard him directly speaking out against
it privately so I don't think that Brock
is the kind of guy that would you know
take performance-enhancing drugs and so
right now when I don't like seeing is
how everybody on Twitter WWE star uses
performance-enhancing drugs to win at
UFC the guy is an absolute fucking beast
okay he tested clean and his other
fights when he won the UFC title when he
beat Shane Carwin when he beat Randy
Couture when he beat Frank Mir it's like
you can't jump on the guy just because
he failed the thing once he's going to
have it retested we're gonna find out
what happened let's relax let's give him
the benefit of the doubt it's just like
you know Jon Jones we had to give the
guy the benefit of the doubt and he's
failed like three times now this is
Brock's first violation of it he was
exempt a little bit from it because
such a close fight he didn't accept the
fight until like two weeks before UFC
200 so we don't know what it is so we
got to give them the benefit of the
doubt we got to see what happens and I
just wanted to give my opinion on it
Brock is a monster no matter frickin
what so the Beast incarnate has my
benefit of the doubt just like that
storm is over earlier we had a
hellacious storm I kept us from going to
the movies and I was just beautiful and
perfect outside that's a good shot of
the sky Bridget it is a very pretty sky
tonight the calm after the storm
crickets chirping and pickle boy he's
pissed off cuz they didn't see finding
dory oh my god oh you think that's funny
for some reason Bridget seems to think
she has a beard I don't know what it is
she is like I was gonna tell these
people about that I was she was all
dirty she's about to cry no beard maybe
she wasn't gonna cry but she's a guy got
a beard so tomorrow she's tomorrow she
says she wants to shave her beard so
click like if you're me to film it
quickly he told me to film the bearded
lady click like and we're doing it if
they want to see it they click and like
you are so me we gotta have a bunch of
likes to do this cuz she won't let me to
do it unless there's an overwhelming
response click like it we go we gonna
show the bearded lady she's gonna go
with fucking shaving cream see bearden
lady shaves her face boom well that's
gonna be a fair day you guys thanks for
watching had a long day we were gonna go
to the movies didn't go because the
storm knocked the power off and it was
we tried driving to the movies at one
point I didn't record it but the rain
was
is crazy I was like let's get back home
I'm terrified I know we left to it I was
just scared like my car was gonna like
it struck by lightning anyway
it was terrifying to be on guys so
anyway I'm gonna get out of here thanks
for watching you guys click like for the
bearded lady oh they're gonna watch you
shave that face oh my gosh let me look
at my face oh I don't even see it
Mike was right it's all oh god I don't
got time to deal with this feeling you
know and this is done being spoken up so
I'm gonna get out of here thanks for
watching like subscribe favorite follow
everything for to us and that's it
bearded lady I love you guys you're just
like no
I'm outing at the Agra
there's no Pokemon and all apart really
oh my god
