what's going on you guys kick me on a
camera here for us yeah right there and
today that was Shannon I don't like
doing it together and today stop saying
what I'm gonna say what is today um
Thursday Thursday Tuesday Tuesday Kenny
it's Thursday Thursday today what day is
it
it's Thursday Siri what's today Siri
what's today
you were saying you fucking dumb bitch
what is today it's Thursday July 14th
okay sixteen theory I would like to
personally think Rockstar Games and Red
Dead Redemption for giving me temporary
memory loss cuz I don't know what's
going on today is Thursday and today I'm
not playing the game until later because
we got stuff to do like taste Pokemon
when I'm not playing Pokemon she's been
trying to get me to play pokemon all day
I don't want to do it why are you so
like a help it'll be quiet everyone says
it's so fun and stuff I want who are you
trying to lose weight she's trying to
get me to go and lose weight save no I'm
not
I know no I love you
so your mom's life in an afterlife you
love me sir sleeping afterlife okay I
will ensure for a second Jesus I'm in
love with you I do want to play pokemon
oh Clyde's got scissors Oh Clyde he
knows you can't mess with scissors Oh
God what Bell Pacino what is with you
dogs good you guys don't like being
alive what you guys cannot play with sir
oh you cannot you can't have this No hey
whoa you cannot have scissors
look at miss Pritchard look what he did
to him because Claud you can't have
scissors okay you were bad and clods got
a hot spot oh listen Clark he's got
another hot spot on top of his he you
can't have scissors though Bridget take
these I'm throwing the trash we're about
to leave to an Olive Garden right now
everybody else is out the car but before
we went I wanted to show these we're
just grandma brought them for me yeah
let's get a cute little picture meet
some flowers oh my gosh it's actually
really cute ha oh my god of the
fluorescent lighting for this I am
cropping this picture you know here we
go ready yeah all right no she brought
in for Bridget but she brought in for us
this is me this is like if I was like
hidden it's like people can share this
on Facebook can you spot the boy you
know what I mean bridge link yeah
doesn't can you find a snake yeah
they'll never find me look can you spot
the boy dude I don't see you share this
on Facebook I don't see you anymore I am
holy crap yes if we pok√©mon's oh holy
crap I think they are gotta catch him
all at the mall that pump your honor ooh
yeah pokey pokey choo-choo I was my
Ichigo no Evan it's not cheesy I'll pick
a shoe that I'm on please slow down at
this turn yeah we're right here
Oh city's been driving car you don't
want to use my phone to have it burn up
the minutes
you know you still got minutes Evelyn I
mean you know what I'm saying
she take her battery out of her phone
every night in charge I have two
batteries one is her charger thing does
not work in her phone no she's been
doing this for what a year now I might
be doing it for another year I don't
know I'm getting tired and she says she
didn't put her glasses on like super
fool that sounded the Scoob right
so right now Cindy is playing pokemon go
come on
well you gotta walk over there and rub
their meal when you're at spoken out
that's the only way you got to go catch
em all is it I think they'll get mad are
you really flying with Mongo yes sure
Oh Roger this is out of control your mom
is playing quickly one go I found it
well he could chew ties ever to search
what uh-oh
what is that as for joining the Olive
Garden Club okay
she's trying to show us and she gets
herself a free appetizer dessert oh wow
how so very self-serving of you I'm glad
you'll have your free dessert with the
rest of us oh no I for me I get ringing
magic daddy I always talk about the
catch and capture that's right
Symbian played Pokemon go what I can't
GPS signal not found to your location on
oh is that why maybe
oh one second Spanish we're all gonna
trade with calm down wait I think you
need to do it a little louder so I can
really get there yeah do the thumbnail
you're watching are you getting this
yeah how was that I was not wait to crab
the subject oh let's try again this is
the trick I do too dad
okay forget it I'm done with it haha oh
my gosh huh shit it was recording it I
thought it was sick poor thing
I'm adding a tiara
there's no Pokemon and all apart really
oh my god what about the card online
Marty Oh generates Cindy they're not
really here in the restaurant you know
that wait they're not it you know
they're just little digital pictures
that I just catch crabs ones
oh I hate this game virgin you better
find a Pokemon I want to catch it
they're nowhere dude this a big waste of
time this game may hit my fucking car
plane no you're not were in a parking
lot okay this is why you literally don't
see nothing look it's nothing on the
screen
I wanted me pokemons it's like what is
here pokemons not one thing there's many
Pokemon I don't play the game and I know
that Jimmy I know it's virtual oh okay
it's not what I meant
so you can't meet pokemons because
there's many pokemons oh this is my
problem if dad's gonna play pokemon and
he has he's a phone he's gonna fucking
break in I hate the game he's not using
my phone I need your swimmers you don't
use a mine are we leaving no we're just
coming Michael okay I meant I thought we
were I wanted to go to bars you know I
didn't say no well let it go what you
see
this is what happens they don't want me
to know how to read oh my gosh carful
bitches so do you want to go the
bookstore or not no I know I'm not
worthy of reading book anyone borrow you
see that's a big go fuck yourself
Michael
so tomorrow that's pretty funny he
misses your grandma's all over my ass
she's gonna bullshit that I don't know
how to read and I don't need to learn oh
yeah I need to learn how to read
so right now we're watching Penn &
Teller fool us and there's this guy he
did a trick like it okay how the hell'd
he do what Evelyn guy goes in the toilet
and he's freaking gone how do you know
you have an answer Cindy I'm thinking
this might take a minute where did he go
he's still stuck up in the he's in the
top and bottom part of the toilet he's
in both parts of the toilet both parts
right yeah how big Lou you're not
important to the toilet there's just no
way maybe the background that they have
I think there's a cover right there you
saw him walk by it though I states
contort it into the toilet there's no
way he's kids bored in the toilet why
he's in the toilet he's not in the
toilet the way he's in the freakin
toilet what he's a contortionist he a
contortionist but he cannot be in the
toilet head is here and his back has
bent upwards as legs are in this no no
you know how this guy runs around what
if it's the actual guy running
somehow I don't think it it's him Oh
Michael where you going no no stop it I
was such a bad guess he's in the toilet
no he's not he's not in the toilet so
maybe a guy did run behind him in there
now there's an answer maybe we should
watch it again he's in the toilet there
he's not and he did not condone or until
toilet what are the wreath at matches
that background okay so we don't want
him or Bridget he snaked his ways right
there oh no he is not sure he's okay
he's not
he's in the toilet good Tantra Michael
the only answer is Oh Michael
that's turbo fee yeah I'm getting out of
here everybody wanted meetings in the
toilet now oh I don't think you I think
you need to go sit on a toilet
are you guys getting monkey where's my
hug are you kidding yeah Bridget I told
you they loved me more nobody cares
about me all right
Llewelyn Oh do you want to come back for
your hug virgin thing oh he goes people
it is wrong goodbye you like my
boyfriend
Oh dead girl I be I'm the new grandkid
you're the husband oh you're out
bye you guys go play pokemon and give
some fall over the toilet thank you guys
cuz I'm think he's in it
I don't think we're gonna watch it all
night I'll tell you that
did I so I don't know if you can see it
but right now it is raining and
completely sunny when do you ever see
this virgin I know that's so cool
I don't think the cameras picking it up
I hope no Bella's eaten grass
stop doing that fella so that toilet
trick got my head all messed up man
yeah I don't understand how it happened
I don't know like he's definitely not in
the toilet if you guys know what he did
let us know in the comments below how
did this guy disappear from that toilet
so quick cuz it's messing with my head
hardcore I don't know what's going on
yeah yeah I don't understand it it's up
is down right us left left is down I
don't know what's going on no more wife
ain't the same no more after that trick
shut up and enjoy the sunny rain I don't
like the sunlight right now I can't see
now
so like with your eyes closed
I was thinking about it so we went to
Olive Garden it was a pretty good time
as you guys saw I was you know having a
little fun with Bridget's mom and
grandma but they know it's all joking
and it's you know it's just just have a
little bit honestly
they love you more than they love they
do but like if one of if bruh if me or
Bridget both needed a kidney I'd get it
no way I'd get it that's not you know
you might give em over like well Bridget
ah I love you but we can't lose Michael
no everytime you my mom go out and with
my grandma they're always like where's
Michael
cuz it's dull without me no they just
love you so much
yeah okay feelings not mutual Oh joking
huh
what Kenna Paul that's it she getting a
stomach rub huh look at her I'm trying
to get bridge to the outro for 10
minutes now pause the game I'm standing
in front of it you can't still see it
pause it
you're gonna fucking work off your
whores stallion yeah I will make sure
mostly attached the stallion either we
do the outro right now or I will play
the frickin game while you're asleep and
make sure stallion falls off a cliff
then save over every game file so he's
gone forever
well that's gonna be it for today guys
thanks for watching pretty good day I
started playing Pokemon go because I
need to learn how to play before grandpa
plays that because if he's gonna have to
use one of our phones I need to walk him
through it so he doesn't break it cuz
he's not using mine he's using your
phone honey it no Bridget no anyways why
would I let him use my phone what about
the spare he has at the or that's yours
too can we not use that is that Jesus
cry
man look I'm gonna get out of here take
care about that pain I'm gonna get out
of here thing I'm sorry for doing that
haha I covered her mouth so anyway I'm
gonna get out of here had a good day at
I had a good time with your family
good I don't know how the trick happened
had a good time at Olive Garden played
Pokemon go at Olive Garden I cut out of
the vlog couch and sort of here real
quick
at one point Evelyn told me I was full
of shit coming out of the vlog because
you couldn't really understand what it
was very loud in there but check this
out so zeppoles or vince by my dad 2003
what happens is countless little snack
bag and he accidentally fried the
building fell in powdered sugar and we
sold the rights to oliver my phone
my god your fall hey chels push it no
Evelyn I'm not full shit you're bullshit
I'm just I'm gonna get here Oh funny you
said it oh my gosh could click like if
you enjoyed the vlog smack the like but
it will keep doing more vlogs I just
want to know if you guys enjoyed it I'm
gonna get out of here thanks for
watching like subscribe favorite fun
everything but us and I guess I thought
I had something to say I didn't let's
play read bad you play right dad love
you guys all the illegal something wait
a minute dad what I thought when you
said you wanted a pool I thought you
meant one of those Walmart jobs for 20
bucks but ya better add come on
is this one you had me yeah thumbnail
with that in the pool I didn't get it
