so I've been trying to wake Bridget up
for the past 15 minutes because we have
to go to the pool place and I don't
really want to prank her that's gonna
piss her off so I'll prank me so I'm
just trying to wake her ass up
so what I'm doing right now is recording
it so she can't call me a liar later
because she'll do that reject Jesus just
taking way too long just a little dark
Bridget
hey hey going to the pole place okay
y'all come no what no you said last
night you wanted to come I'm tired
she's lovely you went to bed at 1:00 on
to fight like before I know you you're
gonna will fucking get pissed off at me
what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here
Bridget west right there and today she's
asleep I'm trying to talk really loud
because I know she's going to bitch at
me for going to the pool place without
her today is Wednesday and today we're
going to the pool place with angular
ground pot we're gonna look at pools
because he uses them to work out and get
a little bit of exercise and he needs it
and I need him to have a pool Bridget
wanted to go she's asleep that's why I'm
doing the intro in front of her
Bridget when you watch this later I
tried to wake you up I try when trying
to wake you up stay asleep you're not
coming
today is Wednesday today we're looking
at pools today we're going out to eat
today we're chilling today Bridget's
asleep today I'm getting the vlog
started alright Bridget I'm going down
the stairs so you're gonna be all home
alone when you wake up and I'm not here
Bridget you're gonna watch this later
can be pissed at me when I get home cuz
I know you won't go look I tried I shook
you I screamed I did the intro next to
your body you didn't go let's go to the
pools
well on my way with Grandpa to leisure
Depot we're gonna look at some fools
why didn't Bridget come she's still
sleeping dude she weren't gonna come
anyway she wanted to come she gives us
now she liked the idea that me and her
talked last night I was surprised too
even though her dad's a liar
you know you guys are gonna happen
you're gonna end up coming to a fucking
fist fight over this he's a liar I never
told him that I'm not saying you did I'm
not saying you didn't I'm just saying
you know Bridget could be making that
shit up to them I heard him saying he
says you did yeah can you one thing lie
to me I like to rely on me here we go Oh
me look what's up wait a minute dad what
I thought when you said you wanted a
pool I thought you meant one of those
Walmart jobs for 20 bucks but ya better
add a couple zeros to it okay
is this when you had you mean yeah
thumbnail with that in the pool I didn't
get it
gun mail no I'm not yet it's hot I hear
me oh shit okay alright just turn the
camera on
oh my just joking I did got him no this
is small
what oh you don't want this one yeah how
much is this thing wait
yeah it is this is what I thought
I love there
yes - I know it's really nice
so we're here at the pool place me and
JC sitting here at the pool place and I
forgot my fucking glasses well I think
him so there's a couple things I got I
remember when I'm leaving a house 1
camera 2 phone 3 wallet four glasses how
much much to see everything is literally
a blur joy I came to see your face my
eyes aren't that bad
but here we are you calm down now I know
I either hurry up though I'm gone so a
minute ago dad was so we probably said
every what 30 minutes you'd say yeah and
nobody came to help us it was open
everybody else was dead so dad I'm
getting the fuck out of here I was I
couldn't get the camera on quicken up
thing kept turning off dad walks out the
guy goes hanger grandpa comes out to the
truck that goes fuck yeah I'm out but
who you are right now the guy the guys
taking carrier of corn you better kick
in you in a better mood now yeah calm
down I need a new camera do cuz if I
would have gotten that hey you got my
permission to buy you one I've already
ordered it we're okay this stick with
what you know man you learn your lesson
one day here I'm gonna get others I'm
trying I bought by a bunch of cameras so
Mac see this right now on your porch oh
no painting they're too soft
we grabbed you a little bedrock it's
right up your alley you need some chairs
because what you got right now is
uncomfortable shit I know it Big Green
Egg
were you excited to get a new pool of
course you gonna run into this one no
yeah I told everybody we're gonna put in
a different part of it on the way back
in the yard that way can't get Reynold
cuz dad still drives his van arts truck
back there the truck now yeah I know man
you been covering the truck into that
pool there would be no pool no there
wouldn't be no we saw what
mcjuggernuggets did it I think exploded
I know okay so now that everyday I had
it well now and I just want to know who
does it spend the day with grandpa Dave
them yes okay okay we're all in a good
mood now we're talking what happened to
your van it's gone where is it that it's
gone
did you dump it in a swamp it's gone my
toe you're doing that shit again yeah if
you guys have ever seen the older videos
dad used to rip his toenails off with
pliers
apparently he's still doing it yeah I'm
still doing it hey hey can you come pick
me up okay dad got in a fistfight here
at the pool place and he's in the back
of a police car right now he's in the
back of a police car he got hit in the
head with a club he's going to jail he
got a fistfight no he was pissed off
because they were waiting on other
customers and didn't come to dad we wait
about 30 minutes and dad said fuck you
and there was some customer because they
won't you shut the fuck up you'll fuck
and they just got into this big leisure
pools the the guy dad punched in the
face you hear probably talking to the
back on the guy dad punched in the face
is covered in blood so it's it's gotten
real bad I'm joking it didn't happen oh
my god yeah dad's just House not smoking
I just wanted to call you I just want to
call see if you want anything Roberts
yeah I just stepped on JC's foot I'm
have a head he 100 quit him we've been
here since no I'll tell I've been a
rocker I think was Sadie not being in
for all morning
well I came here ugly we just got to
Robert some barbecue onion rings
Oh God I'm ready to eat let's go eat so
here we are
Roberts daga cheeseburger all the way
hmm onion rings would you get a barbecue
sandwich the hot dog man check out I got
this big old double cheeseburger right
here I'll sort of barbecue sandwich just
take it but for now we're gonna eat I
tried to wake you up yes I did talk
didn't yes I did want me to go it's own
vlog it's cool I know you're bullshit I
think you remember I shook you freaking
you should have like domed water on me
or so god yeah cuz that's why I'm gonna
do cuz then I'm gonna wake up you throw
in a bag of litt shit on fire on me I
just I wanted to go that's too bad
well is the poor nice it's the same one
he got last time okay
and I brought you home some food from
Roberts barbecue you're so sweet I
didn't actually bring you anything back
oh I did itself in the kitchen you're so
sweet I lied I didn't know yet
oh you didn't give a fuck at all you
were playing a Red Dead Redemption the
whole damn time
sorry yeah oh my god I'm sorry
so I just realized while editing the
vlog then I didn't show you guys to
barbecue sandwich from Roberts unblurred
bastard why useful for you right now
there you go here it is I forgot to show
it cuz I was eating with grandpa look at
there a lot of people oh my god looks
disgusting no man it is so good and so
good that colliders barking to have some
so look at that
maybe the Mail's here what maybe the
Mail's here me
is barking okay five barbecue sandwich
so yesterday I told you guys that I was
going to tell you about my camera
problem so first of all this camera here
overheats and turns off randomly that
fucking game he just turns off randomly
and it overheats so I got this canon g7x
which is what a lot of youtubers use you
overheating bitch I left it in the sauna
was a smell like you left it in the Sun
on nights all day
oh he's broken you thing oh I kind of
think it put it put that in the fridge
so I watch other youtubers that use this
camera and their vlogs look fucking
theatrical and you know it look
beautiful like seriously it looks
amazing and for me it looks like crap so
in a few minutes I'm gonna have a scene
for you guys to see I'm gonna film it
outside and you're gonna see what this
camera looks like for me and what the
quality looks like for me and compare
that to other youtubers who use it and
you can see I'm doing something wrong so
tweaked your favorite youtubers or if
you know tweet me let me know what kinda
set at 60 frames at 1080 and I thought
all HD but something ain't right
something ain't right guys some mate
right and it starts will be breaking up
with rigid no okay
okay so first of all you can tell the
quality just turned horrible broke away
okay this turns like real bullshit real
fast I'm using that Canon GS 7x whatever
the fuck it is okay I don't know yeah
something like that
uh where if fouseytube uses it it looks
like a fucking movie like Steve's right
and when I use it it looks like a
mountain the fucking very first video
ever filmed on camera it was like I
filmed it with my thoughts so anyway we
thought it'd be funny
wait I just messed with the thing would
you do nothing I'm just scanning but now
it looks good I'm fucking around with
everything I'm sorry it's okay so I
thought it'll be funny
uh to read some comments
so this is a top comment from the vlog
we put up yesterday got the most likes
something read it that's from Windows 10
is that picture is Dwight from the
office wearing that mask of the coffee's
you can get a good look at it oh my gosh
that's so long one Mike I know you're
probably reading this you happen to be
right this time but a bridge I had to
showed it to me you'd be wrong illusions
of grandeur sometimes it's like
everybody seems to think I read
everything you started off that way
yeah Mike I know you're probably reading
this right the fuck up with Bridget
right now get away from the relationship
as soon as possible she's manipulative
and abusive towards their family
well let's react to it real quick first
of all I'm pretty sure she's the one
being abused it's her money being used
on an air conditioning unit that didn't
need to be replaced to begin with just
because you have a little bit of money
doesn't mean you need to go spending it
so it's like Staffan I think the person
who destroys their air conditioning unit
to get a new one is the manipulative
even mail I can't speak the manipulative
one but anyway I can agree with that
don't be afraid of not getting a new
girlfriend either because you have about
8 million fans with all of your channels
combined half a billion views okay I
don't want to get a girlfriend because
of my youtube channel this is not a
pickup well how about you stay with the
girl who showered with roaches eight
years ago hold on could you imagine me
trying to use that anyway in a bar
what's not baby you wanna check out my
youtube channel I got three million
subscribers yeah you know to me you want
to hit back my place I got a YouTube
play button to check out you know guys
it's not gonna work now oh my god it's
like that one time this one drunk girl
was like oh my god you hear of Kibby on
a camera yeah and they're like no yeah
like come on that's
- leave her behind kiddo I was a kid
shut the fuck up please just stop lady
shut fuck up please don't no I know you
don't know me so so I don't want to use
my channel second or third of all
whatever point I'm on Bridgette was
miffed with me when I had nothing we
slept on a twin mattress together with
roaches crawling in our ear canals do I
went to the doctor's one favorite oh
okay half a billion video views women
know that you're successful and talented
ooh and that's all that matters
she apologizes at the end of the day
because she doesn't want to be kicked
out of the streets because she know she
couldn't get a job she's abusing using
you whether you acknowledge it or not
she could get a Josh went to college but
just got a college degree talked about
it she graduated from college she can
get another job and babe you are very
successful and I love you
I don't want to say I'm successful I
think you are though a new partner would
impact your life so positively and would
even make your dad's life better because
she makes fun of him a lot and I'm
guessing it makes him sad I hope you
read this all the way you're being
manipulated dude okay I appreciate your
concern Windows 10 Windows 2008 Windows
10 Dwight I appreciate the concern but
uh it's yeah
there's a lot worse out there okay there
are there chicks that fucking they fight
that looks at me and bergeon her okay I
love bridges she loves me not being
manipulated dad's just kind of an
asshole even without Brigitte he was
this way everything was the same before
Brigitte the vid you know we first
started doing videos back in 2007 I
wasn't with Brigitte so there's no
difference you know he just doesn't like
her when I first met her he told me if I
date her I'm kicked out of the house so
and he locked you out one night he
doesn't like me being with anybody but
like any of us be yeah the truth is he
does not like his children to date
exactly he's like I'm losing my children
yeah it's like misery loves company
he happens once everybody around him
unhappy but Burgess not made it if
anything Burgess the farthest away from
manipulation because she puts it all on
the table you fuck you get up exactly
yet no manipulation
yeah Mike I think you need to do
something about bridging give me another
car exact manipulation but anyway I
wonder read me I wanted to read that
comment I saw it I was like Michael this
is long
let's read it on camera so I just read
it if you guys want us to do more mean
comments click the like button I'm
thinking about doing an anger grandpa
read hate comments and then maybe we'll
do one for us so if you guys want to see
it smack that like button and we'll do
it that was a mean comment
Bridget thinking about it let me think
you're on your ass alright well I love
you and that's it I don't over stop
talking ok yeah this is it I think
windows 10 is right he is right and you
got one more in you and then you're out
of the ass out on your ass alright shit
and we filmed this on the canon g7x see
how shitty it is can I at least take my
dogs you can have Clyde and lazy I take
that one welcome people we're broken up
when shut up do yours oh no I need fell
in my life I've got Bella Michael yeah
I'm calling Windows 10 I love Beliveau
windows tennis Michael she won't stop
she won't go go good what Oscar for me
let's do the outro alright well that's
gonna be it for today you guys thanks
for watching remember Bridget
Michael bit no okay that's gonna be it
for today guys thanks for watching it's
late I want to go to bed soon click like
if you want us to do the Twitter not the
Twitter Q&A the hate comments video part
2 Oh
like like I love you to a man he do so
anyway good day
sorry you didn't come I know I really I
really wanted to go but I'm really glad
you got a nice pool so that's gonna be
coming soon
maybe next week I don't know we'll find
out but anyway I'm gonna get out of here
thanks for watching good day like
subscribe favorite fun everything for
Joe us and remember trying to help me
out with that camera you saw how it
looked oh my gosh
did you see the red face Michael had a
red face and he doesn't have one
thanks for watching bye guys don't
follow her follow me nope dad oh you're
not gonna get it right your first try I
want to least try it do not do anything
stupid maybe trying it dad stop can't
get degrees optimizer guy yes I think
we're going to throw it
