what's going on you guys kick me on a
camera here vigil I see yeah right there
and today is Tuesday and today
we're going over to Grandpa's today
we're going over to grandpa's house and
we're going to take a look at the damage
that happened to the air conditioning
unit we're gonna see his new unit I got
stuff to help bring you lucky he didn't
knock electrocuted yeah he's lucky that
the frickin pressure on those pipes
didn't explode he's like he had a lot of
stuff he's not going to be alive I hope
it was worth it he's gonna do it all I
care about is that he's cooled down now
mm-hmm right now Bridget still doesn't
know I'll say in a few minutes what
don't I know about how much it actually
costs to fix the unit and it look
outside just few minutes after the intro
so how Myers after the intro I got to
ease you into this so so anyway today is
Tuesday and if you didn't see the vlog
we put up yesterday Bridget scared me in
the shower with that freaking Chucky
doll I got you babe
you know the thing is we agreed
off-camera to stop doing shower pranks
to each other you said no more pranking
me shower helsing okay no we're pranking
me and this whole do now I'm breaking
you in the shower no I'm gonna start
locking the door also we didn't like
they're like padlocks you take a butter
-
open it up it's easy to break into those
huh salt do it Michael
which I'm not doing it right now you're
expecting it I'm all God forget I don't
want to talk anymore we're good over the
Grandpa's house it's Tuesday let's get
this Tuesday started right there dancing
style
you're not playing that today Michael
all right so I've been neglecting
telling you this do you okay do you
remember the whole problem the guy said
that he had to go get another part
because he didn't have the bars and dad
had to go to the hotel well turns out
the reason the guy didn't have the part
is because dad told him he didn't just
want the outside unit fixed he also
wanted the freaking inside shit fixed
too
so instead of just getting a new outside
unit dad got a new inside and a new
outside unit okay
that's like double the money so that was
the whole problem it costs us more money
because dad stand there was nothing
wrong with that there was something
wrong with the hit the friggin outside
you how do you feel about it I'm pissed
yeah I'm worried about having how much
no used cuz I do dad want a new freakin
unit look okay if dad thinks something
wrong with it there's something wrong
with it
no it's not works yeah okay I get it
Bridget I'm pissed but I need to warn
you ahead of time then we're talking to
dad I'm probably gonna take his side he
has a way where he knows how to
manipulate me
he knows oh you just don't know how to
say no too long that's all of it I don't
have to say no to anybody
yeah you do who me I always tell you yes
now yeah yes I do
I'm sorry I'm a pushover so we're gonna
go over there and we're gonna make it
peaceful we're gonna talk now fiji Sark
is snappy and rude but you know we will
you're free to say whatever it is for a
while right like this is it what this is
that right this is it right yes of
course it is
I wanted to talk to you because okay
your air conditioning unit you destroyed
it needed a new one okay I'm not arguing
that even though it didn't mean to do
what I need to do it why just one change
when it was in here to with me opinion
you know hi I don't I don't know you
haven't explained it to me once I have
tried you don't listen
when did you swing it I tried you know
it was fine it literally feels the same
in here hoping you listen to her because
I'm smart true I told you they have to
match oh okay I understand you man ones
would never wear the burqa another day
yes and I said I'll make my own version
yes well that's one give me do you okay
I got in cheetos cheetos chunky i've
already made the mac and cheese come any
idiot can make mac and cheese yeah so
but I use it to Velveeta so you gonna be
back in chief I will wait mac and cheese
but right now I've got McLeish heating
up oh one here for very cool
olive oil till does not anyway well
grandpa just finished making his own mac
and Cheetos that video goes up on his
channel tomorrow how do you think it
went and by the mess I mean but I wanted
it to be obvious to them just show me an
edge how do you think it went
the snakes I still taste it that's going
up in his channel tomorrow
here is grandpa's new unit
he asked me he's doing the same thing as
the other one
other was freaking find you
yeah what
so what do you think about that shit I'm
talking about
it's fucking what do you think you
pissed
by God on his ass some
sickening
okay I'm trying to talk to you why are
you mad
it was it felt cool I'll admit it felt
cooler in there no same maybe you know
it yeah of course it is but God did what
am I supposed to do
you want me to just go in there Tara's
ass up for what
usually talk to me at all not to you do
it are you serious
so over here is Grandpa's old unit
cheeky whiz
there was nothing wrong with the inside
unit oh just seeing this pisses me off
so poor thing the immune to freaking all
to hell I gotta get answers to my
question I'm not getting them I need to
know they're giving us your damn
question man okay I'm gonna ask one more
time oh my god why you needed two units
you need good Utica Zito's are you
something oh yeah fuck off you don't
like it you know how to talk at Auberge
he's trying to explain it get this one
part now leave just explain why you
needed I told you because they have to
match up and that you put a four
thousand ton unit and you gotta have a
whole thousand telling even inside the
hell okay so it's kind of like trying to
watch a DVD on a blu-ray player yeah
as it so you see it makes sense
Bridget's gotta try to give me that okay
Michael you Jake you bag of wool wealth
day to dumb shit and bud yeah I'm not my
own the goddamn state you go rob his own
food she said to ambush you about this
you know an ambush means my dad you keep
your new word
well you feel better than a law by
property all right Tony do you how do
you
it was funny laughs laughs you go dude
you're joking
I just wanna come yeah I'll be the new
goddamn Basie and inside unit guess what
you had damn pain do it shut the fuck up
that's her money - thank you babe thank
you thank you yeah you're welcome
no I don't thank you in advance for why
oh don't tell her about nothing okay I
can tell you what I do I can't kill you
sign me to a pool really yeah really
Michael
jeez I got a pool dude shut up okay it's
cool and able your baby okay
uh-huh enable your baby uh-huh
hey Joe my photo dad need to build up
strength dad when I'm in her walk and I
need ready to workout and the pool will
help him build muscles okay well if he
destroys it
oh yeah yeah by the last score because I
backed him into all right that was not
your fault why was it update it was my
fault - son
it was entirely yoga so he's taking
accountability I'm taking again you have
no accountability Tate I should have
listened better thank you
we both ignite he did on purpose a new
pool are they pretty dry they're making
noise so I couldn't hear it now now I
really do I think she's got sabotage
that she'd have to watch the video to
find C go back watch not that you
sabotage yes he's getting a pool fine
you can't use it either
don't want to enable your baby huh
even let her dog me like that
yeah you're a baby stop not again
he's a baby you want to tell me where
I'll be but turn off the cameras we
could talk I'm your day you don't tell
the way about her Pam you dolled up a
good about her oh you're a baby issue
you're right here be cheap my family
doesn't abuse I'm not letting her do her
off the kid
Oh my feeling doesn't abuse as the way
you do I don't understand it she talked
bad about your family you don't get bad
word about her and all you trying to
give me say something to her friend you
know what Michael agrees with me because
he's not even about it you see that he's
trying to give me talks shit about your
family yeah I know it's so funny how
about the fighting your dad installed
the door wrong uh your dad said that he
wanted it opposite like we gradually
questioned it and it was a shitty idea
no God their daddy wanted it that way
and that's the way hey how bout we go
look at it how about he said well this
did matter these hands I'll go back up
we got some day off
no he questioned you you're like I can't
believe here is it what is way he is a
fucking lying eyes it's it's stupid why
would mine and I and he told you that
show the lawyer fucking liar come on
Michael let's go show it you're dying
man what know the goddamn truth of it
bidding like you know he's a walking
encyclopedia is it totally backwards
yeah it's your dad's fault dad did you
straight-up said he wants it that way
another one to look like your daddy
you're just your wayward yeah usually
how we know does what licks windows
they're backwards yeah he's looking the
wrong side of a guy was just listening
to your dad's instruction we're not
gonna get anywhere with any Russian your
family okay that's fine she's calling us
stupid I know that that's all right
anyway hey you admit it can I ask them a
question
now click like if you want grandpa to
play pokemon go everybody's been asking
you for looked right so dad does never
played he's never heard of Pokemon but
he's gonna play pokemon it's a gun of a
card well yeah but this is like the it's
like basically you're gonna walk around
your neighborhood and catch pokemon with
your
tablet lucy click like if you want to
see it and he gonna do it
bye Michael bye dad love you love you
too sorry your get ready sorry your mac
and Cheetos suck
get her out of here yeah a giant fell
guys dad could probably do a better no
okay all right this is my reflection
spot every day it's like every time I
didn't you tell you at the pool
what why didn't you tell me about the
paw just kidding good King babe
why do you tell me yeah because I
thought you'd be mad
I know Emmy he wants it to work out
himself and I agree with that yes I want
dad to build up muscle yeah you got it
to be hot if you don't know we've been
forcing grandpa drink ensures yeah dad
doesn't eat anything yeah he's like a
girl Lucian way and so instead of like
exercising he just doesn't eat and
because of that he's losing muscle and I
don't like it that's why he looks so
bony and I don't like it so we make him
drink em sure's and in this pool whoa
yeah before before he rode into the last
one much better not it's not gonna okay
I'm gonna get a whole different spot of
the yard all right that's gonna be
coming up soon you guys will go I'm
gonna go with that tomorrow to actually
look at pools oh my go yeah all right I
really thought you'd be a lot of angrier
no I'm not angry at all Michael I want
to have a pool God that shit with your
dad and my dad is not gonna be good we
got a patch that shit out dude my dad's
savvy he wants to go at the door what I
swear okay so I talked to dad and he did
confirm that he did want it that way
however my dad mentioned it should go
the other way but it wouldn't fit that
way and your dad was like oh don't
matter just do it the other way
dad's saying he wants to rip the door
out no yeah because your dad's talking
shit about it we've got a patch okay
they're gonna come to blows or going
home to a fistfight
we just need to get my dad and your dad
in a room together lock a minute and see
what happens cuz they're butting heads
no yeah I agree dude I mean this is
crazy
my dad was literally trying to help out
your dad and it just he's ungrateful it
backfired and now I feel bad for my dad
but I mean they need to be friends I
like them as friends I do too
so we're going to get them in the room
together I'll work on that
yeah this is how we can do we still
gonna do the outro all right right now
we're loading up our freaking know that
our drinks look at this boy by the way
no we are not sponsored by any of these
companies they live in a thing yeah we
just like having drinks and water
yeah where's where's the water baby love
water whoo water can you spine the water
I think there's some water in the soda
well yeah there's water in it somehow
bada-bing bada-boom water handled all
right I haven't had a kidney stone yet
so I just keep doing something right
well that's gonna be a free day you guys
thanks for watching
windy grandpa's house it got a little
hectic at one point look like it was
gonna come to a head everybody was
yelling at each other I was fighting
they got real ugly open you know I gotta
apologize honey and fight I just I
couldn't take it no more what are you
talking about so I had to say it it's
fine it's out in the open now but you
know he was pretty rude to me I'm not
I'm not saying he wasn't okay look I got
ugly over there so let's just not forget
who tried to scrape their tattoo off
anyway that's not something I want to
talk about now tomorrow grandpa and I
and I think bridge is coming we're gonna
we're gonna go to the pool place we're
gonna check out pools we're gonna see
what's going on over there
I must going to talk to you guys about
problems I'm having with the camera and
new camera
options but in the meantime if you guys
know more any good cameras or if you
know what camera good youtubers use or
tweet them and ask them to help me I
need help with cameras so you know to be
honest I'm surprised you actually need
help because usually pretty good
everybody was recommended that I get
this canon g7x I've already got that
I've been trying to use it the quality
looks like crap other youtubers that use
it it looks magnificent I don't know
what I'm doing wrong mine looks like
shit there looks amazing so I don't know
cameras just fucking hate me anyway
maybe there's a YouTube video that has
to do with settings I'll talk to you
guys about that tomorrow in the meantime
if you know anything let me know in the
comments or tweet me or whatever but I'm
gonna get out of here thanks for
watching you guys today almost was bad
tomorrow we're uploading the freaking
mac and Cheetos disaster and that's it
like that was so gross
they were a repulsive subscribe favorite
following everything for Joe us and
that's it I'm excited like a poles
I for all be honest I'll tell you by the
same ways I look up for sweet I buy you
a cup
Wow
right what do--what on it why not
yeah bull crap come on iPhone forget
Outlook
