what's going on you guys can't be out of
camera here for Jersey yeah right there
and today is Monday I got to do it wow
what a day oh well what's this everybody
stop it yeah
today bridge is still playing The
Witcher oh my gosh Melda right the head
so like all day you were playing your
game oh yeah I believe a two hour played
for like seven hours Oh God I'll cover
the lens oh that's a lot and now I'm
playing my you're a liar I played the
game for an hour and your mom was here
then I played the game for 20 minutes
after she left oh sorry
not all day you've been playing this
shit since two o'clock bullshit I
started playing like 30 mins I can't
Iain so today is Monday and today
there's no update on grandpa's air
conditioner the guy has been over there
he was there last night apparel I don't
know what's going on Charlie was
actually at the house last night so I
don't know if you overheated and died oh
and you just ridiculous over there so I
don't know what's going I gotta be fix
dad's not answering my phone calls the
air conditionings giving fake look I
don't think dad's mad I just think he's
having the time of his life he's like
swimming in the hotel pool and rotary
room service and watching movies he
don't give a shit about answering my
call
so yeah that's the update there is no
update
grandpa's air conditioning is still not
fixed and I don't know when it will be
hopefully by today I mean he's out that
Hotel day no he's not that was mean of
me if you didn't see the video we have
to upload it yesterday grandpa took an
axe to his air conditioning unit so he
doesn't have one anymore
and the vlog that upload yesterday where
you farted in substation rain everybody
out of the restaurant oh my gosh anyway
I don't want to keep this going on any
further I'm gonna just do this day I
have a headache I don't feel like
dealing with anything let's get this
Monday what you're they making a face no
I'm just chilling cameras already
overheating Wyatt
don't break it
let me show you guys what it's doing
okay camera you look really kind of hard
to see you'll see like the little yellow
thing right on the top of there it's
telling me that it was just me dogs so
that's what's going on right now I don't
have a camera right gonna start looking
for a new camera for vlogging soon this
is impossible to put up with this thing
dies five minutes after picking it up
and I'm really tired of it let me know
in the comments section if you know any
good vlogging cameras let me know if you
know the comp the can of camera that
fouseytube uses or you know boyfriend
versus girlfriend used to use let me
know what kind of camera any other
youtuber uses and I'll check it out I'm
in search for a new camera I'm tired of
this one ah even in the other room she
manages to ruin the scene I covered the
wind you can see it okay guys
I've been trying to prank Michael all
week and I put call this room such a
mess
Chucky in the corner over here but he
hasn't come in to play with his
wrestlers all freakin week no he's
taking a shower
Oh God he's gotta clean this room so bad
it's so gross
where
crap Bridger
Bridget what what come on it why oh my
god yeah both rap did you eat it
come on I've fallen for get out of there
look all right in here where's the style
guide Oh God oh please
you gotta stop all this I'm okay I'm
done it's gone nothing funny about this
sorry yeah oh god yeah no you're pissing
me off
I don't care
come on bro yeah up with this bullshit
alright
they on I'm taking them out now ah okay
you're right near me all right do you
sit on my god
get out what apologize what get rid of
it all right you're you're picking that
up though come on just go dude coz Who
am I who Chuck you it's gone he's gone
now
although we're done we shower pranks no
being done in a while
oh my gosh I was like such a great
shower prank - you got to get out now
this isn't funny anymore what is what
the hell's that noise Bridget I'm not I
won't be fucking jumping out of shower
naked on camera but I'm not above it all
right motherfucking I'm just kidding oh
you gotta go I scare you
yes I make you think I was Chucky yeah
oh my god
good just go
I'm tired of it Wyatt I've had it bring
it give you a headache I'm sorry yeah I
can't help it you terrified me
I'm sorry please go okay yeah ah what
nothing
do you know how much he scares me
I know it's funny not dude it's not
funny it's very funny here
what are you doing I need something here
you got it I think
hang on you're getting too close to me
okay Roger all right I'm sorry
damn I'm tired of it oh you I swear to
God I think it wait one time
ah it did don't fucking right you ain't
holier didn't oh you're right I swore I
thought in the room run once ok you liar
I thought you definitely had a dream a
bad dream well it scared me well I think
I think it's all right there's a reason
that I take this thing why do you throw
your diaper what your diaper it's not
nice to just leave it there
I don't wear diapers oh you gotta be
shitting me
a diaper why does it fucking so in wait
for
version you can't tell people oh no no
take it back how do you think in fact
fuck's sake man oh that is really
repulsive there's no smells water no
more me to smell it oh oh my gosh
calling those creepy thing yes he scares
the shit out of me dude and then you
make me take my own thumbnail hahaha I'm
sorry you any of this stuff I know how
your dad yeah I know they don't really
see that sometimes sometimes you and Dad
like freaks out all right that guy got a
thumbnail after the fact gotta get him
to calm down first SMS is hard to get
one I mean I should i film that one day
yes click like am i should film me
trying to get a thumbnail out of that in
a like yeah I've done it on vlog
sometimes but sometimes I got to do it
during a main Channel video and it's
after he's broken something thanks Ryan
moves or something hey so here we move
guys click like if you guys want me to
click like if you were missing we make
up I can't even talk right now I'm
selfish click like if you wanted to
record grandpa and the thumbnail right
yes in a main Channel video yeah it's
usually very typical that's sometimes I
can't even get him to do it I know but
it's so funny
what are you oh I'm sorry I won't do it
and the fuck time I do that sometimes
I'll test them yeah well if I did the
lights flicker it didn't I
I did serious I'm scared like I need
help I'm scared
Oh bridgie get the fuck out
what was that what fell Chucky jumped
off a long time because one my girls are
funny
please come back up here signatures all
over that door do something so you both
investigate please come up
no I'm not coming back up my god focus
can of dr. pepper are you mrs. bull dude
I'd over the door so he's alive I get
attacked all right I don't think of um
thank God cause I actually scared me
good nice it's good oh shit Bridget oh
god that's how it feels scare somebody
feels good hey eat my shit I was good
tell you something bro you move yeah I
really want him in that closet
go ahead thanks to that head and forgot
about that shit yeah we separated the
body remember the head was in here no
glaze and now he's gonna come walking
home the other head
yeah let's just close it that works
Easter candy yep yes
now a snack for money at all
no I got a snack for playing for the
redemption just going off babe no I just
got to this one part and it'll still be
there tomorrow oh so wrong Hey so got
that you think what I'm thinking
yeah we'll scale the chocolate Lu
downstairs well that's gonna be a fair
day you guys thanks for watching thanks
for watching guys you never say thanks
for watching that's like a new thing for
you I've never said it you're right but
I don't watch think I don't like change
just stick with what you usually do
alright alright anyway that's gonna be a
fir day you got Bridget prank me I did
the initial prank was one second long
and I frickin embarrassment so please
wouldn't leave with that fucking doll
well babe I mean I'm sorry but some of
you that are new there is a vlog you can
go back and find it and why I don't
remember it's why I'm afraid of Chucky I
explained the whole story why I'm scared
of it and that I have that doll and I'm
terrified of it sometimes I check
closets just to see if it's there I
don't know I know it's not a lot
I'm not stupid I know that it's not a
living fan make sure you can just cover
your mouth you can stop oh okay I didn't
hurt you she heard me
no I didn't okay she did look I'm gonna
get out of here thanks for watching you
guys tomorrow I'm gonna go over to
grandpa's house see if he's got his unit
finally the guy just called me a few
minutes ago he's finishing up finally
dad get back to your house ASAP I'm
gonna go over tomorrow I'm gonna see the
unit I'm gonna show you guys that damage
cuz you didn't really get to see it
before because I didn't film anything
it's a whole thing
but anyway tomorrow we're checking out
his new unit anything bad new unit style
best save that for tomorrow thanks for
watching you guys didn't unit like why
did he destroy something nice
I don't realize that he didn't just get
any tuna dude he got inside and outside
uni he talked that's something for I'm
gonna talk about tomorrow yeah I didn't
want to tell you yet he told the guy
that was more wrong than anyway listen
tomorrow I'm pissed I'm confront and dad
like subscribe you better confront her
that's an hour you just fart oh yeah you
did I did yeah you did much more well if
your matter of meat combat they're
efficient steady me gone bad oh oh
you do that how it was you do that don't
believe it people yeah people get up
leaving
