what's going on you guys get beyond a
camera here but us here right there yeah
Oh poof yeah a lot of people getting his
name wrong good biggest Vienna big names
today is day number two of my first
music video and I've had other music
videos before but they were crap this is
an actual you know actual music video
pressures on yeah that's all humans
Jason and I we looked at some dailies
yesterday that's looking please bro yeah
we get it Matt you're flexible okay
appreciate first of all my man here
hooked us up with this spot today thanks
so much dude seriously I appreciate it
this is dope right that's a really cool
dude I can I can run around in here and
it's fun
go ahead run around again we're doing
someone it's creepy right now are you
guys a lot of people are gonna want to
put me anywhere so now you have the
opportunity okay
ever you want to do upload your take
away in space insert me anywhere what
should I do give me some gestures that I
should be doing like you should dab you
should dab fellows develop you was that
a DAB yeah was and you kind of hold it
like okay there was the dab this would
come like a floating so they can put me
in water or space never you choose what
else I got
give me something I don't know
okay maybe I'm like I'm like
okay oh yeah what am i holding
that's great like someone's gonna put
something in my hands okay got that put
Bridget anywhere put us in space I'll
take it
I'm tell you now they're gonna put you
in like a fast food right yeah do
anything to Bridget you guys this would
be fantastic all right yeah hold your
breath all right guys are you guys we
are live with a freestyle champion and
today he's gonna rap the news so
somebody throw out of work so we can
start with rain rain well then today in
Charleston it's about 45 degrees with a
slight chance of rain you'll see this if
you look outside through the window pane
and now outside it's a little wet so
you've got nothing to gain and you know
if you're staying inside you might get
Lane or should I say later well you know
you might miss work you might be a
little late but you're still gonna get
paid I don't know why I sounded like
Obama but that's pretty great anyways
don't stop now
you knew your new work sign son today
now downtown Charleston if you go near
the beach you're gonna see a lot of Sun
better take the sunscreen and have a lot
of fun watch out there's a guy on the
run with a gun trash I mean sucks I
don't know why I got the way you do
where you go run trash we got that we
got the Barack Obama delivery and by the
way he's a piece of get the tattoo off
your face man it's making me mad I'm
gonna get a scrub wipe it off and laughs
just like the TSA does do when you walk
into the airport every time by Austin ah
are you guys I don't want to give away
too much what this part of the video is
gonna be this that's kind of stuff for
later you're gonna see it with the video
but I do you got it easy with a little
bit so we have this whole awesome setup
you guys we have the projector this is
pretty awesome this is gonna be an
emotional scene to shoot you guys but
it's the first thing that I thought of
when I wanted to do with videos like
projector over me in the room so I got
it even the mat crapped on it Matt was
like that's gonna look super garbage
because it could either look really good
or really bad depending on the director
we got the right director for the job if
we didn't have the right director for
the job whoa hold on you did you know
workshop like six other directors first
well you know yeah Vince what yeah the
thing was he showed me some dude in
Boston he said using a way better
director than Vince okay you know I just
you know we have a past we've worked
together well yeah we have to do we had
to shop around for like we don't know
who's gonna be able to do something like
this now wait did you shop after
reaching out to me
that's half sir no that's it oh oh yeah
this you were the first person he was
like yeah I got the guy
okay LeBron you're gonna like if you're
shopping you know you go you go and you
look at the milk you pick up the first
one it's like okay that's fires in two
days but you pick up the next one and
this fight is important because you're
going with the one yeah I don't do that
I just grab the milk and take it home
and drink it well that's why I like this
guy on the other hand this one no I'm
kidding
we gives you right yeah he was he was
like he was like I know the guy he sent
me your eyes video oh yeah well they
gave me in touch with him it was here
did you tell him what happened um I
didn't tell them but I told him yeah
yeah how we both messaged him at the
same time about each other I was texting
Vince about the video and texting Mike
about the video we were talking about
you know I actually just said hey we
should get this guy Vince to do it and
the second that Mike texts me back
saying I really like this guy's video
work this dude said yeah let's do it
so literally the same text I skated with
hours later but it was hours later and
at the exact same time he goes yeah
let's do it yeah I love that let's do it
and I was like it was the weirdest time
great and it's all working out like you
it's amazing production it's yeah I do
this is some stoic show we had the
latter didn't really work out so don't
show that yeah hey whatever works works
yeah but we just wrapped on the music
video one day too
I'm Matt if you're doing any videos of
Charleston check it out
everything is below if you want to see
it man like this is a great spot you
guys the green screen of the giant white
screen everything turned out perfect
yeah this is freaking awesome famous oh
I do one day we tell mom neither was her
famous likes men destroying my dream
since I got you it's okay I didn't
realize it we were at the hip yeah this
is like total shit on look I hope the
chick was like so do you guys get a
bunch of hits on YouTube is what I do
yeah
automatic he looked at me - he was like
this he was like well I do actually I
don't know about this guy but I was
trying to have reference was that I do
the YouTube thing you do the music bang
and we you know we sort of for a while
he's checking out so wrong I wasn't even
mad cuz I actually looked I'm when I was
like I mean well you're right so it's
like you can't be mad at the truth you
know so guys we're done no one likes to
hear the truth I do though I do they
have a thing guys I got a crush on Matt
would you go out with me I'm glad I
asked look at this boat dude
did you know their loss where am I I
just feel I feel like we're floating
through hell it is crazy you guys you
can't see anything this is like insane
about as insane as Matt your word is
gazebo go I'm chillin under the gazebo
and what your girl she bought a deep
throat oh I took a pill thought I got
high but it was placebo I wish it didn't
happen to me though okay yeah I'm tired
of this yeah they knocked on the door I
seen it was bullshit through the
peephole
oh my god dude a stuntman Evel Knievel
I'm smashing your chain like I'm debo
like jumping this like where would they
go in the water oh you know that since
the earth is round when you go straight
down you go all the way through the
bottom and you're kind of like you flip
upwards if you come out in Beijing okay
no I'm dead serious
yeah that's a real thing no it's serious
you never heard of the Beijing theory
Jesus do you have to go really far down
though it's like it's miles the human
body can't take it like the pressure
would kill you yeah
she bought it dude
she bought it I can't believe you sold
that Bridget there is the mantle there's
the core no one's gotten through the
crust like dude we've never gotten past
the crust before she thought you could
dude
usually I don't even make it to the
crust I just eat the pizza and then I
get yeah no I love the crust
I'm talking like how would you get out
of the water I guess but you you could
swim around you could cool I'll try to
climb but I don't know might cover this
lens I can't even I'm filming in case
you fall back dude I'd be insane you go
to Beijing guys we just rapped on the
video really really cool stuff I can't
wait for you guys to see this and what a
beautiful day to was so foggy and
wonderful nice job Matt's amazing dude I
love it I'm glad you came down for this
man dude I'm glad I came down you
decided hit me with that he emotional
almost cry fest and I was in the other
place yeah it was one of those guys it
was an emotional cry fest hopefully you
guys love it as much as I do means
everything to me we're going home got a
ton of stuff happening sitting here
showing us some of the stuff they've got
together for the video
it's so awesome and just got took some
amazing pictures yeah this guy tried to
pee yeah do this it's unlike any like
YouTube music video here we're gonna see
it it's like it's a real bitty amount of
a - man I'm telling you - yeah that's
right yeah you watch your YouTube we're
on a race 100 followers that's right
Jason Crocker look me up this one D V
imce LUN di I so I haven't vlogged in
this whole trip I'm from Cleveland Ohio
I came all the way down
drove down Mike had me out for the video
blog in the whole time so I'm actually
excited to put together this little
video this little vlog and yeah I'm
hoping I beat Jason to that 100
subscriber grace and there's any
unflattering angles of Bridget don't
send it to a little social media okay
spirit email no you know guys don't send
it to us all right Jesus I'm gonna make
sure you guys make sure you subscribe
it's just ride to my pants on the
subscribe button it's a race to 100,000
the video for Julie with the Juliet
to ourselves you're doing that that
would be awesome
haven't you - just so you know yeah yeah
you heard us all what do you think about
it I mean playing see
Royal Rumble just went off the air dude
no fat kid freaked out this year that
was actually really awesome
yeah I really really enjoyed the show
and I loved the end what did you think
that yeah man it was a little weird have
Ronda Rousey debuted but guys no matter
what that was sick dude like honestly I
thought we were gonna have like you ever
see my fat kid freaking out of the run
Mormon videos yeah I saw that
he's like a Shane was ESI yeah yeah I
know you okay so actually during the
first railroad boom I started yelling
yeah there's one of things he was like I
was like dude holy shit I thought reigns
was gonna win I was like if reigns wins
the trees at the front door okay okay
hurry the tree out of it okay reigns
didn't win so it was good yeah he got
really passionate about that thought I
was over with I said we celebrate people
mama let's rap
ready boys ready people wanna call me
fat watch my videos in laughs talking
smack and every chance I get like that
ain't helping Jack I know I'm fucking
fat I feel my life and watch it back I
lost some weight and tried to make a
stay but then I gained it back
fucking huge I don't need for you to
post it up I see myself it ain't like
this is booze dude I don't give a fuck I
feel like giving up I'm big and this is
getting tough I'm getting older every
day and dying simultaneous you think I
like you kid I'm dying as I'm trying Jed
I'm jogging as I'm vlogging I am diadem
and trying shit I'm growing violent just
go with you the violence a fact that
Crichton finds it might be timeless I am
silent I'm growing tired this is hard to
part with I am sick the food cos man
that's killing me I never saw the side
of it I'm a loser and I'm happy I'm out
of breath on this thing anyway
and the loser can begin to get I'm a
rapper a faster than your place better
not is happy what to do it stuck in my
table and get on my own
second attend over language in the row a
permanent promise bartender with ghost
yeah that's other one that I gotta force
up
I'm dedicated really gonna touch up I'm
flowing into water Lego worship is a
wonder of I'm gonna fuckin tell bus
they've got every single thing about my
portion even though they said I'm really
done importantly they talking about
another one up watching then the money
could be some like an abortion they only
care what some services I believe shit
what a purpose of learning in earnest so
that I can purchase a pilot from
services that are provided encouragement
is a requirement understand that you can
get it you just I don't want it no thank
you stomach God we're gonna be doing
this out one just a second you guys
before we do I got to do an unfortunate
scene and I didn't think I was gonna
have to do something like I really hate
having to do this math like seriously so
I got a look I'm just gonna get this out
of the way you guys tonight my brother's
back off the wagon and he's saying a lot
of horrible stuff about all of us and
our entire family and he's starting a
war with Tina and I'm sitting here
trying to give Tina the second chance
that everybody gave him because I think
everybody deserves that second chance
we gave him plenty of second chances and
I think everybody deserves that and I
don't know if that made him angry I
don't know whatever that is he started
war with her and then us and then
started saying horrible things and
talking about us and calling us fat and
calling us names and how everybody wants
him and I was I beat a promise to my dad
and I'm gonna keep it I'm not gonna talk
about that okay I'm not going to talk
about any of
that's a conversation I had with my
father one of his final days but I'm
gonna keep it guys we're at a time where
I'm saying goodbye to my brother because
he has no intentions of changing I you
know I pump money too am i I try to help
him every chance that I can get any
bites my hand every time I do it and
eventually it gets to the point where I
have to stop getting bit
if a dog keeps biting you in the hand
you have to stop putting your hand in
its mouth and that's what I got to do so
this is where I say goodbye I wish you
luck man I'm sorry crying for a macro
I'm turning to you so I don't do this on
camera
I feel like I keep saying this to
everybody dude like how many times have
I said this a lot
well dude actually I dealt with a
similar experience I have a cousin he
was really into drugs and stuff like
that it like really reminds me of the
same thing with him and it was like you
keep doing it and stuff it's your family
so you love them so you kind of can't
just like write him off that easy and
there's like some bond there and um over
time you know he kept doing heroin
running into poles he kept like doing
drugs he kept coming to us and taking
money and everything we kept giving him
a chance giving him a chance and there
were times where would be like six
months at a time he would even be sober
so we thought hey this might we might be
out of the woods and you know we started
to realize that other people and our
family and other people around us their
perception of us change because they saw
us giving him chances giving him chances
and it made us look bad you know and
it's like I don't want that to happen to
you I see exactly what you're saying bro
like seriously we've all like I've given
you too many chances dude ventually he
he he has to want to help himself and I
I don't think he's never gonna want to
do that the only way to get help is to
let help for yourself and it's like
after so many times you kind of have to
cut the bad fruit off the tree because
you know life is a temporary thing man
and you can't keep playing with that
because you're gonna waste your time
trying to fix somebody else if they
don't want things you're right dude it's
like I've given him dude my friend Isaac
he gave him another chance and I didn't
think dude I thought that was a like
that was and like if he was willing to
get my never the chance of like okay
he's got a real shot but clearly he
doesn't care about any of that stay man
some people don't deserve 480 second
chances you dude you're right dude
you're right
guys this is where I'm gonna end it
right here because I can't like I can't
keep stringing you along with this same
story six months from now guys we're
done with Charlie and I can't keep doing
that I can't it's not fair to you for
sure you gotta understand that it's
family there's a bond there that some
people might not understand just if it's
like maybe a fan that's sitting there
thinking like you know this is BS think
like if it was someone in your family
you might be the same way but after a
certain point man you really just gotta
cut it off and you got to realize that
someone else could be going through
something with some feelings involved
that you don't know about I think that's
all Mike's going through right now you
know so I don't know man I think it's
got to be final I agree with you man
but it's really unfortunate man it's
something that you know you take the
sadness and you feel it but it's it has
to happen you know it's inevitable part
of life he actually uh he did the same
thing with Isaac he's trying to like
take my friends and he thinks he has
look I'm not going to do all this I'm
not gonna bury him say the things that I
could say that's not what I'm about I do
want to say I do better than that if
you're subscribed to him please
unsubscribe for me I mean that as
politely as I can say it please
unsubscribe from me if you intend to
stay subscribe to him because guys I
don't want to share that fan base
anymore because it's clear he doesn't
intend to change and it's clear that he
intends to manipulate the fan base that
I grew with my father to use against us
and that's not something that I'm about
I'm done with it I spoke my peace while
my father is alive and out of respect
for him and his death I'm gonna end it
there let's do this outro Charlie I love
you but I'm done this is the absolute
end if you show up to my house I'm
calling the cops
well that's gonna be it for today you
guys thanks for watching that was day
two of my music video guys awesome
it's such a surreal experience and I'm
seeing some of the stuff and it just
it's so cool guys oh I'm just so happy
the footage happy for you the footage
that I'm seeing from vents before it's
color graded and integrated and mixed
it's just stunning and the photos that
jason has been sending me it just album
covers and there's a god they are
freaking talented you should use them
the guy I'm going to guys I'm doing a
video with Juliette Riley I don't know
what I'm gonna do it next couple of
months I gotta find the schedule that
works with her I'm doing a video for
that song that's gonna be the official
launch of my album guys seriously I got
a lot of work to do like I'm gonna be
busy yeah PFE over there's gonna be busy
counting on them guys
Matt's leaving tomorrow she got one more
day at home so you get to look at us
again after that but guys and then you
need to start vlogging yeah you got a
vlog guys he's got a great personality
he needs to vlog and not rap battle me
guys I'm getting out of here we're at
battling soon we're gonna win guys it is
what it is like subscribe favorite
moment everything joy and that Royal
Rumble was awesome it was so awesome I'm
pretty happy no fat cat freaked out
