what's going on you guys get beyond a
camera here petuzi yeah right there good
day I got this I don't know what God is
Sunday and today I'm playing red arrow
demson was that all you had the pride
that was I wanted everyone to know that
I'm playing Red Dead Redemption bridges
playing Red Dead Redemption instead of
doing anything else as you can see I
haven't cleaned a couple days yeah she's
been playing right definition for two
days not giving a fuck about anything
else or anybody but ourselves you know
what what we did watch UFC I'll give you
that you did let me watch UFC last night
yeah it's okay and I loved it
okay I'm not taking I'll get will start
the shit up okay I'm pulling out my
shrine it was in my neck hole not funny
off of me what's going on you're gonna
be doing the intro cuz I wanna like any
of that shit what's going on you guys
get me out a camera here bridge Wes not
here Nicole here
Oh today is Sunday and today if you
haven't seen it yet we uploaded the
video we're angry grandpa destroyed his
air conditioning unit I asked you guys
in the blog yes sir if you wanted to see
it do you want to see grandpa take an ax
to his air conditioning unit you all
said yeah you said hell yeah
so we uploaded it it's up its
dysfunctional if you haven't seen it
stop this posit on this face sorry
okay I'm pause thank you okay
you probably stopped to watch that face
so now pause it on this essay off
looking right welcome back hope you guys
like the video it's totally
dysfunctional today guys there was
nothing wrong with that AC it just
needed like nothing neither nothing man
is fine I had no problems with the air
unit I dad got pissed I gotta get a
little something new and you're doing it
so I just got off the phone with Charles
okay dad has gone crazy
on room service why is old yep I can't
say nothing he's gonna eat he order five
helpings of bacon a mini pizza okay is
it wow that's crazy I think I'm fairly
sure he's just doing it to spend money
he ordered like six canned sodas and by
the way though at two dollars a piece at
room service for $0.50 can you mean like
five dollars apiece they're not five
dollars a hotel is overcharged yes
that's what I thought $2.00 is an
overcharge for a can of soda I think
it's more like five I'll be I'll be
fucking mad
what do we do I don't know I really
don't know what to do you can either
baby him or you can tell him
room service our new unit I'm not gonna
do that Michael he ll buy the halogen
we'll go to watch this in a damn
vacation lunch you'll take me substation
he won't be hungry who's got a debit
card he can go to McDonald's he could do
something like that
I don't care about any of that how about
we just go to substation okay go to such
why are you being such a bitch right now
you know why it Michael what yeah but
you had something to say what I don't
know I'm sorry you think I'm a bitch I'm
just I just had it that's being a bitch
enough Jesus Christ where did I cross
the line at buying dad a sandwich or let
let me know what I did huh because the
line was just allowing him to do fucking
anything I don't care anything he wants
you would let your mom do anything she
wants my mom wouldn't do that shit
doesn't matter okay if tomorrow your mom
just took a sledgehammer to her
windshield and she said she couldn't
Drive would you get her another
windshield I would take it to the
fucking mental hospital Michael oh you
because my nose water I just sleep last
night
man how's that one
oh did you yeah did
new condition and the in Europe
you're happy with yourself Michael I
tried to fix the air fish I could with
an axe I think that my you know
sometimes you can get things working we
need it
well you never done it
you're a liar everybody boys don't know
where they get to get into work
well number one you guys better make
sure that's a dog-friendly hotel because
what you better make sure it's a dog
from the hotel they mean I like all the
areas all the work well I don't give a
fuck about that make it unless it's not
dog friendly I had to keep in the kennel
I didn't like that well I mean he can't
run around and shit in a hotel dogs will
kill one kennel now do do do if it was
your tiny dogs yeah I know
they got more parking by than the
village
well as Colucci Wow
Charles - I didn't want to say anything
Charles told me that you order freaking
room service
a bunch of times
you know this goes to me to snitch I'm
going to find out when I had the
freaking bill comes dude he's a snitch
he said you ordered five helpings of
bacon yeah he did she thought to take
order two or two of them he did not tell
me that I got to the fuel bill you got
to stop and I thought till I tell all
the boys on those group big burgers and
the French fries onion rings
I think angle I see me I need to build
like 200 husband okay
poor factor you're not getting a pool if
we had the pool that I wouldn't had to
go to hotel last night so you slept in
the pool
I'll shut it on the damn deck and then I
gotta jump in I tried crazy did one
wasn't for why you love it that's a good
idea
you see it's stupid grandma just sleeps
by the deck gets my just rolls over into
the pool and get out I'm ready to go
again oh my god dad you know it's hard
to be pissed let me talk about a pool
place in a wheel
no how would you pay attention to the
road I try to call you got thinner James
I love is the message give me a call are
you playing I don't used to stop America
now you know you get out yo yeah hey you
know did you see me
bash you on Tralee Road no just a couple
weeks ago I hope you to see my truck see
I'm a little different bill how would he
see you terracotta yeah no you ate this
you know in Irvine oh yeah you've been
doing good
you got doing great Michael pretty good
man how're you good good even there
well we said we want to come see Dara
yeah good helpful present that's good I
shall tell you of York your sister here
yeah well you know I'm at nighttime
stuff yeah and I live where in some
Rosanna
I gotta get your up never get me man
Jerry got investors in town to see what
myself dad you're jealous
yeah uh-huh you read em one sitting for
that supper and ER you know I looked at
the one sittin what
that's an hour did you just fart no yeah
you did I did yeah you did
watch bolero if you know that of a meet
Kombat character i pigeons daddy's gone
bad Oh Oh Daniel
you do that how it was you do that don't
believe it people yeah people get up
leaving I can't believe it
people leaving
hey hey bang there we see why you're
come back we're going to take over this
is the first time dad farts clear the
room okay I can do it oh my god
hey guys wow I got it
who is that they just turned on this
industrial fan
your fart smells that bad yeah dude they
left their food they left their phones
just to get away from that smell
right
she√≠ll I'll take
hey grandpa yo hey nobody quit on it
right that's the subway I'm
go see him his daughter made the livings
oh there we go run yes sir brother young
wouldn't Li you would help young man see
ya
he stole one you good no it's all yours
he come and wake me out took a bunch of
big balls
I thought he wanted what he got for I
didn't mean when you cut it wrong no no
didn't run him up he sobs he stayed he
stayed with God a guy said you ran on my
brain I had to give more for more bread
I'm free
give me that she goes Reggie goes
meatballs and did pass gas ran everybody
out here's your light again
are you serious yeah oh yeah thumbnail
smile oh this is a shitty tub no get
over here front of the sign what oh my
goodness on you give that go uncle Beto
tell
any goddamn picture way to go well we
just went from daytime to nighttime my
going got it's now nine o'clock I'm very
aware I'm talking to the people I don't
care how long you've wasted on the wit
on another Witcher and fucking read
their Redemption which by the way
bridget is just now realizing it's dark
out so that's not what I'm talking about
tomorrow on the vlog going from daylight
to now oh my god so I'm gonna start
cleaning shhh I'm doing the update
anyway for the past few hours I've been
making calls of at Ronnie all right
Bella fires there's something wrong so I
spent the past few hours making a bunch
of phone calls trying to find people who
fix the air conditioning units talking
to the guy that was a grandpa Sasha's
these dogs don't care that I'm vlogging
I don't care either so I've got a guy
going over grandpa's house right now to
look at the unit there's a whole new
unit sitting in Dad's yard but it's just
not properly installed yet so Charlie is
waiting at the house for the guy to come
and dad's at the hotel probably ordering
filet mignon and lobster and fucking
making crank phone calls I don't know
what that does okay I don't know what he
does but either way dad's doing that so
hopefully we can get this air
conditioning bullcrap resolved by the
end of the vlog hopeful I don't know
still making some phone calls but I
wanted to update you guys real quick
fingers crossed we got to get this thing
fixed
oh crap Bridget look so feel exciting oh
my god you guys been asking to see Felix
there he is I would go pat on but I'm
really run away oh yeah you know this is
like me it's like he's like any of us
like seeing Bigfoot he's oh you'll see
how close I can get free
oh shit he sees I exist he's
acknowledging me I'm going further I'm
gonna open the door
holy crap hi Oh getting a little bit of
pettings ah you know I live now we know
we still exist I was wondering there he
is
Felix it up there he went as I kiss my
asshole yeah well that's gonna be it for
today you guys thanks for watching
grandpa farted I watch so that was
actually really funny ain't gross
did you really watch it because you plan
by that all day no I did I like I looked
over and I watched it it was pretty
funny
you can hear right dad during the intro
and now you hear it drawing me how truck
with Tina and now I'm mad because I have
to start over this one glitch mission
and oh no okay stop
Oh anyways so that's gonna be it for
today you guys thanks for watching it
was a long day haha then my eyes feel
like like I gotta do this a lot Jesus
man you've been playing the game too
much the you're doing video game
overkill well your eye you said your
eyes are fucking up if you have a
probably playing games huh I don't give
a shit I just left me alone all day wow
I'm not done playing and now we can
cuddle no we're not cuddling no we're
not doing that oh go play again
yeah d outro that's gonna be a fir deta
guys thanks for watching oh my god your
Roux dad farted in substation it was
really funny huh you can hear the people
God Gail it's done let me say it was
unholy oh it wasn't it was new yeah when
you were like editing that I like looked
over it was really funny yeah I felt
like I could smell it while editing it
was that bad about it was one of his
worst farts and it stunk
the whole restaurant so grandpa farted
substation so anyway I'm gonna get out
of here thanks for watching hopefully
dad gets his air fix the guy is actually
there right now but I still don't think
it's gonna be fixed I don't know we'll
see hopefully tomorrow hopefully tonight
hopefully it gets fixed I don't know but
that's gonna be a pretty guys thanks for
watching like subscribe favorite fun
everything bitch it was your breath is
kickin bullshit oh oh oh I saw the
message you said yesterday what message
stacy is fuckin fine it feels good in
there you just want to break something
you just want to break something so get
here what oh god oh my god
