what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here okay I got to stop this
hold on because somebody pointed it out
and I've been doing it lately
I've been saying camera to the camera
it's but camera I'm saying can't be had
a camera here oh that's true
kid behind a camera here is that right
no it's camera a don't fuck with me so
kid behind the camera here right right
camera okay what's going on you guys
keep you had a camera here for juice
yeah right there and today is your c200
I wanted to say that yo see 200 today is
Saturday and today is gonna be a great
day I'm so freaking excited dude don't
do the scream no I'm like really excited
jeez I can't wait to see it I don't know
that I've ever seen her this excited I'm
going for Brock I'm going for you know
honestly I love both of them they're so
awesome you don't watch UFC oh my gosh I
did okay just give me the name of Brock
Lesnar's opponent mark hunt
well why did you let him do that oh my
god dude this is absolutely ridiculous
what happened what it dad destroyed his
AC unit
what and you just watched you never dad
coming over yesterday and talking about
he needed us to fix his AC you because
he thought it was too hot yes he
destroyed it Wyatt took a fucking sword
or an axe or something to the fucking
air conditioning unit he destroyed it
he doesn't have air conditioning right
now we got to go over okay see source in
a few hours I'm getting mad right now
why don't we got a deal with it because
dad don't know to do well he destroyed
it he can freakin fix it anything
nothing
the one nobody here at 8 o'clock like I
told you dad I tried it no you didn't
try nobody it was work where she did I
call outside her die
yes yeah God I believe that I got
believe yeah the guy was gonna come be
at your house Monday morning bright and
early
well goodbye then I'll be done goddamn
noted a motherfucker your air
conditioning was fine now it's not it
was not fun it was over 100 degrees you
leave me morning you leave me no choice
but put you up in a fucking hotel now
you have to go you cannot stay there
right here your house is hot now it's
melting in that house I'm gonna stay
right the hell here
that's mother's my casa you've ruined it
for everybody you have to go to a
freakin dog friendly hotel you gotta
take your dogs to a hotel now cuz they
can't be in that house oh you know it'll
cost you seven seven eight thousand
dollars after new AC right all because
you would get nobody here this morning
hope you have the money Houston hotel
let you feel bad about that big boy I'm
miserable I bet you I was visible
walking through the house I'll go to
Waffle House to do is cold man this was
this this there's some stuff that you go
that I fixed it I try to fix it I tried
to fix okay yeah you really should you
miss did a number on your AC unit ad I
tried to fix it no you didn't I tried to
fix it Moses you did you're lying
more than you did receive Charles Toby
to the fucking ax to it I know dad I
guess not cuz I wasn't here to fuckin
film it I hope you're happy
I'm excited oh you're excited Erica day
you get to buy the unit
yeah but I don't know how long it's
gonna take to get one then you better
hold up your money
I'll cut holes there one of these walls
I got there get one you gotta go to a
hotel
boys you knock holes in the walls sorry
yeah you gotta add a care to that bill
hurry
well we're not paying for it we don't
have the money
new girls old Cody mama that's not Hill
out you don't want even admitting milk
going mode no dude way
why did you I missed it okay stop well
it doesn't want to stop it yes sir the
entire unit
ah yeah you can't you can't save it he
took an axe to it
yes sir that'd probably be incite you to
connect oh yes sir was an accident
yeah
I'll pay for
I'll pay you extra to be here in the
next 20 minutes
yes sir
yeah as soon as possible where what fuck
half flipped out man it's like hard to
breathe I got somebody coming Harada
he'll be here like an hour it was
expensive that that he destroyed the
whole unit dude straight to attack see
wood Wow flipped out well I'm not going
to stick around to film this new putting
in the unit Wow but I've got it all on
camera right here what is that this is
dad's camera I was messing with it
earlier I was thinking are you trying to
do some flaws with it or something I
tried to stop him holy shit I don't
think we filmed it that is so oh shit
holy shit Charlie saves the day it's too
hot all right we gotta go man you got
and I want to stay off set I talked to
dad for a minute well what I got uh okay
look at Stan's probably touch it is
camera anymore booth holy shit you guys
gotta go to a truck the truck and cool
off or come to my house oh let's get you
to a hotel
I just been staying away from I need
something to drink lately yeah me too
I'm gonna say man it's crazy it's he
knows he is going to get shit just like
with your refrigerator and stove when he
rolled up what is the sound man it still
runs fan no we got a fan in here oh
Jesus Christ it's too hot all right
seriously I can't well I hope you're
happy
I got listen I know you're by the talk
shit I got somebody coming they'll be
here in an hour
what they go fix now I'm gonna have to
get a whole thing he's gonna take
measurement and see what we're gonna get
it today you even find our damn AG today
I had to I had to pay some money I had
to drop a lot of coin for this
somebody's coming through I tell Bridget
it was her idea she found the guy
Yeah right look I don't care that you
got it freaking they're gonna be here if
you're too proud to leave I gotta
come today otherwise you're gonna fuckin
die he think it's bad a pool that I
could get a job in stay cool
well guess what you'd have a pool FINA
back into it you got me on out okay
guys coming here we hit have a little
appreciation I'm trying to help you out
thank you Michael I don't want that but
I just you know got to mock me you're
gonna have a fixin like fuckin maybe off
for hours well I go to know Jesus Christ
was wrong too
what was wrong with how it was if you
were hot before I can't imagine how you
feel now I'm gonna throw up
okay drink your frickin tea I'm not
gonna leave I believe you drink a half
of that ting right now you must really
want me throw up drink half the tea I
drink that's it okay you know you I
guarantee I'm getting pissed yeah I got
so nothing drink your tea Oh we'll get
ready so wait a minute what happened AC
guy left why did he leave I paid him
already yeah there were some problems
with the damn freon he kept going
getting the wrong bottle or something
like that damn yes I guess Saturday yeah
damn yeah you know had the wrong bottle
and stuff just you know that
so was it not fixed yeah you wouldn't be
able to get the free on earth until
Monday and stuff so we're about to go
stay at a hotel
are you serious yeah what about the dogs
well the dogs dog yeah yeah we're taking
them two minutes if it I'll sleep in
your room
oh my guns are going to go to Jamie's
van me dad dogs are going to go to
Hotel done some checks in okay dude so
okay I'm fucking pissed I mean like you
seducing ginger yeah you know nothing if
you do man knows dad you know I'm pissed
okay
of course it is white wait a minute why
isn't okay let me talk to dad is
sleeping I don't buy it he didn't want
to talk to me just give it to me
straight he don't want to talk yes
so what did I do here probably cuz I
didn't hang out in the heat with him
earlier okay
there's no talking all right I'm gonna
call the guy and find out what happened
myself what happened
so Michael is talking to the AC guy
I'm just trying to listen yes sir I
understand
don't nobody say I'm scared yes sir no
are you threatening me no bro oh good
almost what I don't like your attitude
apologize for what
what do you mean you asshole I will not
let you and if you do that I will not
know Hey karma oh my god now my foot
sticky Oh give me some more Jolly
Ranchers in a second no okay can you see
me yes okay he can't fix it today he's
got to fix it tomorrow
maybe Monday I thought he called me and
said it was all fucking fine obviously
it wasn't Wyatt - out sweep be mad at
your dad it's his fault
the guy that had to lie to my face and
tell me everything was gonna be fine
I'm sorry I blame your dad I blame dad
too but guess what that don't help
nothing there so look I don't know
anything about fixing air conditioning
units but he said there's some sort of
like many like tank or something like I
go like freon or something I look at a
fucking know I think freon they spray
into it or something I really don't know
do these sprayers I don't know anyway
there's like a mini tank and he had him
any tanks some whatever they're called
he said what it was but he got the wrong
one and so we had to go back to the
place where a guy that they were closed
he doesn't think they're open tomorrow
so he's probably gonna have to do what
Monday which means dad is gonna be
staying at a hotel with Charles for dogs
and for Ebola he's no they're going to
Jennifer's okay they're already there
but dad and four dogs with Charles are
gonna be in a fucking hotel till Monday
I'm had Bridget I'm close to crying I'm
so mad his unit was fine
it was just any you know what I'd
probably needed a piece a cheap $200
they didn't need anything it's been
finding herself every time I've been
there it's been cool I know you just
wanted something new
it is what it is stop filming me your
dad would be the worst president ever
what well that's going to be it for
today you guys thanks for watching
Bridget free outro uh Bridget went to go
get dad into a hotel so as you saw
earlier there's a part of the vlog where
I said you saw the air conditioning and
you didn't see the air conditioning and
the reason that is because I want to
save it for you guys to see tomorrow
because at the time I didn't know
anybody filmed it I didn't know Charles
got footage of grandpa destroying the
air conditioning unit now that I know I
was gonna save it all for you guys to
see tomorrow being that I didn't show
you guys the air conditioning unit
because I was expecting to put it in the
video tomorrow because you didn't see it
I will show you a piece of the video
check this out I just got around to
watching it it screwed up part of me is
more shocked the air conditioning unit
didn't explode cuz it started leaking
freon you can hear it hissing anyway
check out this scene this is after he
already smashes it with an axe whoops
I'm afraid to blow the hell up on
yourself why oh it's fine
anyway that's a preview for the video
click like if you want to see it I will
upload it tomorrow I won't know if you
guys even want to see this I you know
sometimes I sometimes you guys don't
want to see it so if you guys want to
see it click the like button I'll put it
out early tomorrow it's screwed up
excuse the quality I know it looked a
little wonky and there was probably
Lions going through it I'm assuming that
it does because there's a rendering
issue because they were filmed with two
different cameras so that's what
happened there so it looks a little bit
different but the whole video won't look
like that tomorrow if we upload it just
click like if you want to see it I'm
gonna get out of here thanks for
watching Bridget thanks for you know
taking care of this whole hotel shit for
me it's
it's too much sometimes I have like an
anxiety problem where I can't deal with
this kind of stuff when problems arise I
gotta just walk away from it so Bridget
thank you for taking care of this for me
I love you I want to give her too much
credit goddamn it I wouldn't be I don't
know where I'd be without you so thanks
for watching I'm gonna get out of here
and cut it there Michael don't even use
that part cut it out thanks for watching
you guys
like subscribe favorite and click like
if you want to see this give the man a
real goodbye open he was there yet two
days ago started calling back he said it
was coming near our old father you kiss
my ass let's column Ritchie who said two
days ago he said it was fine the unit is
two years old
