what's going on you guys kick me out a
camera here pimple-faced here show it
Oh pimple-faced pleasant talk look at
that nasty hat you're wearing what about
it
it's all hairy and I think Clyde slime
is on it oh yeah another hand yeah so
this is what she gives me even filthy or
even more disgusting man that's trash
you know what you got pimples on your
ass too god no I don't look I don't care
this is the hat that I'm wearing just
covered a dull pimple face laughing I
shouldn't foliate your ass oh my god
exfoliate your own face leave it where
you go oh here it is I already did and I
put cream on my face
holy shit it's huge I've got a pimple in
my face yeah they're all right here
oh so you guys know I have no pimples on
my head we just got boils in her ass
okay let's just do this really let's
just do this
go ahead what's really gross you guys as
soon as Michael well tell me a pop is f
pimples
that's why we're gonna believe that
they're gonna believe it tell the truth
to know today is Thursday and today I'm
telling a throwback Thursday story and
today and I got to be honest rigid I'm
thinking I'll break it up with you what
you saw that out there who would pop
your zits on your ass but enough of that
I'll have you know joke no more man
let's get this girl starting another
room no God don't want rumors about me
wear diapers got ask somebody else think
they're related to each other enough man
let's get the Thursday let's get this
Thursday started I just decided to film
Bella cuz she was looking real cute for
a second hey Bella oh okay
so here's your daily dose of Bella folks
Oh
daily dose of lazy I'll give that in a
second I want to see Bella skew or face
it she'll stand still come on Bell no no
yep nope let's show your face oh there
we go
got it okay lazy alright folks here's
your daily dose of lazy hey lazy hey
lazy thank you everyone a kiss give you
two-bit kids lazy
thank you Bella does not want me to film
quite at all
no that ain't right
hey kid hi Bridget you think you can
ship out Kim's computer you said you did
you told me was shift it's right there
Bella tell mama that ain't Kimmy once
her phrasal say eh she was crying about
it
oh my god you go Michael let's do it now
why do I gotta go anywhere now you get
still open I want to leave the house
we're going let's go right now
well I'm really happy right now cuz
Bridget decided to cook me a home-cooked
meal so let's get a good look at this
what's wrong with it why are you
laughing it's funny I haven't gotten to
the joke yet that's not the funny part
yet I want to mix her honey mustard I am
we're just making me this homemade
home-cooked meal we got some Alfredo
uh-huh okay first you got some chicken
sandwiches she's doing her cooking
process right now
what's watch it's pretty done oh yeah
she did this one she she's gotten it all
you missed that part
so you did Oh Bridget your meals done
yes so Thank You Bridget for the
home-cooked meal bell you can't have
none of this okay sounds like I want all
of this I accidentally did a upside down
yeah I don't care that it's not homemade
I think it's sweet she's making my
dinner for me I didn't want to have to
do it I think it's nice
annalee she knows how to cook chicken
patty
and I think like that it's hard work
really sorry I'm not I love it I'm
having so I want to thank you for making
my dinner for me
you walk well you're making a goofy face
because it's pepper well here's my BIM
there's no funny I think it's looks good
oh it's alfredo and chicken sandwiches
let's get this a taste so how your
recipe is you guys oh is it good at
least you really taste a mic radioactive
lady's radiation from the microwave you
will it taste as you do that in your
salt or even um it's good I'm happy
wouldn't be read in the show joking it's
good I don't think you're happy what do
you mean that word out let's go to five
guys no no don't make me an offer like
that I'll take you up on it
I thought you've liked my dinner I do
what five guys sounds pretty damn good
milkshakes no were there y-yeah no no no
no oh no no no no no yeah yeah yeah no
um yes well being that is throwback
Thursday I decided that I wanted to tell
you guys a story and I was trying to
think of what kind of story that I could
tell that would be relevant to the
summer and all that all that fun shit
you know and it hit me today marks 20
years to the day since I got the worst
foot injury of my life and it's
something that I've actually told on
video before but not that many people
have seen it and I did I left that a
bunch of details and I wasn't as good at
relaying what I was thinking on camera
and so I wanted to retell the story
being at today marks 20 years and so
this is the story it was one of the
worst years of my life so July 7th 1996
the day after my sister's birthday my
sister got a little kiddie pool for her
birthday present one year one of those
ones you get at Walmart for like 20
bucks and it fills up in five minutes
and she didn't want me to get in it with
dirt
feet we were sitting on the yard and she
done you gotta wash your feet off before
you can get into pool and she spraying
me with this hose like that's enough
fellows rang me and she didn't give a
shit she kept laughing so I take off
running I took I didn't want to be out
there anymore I took off running I
walked inside I called my dad on the
phone
Kim spraying me with the hose I want you
to come to sat down of course do one for
going over what he said it was a blur I
got pissed I hung up the phone and then
I looked in the kitchen and throughout
the kitchen were bloody footprints there
was footprint and there was blood oh I
was like what the fuck and I looked the
bottom of my foot I know what were you
doing yeah I was doing this so the
bottom of my foot I could tell it was
like a low prep check this out this
would look fuck and use the fluorescent
lighting about like that and it was
blood coming out of my foot and it was
coming out of my foot rapidly it was
just coming out with a little bit of a
it was a tiny bit of pressure and it was
pouring out of my foot and then I called
dad again you know just go go do for you
dad I need you to bring home a band-aid
I needed a band-aid well I did it more
than a band-aid but at the time I
thought a band-aid would fix everything
in retrospect I probably should have
told him that was a little worse than it
was but I didn't know myself so I just
thought I'd get a band-aid I thought
that would be fine and from there I
decide to go to the bathroom to maybe
get a sock on it or get some water of it
whatever I could do so I walked by my
brother who's watching baseball at the
time I go to the bathroom and I sit on
the floor and start looking at this gash
in my foot and it's pouring up blood
it's everywhere the bathroom that we
were in at the time was the size of a
closet and by the time I got back up
there was about this much blood over the
entire floor oh my god filling up the
bathroom and I started to get sick and
so I walked in and right when my brother
looked at me I guess I had blood all
over because I guess I was splashing in
it and it was on my face and my hands on
my shirt and Charles just goes
oh shit and he gets up and he can't
fucking believe it
something looks fucked up out here Kim
is in the backyard splashing in the pool
I'm dying inside because of what she did
to me so as it turned out when she was
spraying me with the hose and I took off
running there was a broken bottle in the
yard and it stuck up about this farm was
the base of a bottle with shards digging
up and when I ran my foot went directly
down and a win in my foot and came out
so quick and I didn't feel it huh I
didn't know anything was wrong so
Charles is looking at my foot he's
freaking out he takes a freaking sock
and rubs her on my foot and he ties it
and there's blood spraying on his face
Charles decided to call it dad when I
was laying on the floor bleeding to
death in the living room he calls dad
they were at my grandma's house at the
time he told him how serious it was they
needed to hurry the hell up and get back
here at the time I didn't even know
something was wrong I was like why is
everybody freaking out I knew it was bad
but it was that bad so my brother takes
me and puts me in this sleeping bag it
was one of that I just got it for my
birthday and I'm on the front porch and
the scorching heat freezing
it's about 115 degrees outside and I'm
on the front porch shivering because I'm
so cold in a sleeping bag and all I
remember is people it was it's kind of a
blur but I remember Charles coming up to
me and it's sort of you know
well he's look at me well you're gonna
be okay I came by my book so I'm gonna
face then I hope my eyes again and
there's Joe and I'm being here
everything's whoa next thing you know
I'm waking up in the back seat of the
car on the way to the hospital and I'm
puking I got puke all over me I was
puking at some point and all I hear is
oh my god
yeah fades Antigone again and then I
woke up in the hospital so about 45
minutes of my life was gone like that
because I was on my way to the hospital
I was bleed I was losing so much blood I
was dying it was bad I was dying so I
got to the hospital they were going to
make me wait and then they took one look
at me get him the fuck in emergency now
so they took me to the emergency room
and I don't remember any of this who
everything was sort of and this feelings
feeling over and according to everybody
Kym and Mom and Dad I was solid white I
was I looked like a corpse sitting on
this table and I was just laid out
they're hot they're giving me needles in
my foot they're sewing it up it was a
whole thing three hours later I remember
waking up now in that three hours I've
gotten stitches I've gotten medicine
I've got all kinds of shit done to me
x-rays to make sure it didn't touch the
boat all kinds of shit happen to me but
all I remember was waking up having
stitches on my foot and then going home
we're using a new camera right now the
story just got out of nowhere the camera
overheat over I hated what it's
currently in the freezer yeah that
cameras in the freezer
we're using a new camera to continue the
story luckily I can really whizz past
this park because I don't want to be
such a long story that you guys don't
want to hear it I just gotta say
something
I am so happy you survived that yeah me
too
you know I really love you and that
makes me real sad to hear anyway let's
move past all that mushy shit so the
next three and a half months of my life
I would describe as the worst
three-and-a-half months of my life
because what we didn't know at the time
see they thought I just punctured an
artery what actually happened is I
punctured a blood vessel and by sewing
the artery back together
they weren't fixing the puncture in the
blood vessel so what would happen is
every week for the next three months
seven days later the foot would burst
back open and it would start bleeding
and spring blood and
would go back and forth to the hospital
for the next three and a half months and
it wasn't getting fixed
there was no solving it nobody knew what
was wrong and it was three and a half
months of just pure misery I started
school and crutches we moved a whole new
life had begun and I was on crutches and
I couldn't walk and I was constantly and
out of the hospital I was getting shots
and stitches for three and a half months
at least once a week finally around
October of that year
we got some stitches done and it seemed
like it fixed it seemed like it was good
you know November comes around I'm
starting to learn how to walk again
it's amazing you forget how to walk
every time I was step one it felt like
my foot was sprained or something like
it really hurt and I was reloading I
walk and I was walking through school
and life was life was going really well
and then our friend Chris McArthur got
hit by a car and he died and then not
long after that my foot busted open
again this time my brother and me and we
were all wrestling in the bedroom and I
stomped my foot down on an air vent and
I was like oh my foots bleeding
so they took off this slipper I was
wearing and there was two streams of
blood oh my god it was the rest with it
it was spraying everywhere called 9-1-1
ambulance came and picked me up they
sewed me back up went back to the
tradition of another week later it burst
open again it was it was horrible it was
one of the worst experiences of my life
one day I woke up and I had red streaks
going up my leg which is apparently very
serious and they started jamming needles
in the muscle in my leg it was his and
this was almost a year of pure misery
but just pure fucking misery
finally they thought they fixed it again
they took out the stitches they gave me
butterfly stitches seemed like
everything was going good and then one
day I woke up and the entire bottom of
my foot was black it was just purple and
you could tell was like gunky blood
under the skin so they took me to the
doctor and without warning without
medicine without telling me without
preparing me this doctor took a scalpel
and started cutting
the bottom of fucking foot now I'm gonna
tell being held down it's like the worst
expect the worst thing I've ever felt in
my life
like total misery I'm screaming it's no
wonder you have such a high tolerance
yeah I felt pain my friend I have felt
pain like I said no medicine and he cut
a hole in the bottom of my foot from
there I had to soak the hole in the
bottom of my foot three times a day I
had to rip gauze off Bob my face the
gods were packed into the oh my okay
I had a hole in the bottom of my foot
about this big you can see the bone and
there was gauze stuck until we rip it
out and it would bleed every time we
took him out because it hurt and finally
finally it took about three months which
makes it almost an entire year so three
months of misery soaking my foot every
day watching it get a little smaller
every day finally I'm healed
thank God I haven't had a problem since
God Michael but what I do have left is a
reminder I have this little scar on the
bottom of my foot to remind me of the
worst year of my life that right there
is my painful reminder of the worst year
of my life can you see it Bridgette yeah
I mean you see it way better in person
either way well yeah but it's it's like
mutated yeah yeah you know that is just
crazy to me like I know you're lucky to
be touching it actually oh my god sure I
don't like I'm always afraid guys make a
little scare me ever since a kid I've
been afraid that this thing's gonna
burst that is scary to me yeah
it's scary to me too because it still
has like a weird touch to well yeah I
don't like that so you're gonna start
wearing socks honey that's the story I
left that a lot of details but it's such
a long story cuz it lasted almost a year
but that's it man I've heard of it I
stepped on a shard of glass which
punctured a blood vessel and nobody knew
for about a year and so I spent the next
year in and out of hospitals getting it
fixed and that was 20 years to today
which means next year my foot injury
will be old enough to drink
I don't like remembering that it was a
one of the worst years of my life but
well I am so thankful that you're fine
it hasn't happened since that's scary to
me I really I'm really really sorry you
went through that Oh comfort me I feel
sad that's real sad l don't care about
me she's my streets
I care about you well that's gonna be a
better day you guys thanks for watching
I realize most of this blog was a story
and I apologize for anybody that didn't
like that this is a sad story oh my god
I just took up so much time and I wanted
to tell it it was 20 years ago today and
I was just thinking about it
and it's one of those things that still
affects me I still think about it a lot
it was the worst year motherf I almost
died you know the doctor told us that if
we hadn't been any later I would have
bled to death so they were idea blood
transfusion I don't need I left that out
of the story
I needed a blood transfusion people so
it was I almost died so that's obviously
something that's gonna stick with me I
was almost not here so I think I was I
was just thinking about it that was 20
years ago today and Kim still blames
herself for it Kim it's cool dude you
know it was 20 years ago
bitch okay don't make you feel Oh Mike
reveal Lars sheshe was really almost
crying on the phone today we were
talking it's Kim seriously I don't hold
any grudges for it was an accident we
were kids we were swimming in a little
pool and you should have stopped on it
because she was spraying me with the
hose and I took off now who left the
glass they're our neighbors it's their
fault
the neighbors threw bottles over into
our yard I left that out too anyway I'm
gonna get out of here thanks for
watching you guys
miserable time I almost died that's what
the majority this was and I'm sorry if
you don't like the story dude
happy you're still alive in here thanks
red erupting me down the outro
appreciate that Wow
anyway thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe favorite I'm not turning it
back to her
follow me on everything she's out of the
outro and that's it ok you got thing for
to us and that's it wait that's my god I
want two large coke and a large sweet
tea I am not lying I grew up that map in
Jesus that's for sure but my mouth what
do you say oh that dog food is better
you know I need to make me a sign that
says just burger keys mac and cheese
sucks and walk out in front of your
store
