what's going on you guys kick me out of
camera here to us yeah right there and
today is Wednesday and two up it's my
turn now and today is July 6th and July
6 is very special for our family
you see July 6th we're celebrating a
birthday you see on July 6th 50 cent was
born so happy birthday 50 cents happy
birthday 50 cent
happy birthday 50 I'm obviously just
kidding everybody knows that July 6th is
George Bush's birthday so happy birthday
George Bush seriously on the real Oh
legit I just want to tell you happy
birthday Kevin Hart have birthday Kevin
Hart
no seriously on July 6 is the day that
Paul McCartney and John Lennon met each
other and eventually went on the former
Beatles so besties
okay it's Kevin's birthday birthday
bitch today is Kim's birthday and today
Kim if you're watching this we didn't
forget we got to the computer Bri just
forgot to ship it to you so thanks a lot
oh don't you play is it is it man yeah
it's you what how do I forget I've been
telling you to ship it I've been telling
you I'm too lazy to leave the house eat
it so just do it for me Kim it's here
for whenever you want to come down we
got a ship it to her all right let's do
that today him
we got you a computer we're going to
ship it to you at some point look for
around August or September or some time
that's why I'm going today to ship in
okay I'll do overnight I'm really sad so
I was like I wonder what Kim thought of
her computer and there it was well
you're a screw-up you did that
even worse than forgetting to get to
shit the computer to him is why she
bought it Bridget got him a computer to
play the which her okay she's got a no
ps4 now they gotta play online together
yeah it's enough Witcher dude we're
obsessed with The Witcher you're just
out of the loop
call me Ella Lou yeah cool no more I am
very cool I better start playing I'm
number one cool you're almost there but
you just gotta like butcher so I like
which I'll be number one cool yeah and
if you let me play it right now you're
very cool
today is July 6 today bridge is playing
The Witcher today I'm going with Grandpa
we're gonna try the mac and cheetos from
Burger King today I was gonna prank
grandpa but when I was over there the
other day I felt like he was catching on
so I'm pushing it it messes with the
timeline a little bit but I'm pushing it
it was my idea guys the prank was my
idea
no fuck this we just got done eating the
mac and cheetos from Burger King and Wow
yeah they failed
I got kicked off dad through the hell up
it was violent throwing I was gonna call
9-1-1 at one point hey woods that was
projectile vomiting and Charles is about
to puke out the parking lot he's filling
up the Cheetos box with vomit
oh god I'm leaking up that and look I
forget egg yolk he'll understand it
Lucas just it all over the ground
a third graduate of it do you see the
Mack and cheeto still all over the
ground from dad spitting at my window
why my window cuz it was open
that's it doesn't it talk about Mack -
yeah I don't know I ain't never getting
in that shit never I bet I could do a
better job
you think you could I won't do it let's
challenge it I tell I feel I'm gonna do
it you're gonna try to make better Mack
and Cheetos I'm gonna do it this week I
love it let's do it
so grandpa's gonna make his own mac and
cheese with Cheetos here we go boy and
mom will make you throw up I'm ready me
too cuz I was excited about the idea and
then I tasted it bridges bridge was like
bring me some home oh yeah why didn't we
get our bag oh damn man you driving over
curbs all day
all right yeah there's y'all warning
y'all got it to the next Burger King
challenge I'm getting tired of burn king
I'll be honest with you I love their
whoppers I love me that shit now how do
you feel I feel sick how did I did out
of poison people broken no I don't think
that's the case but bullshit maybe it
was like old or something what maybe it
was old I don't know old and nasty means
you didn't see you Bridget
dad threw up so I shouldn't try it no
literally Green vomit everywhere yeah it
was really yellow Devon yeah look like
straight-up egg yolk you uh
that's worship with my mouth man whales
they go come on we're now I don't even
better come up something better they're
gonna hear the next one so we just left
Burger King we got home uh ever you want
to grab how to try the Macan Cheetos you
don't want to miss this review trust me
well this week I'm obeyed by old Mac and
Cheetos yeah dad lazy to be edible dad's
gonna make his own son okay so kubal
that's how I would you think of it great
idea man I'm ready okay you throw up or
you know how I am you're eating now I
have your food if you got through to me
follow away thanks to you guys for
coming yeah go and stuff
those are store-bought meatballs anyway
they're good though so I want to get
away too much dad yelled at you boy
you're talking about it I just want
something yell the employees he threw up
it wasn't about safety pick your problem
the head oh my gosh you don't want to
miss this video grandpa tries to Mac and
Cheetos coming out tomorrow
I even all become physical were you
being serious yeah I think they can hire
a company I got my extension ladder I
got those from hammers and nails that's
exactly what they want that's my old man
would have money back with the video put
up for the cheese and puke uh sounds
really nasty
oh well maybe it was a bad batch I gotta
go
hey hey yeah yeah one two go to the
faster Michael I'm fine
the what Michael I did sure I did you
make it you gonna throw up with us yeah
ironic not me never to come election
that was L that was me that was the talk
about nasty thousand that's the ultimate
natsuna you'd be alright yeah I'm
leaving but you know they'll see the
shit tomorrow
how do you feel so I care about these
some of you guys know I feel they're
gonna help you off the couch you judge
me touch me
see you later Michael Bob urgent bye you
ready to go puke wrong I'm a beauty yeah
you're pukey okay what I that he had
never that T it's always a shirt it's
right there Oh
if you going show okay okay go
please go Colin I started running
through it over there oh yeah this shirt
you get at the end good grandpa's store
they pop it on the side right now
shameless girl for Oh God mac and cheese
smell it Michael here I got open a
window Oh Charlie give you $30 smell
right now Oh God
H is roughhouser Berkey Nike I'll give
it to you excited that's a smelly caper
dad's ass he shits out of that hobby
I'm sure Lulu is your but hey I thought
I was gonna upload the Burger King video
tomorrow as you can hear the beginning
of the vlog I didn't want to develop too
much information because I bit my tongue
oh damn this is not my day right now
okay I'm fine so I just asked everybody
on Twitter tonight do they want the
video tonight or do they want it
tomorrow
cuz some people might have been busy it
was an unexpected video so I wanted to
know if they wanted it today or if they
wanted it tomorrow and overwhelmingly
they wanted it today which by the way if
you're not following us on Twitter check
I thought but why aren't you following
us on Twitter first you know how are you
not following me yeah how are you not
following me on Twitter see I included
us I said US and USA me kidding how are
you not following us on Twitter
seriously if you will follow us a letter
you would have saw the boat and you
could have been part of that and am I is
her blood from my tongue bite holy yeah
what nope follow us on okay tell them to
follow us because we're super super cool
follow us because we're super super cool
yeah anyway check out the link below if
you haven't seen the Burger King video
grandpa tried the fucking Mac and
Cheetos from Burger King and they were
out look why are you cross-eyed what
okay girlfriend what does that mean flip
it up yeah you're lying
yeah just let me do my scene Hey
because miss winters I think I'm cross
I look forward to vlog sometime I'm
doing a scene no oh crap I you see it
now really did your smiley please don't
mess me I know
don't mess with me let me do the shit oh
geez day things
I'm Jonathan would try to do something
try to do something stop fighting sorry
okay you got me now please stop this
because I want to tell them what I think
happened at Burger King I know you
thought that yeah sometimes went is my I
cross I'm right Rick I always think
Shane know Nestle me talk about Thea
okay
so if you didn't see the Birkin video so
if you haven't seen the video yet
grandpa and I went to Burger King with
Charles and dad tried the Macan Cheetos
and they were disgusting I don't know
what the problem actually was about them
if you would've noticed we didn't try it
on the video Charles and I but we
actually did try it so check this out
this is me this is what I cut out of the
video of myself and Charles actually
trying the mac and cheetos cuz you guys
puke watch don't interrupt
oh my god
no no I'm not like I can't oh my god is
nasty you Darwin Carmichael
who the hell do they get comes up with
these ideas yeah those are love it not
fact you have it that shit my goddamn
drug so you are actually you do weird
not very carefully so is just to please
oh my god is nasty why is the camera
crooked it's like dude why my why is the
camera perfect you're just getting
lazier and lazier she's doing this
envisioning you watching your clips to
chase this please I don't want this a 30
minute scene of me talking about Burger
King just fucking Phil oh good anyways I
don't know what was wrong with the
burping Maggie you've gotta stop are you
pissing your pants oh no I didn't
believe that I watched somebody like
dame drops do it and other youtubers did
he like them yes he loved him but see
his was like a creamy fresh macaroni and
cheese now ours the mac and cheese was
like really dry and and the grit you
could tell they didn't change the grease
from the fries or anything cuz hey you
know Wow like we go to windy sometimes
and like the fries are nuggets not like
a chemical taste yeah it was a strong
chemical flavor and I think that's what
made dad throw up I hurt the camera wide
Michael let me see your eyes oh god
you're not cross I so what sometimes I
feel I look cross-eyed in the book
didn't stop
do I go shit there it is
I didn't stop oh I'll make me a
wonderful food oh yes
hey things it wasn't enough all right
now skip it I don't know Michael you're
talking me on my god you talk to me you
laugh that time oh sorry Michael I don't
know
don't break the TV get away from it I'm
not that pissed
why is it so dark hello Michael Green
here I don't know maybe it's dark
outside fuck TV is the fuck oh alright
sorry okay am I still dark
no that fixed it what the hell it was
because the camera was focusing on life
from the TV oh okay
Brewed so first of all I'm really happy
I didn't go to UFC 200 now we were going
to go to UFC 200 the main reason I was
going for the Brock Lesnar mark Quentin
fight but the second reason was the John
Jones Daniel Cormier fight and we just
found out that the fight is off of the
card because they found drugs or
something in Jon Jones system and I
don't want to judge the guy yet because
we don't know what kind of drugs were in
his system but fuck how many chances is
Jon Jones had stop doing drugs
I don't know if he's doing drugs he's
doing drugs you don't get it really
don't know that it might not be that we
can't judge the guy harshly yet but if
it is please stop dude they might be my
suspension for two years because of this
the height of your career the millions
you were gonna make I'm really upset
don't herbs that don't you Bridget stop
making judgments you don't know if he
did anything what if there's like pain
medication or we don't know that's
different do you know
okay what about its Co can I please
speak like last time look at Chael
Sonnen channel stunning hide
tire because he was trying to have a
child and they found testosterone and
shit and because the pills he was taking
so we could have a child with his wife
and that's illegal in the UFC so we
don't know what the deal is there's a
lot of things they could test for fired
for that
no he retired because they were going to
suspend it was a whole thing they were
going to suspend him he retired so I
don't know that sucks I love him I don't
know if that's why John Jones is off of
the card right now but if it is illegal
don't do drugs dude and what the fuck it
ruins everything Saturn that's ruined
now wait I'm trying to talk ok what you
didn't bother to mail it out today oh my
how about you remind me how about you
say hey Bridget let's go and mail this
package to Kim
can you just mail it please you do it me
OK alright I'll be back I'm going to UPS
oh I don't know how to write shut up I
don't know how to drive this is her
present oh my gosh
so say hey Bridget let's go to UPS so we
don't forget to mail this well that's
gonna be a for today you guys thanks for
watching pretty good day I went to grow
into freaking I was I was gonna say went
to grandpa I went to Burger King with
Grandpa and he tried the fricken I can't
think anymore the Cheetos things look
I'm my head's all jumbled up cuz of John
John shit so anyway but leave me alone
we tried the Macan Cheetos if you
haven't seen it check out the link below
that link you're about to click is
repulsive
there's a lot there's a other selves law
metal Aaron there's a vomit alarmist
stick your tongue out Oh God chill out
I didn't feel bad
hey I'm fine I'm not out of stroke you
feel like yes I felt it okay I'm just
slipping on my words my mind's jumping
up right now because the Jon Jones thing
happening cuz that's Kim's birthday
because I just put a vlog it's a whole
spiral in my head screwed up so anyway
if you haven't seen it check out the
link below
we ate the freakin Mac and Cheetos from
Burger King that's gonna be it for today
you guys thanks for watching there's one
nasty video is for polska it is a really
gross don't make it sound so disgusting
that they don't want to watch it they're
gonna click it it's amazing and genius
all right all right guys it's funny but
it's this gun no it's not even
disgusting you're gonna want to eat
while watching this oh don't eat when
you're watching this okay I blurt out
the vomit that's it like you're out of
the outro
so anyway that's gonna be it for today
you guys thanks for watching have a long
day it was a pretty long day pretty
picture very good bit they don't give a
fuck what this is yeah I think you've
already heard like two minutes out so
they don't want any more details
they don't care you played witcher like
this crappy Bay Bridge film and
everything but it was me Lyle Kim
trackage tomorrow okay if you remind me
I'll do it I'll do it
Oh your eyes what your eyes
Frank scaring me Michael
oh Jesus crying no don't try the back
teeth
this is the first day of everything oh
I'm done bro dude is vomiting in the cup
whole thing oh yes vomiting he's running
out a shirt
