what's going on you guys get behind a
camera here
dammit - uh see ya
okay I tried I try where were you I was
leaving the bathroom I called your name
unit man forget it
they call my name liar you lie hey I did
I thought you liked when I was in the
intros I was just gonna do like a bridge
of free air anyway okay let's just start
over
I'm a cut cut all this out Michael cut
cut Michael I got you can I do the
brillance right now what's going on you
guys can't be on a camera here again it
says here just say Bridgette West I
don't want to do pega incest what's
going on you guys get me on a camera
here pig at incest right there and I'm
joking what's going on you guys get
behind a camera here big stink bitch
here just do it right okay is a big
stink bitch well it's not bad as
stinkface say birds are Wes here cut all
this out - I can't sorry
leave me like that what's going on you
guys kid be on a camera here is he yeah
right there she smells like stink bait
incest Pigott so I'm joking you smell
like your dirty diaper
I don't wear diapers Bridgette first of
all today is Tuesday and today is July
5th and today if you haven't seen the
video we uploaded last night cause it
went out really late
it was our fourth of July video the
firework war if you haven't seen it
pause this check out the link below it's
a must-see it's one of my favorite vlogs
we've ever done really good vlog I
really enjoyed it and today we're going
over to grandpa's house see the damage
well we just got to Dad's house and the
mess in the yard is gone and a lot of
it's sitting right here
look at this Bridget and so the mess has
been transferred to these garbage cans
and this garbage can this wood toppled
over to the ground with stuff falling
out of it have you got it yeah it does
thing happy fourth of July people what a
hill dad get this thing you got it got
it from the get in store the get in
place oh my goodness it's a freaking
that's pretty funny a little the grandpa
you need something hi yeah
industrials going now I'd ever dad's
been calling you like a janitor or
something was Rico he did not he had the
boys call me what is it uncle J uncle
janitor oh my gosh cousin his johnny was
like I saw this cool oh yeah you sure
did see this oh let's go holy crap this
is the real deal dude I don't know how
he got it look at what happened Tina Oh
yeah now you gotta wonder how to help
Tina managed to get her hands on a
freaking janitorial mop bucket I don't
know that I couldn't find Walmart
how come Tina didn't come to the party
yesterday obviously she's upset because
of the stink bait chitta
in mud or a little too good yeah Tina's
upset right now you guys that was Connor
stink flavor touch too many times and I
just uh stink bait Tina just added me
through a friends circle Google in
whatever sergeant I had back as her back
oh girl oh you're not team he loves you
this is my cool rubber who's crazy this
is my janitor's closet so are you going
to mop no it's just cleaning here oh my
gosh why that's why I write when yeah I
mean it's just it's just really bizarre
and funny it's efficient you know with
dad the boys and stuff it gets
yokas dirty and hurry and stuff and a
little mop bucket stuff Optimus yeah so
let me ask you it's been a few days
behind that's all it's Charlie done any
better
hey boy you've been bumping you yeah II
but the buckets empty right there huh
you got you all kids up yeah Charlie's
done not sane boy really the
intervention helped see you say the way
to help I fuckin perfect the
intervention did nothing it was to talk
we had know what a dog hit a bitch with
the real and the real intervention let
me ask you
Internet well what help was it Tina
breaking your shit it wasn't us all here
on that front poor other dude doing it
like adults
yeah adults not Tina screaming it was
the talk had nothing to do with Tina
then Tina had no part of that Charlie's
a changed man I'm telling you doubt it
was damn given I just think you won't
admit you were wrong
was it money you try to pay me to agree
with you oh oh yeah I would take it but
I still say oh yeah oh you would that
where you are is where you roll what is
this Mimi drill bits for I don't need a
man I do not need you to get any more
12x
what's that the other one look you're a
good man Jerri it's gone
look oh shit oh God
you still have his drum I made a tough
day and you there still be supportive
that's disgusting
oh I might need this or what Dad
it attaches to his doomsday device oh my
god dad are you serious with this pack
of firecrackers sitting next to you Sara
Jesus no you bound them sure Cujo there
next to the fryer area ha ha ha ha I
think you might have done better go
ahead you hear me a dumbass leave it in
there he believed in bridge you should
see what you pick up out I'm afraid I'll
do it you present dog
man I'll go over the scoring my yard
look at damn Warlow
yeah I was hoping to get here before
anybody cleaned it but oh come on you
gotta been tofu gone afternoon the way
it is done jeez this is satisfies you I
do not believe you let it trash it we're
the Guardian to admin he would pick it
up hell broke up the stain hello Oh God
please don't stop it please stop it
Oh your help
oh my god taste back there don't ever do
that row I gotta get a thumbnail I got
fuckin I can't take the totals God you
ate all my fucking hand okay here we go
I'm getting the picture now man I got
poop down are you serious what I must
stay it's fucking putrid dude fucking
there but had to get cleaned up huh shit
goddamn shit boy what the hell I'm gonna
come out gotten out of that smell
uh-uh hands Magali enjoy hotels that Sam
Farha smell oh you see this head yeah
man it's a ghost box he says he's got a
ghost in house this house is haunted
I agree should we do a ghost on here
yeah Danny another fire dude he won't
Bobby delivery guy getting hit about it
it's good it did not do you right live
like it we should do a ghost hunt in
Grandpa's house well he's still so he's
still sick
I'm better now yeah Clegg like for the
ghost to hunt I think is like frozen
salt that all you do is eat no sometimes
he plays the video kay just what are you
doing 15 taking the route de plata UNITA
yeah I'm gonna take water right there
look I'm chipping off a freaking day
iceberg gee whiz that came off the day
I'm railing of the Titanic are you gonna
freakin are you yeah yes sir why would
he cut if he was not going to eat it you
know boy you got a CD what what does run
our family why what do you know you've
gotten a family why I need the bag of a
goddamn so did it why then you need to
quit that shit man why organize that's
up why quick dad thinking you would die
any minute
why stop that white shit why are you out
what what my what
give that plugin for they get you he
goes you got diabetes but show sweet I
put a gun in either goddamn cake here
you stuck it along like a gun in that
beer
come on man what why look how much there
is me stop the why shit why I am what
all right we're sides a joke
I got your door why hang in sick lie
till you do got your mojo scheduled why
why because I said so why ok it is
annoying stop it why it stop it why
stop it why ok uh you gonna stop why
right now we are working on some dinner
I'm making some spaghetti and meatballs
keep these out so good that even Dane
drops a warning eat it I doubt it
oh I did it noodles forget talk when I
was saying noodles are going in I know
the camera is gonna look off-screen up
because of the fluorescent lighting so
excuse me we did a video ok even the
flashlight is pissing me
right over here hey hey this is good if
we haven't seen it yet I did a video for
Dame drops today uh he did his five guy
burger mashup uh and the one that I
recommend ok the florist lot he's
pissing me off go to his channel
why do you be so rude I'm good
I'm sorry check it out uh check it out
the link is below it's also popping up
on those I remember what forget just
watch the video if you haven't seen it
yet I just do what you told me what
bridge I'm not using any of that footage
stop I got to do this I do I love being
please stop okay you were you're right
alright if you haven't seen this if you
haven't seen the video yet I did a video
on name drops channel Dame drops that
the guy did a video of VidCon with how's
the lighting out here holy crap look at
the clouds
they look like fucking clouds Bernie
look like creepy skin I need you out of
here you haven't seen the video just
check out the link ago to Dame drops
Channel I did an intro with dad making a
spaghetti noodles do you remember that
one time grandpa was boiling noodles for
like 30 men it was crazy wasn't it daddy
added more water
yeah dad was boiling his noodles like 45
minutes and then with the water starting
to evaporate out of it he added more
water cold water over the noodles it was
it was truly insane dude turning into
slime dude I know oh yeah I do remember
that was horrifying are my noodles done
I don't want to screw up dinner pull it
out I can't grab what so hot come on
uh-huh
almost al dente so Bridget has a bright
idea to not put any butter in our pasta
you know Michael so much together so
then yeah you screwed it up
you screwed it yeah well your meatballs
weren't fully cooked I think I got worms
they were fully cooked they cooked in
the oven and then cooked in the pot they
fully cook kidding oh yeah look at this
they actually need a little better now
than they were that's what all right you
know I'll try to get off like what's up
well you script garlic bread you get the
garlic bread too I thought it was good
but you still did it warm out of the
forest we're gonna think you're doing
coca-cola product placement Lenny got
you a coca-cola bottle still out on five
Cassie the bottle real quick let me just
rub the light back here
now it's generic I didn't go this fella
feel pain oh no fellow isn't feeling
good this mornin oh good it's getting so
noisy in here I know you guys look at
lazy like well that's gonna be it for
today you guys thanks for watching went
over to Grandpa's house he picked up a
lot of the garbage the camera died so
you didn't hear her dad and Charlie were
arguing with each other I got pissed
about that Charles and dad were almost
what dad was in Charlie's face I don't
say they were face to face dad was in
Charlie's face when he found out that
there was garbage
in the front yard and I didn't get it on
camera and I'm a little pissed about it
and I think it's time for a new camera I
agree it's oh it's a it's time this
thing keeps overheating when it suck if
this camera died and then we couldn't
vlog for like Oh drive day okay right
you talk about it no more until we get
we got that cannon over there so we have
another camera just in case something
how could but anyway thanks for watching
you guys long day
fun day it was kind of fun it was kind
of shit it was one of those in-between
kind of days dad and Charlie arguing the
dad almost threw up when I turned off
the camera because that actually did
started throwing up at the smell of the
garbage it was horrifying I didn't think
I smell that bad but I guess they did
Bridget thought it did
oh yeah NES smell um it wasn't like that
Bally any gag you didn't gag it stunk
yeah yeah it's smell like garbage to me
anyway
got a prank coming up on grandpa also
grandpa's gonna be trying those Burger
King Mac and Cheetos pretty soon and
that's it thank you watching hopefully
they're good that's gonna be afraid of
you guys thanks for watching like
subscribe
Maybourne fun everything for to us and
that's it okay talking huge y'all get
anyone started by you are Jesus Christ
rocks are man look you're 12 you're
right you sorry on one dish oh I
probably owe you an airplane in that
goddamn game
