okay now here's your baby talking you
can get high anyone start a fire you are
Jesus Christ our apps our panel appear
well you're right you sorry are down one
dish oh I probably were you an airplane
in that goddamn game well he was out
here a whole time dad trying oh I gotta
take a picture for you guys I was doing
something for you we didn't ask you to
God dog
oh maybe Luther came from space Oh
fucking God and he'll swear to it
he thought he was only playing like
goddamn game yeah who was that with
being Jesse James you know Jesse James
he asked me how they are you going on a
train robbery one meal a train right
we're ready go to Great Train Robbery
she got into a goddamn hot dog you know
it cost me nice when you sit use those
tongs look chin up here with it oh god
yeah music liar shit that's it is a fail
and a half we're gonna lose everything
dad use the tongs this is about fucked
up here what's going on you guys get
beyond a camera here you guys he yeah
right there in today oh we came through
the intro and today is July 4th happy
fourth down okay I'm sweating like a pig
cuz we were just outside for a while
it's hot I'm sweating too it's pretty
bad yeah I'm gonna target an item
Abednego today is July 4 and today we're
at grandpa's eating food and celebrating
the 4th I got to show his outfit check
this out
dad decided dress something Uncle Sam
I'm a real live Yankee but my uncle
solos good shot of this hat shirt
suspenders shorts socks flip-flop I'm
proud to be an American did you buy
American beer today uh we're not
what do you mean you're talking it you
didn't buy no America yes I did
well who dad's unraveling all the food
this is good I got a place here just
help yourself whatever y'all alright
sounds good to me
for all you young uns out there I want
to wish y'all happy 5th of July 4th of
July no could that be so bring out the
bar I need to be they gonna need to go
to oven get so they're gonna see this
tomorrow yeah I'm gonna go be drunk
tonight so pay attention I fell riding
the dad strap he was ready to say fourth
you are a weirdly goofy move I don't get
it yeah I need a good google what Holly
yeah you can who can be all jump you're
Larry hold your jab you do hey not this
one I'm having yeah this is it was all
for him what do you mean the boys almost
ruined it how's that good a wish of them
would that right Oh chill out good
where's that goddamn grief all that all
right lose the mic where you doing
outside we will go we will be nice to
everybody to need outside but yeah what
a miserable time that would have been
but we still spent you D down my enemy
the cha-cha Rommel quick yeah Leslie
might be with him dull I can't believe
it's true he's wearing the pink boy
started kid oh my god I miss hey Rock
too fucking hard to take off yeah what
what is I come there's a difference
between wait are you lost
there's a difference between waking up
in the morning and saying most fuller
and then waking up in the morning saying
fuck hey what's your language I saw huh
I got that good shooting on some
fireworks this one's called what does it
call Jay oh there's hot heavy weights
brothers heavy weights it's up to 500
years old
powder 36 shots all right Jay
yeah
clown we with you I try real hard I'm
going for two of these really not right
do you got going in there in go J
freedom ring happy birthday America from
Ray J Wow
man so GL even look at the explosion
light it up here we go let's get this G
Charlotte I stay late bound checked up
hey J I'm down here on my knees we need
to get a fisheye lens go ahead I don't
look at this oh I couldn't do you'd
almost have to be in that yard or so it
was an epic fail I tried to get over you
can see the explosion miles well he's
all GD out didn't work we failed we
embarrass ourselves yeah what what this
was this with only no shame this is
freedom day hey I was talking about
whatever the thousand years from now the
fourth of July actually morphed into
something almost like like a the purge
where freedom days actually do what you
want you know god I just pretty much do
it every time on banger people are
shooting fireworks at people yeah you
know I'm gonna shoot off my hair how
that happen someone left lets sorry God
rest the dead whoa this one is with
fireworks due to us styling and
profiling baby I'm sorry everybody will
get charlie yeah I make me feel awkward
you know look I'm not really man like
these guys are here the Meerkat Manor
over here
hey they're the ones
oh thanks make that one yeah how you
like my little girlfriend my eye all
right now all you are thinking piece of
glowing necklace they're the ones over
there twisting up the dang taut the
fuses to shoot two in a row now while
we're hitting it you can have enforced
light on Oh Russian blast man this is
what we do man we start Wars Wrangler if
every year we try to do a fire we'll try
to outdo the last man we try to be
everybody pretty sure last year we might
have lost like knew we had so much we
couldn't finish them man some got wet
and dang some we try to stay off the
next up we have throne room oh man you
don't feel it miss it's earth shattering
is man really I can't even show half of
what we're doing these guys man they're
giving us nothing they give us one look
look oh there was a shot right there
have you seen what we've been giving you
guys they didn't even see the last one
in recording we didn't gave them to 36
gun salute cool oh man
do you what are those the snipers I
think those are the snipers those those
are the Lao ones man huh so the biggest
casualty of tonight
is the shrapnel this is my eyes and
we're getting you shielded but you're
like yeah you got it man we need to
maybe shoot those in the middle of the
road or something limos yeah a lot of
crevasses laying right on us I'd
probably and we did record of a child
who's looking up wow that's it a little
burn with this sparkles all right I
guess yeah it burns both of July
shooting up fireworks good old time got
a whole crew here this is the eyes run
house Chris Chris my friend Chris yes
sir you owe me an episode of Vice
Principals here next week oh yeah that's
awesome May said was a DAT McBride if it
basically said had you know are you
willing to blow Danny McBride for this
role and he did it man Roper any smoke
Danny I'm just joking he didn't do that
I would but I would did yes if I prefer
role in the Danny McBride from I will
blow him I'm not even joking at all
whenever who knows what happened when
I'm he's founded I'm not joking yet oh
god it's quite enough I legitimately
thought that we too far uh uh I got some
trap you're asking people ourself oh
yeah this they want people to hold it I
said do we hold it you I couldn't ask
you to do that that means they want us
to without having a legal obligation
felling me and he's like fuck shit man
but he asked my opinion did you hear
about the guy last year
Oh anyway he's not with this anywhere
let's just back up J we don't know what
this is gonna do break a code
oh I'm getting the shot before I get
cover
it's Johnny oh god what oh man my camera
thumb doll it's raining powder in my
eyes all right you see mama coverage
yeah it's all over you bro oh no that
was already there no man that ain't dams
with the Sun powder is shrapnel my eyes
whose ass ah
Ron's hell whose ass run tells usually a
glowing neck
yeah I was focused on dad who was rather
who was eating chicken rather than
watching the fireworks
Oh big bitch oh excuse me fish chicken
of the scene so you don't care at all
about fireworks no comes fish here lies
here like that that battery that you
seen on the roller coaster
that's not impressed oh yeah yeah so
real
well then almost over would you think
wait fourth of July party I liked it it
was a lot of fun
ball pun Johnny and we care about any of
the fireworks you know playing the game
no well yeah Jason is shooting all the
fireworks yeah owed a good time oh
please mr. firework man please go shoot
some fireworks for me Bauer
catch yes huh good form of July yep
thank you so come on only visit the
middle of only to sit in the middle
ah no
how's awesome yeah yeah two minutes was
it oh that was gnarly
that's job Jay right on guys triple fail
tried to do ah here we go
this with the biggest one L we ever did
on the stones child to the sparks filled
me through the sparks like head what do
I get the camera oh thank you Shawn
Michaels for us ah finale whoa there's
no time let me go ahead and show some of
this yeah and look at this madness and
there's still a bunch more yeah the
batteries just dying we can't film it so
the war rages on
this is nuts dude you can have a lot to
clean Charlie work Charlie work and miss
em so shootin off and shit huh oh
goodness
well happy fourth of July thank you
buddy it's been awesome so close you
eyes over yeah well at least Fork
videoing here we go when I kid one who
leaves that could have been well I was
gonna leave but first I want to talk to
you Bob about your 1 million subscriber
promise yeah oh hell click the link
below if you haven't seen it dad agreed
to take Tina out on a date the halls
chop shop a big date a real date maybe a
kiss at the end of the night know that
I'm not I can't promise that I'm just I
promise you an egg will happen who knows
you know you might fall in love you must
kiss my ass too well dad thanks for
having us for the 4th yeah me too
oh I never showed this party in the
backyard it was nice it was it was a
good party yet nice job have nobody
nobody minded happy 4th of July
you guys first thing we've had in the
waiting room I know I'm proud of you for
I can still fuck it up no I don't all
right you're done
