what's going on you guys kick me on a
camera here but to us here right there
and today is Sunday and today we're
getting fireworks and today we're going
over to grandpa's and today we're having
a conversation with Charlie see I got a
save you from what Bridget hey Bridget
Bridget I have a trainer in for a new
one
great see how long she can do it folks
folks I'm trading a bridge for a new
model I want you guys at ba new models I
want to get a new model uh that's got a
year today is Sunday and today we got
have a conversation it's gonna be it's
gonna be a long conversation you guys
hopefully no fire I see pros and cons to
both sides look here's the pro it's dad
how dad's house if you don't want try
playing it you can get the fuck out
that's the pro yeah sure no I'm not
gonna take a stance but that's my stance
what do you think
I think if dad needs to do something
he's got to do something I absolutely
agree with that
why can't you just play it naive so
anyway that's what we're doing today oh
that was milk camera overheated I drank
milk cooled it down now we're back going
to magic look get out of my face okay oh
I've been assaulted folks did you see it
look today is salted face yeah if I get
a salt I'm gonna go I'm not looking
forward to this conversation
it can't go well it's good I just hope
it doesn't go as bad as the intervention
did so anyway forget all this I am
leaving
I just do the intro let's get this
sundae started is this can I do the
intro
no you cannot yeah I can't I was closing
out the intro and you got
this day off fair so let's go ahead and
get let's get this son base stop it
let's get this Sunday started let's get
to Dad's house let's get some five leave
me alone
just enough a little did you have you
know they did that's what's planning my
work yeah man
nothing all that all our chili shots
mostly yeah yeah so we got mostly
artillery stuff we got this for 36 shots
each yeah this right here perfect little
things for the kids we're gonna have a
pop at it that is a box full of these
damn so yeah exactly yeah we must think
of Denali
all right word I appreciate yeah that's
awesome we're gonna have big finale and
hey everybody good news new shirt there
today today that he's wearing a pink boy
stuff like a month yeah Oh more than
that not a new shirt fully a new go for
anything so maybe I'm gonna do it all
but you go dad you cut it off you yeah
yeah
so we're at dad's house bring it a lot
of fireworks conversion film the
conversation now I give you want to have
a big talk can she film yeah oh god
don't filmers forget it I was gonna film
anyway not okay anyway you know it film
it for everybody anyway because yeah
everybody food up on fire yeah there's
so many like options like catfish stew
macaroni revs pork a hot dog right over
there you gotta cover us
just a tough shot having to do all right
fade means holy crap
Oh entertainers just like to do this
strawberries oh wow thank you
soaking in sugar woman yeah well one
I'll get my own fingers mm-hmm if you
ask me to have proofs or vegetables
soaking in children and The Glades bat
therefore it really how many guys have
potato salad
yep Wow well the strawberries are good
Wow got macaroni salad dang you went all
out and I used are gonna meet us
tomorrow oh my gosh what's this this is
the pork pulled pork for barbecue that
is awesome
yeah BAM well you went all out I know
hey he's only four through I want man
do you have soda yeah I got pretty tight
approval okay measures also was that
yeah all I see is brisk Artie in water
80 cans holy shit
let's try let's trust him for now all
right oh my god so heavy
what's this oh that's got Stu catfish
Duke holy moly
I got oh my gosh this is so much so
we're all good our little taco Dan what
do you can't see dancing you got me
goichi yeah I'll take a seat you being
so nice today well no no it's on go to
Arthur for your favorite holiday I like
I like put you on it's a great holiday
it's always fun you also miss Britain of
course damn can vastly you that's what
Kim one that gave her like a fake recipe
oh my god looking on a strawberry Jill
yeah go bake the cake your lower this
can we good and how do you start cooking
the meat the fish the poor Hamburg the
hot dog or the chair oh my gosh well
that's all the food for the fourth of
July now we need to have a conversation
you know dad I've noticed people have
little bowls of candy and stuff in their
house dad's not like a fucking bowl of
nails this is raw my gosh
thing goes for the door for the door hi
Doug
where's Doug right there peeking it
through the door Bridget look at him
there you were in the door hey Dad wait
knowing you man we go pick it up you'll
do it right now
no why do you sleep okay oh damn thank
you we can't let it do it leave boil oh
but don't you want to have how frickin
conversation in private
it's alright man this it's not too
private well yeah that's a good point
that's true everybody dude up is facing
not facing your head well dad start off
talked on we had no secret
well started off man you started off you
the one who start bitching to me on the
phone I play the game too much look in
the camera say my name's trolley green
diamond out my name is Charlie green and
I call free game at a holic know your
name talk mean you don't go by charter
you're lyin
I go by Charlie now no ID you won't have
the same name you shamed him to have
your name now yeah I don't think I'm I
have it sir I don't think there's gonna
be a Charles Marvin green the fourth but
my name is Toby they're all agreed the
word got one to blow we don't need
another c4 I blow it Oh buddy
look dad do you know that goddamn
Gameboy I lie yeah to be honest what is
wrong with games
hold on Bridget day you're gonna get you
why you didn't do it yeah just let it be
on Charlie side stay out of it
no I mean I'm on both sides it's just I
love games so much I don't see it you
don't you know usually little shit rise
you are you playing the game yes she she
ignores me
no you ignore me when you play yeah
why's your house always fucked up it's
not it yes Lucas yeah he's trying to say
our house is shitty y'all got one s is
how the only time you watch the screens
when you'll probably be clean it's
nothing s sure a decent house huh am i
back or not
yeah that's pretty clean over again I
was on your way to your house I was on
Dad's on initial about thing about to
switch teams oh yeah you know I think
you should play as many games as you
want to be on here you move into your
house and I live no now I got games to
play myself why can you move your guy
can we give this conversation without
fighting okay why can't move in your
house cuz I got I got games to play
myself
you got spare game you guys be a room
you go well no we don't you don't want
my car this you got involved can we have
our conversation yeah they great I'll
let you record it they all agreed but
don't insert yourself in it right now
this family like dad's really about
Bridget family oh yeah he can record I
just said your family thank you
your family okay I find out that shit
stop it
we gotta have this how I she the Miller
sheets I didn't surf herself
they're gonna be having grandbabies soon
can we have the conversation Bridget
yeah well yeah I can be a what's gonna
call a little GTA oh yeah I keep Michael
Trevor and Franklin there's gonna be the
three boys Michael which are green they
have NASA innovation I'm gonna be
stealing cars
hey don't egg up on me I'm getting my
hat I don't give a damn get up behind me
you got a reason be behind hiruta too
worked up yeah we can back up down you
I'm tired man you stealing I'm told am
god it's not all the you Merrick I
didn't get good I'm you know just what
can I say I'm a liar and
sighs did you alive it's already getting
bad no call I mean we want to sit down
and talk you know
let's listen game dialogue this is all
about my sin you and your dating
whoops thing you or did I kick your ass
bringing a goddamn ps4 turn the Wi-Fi
off me has he does keep it turned on
don't do that then the boys don't got
nothing to play now you can't buy then
you care about the boys you wanted to
play you know they like their game right
now get them anything they want so I
mean you gotta keep the Wi-Fi on we show
about you read on boys take his
controller away it's brutal
it's not charging like it's supposed to
it's net so you can't play it anyway
there you go maybe that's why you'd be
even or badly agreeing on the way the
player you slick toke ah damn I learned
the reason if no wonder you ain't played
a couple days good - goddamn Patrol I
got it I got it I gotta admit you don't
have been doing it yeah and if putting
off make anything you use man you mean
what shit oh my gosh oh my god you
worship I can play it if I wanted it you
know it's charged up I could play I can
go in there plant right now you know
hey that's what good shit like it's
pretty crazy yeah he was from pretend he
was trying to steamrolls making think he
stopped oh oh my gosh I'm just doing
what I just want everybody freaking on
the internet and crap you know think
that that's all I do is sit around play
games and well you there's still time to
change oh god right now you don't want
them to think that that don't do that
that's true I mean there's been a couple
more let's say man you know this is what
this is about you know I'm not I'm not
denying it you know it's true
I think the first thing Charlie neat I
don't know how to think about it are you
doing I'm going in y'all doing the
fucking Olaf I'm talking but I'm the one
sitting in the Sun here this talk was oh
yeah I'm sweating my ass off here
well shall we this was your idea it was
a sin see it works are we done talking
no we're going back in to finish this
conversation
boy boy uh-huh I'm trying you're living
this you want this one conversation was
your idea I was over I'm looking for the
man
look listen maybe sweet charlie short
and sweet
you play too much you got to stop
playing so much right right
watermelon time so you in charge better
look thing yeah I'm with that with you
will see nice you got any more
watermelon this yeah I'll get more bar
yeah I like to have some fourth is a lot
water my Oh God
you piece of that get that piece Haley
Doughboy bar melon mmm
well then i'ma see you tomorrow
fourth of July yep you ready for a
balls-to-the-wall day yep
well we're headed out you guys put in
the door was that obvious I guess now
we're fishing huh yeah okay that was now
totally necessary horrible let me tell
you something nice that better be in
when I get back tomorrow Doug that's all
I gotta say
right you don't be mean to my dad I was
joking Bridget Charlie look at me the
hammer
yeah yeah go get it and then hit him in
the head with it Oh God
probably hurt the hammer probably dug
his hard-headed
Network yep let me leave you two
lovebirds alone cool man
enjoy the convo enjoyed the chicken just
make a chick enjoy the girly and then no
don't say that Bridget don't make him
make him happy half the day exactly half
the day why he sleeps at eight o'clock
at night Manson you got all night to
plate again even playin tonight I'm cool
and we're gonna strike that I'm a strike
a comforter uncomfortable yeah yeah I
play Windows big kids are sleep
obviously you know my life sucks for him
when he's not happy you know he's not
gonna he's not gonna make it easy on me
exactly I mean and you know and I'm man
enough to a damn acknowledge and realize
the fact you know that maybe I am kind
of yeah neglecting the boys a little bit
not taking about bike rides and stuff
like that you know am i bothering you
Doug you want door up right get back to
work let's get out of here really work
until you can ride with that thanks for
doing this dad yeah well we just got
back from dad's house and it didn't go
as bad as I thought it seemed like a
productive conversation he was trying to
insult me who dad yeah well you want me
to you're gonna call him Tom go fuck
himself
absolutely come on Bridget he was that I
just kidding it was tense
everybody was definitely time then we
ate a bunch of watermelon okay it goes
it in go back back so it really wasn't
that conversation went well
tomorrow we're going over to Grandpa's
house put the 4th of July
Tina's gonna be there and she and
Charles have some shit going on right
now she hurt her foot that's a whole
thing
Tia I last I heard Tina wants to beat
his ass Tina want some mess trolley up
hey who knows maybe there'll be a fourth
of July fistfight I know there will be a
lot of fireworks going off in the fourth
of July anyway that's how they do in the
old days oh there's gonna be a fourth of
July bro anyway you know it didn't go as
bad as I thought and I'm kind of happy
me too I'm glad it was pretty calm and
contented now I'm thinking about
tomorrow maybe it'll be fun I mean you
know yeah there be a real boy ass we'll
have to like talk to Tina and kind of
hold her back probably from snapping
listen stinkbait just hurt just joking
that' that'll send you're wondering how
we managed to get through a whole vlog
without showing her warrants oh there
you go girl little Bella what's up quad
all right there you go let's move this
out of your way
Bella you nervous for tomorrow she's
really really nervous she gets scared a
firework my gosh she hates the fourth of
July and New Year's she hates it you
know tomorrow's the Big Bend day right
Bella oh and we won't be here for her oh
she's gonna be so scared sorry girl
worst part about being a bulldog has got
these wrinkles you got to clean with
these wipes that you get their special
wipes poor thing
I don't know how they got so bad so
clean that's okay she just got off
antibiotics they tell us if they keeps
happening they might to cut off our
wrinkles and I hope they don't have to
do that to her
oh gosh that'd be horrible I don't want
that to happen
I love her little wrinkles use them when
this happens it clears up pretty quick
though
glides over like nope not me the clean
has to so no I have like Clyde he's like
no yeah no babies yeah it ain't so bad
no meanwhile yeah they always run away
after I'm not finished they go hard my
dad's fat leg oh alright quad you in
life well that's gonna be it for today
you guys thanks for watching
very long conversation very productive
conversation almost took a turn for the
worse but oh man we got through it so
good day tomorrow's the 4th of July
Wow I hope everything goes well I'm just
a tad worried cuz Tina's coming to the
4th of July so fat fish and stink bait
in the same class and I really want
those nicknames too steak oh my gosh
anyway stink bait stink bait big things
I'm gonna give out here thanks for
watching you guys hope you enjoyed the
vlog you did smack a like if you didn't
smack a like so just do that from Kim
she doesn't bust you guys is if you like
that you can't even do it
I remember now if you like this voice
like you thought you didn't like
subscribe yeah thanks for watching you
guys that's gonna be it for today like
subscribe favorite fell on everything
but us and the cameras overheating
already we've used it like three times
today God by camera for today yes bloody
that I'm the cameras overheating oh I'm
not gonna have this well stop making fun
of me
okay I'm sorry stop it back in there no
Jack I'd a to grab a good look at it
