what's going on you guys diarrhea girl
behind the camera here vigil I see yeah
hey your diary ignore know what's going
on you guys kid behind a camera here
stink bait here you're gonna stink
hey oh come on I don't pull that off
that ain't me honestly if you haven't
seen the videos we uploaded yesterday
stop this you have to watch it okay
think they they're crazy
yesterday I uploaded a video on the main
channel where Tina
went and Charlie's room and they almost
got into a fucking fistfight it that was
totally terrifying but the aftermath I
was dying the Esso the main channel
video that you can watch first
is Tina destroying Charlie's crab and
screaming almost getting in a fight and
then the aftermath is they roast each
other and it was ugly folks think babe
you know Oh might be we're gonna start
calling Tina sting fate now definitely
start calling her stinkbait oh yeah I
kind of wanted to stay oh my god a new
youtube channel called stinkface oh
there's gotta be like a yah there's
gotta be I gotta check the comments you
guys are let me down up the resin so he
called her stinkbait he made fun of her
nails saying they were dollar general
adhesive strips oh my god she said it
was crazy watch the video Charles and
Tina roast each other the dogs like
pushing a bowling around the floor right
now anyway let's go ahead and get this
day started was it Saturday
yeah let's get this Saturday started
before we do the other day yesterday we
went out to eat at fats cafe and I
filmed a scene and once again I was
gonna try to slip it into the vlog but
now I'm wearing this shirt so I can't
check it out this was me trying ranch
dressing for the very first time oh my
gosh
like ranch is so good I didn't know
anyway I loved it huh let's get this
that that Saturday must come on I'm
getting a list let's get this fat okay
take your tongue out alright do you feel
that yes come on
broke let's get this Saturday started
ranch dressing style Oh booth groans huh
so right now right this restaurant I've
never tasted ranch before right so she's
trying to force nacho
I really can't do it come on man I don't
know no you go more look at more all
right got it
that's good
I'm hope it's good
all right okay what do I get if I eat
whatever you want I got to choose a
hundred moves all right you're gonna
agree to that
yeah I know you're gonna like it that's
a okay so I love you can get guys know
if I'm right I do it she's a hundred is
in reviews and just kidding I'm just
kidding
love it
pretty good all right all right you will
I cannot believe never have ranch or
chicken tender and ranch we neither now
truly that's insane
it's good I'm out oh here we go Bridget
oh shit
wrestle Kraig time to shirt is pink Oh
pink Hank okay wrestle crate
I got a pro wrestling crate the other
day and I didn't even know but an old
camera it was so tiny and bullshit
it's like one shirt and a pair of
glasses listen fuck this
not okay so yeah it's sitting on the
table right now just cancel the damn
description please okay first thing this
month is an ultimate ultimate warrior
pop figure oh that is so cool
rest in peace warrior Wow Ring of Honor
global Wars has got AJ Styles the
Briscoes naka Miura the bullet club it's
got everybody dude
no that's sick I'm watching this shit
man that's pretty cool wow that's it see
fuck the other one mousepad oh you
actually need one Russell it's a wrestle
crack mousepad oh my gosh a mouse bud Oh
Jonny Gargano r2 girl oh wow that's neat
Wow
short time so we got the Johnny garnet I
can't pronounce his name for shit
Johnny's autograph the mousepad the DVD
though the ultimate warrior pop figure
the linear holder and this pink shirt I
can do a magic trick no okay
it was a shirt from SummerSlam 92 at
Wembley Stadium Bret Hart versus the
British bulldog that's pretty neat you I
think it was Wembley Stadium it's in
London by the way check it out I should
do a magic trick I mean people won't see
what I look like in pink we'll see if
I'm pretty in pink ready dude for this
yeah
Hey Oh God
how'd you do that Oh God it's a tight I
don't think pink color huh
God we're gonna ping that laughs worth
it oh thank you guys I was oh my god
looking a real babe yes you did not man
I think isn't your color though hon yeah
I'm blown up right now you're so cute I
look at babe no you don't okay you're my
babes oh Russell cranked love it great
great this come on stop filming now I'm
embarrassed don't be a bear is it was so
cute oh you thought this come piss away
Oh Michael that better not be P cuz if
it is you were going to the doctor's why
the piss is it really it's tea for my
390 oh okay
would you take the shit oh uh if tea not
nasty so one of the things I wanted to
talk about in the vlog today is you'll
notice sometimes people ask me why I
make certain cuts in the videos and a
lot of them say that to prove they're
fake and they say oh he cut it right
here bread this home and camera just
like what hey I'm sponsored yeah a lot
of people say Oh a lot of people say oh
they must have fucked up right there so
it kind of but that's not the case
usually what I'll have what'll happen is
there's a lot of cussing or it just
becomes or a lot of airtime there's a
lot of times where you know nobody's
talking for you know a minute we're just
pissed off at each other and I want to
keep two minutes of dead silence nobody
wants to watch that so I'll cut or a lot
of times like this case for yesterday's
video it can just get too vulgar it's
like you know
there is a there is overkill okay so if
like somebody's saying GDS over and over
I'm like I got to cut this it's just
sometimes it can get way too vulgar and
I'm already vulgar enough I don't want
to cross the line between extra vulgar
so sometimes if there's a scene that's
just too gratuitous I'm like okay I got
to cut that out so anyway this is
yesterday's video so you can see some of
the parts that I did cut out I'm not so
whole video obviously yeah you know but
this is some of the stuff that I cut out
you'll see where the cuts happened
because it was just too over enjoy okay
no cutter down up is this y'all's ideas
you strike I love them to do with it
here you gotta doing it he's fucking
filming it's probably fine oh god no
that's just the top that's just the
cover hope she's got the fucking money
to pay for this cuz she's the one
replacing it with a broke ass and I just
remembered last week I told you guys to
click like if you wanted to see the
scene that I filmed on Father's Day the
only scene that I actually filmed on
Father's Day was when dad had crabs and
all the indebted him crowd he had crabs
anyway it does have crabs ill he
probably has crabs and he definitely has
ball cheese okay yeah that's too much I
don't talk about this anymore
look dad got crabs for father it was one
of those things where he got Pitt you'll
see in the clip actually dad's pissed
off that he kept up he said that it's
hard to explain it's hard to even talk
about cuz I get so pissed off about it
on Father's Day dad got pissed off at
because he had to cook his own father's
ate dinner and you'll see in the clip
that I tell him you shouldn't cook your
own father's anyway check out the clip
you guys clicked like you wanted to see
it I forgot to show it I didn't forget
but I went to VidCon and all this other
stuff happens so anyway check it out I
mean okay I got this that's what Oh
steaks yeah
bleh gran traps the crab show shrimp
I pray that is fucking crawdad Wow why
on the bag they're alive in there yeah
you got my bag scared the hell out of a
guy God don't you guide a to grab do it
oh my God look at it no God oh yeah Jim
another better fight you go get dad
please right dad
Jesus sad damn no more oh boy oh yeah I
dare you put your mouth up to it how
dare me do i stupid you do you do oh
holy trying to bite the camera yeah he
got it he got the camera yes just wait
till I get there and we'll talk about it
okay you do that if you pick a smart god
hey if you think it's smart do it
I think it's fucking stupid I'm going to
be over tomorrow
chill we'll do a big fit I'll - we'll
all talk I'll sit down no I don't give a
shit Tina I don't care if every Tomer
foots broken that's not that happened in
our house let's find a fine okay
do good yes
tomorrow we'll have a big talk I'll tell
his ass to stay I'll talk to him about
it okay just chill out
stop freaking out for the day yeah I'd
like that but are you scaring me come on
that's all right stop spying on me I'm
on the phone everyone and myself
included wants to see it
no you just wanted to see it yourself
and everyone click like if you want to
hear the conversations that I have with
that and I'll start putting on speaker
every time but I don't think they care
oh my god well he was talking shit he
was talking about Tina is Tina like the
other day you know it's hard and fought
her nails broke how about
bad we can't talk about this because it
might be simple with Charles and I don't
want to talk about well it's true ain't
it yeah it's something with Charles and
we can't talk about it
Charles watches the balls oh we can't
talk about oh but anyways yeah
anyway teens being a bitch dad's being a
bitch Charles being a bitch everybody's
being a bitch over there except does may
we're being bitches - I why are we being
bitches I don't know you can see me
right now
I'm using this for lighting I don't you
can see me wanted to talk to you guys to
let you know I got a prank coming up
it's been really intense lately uh real
intense has been fighting and shit
talking and just a whole lot of drama
and I wanted to lighten the mood a
little bit so this week I will be
pranking Negra grandpa I might not it
may keep you from going to Las Vegas
uh-huh because I got to do the prank on
observing date and but I'm gonna prank
grandpa next week stay tuned keep your
eye out for gonna prank them I thought I
had something all mid house in there
stupid for a second anyway had nothing
kind of prank dad Keep Watch
it's coming next week dad you get prank
cuz I gotta I gotta cut the drama a
little bit I gotta lighten the mood a
little bit too many too much hate
between Charles and Tina he's calling
her frickin was a stink bait he's
getting friend now that I'm here if you
guys just want to see how crappy this
pro-wrestling crate was this month check
this out look at this a poster glasses
and it was a shirt and that's it dude
they gave us freaking nothing well
that's going to be a fun day you guys
thanks for watching
showed you a lot of stuff and the vlog
today showed you some of the extra
footage that I cut out of the video
yesterday showed you the crab footage
showed you me trying ranch for the first
time open to Russell Crowe had a pretty
good day pretty long day it's about 10
o'clock at night right
it was a pretty good day without all
that drama oh there was still jump for
me
Wow I had to talk on the phone I'm
ignoring it I tried to call Tina a
couple times she had an answer try to
get to record that oh yeah and you
scared me I guess that could be some
drama
that wasn't drew we had no drama it was
a pretty good day it was aside from the
phone call with dad what that was pizza
fuck oh whoa boy I don't know what he's
talking about he was just talking about
getting pissed off with Charles I'm
going over to Dad's house tomorrow we're
gonna talk so that's all I know
make sure you watch tomorrow's vlog I'm
sure dad Charles and I are gonna have a
conversation and dad next week you're
getting pranked so anyway
I'm gonna get out of here bet serves
that he deserves non-stop prank it's
like I said it's less for that and more
I just want to cut out you know cut the
tension a little bit it's been really
tense lately and I'd like to just cut it
a little bit just just do something fun
so we're gonna prank him but anyway I'm
gonna get out of here thanks for
watching you guys like subscribe
favorite fun everything for to us don't
oh you know you wanna love you guys just
solves ideas right Wyatt letting me do
with it
we gotta do it stop screaming in my hair
