what's going on you guys get beyond a
camera here bitch oh I see yeah right
there and today I'm playing Witcher can
I please play with Josh it's already on
the screen right now it's starting up
already
shit love you guys you leaving
oh my ABI their targets in low she just
left the intro to play The Witcher I
can't do the enjoy this talking no I
mean it takes a while for it to load it
okay
she's us what is today cuz we didn't do
a vlog yesterday what's today day and
Wednesday Wednesday June 29th they
needed what I have to have a newspaper
running me today is Wednesday and
yesterday we did upload a vlog because I
got food poisoning or something but I
don't know what happened I think I might
have caught something at the airport I
got sick yesterday I didn't get out of
bed I'm honestly really shocked that
you're actually better today it was like
it was better like 60 days I was a puke
and it was disgusting and I didn't get
it you didn't cared you didn't check
home but by the way you played The
Witcher ok that's not true that isn't I
brought you soup what's up soup I wanted
something good we were sick you could
have freaking I heat up some chicken
noodle soup and I brought it to with
some orange juice she liked what she did
she heated up with 8 and then ran out it
burned
ok that it happened anyway about 10
minutes ago
right before we did the intro I unboxed
a whole bunch of wrestling crab and the
the idea was gonna be I could just
insert it into the vlog at the later
date and then I realized change my shirt
so ok I can't I have to tell them that I
didn't know though otherwise they're
gonna see me wearing this shirt you took
a shower right but now I gotta let them
know I filmed it earlier little bit like
three you don't know him yeah this was
filmed about ten minutes ago
but I couldn't put it before the intro
so anyway check it out
unboxing a whole bunch of wrestling shit
if no one cares about this box man you
know what I do okay
I do well today I got a special box in
Bridget does not know what this is yet
what is it so maybe some of you really
then I should open it I want to open it
what is it
would you want to be surprised I don't
trust you okay we got the ultimate TLC
playset there's a ton of shit in here oh
my gosh yes
all wrestling stuff babe matter of fact
I'm a text picture to fucking gram Wow
oh my format I don't know maybe I
cracked it
don't talk around watch my phone I'm
just kidding okay I don't know your
phone is nor do I care
first thing I got is the Heartbreak Kid
Shawn Michaels leap failure oh well I'm
gonna go through this quick they don't
kill talk about this second mr. America
Hulk Hogan alright next I did not order
Alberto Del Rio they better have given
me whoever I ordered instead of this -
maybe he was free cuz you ordered I
asked a figures the rock with the
Intercontinental Championship oh shit
that is so neat Jim the anvil Neidhart
that's Natalie's mady's that from told
divas Bridget huh
that's why she knows him okay the
exclusive Kevin Nash NWO belt figure oh
well the dogs really cool in that yeah
it is okay Kevin Owens with NXT
championship very nice
wait please hurry up
Samoa Joe I can feel the board Samoa Joe
I get it I know I'm just gonna slow down
Bret Hart
Kofi Kingston guys you get some ah you
stop punching them Xavier woods I get it
they were so much Oh
Jerry's fags why do I need Jerry sags
I got him anyway fucking Bryan knobs all
right you gotta hurry up dude
okay here we getting real qua huh stayin
all right keep going keep going
this this Neville whoa a new ANBU
and nations dominate okay any vodka all
right anything else that's it all right
moving on if you're pissed off about
something I want to know before you come
over to my house okay yes all right dad
all right I see in a few minutes
he's on his way over okay
he says he wants to talk about something
he's pissed off all right
what's he mad about I don't freakin
break nothing what did we do nothing
Michael don't think I could think of as
he sent me that text the other day
asking you about VidCon and he's pissed
at it that's all I can think of you know
should we let him in or should we lock
the door
let's open the door and see how he's
acting maybe he's not mad at us he said
he was pissed
Oh who's that fucking Charlie well we
haven't done anything so I would assume
I don't know I hope it's not eyes it
fricking better not be i if it is I've
had it okay and didn't give you going I
come over here Bernardo oh he wouldn't
really gone where you you called me your
I heard you're a Walmart okay Dan you
then Joe Joey we'll go on let it go what
do you would have gone you don't know
that oh you did I not originally both
you're pointing out I don't know I
didn't tell it you you said my kick and
go to the front
I said I'm sorry babe I'm stepping out
of that that one right I shouldn't even
go out of um you wouldn't have gone he
just forgot we already talked you said
you can't hit a beer oh okay you
wouldn't because every oh dude what the
fuck what the hell cut it off it's all
right I see it come on now on it is to
her all right
turn over all right it's flat screen
down low turn towards me turning toward
me let it know I was in scream you lines
up yet okay
I'm sorry okay are you forgive that's
all it took an apology that's all do it
you're like Bridget do you both like
apologies apologize goes wrong way I
don't believe in a page what about a
fool
well pool or do kabab your pool you
drove into the last one
with it I asked for a camper you
wouldn't give it for me yeah I asked for
a boat you wouldn't give it for me I
asked for a pool you never want me
either
you got a pool table how's that I can't
swim it it will yo you could've swim if
you would've drove into the pool well
you don't know different now let's talk
tough it up buffing up but I'll start
exercise get looking like a man I lost
weight dad now it's time to so you don't
think I look like a man cuz I'm fat you
are rather a bear alone is it hard for
that bear on the lecture God just just
take a word for be at my house I need
you there we're going to a little we're
gonna do an intervention of art I got
Tina coming over what I got Tina coming
over I'm paying her to help us do an
intervention with Charlie on that damn
game you know they're gonna show him
this tonight well I don't give a damn
show anything they want you're gonna
fucking have a fucking intervention an
intervention for Charlie on the game is
he really playing of that much all the
time man all that's goddamn time so I
talked with Tina she's coming over to
morning and he's having an intervention
Oh dad Shh
and it could get bad so oh my god you
know I need to advise you not to do this
well you can advise all you want
Oh God
Jesus Christ but yeah - Martin can I
talk you out of it
there's nobody told me how my garden
planted a party Peter why'd you oh Jesus
why'd you pay her because you paid
people didn't do intervention she
doesn't do interventions
she is tomorrow I do not want to know
what a fucking Tina intervention that's
gonna look like today gonna be pretty ok
let me ask you a question what is it's
safe to say that it's going up with
mango grandpa shot Channel
yep
Oh dad you're not going to villain you
were there other people out there that
need the same kind of help there's a lot
of younger guy there that are dead
instead of stuck on them goddamn games
so maybe this intervention they see
it'll help him to get all of them you go
there's gonna be some I'm afraid what's
coming tomorrow dad you well these words
make it happen we call the police you go
to jail or you go to jail do you think
something's gonna go to jail
good ok dad I'm gonna stop recording
right now because we have we cannot with
Tina you know it's gonna be it's gonna
be we have to talk you out of the ship
dangle happen intervention devar if it's
as bad as you think then I can't I got
to talk you out of it
just be there cuz you know Tina and her
mouth ain't no tell it whatever butch
was like you're not going out right ok
got done talking to dad he's not doing
the intervention tomorrow boy dad please
I'm doing it did please I'll die you got
to stop that intervention tomorrow
Charlie's gonna forget your booger
Charlie's still doing this doing this
what is that
sweeper with a goddamn brew noggin or
blue
he's gonna see this no he's not
everybody's not treated to no they're
not now what if he's ready for your
intervention good they'll both sleep is
a happy an intervening tomorrow dad uh
here I'll set it down it's not even yeah
nope don't cook no don't not even
recording anymore let's talk about this
Michael that's done talk about okay you
tell me what his biggest problem is
stays on the game morning till dawn okay
have you tried talking to him yes oh
come on you know that you tried you're
right I just would like to try to find a
way to resolve it without conflict damn
that's not the nice part I've done sup
set here cat damn dude
that's not like some call to my ass dad
if you're determined to do this
intervention dude I'm doing the
intervention okay I'll be there tomorrow
then
you better start without me please oh I
can't latina will be there and we'll go
go there that's the part of all this
uninvite Tina and let me know I know
Tina's doing well Tina you got you to
have some compassion Tina won't shoot in
an hour Cal you're the cabbage okay does
that mean what a cow in a cabbage and
made it go show how is gonna work
it's going it's gonna work
what I thought you were filming what did
or not turn the damn thing off recording
together so dad laughed about an hour
ago and I think we start talking about
of it I should try this is not gonna go
well like okay Charles is a short temper
like all of us well have short tempers
Tina has a shorter temper the frickin
dad she doesn't break crap but she
fucking snaps and gets in your face and
shit I'm really I don't know man this is
this is crazy what's going on
Charles if you're seeing this right now
I had nothing to do with this I tried
talking him out of it team first of all
first of all I try to get team to help
me do an intervention with dad before
when what was that he was doing well it
was like hoarding shit yeah I think it
was don't you believe the hoarding or it
was like I can't remember it wasn't
hoarding or it was something stupid like
that but I wanted to do a funny video
and she refused to do it
I don't show about one direction but
she'll do it for dad wow he must have
paying her more you know that's not
gonna be good
we're gonna have to go over somebody's
got a freaking be immediate or otherwise
are gonna come they're gonna have a
fucking fistfight oh my god they're
gonna fucking fistfight dude and I want
to be if we film I can't even used it if
they fistfight because it's too violent
so not a little hyperventilate
what do we do I don't know what to do I
don't know what I mean there's there's
better things to do like turn the Wi-Fi
off what's your dad to do if he's really
hates it
I got we are talking about it because it
can't do this I know this is like
ridiculous it's like it's overreacting
your dad is definitely overreacting yeah
this is crazy
there shouldn't be an intervention for
this stop and you just let me talk for
just a minute I can get something
through to you for a second they're
going to fistfight with each other do
you want Tina and Charlie fist fighting
whether Charlie doesn't hit women but
Tina gets so abrasive and in-your-face
that you want to hit her sometimes you
got to cop you have to code this off
it's gonna get violent things are gonna
get broke I don't like where it's
freakin headed please tell Tina nut I
will I will do the intervention she
doesn't either her she doesn't do
interventions either dad well she has
been in a couple please let me do the
intervention okay
the shitty there shouldn't even be a
frickin intervention it's video game
okay hang up hey yeah that's fine what
is he saying
bitching me out he's doing it and he's
saying that if I keep fucking talking to
him that I could just say my asshole
okay what you're filming no I'm not it's
just pulling her just pull out okay I'm
not filming oh okay I see I come all
over this bro
well that's gonna be it for today you
guys thanks for watching
uh I guess tomorrow I'm going over to
Grandpa's house how do you tell him to
turn the Wi-Fi off he doesn't want to
hear any of it he's not hearing any of
it Bridget he only wants to be in it
look let's be honest here okay he didn't
want strolls to get yelled at and
screamed at maybe have his fucking shit
that's why we carry her it's not but
that's what he wanted pretty sad guys
but I tried riding Charlie on Facebook
he's not answering me I don't know man
that's not gonna turn out well uh Tina
that's I feel like someone might go to
jail
Tina watches the videos Tina please
don't do talk to me first okay just talk
to me first okay before you do anything
stupid cuz I know Tina she's like a
fucking Bulldog she's gonna try Brett
trollies throw it out
no Bulldogs are nice that's tomorrow
unless we can stop it I think we just
there's still time
that's gonna be for today you guys
thanks for watching
dude I'm like kind of shaky elope I'm
very shaky I don't know to think right
now
my new dad did like the game but I
expect honestly I expected her dad to
break it or rip it either not get
someone to fuck him I scream in his face
so I'm gonna get out of here thanks for
watching you guys maybe maybe there
won't be any screaming oh can we ever
escape this how did that even happen I
don't know it was ready for me to play
we're get out of here thanks for
watching you guys Briscoe go play some
Witcher I like your brother I can't like
like
so funny babe right
I'll let everything rich it was Charles
turn off the game so they don't do this
turn it off dude did some chores or
something they can happy then just turn
off the game bro okay I stopped taking
the camera if we turn off the game the
cameras dying I gotta put a stop to this
hey man turn Wi-Fi off Charles
like Eisenhower said help me Charlie get
off the game
you
