what's going on you guys get behind a
camera here but Joe us yeah right there
and today we are on set to my music
video for see you soon and if you wonder
what that buzzing is the drone it's a
drone and we are in Tina's trailer park
so if she sees this thing what is she
gonna think oh my god guys she would be
totally freaking out right now
get the cops over here now man we were
on set or a music video or see you soon
and I hope you guys like the song when
it comes out featuring my boy psv what I
think you guys just show your dances for
it you know guys this is a serious like
emotional song that I wrote for my dad
so Matt what do you think well this
delivery alright well I guess it's safe
to say I see my time has come I hate to
make you break but hey I'll see you soon
no he was looking at it's like we're
crazy but we probably are yeah park home
the cops there's a car out there with
cameras we were all into a trailer park
in a Tahoe with huge cameras in the
drone they probably think there's like
some sort of like CNN like you should
have had your deh turtle oh man Oh guys
he's gonna fly you know it's like we're
gonna zoom into it oh yeah
I don't even see it oh wait I see it now
I still don't see it oh there's no Jesus
I think it's crazy can't wait for
everybody get to hear the song I know
it's so great guys it's I think it's a
good song guys if anybody's ever heard
any of my old music this stuff is this
new stuff is better than any of us yeah
it's just really great it's really good
stuff so guys I really hope that you
guys like it and I can't wait for you to
hear it's part gonna be a couple of
weeks but in a couple of weeks music
video and this guy's camera equipment is
super legit did you see that man yeah
yeah that stuff is like nice that's
really nice oh yeah like here always
thinking like why not just get my camera
and record it I see here's my that's why
that's why I've it's the legit camera
our Bridget what do you think we start
daily vlogging with this thing um I feel
like it might be a little hard well I
look this is just a little bad it's
really messing with my head way he's
holding this thing leave it it looks
like it should be a lot harder to hold
than it is no way man here give it a
spin I'm afraid to hold now you got it
man okay B that is crazy what's going on
you guys kid behind the camera that's
insane oh wow you guys on this video
times like a super-expensive Oh guys so
okay we'll row down here next to uh and
everyone's gonna kind of have to shell
behind me yeah
yeah dig it yeah no we're just gonna do
your thing here I'm gonna kind of do
like around you I'm gonna moon your ass
guys we need permission to film in front
of grandpa's old house we're sending
Matt and he's gonna do it yeah guys we
need permission to film in front of
grandpa's old house we're sending Matt
and he's gonna do it
yeah guys a lot of trust yeah bro how
you doing how you doing what's up my
name is Matt I said yeah Matt that's
what I ask you a quick question
that's good okay so no it's nothing that
we're doing it's good
I'm not the cops or anything like I
swear no we'll probably just yeah
thank you you have a great day thank you
so much yeah for sure
thank you so much sweet dude yeah he's
got like some people skills yeah like he
was he was up knowing the chick at the
that was getting the clothes from the
department store I'll say he needs to
work yeah yeah good people skills I
wonder if we can ask him to move the van
the thing is dad did have a Chrysler ran
in the front yard there we go
so we'll do this is cool
so thanks man do take a mat here in a
sec yeah I was thinking the same thing
what you said it before I did yeah
alright so we'll get you kicked you here
first I got my future oh that's actually
a pretty supplement so you know I'm
giving you the word don't start it
you're starting us all right so you want
me to use future don't start with you
okay I'm leaning dirty sprite no future
him he's sick of breaking my heart break
out the sutures oh that's good I hate
drug users and abusers I mean I also
hate Matt cuz it's useless
I hate Mike is he's a loser and pretty
soon you keep talking about me you'll be
too close will you prove this man our
relationships so crazy it's abusive your
own careers not lucrative yes it is are
you stupid
I'm the proof it is me pull out your
wallet you need to prove it you want
some stupid shit oh you just repeated me
I said stupid you said stupid shit I win
I've won oh I'm taking the win
earth that was good house good I've won
not today not today tomorrow
no no soon soon soon to work a front a
car oh yeah
tell me never you turn it and we're
gonna see you soon that's the name of
the song annoying stop being clever I'm
tired of it actually he's a little
Serbian lover he let me win that rap
battle by the way off camera we got what
my body did but dude he bodied me man he
got me good you said you went where my
head or a necklace was like no way it's
too clever for his own good I need a pre
right stuff and pretend it was free
style checklist might got a death wish
I'm gonna cut off his head use it as a
necklace eat that shit for breakfast
I got a button you'll never want to
press this God what's going on here
keep going keep going man I'm always
right you a motherfucking leftist no
dude I'm a legend like John like John
you pissing me off
I'll name John runs it off I think it
does have you mirrored enough I think it
does my name is John you pissing me off
yeah I think that works cover this
there's a guy here the guy was following
us off Sunday dude this guy this fall
inside he's here he's just like a
stalking I think this guy was following
us with a camera can creep side can you
please run him off to me clear
please write him off
write him off Jenny yeah he's not really
a stalker Wow
thanks for scaring the shit out of me
right yeah no that's all good I forgive
you
well who's this one that one that is a
fan we don't know dude yes sir
say something hey no it's not also put
the team guys hey guys some of the video
here at Grandpa's house will be back are
you crying why are we lying listen to
the song it's the most simple it is it
really is just like tears me up
yeah basically young God I'm basically a
young travis pastrana here we go I'm
going to X Games in like 20 minutes but
I guess my warm-up right here let's do
it the chain doesn't work so I just got
a push she knows like a skateboard like
that was like genuine fur here oh whoa
well congratulations you're a BMX star
now we're about to take Matt's wallet he
just set it down oh my god take his
phone too I know it might be too much
then yeah okay
are we all good so are we going next
yeah we want to do big yo so show my
wallet in the same cycle this is kind
what we had in mind my dear just looks
the other way I haven't seen a wallet oh
that's for real what's it look like it's
like a legend of zelda wog i saw yes
wait where'd you leave it
thank you pranks all day yeah man that's
it
I want to apologize in advance you guys
because it's going to be very loud very
quick and the reason it's very loud a
very windy SP recipe yes now usually
look at this Michael it's beautiful guys
usually I will come to the beach because
hello okay shot here is beautiful
I really love it guys they're breaking
out the drone right to get beats and
it's gonna be amazing
I'm so excited and you know I've gotta
go to the beats more this is beautiful
if this in this person to lose weight I
don't know what is going to read a
seaside grille
there's a dope shower here this is the
biggest asteroid ever ashtray beach all
right you guys well there's the end of
day 1 appreciate events martini shadow
thank you so much man
thank you very much man it was partners
I got to walk down a street of the
street without closing down the street
yeah right a million dreams he walked
down the street and like we were holding
up traffic and guys were like yeah
honest I was pretty sure we were getting
in a fight I thought for sure that I
mean I heard tires screech I thought
they were all drunk
you could tell well yeah I start cursing
them out so I was ready because I'm from
Akron naturally I'm ready to square up
at anything and I'm ready to get the
camera on filming just in case you know
so that's it for day 1 tomorrow we got
some really cool projector stuff to do
so thanks a lot you guys you guys know
yeah that's the rap for them we're going
home
skirt that was a long day what for sure
seriously I don't think they realized
guys I got up at 9 o'clock this morning
okay
we drove to Creekside Inn from Creekside
we went to Dad's house from dad's house
we went to downtown Charleston from
downtown Charleston we went to Folly
Beach but yeah this was a full day how
do we think we were out there dude we
were out for 11 hours oh my feet are dad
bro and people complain about 9:00 to
5:00 Oh soon at one point we didn't
capture on film but Bridget was in
charge at one point of holding the
speaker to play or Matt you were doing
the chorus and the beach did you see it
yeah you saw it
Renaissance rock walking backwards just
fall backwards it starts to slide in
this fan
because it was like a turtle like a sea
turtle trying to missiles way enjoy hey
I was trying to sing my part of the song
and I'm just laughing because I see
Hurley if he did it's gonna be in a
behind the speaking of guys there are so
much stuff that we filmed like seriously
Oh guys what you just saw was ten
percent of all the video we shot to it
but I can't show you everything because
it's got the whole song you can't I'll
make you one of those song I want this
to be a surprise to you guys so after we
upload this video we got a gigantic
behind the scenes video we meet people
in the trailer park
Bridgette Falls and it was hilarious
guys that's gonna be the future guy
basically threatened to kill us cuz we
wouldn't get out of the road yeah that's
god I'm so we watched it afterwards we
got a little helping was fantastic
speaking of the future how many
subscribers are you on I'm in like 13 K
I know it's like I know it's a lot I'll
give you an autograph later but 13km
do 13 thousands good okay I think we
need to get you to 30 30 K that wasn't
$15,000 seventeen but you know well okay
I dropped out of high school okay those
two right this thing is good YouTube I'm
good at math I think you need to promise
them something at 30 subscribe to my
channel give them the 30,000 subscribers
we have to give them something would
maybe like another tattoo or something
maybe you know very cold oh hell yeah
I'll get a lyric all right on my face no
don't do something music wise like I'm
thinking like maybe some rap we should
like do we know we should do I think I
saw the comments we should rap battle me
yeah me and Mike should rap battle if
that 30 K subs if I get there
dude you're gonna crush it you beat me
today it's in this vlog you would really
beat me yeah but that was like a little
back and forth yeah actual rap battle
he's gonna like talk about I got ya know
legs and I don't know I think you dude I
think they would love it for one they
would love it and for two it would be
really fun oh god there's too much
indecision I'm at 1310 okay who's 17 is
a long way it probably won't even happen
that's a that's possible okay
what do you think Bridget I think you
should definitely okay I'll do it
rap battle me we'll do one round each
just one rap okay so you can put all
your best stuff 30,000 you better get 30
I'm not talking 30,000 listen okay so if
you guys get me it's a thirty thousand
which is like compared to the your fan
base that's not even that many but it's
a lot you know so like if they do it
we're gonna do this two rounds two
rounds go you know he's in decisis this
what we're gonna do I'm just making this
up right now so when I get to third okay
we're gonna put in the pin comment we're
gonna put my link and if thirty thousand
people subscribe to my channel so
seventeen thousand more people they
subscribe my channel me and Mike are
gonna rap battle and you're gonna see me
destroy this whole life okay do it I'll
say it's on it's on subscribe and we'll
make it happen I swear to god this will
be Michael you're great this will be as
embarrassed as I forget he's going to
Bridget here realize rap battle is say
you're great I've ever seen
style have you say name I'm gonna be B
rather than the first thing they say
it's okay it was everyone Choa Choa no
well that's gonna be it for today you
guys thanks for watching that was day
one of my first music video tomorrow
obviously day to climb exhaust now I am
so so proud and so happy for you though
hey guys I'm very tired I really hope
you like it I hope you listen to it a
couple of times it's one of those songs
that like I hope grows on you I love it
I think it's a great song I really think
you guys really like it guys I got a lot
a song that I'm working on this is just
the first one that I'm putting out
leading up to a full album release you
know I'm really proud of all the stuff
that I'm putting out I hope you guys
enjoy it I'm exhausted and you heard of
your first rap battle epfp
you're gonna win this babe you got this
actually one time was something really
quick I saw a comment yesterday somebody
saying that he was doing auto-tune and
then the store yesterday oh my god I
don't know like does they see walking
only in that Kanye West my girl for like
guys he's not using all those room
anyway and I don't use autotune anyway
guys getting out of here thanks for
watching like subscribe favorite fun
everything to us and I'm going to bed
