what's going on you guys kid beyond the
camera here Brigitte West not here
she'll be here tonight today is Sunday
and today is the last day of it gun this
vlog is gonna be a little bit of Sunday
a little bit of Monday did I say the
last day of VidCon I met him on my way
home from VidCon today I'm flying home
Wow VidCon was it was wow I had it him I
had an amazing time too
I did not think I was gonna like it as
much as I did you know for one as I said
in the blog you guys saw yesterday uh I
think anybody would know me I didn't
think anybody would care that I was at
VidCon and you guys showed me that's not
true that is not Lube that is germ X
those will be we were like all lubed
spotted germ eggs so anyway I had a
great time at VidCon chilled with
mcjuggernuggets psycho dad uncle Larry
wanted to have a beer with me I don't
drink but I will absolutely have one
with you an bogey the finebros the guy
from Unreal Engine comped our dinner
what a fuckin crazy man that made the
make-a-wish Vitaly stopped in he saw me
in the make which room and he stopped in
and he took a picture with the it was
just everything was like the best you
know I had a great time so Wow
I didn't know that my videos meant so
much to so many people and I can't wait
to come back so leaving Anaheim on my
way back to South Carolina let's get
this vlog started unfortunately no good
con style I don't want to cover I'm
shall stay here at VidCon forever
you know my mom was a hotel maid for a
long time you know tip your maids
seriously the they work on tips and try
not to make it a huge mess I'm gonna try
to clean this up a little more you know
I know people are gonna say it's their
job but don't make it harder on them
it's you don't have to destroy the room
and leave it for somebody else's because
it's not your room tip clean up after
yourself you're fucking adult okay I
don't know if you can hear me had to put
a stop to that music montage cuz I
didn't film on the plane that was from
when I flew to VidCon so that was a lie
I'm sorry but I'm home and it's late and
I'm talking low I don't give a fuck I
just wanna get my bag and get the fuck
home where Bridget's made me rice
krispie treats well I'm in the car with
Bridget noise
Bridget west here busy I see ya
and I'm choosing to film a sandwich in
my sleep out on hey maybe you should do
that I got the sandwich what you're
gonna fucking kill us
Oh Oh what is an animal that walks on
its feet and goes into airports like
sewage drains or whatever those things
are what because I saw that coming up to
pick you up I saw this little animal on
its freakin feet walking you're making
shit I sorta gotta know when to one of
those where like so doesn't flood let us
know in the comments what is it guys I
was so weird
so I got this sandwich in Dallas when I
stopped in Dallas and I didn't eat it I
mean it fucking right now that was so I
don't think so okay Bridget maybe a
promise there they are just like I told
you folks Oh
Rice Krispies yeah let's do this
Rice Krispies cha oh shit hey these are
new mugs me trauma some light here
they're so cool
oh my gosh Oh God so I got her this one
from California Oh cute
and I got it this one from Dallas you
got me caramel and this little
California snow globe I love so much
Michael it's kind of funny that
California is having snow yeah that's
not happening yeah and I bought these
caramels from Dallas which I don't know
you know I'm recording here cuz it's
stupid they're so cute though facts for
the mugs every time I go out of town I
always get Bridget a mug from wherever
I'm at so it was the California and then
I had a stop in Dallas because I
couldn't get her a Dallas mug when I was
at WrestleMania
so I got it for now students rice
krispies they loved them so much
rice krispies more Rice Krispies like
legit less Bridget more rice krispies
thank you I hope they're good it's kind
of hard to fuck up Rice Krispies hey you
surprised
I'm hard to fuck rice crispies but you
did it seriously
great really oh yeah are you sure
warning for I'm just eating rice
crispies guys I'm just happy you enjoy
them well I can't even boil water I can
boil water yes I can no you can I take
on no may these me no you did it no all
right guys who made um my mom oh my god
you're gonna take credit for Cindy's
french fries
how pathetic take a buddy what your mom
made I feel good good job mom thanks
Cindy
you
what what
what the fuck happened Bridget hey dude
my phone look what am i doing fuckin
shatter I was asleep
what you have to drop it or something
it's fuck what the fuck bro did you drop
it at the airport I called you last
night via money I used it what happened
I don't know what did you do what about
my god dude one of us to do now
I don't know I didn't do it this is
freaking bullshit
Oh hit my head so you don't like
remember dropping Edison why did it drop
it okay
don't snap at me I'm just tensed it's my
phone
I'm sorry I don't know what happened I'm
sorry
what can I do
gotta go to fuck get another one fuck
all right Dean I'm sorry I was that's
okay thanks for JIT I didn't do it I
didn't wake up and do it you obviously
did it I didn't do nothing why would I
destroy your phone uh whose wasn't
calling you that much at vidcon I would
never destroy your phone that's just but
what babe what I think you should get an
MRI I don't understand
were you dreaming her I guess
I'm mounting to the hospital Bridget I
fucking saw it it was fucking shattered
I don't I don't think it was shattered
babe
maybe used to get some sleep
maybe you're dreaming I've sucked enough
I went to bed freaking midnight Rob
bucking dead tired haven't even a bath
the thing I tired yes but I can't stay
asleep what time's it it's fuckin 1:30 I
gotta get up all right
I get up that is fuckin the weirdest
thing I've ever experienced yeah
maybe you still shower Oh bull you
fuckin oh man
you ever gonna tell me I was hoping to
do it a couple more times today yes yeah
but you kind of found the camera so I'm
sorry did it work did you think you're
crazy first yeah you shattered fall this
is the other one yep oh my god so I was
really funny you just now switch it back
yeah I had to work real fast oh yeah
barely put in right I'm sorry babe yeah
well don't you sleep this late I hate
lino I'm gonna let you sleep cuz you
need your sleep
even fucking unpacked my charger less
than I need it fucking okay you know
what don't complain please don't
complain stop filming this yeah you've
thrown a humiliating me I pranked you uh
get over it damn no apology no oh man
you go I'll go - you got me right okay
so I made you think that you had a
broken phone and I made you think you
were crazy
that's pretty cool of me oh oh yeah I'm
offering my hand for a hit you don't
want to shake hands with me babe cuz I
got the new shower what yeah what is
this new shower curtain yeah Roy yeah
it's like a hotel style oh I love it is
that like so cute okay
No get rid of it oh my gosh it's going
wet Oh where's the drapery put it you
went all out of that oh you know I can't
only put up with so much Oh take a
shower and shut up I don't want a shower
take a shower you stink
oh I think you kind of smelly crap Plus
don't you want to use the new shower
curtain it's so cool
there's even a little mirror in there if
you want to shave oh yeah
the shower for additional room I know
that's the rod it's so awesome go in one
do today babe so what are you recording
no that's your recording boy what is it
my everyday boy no it's not oh yeah it
is babe I don't have to shit right now
all I see is freaking dog shampoo well
you know what Bridget
fuck bitch you know I I can't I missed
you I had to do it do it too much now
well get over it
no yeah oh well you know I don't care
I'm sorry
yeah why don't just go whatever when the
cameras turn face you know room
how can I say how can I say yeah no more
no more I'm sorry I just miss you so far
and sorry
what one can't do it can't do what I
can't keep working just leave me alone I
just got up let him leave bitch I'm out
of the shower
oh fuck stay I'm sorry just when you say
that stuff I never know what you mean
you know you're going to dry off that
case now from a phone goes back I had to
put it outside because I feel like it
was gonna explode what yeah it was a hot
and shit
well I would still like the case well I
it's just kind of stuck I know you're
recording right now no it was thin who's
serious you're still recording right now
I like to get out of shower okay half of
a broken phone is stuck in my phone yes
I'm sorry I came
no it should come out somehow I mean it
has to it's a phone she you know
Bridgette what
I can't do it don't need a chair
brilliant idea I'm sorry let me try
Daniel I'm not even fucking recording
this so I got it out I'm not keeping
what you did it fucking fool I'm so
awesome for that for what oh nevermind
hear what my cut there you can't laugh
hahaha alright alright got it out no
issues good yeah mm-hmm wink
I can't keep if you do that I'm not I
would not you're not editing the ball I
am I'm just gonna add it it cuz you'll
keep all this part I am oh stop I am
Bridget shut up for me
got it oh gosh
nothing in it yep oh you're welcome by
the way love you we're just doing my way
give me a favor
what stop fucking with me today okay
please please okay I'm done what I'm
done go then like I'm pranking you today
oh my gosh see guys I'm not the only
crazy one
oh my gosh leave me alone
whoa what is that Frank patience I'm
sorry babe I missed you okay you opened
yourself up for a world of hurt here I'm
gonna fucking prank you dude
I don't care you know you're it not last
night
Dame drops uploader in his channel the
video that I told you guys I was filming
at VidCon with him yesterday uh we went
to subway and he did like but he went to
Subway not the bread and made it into a
cheeseburger it's crazy and one of the
things you're gonna notice this other
thing I'm gonna tell you about the video
the only thing what you're gonna notice
is I look like fucking Danny DeVito next
today oh my guys I tweeted it and I used
that picture will you look like dude
very swords it looks like I'm going to
subway with Daddy you know baby come on
son let's go and I'm holding his hand
let's go get a lollipop that's what it
looks like it's fun good yoga I look at
one of the meatballs he's holding in his
hand you know it's fucking crazy this
guy when I saw him first that's why I
started off on his chance to win up cuz
like god damn goddamn he's big he's
really Oh Dane he's huge
so if you want to see the video check
out the link below in the description
click read more that's not a fat joke he
is legit just so told no yeah I'm not
saying that he's huge man he's like but
in seven foot tall and like the dudes
fucking cooler than I am
yeah I love the comb and his beard man I
looked check out the link below it's in
the description click read more check it
out and subscribe to him because I've
been subscribed for a long time I he's
why I don't watch me to YouTube but he's
one of the ones that I go out of my way
to watch he does awesome food reviews
he's the one that inspired me to get
grandpa to eat food reviews on the land
you know on his channel so check it out
the link is below squeak toy film
yeah I should probably apologize wiggle
bitch
look I was like half asleep when you
woke me up today I don't know what was
going I missed you too Bella like I
don't think Bella look really remembers
me coming home yesterday
oh well she asleep I can't I can't
remember
honest to god I came over last night was
she awake she was she was sleeping and
I'm waking up and sleeping again but she
got a full night's rest
yeah I got full two nights where I go on
says oh you know the fluorescent
lighting is not built you film in here
I'm actually it looks good man I've done
a number recipes you know caramels are
so good I'll go he got me I know
I gotcha I'm sorry gosh where did you
swish the phone back you were like
turned over bitching or something and
then I just decided to do it
I was thinking you know I want to make
Michael think he's crazy
that's when I decided to do that at
first I was just gonna like prank you
with just a broken phone you know I
don't think Dad knows I want a big mom
why did he texted me this morning all
cabs you left to California what
question mark so a Latinos are like the
fucking VidCon I talked to him on the
phone with the Gungans and stuff
I'm pretty sure I said I thought I heard
him sorry you told him I thought he said
he missed me or somebody come on like go
into his house like what what the hell
dude yeah I've lost it yeah oh my guys
yes dad I went to California
okay so Michael is outside talking to
Grandpa I'm going to lock him out
because I can't stop I just can't stop
pranking them today I don't know I don't
know why I just can't stop village okay
it's just a prank
I'll let him back in soon Wyatt I'll
turn the fan on I'm sorry yeah I just I
miss you so much I miss pranking you and
I just missed you babe you know the back
door is unlocked the garage door the
garage door it's unlocked hey I'm gonna
go play witcher
Michael got is it's so funny
hey you're not alright it's unlocked I
caught you
alright Frank why are you fucking with
me so much tonight I told you I missed
you but I'm fuckin relentless I just I
missed in because you said that you
don't want to order pizza and that made
me mad
please can order pizza do you want that
go ahead alright it's not funny dude
leave me alone
you're gonna we got to be taking a dump
on you tomorrow Oh
so I'll put out a new song with the rap
for pfv you want to see a channel link
well in Ellison I don't claim to be a
rapper I've never told anybody that I
can rap but he broked me he asked me if
I wanted to be on this song with them of
course I said yeah so check it out link
below it's called eye of the storm I
hope you guys like it and if you don't
like it still click like for that guy
cuz even if you don't like me you should
like him that guy's talented check out
his other stuff go give the video a like
dude it's a really good song it's just
so sad it's very I mean listen to the
lyrics it's very it's really fun anyway
check out the link below and it's
popping up on the screen
ah hey buddy I'll try to do the outro I
just farted so god we're taking in oh I
farted here so burns has to the outro in
it smells like gross outro time roast
like oh like a rotten rose damn sure
thank you my job wit chu ended roast so
who get over here in the outro that's
gonna be it for today you guy I feel
dirty
yelling va's god you're smelling so much
fart right now oh dude the worst
experience ever is walking into a
Walmart fart yeah okay
what a stinker yeah I know I'm just
walking through somebody's ass missed I
was talking about you walk around like
this came from the stranger's ass I
don't know them anyway well that's gonna
be it for today you good that happened
to me at VidCon somebody walked right by
me and farted I'm like a hundred was it
sure was on purpose to like somebody
farted on me at VidCon so anyway I'm
gonna get out of here thanks for
watching you guys missed home missed you
Bridget I missed you too babe this has
to constitute is my longest vlog it's
like a lot like almost 30 minutes maybe
over 30 minutes
yeah I don't know like like if you blow
there's nuts click like if you live long
pause click like if you love the long
bugs and I'll try to make them long I
don't know if I'll ever top this one I
don't know this is crazy I know
holy crap anyway thanks for watching you
guys like subscribe favorite I found on
everything for to us and shout out to
the person at VidCon that said they
thought I was gonna stink when they met
me oh that is so I took a picture they
go I thought she was gonna stink
thanks hi misty guy I was my fade out
moment I really missed ya
filled this epic moment hey whoa whoa
Vic God's got extreme I can't get it's
like oh here boy I'm sorry I'm so glad I
came to VidCon for that book
