what's going on you guys kid behind a
camera here once again bridge West not
here and today is day two of VidCon and
today is the last day of it it's
actually day three of VidCon but it's
day two of VidCon for me because I
missed the first day but anyway today is
VidCon and tomorrow I'm going home but
I'm gonna try to make the best the best
the most of today I'm gonna try to get
some footage I'm gonna try to fill I'm
gonna try to film as much as I can
that's one of those things were you
don't know how hard it's going to be to
film at VidCon until you're in it cuz
there's just so many people and there's
so much stuff to see and you're looking
at it you forget to pull out your camera
and I got to make sure I don't do that
today so I'm gonna try to film a bit
canta day either way today is the last
day I'm going to VidCon now here's my
VidCon outfit for today
I don't know pants are smart idea in
this climate my budget impact many more
shorts so let's get this vlog started
VidCon day two style last day let's get
this log started
all right dad say hello you're on the
phone with some young uns what what's up
yo yo what up
this is Amba Park what's going on well
you get me and freak out is it this is
on the zombies everywhere bro
watch out he says there's zombies
everywhere it might be too loud at
VidCon for you to hear yeah
there's too many zombies golly he says
there's a ghost in this house too so oh
oh your house is haunted dad so you know
nobody can understand you we're just
laughing hello be a while going in
awesome man
yeah yeah I actually just finished doing
that France escape or bogey let me get
off in here dad I want to keep you up
well say hello one two this guy real
quick crap BOTS you
I'm like dude I wish you were here but I
know could you do me a baby Montana
cretin venison Tim Tim bonus drug in
easier treatment in Venice so say hi to
Tim Bettis and Tre Bettis treating them
treyton he's not gonna be able to do it
okay so I'll just say hi they'll know it
to them this is our pop I better let you
go over here they you you're driving
you're gonna get in a car accident I
want you to get off the phone you're
driving I don't want you to die on the
phone with me I got I'll do whatever
ladies no on film let's trust me I gotta
film this epic moment say it sonic sound
anymore oh gosh oh oh woah vidcon's got
extreme oh it's like oh yeah
here folks are I'm still glad I came to
VidCon for that just for that alone
a promise is man we're at VidCon we were
slapping belly dude he made it we're
here slapping him up he slapped in man
we slap I did it as a joke it was
awesome dude yeah joke I didn't actually
think you would do it that's a crazy
cousin all right yeah yeah what's up man
sup would you say I'm huge fan
Ian's gaming channel myself what is it
it's my name is Dan male that's just the
awesome
I'm going to be able to spell that how
you spell that is written all right well
yeah my name right there there you go
there's a YouTube channel and you've
lodged like yield oh cool man a small
but okay we all started off small
somewhere right pin look exit Twitter
YouTube Facebook everywhere my pimp okay
it's bimp mu and KH and if I can't find
it I'll get boogie to tell me there you
go boogie all right
this guy's hand out business cards excel
professional I am business cards but I
left them in Mississippi and I think I
don't I don't have any business cards
but oh I ever should revisit a business
card yeah yeah the only only freaking
business cause if you are I mean what's
up man what's your name up and uh this
is Anna Rob I got to write those you're
doing it right the whole time so I got
it right so what do you do my food come
in you'd say this last day
yeah are you going to Disney day or now
I I was leaving us I forget Disney day
I'm not doing that
oh these guys these guys are tagging
along again what's up man
so who you hoping to meet today you met
like everybody yesterday you met
l'Italia mad freaking mcjuggernuggets
I'm a boogie man I'll just say me but me
you met
yeah it's crazy man
last day sad about it it's a bit there's
always next year man I'm definitely
coming next year I wasn't coming next
year but now I am this guy's giving us
business cards of the ninja turtle
daddy can do it down
do you threw it down to the ground did
you not want it yeah he's like screw
your business
give me over shot at vidcon Jesus Christ
fucking crazy
you send you it bow so yeah oh my good
oh my goodness guys like a monster like
a most 7-foot tall man I just know that
it's crazy right now look I don't have
too many fanboy moments I'm not about
that life
I was waiting for pickleboy Picabo is in
the building right now I had on a fan my
mother this is crazy you guys this guy
has star Lu do you have star quality
about you really listen you got a magic
comb magic comb comb for the sure don't
mature wow it almost let go hey stop
look hey the young wasn't ready for the
action we all ready for that fine
let me tell you right now if you're just
watching if you're only watching pick a
boy an angry grandpa and you're not
subscribed you played yourself I want
you to be sure you subscribe today
why don't my Twitter you know I'm saying
you got to know that you showing the
love the Glacial sparks you made me a
danger op you got it yourself love me
it's automatic I go ahead and then with
boom I fix your face is going down right
right now in LA in VidCon if you're not
here this year be here next year cuz
energies is don't stop baby I'm a mere
Big Mike's in the building I'll let you
pour this guy's got crushed in man none
of us have it none of us have Matt I'm
speechless
that wasn't me it wasn't it was
impressive we'll be fine yeah club's
been and everything goes crazy there's
like it's like wrestling news like wow
I'm part of a show right now moment of
lightning and thunders coming on a walk
so I'm sending with damn drops what's
going on people what's happening and I'm
doing some promotion the sunlights
making like aiming to see you right this
close the top oh let's get that close
let's close that up take that son down
cut that off a little bit more time did
you there we go there we go okay
ahh lights camera action so we are
filling a video right now that you are
not gonna want to you're not gonna want
to miss you do not want to miss how we
take clean healthy eating subway where
individuals want fast food but they
don't want fast food cuz we're not
trying to eat clean and better in their
life so we take subway bread won't even
order anything at Subway
we try to get subway bread is like you
need to add something to that so just
give me a little cup of Meatballs
alright don't put nine on the break we
just want subway bread cuz we're gonna
create the ultimate subway heck on my
channel Mike are they ready for it I
don't think the artists are you ready
for my they are not ready for this
Mike there isn't something that you
noticed about the spot we went to broom
yeah it was definitely Chinese food yeah
yeah when it was a burger spot she
chewed corrected them you gotta say it
on this video man I don't want to say no
more about it yeah I just did my mind is
still blown how she corrected me and
what we saw on the wall clearly
indicated we're at the Chinese spot
which our egg rolls we're talking about
fried rice which is number and then
burgers and burger got pissed when a man
sees your dreams
there's this gigantic mcjuggernuggets
meetup over there
wait aren't you uh weren't you Bridget
from the Ganga grandpa show yes I know
her oh my god she was
this is I got this is crazy
I'm Alec it was
bigboy guys what's up man
this guy I don't I don't keep it rigid
the last thing I do in origin I keep it
here in Chester coming all right
this guy wants me to sign his phone this
permanent you know that right all right
man let's do it
all right Amy you want to hold this real
quick
so just like that
information that he gave it to
and upon man
well that's going to be it for today you
guys thanks for watching uh I know just
worth faded out there I did a lot more
tonight but it was all really personal
stuff that I couldn't film though I
probably could have but I didn't want to
be rude and whip out my camera during it
you know I had a lot of you know a long
talk with mcjuggernuggets and the rest
of his family and genuinely some of the
nicest people I've ever met his mom you
know psycho dad he psycho dad knew mean
I didn't expect that
you know that was pretty fucking cool
that the whole family knew me and say it
was and then they were so warming and
inviting and that was amazing so thank
you guys for that and to top off the
evening you know one of the coolest
fucking night to my life mcjuggernuggets
came out for it and talked for a little
bit he had Juliet with him it was an
amazing dinner bogie invited me too and
he totally did not have to invite me you
know and you know it was boogie and the
guy from the fine brothers and you know
there was this I think weeble animations
or some you know I'm not familiar with
you know the concept I'm gonna be people
told me that I should be and I just
don't watch a lot of youtubers but it
was a whole it was just amazing it was a
great time and boogie you're right man
you're right I had to come to VidCon I
had to come here to experience it it was
just fucking awesome dude it was just
one of the best days of my life today
you know I can't describe how many
people came up to me one of the reasons
I'll be honest with you guys one of the
reasons I wasn't coming to VidCon was I
didn't think anybody would know me you
know I didn't think I thought it was
gonna embarrass myself uh you know I
don't I don't look at myself as special
as I shouldn't you know I'm not special
and so I didn't think anybody else did
either and Wow
how amazing this meant as much to me as
it did to any of you guys that it meant
anything to this this weekend was it was
the greatest weekend of my life if if
tomorrow I had to make a choice between
front row at WrestleMania and VidCon
next year I would go to VidCon without
question I'm so mad at myself for
missing the other ones
I'm never missing it again never it was
amazing it the the greatest night of my
life boogie your friendship is humbling
Jesse dude you're fucking genius
I've told you that for years dude you're
fucking awesome it was great so wow I'm
really sad that it's over one of the
mate I love meeting you guys if there
was so many you know so many people and
it really made me feel really special
and it was awesome and I'm so happy to
have met you thanks for watching you
guys
greatest weekend of my life dad you got
to come next year you got to like
subscribe favorite and that's it for
VidCon
