what's going on you guys kicked me on a
plane right here wait I don't know why I
said that
keep me on camera here yeah right there
behind a sad frown today is Thursday and
today I'm leaving right now to VidCon
should we tell them why you're leaving
the video
so mcjuggernuggets called pickleboy it
was like tell me you're here he made me
feel bad
tell me you're here and I was like no
man I I'm not leavin skipped out on that
doctor's appointment I had a doctor's
appointment major murmurs put a man on
the phone and the fan was like why
aren't you here wish you were here my
god gotta go now I came home that was 20
minutes ago I booked a flight packed my
bags we're headed out of here in just a
minute thanks a lot Nick juggler you
gotta go now before you miss your flight
hmm this is this is how short notice
we should pick up yeah yeah well thank
you okay uh is there anything else going
in this bag I need my computer in it
right now wait I can't leave yet I'll
upload the video to grandpa's corner
right now dady am I logged in on my
laptop yeah but it's gotta finish
uploading let's go to that so this is
enough clothes yeah all right boom holy
crap what are you sad yeah I'm sad
Bridget this is way sure that it was
gonna be before I don't know what this
vlog is I don't know I just know that I
love you and I hope you have a good time
and don't forget to call me I'm gonna
forget that like don't forget we all
show everybody my travel outfit
this is I need some comfortable travel
it is L basketball shorts I'm good boy
you look good so Oh guys I can't believe
you guys this was so spontaneous oh my
gosh so it turns out my family issue is
resolving
so now Pekka boy is going to VidCon they
heard all this in the intro you should
have like fireworks right here
why because whenever I said it pickle
boy is going it again all right
pickle boy is going to VidCon those are
fireworks whoa
that's scared me now they already heard
all this in the intro so I don't get it
we didn't do the adroit to ensure that
you guys just saw happen after this
thing so you're here a new information
oh my gosh huh so anyway we're gonna do
the intro
Bridgette I think this truck right here
is solely responsible for global warming
this is crazy do that cars gonna fucking
explode I feel like
oh my god
well no parking just keep going to a
kind of work
so we here at the airport this is so
random and last minute or were those
good
I don't know how to parallelize gonna
get it
well sorry everybody is riddled by
whatever that noise is
shouldn't cry it's only a few days so
it's like not as long as it's gonna be
yeah yeah it's a lot shorter so I'm
leaving right now
and then I'm a record breaker for the
end of the vlog hey just want a little
bit of everything they wanna see your
prank and then not do it then they hate
it begging me to leave get your head
together with the gonna be scared you to
death and say yet home a little let them
break it shit in peace you think you've
seen every video and every scene people
seem to think they know my father even
more than me you'll never wither
something none of you could understand
watching business pretend today you're
in our family so listen up cause I'm
only gonna say your once none of you
were there to see the man I knew well
growing up a fucking funk playing salsa
use up on the yard give evict and NASA
stick to do it again every month and
just like that the music montage ended I
didn't look I didn't have time to film
anything but I'm in Anaheim and I look
like shit look I would have got in a
fight last night
Oh God I am exhausted and I don't know
if I'm talking loud mmm and another
heart and it's 7:00 in the morning here
so I don't know if I should be talking
loud so I'm just gonna get this out and
put this video up and I'm sorry that the
video short I realize that it's
especially considering the longer vlogs
lately but the thing is okay I don't
know if I'm gonna film anything tonight
I'm gonna try I'm bringing the camera of
course but I love him do anything cuz
I'm by myself and that sucks you know to
be here alone but wow this was totally
last minute yesterday at 2 o'clock I was
in a doctor's appointment made
juggernaut gets called me and he told me
to get to Anaheim and two hours later I
was flying out so oh wow totally out of
the blue totally unexpected Here I am I
wasn't gonna kind of VidCon and Here I
am
Wow I ended up giving to Anaheim last
night around two o'clock in the morning
this time which would have been
what four o'clock five o'clock look I'm
horrible about about five o'clock the
usual time which means that we usually
would have been asleep so I was freaking
passing out we got to the helmet like Oh
God so the trip from LA to an time cuz I
had to fly to LA and drove to Anaheim
while I didn't drive fucking obviously
but the trip I'd had to drive from it so
that took about an hour and so it was a
it was six o'clock my time by the time
that I was actually able to get I fell
asleep in the hilton lobby like because
the computers were down when I first got
in there so I was just sitting there
he was embarrassing I probably farted I
always fart when I'm sleeping but anyway
checking out the bathroom listening for
any camera equipment cuz I'm pretty sure
the one in Orlando had a fucking camera
in the bathroom so I'm checking for the
Wow hey there we go
this travel outfit that I was so sure
about yesterday I was attending
something comfortable that I will not
mind walking around airports with yeah
this wasn't the outfit the shirt wasn't
the problem the problem were these
shorts okay something was happening
where this part of the shorts kept
binding and falling so I was walking on
my freakin airport holding my fucking
shorts up like a dumbass humiliating
here we go I have not had a shower yet
there we go
this is the new TripAdvisor vlogging
your your bathroom it doesn't it one
thing I look at when I go to children
binder so time to get clean well here is
my VidCon outfit I just got out of the
shower and Bridget forgot to pack me
socks I put the socks on top of my bag
and I guess she just didn't pack up
luckily I had some leftover socks in the
bag from Wrestlemania
so VidCon outfit let's put this on I see
this mirror here it's not bad it's weird
it's like way bigger in person that is
on the camera so before I get out of
here
people want to see sometimes how I edit
these videos and I figure what better
time to show you guys that then before
VidCon so here you go
hey you Sony Vegas this was the music
montage which you don't want to watch it
again obviously
so yeah you Sony Vegas so there you go
so do you bake it's pretty easy to use
if you got anybody else wants to vlog or
anything Sony Vegas is friggin perfect
well that's gonna be a for today you
guys thanks for watching long long trip
I'm still recovering from the folks what
a long trip I met some fans in the
airport yesterday uh so you guys know I
don't want you to think that I was rude
or anything I wasn't very talkative
what's the problem and it's because I
was just so exhausted my mind wasn't
even working right anymore but the time
we landed but you guys were awesome was
very nice to meet you and I you know I
don't want you to think that I was being
an asshole
it's not that I was being rude or
anything with it with them I was just
not you know usually I'm very talkative
this time I really was a it was just
freaking dead tired so anyway thanks for
watching you guys
long day gonna be an even longer day I
can't believe I'm here
I was gonna come to VidCon and now I'm
here so I don't know I had thought I had
something to say there bitterly I
thought I had something but I guess I
didn't
anyway like back here Bridgette face
subscribe oh shit
okay like
speaker phone right yeah all right
they were know would you ever date back
to fucker I am good love a good-looking
man you'd be lucky to have me dead go
out with I'd rather go out with a horse
