what's going on you guys get behind a
head thing whatever that is here to us
yeah I like that let's start over what's
going on you guys can't be on a camera
here hey yeah I like that let's do it
one more time what's going on now I'm
stuck that was fine keep behind the
camera here today is here today is
Wednesday and today yeah better have
something I want to host top house again
again the research oh good by the way
today we won today we won oh god I got
two pimples on my head oh my gosh
what are you grossed out by me all of a
sudden no that looks bad what that I
that looks bad
how bad ah if you didn't see the vlog we
put up yesterday
we won folks we won for the past week
since Father's Day grandpa has not been
talking to me I don't know what his
problem was uh something was wrong and
he kicked me out of his house I wasn't
allowed back and I wasn't talking to him
and last night and why am I keep feel
like I'm getting blurry and it's not
looking good anyway last night grandpa
went to dinner with us at hall's Chop
House we won oh it feels so good I'm
worried we're being too cocky and like
it's gonna collapse on us I know well
who cares if it collapses but we did one
yesterday and it's all get the door I'm
not chickening yeah well the person that
was at the door was the mailman and the
mailman brought us something from
YouTube YouTube gave us something what
is it I don't know I really don't know I
didn't that is so cool yeah whatever it
is
says 1 million creator yearbook huh what
is that like a yearbook the golden play
button class of 2015 holy crap oh my god
so this is this much okay so a yearbook
this must be everybody they got to go to
play button in 2015 that is so sick
let's open this bitch oh shit oh my god
I don't think we should open it yet we
should do with dad okay so let's shoot I
don't know if we're welcome in this
house today give him a call I'll call
him I'm gonna go give grandpa a call see
if we can meet up si wants to come over
here if we want to go over there and we
can look at this gear book together so
let's get this wednesday started gear
book style wait just didn't youtube logo
isn't centered alright
almost
let's try again tell me when all right
no fuckin viewfinder up for me this
sucks
okay so I haven't looked at it yet I
opened this all it was so me and dad are
gonna get this pen open this one from
youtube today
it is a yearbook really for everybody
who got a million subscribers last year
John
of course if I can get it out so we
notice all the people who got it is
right here written in the YouTube logo
so huh all right here we go I have an
opening yet huh Wow
that's awesome you started your
adventure in 2010 your first video was
at your grandpa responds to YouTube oh
shit
you created around 298 videos to
celebrate your success we work with the
silver play button you have gotten over
542 million three hundred forty-eight
thousand views that's more than every
single professional feature film made in
the history of cinema combined that's
what one of the most popular videos with
angel grandpa restores ps4 you have
around 10 times more subscribers than
all the people who attended at the 2015
Coachella Music Festival Wow awesome is
it
congratulations a letter from this you
know CEO of YouTube and it goes to
everybody who got a million last year
Wow that is awesome these are all the
people who got a million subscriber
Michael it's amazing you guys earned
that man Wow so let's see where we are
send order for the team we're probably
the last it's in alphabetical order we
would be blasting abcdefg interested hey
let me cure STV to forget with this one
here we are here we are and I've darn
see we're on the same page as The Late
Show with James Corden the Alex Jones
channel which is like all conspiracy
shit
so 2015 yearbook that's nice
so let's get it thumping get it no look
at them chompers
oh here's good good are you yeah cooking
right now look at y'all got what y'all
happy not now Alan I thought I was
trying to tell you yeah sorry what can I
check out it not dumb
what's they got right in front of us
I never been never wonder her yeah you
member cam man they just cook the fun of
you
we're in a small place in front of
Bobby's why they started drag on your
isn't it used to be stick out well
finally ever went fast steak fat is like
a pink sign it was like white yellow it
you and my aunt Kim's birthday and me
with the desk a couplet I think you know
I feel like I've lost a part of my life
so just now there's a guy named Donald I
know that goddamn thing go mute so okay
dad
sang happy birthday to this guy usually
you know we call fans all the time and
the reason is the reason we don't we
don't ever record the reason I'm
recording this one is because dad was
take it happy birthday and talking and
the fucking Jean is on mute yes it a
happy birthday that hello oh that's
correct
yeah a party yeah grandpa hates me fuck
him in the middle of the video right now
alright hey Donald dad for some reason
muted the phone with his cheek so
everything he did could it be heard so
first time I hit the menu button so
dad's face ain't on the phone anymore
and then I'm gonna give it back to him
okay dad here you go all right
oh the motherfucker like this I got it
right there I'm gonna put it put it
right happy birthday to you happy
fucking birthday to you happy birthday
but there's less impact on this one you
happy when he said that if fuck you
pickable the first would you say better
whoo yeah you found the tune was right
in your wheelhouse man that's high I'm
sorry okay I'll start over Donal you can
try can't start over
all right happy birthday to you I'm like
Marilyn Monroe
happy birthday to you happy birthday
dear Donnell sorry is belated to I still
punch it up okay we got a little game
for you guys right here in the play
button are the names of everybody that
got to go to play button this year so
Steve you can find us all right good
luck shop now I'm getting here let's
show okay this is gonna be hard I
couldn't do it you can't do much of
anything
so all right there you go you guys was
just a case I can't see it clearly do
this gotta be something to let us know
on Twitter if you found us it's a video
of me and Gina you and Tina yeah I asked
her a question oh Jesus
take it put it up over tonight how long
is it a long and ain't long but doc doc
tiffith ten minutes that's long but go
through it with you when you say not
long I'm thinking 10 seconds no man you
don't longer net but you can is this a
sexual innuendo
are you dating Tina what no I date Tina
guys have even grandpa's gay Adina if
you kill like you better go see a
psychiatrist you're crazy as hell click
like but I did ask her a question about
that
so you did yeah we'd be my girlfriend
Oh God did you get down to one knee for
this no but I have to treat it should
ever fuck mother bye
I go said it boy y'all watch the video
all right I'm curious really Jay do you
find out what I asked her that's going
up tomorrow
scary Gary okay dude what is the Tina's
gonna be my stepmom oh hell naw
Albert be your brother okay we got nerd
block that we're gonna open right now
all right Claude please do me a favor
don't touch now this oh hey
he's your little helper yeah but he
likes a ruin it please don't ruin it by
growing it Chi I think he's already
thinking about it let's see okay all
right
please stop it okay I could be circular
all right
so okay close okay I've got to do this
okay okay so first things first we put
the show decide all right first thing in
here is some sort of vinyl collectible
from the guardians of the galaxy it's
Groot that's really neat I don't know
what this is
drubbs I don't know I don't know why
that is this is some kind of coin from
Game of Thrones I've never seen Game of
Thrones I know nothing about it but
everyone says we need to watch it hey
can you see it on the thing yeah I mean
yeah so a game of Thrones coin never
watched it don't know what it is next up
Harry Potter say Gryffindor bookmark oh
that's cool very cool Wow
talking about ghosts and stuff I think
Oh read it that's cool you will read all
bug I said I'll read it that's cool are
you telling me to read it read the whole
book no thank you
next up is a poster
I thought it was a poser it's not a
coaster there's a scroll map oh that's
cool
does this go too though what was a map
for hmm we should ask them to let us now
yeah I recognize it let me know in the
comments what does this scroll go to
what is this huh it's interesting and
last up is this shirt I don't know what
it is I don't either
it's cool though first thought was Zelda
but mine too
oh my gosh what is this shirt you guys
let me know in the comments section I
don't know what a lot of this stuff is
today but it's still cool shit yeah I
really like it
don't clutchback hey Clyde you can't
have this you can't you oh you can't
have any with ok it's not for dogs man
you seem depressed I am a little am I
going to VidCon yeah very sad about it
why don't you go cuz if I left right now
first I have a long 20 hour layover the
airport again 20 hours probably
exaggeration but a huge layover at the
airport and I would I'd had to go to the
hotel and go to sleep so I wouldn't go
if it comes a Friday and then I have to
fly home son it's just can't go but I'm
still depressed about it I should just
went you should of mono
we get this shit all these fucking bumps
yeah Michael even like I'm not in your
ass I'm like 100% sure you use this joke
last time Bridgette made me an
appointment for the this coloration on
my forehead yep tomorrow babe and
there's freaking two gigantic pimples in
the area that they're gonna fucking see
that isn't part of the problem
now get this crap was a indie diaper
ointment I don't even know who said put
that on it like I don't use it every
diaper change it says you don't even why
do you have that Bridgette you get if I
think claw a thing um no figure out why
we had this you better think of a plan
now you say you're going to play a key
along Georgia I'm getting mad right now
why do we have this I need to know for
real maybe I don't know what do you
think ice put it on here I don't know
why not I know it's fine I'm sure it's
fine well be listening ask for a look at
some good honey turkey wings oh it
stinks my whole face stinks cuz you
ready to book me in a point without
asking ya tomorrow hon how shiny do I
look not at all actually let's get in
the white yeah I can the light will be
able to see that shine Oh fine it's a
shiny or not not really I mean it little
I can't wait for tomorrow my elbow
Michael to be honest I know these are
sweating right now I'm not sweating
why don't we'll just buy the wool maybe
see some Sun okay let's go in the Sun
and like hold on my arms God weep how
funny and her little shit my pants on
that thing
oh yeah I'm sorry a little joke you're
shit well I'm going outside to call my
mom trust you okay oh but as Cooper you
do it to me
hey I'm like I want coming in oh my gosh
Michael so like everyone thinks
yesterday is thumbnail for the vlog is
creepy yeah I saw that a couple of
comments that day and like I'm looking
at it and I don't see it what I don't
know what's creepy about it I don't know
actually
but everyone is seeing it calling maybe
they're creeped out first because dads
weren't even that I used to it okay
maybe it's kind of like Tiny Tim a
tiptoe through the window by the window
that's not creepy
no that's creepy it's not creepy though
it is it's like it's just the guy
singing about tiptoeing through the
tulips no it's very creepy dude it's not
you only think it's creepy cuz of
frickin what the fuck's that movie
called
if I were to saw someone in half I'd be
listening to that song what the fuck I'm
just saying it's gone off it's a creepy
song so Bridgette song somebody in half
consistent tiptoe through the eyes you
don't see it
no exact trio tiptoe through the tulips
with me hey I gotta do the part out Oh
tiptoe oh the window didn't work I
thought it was scary yeah no it is
creepy here oh but I know you're joking
I'm not joking actually - what are you
doing I mean okay I've got white men on
my face I've got your diaper ointment
away know where I use the diaper shit
you can't keep telling people wear
diapers all right guys I got it for
Clyde oh good all right yes she is
winking right now while holding the
camera away from her face she's holding
everyone so what was the point of
winking behind the camera just now they
didn't see it this you are I've had a
dude oh your diapers so Bridget has
started a rumor now it's an official
rumor that I were fucking diapers and I
shit my pants and I stay I'm sorry I've
had you guys are never true just tell
people it's bull it's ball I said it
before
yeah then here you are again toss the
funny thought like could you actually
imagine if you wore diapers and I had to
change that okay first of all Lightman
over here first of all forward diapers
all changing myself I also want to
change my diaper I'm an adult that's got
a redundant thing I gotta want to hear
it no more
guys okay I've had it I don't work
fucking diapers people your kids you
guys and getting diaper rash well that's
almost safer today you guys but before I
get out of here I wanted to take the
time to I'm really kind of angry about
this
I was just on Twitter about it and I
thought I'm going to close the vlog with
it you know a lot of people like to make
fun of Bridget they say she's fat and
they make fun of her for and we don't
care about that shit you know it's like
we get it all the time look we both
gained some weight I know that I'm
because of that reason I'm cool with
being plain I didn't gain
wait no you didn't gain any weight
Bridget you look exactly the same
Thanks look I don't I don't make this
funny I want to be for real I know I
gave weight people
no listen cuz this was fucked up there's
this guy on Twitter and you can see my
series of ramps to this asshole
he deactivated his account afterwards I
guess people were slamming him as they
should have because it was so shameful
of him to think that this was okay to do
he tweeted that the only reason brace
decided not to go to VidCon was because
people would get real pictures of her
and you would see what Bridgette really
looked like number one she looks like
she looks on the fucking vlog I don't
know what you mean which really looks
like number two there are real pictures
of us in public places in the mall and
Walmart and fucking McDonald's ordering
bags of cheeseburgers to get my ass
fatter than I am now
there are pictures of us everywhere okay
there's nobody's trying to hide what
anybody fucking looks like yeah you
don't get really pissed this mother
fucking got pissed me off so no don't
let him get to know that I'm not pissed
because he made fun of you I'm pissed
that he thinks he has the right to tear
you down as a fucking woman you know
fuck him this mother fucking bastard
okay I'm not pissed about you know you
can post in the comments below that were
fat stinky fucks but to think that you
would have that kind of power over us
you don't nobody's afraid of getting
pictures if we were Bridget wouldn't
leave the house again so no that's not
true bridge you didn't go to VidCon
because people would get pictures of us
number one we don't think people know
who the fuck we are so I don't think a
lot of people would take pictures of us
at VidCon number two she has a real
family emergency I'm sorry I didn't
divulge all the details to you but she
has something real going on with her
family and I didn't have permission to
say it now what really makes me mad
about this is this guy what kind of sick
person thinks lists let's take a picture
of Bridget see how much weight she
gained how much weight she gained that's
sick be ashamed of yourself to think
that you have the right to tear down
somebody's self-worth and their body
image because somebody doesn't meet your
expectations of somebody being
attractive
I think bridget is fucking beautiful I
love her and I would do anything for her
so anyway that's gonna be a fair day you
guys thanks for watching I wanted to get
that off of my chest
cuz I saw the comment and started eating
at me and I can see the comments to that
now though pickleboy you negate
everything for one something eating of
him anyway I start before you could okay
he was eating at me that one somebody
would think that they would have that
kind of power you think I saw your
comment and decided not to go to VidCon
because you're gonna get a real picture
bye girlfriend come to freakin
Charleston brow go to Walmart we're
there every day so we knew I'm gonna get
out of here thanks for watching like
subscribe favorite fell on everything
but it was and that's it and I love you
Steve you are so hot when you're angry
that's not sweat are you attract no
you're yeah I think you're very truck
that's not from well leaving host chop
house would you make
this take I read my life it verges dad
still refuses to come he seems to think
that he can make a better stick at home
nobody hurts because the motorcycle
would you say I think it real
