well our lights going Bridgette I think
we need to replace it I know right
what's going on you guys kicked me on
the camera here VG was behind a light
ball right there
and today the lights are dying why is
this a tiny anyway I know we have such
tiny light bulbs oh they're all
different
Jay's a different kind of an intro huh
yeah so I was turning on the camera to
do the intro and I looked up and the
light bulbs were fucking burning out
what a weird little Naja doing right now
Bridgette Hey huh you were not in your
head too many times that wasn't you were
a prop you do it again alright I can't
do it
uh-uh you can't pull up a sketch no I
figured I'll just keep filming Bridgette
for the intro now today is Tuesday and
today we're going to house Chop House
we're thinking about it I think it's
gonna be date night
Paul's Chop House and finding Dory right
finding Dory well I mean maybe finding
dory
do you wanna be cool our halls child
paws reservations are for 7 o'clock
we're gonna get out of there on 9 do you
find a finding Dory for like 10:30 or
something I think there is well now it
looks like the plan for today
finding Dory Hall's Chop House I love
going on dates with my man
standby yo man
ah
hit me ah hit me Bridget hey Hickey so
snap out of it hey there he is
Clyde is looking for Bridget she's gonna
take a shower
he's waiting for to come back I guess
can you talk to me now what she's gone
she's gone buddy just me and you just us
we're just gonna love the scene who is
that is he'll get yourself though Kaido
on a chill we're just chillin on the
couch talking think about going to
Hall's Chop House for dinner not sure
yet she's upstairs talking about it
we felt we thought in the intro were
going but maybe we're not I don't know
I sent them with tweets we'll see if
they respond just us guide mom was gone
I areas Oh God
careful what you wish for here comes
Bell she heard the commotion heard us
having some fun I don't know her clutter
gonna fight now what's going on you guys
bored cuz I am waiting for momma I told
you guys last week I was gonna try
pouring the soda on Bridget again that's
why about the to only this time I'm
reporting a cup ahead of time that way
doesn't come out so slowly but they
don't have one of the problems so I'll
take a sip
oh man she started getting out of the
shower guys I couldn't do it you better
get the hell out of here
how I bring you something to drink sweet
no one oh you thought I was pranking you
you know we got to talk about that I am
boy shit mmm
you so sexy right now man it look good I
mean aside from your jokes you look real
good tonight I said to diet to diet too
tight real good tonight I look real good
tonight we're going to host Chop House
folks and I'm sorry that the pregnant
just were armed is the holding this I'm
really sorry I tried to pour freakin dr.
pepper or whatever the hell that was on
Bridget in the shower
but what I got it she's giving out I
didn't show anything right no okay good
I filmed the ground because I heard no
water going so wait a minute
is she out and of course oh right when I
walked in Bridge was spreading her ass
farty oh oh you fucked up nice saying
now I'm gonna riad the clip and hear
fart noise added oh I got something for
you what it just says Lube yeah what the
hell is that I don't know it's for the
oh god that's yours
yeah survey Oh Bridget this is not wine
oh yeah it is what's up Lori my oh you
like to stuff stuff up your butt and you
always get a brush okay yeah one 7:30
alright alright guess who's coming house
Chop House hell hey you guys I don't
know your dad really
so he's apologizing me one dude we so
watch we always go got something so
cocky about this no we won and it feels
so good we won
yeah we were we had to have one of he's
agreed to go to hauls Chop House he does
never want to go there I know oh my gosh
I just
Wow okay music windows good luck aware
that was like we're going to house Chop
House if you want to come and he agreed
to come nice
dad's going to hauls Chop House folks
see one good one
I'm at the moon but I can't do it on
camera it was that Lube yeah hang on
well hello do you hear me cuz I got
talking because it's kind of noisy in
here I'm sitting here in halls Chop
House
Vicky come to haul shop out how about a
bacon thing
wearily
by coming
dad she got the wet aging bone-in ribeye
the gravy
humans really loud dad thought that the
appetizers were the sides
they were the size no bull now it's
already full hearing on the snake or
nothing plays awesome
y'all ever deserve an y'all gotta come
here deed I alive
I know you guys are going to think that
this place paid us to say it they get it
it's just good I don't ever do monster
shit no we don't do sponsors you know we
just really like this place is amazing
if you suck you suck this place is good
speaking of the time I've heard rumors
that garden peas come out with the
burrito shredded dress man I'm just
going on a touch of light to you real
quick just to show your state dad's got
the bone-in ribeye with some gravy going
on I give it a stripper bitch oh my god
reg it's not let me turn this off for
bridges this is the same way by a
truffle butter
and I got the same thing as dad
well leaving Hollis Chophouse would you
make this take I read my life yeah
Burgess dad still refuses to come he
seems to think that he can make a better
stick at home nobody hurts because the
motorcycle would you say let's get real
hey Bridget poll picture your dad sent
of his things
yeah so this was Burgess think it's a
little blurry but and this was Doug's
it's blurry
I think I did a joke state yeah yeah
said no one including job hahaha I love
it so he just take out to see that so
what you think wasn't I thought it was
really good it was great I bet that
bigger bags on the gonna be dog how
better call an uber soon yeah call it
worthless I'm getting a better uber this
time that were sucked well we're home
hall Chop House was phenomenal Doug
you're staking is good
sorry Doug has a British that has this
thing where he thinks he can make a
better stake than hauls Chop House I
love you Doug but no no you can't
so today went good as you guys might
have known for the past week
grandpa and I haven't been talking he
fixed this he kicked me out of his house
when Father's Day and he talked to me
about it I think he was just mad that he
had to cook on Father's Day which I told
him not to
I don't he was mad he's over it now so
hopefully I'm gonna give him a couple
more days but I'll be back over there
I'm pranking his ass Wilson and Bridget
just walking it without me just a whole
thing about how much I hate you oh well
we both know it's been over for a real
long time oh baby couldn't live without
me so so yourself I am live without you
starting tomorrow you know college your
mom you're out
good luck I hope god you're so
optimistic about it good luck fuckface
thank you like fucking I'm not throwing
you out Oh see you guys see you guys in
LA just mention item don't you out
tomorrow she's gone folks she may want
to give me a kid
Oh what do you mean you hate me in
Bridgend
and you have the worst time ever tonight
with a meal you can't
are you serious Michael again yeah dad
what dad okay you're full of shit what
no show me hold on
show me your phone dad hold on Bridget
wants to talk to you but show me yeah
no talking anyway you're such a like I
was about to say are you freaking
kidding me
however I could see him doing that so I
know I'm frankly I'm not surprised he's
not I know I am too
I mean I'm surprised that I am present
wasn't a real phone call I hate you Mike
Dennis thought he was loud he can't deny
that was the best day here Brad and his
frickin I know he's probably gonna say
otherwise though nope who's all right I
think now that everything's better I
might be able to show that Father's Day
clip that I found the other day okay if
you guys want to see the clip that we
filmed that Father's Day it was like a
minute clip we haven't used it yet if
you want to see it click like I
embarrassed myself in that's why I was
kind of not thinking about using it
because hey but why do you smell like
shit
instead of making fun of you how about
you just let me talk about the freakin
clip from father say dad had crabs they
were alive in a bag and I screamed like
a baby and pulls it out you guys want
say it's the only clip I had from
Father's Day cuz I got kicked out about
a minute late oh my gosh okay so you
smell like crap you where do you not
know I don't
you're scared of moving bags okay first
of all it was actual crabs in the
fucking bag I'm second of all I don't
smell like crap I've had you're the one
that smells like crap I think you saw
hon yes you saw yes you took a shower
and then shit your pants immediately out
haha guys had enough fart that was that
wasn't me no that was so you damn you
started again okay that's enough I
didn't add a fart noise over that clip
just now
I was actually pretty haha okay that
wasn't a real foreign I added it to the
clip all right you know what I know
thanks let me know in the comments what
you think we're just for you
diaper fell we're looking for leftovers
got some hotshot pal oh yeah all right
creamed corn um mashed potato so wait
oh hell yeah boy hey Lyle is horse not
marked Oh some dessert
Oh oh my gosh boy I'm ready to watch TV
eat all bread pudding oh sweet hell yeah
man let's go over to the awesome yeah
awesome
you just said leftovers are the awesome
I was gonna say shit but decided it's
mac and cheese baby yeah you said it I
know okay fine leftovers are the shit
Lou this cake hell yeah boy you know I
mean like crying because I'm so happy
thank you Jesus it's okay
Caleb a creamed corn oh we just shifted
around like a Tanner home kind of bunny
that's very funny
mmm now I'm Jude
watch TV with us hell yeah mm fire mash
potato so is that bad for leftovers are
we riding their dick too hard right now
I don't care if good I know right guys
is not sponsored this is really the
restaurant I swear it is so freaking
good yeah it's real good please roleplay
oh well that's gonna be it for today you
guys thanks for watching pretty good day
grandpa pologize I didn't get it on film
there's feelings aside until next time
your table virgin
that wasn't me you know I pushed into me
huh let me please talk so no I didn't
know you're like making this shit up
anyway we didn't get it on film but he
absolutely apologized
we didn't overstep we didn't embarrass
ourselves by saying we won cuz we won we
actually freaking won we freaking won
4-1 ah damn we didn't get a known camera
but he absolutely apologized we won
really why did it overstate it for once
thank God we actually won ah again fuck
I've had it with this you know what hon
fit that's gonna be a pretty day you
guys thanks for watching
I thought your leftovers cameras
overheating like subscribe favorite on
everything for to us in halls Chophouse
thanks
now here you ain't a natural no sees hey
you liar
missile and my bed can you realize it
your father loved you oh my gosh
what is going on I'm serious this is so
weird
oh you're sitting on it bro wow you
gotta get up it's not funny I'm sorry oh
okay well we gotta find it
