what's going on you guys Kippy on a
camera here fizzy yeah right there today
is Monday okay is that hey talk money I
was thinking is it Monday or is it
Tuesday
yes it's Monday wrestling's on right now
my gosh today is Monday and today Monday
night Raw's on so I'm ending the vlog
right now thanks for watching I forgot
it was Monday I don't want to do it
anymore I want some wrestling Michael
thanks for watch I gotta go to Target
I'm not going to target oh my gosh come
to Target
I'm not going to target our new hangout
I'm done I'm not going to die you want
to just realize why I was like that blue
shit on my face oh my god you haven't
showered love you oh yeah you ain't
shower like three and a half years whoa
then war I couldn't him another quick
enough he has a shower too like a month
oh okay this is the last shower prank I
took a shower yesterday yeah today is
Monday and if you haven't seen the video
we put up yesterday we did it to a
Father's Day video because angry grandpa
kicked us out of his house we're not
welcome at his house I thought today
would have been a little better I was
like okay he's pissed about something
stupid he always gets pissed off over
nothing and I thought I would give him a
day so I tried to call him he didn't
answer doesn't want to talk to us so I'm
done reaching out so I'm gonna give him
his full spaces I'm usually I'm like
I'll give him space and I show up on
Wednesday he's not gonna hear from me
until he reaches out to me so I don't
know if that's gonna take two days a
week two weeks for mumps forever
I don't know however long it takes I'm
giving him his space cuz I'm tired of
apologizing for shit I didn't do I did
nothing wrong he's rude and mean for
nothing I did nothing so that's that
that's that I tried so it sucks I don't
want to be that way but
that's how it is that's where we are so
today is Monday you're all silent over
there well yeah I mean I hate when
things are like this but you don't want
to talk I'm not gonna beg you to talk to
me you know he doesn't want to see his
that's it so anyway whatever let's get
this Monday started I'm gonna go watch
wrestling I'm not watching it I'm not
watching any of this off because showers
overrated no you can't shatter kiss
wrestling God use whatever excuse that
is the reason let's get this Monday
started there's so good dude I had a
hell of a morning
Oh shiii oh hey calm down without Bella
who's mean as she tries to get me one
finger I'm gonna fraid hey Bella you mad
first of all I don't know why I'm in the
yard itself for this where's it was just
like we should do it outside the screen
so dude is so pretty out though I wanted
to share that with everyone I am I'm
here so had a little bit of bad news uh
I'm not gonna be able to go to VidCon
this year and you just like totally just
dropped a cigarette in our yard I'm
showing this no bridges over Corbin just
drops it still smoke I didn't want to be
wobbly and shit hell I'm frustrated oh
okay
my go no these are horrible so don't do
it
just looking at the camera no it's gonna
hit me yes five do it no please don't
please Oh
today bridge you got a phone call uh
it's a family emergency thing I can't I
don't want to divulge any more details
than that I want to respect your
family's privacy but Bridgette may have
to bolt on a plane at any minute
and the goal was going to be for me to
go to VidCon still with my friend Jim
who I go to the wrestling events with
and I could go and be with Bridgette at
any time that I had to I could leave
VidCon and go be with her in case
something happens um however last night
Jim something happened and he's in the
hospital right now and he's not going to
be able to go to VidCon and
unfortunately that means I'm not gonna
be able to go to VidCon because I rather
than go to VidCon alone and not have
anybody to talk to in May having to
leave at some point during the week to
go be with Bridgette I thought it might
be easier to just stay here and that
sucks and I'm sorry for anybody that was
going to VidCon to see me I'm really
sorry for that I wish that I could go
but sometimes you just can't control
life sometimes unexpected shit happens
and it sucks and I apologize for anybody
that is let down by this I'm really
sorry can't go to VidCon this year we're
gonna try for next year hope I I want to
try I really want to go to VidCon this
was gonna be my first one I know I mean
I was wrong now
fuck this oh my god yo ma stop it
cuz I smoke No Shh yeah ha ha no VidCon
I'm really I really want to go next year
babe I won't have anybody give me here
because of the wind because you decided
to go out of the screen poor it's just
so pretty out
when here's a fucked up shit what you
know we're so we're still going to Las
Vegas in July and guess what the
temperature is over that just decided to
check what it was like fucking was it
like 115 what oh my god 115 degrees holy
crap
was it like at naive a hundred dude yeah
uh yeah dude it's one of those things he
walk out to Las Vegas you step off the
plane and he just burst into flames imma
bring that Sun Tan Lotion that's not
gonna be enough I'm gonna get some SPF
hundred
seriously I'm just gonna bring some
coca-cola and some maple syrup I'll just
baste oh you guys could eat me once I
turned into a plump cooked ham cool
anyway that's the update I'm really
sorry for you guys next year I don't
think anybody was going to see me anyway
though to be honest I'm not anybody and
that's another thing I felt icky about
making people think I was special to be
met anyway but it sucks for anybody that
was so you guys know it is not a death
and bridges family that's going on right
now just so you guys know oh my gosh
Michael if it was the death I would not
be talking about Vegas that's what I
thought of after I did I was like wait a
minute
you know what that guy's not always
healthy it's just some private family
stuff that Bridget's got a deal with and
I was gonna be there with her if she
needed me it's just a whole thing but
there's not a death I don't want you
guys to think that somebody and bridges
families dying it's nothing like would
be the worst person you would be by the
way my family is dying and I'm going to
Vegas yeah that would be so hard
the odds are not in their favor please
place a bet and winter go that would be
totally fucked
come on December that will be fucked out
really that was nothing like that
there's no death or anything it's just
some family stuff that she's got going
on so that's what that is you know the
only thing that I don't like about
Maggie is what the fact that you have to
sing Frank Sinatra songs you have to
leave what yes you don't know that about
Vegas
I never heard you're lying where's the
camera
I don't know reg I'm telling you
well either way it works you have to I
don't know his lyrics well you better
learn the fucking come on sing for me do
I really have to yes every at nine
o'clock is fine no at nine o'clock in
Vegas is Rat Pack our you have to say
hey you're lying I don't believe okay
google it
I'm re yeah you have to sing the song
how lucky can one guy be do nothing is
coming up it's 9:00 p.m. on the Las
Vegas Strip s' Michael nothing
you're making it up Bridgette okay come
on is what it is ain't that a kick in
the head that's all nothing came up
you also might have to sing that one uh
when I was seventeen it was a very good
year dude you know a little gonna be
careful oh my god come on no losing your
vote you guys gotta see this yeah here
guys Michael
give it here embarrassing uh here it is
yet to seek Frank Sinatra died p.m. in
Las Vegas I can't why would this is
embarrassing why would that be Bridgette
why would your defense you said so
because they see the thing is they both
lost the titles and who gets the rematch
it'll obviously need your triple threat
match
come on come on dude what the hell I
don't know though cable box turned off
to the Power Girl yo I wish those lights
everywhere
the cable box turned out not the TV okay
that's weird
now the teenager what the fuck bro I was
getting into that too yeah so was I
dance for 20 years miss all excitement
can you rewind it like I find out about
you oh my gosh what is going on I'm
serious this is so weird
oh you're sitting on it bro wow you
gotta give up it's not funny okay well
we gotta find it okay where's I'm I'm
joking around
rigid I'm sorry there's not much I don't
want to watch wrestling I sure you were
gonna prank me with the fucking light
was on anyway turn the damn light up cuz
I know when you turn the light all
you're pranking me because there's not
enough light on camera I'm wise to it
now whatever Amy over controller okay
yeah I'll just
I got it no hands it I got it
Michael stop
I would've regretted that you really
really wanna hear
it wasn't me you're recording yeah
what's his T or mo keep doing it here
I'm done I'm sorry
watch out for you what is it you want to
watch you told me you were excited for
wrestling
oh I'm sorry mu this so I don't miss it
what are you up to ah Bridget okay I've
got both remotes okay please stop okay
I'm done
I don't funny it's not funny vlog
they're not gonna laugh at this okay
they're not gonna laugh at this they
want me to watch wrestling I'm sure oh
you know you gotta stop it okay yeah
Dayoung wait a minute Michael we still
need to go to Target yeah yeah we need
to go to Target oh god you were the most
annoying have any drinks we don't have
laundry detergent we got nothing are you
serious yeah go go with me go to quite
target why do you always like Target
it's too far oh that's gum all right
let's go to Walmart that no come on no
you gotta move what is waiting all day
for this last night wrestling was
awesome okay god it's not fine I'll just
go by myself it's cool it's cool won't
go it's cool I'll go look sheep you're
going now
and one's gonna bother me for this it's
probably too dark even see me know I
could see a babe get that's gonna be a
fur day you guys thanks for watching huh
Bridget screwed with me with the whole
wrestling thing
I'm sorry it was funny I'm sorry not
sorry
okay now I don't it was funny I'm
kidding I'm kidding it was really funny
that made me laugh anything to make you
laugh oh whatever
she pranked me it was okay yeah it was
so innocent though like he got admit of
course that's what I'm laughing about it
was an innocent prank it was fine you
got me I'm gonna get out of here thanks
for watching you guys
long mimei it's been a long day like
subscribe favorite thumb on everything
for to us and that's it
I want to end again I don't either
okay we gotta end it no I don't want to
end it Gadson
no I miss them oh my gosh Wow
