what's going on you guys get me on a
camera here rich I see yeah right there
is good day yeah we're going over to
Grandpa's forgots okay wait why don't
you start off with today is Father's Day
I know I forgot we should redo that part
why because I want to say that now
what's going on you guys
get me on a camera here yeah right there
and today is Father's Day today we're
going over to grandpa's house and we're
going to be doing the Jimmy Kimmel
challenge which is hey Jimmy Kimmel I
played catch with my dad and I'm using
this you fill these up they break off
you fill it's a bunch of water balloon
it looks so much fun I cannot wait this
way it's not that mean it's a quick
little Father's Day prank
it's made with love and yep egg with a
bunch of water balloons today
hey Father's Day guys happy Father's Day
I'm gonna get out of here we're gonna
cut the intro short cuz it's time to go
over to Grandpa's house let's get this
day started Father's Day balloon style
Jimmy Kimmel style Jimmy you ain't gonna
use the video he hates us no I know I'm
just saying Jimmy Jimmy Kimmel Jimmy
Kimmel style so let's get her started
what this sucks really does what the
fuck well we got an intro uh we were
supposed to be a dad's house today for
Father's Day it's fucking Father's Day
even without a prank we're supposed to
go to Dad's house just for Father's Day
so we went over there and we were there
for about about 30 minutes what'd you
think yeah about there about 30 minutes
and we pretty much weren't welcome there
so I left he was just being pissy and
annoying didn't want us there so I left
you don't want me there I'll leave you
know so I didn't get to do the Jimmy
Kimmel prank it's I'm really sorry you
guys I talked about it I got you hyped
for it I'm really sorry you guys but if
I'm not welcome there I'm not welcome
there so I left you know I can't say
anything because then he'll take that as
me saying it's my house and so if you
don't want me at the house I'm not gonna
be at the house so no father's day video
today and because I'm going to be at
VidCon for entire week probably not a
video on that channel till sometime next
week but that's the way it is dad wants
to be an asshole so whatever I'm sorry
real piss right now I know me too I was
like really looking forward to the
balloons and Father's Day my dad's over
there
he's always looking forward to having a
Father's Day where he's not a piece of
shit for one day you know yeah of course
but things don't go you know it's
whatever I don't care I'm not gonna
fucking baby him I'm not gonna fucking
wipe his fucking ass for him he wants to
be a fucking asshole be a fucking
asshole I'm not gonna stay and listen to
it so I left didn't get a chance to pull
off the prank and I gotta call my dad to
see if he's still coming over your dad
to come over you know to make it up to
you guys I will let
Doug for the balloons at me on the vlog
today somebody's getting pegged with
those fucking balloons
oh my god I would love to throw the
balloons at you so you are a father to
this little guy bugged yeah that was it
was a different kind of an welcoming you
know it's like there's always that that
yes it all was it the typical game a
goddamn house fuck you oh I don't want
you here it was more of a silently
bitching in the kitchen kind of thing
fucking Father's Day fuck dude so you
know what fuck us I'm out why is why do
you think he's mad I don't give a fuck
dude I don't give a fuck to find out I'd
really truthfully do not give a fuck I'm
sorry this happened today the worst
Father's Day ever so what happened after
we left he calmed down so he just wanted
us out of there I guess he just cleaning
the kitchen putting stuff away come
right now sat down table and started
talking so he wanted us out that was the
whole problem urgent what the hell oh
wow what did you at least have a good
Father's Day yeah me well I got a
present for you I'm gonna let you throw
water balloons at me
remember the prank I was gonna do to dad
yeah well being that I didn't get a pole
on him someone's got to get some water
boobs and let you do it to me boy come
on won't you chill out buddy chill out I
broke a promise yeah he also said he
wasn't gonna talk to you for about a
week oh god are you serious hey what did
I do
you could because I left like I guess he
didn't really say who did what I gave
him a fucking thousand dollar camera I
gave him a fucking $500 grill and he's
still unhappy with
fathers day whatever you know what
stocks is like we were all supposed to
have this cookout so I can also spend
time with my dad
yeah and oh yeah
okay this is so bizarre
who
oh are you popping oh Jesus Christ
good thorough he's gonna hurt man Tyrell
all right these things are not exploding
so now bird you have to do it this way
go ahead round number two
will you move that out of the way real
quick cause Bridget's idea does oh you
got me shit are the tatah through we
take ten paces
one two three
holy shit oh my gosh happy Father's Day
I'm not a father happy Father's Day Doug
that was fun
I got more though do you Wow oh sorry to
do it yeah oh god oh my god oh god those
damn balloons we're getting him
I'm scared
Michael come on take one for the team
let me come on dog guarding his bone
Mike I got it hey you know you did me
wrong give me one of those oh god you're
gonna get it from me no happy Father's
Day
no what are you doing Doug Oh your dad
rocked me shit I would never have your
father say Doug
thank you much
oh that was meant for your face great
got them trained great we check this out
your way yeah yeah good idea
Wells a good game I got pegged in the
face couple of times I got you once once
once it's better than nothing that tree
but I think you got me a bunch of times
a couple times in the ass
yeah so little dark so I'm gonna turn
this off by your loser you're just like
a silhouette right now okay
happy father's a day thanks recording
yeah okay I'm better break so many
fucking rules right here dude I'm
thinking we should do this on camera I
don't want it this is probably against
the wall dude come on we shouldn't do
this linking I'm all about being that
badass today my are being a bad
motherfucker all right you guys want to
see how bad I am you guys don't have a
break no rules
oh hello boy break some rules watch this
I'm pretty sure this is illegal notice
anything special about that Cup and
what's being poured into it oh you're so
um yes
oh-ho I don't know what drink is that
well the drink is covering the logo the
cup hold on might say Coca Cola oh man
you are so bad you are the baddest bitch
in Charleston sometimes you just gotta
be bad I know bad to the bone room yeah
oh wow check another sip yes I will Wow
oh-ho it's like nobody is this badass I
just poured dr. pepper into a coca-cola
Cup holy shit I'm the baddest mother
effer
in Charleston and I can get away with
saying mother effer and still be badass
because what I just did
dude you're badass bitch Oh strong no
any way to batter
go home we should probably go upstairs
now
hey Bella you and he know that I was
such a badass huh she don't give a fuck
about me at all she look at you he'll
that'll do you know I'm such a badass
that I was weak dr. pepper and a coke
cup I don't think she knew man ah damn
lady hates me Betty you'll tell me happy
Father's Day Attwood oh I just want to
take a moment to thank this fluorescent
light for screwing up the lighting and
all my videos just now Clyde I apologize
that you had look so horrible in a
fluorescent lighting but this he was
always happens when we film in here it
looks like crap because it was light
what's going on here blending the
fluorescent lighting for having such a
horrible footage just now
oh and Clyde just made some weird toys I
wanted to film in oh you so cute Oh
listen here brother do the outer arms
look down at cause see this she's so
cute well that's gonna be a pretty guys
thanks for watching I got a little bit
of blue here I'm gonna like take a
shower you just felt a one too did I
just take one huh I took seriously I
took couple balloons I took a couple
balls to the face
so my fidget I don't have hair I need to
wash my hair why would you say this God
what you make fun of me here's the yeah
that's gonna be for you guys thanks for
watching happy Father's Day
I'm sorry that I didn't get a Father's
Day video with anger Grampa today but we
weren't welcomed into his house I'm
really sorry guys you know truly I was
really looking forward to that I know
you guys are looking forward to that I'm
really sorry I tried to make up for it
I got pegged in the I've had dug in the
face bring it the product you know I got
some pegs on my stomach and she's got
well
body because they're still there I don't
know me I'll be honest I don't think
means mr. heartland
those things fucking huh balloon shaped
welts on my stomach I'm gonna get out of
here thanks for watching you guys happy
Father's Day to all the fathers out
there except mine oh happy Father's Day
dad thanks for watching you guys
like subscribe hey bright fun everything
Bridgette West and that's it I'm gonna
go say shower
okay it was ending like tomorrow
I'm the ocarina
see they're really stupid you know what
hey we'll have you at water no you're
laughing come on I might go no no I
already done it you're just gonna make a
big-ass mess now I'm finish your idea
I'll head down the ground
