what's going you guys keep behind cam
here take shower day so I wanted to take
the time real quick in the vlog I guess
to toot my own horn I guess you could
say you know anywhere just to thank you
to my own horn I clean the kitchen today
oh oh um you were just tuning my yeah
and now is my whore nose see this real
Bridget - to report data ok so wait your
Tooting your own horn yeah I definitely
clean so you don't know how to clean
like so Friday its fuck day and you toot
your own horn on Saturdays well no we
fucking fairy - I'm weak ok we're not
talking about that so yeah I clean this
entire house yes I did don't deny it
oh my gosh you know so I'm how did you
credit because of that trick what trick
upstairs
oh so I noticed doesn't record you at
least on this camera right yeah watching
porn what are you talking about
like but shit up now let me say what I
was going to say dude there's no like
the fluorescent - isn't doing anything -
lighting at least as I look at it so
this camera I'd be good to record in the
kitchen at least for now that's awesome
so anyway today has Jude I just like
don't make me cover it up again okay
Jesus Bridget why those crazy
look I'm not responsible for the trash
felt she's spewing right now I'm not
trying to be weird I'm just recovering
alright let's talk about something
freaking g-rated okay what like what
what do we got cuz you've just turned
into a sex talk lingo - like Walmart no
we already at Walmart I'll go back is
this nothing else to talk about all we
have to talk about a sex I'm just
thinking about toe no no no come on it's
enough already
what else anyway so how would we talk
about tomorrow Father's Day no I don't
want to talk about Father's right now
oh I don't have anybody you've ever seen
these but I have these Arrested
Development magnate is basically a
dressed-up magnet where I can dress up
this dude however I want I think it's so
cute oh my god is this what if I didn't
have any hips like that yes
hey bridges funny I'll have any hips oh
my god is soda Lenny oh my gosh I was a
banana
don't do that to bananas Phil oh my god
you're so Phillies midget perverted a
boy and it's a Bluth banana eat your
banana boy hey okay we got to talk about
tomorrow what about it do we get
everything I think hmm
okay got stuff for the cookout we got
the stuff for the Jimmy Kimmel video oh
my gosh I know right God me anything
sweet
no dazzled hitch a bitch cuz he had
nothing sweet for Father's Day we should
probably go back for some you have
officially ruined Father's Day that's on
me my dad doesn't even like sweets oh no
I didn't okay well mind uh mine doesn't
either but I'll still be pissed when he
get it
let's shitty why would he not notice
that yes I've noticed it's very sweet
you guys to either buy them yeah he
doesn't with don't work
oh I'm freakin exhausted after today
Walmart was just
was it Walmart Walmart was just a
completely train right today dude I know
3,000 people everyone was doing what we
were doing we're last-minute father's
day shopping that is crazy but still and
it was just one guy that was like trying
to secretly film us oh my gosh she was
good he was walking with his phone
recording upside down like like I'm not
looking at them and then when he got
around the other corner so I'm looking
at his phone to watch the video so oh my
gosh so there's probably an upside down
video of me on YouTube right now so oh
my gosh we should like look for it you
know you can come up to a suit I like
talking to you guys in public so you can
always come up to me always always get a
picture always say hello you know I
enjoy it's like one of my favorite
things I know it's amazing
so tomorrow is the Jimmy Kimmel video
we're gonna throw stuff at dad as a way
to present is so exciting you guys been
sending your ideas of what you think we
should throw send more ideas let us know
in the comments also should we throw
stuff at Doug to let us know if he wants
to throw something at Bridget's dad and
we'll do it what are you doing what what
are you doing smoking oh I'm a smoker
now you didn't know know what dude come
on Barry here I go please don't smoke
it's a horrible and nasty habit I don't
I mean I think this is all hyena that's
a sign you shouldn't do it fuck it was a
joke anyway how much arsenic does it not
work that lighter I don't obviously not
it car won't even work doing the joke to
you on I'm keeping it don't keep it i'ma
keep it doesn't seem funny I measure
your thumbs calloused over by now no I
used lighters that work Michael
I haven't used any of your gifts don't
you do with it
why are they on the Ottoman that's why I
thought of it keep it well can you at
least put them upstairs oh please no
please
no how about I put them inside the
Ottoman the Ottoman is fouled come out
too lazy to carry anything up like oh
this is rude this is rude I tried really
hard to make your birthday special
awesome just I can't open all at once
dude just this is like the coolest thing
and
haven't even I don't know how loose
Jeremih I asked you to look it up it's
your birthday gift so it's my job to
look up the directions to my own
birthday gift
yes but it was your birthday gift to me
oh you know I don't know my birthday
came with a flesh has been the trash oh
I love it it was still gotta play cards
community I want to take those of oh I
forgot about that
how does it work have you looked it up I
go it's easy in this directions inside
this is bullshit you haven't even opened
your jeans your once shirt you never
wore sorry you told me to wear jeans and
95 degree weather I'll take you to
VidCon no oh your pens one of the Pens
really in it you needed a pen the other
day like gonna use one of these they
hurt my hand right with Kim's pictures
are just chilling what are you just
saying what you're thinking I think this
is sandal piece of fuck nice what you
think I don't think you're a piece of
fuck I just you think this is I just
think you have a shitty way of showing
appreciation and what shows the
appreciation dude your dad was so proud
of that yeah I haven't even opened it I
told you I needed help opening this and
I would love to help you out so let's do
it
now we're gonna choose keep it down here
the same thing the yodeling pickles
right Michael okay shut the fuck up like
seriously
turn that off Oh what was an accident
the pictures I'm sorry I was an accident
I know hey I'm happy yes how about I'll
completely forgive you if you try these
what I completely forgive you if you try
those take these let me try them I use
them
yeah why not they're so cute
I'll do it all right
case anybody was wondering this were
Chucky's bed well trust him out the
cause I know he's so creepy I don't even
want to see home oh shit oh don't fall I
was kidding hey I'm sorry for bitching
at you
no you're just a bitch I'm sorry yeah it
wasn't that big of a deal to the hell oh
my gos oh man it's starting to much
effort you know why photos for lazy
people actually left my light up and put
it along okay Michael
oh shit oh come on do this for fun here
this is just see there Carolee so fuzzy
know what look I get water no we haven't
got a you're that far now come on I
might go no no oh shit I already got it
you're just gonna make a big-ass mess
now I miss your idea how I pet down the
ground
yeah it's not really working now it
sucks
now I gotta clean up a big mess oh my
god
all right you know what I don't know why
I'm being a bitch lately I'm sorry
I'm sorry I can't put up with a dude I'm
out okay get out that I'm sorry I don't
care I don't know you've been a fucking
bitch lately some of you though no I
haven't you really have off-camera you
definitely have don't care where you
have well oh my god what is wrong with
you you're seriously like
over-exaggerating at maybe like s
pathetic
I'm only laughing cuz its but call you
just called you put that in on it it's
kind of pathetic my god like don't don't
try to lie nobody think you a you'll be
a bitch you're freaking exaggerating
though nothing that they have a fuck you
being a bitch at Walmart no yes you are
you were wasn't you were being a badge
you didn't want to record him wall
because you're being up that's not sure
that was you uh you're just trying to
flip it on me I don't appreciate that
but you were being a bit because of you
Bridget
we have to figure this shit out dude
today has been a horrible we fought all
day yeah because of you I thought I've
always told everybody on vlog that I
don't hide this shit from them so what's
going in the vlog us fighting all day
whoa
thanks to you two I'm not gonna have you
thought off on me
it was you all me swear on your mom's
life in an afterlife you can't do it can
you
Mego I was a bitch because I was
responding to your bitchiness okay well
you started the shit how do we fix it I
don't care how do we fix it I'm tired of
fighting this we can apologize already
day on
got about you got it I'm sorry I'm so
sorry
yeah you don't mean it I'm sorry to you
guys for having the watch and you have
no accountability like you think you
actually invalid why did I do
you're just rude and shit but why you
because of you okay see that's no
accountability right there would you say
because of you yeah literally the
definition of no accountability because
of you that's literally the definition
so not what I don't know we go fight all
day can we fucking get over this
bullcrap
after you me god damn we already started
this I had fucking breakup sex we had
makeup sex
hey we have another break I can I don't
have an affinity laughs I'm sorry for
being an asshole today I'm sorry for
being a bitch I don't know why I'm big
enough so maybe I'm stressed out because
VidCon so close and I don't know I know
and you take a shout on me and it sucks
see because I give you a little bit
energy because I'm sorry
now I've apologized I don't need you to
defect my apology okay all right you're
very you're a I'm sorry too but we're in
it together
you shouldn't take it the hell up okay
I'm regretting my apology already no
you're not it's been a shitty day for
both of us I really have the whole vlog
is just us fighting all day basically
it's shitty I'm sorry guys I'm sorry I
love you you know
all right that's gonna start shit I'm
joking maybe try to be funny I love you
love you too
all right you what do you say uh all
right guys click like if Michael where's
diapers come on no I've had it with it
quick like if if you were diapers no man
do you realize that because we wanted to
be whimsical and do like the short intro
and outro I'm now wearing a different
shirt the answer
oh my god so am I so you guys know ahead
of time so people don't go further we
did the intro in the outro at the same
time earlier because we thought it'd be
funny just to go
who's going you guys and then end it and
then another one with just best if
elated guys so that's what happened I
did it at the same time different shirt
and bridget is wearing a different shirt
too because she's the biggest dracula
fan on earth hey let me tell you how big
of a Dracula finish not bridges that's
gonna be a fake guys bye well we tried
to do the same type of trust intro here
we come
bye bye so Bridget laughs so now we got
to do the actual l-tron yeah let's try
again okay hold on Bob I seriously
Jesus Bob I that's gonna be a for naega
you failed horribly that's gonna be a
free day you guys thanks for watching
this camera is dying so I'm gonna try to
speed this up make sure you subscribe to
grandpa's corner if you haven't seen the
channel trailer the link is below check
it out I loved it personally very funny
dad get you ass cooking this how if you
do cooking videos yeah like subscribe
favorite fun on everything Bridget was
by
you always welcome it or invite one you
can do many gotta get high T of you just
hop yeah I don't know how I have that
day you go
