who's here I don't know someone supposed
to come over no it's a really loud knock
hey Lucille get Lucille
what if it's Tina it sounds like her
knock she hasn't knocked yeah it's very
loud and manly okay they want something
grab Lucille now yes get out of here
Ellie our dealer he's a dealer yeah
let's just be here no tomorrow what is
this my heart is right you scared the
crap yeah we thought you were Tina oh
you should put that on your face right
now
yeah it's covered in dog pants you know
this dog right here forever
who's this neighbor unless let's check
our manual
dude that's happened before there dude
dude what's up man what I'm player and
you came early what is this hey
technically this is the first time I've
ever met Mike in prison yeah you scared
us did we thought guys yeah
it was PSV what's going on you guys get
me on a camera here Vijaya ci right
there and today is Saturday guys today
is Saturday and as you saw at the
beginning Matt was the guest yesterday
PSV guys tomorrow we are shooting a
music video what was that he was not
supposed to be here until tomorrow he
just showed up now I gotta have to take
him out and treat him to dinner and
Sully what is that a diet over guys it's
over guys but yeah the diet will go like
into effect next raining now I'm good
with that
we're eating dinner let's just put it
that way okay yeah he come up here
looking like a superstar - watch me more
than life does though there's no way no
way cuz I'll out you both yeah there's
not she well she's good see what guys
today is Saturday and today we're
getting I couldn't say it
today we're going clothes shopping for a
fat guy yeah we uh we got a child lock
but bad it's stuck in the car how're you
good man yeah we're gonna go shopping
now we'll be back well I kind of need
his help
let's go
now feel like 20 bucks oh babe it's
really not good it's not gonna work out
for him he needs to look a little more
urban a little more like we need to get
him a jacket cuz a jacket my personal
opinion a jacket makes the entire don't
really don't look at the dog hair okay a
jacket next to man
so like a basic shirt you say jeans
right yeah like yours all right we'll
keep filming you guys are you guys
hiring cuz he's clearly a Salesman right
I wish I could sell my music I got on
the wrong profession I like the color
doesn't look this one looks guys there's
more of my sides
oh yeah we'll see how he looks in this
language this is gonna really make the
man
what is that what are you doing how you
doing babe good I can't wait to see just
kill the haters god bless them we
already a little bit too warm can you
pull them up a tad cuz we pause nothing
that I think that's fit yeah helping
those pants aflame I think it would also
look go to the black piece of what both
would work yeah yeah this is just for
the projection screen yeah it's really
it looks really good I'm a real rapper
it's like you're real what nothing
shameless store thank you for lent
lowers and I got one so sauce to do am I
just gonna wear the same outfit for the
whole time I hope you get two outfits
but at the same time it's like you could
just wear one they call me yeah crispy
mmm peanut butter in yeah so we're
definitely get another out you still
doing this you get my back that can't
get like that yeah man swear did you
walk into all my house yeah yeah that's
not on this couch
yeah totally totally gone wrong message
oh yeah are gone I was a pro moment I
cut this like velvet I'm sure
that they had like a helmet I learned it
it's never got Chelsea so Who am I going
to hell with I mean on my dinner they
end the rest again in the beginning of
pen is a mini so dependent understanding
edit I can hand the credit like a say
off them had under pain in your hell not
connected what arms I get elbow I send
out for what they are fearful I'm
pulling up easy like velcro my fell
going up like a salad now flow on the
top like a map I'm taking this out of
the bounces I'm making the pestle new
glasses
having demonstrated dedication got a
reservation for you and it aim of
bringing on the Venice Italy and it will
be courage and prowess
so that seemed kind of go stand outside
of Elmo's leave and I don't know gonna
bump into the door and with the
opportunity is funny well got close yeah
you do now it's time to break the diet
are you guys matt is about to be in for
a huge surprise
I need a brie one you right now yeah
surprise ever
I just got off the phone with my sister
she is racing on her way to come meet
your sister that's Jennifer Jennifer
yeah she's coming she's coming to see me
she has a crush on you why it might be
might be Jennifer get it hello we don't
want any no seriously he actually has a
crush on you you okay I want you to make
her feel as awkward as possible as
awkward as awkward as she possibly can
feel I wonder if like my girlfriend if I
see this in truth like that's weird and
I'll be like I had no idea
kotas Lynch she's on her way Jennifer is
here to meet pfv he's using the bathroom
right at my place she's your save it
what are the thoughts in your head right
now
what she's bad over there to meet you
okay that was all like a high I don't
know yeah you did somebody put somebody
put a meme on the internet about it yeah
she got here real quick to meet you
that's funny so you got anything you
want Salem your music is like frickin
awesome how I couldn't say I had
something to say to you I didn't wash my
hair she's so in love yeah Doug has been
replaced with Matt oh he was doing the
dust bunny ears oh I thought we were
gonna yank my wig off oh my gosh wait
you're Lee you want to shut up
I guess I'm what yeah I love badly about
dude
she's okay we've not talked about how
much makes you a good right man you're
the passion in her voice I'm not in love
with
no we just let you go you pull up he's
gross where is she well Jenny you blew
it yeah you blew it oh god it stunk all
right Matt nice having you man guys
tomorrow we're doing a music video
tomorrow's long it's gonna have a lot of
behind the scenes stuff hope you guys
like the song when I put it out I don't
know how long you think it'll take you
the video but
tomorrow should we do a rap battle oh
alright okay so we don't least play the
rap game cuz those people a little taste
right now give me the word just dude
defeated defeated yeah okay
man forget this rap game I don't believe
it
I cook up the beef I'll make you eat it
man I'm gonna chop you into pieces I'll
chop you back even-steven
man I must spit you out like skills then
freakin come on doing damn it
this game was important I feel like it's
kind of unfair you know why why is that
should we battle he's gonna win okay all
right PSP you mess with my sister you're
gonna get an STD you learn those STDs
before her ABCs she's sickening and I
think there's something wrong with a man
don't mess with me hey I think I just
took the El get out of my house
he's a better rapper guys I hope you
guys liked the song before you go how
long you think it'll take this guy to
get the video up not really that long it
shouldn't be that long because the last
time we did it only took him like a week
or two to get everything ready and
they're like he said he was taking
longer so it should be quick guys music
video coming soon with this dude on the
chorus yeah with his beautiful voice of
an angel oh my god just wait til that
Juliette song though dude I did a song
with Juliette Riley that that girl is
awesome dude I love you Juliette you're
the best better than PA in a song with
her - bye it was nice meeting you
thank God he's out oh he's back hey I'm
always was always watching lock the door
ha ha you can't get rid of me alright
peace out bro alright man see you
tomorrow man
is he go on is he gone
oh you scared the crap out of us pfv
thanks for stopping by now you need to
leave
you
