what's going on with you guys get behind
a camera here show us here that failed
okay that did not work haha we were
trying to change our voices up for a
little bit and what wait a minute
what the fuck is this oh I was happen
there all day yeah really
yeah all damn hand out of my face all
day
someone forgot the cover-up I don't wear
makeup yeah you do cut that shit out I
don't we're making foundation and
eyeliner
I'm not true that yo that's not true I'm
just joking but the eyeliner but he does
remember not where motherfucker
I'm your eyelashes we're we're good man
you're just weird they wear diapers the
beginning of the video we were trying to
change the tone of our voices to see if
we can sound like different people
Bridget said noir choose it hey my work
so yours was like fanny
yours was crap it sounded like Bridget
west doing a different voice might sound
like a different human who's me so fun
oh I'm not fun I have to be you oh wait
you're not even cool anymore
look I don't like this cool Kate behind
the camera here cool Bridget no you're
not cool I'm cool I'm cool you guys cool
today it's Thursday and today I'm gonna
tell you guys the story about the time
that I met Barack last now that's today
throwback dial it was the first time I
met Brock Lesnar that's gonna be later
on today we're going over to grandpa's
house we're doing some other stuff I'm
gonna look at this thing
what the hell is this this is a MakerBot
let's get this Thursday stuff makeup no
I don't wear makeup you were I by Omega
it's fucking better go buy a car not
fucking walking around a frigate huh is
this shit
are you serious yeah dude I was scared
you're good about to hear me every time
this camera this stupid camera hit the
door I hid behind the doors I don't know
what this is it's not a bump it's
nothing feel it it's a temple it's not a
pod cover ups open I was not using that
look at it I don't want to film this I
got the driest skin on a soft chair
brick I am a dry motherfucker maybe
laughs it wasn't funny so I don't know
you I don't want to do I don't know tell
you wash your face daily and I might go
away I'm tired of covering the Lynch at
my hand please be an adult and walk away
from me
please be a Dalton accept what I'm
saying Klein Hey
hi wants to know what's going on now do
it yeah I'm just in tell my story
how's the lighting pretty good
is that right thanks all on my face yeah
great I recall you having it before
though Jim reason it wasn't yesterday's
vlog more thing you've had it like
before just in general so I told you
guys a few days ago I would tell you
what the first time that I met
right now Clyde is playing with the toy
over there so so you guys don't think
that's me breathing heavily that's
actually called having fun buddy yeah oh
my gosh
all right me dude his face is Liske
inched up though so last year I went to
New York City for the SummerSlam
pay-per-view and it was in Brooklyn and
the day of the SummerSlam pay-per-view
as you guys may have seen when I was at
WrestleMania in Dallas Texas this year I
work for Paul Heyman I've worked for
Paul Heyman since I think 2005 it's been
a long time a very very long time I've
worked for him and he's one of my
closest friends
so Paul called me and asked if I wanted
to go backstage at SummerSlam he needed
me to do some stuff for him of course I
said yes who doesn't wanna go fucking
backstage so and and soda but it was
just not to be a freak or anything it's
to eat off the catering because
backstage the catering at those things
is fucking delicious so I get to the
backstage at the Barclays center I'm
sitting in catering and the first thing
that happens is I'm not eating any food
it's really awkward there's these all
there's all these wrestlers around you
and I don't want to take the food from
them you know to be like I don't want to
take their food I feel like a big fat
bastard sitting there in this room of
food and I don't want to take it so Paul
comes in and he looks at another
wrestler and he says hey will you make
this guy some food and I'm like aw don't
do that and Paul oh you're too good to
eat with them now I'm like aw shit
you know it's not that well he's too
good in with you guys okay I'll eat some
food the wrestler gets up and starts
making me a plate of food I'm like
please stop doing this I'll make it I
don't want it but I'll eat it surprising
that was actually a whole bunch of hot
dogs that morning but anyway hot dogs I
pretty sure I was in they ate hot dogs
yeah how many hot like four that is so
funny like where did you get these hot
dogs there's like a food truck right in
the middle of Times Square it's just
something we've evolved you like never
eat hot dogs so it's funny yeah
eat hot dogs unless they're New York hot
dogs and by the way client is migrated
directly under my feet good
he's like pay attention to me ghost
there you go
got some attention why are you done
petting me the reason I'm telling you
guys about me eating backs into the
catering is because it actually ties
into the story so Paul looks at me after
I'm done eating and he says there's
noises all around me it's kind of hard
to tell the story now Bella's like fuck
your story fuck you so after I eat this
plate of food that I didn't want to eat
that I was forced to eat I have to go to
Brock's locker room so I go to the door
I not come the fucking thing and when I
open it
Brock's asleep and I woke his ass up I
woke up Brock Lesnar and he did not look
happy about it I walk in and brought it
was we good card it did not look safe
then I woke him up Paul what to me you
see that's why you don't bang on
people's door
you woke up Brock and I had to leave I
had to go back to catering so I end up
back over there and catering sitting
there again fucking eating embarrassing
myself fucking eating their food
humiliating finally Paul comes back in
he says hey let's go talk to Brock now I
met Brock once before it was backstage
at the raw after WrestleMania 31 but it
was just a quick handshake so that
didn't really count so I'm walking into
the locker room and I walk in and he's
just standing there
and he's given me this look he said I
walk in at Brock's is gone
now a lot of people say something I call
it I've always called bullshit on it
someone says oh my god I was afraid he
was gonna kill me and I was going that
sucks that's not funny that's you know
that's not a funny joke I thought he
could kill me he had this look on his
face he was just going now look oh and I
look and he's shifting his eyes from me
to a pizza that's on his counter he's
going take the glass stuff
and I don't know why I look over the
pizza and I figured maybe it's his maybe
it's his pizza and some fat kid just
walks into his locker room and he thinks
the guy is going to fucking take it at
the ceiling and the Pollack's I mean
Michael brought brought you a pizza
would you like to have a slice
now I'm not hungry cuz Paul just made me
eat a whole bunch of food from catering
now he set me up man
I'm pretty sure I was set up cuz I'm not
hungry oh oh no I'm good Michael
Brock got you a pizza
would you ripple slice of course I will
whole time he hasn't budged from moving
he's in this position like he's gonna
snap I I don't know what's gonna happen
I take a slice of the pizza start eating
it any smiles and sits down oh my god
that's all it took nice to meet you boom
oh yeah I eat the pizza we had a good
talk but that was the first time that I
met up I thought that I was dangerously
close to getting my ass beat oh my not
but I think Brock was what actually beat
my ass but if he wanted to it might I
could stop him
you know what am I gonna do back up
Brock you know I'm getting fucked up did
my ass beat so anyway that was the first
time that I ever met Brock Lesnar he
just exuberance like I don't know the
word for it just badassery so if you're
around him like fuck this guy's a
monster who could fuck anybody up that's
what you feel when you're around him so
the reason I'm telling you guys a story
as I said the other day is Brock is
gonna be back in the UFC at UFC 200 and
first of all I can't wait cuz the guy
said to fucking beast and yet I'm so
thrilled for that oh my god I cannot
wait I is fucking fast he's strong he's
fucking he's fucking awesome dude
he was it was I'm so happy that I was
able to meet him Paul thanks for that
it's amazing so if you guys want to see
more about brock lesnar and more behind
the scenes shit what he's like behind
the curtain which ain't that different
from what he's like in the ring as a
matter of fact he's exactly the same
there's no difference
you seen Brock Lesnar in the ring that's
what he's like backstage he's the same
fucking person the guy is just a badass
who could fucking beat your face into a
paste so if you guys want to know what
that's like ah that person's like click
the link below and the woman just popped
up there and check out poor oh don't
it already popped up the first time oh
there it is again
it can't keep popping up Oh Bridget
you're looking stupid now
Oh Bridget you can't only make a link
pop up once so now you look like you're
fucking ah that's the story well we're
back here at dads and as you can see no
storm door I'm cause I'm so proud of my
dad kind of wondering how pissed is
gonna be so all you have to I don't know
why this is so hard for you could I
don't do what you're trying to tell me
all you have to do is talk it's a
channel trailer dude I should try other
trailers I think that's helped me pull
behind the car
have you ever seen a movie trailer yeah
when they were doing going like a
preview of something used to my I know
you're joking you've seen a trailer
since before Gone with the Wind not I
mean gone when when I'm in north or
south oh okay
that's still the 80s okay yeah so anyway
right now we're trying to set up dad
doing a channel trailer for grandpa's
corner because he's bringing it back
we're trying to get grandpa's videos and
subscribe yeah we're bringing it back
subscribe to grandpa's corner tomorrow
we're gonna be uploading a channel
trailer but if he can understand what
I'm asking him to do but I understand
what it says what's not alright hey I
understand what you mean but I got to do
it I gotta talk into a comic trailer
that's oh god I what the hell is a
travel trailer had to do with my channel
is he sucking when we reach it no I'm a
very serious we're gonna be doing we
gonna fight let's not call it a channel
trailer this is the fuck this is your
preview we're doing uh I don't know how
we do a commercial yeah a commercial
so for grandpa's corner all you know if
you haven't area yes all you got to do
is basically how I am to make
commercials now see if we going to do
with Walmart so all you got to do is
basically hi I'm grandpa watch my videos
that's it it's just a channel trailer so
people who it's just a channel
commercial for people to come to your
channel and talk about what you're gonna
be doing like cooking oh yeah I'm gonna
do some cool more cooking you're gonna
save it for that camera in there so oh
I'm grandpa and you know subscribe for
content for this channel I'm gonna
because LM Bridget like subscribe yeah
yeah about that it's fine that I just
want to do this you ask him
dad's been asking me to get videos for
his channel for I don't know how long
now that I'm working on one he just
doesn't want to pay it any attention
because I I don't understand forget it
we're not doing it no we're gonna do it
do you know how to do it we'll try Oh
God oh man what are you doing setting up
the camera hey that's my new camera be
careful this is that I got this for dad
for Father's Day yeah how you like that
Josh I cap don't break it I'm not gonna
break him just showing it dad refuses to
use a camera like we use for the Vols so
you know I can write yeah you take pick
a brush yet you're just gonna stand
there like this let's all lose it with
JC have the TV in the kitchen I saw the
limp row almost looks like really like a
real commercial shooters company he give
up look at that
so our JC's watching the feedback you
wanted feedback so where do I stand
right here fat more okay how's it
looking virgin good I'm agouti picture
she's not in the picture by you I'm not
I'm just getting a setup for you perfect
film inside the lens it looks like okay
how's dad looking pretty good at the
angle I always look good
that ain't gonna weakly another way
should I hit record I'm getting set up
still
okay channel trailer
damn how no good idea man hello
yeah oh this is why we're doing this you
know oh I hope no don't break my camera
I don't think he's gonna break it like
he know he knows what he's doing all
right doll my hair's getting that square
yeah I'll lower it a little how's that
look that works okay you guys want to
see the finished product
check out dad's channel tomorrow how do
you like the camera I live okay I'll
swap welcome to Paula's data right more
coming you know you're covered the
Windsor yeah but you understand I will
board for Father's Day are you filming
this
no what are you doing filming this hi
dueling cameras that's pickleboy turn
boy so the reason dad wouldn't film for
his channel is because he says he likes
to look at himself I guess he forgot
these cameras do that but oh I don't
know that yeah you hit so dads like are
your later camera better is it God I
won't film it I should get one who's
kidding good camera this is what's
called camera you wouldn't call this a
camera hell I'll call our picture camera
but it tastes clearest crystal-clear
video you know so do i so let's see what
i'm looking like in your viewfinder hi
everybody
pick a boy here pickle boy here
like/subscribe you trying to give me a
new channel trailer down dad couldn't
pull off the channel trailer you guys
yeah don't you do anything well you
couldn't do that not got like a seat you
could do it what the hell is that on
your shirt
it's Deadpool you look a cricket that
was here cricket you yeah look at the
miles and shit look cricket super biotic
cricket
grandpoppy I can call this video grandpa
behind a camera you got shit oh my god a
game of it
so what only goddamn game shit now
assume face in the living room
understand Stevie's better I'm gonna
film on overhead shot while you filmed
at grandpoppy honey camera here grab all
bobby camera here so I'm not fun to do
hey fuckface wave your deal are you
better go yet
yeah kind of whoo go I'm keeping you to
cover your lids but I know Ted volumes I
don't don't touch my fucking lens what
would you do if I did I'll break your
camera are you serious
sure well let's find out Rajat okay
right now we're trying to find movies to
watch Bridget did I really want to watch
part of the Caribbean before I go to
VidCon you do realize I'm letting you
choose all these movies because when
we're done it's my turn and I guess it
she's your movies to know number one
Wonderland number two Pulp Fiction
number three you don't wanna watch Pulp
Fiction glorious bastards
you're not choosing the movies for me I
just did know you so what we watched up
we watched inside out we watch Zootopia
Nationals watch Lion King brave Pirates
of the Caribbean that's fine but
afterwards I choose dude Zootopia was
amazing very good you know the was like
a Finding Nemo sequel out or some shit
quiet Finding Nemo sequel holy shit
something oh my gosh we should totally
watch Finding Nemo tonight just now
finding out about finding dory fine why
are you joking so cool holy ocean I'm
not that is so cool we should go see it
after if we watch Finding Nemo I have
not seen that since it first came out
how is this the first time you've heard
about finding dory
dude I you have like a weird memory
thing where you just forget it
no I never heard about
the shit that's so sick we should go
Steven 3d okay we have to do the outro
for this okay so we're locked 3d Abel's
- I don't you talking about me my car
what why'd you cover the lens oh you
gotta film everything I don't know why
comes away
yeah like what the hell did I do are you
mad at me like no I just I don't know I
have a habit of covering the lens now I
got stop it I cover it too much is this
how it works no you got to go totally
around I like this No
damn is a workout mmm right I know
you're joking of course I am but the fly
threw me off I know that's why I like
stood back cuz I was hoping for that
what truck I know it's insane I don't
recover lens I got stopped outro time
why would you cover the Lund we're happy
right now
I'm so so used to doing it but we're
happy I know I'm just so used to being
unhappy
oh so you're always unhappy is that how
it is
baby are you unhappy with me oh oh hey
look it's my freaking skin problem oh
shut up
well you're like staring I have like
some sort I think your dermatologist
appointment babe
why is that my god it's a darkening off
the skin you're supposed to get that
shet chat huh I'm only wearing this hat
that's what you forced me why are you
gonna wear the hat like this oh my gosh
babe you still wear your hats like that
all the time no I'm all about it though
don't look at the fuck face not only I
look like a fuck bass I know it ah and
this thing's gonna be
fix - well how do you fix that I used to
do a home this is how about you'll feel
like a fuck face I love it oh my gosh
that's it that's there Emma I'm a
fuckface face ah no I'm gonna get out of
here thanks for watching you guys so
like hey I feel like I look like a fuck
no you look very mature I'm gonna get
out of here thanks for watching you guys
haha long day
pretty good day actually we did the
trailer with anger growling that trailer
was very funny I still get ahead but
that's going up tomorrow on this channel
because we're repopulating grandpa's
corner go subscribe we're gonna do lots
of videos for it very soon but I'm gonna
get out of here thanks for watching you
guys this vlog broke 20 now see you
stare at me in a way that's gonna be a
fir today you guys oh is this pit open
this wolf closes whole time grain so
like are you supposed to leave the price
tag in there I don't know anymore man
fuck face I don't know about that shit
no more like this guy favorite
everything but
and that's it
I know you what's going on you guys
fuckface behind this behind this cancer
or dermatologist spot or stop him
I had it fuckface here real funny right
here right there
think this however I was ending them
same clip right there and today
