what's going on you guys kid behind a
camera here bitch I see ya right there
and today we're going over to grandpa's
to meet my dad stop your fun today me
let me do this today is Wednesday and
today I got an answer my head alright my
I might as well just do this and today
is Wednesday and you got H on your head
today is Wednesday and today we're gonna
hopefully film the rest of the video
grandpa getting a new door grandpa has
been pretty selfish this whole time I
really don't want to get him a door he
just got it done oh he's been selfish I
never hear it out of your mouth this
time he's been selfish deeply I bought
him the door yeah was an asshole bowels
I hate Douglas not doing Tolan you know
Wednesday but he's been so mean vocal
Jimador so he's been really selfish so I
love we'll finish the video today or not
I don't know we're gonna find out hello
if you pisses me off I'm gonna pay Doug
they're not installed the drive that's
just what's going on up here right now
has he's just been so selfish about it
so I don't know if the video did come
out today you already know because it's
uploaded if the video hasn't come out
today you already know cuz it's not
uploaded but if it's uploaded check out
the link below how'd that go link is
below
it may not be below hopefully it's below
you're messing me up with this man
forget it let's get this wednesday
started we're going over to grandpa's
house and hopefully we're gonna install
a door selfish style selfish stuff
you're your own camera restriction no
more actually why is it the one I look
at Felix I just feel like he wants me
dead
look at this you sick of me Felix you
know what Felix is cute no I think he
hates me
Oh Turpin
so he allowed it he's like you get one
minute of pet time then you'll leave me
the hell alone I don't think I've been
this close to Felix in a while I know
dude he's always like gone no you know
sometimes he'll be behind you while you
watch TV you don't even know it
oh I do know it Felix I come you know
get behind me we'll watch TV oh my god
this is history we're filming
only I've ever been this close to filled
his face no not yet buddy
don't lose easy to spray me why did he
turn around he's a talk to my ass he's
goofy things and look this he'll spray
me if he does yeah I hope he does he
does we're keeping it in to the log cuz
that's just repulsive he's twitching
look he's gonna fucking spray me what
are you up to Felix okay found some
fortune cookies in drawer I'm going to
open them see if they give me any kind
of details about one of the deaths today
fortune cookie will dad get in the door
today ignore previous cookie what this
is ignore previous cookie
holy crap I've never seen that ever
before does it matter though I don't
have a previous cookie yeah blame number
two
angry grandpa hit you with a hammer
today Oh No what's it say it says if you
are wise with your decision good things
are bound to come huh okay all I make of
shit decisions I make some good
decisions give me that fortunes mine all
right
I don't think fortunes are transferable
no they are in this case the Chinese
gods are now knowing you have it in turn
reverses to them
here you go get away from me might be uh
easier to do this with a little bit of
help
oh geez dude got a god buddy come up
with the door then you call would you
give the ps4 back you go got it he's
water my room took it
I've been doing right yeah right because
he's out hey one guilty
hey yeah yeah you look at working huh
oh he's no super bug ah tell me what to
do
too many chiefs not enough engines
grabbed or see that dad try to doing a
good job
you have pegged oh wow what God you
enjoying for the good job right Dorothy
hey hey yeah you know so I'm here to
talk kind of tired of this dad you know
it's like Doug's putting the door in for
you Charlie's helping you destroyed it
and you're still just bitching I've come
to interested Newberg looking bored so
anyway you shouldn't sit there and chill
and watch I'm what he like go to your
room or something no okay I have been
doing it done right I feel like we
should just tell everybody to leave or
maybe take a lunch break it just can t
anybody down for a lunch break
we're probably to go out the Chinese
without dad miss facetious we can go
anywhere just away from him oops
whatever you need oops you don't know
what to have you doing
I'm not I'm not sorry Doug I know this
is a bitch but you could be cooking for
us dad or something oh my god who else
heard that key card trap he called it a
trap you can't walk out because I love
you so much baby why can't you see what
you're doing me we can go forever with
suspicious miles yeah we can't go you
know why I left
yeah you're barking orders and being
mean I told him you to stop doing shit
for you Shh you do that I'll tell him
not to so he'll be back I'll tell him to
be backwards it
yeah well probably done with the main so
I'll pay him to be back daddy not to
come dad needs a new door / don't care
don't treat my fucking dad like shit
okay I'm not gonna have you treat mine
later I'm not shooting your dad like
shit yeah I'll believe Thank You Michel
digger Pauly you love your dad I love
mine yeah well I'm gonna tell my dad not
then I'll find somebody okay go get dick
he won't get paid he's like in the Scent
no I'm gonna pay him I definitely will
fucking pay my dad go to the garbage it
okay now I'm here I want to talk to my
father in peace I'm here you believe
this I can't believe it
now I want your dad's side here too yeah
okay why okay yes I'm on his side but
I'm not on your side if he could back
out be nice yeah maybe you should
apologize to him ain't you an issue
dad's never apologized he's not gonna
start today
no he's apologized like who's never
meant in his life
have you ever mentioned apology of
course well I'll get him to come back
this weekend we'll finish the storm door
what go sir yeah Michael let's go home
go fine they're not hitting okay you
know I'm on your side side now yeah I am
on my side that you throw me out because
I'm tired I want to go to bed well we're
having a cookout at your house for
Father's Day
whose it says me all right Michael
and we'll get you door fixed and all
that all right Michael
love you what'd you say love you love
you too bye Michael
oh I don't know if he meant it or not
course a minute but son you tell me
Bridget yeah all right this is my usual
after dad freaks out look well I'm just
staring off into the Sun so I got the
camera dad Oh today one that bad of a
day was a shit day but it wasn't as bad
it really wasn't
I'm so happy my dad did what he did we
love Pepsi
we love coke now start to pepper yes I
know I was doing it on purpose to look
like they paid us I know that's why I
said what I said spoo don't yeah I did I
did it on purpose so people would think
it so let's do that again
ah no that's a soda Wow
thanks Dr Pepper just kidding half a
cent
fuck your drink fuck you I want mr.
penlow dad
that's is weird I don't know people
never noticed that before I don't know
if I ever drink sodas on vlog before I
think so cuz it's something I always do
know camera camera it doesn't matter
every time I drink I know I don't have
you did yes it's so funny I'm always a
commercial mode or something
use is like so what are you doing today
dad
I don't know what it is yeah I don't
either
I always salute it's weird huh you're
just a weirdo look back on vlogs and see
if you can find other times that I've
done it cuz I'm curious cuz I don't know
if I always do I don't know I just
noticed that when I notice it I noticed
that that's kind of redundant I just
know that what I notice it I noticed
anyway I don't know so by now you would
have seen the video so the intro that I
did earlier can work we did a video
today I just finished it and first of
all it's got the most epic intro that's
it's pretty cool I want you to watch it
just for the fucking intro the intro is
fucking epic it's like a double w we
repackage repackage and Dibby Dibby we
packaged like a promo and then it goes
to three days of grandpa without a door
and it was so funny I'm so glad you made
that choice if kind of I don't know he
kind of half-and-half he has the door he
doesn't have a door it's like he has the
door he has the doorknob but he doesn't
have the storm door yet oh because he
mistreated he mistreated your dad I want
your dad side about this yeah that was
so shitty of him he was an asshole all
day you just saw some of the stuff that
I didn't include in the vol he gave my
dad a little extra money cuz I felt so
freakin bad yeah it was kinda yeah that
was just sad yeah we left as house uh he
was waiting at like the front of the
neighborhood you know we'll just like
sitting in his truck like Danielle knew
this guy is sad or somehow no dad
mistreated him dad that was fucked up
I'm kind of pissed because I'm missing
Death Cab I had tickets to Death Cab for
Cutie night they're playing right now I
told you we should have gone I didn't
want to leave while your dad's
installing the door yeah I know so I had
to miss it
so no def cab but at least he's got a
fucking don't worry oh yeah ah I bet you
really wish you went to death town
oooh oh man Kimberly uploaded her making
the potato see actually dead
last night but I haven't watched it
until now she made the potato salad
prank if you didn't see it I pranked him
by giving her this bullshit salad recipe
and she fucking made it so the link for
that is gonna be below if you want to
check it out
oh it freaked him oh oh my god
we meet you
she says doom hi I wanted right
I want to hurt her burn her hand oh my
gosh you know Kim bullshit recipe or not
I gave you that peel the eggs hot
because I wanted you to burn your hands
for my prank potato salad that was a
great recipe and she fun dinner I think
she only fucked it up by not doing the
hot egg it's probably been really good
otherwise right Michael it's still funny
but she won't worry Brian I was gonna
Bank scam you oh oh yes well Ken I'm
happy didn't hurt yourself I'm not I am
that would have been funny oh you guys
okay this pumpkin plant is out of
control Roger dude dude I think it's so
like a um like an orange thing but it
might have been like a flower well you
did not sure only the way it feels yeah
I don't want to touch it
oh yeah like those things where show me
I see nothing orange I share what's
Orange right there oh my god this yeah
that's not a Warren just it no - how
come every time I said what orange thing
you kept pointing that's not Orange
well there's something in here that was
orange I swear no was you probably drop
with a Chiclets or something yeah it's
okay to touch these no poisonous I kind
of feel like it feels so weird
so have you called your dad and
apologize for my dad yet no oh look at
that spider lowering to you what that
this button oh it's following oh it's on
your hair fucking lawyers stop know that
the reason that prank just worked on
bridge is because this morning there was
a spider right there and she texted me a
picture so I would come get it
I'm show them Jimmy's picture I saw it
this morning I saw I already told the
Spira head of time cuz it takes her
forever to get something off her phone
why not I still have it though oh man
this is getting out of control no you're
getting out of control please find me
this onblur there it is that was right
where Bridget say oh well right okay
Rico please
now that the Chronicle will grant pause
doors over which by the way if you
haven't seen it check out the well I'll
pick up the fucking chair Oh your voice
man I'm still doing the Father's Day
prank when anger gonna pop that's coming
up we're prepared for that's gonna be
way too oh god Frank let me see what I'm
gonna say Oh Jimmy Kimmel whatever he's
doing that's what we're doing goodbye
turn off the camera well that's gonna be
it for today you guys thanks for
watching just scared me I scared you
though oh that's all I care well you
happy about something yeah
proud of yourself as what it is why do
you sit on your shoulder please stop
okay you're okay
okay I fall for shit okay you got it
you're right you win I'm gonna get out
of here no that's gonna be it for today
you guys if you didn't see the video
check out the link below
angry grandpas ungrateful you saw some
of the other stuff
it's one of my some of the shit in there
some of my favorite shit I ever felt
like when Dad was like cracking the wood
the board with all that was really funny
oh my or taking Charlie's PS anyway I
want you guys to see it check out the
link below that's gonna be it for today
you guys thanks for calling and make
sure he's okay when you when you call
him say fuck you from me oh please I'm
joking over you're on his side we all
know it I know dad was an asshole I
assumed that all apologize even if he
doesn't mean it that's gonna be afraid
guys
like subscribe favorite on everything
Bridget was and then oh he'll come out
and Taylor
do not let middle the fucking game I got
in ten minutes we're eating all my
goddamn game down here that I'm all done
oh oh you shut up MIT I fucked up I got
a game and go blue team
