what's going on you guys can't be on the
camera here compared to us he yeah right
there and today is Wednesday Anton
Oh intro not over yet sorry today we are
going over to grandpa's we're going over
to Grandpa's house this is day one two
three one was for the past few days
angry grandpa's been living without a
door not living without a door but
living with a makeshift piece of crap
door because he bashed the glass out of
the first one it's worked its I'm pissed
about it still he smashed his glass head
and so to punish him I'm not gonna have
Doug fix it until Wednesday tomorrow so
dad you're not getting to fix til
Wednesday
he's sitting there with a door in his
living room right now he's not gonna
have it fixed and he's not going to
until tomorrow
damn she did baby boys ha ha ha baby
boys dad I'm sorry but if you wanted a
fix you should have broke it in the
first place you you still hiding
yourself in that baby ha ha yeah I do a
mine dad drank your grandpa you last
night when you shit the bed right about
Latino anyway I don't want to drag out
this intro I wanted going to go over to
Grandpa's house check on him see how hot
his house says cuz if it is too hot
we're gonna have to get a fix today if
it's too hot but I don't think it will
be I think it feels fine I think this is
covered it's kind of fine and I bet half
the house is cold half isn't his room
was cold as fuck yesterday yeah so he's
gonna have a real high electric Bell and
that ain't our fault anyway let's get
this Wednesday it's Tuesday Tuesday this
Tuesday started
what's up pop
all right I just called look it it at it
over here
they'll be here first thing tomorrow
morning Oh every do now you got your
mosquitoes right yeah I'm just a nobody
anything belong on that door don't get
fit dad you can't I serious I can't love
you said it doesn't be put up there then
I'm gonna staple something you're doing
I scared every that's tell my dog what
if the snake comes in that's coming
buddy
it's gone shut up okay go I saw a garden
snake get a gate my genders fix your
door please
no I thought rattlesnake on your portal
yeah I'm not doing it fuck up please
leave I've really got a bit ok God Oh
long day I know so walked over to Dad's
house it drove our to that song and you
know I'm gonna walk in any fucking
rounds went over to Dad's house and as
you saw well I guess you didn't see cuz
that's actually gonna be the main video
but when we got there there was a note
on the door look at what some walking
dead
it said was don't dead open inside that
was creepy I think you're supposed to
say don't open dead inside but it looks
like don't dead open inside it was a lot
better it's like I don't know maybe your
brother would come out and say oh I did
it but he say you didn't do it it was
probably him let's be honest how did he
Ray had to be so so freaking creepy I
think it was Charlie but anyway dad and
Charles got into it today like he I want
to give it all away I want to say cuz
that's gonna be in the video tomorrow
but Dad ripped his ps4 out of the wall
and I don't wanna stayed out of it dude
it was a heartfelt bag for Charlie at
one point I know I kind of did too
so long day after we were after what you
just saw at dad's house I stayed and I
talked to dad for a minute but he didn't
want to talk to me dad had no intention
of speaking to me so I wouldn't got out
of there now it's late the vlog is going
up late because I waited so long I'm
tired
more than I'm freakin exhausted I kind
of want to go to bed like
no you can't go to bed right now dad is
just an unruly bastard
right now what is this problem no answer
you don't know David I don't know I mean
he's just an asshole
I don't know he's pissed off when we're
up his ass nice pit stop him or not
this really is pissed off that your
brother ain't up his ass
you got to tell your dad to be quick
tomorrow yeah cuz I got Death Cab for
Cutie tomorrow night sure yeah
I gotta bring some earbuds or something
why is that cuz I'm gonna cry and you're
not gonna cuddle me no I'm not gonna be
coddling you I'm gonna be rocking out
and all you may see you following my
eyes out you as me rocking out to Death
Cab I love of mine someday you will you
guys gonna miss me at VidCon Bella out
you can't have that no y'all can't have
concert you've got to call everything I
can do that Bella's not gonna miss me
though are you but you can't she doesn't
care at all what it is I'm gonna miss
them so much
oh I'm sorry hello that is not yours as
lazy as she was anything's mine was in
this house right Jesus
hungry somebody want to jump up the
earth I need some hugs no Bella that's
mine
I got a sandwich oh man shit that's
Mama's fellow I was gonna miss us if
economy miss car
Oh chef make sure you want the
sandwiches again oh my gosh Bella no
yeah yeah please don't have my food
Sheila runs this shit dude she like this
is my food this is my house you gonna
miss me a mama oh she's so bad she won't
eat it right out of my dude she
definitely well like that's freaking
crazy Bella Bella Bella this is full of
stuff you can't have okay
it's got onion just got Tomatoes
oh no it's not cheese it's got a
wonderful like I can keep her a veil on
no mama Bella no no doesn't care mm
please
meanwhile clients like a little boy no
no don't like God why they don't care oh
my gosh I'm sorry we can't give you any
treats we can get him feel bad yeah we
do
and then lazy over here is like well I
think he's just scared that God Bridget
and filmless he can film from behind all
this like this is what it was like we
were kids with mom what kind of home
with Chinese food
kara she don't want o go with that lo
mein mama I'm sad she did that she would
bring it home and play for herself and
eat it froze you that is so mean Bella
no no you don't Bella all right let's go
get you some treats I'm gonna rare let's
go eat some treats okay good
Oh what your parents want it
they smell like shit know what all this
don't even film it so you didn't really
get to see it in today's video because
you're gonna see it in tomorrow but if
you follow us on Twitter you would have
seen it earlier
Bridget posted at first she posted
before I could Cheerilee I'm creeped out
it was Charlie
dude he's gonna play stupid for a while
I was either Charlie or JC it was
somebody like that or dad himself I
don't know who did it
but who artistic I don't know thoroughly
that was him Charles is very artistic
he's you know he's good at poetry
drawing it was Charlie so I think we
came up to Dad's house today and this is
what was written on his door dad what
the hell Bridget
this is clearly a Walking Dead reference
what the hell that was on his door today
I can't wait for you guys to see the
video tomorrow this shit that we filmed
with Charles and dad I was it was one of
some of the fun each I think we ever
filmed I agree I dad is too when dad
starts destroying the signs tomorrow you
guys you're laughs interrupted my speech
tomorrow why
Felix you normally go out there do you
hate seven Felix ever want to be in this
house anymore thanks Bill a guy can go
outside not Felix
and there goes fields for the next month
see you when we see you buddy he's
probably already gone I wonder where he
went
is he under the tape where'd he go he's
a freaking shadow for real
you got a shadow just like Batman once
he turns the corner he disappears
dude where oh I see him well oh shit
Terry Park you seem on camera hey Felix
Academy right now if you go over to the
Heyman hustle YouTube page there's
another video this is for wrestling fans
and UFC fans if you're a UFC Fan of your
wrestling fan check out the link below
it's also popping up right there I'm
hoping that's the site because I'm not
doing both
that's not my twitter either Bridget
that's not even something popping up on
the screen sigh not to do that anyway
God you know why tell me just let me do
my thing
Bridget I told Paul I would talk about
this okay
he wants me heat paper it's a great
video it is a one-on-one interview with
Paul Heyman and Brock Lesnar
featuring re Dalton which you guys don't
know arias he's been in a couple of my
vlogs but anyway it's a great video you
guys gotta check it out also click like
if you want me to tell the story about
the first time that I met Brock Lesnar
because this video shows a lot of behind
the scenes stuff and there was the first
time I met Brock Lesnar was backstage at
SummerSlam last year and if you guys
want to hear the story it's a fucking
hilarious story oh my gosh guys it's
very funny it's a pretty funny story
guys can tweet pull up the ying-yang and
ask if it's true he'll verify it this is
the totally true store if you guys want
to hear it click like I'll tell it but
in the meantime check out the link below
it is height
for UFC 200 in Vegas which I'm going to
are you going
I might go I hate these mics man I might
go to that bridge it might go to UFC 200
on me to go yes now I don't well she's
out no one you can fucking watch TV look
at Bella virgin it's like all fogged up
Stassi it's like a piece of like a
version of Harlem like a blur
oh my gosh our sandwich is still on the
couch oh shit lazy hey guys even eating
how much was left from yours how much
was left half well she ate half of the
half in line and the top piece of bread
who can't see if she didn't touch mine
it's all my life all right
she obviously loves you not me okay
thanks Bella I'm all good holy crap good
to eat my sandwich
Bridget not so much a little baby go
Punk I know it's fine you too dark I
can't vlog in here I don't mind sharing
where's you're gonna love this angle I
look good in it yeah you're like one of
those things were like you're like one
of those things were like if somebody's
like confessing to a crime and they're
on TV and they don't want to be notified
like really anyway that's gonna be it
for today you guys thanks for watching
long exhausting day Oh God
tomorrow's gonna be even longer and I
got a concert to go to
I've got dad's door to think this is
gonna be exhausting
bear with me maybe we should postpone
the door until like Friday
he's got we gotta get a fix dude he
freakin busted out that thing and then
destroyed it afterwards you know yeah he
frickin but it's like I don't know how
he fixed it I wasn't fixed when we left
when we left dad's got a big a hole
hey dude who's genuinely the most
hilariously immerse in my hole I was
crying laughing filming anyway
that's tomorrow video going up tomorrow
hopefully it's gonna come tomorrow a
grandpa got a fixed or check it out
we're getting out of here
getting ready for VidCon get ready for
Father's Day getting ready for a whole
lot of stuff I'm excited for everything
like subscribe babe a head everything
for two eyes and that's it what a hell
you have
would you stop Omar and with a cheese
that's the condo I'm talking about all I
can do
there's got the delight of the plug off
oh my god
