what's going on you guys kid behind the
camera here majority yeah right there
and today I'm you got some of your teeth
smile smile and today go see it big
smile right there
oh yeah bridge got nasty teeth oh nasty
teeth my teeth are not nasty though
today and today we are going to do the
nasty thing from reticulum lip look
today we're gonna have lunch of grandpa
I wanted to say that I don't care you
made fun of me so bear today's Monday
feel like crap you smell like fucking
diarrhea yeah we actually do poop girl
that was poop our teeth ooh
really long today is Monday and today
we're going to have lunch with anger
grandpa he wants a little bit of Chinese
I think he's just gonna try to
sweet-talk me into getting him a door
when she's gonna get a door but not
today if you haven't seen the video we
put up yesterday and you're wondering
why grandpa needs a door pause this and
take a look he went apeshit on his front
door he doesn't have one anymore hey I
noticed something actually in the
comments for yesterday people are giving
you shit cuz they said you shouldn't
have the right to tell Dad he can't have
a door but you clearly said in the video
that he should get a door I know right I
was the one who's maybe should be pissed
at me I'm gonna use any shaking in the
door oh man we're going to Chinese with
angry grandpa
I think plate one's gonna be nothing but
egg rolls oh my gosh my plate one is
gonna have teriyaki chicken it's gonna
have all main that's gonna have an egg
roll it's gonna have shrimp okay my
plate two is gonna have teriyaki chicken
lo mein and egg rolls and the shrimp's
from British blade oh I know I'm sorry
I'm taking your plates of food you have
an issue sharing and I never did why is
that I don't have an issue share and the
biggest issue okay guys
me just tell you something a little
cigarette picks over here okay so every
time we go to a drive-thru we usually
get about two drinks and I sometimes
take a step to lie we're gonna talk
about medical real every time okay
she's right when we go to fucking
McDonald's or something I'll say hey do
you want anything to drink because I'm
getting myself two teas
cuz I fucking love tea and you actually
and bridges she's like no I'm good we
get bad one of the fucking T's is next
to her I said to get yourself a team I
got to cuz I no one's gonna run out I
want more and bridges like I just hate
this one okay you wanted to talk shit go
ahead yeah okay so Michael I've never
asked you this but I'm actually really
curious when you were a child does
something really bad happen with drinks
because seriously every time I take a
sip I will do I'm not talking about this
okay I'm not what happened because
you're horrible to me when I take a sip
other we first of all as I told
everybody I've grown up dirt poor like
freaking homeless poor we grew up with
fucking nothing so when we got drinks on
the house we would all go grab drinks
and we would hide them around the house
cuz we don't want anybody else to have
them and we didn't want to share drinks
we know that our drinks are gonna get
taken from us it's the only thing that
we have that's ours so I would go to
sleep with a drink under my pillow okay
so this makes me sad but I mean it's a
drink that can be easily replaced well
not when you're broke yeah but when
you've got a Ford replacement just yeah
but I talk about right now that's
affected me yeah we can afford drinks
now uh-huh
that's like whenever you leave town and
come back I always make sure the fridge
is just yeah we usually the fridge is
filled with your shit covered with your
drink but what the hell's our drawer
full ginger ale I don't drink this
what there's gotta be all about you
can't have one drink please man i right
now we're cleaning Bella's stomach like
going crazy baby I think it tickles her
belly we gotta wash your stomach girl
oh my gosh so joint I can't tell she's
trying to your stop I don't know man
probably your funny fella y'all good
girl
me it's really hard to shoot at this
angle there's garbage everywhere like oh
please I'm not showing them they're
seeking bombs i'ma show that no no this
is you Oh Oh is it this is Russia this
is all you baby it's old as fuck I just
can't it was me - I wanted to pizza
Brigitte Generico we started dying three
days ago on long oh now what one pizza
get out of my ass I bet you want me on
this stop it man what is this thing man
- let the Gaul well I know that how do I
take it
you were so bored filling your head I
was a British gun ha ha ha I might even
damp clean uh been clean I'm gonna be
elliptical like that's how you do it
feelings gonna buck me off trial I can
stay my weight like hey when you do that
um it starts going full force so you
might want to not do that we're talking
about I'll start going full force you ne
won't be able to stop okay you try get
me to or something no I'm saying don't
do that because in the machine will go
crazy and you're not funny
your jokes important feel stupid I'm
done with you oh my god I'm seriously
really bored I don't a filmless yet it's
boring it's one of the most boring
things I've ever felt okay
they can't all be winners not everything
I do is funny this is so freaking boring
like no one to see your freaking bill
out now she don't want to see it either
okay I'm sorry I'm not fucking funny I
thought I had something funny yeah
didn't work I don't want to cover the
lens
you're not funny I just we got to start
cleaning now I'm not cruel a B C better
once you just stop making fun of me
because I was funny she thought it was
well we just got done eating a little
bit of lunch
yeah dad do a dad requested I not fill
up him while he eats but you didn't say
nothing about after that was good it was
pretty good very good thank you to wait
man I was just about to ask how all
that's going yeah gotta get away from
him for for a while man damn all I hear
is GTA
niggas control hang would you no good
yeah I mean I'm sorry about the door and
all chose not to buy that game your
fault I'm on your side here dad but not
you gonna be blaming me a little off it
is not who bought in game I just think
that like you did overreact you did
overreact you did no doubt about that
yeah when we're gonna go to poured or
whenever you're ready now we're gonna
place that damn door when you want to
look am i doing now let's go now then
cigarette yeah you can you were brewed
you know Here I am okay
you destroyed your own doors oh don't
forget that what you sword your own door
you oh yeah you kind of leave mean you
going that you gonna do stop playing the
game you didn't talk to me dad he like
didn't wanna i walked in i said hey
first of all you threw all the tacos
shit away before I got there was because
I showed up late yeah so you got to stop
doing that
pledge of a certain time my house you're
not there you don't eat
that's the rivers in your fist wasn't it
so we're looking at freaking new doors
got a have one yeah whose fault is that
your brother's know your ability you
like this door no are you helping me or
not you still be able to pick out door
okay what do you want to open the hill
that no yeah you must want to see that
I'm broke too
what are you pointing at us answers door
this looks like this to a barn dude that
one is more perfect for him you're just
trying to get us to spend a thousand
dollars on the door for Brosco thousand
dollars per door are you stupid
I kind of like thank you 32 by is you
got glasses okay
Wow bitching Oh all because you know I
have been my luck that owning a break
then I got damn door with a book on hey
that's actually nice I hate it I want
with that and those it belongs to like
an office
no Ron Diggs where the hell you at
would you stop all Mart and look at
cheap it is that's the condo I'm talking
about how long I like it all I can do
just got the dry to the clock off
Oh oh my god
5:36 to go fit my whole weight thank you
my wrong no idiot oh my god still
something that a whole day boy
hey yeah would you bring your ass are
you looking to door wow that guy's got
me trapped back here in this on the door
you can't he's helping you out you know
you can't mistreat he's on the street my
dad hey you've been watching y'all know
what I'll do I don't know what fart Oh
fart again dad farted again a second ago
it was full on the other one I didn't
record Oh
eventually it's not going to be part
anymore you go shit all over the floor
no that'd be embarrassing then that's
going on the main channel viral video
program all shits and we got to get a
storm door - okay we get in store what
about that one down here I need make
sure we get the right hair if you care
for Jana don't you go yeah that door fit
it should
but then the doors you take are this tea
outside right yeah we have to get a door
who can limit it back up 36 by 80 it's
got over this way and open inside would
you come on please be nice to my father
I am I'm glad to join you all
I'm very nice to my dad who this door so
we're on the screen doors I really like
that that's a nice door turn left over
but at all night
the other ones $270 more but then you
still try to swing go for it that's 274
well that's as a solid board if anything
dad needs a solid door so where the
stone door that okay
Khadijah's your wire
well somebody off run with this from dad
here you go but good I'm not trying to
get in a closet
Oh mice 28 guys okay that's the door oh
Jesus Christ he knew better goddamn
snowboards like you you don't know where
it's not either it just makes it so much
easier
god damn who are you again really who
the hell I am mr. tricks oh go beat Doug
fish man surely man this stuff's got
cell doors with screen door and the door
together I don't think I'm good but I
can go to a damn half-ass place they got
what else our main but again I can get
into any one of those doors with a can
open these you're not going to open what
again they goddamn cats imitation
basically I can take a butter knife and
get in that house then you get your side
mic on it you keep this and shit don't
you
what would be in follow the camera
please
no I mean they don't sell them together
together yeah I guess get going there
that that way you get exactly what you
want because over another place you had
the screen door to Chi light but that
door that they were selling with it was
currently the thing I get a stone golem
matching up to that door so we can be
sure there's no gaps there will be times
there's no thing yeah because you're the
one putting it in three Oh Michael look
the tears we got the girl with the money
we don't need Michael
hey we got the hey boy bad there no wha
hey boy what does that mean
hey boy come on come on boy give away
look here huffing you you can't keep up
your fire okay hey whoa hey go this is
daddy quit dad
he's walking away
Tommy Jackie good boy hey know your role
put him what no way you should ask
nicely mine one of damn shoes fortune
you show you what that phone back
what husband she was sure she wanted
that phone back from the thought you'd
be farting all over it all day I don't
want it back okay mask facts well I'm
not sure
oh okay you want it hit my gut it and
clean it up real freaking good I'm not
touching to do spit on his ass for two
days while you take it out clean he goes
on well dad is not happy right now
oh my gosh I know right I mean I can
only do with so much so you just should
have never done that shed that was
really ridiculous thankfully he's got
the new door yeah who cares was not
installed yeah yeah oh man I got grandpa
the new door as you saw we went to the
Home Depot we got the door shows the one
that he likes he fart he farted like
nine times you know she was embarrassing
dude especially when the freaking people
were coming over to help us with the
door there went they freaking smell like
hope they didn't think it was us they
knew ha ha ha they had to have known so
we got grandpa the new door and he found
out when we were leaving that he's not
getting installed until Wednesday hey I
filmed it I'm saving the video for a
chronicle that I'm doing i film some
extra stuff that I haven't put it in the
vlog I'm gonna use it for a video is
gonna show Sunday Monday Tuesday
Wednesday
showing grandpa
living without a door so dad you're
watching this I don't care
sorry grandpa I'm not sorry sorry not
sorry not sorry baby
dad's tell my bugs or for anyway you'll
see bugs flying in your house tough
you shouldn't have smashed it with a
hatchet alright I didn't do that you'd
have a door right now so that video is
going up Wednesday we're still in the
process of making it dad
I know it's been a struggle and you had
you don't have a door right now you you
packed it up with some freaking board
it's hard we have to wait a little
longer see you Wednesday
I've got a gun camera yo god yeah hey
Bridget any reason we Quinjet yeah I
know my tablet shit well it's time for
you to clean while I go start to play
about wrestling toys hey you promised
you it helped me when did I promise that
you promised me you would help me did i
pinky promise though yep nope
wait let me see your pinky yep
