stop dad please stop dad relax please
what is this going to do
chaos neg dotty what oh my god Bridget
he just made this a lot more expensive
Oh freaking money I don't know why I was
doing this I but I want to go home you
go I can go
what jacket help what I can't help it
you're holding that one yes well there
you go out of guide yeah room
go baby play with you okay give me a
pass here we're gonna talk about this
you know can't you do a good job you how
about a dog I got damn door you don't
talk you just fucking react yeah still
filling it there
tell me I know you gonna put off what
gold that your room boy oh yeah I got no
dog I give up
y'all do come on you don't know Ross
come on this isn't helping nothing dude
he overreacted I'm not saying you - I'm
not saying you didn't react it's done
No
I'm out of here my fault everything's my
fault
as usual where we'll begin I mean I
don't know why you're giving us up
because Bridget he's not well I mean get
your brother to do it why do you have to
do this where's everybody's fighting
about everything right now so clean this
is gonna make things better it's not
cool dad
you guys can't be in the same room you
know I felt this going to the okay I'm
sorry
but I did when I got the PlayStation I'd
been talking been I don't hear your
mouth no more okay shut up
we haven't get a gun at all oh we've
done we do it who does who needs action
when you got words good lot okay I don't
work dude can we go now
like I don't want to leave his I don't
know was that why so friggin angry drops
out because he bottle shit up until he
can't hold it anymore
welcome you've got come on you I'm not
gonna let that happen
it's enough of this way I'm going hit
yards what I'm having the strike back I
believe my dad I would do that but it's
enough you guys all you gotta watch that
dude just fucking thing right behind oh
yeah I need to take this with us I kind
of think so man what else does he ha I
don't hear any the frickin damn prison
shakedown team fight okay any but how do
we give all this give it I don't know
the brooms not sweeping any of it here
you know what I'm wearing these they
have house leverage it'll fuck yourself
up he's just
I think he's slowly quietly accepting me
slipping the senility
you know who's no he's no carbs how long
he's gonna fuck so how long have you
been like this dude he's been quiet with
me for the past couple of days we had a
good day yesterday but I think what
happened Bridgette fucking we were
coming over and we and you went right
there to Charlie's room and that party
fucking flood denial cuz nobody talked
to him we said hey hey hey we said hey
fucking door and around who's like do I
not exist but it seemed like you didn't
freaking want to talk to us anyway
I know walk in he said hey didn't he say
hey back fuck him out there was he you
he wants somebody that he want somebody
to guide him along and open up slowly
open up like a jet blossom you're his
guidance counselor I guess I don't have
an intro for this part I should have
done something like that ah just left
adds an dogs are freaking out at least
they're in a good mood I really don't
know what to say about what just
happened the past I knew I wasn't gonna
talk about on the vlog because I thought
I could work through dad with it work
work with that about it he's been
talking to me he's been pissed because
Charles apparently just plays the video
game and I was telling Moses okay just
calm down if you got a guy I told him
just come over here if he's pissed you
never come over so if you didn't see the
video you saw much act I don't even know
where my head is right now dad destroyed
his freaking he overreacted and
destroyed the door gonna get him a front
door uh
not today not tomorrow uh as soon as
possible
I think as I was leaving he was giving
some kind of makeshift like board to put
on the door I don't know dude well then
we're gonna have to get him a door
though where do I know that's obviously
something he needs
hopefully he doesn't freaking destroy it
so you guys know I don't want you to
send me any doors you know like some
people seem to think that if I say I
can't get him a door than they should
send it to us don't do that I can get
him a door I just I don't feel like I
should right now you know what I mean I
feel like he should be punished a little
longer he destroyed his own freakin door
you know I gotta be honest like I don't
have any issues with video games he
definitely overreacted it's just because
the dad has a problem that and we knew
we saw it when I lived at the house dad
has a problem where Michael come in big
lush teeth ten seconds goes by I just
make my goddamn self he gets pissed he's
so impatient this has got to be an
example that you know I've seen Charles
cleaning the house while I've been there
I know I feel like your brother does a
little more than just like video games
but I just see no problem with playing
video games and your dad I think hates
video games he hates everything about
video games it sucks
God just thinking about it was very
annoying it was so annoying and I don't
like how he was like you leave no shoe
news I don't know what that was what was
that like no hun I can leave whenever I
want to we left I know okay
you ready go suddenly we were held
fuckin hostage or something we left are
we home yeah okay you know what you're
do your fucking attitude that's I'm
sorry it's not my fault okay you're
pissing me your dad says that I'm sorry
and I'm sorry for that I apologize that
your dad is so sorry like so
you're not gonna apologize what's a
hippo's if you're laughing cuz you know
you were egging me on and you know it I
wasn't trying to I was just talking I'm
not sorry if you're not sorry how about
that shit I already accepted it you
can't take it back
well emotional you can imagine that but
we both mostly have taken it back I know
Howard please apologize okay I'm sorry
for calling your father unstable but he
is
you're yelling at me I'm not yelling at
you uh yes you are
now apologize for that I'm sorry for
yelling we need to get to a point where
his shit doesn't get us fighting yeah
well tell yourself that babe I get mad
when you talk about like me saying I
want to get a door I feel like you don't
we get another door did I say don't get
him another boy all over your back I
said you should get the door ASAP it's
something he needs
hopefully he doesn't destroy it that's
what I said he's not gonna show the new
door yeah let's help I'm tired of
covering the lens just stop recording me
stop I'm getting really mad
oh you use making me laugh please stop
filming me yeah I just thought about
something hmm should we do the Father's
Day prank on him yeah of course gonna be
so matter-of-fact about it you
absolutely I want to do this to him I'm
so pissed off at him we also have
another one too what I only know the one
right um every year Jimmy Kimmel Oh
Jimmy Kimmel mm-hmm I forgot about Jimmy
can I look forward to that crap every
single year how do you do you just
destroyed a frickin door though even
better even better it was what's gonna
do if we forget this prank and it was
Jimmy Kimmel don't want to do this here
hey Jimmy Kimmel I stabbed my father
what is ha ha ha ha
let's hear the way here was to hop on
pop what you did to him twice last year
was the hey Jimmy Kimmel I served him
breakfast in the shower what the hell's
this year
I don't know I'm definitely doing it I
know right oh my gosh I'm really excited
though cuz he fully deserves it I gotta
be honest though I don't know how to
maneuver around this situation with
Charles and Dad I don't know what how to
progress how to proceed
I got it each time we go over we bring a
fish sandwich or McDonald's that will
instantly make your dad happy like is
this for real
I'm serious any time we go over until we
prank him we should definitely just kind
of buy his love with fish sandwiches you
know he wouldn't have even done this and
we were just sat and talked with him
instead of going to see Charles Michael
I know but we tried he it seemed like
anyone is there that's why we went to go
we didn't record it we didn't record it
but when I walked into the house I was
okay what's up dad and he wasn't really
talking I said hey how you doing there's
like book you here for didn't cook he
sought to have Sunday dinner he told me
last night we were doing all kinds of
tacos it's tough right admit you know
what happened it just I just realized
why he did it why we showed up for
dinner of 4:30
he made his dinner around to something
so we showed up late you probably either
threw it all away did 4:30 is dinner
time he that's what happened all right
now I'm even more pissed
I want these pranks to be brutal Michael
he's done this shit before and it's
annoying
Oh God he didn't live it cook out that
time oh who the hell eats dinner I liked
what was expected noon I wasn't even up
at noon hey that's why it in it for sure
for sure
you're absolutely so freaking right
nobody's calling right
look I'm gonna quit he's very obviously
not ready to shut to break the fucking
door obviously I'm saying so so can I
talk can i okay I'm not saying who's
right to break the door I'm saying yes
if it's sure I don't know I don't know
if it's true yeah
I'm just saying that if it's true
to just chill out on the game so much
just for yeah just for a little bit
because I know when he gets like this
his head - a bad review he destroys the
door today
he's our rippner door off the fucking
hinges he's gonna frickin I was trying
to talk to Charlie about something okay
I found that why because I feel like
everyone would like to know that well he
still doesn't think he did anything
wrong I told him look I'm not trying to
say that no that's what I don't think he
did anything wrong yes come on yes he
did I mean I think I think he should
clean a little more if he's staying with
dad
rent-free maybe he shouldn't play the
game so much maybe if that wants him to
clean the house or makes him tea he
makes him teen cleans the house but I
also told him dad overacting asshole and
I understand that I see both sides of
the spectrum how do you do
so then anyway I mean I
we know how your dad is it's like you're
right yes that's why I'm leaning towards
Charles being right but still I see no
way I don't done I guarantee ties with
playing the game for fucking two weeks
right you know probably but we would
think can you blame the guy no we would
I mean I don't know it bag of it we got
to do the outro I got to get this video
up I love you I'm trying to stop fight
through fucking happening we got to fix
this before it gets way worse well the
best way to do that is to ignore him
know who grandpa no that never works you
always recommend that and it's never
worked didn't it never worked
guess what happen to one town move
you're him we woke up when he was
downstairs tearing shit apart the one
time we ignore him he destroyed my
telescope
you're writing it ignoring him does
nothing except pissed him off we ignore
him and my front doors gone you're a
you're right I mean I don't know what to
say I just think he's overreacted by
anymore I want to use this moment as a
transition into the outro stop speaking
wow those are closer we can do that fuck
you fuck you I'm gonna go play a game
now but you I need silence for the
transition no there's not gonna be a
transition unless my voice is in it you
don't get to tell me what to do yeah I'm
sorry
please stop talking so I can just do
this all right except stop it thanks
babe oh my god I got turned a good mil I
just covered it that was the end well
that's gonna be a pretty day you guys
thanks for watching guys get in a better
mood I'm in a better mood now they ain't
like you destroyed my crap so now it's
just a matter of getting them happy so
maybe the fish sandwich thing will work
I don't know dude over sure work come on
he loves make fishes make fish I don't
know what they're called filet-o-fish
professional anyway I'm gonna get out of
here thanks for watching you guys
beyond seen the video yet where grandpa
destroyed his front door he fucking
shattered it click the link below it was
very annoying but I just don't even care
are you walking away quit walking away
during these things I'm hot I'm gonna
get out of here thanks for watching you
guys like subscribe favorite I fell on
everything but your West and that's it
no it isn't
I love you guys no that's a smile
from my stomach
dear
how's it doing a card here was gone
you didn't hit him I know he doesn't
know how it's doing well either now
Oh
