what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here vigil see ya right there and
today okay you had nothing say no I do
it all the time in every way doing I
hate it okay calm down it's also kid
behind an elliptical oh shit dude is
fucking these huge I really
so anyway kid behind an elliptical here
Oh today is Saturday and today we're not
doing nothing we decided not to do
anything today we don't want to leave
the house we're taking a little break
from leaving we're not going anywhere
I mean we never leave out of this so
yeah but we usually leave us to get food
and so I don't want to be tense about
food today it's like I'm not going full
diet folks look I don't want to talk
about this shit
no no not even discussed yeah yell at me
yeah that's what I long don't yell
anyone I suppose if you didn't see the
vlog we put up yesterday I would say
it's probably one of my top five
favorite vlogs we've ever done it were
you guys right yes that was this
bullshit though Bridgette filmed me
playing with my wrestlers that was
embarrassing so in return I scared her
to tears with a Jason mask she cried
folks she cried again when I creepily
crawled up the Sun anyway I bolted that
he flipped it like I was I was like
thinking in my head oh yeah you talk so
much I don't know why that annoyed me so
much I got to be honest Bridgette
empowers you talk a little fucking more
than me
what got mannose make in the middle of a
point I'm sorry fix lemon shit on over
there like she's home oh I thought so I
forget it do we gotta argue every intro
well don't start shit with me pause this
video watch yes raise you might not have
seen it cuz it went up super late hey
welcome back they paused it they're back
now let's get this blog started bridges
out of it style forget it you want to
act rude right this one would you one
more time what word did you call me I
got your bitch she's it again
alright it's not recording you want to
go in to apologize first I see it
recording it on there not recording at
all hey go and apologize for it it's not
recording why would you apologize you're
wrong oh okay I'm sorry
recording the whole time yeah you did I
knew I knew was recording it it's only
well I will walk away oh fuck this
I'm here to say and he says something
right here I don't know the words to the
song but a thing my shorts are falling
it will be me never even with the fire
ah on the scar you show us how we got
this far
fuck this shit shit fuck
she fucking work your name over you
taking you oh yeah we're gonna stop yes
I am oh let's just work
you were not you want I won for Michael
Charlie you're just so cute it's so hard
to use that thing I couldn't teach you
it's so freaking easier he's like one to
buck me off with him riding a bull dude
yeah real funny
oh my so you got me singing yeah and
then fitting oh you got my from my belt
off yeah so Millie a ting oh it's
alright
dammit do we have water yes I'd like
some water please
I don't believe we have water we do I
don't want out the fridge you want a
bottle
we got no bottles what is this why I was
a war how about have a cold gallon
there's no cold gallons
I guess fridge water it has to be hello
yes how's the taste pretty calling
delicious it just came from a bottle
that it tastes a you huh
I bet tastes the same or better how
would you know this came from a bottle
no it didn't yes it did give my fridge
what yeah that's fridge water it's good
huh its water
hey fuck is this supposed to taste like
hey
but the freaking tape or I'm gonna just
swallowed Oh Michael so a lot of people
have been asking me to take the roast
yourself challenge and uh you know
surprisingly I found it really easy to
write bad shit about myself it's like
what I'm about to rap to you guys in
just a second I wrote in two minutes
flat so like I must actually hate myself
so I don't know if I'm gonna do the
challenge I'm gonna leave that up to you
guys click like if you want to take the
roast or self challenge what I'm gonna
do right here this is extra stuff that I
wrote because when I found myself
writing I ended up writing like fucking
thousand bars about how much I hate
myself and this is just stuff that I was
a gay yourself I don't hit myself I
Hayami
beautiful no matter what they say don't
hate yourself I don't hate myself but
it's easier to write about all I do is
use the kind of shit people talk about
in the comments so this is all about
okay you got to basically take the idea
of the roaster yourself challenges you
make a rap song talking about how much
you hate yourself or just roasting
yourself completely and this is stuff
that I'm not if I do do it this is stuff
that's not going to be included so what
did you two guys to hear a little
preview what it kind of might be like if
I did roast myself so I'm gonna try to
do this in one take so check this out
okay here we go this is just one quick
little section that I delete it from the
actual stuff if I were to do it
check the thumb this is leftovers listen
to me pickle boy I'm only come and
speaking truth you're gonna get
destroyed and not by meat I mean by food
your fucking fat as hell your heart is
beating through the roof but you need to
stop to think about the shit that you
consume just take a look at you you're
always living what you did the day
before and maybe more will not even
watch your skin the fucking kid is sick
it's gross to watch the way you live and
even gross or watching as your bills and
a section shit what the fuck is wrong
dude is living like a dog he goes for
weeks on end without the bathroom a just
kickin off his hammering patches all he
ever does is play with dolls and goes to
sleep with shit inside his diapers he
will not take off oh my god what are you
trying to say what are you trying to
imply that I wear diapers ya know it's
roast yourself so you wear diapers no I
do not wear diapers
it's about roasting yourself people
think that I wear diapers so I'm saying
that I wear diapers for the roast okay
good guys is not with diapers my man
does not wear tight anyway that is a
little preview of some of the actual
shit that I wrote for the roaster
self-challenge I don't know if I'm gonna
record this I don't know if I'm gonna
this isn't what you'll hear it's totally
different shit it's like I won't I won't
tell you at all but I will I'll let you
hear part of it for instance this is
something that might be on the official
one why don't you go outside instead of
always staying in take the camera trust
me get a tan and makes a difference
instead you stay inside and get way
bigger and I mean your tits are rowing
like your subs and you I do not mean a
sandwich kid because my
good roast yourself if you guys want to
hear me roast myself click like and I'll
think about doing the roast yourself
challenge if you guys want to see it or
not I love you Michael
I love me too I love you so much I love
me so much - oh look so Michael it's
Felix oh my god ok I haven't seen Felix
and so long did I tell you last night
frickin last night I was using the
bathroom and fucking Felix shut the
bathroom door on me oh my god she does
all the time
she give a crap I'm alone my phone on
Twitter and they kill doesn't scare you
scare the crap out of me ah Felix man
you're up all kinds of mischief and shit
over there
alright you so is you're so cute give me
this water covering water we got to
drink it all so Michael
whenever you said I love me - yes
are you like conceited Orson I mean
you're gonna say some shit like this no
I'm not conceited
you don't love yourself now I'm sad
it is sad ray it's very sad Bridget she
don't love herself folks I don't
that's sad here okay I love me
I hate me I love me I love you and I
also love me food I couldn't be liking
me food shit
hey look Bridget I'm gonna buy it you
said it's a shampoo yeah join me Shampoo
yes Michael you still need shampoo nice
pale you still need to wash your head
you probably want to think about it like
dude they have it what
wait
yeah the case of you can see them done
America dear that is so funny
the America beer why does it say America
on the box
I don't know it should
I think this was the point
they can say America that's up I got
real excited I saw the Box on the side
they said America Saudi can why doesn't
the front say America Budweiser shame
shame no but you know it's really funny
though I bet every family in America on
July 4 is gonna buy that beer oh yeah
like you know all these other yeah these
manners we're not even sell beer that
day he's gonna be give it up fourth of
July but I've even thought about it like
America beer that's like really funny it
pours like my ass this America imagine
there was a beer my hand somebody
photoshopped beer and tweeted to me
America oh I already got the dr. Phil's
would you say dr. pepper you said dr.
Phil no I did it you did no come on said
you already got the doctor didn't I you
did no way little spring one I did find
out you're a liar we got the doctor
shells you said it
I did not they saw this replay just now
dude I did not just say dr. Phil look I
tell you what check the camera right now
why did you think we was called dr.
Phil's Michael I dr. pepper but somebody
somebody please Photoshop a dr. pepper
bottle just say dr. Phil send it to
Bridget on Twitter okay
believe it's virgin bacon pizza roll I
don't know no I'm same thing yeah I feel
like like it's made with like a cheap
bacon that I wouldn't like or fake bacon
like beykoz that she put on salad I like
that stuff
you like bacos yeah makers are good I
feel like it's real bacon
what bacos yeah no bacos don't taste
anything like real bacon really to me
they do they're like the soft things
Bakos are not solved Bakos or crunchy as
head quiet
Mako's look like red fruity pebbles well
what no uh Omega what is that red
crunchy stop bacos no way yes they look
like red fruity better okay so every
time I make a salad I always put the
soft bacon on like the little bits I
guess and then I add like crunchy red
stuff on top that's big double bacon it
are you serious go to the salads are you
kidding me is this it yes these are not
bakers oh my gosh I really honestly
thought those are baked out so wait a
minute you always add bait ghosts and
ease on yourself
yeah so usually double bacon yeah dude I
did I thought the little red specks were
like whoa like croutons like crunch up
curtains you like bacon flavor ha ha ha
bacon flavored yeah do you even had a
double bacon doll yourself
holy crap I've done it since I was a kid
then it's just truly crazy what's going
on you got I fucked up
Michael this is the outro okay that's a
genuine fuck up my apologies uh okay
messed up outro rewind what almost did
it again that's it that's gonna come be
it you guys that's right I'm going to
get rid of the Porky Pig on top that's
all folks
Oh
adding here thanks for watching you guys
pretty good day I had fun dude I've been
noticing something lately I've been
thinking you're like adorable with
everything you do well that's a problem
Bridget I don't get it like nothing I do
was adorable folks finally everything is
just so cute to me when you notice it I
guess I don't saying like oh that's so
cute it's creeping me out I don't like
it I'm not gonna oh she's walking away
cute it all now oh please look at me I'm
gonna get out of here thanks for
watching you guys had a pretty good day
spit a little bit of hate towards me and
you know none of it's true ban okay your
breasts things by the way I just got a
good whiff of it so anyway I'm gonna
give this saying that cuz I saw
something nice okay stop it I'm gonna
get out of here thanks for watching you
guys like subscribe favorite fun
everything Bridget west and remember to
follow us on the angry grandpa show so
this happens whoo that's not cool
three million I like eggs what yeah
smell like
you fuck with me you are crying right
now
well done what if this I was trying to
scare you guys
