what's going on you guys keep me on a
camera here but I see yeah right there
and today is was it Thursday so I did
the first part of the intro when I had
hair and then I went up cut my hair
Richard pranked me I did he wears
diapers guys ah Bridget pranked me it
makes me think okay you'll see in a few
minutes I'm just kidding yeah I was in
prison for a wink or something you
better not do it yeah I just rubbed my
eyes oh my don't wear diapers folks
she's stoned damn why are you so mean
you really fucking on edge are you on
your period why are you so mean I was
Sookie I gotta get this bitch some
chocolate oh Jesus Christ
where's my goddamn chocolate I don't
know the store with the mine all will
get in a minute and a diaper oh yeah
you're trying to flip it Bridget anyway
she pranked me upstairs by leaving a
diaper on the floor in the bathroom that
was pretty funny you guys gonna see that
just a minute along with me getting my
hair cut if you didn't see the video we
put up yesterday angry grandpa said
goodbye to mcjuggernuggets because he's
leaving YouTube and I'm gonna miss the
guy so if you haven't seen it check out
the link below anyway I was like to his
good Wednesday sorta
let's get this Thursday started haircut
style diaper style here goes the stuff
that happened in between oh do me a
favor please don't hurt me why would I
do that
you would every time
do we only yeah
they pay attention firstly looking at
the viewfinder
don't look at the viewfinder look at my
hey know what you're getting up cut the
wrong shit you fucking look in the
viewfinder may go I know what I'm doing
so far some good folks what's so funny
huh what's so funny I wasn't laughing oh
the hair up my nose you're so cute the
me like just cut your hair yes but I
want the hair liek that I like it VidCon
pick my house please god damn your hair
grows and Clegg shit British does not
want to do let's go fashions bill would
she's like let's get this shit over with
no I'm petting your hair I think I
finally learned how to do it
thank God so far yet Nick me one good oh
come on don't lie you did it on purpose
I think I'm gonna go get over here I
need to cut your hair you yelling at you
hear what I'm dealing with folks okay my
ear I'm sorry I didn't mean to write
when I give her a fucking calm oh shit
your eyebrow what hey I'm sorry
okay I promised I would be good on this
one
ah okay liar I'm giving her a compliment
you're doing good Bridget no Nicks and
then she just such making me like crazy
bullshit why I'm sorry yeah that's all
you're gonna do is tell him I wasn't
trying to hurt you I paused the video
and she says like yeah yeah yeah I
didn't mean to hurt you I lit her and
now I got it I'm sorry I don't accept
your any of your apologies please let me
do it no please no dude I know you look
if you can bear right now pause so I can
shake all this off cause I'm itchy shit
ready yeah yeah I think the camera cut
it what yeah I saw a lot of it though
thanks a lot Bridget maybe doing
slow-motion your other thing so my hair
is done and Bridget is trying to get to
do my beard I believe you don't know how
I do know you don't you should mean it's
pins that her skin it's gonna fucking
kill they look you thought
ah did you cut yourself
Oh Mars huh quit stereo I think you did
cut yourself you did shit
okay guys so this morning I thought
Michaels and diapers and I'm gonna prank
him what's up how's your leg hurt
feeling yeah that's that burn we have a
so gross
they mention to be message from without
being a bigger mess I know right you're
not as hairy though so made up that's a
fun so portable
I suppose to know oh my god are you okay
fuck that stuff okay yeah oh please
don't want to tell you about leaving
your diapers up here what what I take up
these new diapers up here read is your
building yeah
why do I can't see shit okay let's go
bring your diapers I told you not to
leave them up here what the hell is that
big
it's your diaper go on do you throw them
in the trash at least
you fucking bought diapers are you
serious fuck off with it get it fuck man
nice gross oh poor thing
yeah what the hell is funny about that
make you wear a diaper you do not tell
them you bought there's a joke oh my god
please tell me he doesn't kind of intro
you settles a joke no they're nice
honest dude these are your diapers I'm
gonna fucking flip well I don't know
tell you I mean I don't wear diapers
others pee then yeah yeah
what not funny anymore dude
that's a funny oh no oh my god no I
think they're stopping there get out
please say frak me please don't
okay really handle so do then do today
BAM I don't freaking know dude we gotta
finish the intro you mad at me about the
typers I was annoying dude I'm sorry
yeah I would need is the pants to where
I got the hair I gotta wear the same
sharp in the intro where's my fucking
pants oh Lord I got sneeze bananas
bananas bananas bananas but hey like
what look up
Oh God haha
seriously yeah take away my sneeze bitch
a whole pack of fucking diapers Ming's
Assurance budget got to help you right
now no more diapers no you took away my
sneeze please tell people a whip
okay I'm Michael I can't take a joke I
don't want people to think of wear
diapers you were doing it for like a
year now it has not been a year so you
do like an intro and everything it's
what everybody I don't wear frickin
diapers yes
no you wear them I'm just kidding yeah
okay I need clothes are you gonna help
me or not
we gotta finish the intro okay yeah so
what are you gonna do in there
so today bridge and I made a couple of
flat breads so new recipe were trying
out this right here is a rustic Brigitte
okay
which one is this Southwest style
chicken we're not keeping that this
right here is a Southwest stop I didn't
make any fucking fucker these are from
Walmart yeah and they are so freakin
good
I don't know I'm trying for the first
time I want to pretend to make flatbread
my god it looks fake as hell you really
want that on you no well I gotta see
something dude oh my gosh look at all of
it every time I shave my head this
happens oh my gosh yeah you know it I
should just look that bad this time it
was way worse like the last time you
shaved yeah we should put some Urbino on
Aveeno yeah oatmeal lotion oatmeal
lotion oatmeal lotion it's gonna see the
shit bugs are coming here to go oatmeal
lotion
well I feel bad for you it looks so much
more it doesn't hurt me though I know
but it just looks bad like you got mange
or something so I cut my hair and now
this has happened and it's embarrassing
so yeah in case you watch the vlog and
you see the stuff earlier when you see
patches of rattle around a shape no it's
cuz he got Mane's
okay maybe so okay so wear diapers I've
got me what else
there's kiddin no nose totalus diapers
mange hey what's wrong
um you said the bed shit in the bed
you're just kidding no no come on I'm
joking I want to come out with more
insults now let's get it all out there
but it is not true you don't have mange
II don't know
Bridget she wears diapers she has mange
she has a stench about her that I just
don't even wanna think about so egg okay
I do not smell like eggs people are
gonna believe that
it smells like eggs also if you didn't
see the vlog that I put up yesterday I
tricked my sister into making a prank
potato salad oh my god I was so funny
everybody go tweeter tell her you want
to see the freakin potatoes she recorded
it right now she's a I think her
daughter has like the last week of
school or something so she's a little
busy tell her to get this video up I
want to see it myself
I want to see how this frickin potatoes
how it turned out oh my gosh it sounded
that recipe was epic yeah it's not a
disgusting oh my god okay I'm sitting
here freaking editing this vlog look at
this Bridget okay guys so this morning I
bought Michael some diapers I'm gonna
prank him what okay the implication
there is you just bought me diapers
there is no I bought my prank I bought
diapers so I could make my make people
think Michael but you did you said you
bought me diapers that implies that they
are my diapers ah Bridget I'm serious oh
my god this shit no I don't worry
clarified it no I bought Michael diapers
this morning they're gonna think I wear
them now because of that
hahaha thanks Michael does not wear
diapers guys don't believe you you they
do bro I started the rumor I'm taking
the rumor bad they don't care they're
running with it if they think I wear
diapers
you don't worry diapers Oh any reason it
was so cute though you got I want an
apology for this one this one I wanted
both come on you've been way worse you
never apologized for my birthday
surprise party don't assume all the guys
still hold of Graeter's that man are you
soundless
horribly embarrassing I was so
humiliated sorry I thought everybody
said sorry have you seen this shit no be
juggernaut gets his back he's back I
think he was just ending the psycho
series not as YouTube oh shit that's
awesome I mean Brian mcjuggernuggets
and the video he like wakes up like like
lost his memory dude what do you like
fucking Doctor Who
like just like he dies and then comes
back and it dies and like what is this
dude you're fucking my head here man
that's awesome that's pretty cool
welcome back welcome back I'm a jetty
for life what I'm a juggie for life I
watch this now hey just a little one
how's your diaper what how's your diaper
diaper did you need help so what it's
not funny you really gotta cut this
diaper shit he needs help
maybe I didn't help you put you to take
throw where's the camera there is no
camera I got you some Finding Nemo baby
wipes Bridget that's fuckin enough I
don't wear diapers what are you doing
this what do you mean you're gonna make
people think on this ball that I wear
diapers
weakly I don't wanna use that prank at
all like we have to pray it's funny it's
not funny it is I don't think I wear
diapers now so did you throw that diaper
away from upstairs no I left it by the
bathtub Michael Oh wha what there's
freakin piss in it
you pissed in it no I don't wear diapers
neither do i what you pacing that
Piper know what you please go get that
diaper
no come on it can't be up there why
can't it cuz it's cursor Ronnie Bridget
did you piss on the diaper no no but you
did we're tied okay
where's the fucking camera I already
have the camera yeah right fucking no I
do it Bridget well that's gonna be it
for today you guys thanks for watching
huh wait I just gotta say something like
wasn't the Photoshop pictures no
eyebrows enough what come on like I
don't gotta actually save him right
she's shaving right brows off though oh
don't make me and to clear it up oh I
don't know Oscar I was clear enough
yesterday I'm not saying she shaves them
off at three million on my channel it's
the angry grandpa show Channel three
million it's only about a half million
away subscribe and I'll be honest your
folks I hope they don't go back God look
at your face I'm not serious I don't
want to freaking look at you with no
eyebrows you probably forgot me if they
don't grow bad thinking about it you
probably would I would not you promise
yes you freaking got magic markers so
anyway oh my gosh Michael three million
nine right oh thanks for watching you
guys
like subscribe favorite fall not
everything which it was and subscribe if
you wanted to look like this
Oh God
thank you're gonna taste the room I go
in over bullshit sold as hell yeah in
the forecast you so what
oh gosh you're sick how old
um I don't know I'm wearing a faded is a
little hard
