okay I put him on mute Kimberly just
called me because she wants dad's potato
salad recipe I'm fucking me potato salad
I don't know what's in potato salad I'm
gonna come up with a totally bullshit
recipe on the top I'm dude we should get
her to bake it oh my tardy recorder and
she makes it yes yes you got a pen yeah
okay I've got the I got the recipe okay
uh how much are you planning on making
eight people okay so you're gonna be
about a 10 pound bag of potatoes yes ten
pounds okay so the real directions is
ten pounds but Bridget's afraid that you
won't make it if it's only five pounds
hey maybe dad always overshot ex-member
he used to cook for the fire department
so do five pounds okay do five pounds so
I'll cut everything in half okay Bridget
if I fuck up here let me know because I
might save some of the right ones all
right okay so a five-pound bag of
potatoes russet also while they're
boiling you want to boil two dozen eggs
with it yeah two dozen one egg
yes what it says for does it yeah and
use a lot of eggs and that also you're
gonna have to uh you know peel the eggs
afterwards and you know cut it up and
should it's so good though chem no doubt
good dads potato salad is it's amazing
and that's why I'm trying to wait to
smell but my god I'm wondering if these
people are good okay so the the rest of
the stuff is all cold ingredients so so
after you do the two dozen eggs and peel
the stuff all that's left is a little
bit of work so two jars of mayonnaise
two jars of mayonnaise dukes do you have
Duke's ah
just mayonnaise to does so two jars of
mayonnaise one whole thing of mustard
don't worry it gets easier but it C this
is all cold um two jars of relish sweet
relish uh I can't read this says
brideship what what is that ketchup
oh yeah half cup ketchup come straight
from his mouth and it's so good Kim Kim
do you want okay
make your southern or your northern
style potato salad with cranberries and
twigs
dad southern and it's seriously
disgusting shit like very sick okay
exactly look an elk shit so now you want
to do real shit or you want to bitch
about it okay fucking okay ah half of a
teaspoon of sour cream okay so did you
get the half a teaspoon of sour cream
okay one thing of cream cheese uh one
8-ounce like a cream cheese and the it's
odd you have to actually bake it in the
oven in a frying pan for five minutes
yes when's the last time you made potato
salad dad yeah you add it right to the
mix of all the other stuff 450
uh one two okay two sticks of butter I
couldn't read the handwriting remember
this is all in half due to watch for
snakes it is so good though this is
gonna sound like the weirdest part
but according to dad this is what gives
it that kick
uh one cup of pancake mix no I'm
don't-don't-don't right pancake mix I
met cake mix like the you bake a cake
yeah don't do pancake yellow right yes
yellow pancake makes extra moist yes
it'll-it'll yeah it blends in II mean
cake mix on pancake yes now pancake mix
okay the last thing is just 1 tablespoon
of cinnamon yeah okay read me back the
directions wanna make sure you got
everything
okay I have to peel cut boil them in the
pot with then is two dozen eggs once the
eggs are done I peel them dry crush them
oh yeah all right so and then Cole I
mayonnaise by the way if the secret is
real quick you can't crush the eggs
while they're cold it got to be hot what
does that make a different something
about the texture yeah you do a cold it
creams what if you do it hot it chunks
oh dude it's so good though
1john mutters two jars of sweet relish a
half a cup of ketchup I have a piece of
sour cream one package of cream cheese
and a flying pan four minutes of eat out
of it
450 laughs but it's gonna that's gonna
be the selling point till six water one
cup of picnic and one tablespoon of
cinnamon that's it and then after after
you mix it all together and then put it
in the microwave for five minutes my god
are you doing look more wrestling toys
Oh
ah oh you're so cute
went to Walmart and I came out with
whole bunch of toys oh and I got to Rika
talking tonight yeah I make tacos and
played more pressing
give me a brownie find my brownie is he
everything in the parking lot
are you rushing me no I was not chillin
this brownie and it's super good no oh
my god it looks like you're promoting a
it's a nasty shit brownie anyway
you made me stop leaning against the car
has anybody else noticed that Bridget
just filmed this whole time hey I put a
bag in there and you complain
yeah if assuming you were rushing me
oh you're amazing huh Oh oh my gosh okay
Oh Michaels got to wipe his ass I gotta
be getting this while holding all the
paper oh my gosh there were weapons so
right now I am making tacos I have my
meat ground up with some tomato sauce a
little bit of tomato paste a little bit
onion powder some seasoning salt paprika
and I'm going to add those taco bell
seasoning packs not totally homemade but
close halfway home so this mixture right
here is all homemade then I'm going to
wait so it's a little browner and then
I'll add the seasoning packets and we
got some taco meat folks doesn't really
taste like talked about at least a
package though maybe they will if I like
you know at if the stuff I added like I
know the smoked paprika smell you don't
taste like it by the way here we go
still cooking though I was way too
excited about taco meat there here we go
yeah Jarret a touch embarrassed
admittedly I was way too excited inside
I'm going here we go cooking up real
good I had a touch of flour not very
much but enough to help absorb all this
excess water that's in there I can see
the comments now you cause a water
because he doesn't wanna call it grieves
the xxxx Jusuf than that there's a
little bit of flour will help absorb it
up make it a fit pretty Oh all blurry
unbook unfought you bastard okay so I
just added some hammered of eating some
sour cream onto a fried pita bread
making sure lupa well you can't have any
of that girl some tomato which may be
old I don't know if these are ready yet
but you still eat them a little bit of
lettuce
where's the cheese right here some
cheese and but this I might add a little
bit of this and for this um I have a
liver to this Taco Bell bold sauce YUM
so she's a little big Georgia
awesome I got try it just gonna test it
he's been sitting here for a minute
but if I say his name watching give out
so what are we Clyde
he's Nick
he says he's seriously been sitting
there for five minutes so right now I'm
sitting you're watching Deadpool with
Bridget what do you think about as a bar
I think it's different it's funny yeah
it's not like a traditional superhero
movie that I've noticed I'm making a
cake yup what if you got you can't
really pick it up on the camera but you
got grease all the way down your chin
yeah luckily I don't think the camera
picked it up yeah you're a good now by
the way if you didn't see the Twitter
Q&A video we put up first things first
grandpa talked about mcjuggernuggets
which was I can't count how many times
somebody asked me what do we think about
me juggling I guess quitting YouTube it
was the question you guys wanted the
most
so we answered it and also it was a
question that asks what are we gonna do
for three million subscribers not save
off my eyebrows oh yeah
Bridget's gotta shave off her eyebrows
oh my god
no okay so let's have like if they don't
grow back well if they don't grow back
this is what bridge is gonna look like
okay Oh folks let's have a little fun
trick let's have a little bit of fun
take pictures of Bridget remove the
eyebrows and tweet them
we ask pictures of Bridget without
eyebrows oh my god that's what you get
to look forward to when we hit boo
about how about three million and two
million what does that mean two million
to mine on your channel no it's three
million what did I got to tell you
something Oh your shit I was wait
are you serious yes I don't you try what
please
what it like I gotta taste the reportin
just go
Timothy's broke actually yeah why are
you naked
I'm shell-shocked by oh stop I'm sorry I
just really needed the other thinks I
saw the full in Edith yeah okay you can
leave some salmon
so while we're warm our brush by some
sort of kinetic foam it looks so cool I
really want to like touch it and stuff
we're buddy touch it babe okay how we go
yeah I tell us you could touch the Spurs
yep
right now is going to decide to touch me
woah holy crap what's going on with this
dude looks so freakin messy I feel like
we should do this over this thing
whatever just looks like a piece of
smurf shit Oh Papa Smurf ate gum oh my
gosh is yeah I think you're supposed to
like build with it and like it gets hard
or something I mean I don't know let me
feel
oh I hate those this sucks
that's not the good stuff why'd you of
anything seriously the only point of
this product is to shape it into a day
oh really why don't we go fucking do
that with it whoa my stuff is so weird I
was only a day it even smells weird like
I don't even like the smell of it and I
like other goo smells you you think the
smell of goo yeah yeah sometimes smells
good like play-doh she here house
fucking yeah yeah I love goo hey you
know what what's Belle eating so I just
got off the phone with Kim and she's
pissed off at me home okay I was
rendering the vlog it okay the vlog was
already done but I had to stop him from
saving it's midnight because I had to
talk about this Kimberly made that
bullshit potato salad recipe I sent her
last night I don't know she was actually
gonna make it I filmed it yesterday I
don't know if I was gonna include it in
the vlog because she didn't make the
potato salad first she would have seen
in another vlog and no it was bullshit
she made the potato salad and she's
pissed off at me because I waste her I
totally made up the recipe she doesn't
want to answer me anymore I've been
trying to call her she does
want to talk now click like if you want
to see this potato salad I want to see
it oh my gosh I want to see it I want a
dress he was affair she filmed it I told
her to film it she ate some of the
potato salad so cream cheese in a frying
pan
did I say cream cheese in a frank man
yeah in the oven for five I remember
there was like two relishes Oh anyway
click like if you want to see the video
tell her tweet her tell her on Facebook
tell her in the comments I want to see
that potato salad video oh my gosh I did
too sounded discussing I bet her house
smelled like straight-up diarrhea
probably eggs and mayonnaise oh no dad I
won't think about it well that's gonna
be it for today you guys thanks for
watching gonna do a quick outro I didn't
even do an intro today because as you
can see the video started off with the
phone call with Kimberly because that
happened last night so click oh I don't
know what I was saying I'm so late that
I'm out of it click like if you want to
see the video where Kim made that the
sky I want to see I want to see it so
bad I'm definitely gonna hit like this
is where pull ah I just want to see if
it's as repulsive as I imagined did so
mmm we watch dozen eggs I'm changing the
subject now Oh get out of here
we watch Deadpool tonight we really
liked it oh my gosh we go Deadpool I
really did like it and I can wear the
shirt and feel proud congratulations
Kelly do my ultra now that was me and I
apologize I'm gonna get out of here
thanks watching you guys like subscribe
favorite following everything comes your
friend and that's it
I've got to save the ball dude I'm so
tired
tough shit stop stop screw oh yeah oh
yeah oh yeah oh yeah look at him
filling a job job
so don't got image of it you piss this
seems like some Oh moment on stuff at
the job so daddy's bad play that got
their game
this seems underlining are you really
pissed about this do I know just about
us
yes you do but I guess I am what are you
doing I'm just the camera back your
trapeze go out dishes need washing
the board is weaving anybody with your
wife no motherfucking ass I don't know
