what's going on you guys can't be had an
intro in the kitchen here just yeah we
were just sitting there thinking we're
like you know what I would give an
intern the kitchen done in join the
kitchen a long time right by this really
cute flower you got me yeah I love it so
much I keep trying to keep it alive it
starting to die though were you aware
that I was speaking were you aware that
I'm not done talking do your will you
wear that what speaking today is Tuesday
and today we're going over to Grandpa's
to do a QA I want to say that I want to
say it today we're good over to
grandpa's house to do a Twitter I can't
even talk anywhere you fucked it up for
me today were going to Krampus awesome
we're doing a little bit of QA it into
yesterday's vlog it started off with an
argument we were fighting I know but you
know what we made up some Sun we made up
it was fuck day Tuesday Oh poop mouth oh
yeah my vase okay anyway I don't know
what else to say anymore she screwed me
up the intro zone the intrud essentials
fucking over man see you guys at
grandpa's so right now there's a brand
new show on the USA Network called first
impressions and obviously I'm the guy
for it I don't know if you guys knew it
but I am a master impressionist he
really is I think this would be audition
yeah this is what it is so this is my
audition to the TV show first
impressions for the USA Network Bridget
I don't care who it is name anybody and
I'm going to impersonate them go Peter
Griffin Peter Griffin hey it's me Peter
Griffin I'm the dad and family huh oh
it's so fun away right now I do Ellen
okay gordon ramsay gordon ramsay the
fish is raw I'm Gordon Ramsay dude
Ramsay no it's me no oh my god anybody
else what time I'll turn my back okay
um-hmm
I think you should try to do fella our
dog Bella that she's whimpering right
now because she's afraid of whatever
we're doing out on the what all right
ruff it's me Bella
you bottles Bella woah that fell right
yeah I don't think right now I'm scared
okay with you why are you whining Bella
ruff ruff ruff ruff ah me Bella
number one impression anybody else keep
maybe I can do everybody okay um angry
grandpa you a girl Paul it's me and
Grandpa will break PlayStation 4 oh you
thought it was in the room sick anybody
else okay uh one anybody you want you
name it
cert from System of a Down
yes okay wake up grab a brush Wow hide
the scars to fade away the huh
oh it's no it's me why it's it's Michael
holy crap and just a little bonus M&M
you're slim I wrote chip what you saw in
Colin I left my cell my pager and home
phone at the bottle no it's me
what so everybody knows I'm joking now
your diet come on don't say what you
think you're really good at impression
okay that's a joke it's a joke thing I
don't do impression that good at them so
that was a joke for people who didn't
write you so that I was choking right
there they were all the same oh no I
really think you're good at it okay so
why do you think you're so good at it
come on with this dude I don't think I'm
good at it
yeah you do and I don't think I'm good
at it you're pretty good stop it people
are gonna think that I think was a good
impression
what'd you do shit so then I'm the worst
impressionist that bro
and I acknowledge that dude no no
they're great
stop this embarrassed now why cuz I suck
the shit no you tried and it was great
now I'm at to really trying precious and
they do suck all right Smee it's Mogan
now embarrass two games that suck I
tried stop filming dude seriously those
good no come on please humiliated come
on try um try Obama Obama yeah yeah mama
Bell was even fucking embarrassed for me
oh she's not trying it for us my name
see my name brocco Baba and I think did
that's good nail with you Bell I can't
do anything
Noah I did you the please stop so I can
show Baba my stimulus package ah she's
calling me Bella she doesn't let me
change my voice Oh Bo bait Barack Obama
Miz because she likes Hillary so you
guys no seriously I suck at impressions
I'm not trying to pretend like I do
don't look at me I don't do good
impressions oh I'm trying to lie to them
you're gonna think I think it no I don't
suck the worst ever you're offering me a
Laffy Taffy do you want them there
although the banana flavors thrown I
can't even vlog folks and I'm trying to
sit down and not clean well I'm sitting
here with Grandpa he is making some
dinner he's being super nice for I don't
know what reason I probably have an idea
what was her idea
Father's Day no benighted you my son
she's my favorite woody me Bernie baby
I'm your favorite of a favorite now I
said why would you do for Brigitte I
made her look what I made her man
I remember one time time she's like
cabbage cabbage I'm even prettier
legally I made a Bridget best friends
forever friends forever me buddy okay by
the way your nopales Day is coming up
yes I do
got about it I know somebody's gonna
chocolate cake I hate chocolate now some
of us
so right now dad's making nut meat some
for making me porkchop yeah I am they're
cooking quick do boy they're like
awesome
that's because dad got the little pork
chops he knows those are my favorite
yeah you light a little thing and then I
got just boom look at it look at it oh
yeah some cute pork chop I'm seeing the
fogged up open up and zoom in on
fluorine zooming into your pork chops
did you look at me yeah I hope Michael I
help you hang on
I hope you Michael why are you being so
nice nice
look at that man look at it wow they
look good for real yeah they really do
what oh my god okay oh my god yeah
they're falling apart on you Michael
mustard base oh oh my god they're like
literally falling apart man why are you
being so nice there oh I just I feel
like yeah her loving kind of me be
lately Wow I felt like it was kind well
I agree wars over what war the war's
over Michael where does that show say oh
I didn't know about that yeah
beware the old man in a land where men
die young yeah yep and problem is name
is Michael Ferguson yellow send me that
yeah but problem is the new vehicles you
can't put nothing in front of one are
you serious serious so you can't use it
I'll put all my car is so cool now I
miss you too mr. Bishop okay grandpa's
coming yeah
grandpa's coming wasyou laughing what
are you up to
he's not really gonna move like I'm
Johnny man y'all put me good which is
going y'all coming over I'm fine I'm
sorry I know but any other good we um we
guess I'm Adam Bridget let's think what
oh damn
I mean I really love macaroni and cheese
we did have that I'm sorry I should have
made you Tom so she doesn't have it I
can make some real quick it being a balk
forget it I'm so sorry there's any time
I'll have it I'm getting tired of that
what's going on why you eat so nice next
time you come I'll have you mac and
cheese bread I promise you my best
friend Bear sorry you even he don't like
saying this he he fucking feels dirty
look he's rubbing his leg I'm proud to
have gone by Ken man I'm lucky man yeah
picks up his foot
what are you doing you'd call burning my
night why I just like too much Oh what
dude I don't like you having such sharp
knives
I do not like this dad
I'll give you here show me the night for
a thumbnail I can't see it hold it like
this dude this is just dangerous I want
to see how tender these freakin barbecue
pork chops are freaking cutting that
shit with a plastic fork mmm good Brad
pork chop your mail you gotta cook with
my data entry I'll give you any time
Michael you just tell me when you want
it what you want I do it you may get
tired of this actor imagine man I'd be a
serious man why can't I be good at my
son for trained sincere grandpa I don't
know because it just feels oh hey
Michael bottom line what go by ma boo
you you and your heat you know that hold
on have a snicker you know yourself and
you're hungry you're obviously not being
yourself have a snicker he turned a
little bit dance ah dude oh please
the second we left you in a bit of that
bitch again he's trying to quit and get
something whatever it is you ain't
getting it I'm gonna we're gonna get
nothing oh my mother be home father dick
why oh you know here for Father's Day
going fishing
well we're gonna leave in a minute dad
wants us out we just filmed the Twitter
Q&A that's going up tomorrow
that was a good video dad yeah thank you
oh yeah it's just some questions
truthfully couple them you came from the
heart come up and get downright stupid
yeah there was some stupid questions in
there yeah almost threw Charlie out
there yeah that was crazy
you did not like that game not at all no
I know game water is so fun now
yeah good little peg whoa cheese day if
you can't like
you have no like we have a live in a
real world yeah but you played gta4 you
having fun
what happened I grew up okay well good
Q&A video dad you did good kid and I
don't wear diapers
we don't yeah you do no I don't change
your diaper this onion you guys thanks
Nelson okay
I can't live like this I can't live like
this I knew what diapers I know you do
our diaper almost are saying you do if
you don't say I don't but you doing I
don't I bet I bet I bet fucking I rode
yoga pants you better share your pants
to wear diaper yeah I don't wear I do
either
laughing ah I'm filming this is really
bothering them yeah I don't fucking like
this type of shit you I don't wear a
diaper yeah you did fit here we go again
mmm can you type again mmm gotta get
depends on mmm I'll wipe it that's my
life you don't doesn't wear died thank
you
he does work oh poor baby Michael stop
this
how much make you wash your diving in a
motherfucking Colin no sure your
underwear in the toilet yeah man yeah I
shit my pants when I was a kid got new
roof done a mile you move down you shit
in your pants and B Ian and it fell out
oh no it wasn't really huge when go to
bathroom yeah sure yeah shit fell out
some slim how old are you twelve
thirteen my god you did good yeah it was
just from staring at me for like a
minute now hey Bill
unless she doesn't have to go outside
she was just out
she's just being like sweet
I'll turn the camera way for her for a
second she gets up because you don't
film Clyde oh all right Wow yes uh-huh
a little bit of attention she goes crazy
but the biggest thing is when they they
start getting attention they want to
fight each other and I can't stop that
lazy come here buddy no you guys miss us
at grandpa's oh shit can I have this
fella
the face of pure evil smile bill I'll
take no okay he go caught here as yours
all right oh oh well that's gonna be it
for today guys thanks for watching
went over to Grandpa's house and I did
the Twitter Q&A one of the questions
that we answered is the question you
guys sent us a thousand times as what
does grandpa think about mcjuggernuggets
ending his YouTube channel I asked them
it's the last question on the video
tomorrow hope you guys check it out it's
a good video man it's got everything
oh my gosh it was so funny it was you
couple those questions anyway basketball
I gotta change your diaper come on
enough of the diaper shit I'm gonna get
out of here thanks watching because I
don't wear diapers though they're gonna
believe this
no I don't getting she wears diapers yes
sir
bridge wars diverse Oaks no stop
thank you camera for overheating and now
I got to cut the outro short I gotta get
out of here thanks for watching you guys
like subscribe favorite following
everything
in vigil ice and then unfollow her from
everything no follow me though that's it
oh you guys I love you more I love you
guys more I love you more no way I love
you
not now stop it that's me me no me just
say it
oh yeah any more it's all better cricket
oh my Cindy Syd just ran pretty shitty
camera it is
I'm sure no come on bro all right no I'm
good Wow
a winged chocolate frog ah actual candy
