oh no no
you don't eat in the blog right stop I
was touching invisible glasses just now
you see that oh my god that's how you
know you touch your glasses too much cut
all this out but you know clear up
you're like fascinated with yourself
okay Bridget okay
I know you're gonna keep it are you
fascinated with yourself let's just
start because that's the Mentalist show
I might ask someone who's like
narcissism and I don't have it what's
going on you guys you don't know what
you're talking about right there this
Friday
it's Thursday oh Jesus we're not talking
about a throwback Thursday story Oh guys
today is Thursday and today we are doing
a throwback Thursday story that you
asked for yesterday grandpas disgusting
gray meat look oh my god oh this is so
nice this meatloaf was some special kind
of disgusting it was horrifying we're
gonna get into that later although it
was delicious I don't want to do this so
grey I don't think the parasites are
cooked out of it guys today is Thursday
today's throwback Thursday and today
we're going to Best Buy to get a Delgado
so we can live stream video games yes
super late super excited let's go do
this we're going to Best Buy in just a
second but before we do I want to take a
second to talk about Jennifer something
kind of serious I don't want to brush on
it too much we're gonna talk more
in-depth tomorrow about it right now
Jennifer's actually at the hospital and
she's getting a bunch of tests done and
I don't want to have a negative outlook
so Jennifer I hope everything works out
we're gonna talk more about that
tomorrow I just want you guys to keep
Jennifer and your thoughts and you know
your prayers and just show her some
support on Twitter guys we're gonna talk
about this tomorrow hopefully
everything's okay guys we're going to
Best Buy I'm gonna try to clear my head
a little bit today
let's go to Best Buy let's get this
Delgado and then let's talk about
grandpa's gray meatloaf okay I made a
mistake it's actually called the elgato
okay
a few mil the eight of myself Michael
hurry up they came here for a capture
card up and now I'm looking at a 75 inch
4k TV Michael just New Orleans is it
that's what I need I need a 75 inch oh
me too
just kidding that was a bad joke
Oh Michael let's go get that capture
card actually also give it to you we
have to start gaming I don't want to
look at TV is this no is this big enough
oh my gosh who even cares let's go get a
capture card we live in a world of
wireless bleep really
I finished let me try something we live
in a world of wireless Bluetooth
technology and this is what I need for
my TV okay you're a that was pretty
funny it's okay you want to hear a good
sound but can you imagine a world that
we live in where you live stream it game
tonight tonight is too soon I'm not
ready no one is it I'm not ready we were
officially what okay hey Blu ray are you
pay attention you don't look at me you
just made a huge deal about me look at
the TV
what Cinderella you have all these I do
not have Bambi or Beauty and the Beast
on blu-ray Bridget we have to go for the
capture card you mean a big deal go get
it go look at the screen okay okay
no you don't have to be sorry guys I
don't know if you know this about me but
I really love collecting I really love
collecting dinner jeez
can I not do this seriously oh my god
hey sir
dude this is insane
oh my god there's still a market for
these do to say walking into a
blockbuster like seriously where's the
VCRs in the storm
nobody dude whoa we'd be able to give us
a display to show us that John Smith is
calling hello I'm on my phone my house
no it's funny
he's out Bridget you can't even come up
oh yeah cause anyone they're so friendly
oh we got a glue we got to glue the
receivers down to these bases because
everybody's in the habit of stealing out
folks over this one I got it Oh Mike I
do want to be honest about something
okay what this is a little bit of ASMR
that I actually do like check this out
he closed the sound of a phone or a
receiver oh my god I like that it's so
soothing like ASMR I just how like a
happy feeling
hello I'm gonna phone guys you can't
coughing I'm trying to a small sorry Oh
guys what do you think I got a future no
not with ASMR you try it I don't like
your voice all right guys we're back
home I don't know if you saw our new dog
hey buddy
dude I want this dog I want you what's
your name
who's your owner where do I find them
come on with the one right now you're on
the spot boy biscuit yeah anytime I come
up with a fake dog name I was called
biscuit yeah biscuit okay how about John
no time bulldog how about cloud even
best buy right now you guys got all the
stuff that we need for streaming we got
the elk I know I got a new keyboard got
it all I am so freakin excited you sound
I'll be I'll be on she's not excited I'm
beyond excited beyond thrilled super
excited guys we're going home we're
gonna install it but first I think we're
eating I'm pretty sure we probably see
it like a sub or something doesn't hurt
I don't know how you live streamers do
it I really truthfully don't know how
you do it guys I am home I've been
working all night on this gaming setup I
got the ps4 hooked up to the gaming
monitor and this happens every time I go
to watch a clip that I saved on the
elgato it crashes I can't watch my own
streams that I save this just gets
stupid I'm getting really mad I'm
getting really frustrated I don't know
why I can't why doesn't it just what
time to calm myself down you guys were
getting really frustrated in that room I
want to tell a throwback story does just
calm my nerves a little bit and the
story that I want to tell is the one
that we hinted and yesterday's vlog I'm
so excited to tell this what is the
story Bridget very neat guys if you're
wondering what we meant when we said we
ate gray gray meat I'm not sleepy the
meat was brave okay and brown is black
the blood was black guys it was
disgusting I want to tell you the story
was a long time not a long time but it
was like a year ago guys I was that
grandpa's house and he invited us to a
cookout we probably logged in I don't
even remember at this point and he was
like my I got a break your hand with a
meter on the counter I want you to patty
into burgers to cook cook it on the
grill my god a dime on the
and I go in the kitchen and I see the
bag of meat on the counter
how disgusting level one two ten twelve
guys it was a bag of gray meat okay
sitting on the Sun for like three days
dude it looks like roadkill okay and
Luke he grounded himself and left it in
the Sun it was grey the blood at the
bottom of the bag was black it stunk I
was like oh you probably have parasites
right now over it oh yeah I breathed in
parasites and they are in my body right
now that's why my butt itches guys okay
deal with it it was disgusting yes
seriously
only at night me and Bridget had no
intentions of eating that grey meat okay
it was disgusting no sir so I go to the
store and I buy frozen hamburger patties
and I come back and I'm like hey Dad
goddamn burger patties and he was so
offended Oh since when did you turn your
nose that the great meat since I saw
great meat flesh dad I love you okay if
I didn't see the bag of meat I would
have eaten it I would have loved that
cheeseburger but I saw it I don't know
I'm just kind of like a pink meat person
I'm kind of uh I don't want to get sick
person and if I see a bag of zombie
flesh ground into hamburger patties I'm
probably not gonna eat it I'll be honest
but yeah like it was disgusting yeah so
we got frozen burger patties all was
well we cooked him it was over with or
so we thought the next day I woke up the
birds were chirping it was a wonderful
day and dad called me on the phone and
he said hey buddy watch come over for
dinner tonight
I'm making meatloaf and I was like yeah
bro I love ya so we walked over to
grandpa's house we hate me hope it was
delicious we're like man that's some of
the best meatloaf I ever have
I hold up there days dude Bridgette made
a meatloaf sandwich choose eight men
mashed potato she loved it and later on
that night we're going to bed were
laying down like man that meatloaf was
so good and the bridge she goes I was
like what I didn't know what was going
on thought you saw something and this is
what she's had that was the meat the
gray meat and fear overcame me I was
like we started to feel sick the room
started spinning so I called dad I was
like yo dad could you tell me what that
meat was today and the meatloaf had to
meet other than the head making the
burgers oh it was the oldest meat that
you could consume it was disgusting
and I still got ones from it I'm sure I
have one still why what I've seen worms
where your butt my butt
and that's the story of the gray meat
grandpa had to be make them into burger
patties I wouldn't so the next day he
made it into a meatloaf and you can bet
your ass he didn't refreeze it everybody
sat on my counter all night and got grey
oh god it was really black by the time
he made it dude it already look like
cream of mushroom soup with chunks of
meat in it disgusting dad you fed us
great meat and I won't turn my nose up
to it if I don't know about it Oh
zero percent complete still smoking
thanks a lot I was able to capture a
couple of clips you guys okay but I'm
still angry I can't get it to work and I
keep dying check this out
your chest it's mine no it's mine
now there's rioting there was looting
it's like Walmart on the day after
Thanksgiving TVs just went on sale what
up
knows why I do like Gordon Ramsay on
steroids oh no no I'm done you guys I'm
gonna figure it out just not tonight
because the pop oh okay I need a
breather that was too far I apologize
this is what it does to me you guys okay
this is why you don't want to see me
live sweet video games because I freaked
out
games are life they're serious okay
outro time hope yeah well that's gonna
be it for today you guys thanks for
watching
had a really good day it's been a pretty
good day I marry frustrating day I threw
a drink I'm angry I'm really sorry I'm
gonna try to do better yeah throw a
drink
we're in the foyer what do you think
Bella's been licking this whole time I'm
sorry Bridget it defeated me okay the
elgato the streaming everything defeated
me and I gave up don't give up
damn bridge it's like a motivational
speaker all of a sudden like Shia
LaBeouf just alright okay I will never
get up John Cena guys getting out of
here
okay you sound drunk guys we're getting
out of here thanks for watching like
subscribe favorite everything to us I
guess what's for dinner tomorrow night
what gray meat right under steady
you
