what's going on you guys get behind a
camera here and this is not the official
intro yeah this is not the official
intro we're doing the intro in just a
second you guys before we do I wanted to
take a moment at the very beginning of
the vlog to tell you guys about a brand
new shirt that we just launched on the
angry grandpa store you know if you
haven't seen it it is the gun but not
forgotten angry grandpa sure guys this
thing is only gonna be available for a
limited at a time and limited amount of
quantity so guys if you want the shirt
go check it out the link is below it
stops going on sale on February the 11th
and then it's gone we're never bringing
it back you guys we just wanted to do a
one-time shirt for the true youngins
that want to you know show their support
to Grandpa and say rest in peace and to
honor him guys it is the gone but not
forgotten shirt go check it out the link
is below
I missed that every day I used to think
you know that this day would never come
and here it is and now I got to put up a
shirt that says rest in peace and I
don't like it but that's where we are
dad I love you I miss you I hope you
love the shirt guys let's do this intro
we got some bad news
what's going on you guys give me out a
camera here right now and today is
Friday and today we got some bad news
we're gonna talk about that in the next
scene you guys I hate bringing bad news
I hate when like bad things are
happening because then it's like okay
guys strap yourself in more horrible
stuff is coming and hopefully it's not
hopefully more horrible stuff is not
coming I know hopefully it's nothing
guys but we're gonna talk about that
just a second but today is Friday and I
gotta let you guys know ahead of time
today I just didn't have the time to go
see Tina we have so much going on you
know I can't talk about everything but
we got so much that's happening right
now that I couldn't go see Tina but it's
coming Tina don't get too comfortable
okay cuz I'm coming yeah Tina don't get
too comfortable we just have things to
do that's more important than you don't
insult her come on I can't insult really
okay yeah I'm sorry about that okay
I know actually we're not sorry about
that we have way more important things
by getting a no trespassing sign in case
you try to show up unannounced I may not
have that but uh that would be a
trespassing like situation that's a good
idea we should totally do that for like
everyone who shows up we're doing a guys
no trespassing T you just ain't allowed
guys today is Friday we got some bad
news it is time for the bad news you
guys I want to get right into it in the
very beginning it's like pulling off a
band-aid as you guys know a couple of
times now I think three times now Bella
has been checked for cancer and twice it
was cancer and unfortunately that's
happening again with Clyde so as you can
see right here you guys we found this
bump who Clyde's
elbow and if I touch it there is a lump
and we took him to the vet and they
looked at it and today they are going to
let us know if it's cancer or not you
know they took some samples of it last
time they took
some blood they checked it out and
there's a chance that poor Clyde can
have cancer and I hate that for you
buddy
I really do I hate it I love you so much
and I hate you have to go there's such
horrible stuff you guys have such bad
like problems it's probably the dude
with the breeding process of a bulldog
but we don't love him any less and it's
sad that he has to go through it
so unfortunately Clyde may have cancer
now I'm staying positive I don't think
that he asked okay I'm trying to stay
positive maybe it's just an infection
maybe it's nothing at all but they got a
check and with what's happened to Bella
now three times hopefully Clyde isn't
going through you guys we're going to
the vet cross your fingers stay positive
Clyde sorry you got to go through it
buddy I'm sorry that you know Bulldogs
have such bad problems and it stops but
we love you you did we'll make the jump
yeah yeah Jess is that game
fingers crossed everybody no just
sitting here guys on the way to the vet
hoping for good news for Clyde hoping
that we got a positive outcome here cuz
I don't want Clyde to have to go through
what bellowing through
I know
I know you're scared cause he's not
scared I just said he's scared he has no
idea what's going on I know you're
scared buddy and he's just like we're in
a bumpy movement I don't really know
what's gonna happen today you guys you
know like I said earlier he went got the
test last week and we would you know
we've been waiting for the results
that's what we're going there for
hopefully they like a it's nothing and
all they can change and hopefully
they're not like yet we need to set a
surgery day hopefully it's nothing like
that
I think it'll be fine I hope what do you
think
um I mean bulldozers are prone to it
yeah but also he was on a medication not
apparently long term use cause tumors so
great it's probably don't say that just
stay optimistic beyond what I've called
now please don't go back there come on
out if you can open the hatch oh my god
I got put sleep Oh Clyde I don't know if
you can open them or no ahead hi
come here buddy oh he's sliding around
come everybody please oh jeez right
Clyde thank you thank guys it go right I
heard you you just look at that window
Clyde and don't think about anything
like yeah the later two tumors okay you
good
come on Clyde please don't pee on any
cars okay not any cars
come on serious you he pees on cars and
things not her ether he pees on people a
job he doesn't really
okay you can pee on that and he he
listened let's film over there okay he's
still going by the way folks okay let's
not film it because there's a lot fight
nice job Oh Michael no no mister $100
fees what those are $100 apiece these
yes my god my god camera here - they
counted this thing yes this fact
Oh No what are you charge for $9 for
treats what's in those like only the
best meat and vegetable they should not
just leave this sitting there like and
I'll fight back I didn't believe it
really cuz it certainly seems like it
take it up no please take it up I'll
edit this one no yes you're gonna have
to because it's a collage vlog Oh God
he wants more I'll give another love
it's nothin else Peas
oh my god no but for real they're 150
apiece you're joking no I'm not they're
healing trees no Michael I'm kidding
they're for you gosh
I didn't go if we wanted I know right I
mean I kind of expected it though I'm
not surprised
these he's gonna be all right where did
these dogs catch a break we can't eat
that I know right it's crazy you open
the door please
sorry guys
hello
you could call it he's good all right
he's gonna be all right so came back
positive so now we got to come back for
a surgery date
you know when are we gonna catch a break
guys I don't know hopefully soon we can
catch a break
I mean we're gonna come here this week
to send a surgery day for Clyde
for some reason I guess garbage pickup
also happens on a busy road so yeah
we've been stuck behind this garbage
truck you guys for I don't know 20
minutes you keep stopping every five
feet to pick up trash I'm gonna fall
asleep
what are you serious
follow you Bridget wake up
Hey I'm getting out of the car dude
stuff not funny I mean I'm very tired
I'm not gonna lie
but I think I'm gonna make it look at me
look at me look at me okay I'm getting
on the car not joking funny are you guys
we were gonna let Clyde out not on a
leash oh he's already ready buddy
oh I'm a lets out okay he's pushing the
door open oh my god let me help you out
okay don't just jump okay okay he's out
Clyde all right come on buddy bye come
on we get scared guys just Clyde could
be a runner and he's gone come on boy
all right
he did it are you guys that was like
gambling my Adrenaline's going whoo that
was intense
we're home I cover the lens actually oh
just got a package and I wanted to take
a second to show it you know there was
no note so I don't know who sent this so
whoever did thank you so much you know
last week somebody had sent me I think
about dad and I appreciated it and I
loved it
well somebody just sent another one Wow
Wow
look at that I love it right now I'm
just gonna sit it anywhere really man
thank you guys for sending these things
to me baby they really did mean a lot
like well I really do love it it thank
you so much whoever sent that maybe I'll
set it next to the
earn or you know I'll find somewhere to
put it but I am gonna keep it thank you
so much whoever sent that I wish there
was a good gift receipt so I could thank
you by name but seriously thank you it
means a lot to me I'll treasure it miss
dad I do gotta talk about one more thing
we're almost getting out of here you
guys in just a second but before we do I
wanted to just update everybody on
what's been happening like number one I
don't know if I'm gonna be able to go to
Tina's house this week you know there's
a whole lot of stuff I can't talk about
everything but I will in the future I
will tell you guys about everything but
I can't talk about it all right now but
you know I got PFE flying out here
tomorrow for a music video I've got you
know I can't talk about everything
there's a lot of business stuff going on
you guys but I am gonna be getting out
of there
maybe next but it's gonna be at least
next week I just don't know if I'm gonna
get there before this weekend so I
didn't want to like lead you guys on you
know we just found out the stuff with
Clyde so next week we're gonna be having
to get surgery for him and I also need
to work up the nerve because Tina is
certifiably insane
okay she knows it she's proud of it she
thinks this plea guys I gotta build up
the courage that's number one number two
a whole lot of business stuff going on
number three we got the stuff with Clyde
and number four I'm just scared to do it
I'll be honest that's the other thing
you know it's very scary she's crazy and
I need to know if you guys even want me
to do it still so guys smack the like
button if you want me to go too if you
want me to go confront Tina if you do
chaos will ensue but you know like
that's the most I could tell you is you
know fireworks are gonna go off but the
purpose will be not that you'll not you
know not just to let her yell in my face
for a while but to also send her down
and we talked and we hashed through
everything that went wrong because
that's what ultimately does need to
happen you know I'd like to get on
applet you don't want to
of you know respect with Tina that we
could at least be civil to one another
even if she doesn't like me even if I
don't like her so ultimately you know
I'll let her yell in my face I'll let
her scream I'll let her say what she
wants to say and then we're gonna have
to have a real conversation because
that's what it's all about talking about
and digging up these unresolved issues
that we haven't been able to get past
yet apologizing to one another she owes
me an apology she does
Tina you owe me an apology if you watch
this you owe me one she said in her
video that I over like a chocolate cake
and apologize I don't think I owe you
anything but if you can explain it to me
in our conversation why I do I'll do it
guys getting out of here in just a
second Clyde I'm really sorry that this
has to happen to you guys
let's get out of here outro time alright
don't cry
guys Clyde I'm really sorry let's do
this outro you look how comfortable you
are dude you know oh my gosh you know
that Twitter
what the f fax yes um they said that cat
sleeps 75% of their lives what yeah
families oh we gotta do more things with
you can do B sleeps 75%
yes 75% of their entire lives they sleep
okay and I was thinking maybe that's why
they live so long yeah but does it
matter of 75% of it you're sick you feel
like spending in a sleep I know right
the other 25% he's eating cat food and
like puking on McAlary and then they'll
being like in it who's here I don't know
if someone supposed to come over No
it's a really loud knock a Lucille get
Lucille
what if it's Tina it sounds like her
knock he hasn't knocked yeah it's very
loud and manly okay they want something
grab Lucille now yes
