so we're just going to be doing the
intro with the TV blaring like this Wow
and you wonder why I was such a fish
today the mute the TV oh god why are you
being such a bitch today
cheese dude now get over here here in my
area
alright you little bitch just simmer
here please okay paint on a smile what's
going on you that's funny
fuck off dude what is so funny so now
you'll apologize hey not a smile baby
this is all recording on keeping it all
in the ball okay kissing me and father
you want to do an intro on a trap you're
pissing me up you're doing it on purpose
dude all right
fuck well that why'd you do that I just
remembered I freaked I forgot k-cups
oh no life's over life's over
shut up Edea
what's going on you guys hey what's
going on you guys kick me out of camera
here for us - yeah right there and today
is Monday finish the intro and today
it's raining and they can I not talk at
all my own I would make sarcastic okay
oh you'll walk away I need you right
here I can't keep any of this all right
here yeah what's going on you guys
Kibby I was being more too demanding
there and I apologize what's going on
you guys
haha fuck it I'm gonna keep it all then
I can't do any timekeeping every second
of this
what yeah fuck this let's get the Monday
started but do I see ya
I'm keeping it all you saw the
dysfunction that is awesome I'm okay I'm
through there cuz there's the outro I
can't this is the worst inch we've ever
done thank you they can pause it and
then follow me real quick to stop it
yeah yeah we have to do are we not doing
an attorney yes we are
what's going on you guys get beyond a
camera here bitch of us - yeah right
there and today is Monday and today
Bridget's out of the intros from here on
out bye
it is good miserable weather all
freaking day I know you know we didn't
record but we've got a big-ass fight
yeah image were arguing for a while it's
just something about just walking out in
the rain and my feet are wet and it just
just being a bitch for no reason like
seriously we were out today and all I
was able to film was this so Michaels
put it on you oh my gos putting on
deodorant in the rain nope
oh my god you think broke off on me
you're gonna show the camera filming
this yeah I was putting on the owner
extinct then baby ed look bigger larger
car the camera up that's the only scene
I was able to film because not long
after that bridges just being a bitch
you know why you're being a pickle bit
what was I doing
you were being a bitch - I don't think
you like the rain either at one point I
was taking the cam back to her quarters
like fucking I'm not hiding from the
vloggers although the freaking viewers
I'm gonna put it on nah
now that was me and you were like no no
you liar you did not want me to record
I'm just thinking about recording it cuz
I always tried to record her fights but
that was you without me you like
grab a camera out of my hands you know
film me bitch yes you're not supposed to
film back on shit you'll flip that on me
you don't film that kind of close to me
back uh are we gonna fight again are we
like I still don't gather why you were
so mad why don't you just take your
shirt back bitch what it's funny why you
why were we fighting oh I don't even
remember dude I don't know I just think
we're both in like a crappy movie no you
want a crappy mood like it was like I
just wanna go home I changed my pants
twice today that's cuz you shit in them
ha ha no no are you shitting your pants
it's because I was out like twice and I
don't freakin do out anything else well
you took it out on me so we got into a
big argument today my god I gotta take
another shower cuz my hair looks gray
see and it's not like damn I gotta take
a shower everything yes we're just I do
my my show yeah mine was your luster I
got to be honest wasn't it recent
no my birthday so Bridgette doesn't
really shower him no before before you
took this yes what she's a shower it was
like - enough man I don't care anymore
no man we're gonna vlog of what cuz I
don't like what are we talking about
anymore I want to talk about the weather
you're gonna talk about the fight I and
we got to get dad another phone and we
have to go over dad's house tomorrow to
do Twitter yeah if it's raining I don't
care I'm get his ass over here we're
doing Twitter Q&A and Grandpa's dining
room Twitter Q&A don't piss me off
frigate I just see you ready to go in
you're not gonna do nothing I'm sick of
the damn rain now unless we have a
thunderstorm which we are not it's
annoying
shitty wet rain we don't have a
thunderstorm but I'm standing in front
of a Thunder cunt
okay yeah yeah well you're pickled cunt
I didn't work whatever anymore whatever
so I know if you guys would follow me on
twitter if you haven't come on Bridget
was no pickle boy right there
no it's not don't say another word if
you guys haven't been following me on
Twitter you would see that I am going to
UFC 200 which is in Las Vegas this July
mostly going to VidCon if you guys don't
know I'm actually going to VidCon in a
few weeks if you guys going to show up
at VidCon come say what's up I'm gonna
be out there I was gonna say with
mcjuggernuggets but I don't know right
now because he uploaded that video today
I don't know if Mick Jagger does going
to VidCon anymore but I'll be a VidCon
to see you guys check it out but I'm
also going to UFC 200 in Las Vegas this
July and if you want to know why check
out the link below it's also pop it up
on the screen here I don't know which
side so it's gonna pop up which whoa
okay that's the wrong side then whoa
whichever side that was is a video
popping up Brock lesner
is returning to the UFC check out the
video it is Paul Heyman - Brock Lesnar
it's fucking awesome dude check it out
my god what is that on your forehead
what may I receive him a few days it put
me from wearing hats it was kind of
looks like a tan but it's well come on
it's weird filth yeah from what though
I'm bathed yeah like on the second so it
was there before then so you got the
hospital don't are you so nervous
surgeon you scare me with this shit
Michael I don't freaking know Titov your
stud just stop trying to scare me with a
shit dude it's nothing it's nothing is
nothing it's nothing Michael I'm just as
bad as you I don't know
now that was in the comments gonna come
up with cancer and stuff it's not cancer
anyway I'm moving on the other day when
I was up when I was unwrapping presents
Bridget's mom sent me a birthday present
and and it was all kinds of weird shit
bugs and all kinds of weird shit and
Briggs just reminded me that I didn't
use it in the birthday video and so I'm
going to use it today that's
by the title was angry grandpa eats bugs
because he ate fucking bugs I was gonna
not cuss but he ain't fucking bugs bro
it was so girls it was disgusting
this was the other day angry grandpa
stop by any ate some fucking bugs bug
style so Cindy sent me a birthday
present in your presence oh how
thoughtful of my parents they don't give
them one I can hold on okay can you eat
it whole bunch of stuff I think there's
some eating in here okay first things
first
good boy Oh electronic yodeling pickle
Oh friend yo - booth okay who in the
world thought I need to make a product I
got it
a yodeling pickle go yodel a you just
did would you think to make this product
no yodeling pickle mop slippers for the
lazy housekeeper oh my god that is epic
slippers that I can mop with dude of
cool that is so cool
that's a good invention haha I bet dads
are like you could be predators buff
flippy holy shit that is really smart
ooh dill pickle flavored lip bar oh yeah
yeah why are you some new headlights oh
you know
okay Pitt
oh I'm not eating this well god what is
a chocolate dipped in sex
oh I'll beat him before there you go
hell yeah oh are you serious yeah I'm
serious
you probably eaten freaking non
chocolate dipped ins what is worm eat it
did I gotta I gotta get handsome for
this one where's that I don't know piece
of rat oh good
mmm no cock out stripper what ah what's
going on sticking me right there rip it
over to see what this is
yeah oh no try the warm one oh my god I
think it is no gooey oh man
that good one no lumber it's all better
cricket oh my Cindy sit just straight up
quicker show a camera oh my goodness
Cindy what is your deal
mom you're sick no man she's a good food
okay yeah so we have scissors there they
are cut my beggar now damn so did you
got
here it is look good I'm sure no come on
bro
all right no I'm good Wow I got wings
chocolate frog Oh actual candy oh shit
oh my god oh my god Ella being so sweet
I have no idea what your mom got all
those bugs oh my gosh I know right that
was so good so sweet
Oh Michael what is that he's a fake shit
again I'm haunted by fake shit yeah we
didn't tell anyone but Felix destroyed
that big oh yeah as I said yeah it was
he took the big piece of shit and shred
it into little pieces of shit I was
actually scared one day like I thought
it was the Bears egg thing is when they
delivered that bed they were delivering
the bed oh my god whoa that's good can I
see we do a google together no I'm not
participating in this the guy was
delivering that bad they have 1/5 the
guy looks down as you little pile of
Shiva oh wow
no it's worse is whenever they came in
because I guess Felix cut half of it and
then whatever upstairs well there was
the other half downstairs by the door it
was so real guys and then they get
upstairs do you see a big pile of red
pieces of shit and he goes oh shit
oh yeah and you know something funny one
day your dad was leaving I think it was
after the bugs and I saw him he looked
over as a piece of shit is like mmm yeah
and he walked out they were nice to know
this boy he's pretty disgusted oh my
gosh well that's gonna be it for today
you guys thanks for watching before I
get out of here we're going to take a
moment to talk to mcjuggernuggets
just to say something to him
personally I reached out to him I texted
him and talked to him there but I wanted
to say it your own video that you know
first of all I thought the videos were
real its I thought that they were real
videos uh maybe sometimes I was like
okay that's fucking crazy but I mean I
imagine that's the same thing people do
to my videos that's fucking crazy
you know dad backing into a pool you
know so I figured maybe it's the same
thing but you know you let us into your
life dude and I think you're talented
beyond bully I think you're so talented
and you know you've done a lot and even
though your channels ending you know I'm
silly
you can still text me do if you want to
text me I don't know but anyway that's
gonna be afraid of you guys thanks
mcjuggernuggets for all the all the
videos you gave us it was awesome good
story you got me kid kind of been insane
I'm really gonna miss him
bridges all sad right now I got earlier
so so anyways do you like me joggers
more than me yeah yes he took my fucking
girl
he took my girl no fur I'm really gonna
miss seeing its videos you know it was
all but you know that was one of my
daily routine so Jesse seriously I'm
gonna miss you guy but congratulations
for whatever it is you got going for you
man congratulations
so I'm gonna get out of here thanks for
watching you guys like subscribe
favorite fun on everything it's us and
submit your questions for Twitter Q&A
don't say anything else
okay fine okay wasn't are you ain't
checking against ah
polity - and why the last word I love
mcjuggernuggets one he is sexually
so call your crew oh my god yeah
waterproof not indestructible go getting
it right at home that is freaking
waterproof that's not the same thing as
bullshit this is go yeah I can't believe
he dropped it in the tea and it's still
working
says go tomorrow Oh
