what's going on you guys kick me on a
camera here
misty yeah right there and today we're
going over to grandpa's for Sunday
dinner
today is Sunday and if you didn't see
yesterday's vlog is because you were
paying attention cuz we did upload one
we know what I'm so mad that how is it
making a point
Oh get it you best meal completely if
you didn't see yesterday's vlog if you
didn't see Esther as long as cuz we
didn't upload one that's the point I
wanted to make
what does bellover they're doing the
reason we did upload a vlog yesterday is
because what we were supposed to be
doing was the Twitter Q&A video and we
were also going to go into the Jerry
Seinfeld show later on at night with
Bridget's mom and bridges mom's
boyfriend so I started calling dad and
tell him we needed to the Twitter Q&A
video yesterday and my vlog was going to
be aftermath to that and Dad children oh
no Mike oh but a couple hours which
meant I might be late to Jerry Seinfeld
but I hung around wait until about 5:30
dad calls me I'm still cool be another
coppa though with Mike I missed Jerry
Seinfeld yesterday waiting for dad dad
stayed at the place until about midnight
catching fish I never got to do Twitter
Q&A I never got to do a vlog yesterday
and I'm pissed about it so I didn't
upload a vlog yesterday but here we are
today
ha oh good yeah intro that it really
Sally missed ed yeah we may see your dad
good she's rude come on I need you in
the intro so anyway let's get this
Sunday started grandpa's making fried
chicken today I'm looking yes I'm saying
yeah I was gonna say the style of the
vlog today
okay go ahead fried chicken style bill
does not like attention
oh but Clyde does oh I know I love Chloe
but I want Bella to look oh she loves me
today oh my gosh don't those Bulldogs
are so fickle
so yeah I'm dead they love you the next
day they despise you yeah
is trash no I'm sorry
ah so you gonna hate me again Oh God
lets me know Clyde Annette is never
fickle but Bella you can't have trashed
they're gonna fight they might guys if
it Bella can I get some love please it's
like some days I'll just sit next to
Belle and she'll just jump off the couch
and walk away yeah it's like when they
want attention make sure you get their
attention
somebody's Bella just sits in her cage
yeah I'm nothing to do with us
yeah the fleas have people wandering
like they're fleas they're all clear yep
no more fleas no more fleas for big
girls no more fleas for big boy lazy you
want see she's gone that's she's done
with me yeah she's done oh yeah you're
so cute
so right now grandpa's testing out some
recipes because he wants to bring back
cooking with grandpa yeah
and what is this were you testing out
KFC yeah he's doing a whole meal boy so
this is what we're doing today at
grandpa's house and we're gonna see if
this is good enough for some cooking
with Grandpa oh yeah it smells good what
I can smell anywhere me how you see that
are you cooking it get the flour I
smelled wow are you oh you make a real
potato yeah
using help feeling that it was an empty
offer anyway I think not big doesn't
like it so if you guys want some cooking
with Grandpa videos you want to see how
he does KIC click like and we'll tell
you what the secret herbs and spices
were and the process show you one right
now brown sugar that's one of the spices
that's one of those spices
grandpa did some covert operations
looked into it and this is what he came
up with you got the pressure cooker I
didn't get up she got I need give me a
bigger pressure cooker that don't go
thirty minutes of time thirty minutes at
a time all you do three another down
with it how long does it take to
pressure fry the chicken probably twice
okay move on out you can't open it for
30 minutes right right so a big longer
that really so if it's in flames
you won't know until that's true see
this guy's that's gonna be I often think
about that well if it's inflames we'll
just grab it as best we can
toss in the back door I guess we'll grab
our chicken by the legs and haul heaven
and then end up a KFC to get dinner
taking mac and cheese what was he
thinking
giggling explode stop it's done
exploding by now but oh it outside yeah
she thinks he's gonna re explode oh wow
Mego turn the fan off it's raining oh
I'm thinking about your laughs
electrocute yeah so hey Dad huh on a
level of one to ten how pissed off are
you you don't got a fun no more
oh no one yeah they're not you're not
getting they're not gonna take it back
if you're calling them do give in to it
so what do I say when I bring this in
doing my pony
I'm already funny I got a guardian phone
maybe tested it out let me ask you a
question debt seriously why did you
think it was a distractible cuz they
advertise not affordable I don't think
they meant smashing it with wait this
project look at this yeah come on I
think when they say that adventure today
yeah then this day was like waterproof
or something like one before - okay
go home screen I doubt his waterproof
now you leave we saw it was waterproof
how you were right about that it was
waterproof but if how about it I got I
got what do I do now in our phone what
about the other phone want to get it
back for you uh did you sell it I've
been sold oh you've got to be joking
well
got a little bachmann which I can't let
Dad know yourself oh so so my father's
I'm gonna keep it up mother
what doll kid no he didn't swear to God
that was a freakin $700 phone
that one was a thousand dollar phone
pretty good I reckon it came to meet us
holy crap
Bridget we're gonna have to get him a
phone
yeah I know Hey think we have an old one
somewhere oh my god look uh yeah I think
we have an old phone we do like and um
put a phone no II have a good - for a
thing I hate iPhones well you do you
wanna i've already we're not talking on
the phone at all are you serious with
this we know your iPhone 5 don't you
have that stuff no memorable smashed in
the bathrooms I'm gonna look for a phone
well
you spilled from billet yeah I smell it
smell it like had like a chemical smell
still this foam Lee just came out dude
no come on dude put that thing down down
let's go please well isn't gonna do
don't burn bridges not gonna do nothing
else lose a good thumbnail down smile oh
you ain't never seen you found out but
you'll get a new phone game
another age
what another egg probably thank you
Michael Duke Li listen to me don't do
any of your own testing okay yeah it's
not indestructible
please don't test it anymore okay we saw
it might be waterproof your phone
thank you anyway she's that what I can't
believe you sometimes Oh God
chill out Oh try to sort my phone now
I'll have no trouble it's not neither
was yours
that's the mg used now you know fun cops
with you in the vehicle oh I can see
what you're doing you're just
embarrassed you're trying to act funny
yeah try to act funny because you
embarrass you
it's going to get a twin through the
table please stop with the phone
I did another one Michael should we go
to the hospital huh for breathing that
shit in I'm pissed at him for that what
did he do he freakin broke his damn
phone by the way his new phone it was an
accident then we were inhaling a lithium
battery fuck that free you know we
didn't inhale as much lithium is move
the iPad you know I don't recall you
having that thing on your face before
what they went over so I'm doing that
thing what is it do you think it's gonna
let the embattled freaking know I'm
pissed I want to go to the hospital
right now phone even try to film this
what is that I don't know did you get
hit in the face no it did not
well I was reading that the lithium
battery has like acid what if you're
freaking lungs how can you possibly know
yes or no no I don't remember
you're laughing got it Bridget I don't
remember no you didn't have it what is
it fuck going to when it hurts like fuck
now that I know you pointed out hearts
yes maybe we should go the friggin your
yeah there no but for real do you feel
okay I'm fine dude I save me h fried
chicken and drank tea I just want to
make sure because I think I'm starting
to feel weird
oh god you got out of there fuckin
instantly yeah you was fucking gone yeah
you think I'm fine yes you're fine all
right shit I just why I just don't like
inhaling that stuff why didn't he think
it was indestructible I don't know he's
stupid like okay I heard he's stupid AF
you know I heard I seen the commercials
like Lil Wayne it's like waterproof or
some shit and I in I have not yet heard
that it can't be broken with a hammer
where'd he get this info
Meishan what I don't even think it's
fully waterproof like it can last in
water for how long and that's it
I don't know this has got to be the
stupidest thing he's ever done
now the tattoo scrubbing is okay yeah
that's not there - that's probably
number one I thought he could scrub his
tan maybe scrubbed me this was here yeah
I'm pretty sure
oh yeah either once or one yes yell at
me like that
you feel real good about yourself
yelling at me Oh got you I got a new it
I knew it
Bridget isn't shower let's give her a
little dr. pepper love what the hey you
so when you race my fuck you from the
fridge I'll be right back you guys I'm
gonna prank mama with a freezing cold
dr. pepper I better open it first stay
there you guys
oh you're so buggy and lucky what
seriously like I just gotta brush my
teeth oh oh yeah I saw that
well there's another day I'll do it what
does that mean I'm outside the door do
are you woman are you drinking it yep
you're dreaming and dr. pepper in the
shower right now yeah oh man I got
nothing else I can put water in that
says D please do go I'm just going to
talk to you for a minute Frank didn't
work she grabbed the can out of my hand
I don't trust you what and I'm trusty we
finally carry it out I only try to
isolate fate I got nothing else to put
on you'll run hood I'll turn on the
camera I can't sit down and talk yeah
you can what do you mean you brought a
whole freaking crew of people in the
shower with me I slipped and busted my
ass my elbow still hurts
that's how Bridget normally sounds when
she's hungry
oh yeah you know just like a car
elevating calm no no what about that
what is a gorilla mating call sound like
I don't know like for one I think they
feed on the ground okay yummy grand MA
I don't do how I'm hungry ah I don't do
that
ah all right also for a boy candle well
that's gonna be a fair today Oh guys
thanks for watching if you haven't seen
the video yet check the link below
grandpa destroyed his Samsung Galaxy s7
whatever-the-hell
s7 edge piece of crap fucking thing I
mean I don't know why I thought he could
he just idiot that's why he is an idiot
maybe so I'm gonna get out of here
thanks for watching you guys keep
sending in your Q&A questions I couldn't
get to it today because that was fishing
all day yesterday but I will get to it
we'll put it up this Wednesday so start
sending your questions that hashtag ask
a GP let us know what you gotta say
we're gonna answer some questions but
I'm gonna daddy your thanks for watching
you guys like subscribe favorite fun on
everything for to ice and then unfollow
herb no no no don't always follow me no
but for real did you guys know there's
always an end clip there's not always a
ting clip there's sometimes in it
there's usually an end clip there's not
even usually something like oh there's
gonna be one day
she was read a cycle girl boy you're
hungry so I thought
miss gogo can't forget there's no such
thing as an indestructible phone dozens
go no it is not I can't believe he
dropped it in the tea and it's still
working
does go tomorrow
oh no Bridget is there anything to eat
I'm hungry I can't get low enough to
beat my frickin hands on the ground I
can't do it swing on that oh yeah it's
just worth the fucking roof down hungry
fucking funny black embarrassed okay
with it okay it's embarrassing I can't
do it can't get low enough
