Hey
hey Michael there's some really bad news
hmm
your total verifications gone what it's
gone well what's on your Twitter
verification and I feel really bad
thank you
boy did I get you no for real I just
really wanted you to wake up because
it's like 2:00 in the afternoon I'm
bored and I sent up since like 8:30
what's always it it's like to actually
let me check
it's 326 what like holy shit yeah
watching me sleep so late cousin you
needed to sleep but for real I'm really
bored so it's time to get out wait yeah
I do lose it
what well c'mon man brownie oh you're so
cute alright get up it's time Jordan
today alright well just give up we got
shit to do why don't you tell me a lot
more bear case
thank you no good morning good afternoon
I'm pissed at you for this what I didn't
care about the prank I'm pissed at you
let me sleep in some damn way Mako you
obviously need your sleep
clearly I didn't go to bed the freaking
vlog last night went up at like 3:00 in
the morning
damn one is first because it was over 20
minutes long it took like two and a half
hours to save then it was like four
games so it took like two hours to
upload oh my gosh stand in the middle
won't stand in the middle I don't know
what you're saying
stand right there we do it it's fuck
Friday yeah it's bad so comfortable oh
god is comfortable Oh
freaking thing going up my ass oh oh my
gosh we need to get a frame oh man I'm
up boss gonna ruin my sleep pattern
you've really nicely done up dude okay
I'm not even here skip go really did you
say escape no escape I'm pretty sure you
said I'm not yet you said I'm not your
escape go definitely not come on Michael
anything else well we should go
downstairs I got you something
what I got you something what surprise
I know your plan what we're trying to
get you to run down the stairs no well
first I'm not wearing socks - I don't
read Ellison that's not my plan maybe
it's in the microwave oh shit it's a
good sign with a bag of same agrees
oh dude what so did you get McDonald's
on ah yes maybe it's not in the
microwave Oh brethren glasses upstairs
from a hat upstairs well there is a
surprise in here I see it somewhere I'm
gonna walk in Wow here is awesome you
had a McDonald's bag it means you went
to McDonald's unless you fished the
freaking McDonald and then what Michael
I don't cook I don't know how to cook
and your ass legs asleep until 4:00
I got McDonald's breakfast I'm love
McGriddle why don't you give me one
because it would have been old as hell
by now heat it up in the microwave
hey hey hey little bitch is an all-day
thing
rude man sorry what's going on you guys
can't be on a camera here bitch OST yeah
right there
and today is fuck Friday happy fuck
Friday hey okay
is it out of your system now not yeah
you get one more maybe you should pallet
out of me I oh damn
today is Friday yesterday was my
birthday if you didn't see the vlog we
put up yesterday which you may not have
because it went up at 3 o'clock in the
morning it was super late if you haven't
seen it pause this one check it out you
guys wanted longer vlogs this one's over
23 minutes long damn yeah it was pretty
long so if you haven't seen it check it
out you didn't see the prank they pulled
on me yesterday check it out they did a
shower prank through a cake in my face I
slipped and busted my ass hurt my elbow
this ship is that bruised holy crap yeah
ah I hurt my elbow in that shower
everyone had a good laugh at me they
still feel bad but I mean it was sort of
worth it
anyway I want to go ahead and get this
Friday started this no no no fuck style
wait a minute you woke me up instead I
got my Twitter verification so I just
it's like still great sewing because I
just got up yeah
no but Furio it's gone not messing with
me I mean I don't know what happened
it's still there I've had it so when I
woke up I noticed that Bridget had it on
the YouTube app on PlayStation and she
was looking up epic Rap Battles I didn't
know you were a fan of this yes what all
did you watch I'm not telling you why
like a big secret are you embarrassing
me
okay I know you watched Gordon Ramsay
and Julia Child of course
hmm tell me if I skip over one and I
wanna try to guess of what you watched
definitely that
you don't know who they are so you
didn't watch that you probably click
babble and closed it yes or no yes
skipped it skipped it skipped it thought
about it but skipped it skipped it
alright am i right you skipped all these
no you definitely watched Oprah no you
didn't watch that yes I did and you
watch the Jack the Ripper one yes you
definitely watch the Ghostbusters one
okay I want to play which I am I getting
this completely it's time to play
whichever are you ready to say what the
hell your head is already ready to go am
i right what those all correct you skip
skip how do I know you so well I really
watch the Gordon Rams you want because
you followed you and I just you are
jealous I'm jealous
in fact I want to treat him a picture of
something I make oh god he'll say looks
like baby vomit
hopefully insulted why do you want that
dude I would love to be insulted by
Gordon Ramsay okay everybody tweet this
picture of her cake oh my gosh Gordon
Ramsay let's get this this is the cake
Bridget made me how did that one say it
tastes good but it looks like crap so
freestream it right here and tweet it to
Gordon Ramsay and ask his opinion on
this cake yeah you want to be insulted
so bad if he gets it he's gonna insult
it cuz those look like diarrhea I'll
take it look it tastes good yeah it is
very good
here's another frame somebody could use
how does my cake slice lick Ramsay one
blower you bastard there we go
how's it like Ramsay looks like shit
love that's you question Bridget what
what is this oh yeah I really got you
some McDonald's Oh what you just happen
to forget
there I forgot to tell you that ain't
right
I'm sorry yeah there again there for 30
seconds
do you ever search fire that way what
why would it I don't know you never know
now the things are finally starting to
get a little bit back to normal and
dad's back into his house and he never
left
I know it's screwed with my head but
either way now that things are starting
to get back to normal I thought we can
finally do the video we were trying to
get done before all this happened and we
had to stop it
Twitter Q&A I talked to dad yesterday
while he was here and he agreed to do
Twitter Q&A and that's what we're going
to do we're gonna do it Sunday start
submitting your questions we're going to
record it Saturday upload it Sunday send
your questions to that hashtag hashtag
Richard wise that makes no sense
Bridgette I haven't hit that in now
hashtag ask AGP so anyway don't even use
that hashtag submit your questions we're
gonna start answering some of them this
Saturday for a little bit of ask AGP
Twitter Q&A and I thought I had more to
say I felt like I felt like there was
something else coming after that you
felt like you're about to perform a
great speech and that's all you gave Wow
I'm just kidding anyway what am I saying
here so when you recording this you're
recording this now what is this
no the QA Saturday next Saturday no this
Saturday tomorrow what tomorrow today's
Friday oh man
the sleep patterns ruined me yes
tomorrow so submit your questions fast
you guys the villa the freaking Twitter
Q&A will recording tomorrow putting up
Sunday so start recording your questions
now or sending your own hashtag ask Agee
all that screw my head hashtag ask a GP
hashtag ask a GP Bridgette West at
lyrical drought they don't have to do it
that way I like to see it's of course
use the hashtag if you'd like to see I
don't want to force them between us the
only way hashtag ask a GP tomorrow's
we're doing it so start sending your
questions today you just staring at me I
did my little thing tomorrow really say
Friday yes
it's fuck Friday Oh filthy hey so we are
about to take Bella that's right you and
Clyde I'm your buddy you don't going to
go in there were you know on we're going
to take Bella and Clyde to the vet so
the camera overheated a second ago thats
why i just randomly cut but i'm
recording again we got to take the dogs
to the vet because they got some fleas
poor bud don't worry we're gonna help
you take care of this
Mel's being so good today alright so we
are on our way to the vet with Clyde and
Bella got some cool air going because
English bulldogs can't survive in the
heat very long
it's cold near they still can thing I've
ever just excited at the I think
so we go into the vet get this little
flea problem taken care of once and for
all right guys yeah oh don't come to me
that's cheating oh it's okay it's okay
Oh
5900 you're my fire Isabella no stop
trying to make him way more well we just
got back from the vet and Belle enquired
they got some sort of new medicine was
it Texas that's just like a heart what
is it Herrmann preventive that kills
fleas - we got you guys that's why I'm
Senna no but that doesn't take away
please we got you covered guys hey
Michael what who's this
so I couldn't get dark out to play in
our living room but oh crap hey Death
Cab for Cutie tickets yep wow you didn't
have any when I looked wow what is this
uh 15 15 so I don't really Wow whoa dude
Deb Cab for Cutie I don't know if
anybody knows this about me because I
don't really discuss my musical
preferences but Death Cab for Cutie's
with my favorite bands in the whole
world
so that's fucking cool dude would you
get these last month are you serious yep
Wow last month yeah I didn't even know
they were coming here I take it
freaking three days ago seguro
you knew they were coming so there's
something else tomorrow
we're going to see Jerry Seinfeld what
hey yep he's coming back yep
now I had to get those tickets a long
time ago
what how do you keep these for me dude
you you all who slipped up I just got it
I'm just good at keeping secrets
Oh two days ago you told me Death Cab
was coming here I didn't know until you
mentioned it how long do you know about
them
uh like forever how do I not know Jerry
Seinfeld how long don't you know my him
like forever ago oh man awesome
the breads birthday is my birthday yeah
I know right
what birthday presents of July - from
this coming end August hey hey hi
birthday
no that's mine in September October
November December the question is how
the hell were you gonna top it with mine
I can't I'll get you tickets to Death
Cab in another state I'm good you don't
got do that hon under this for you well
that's gonna be it for today you guys
thanks for watching tuner on our sucking
on a jolly rancher right now good day
bad day
oh please and it was a great day it was
a great day but you pranked me when I
woke up uh-huh you pranked me with the
frickin verification shit you pranked me
with the freaking McDonald shit you
pranked me the other day yeah I know I
actually did get you McDonald's but I
just forgot to tell you about it you
freakin double pranked me man
you triple quadruple prank man well
anyway I'm gonna get out here thanks for
watching you guys like subscribe
favorite fun everything for johast and
that's it have you fucked Friday
hello guys submit your questions for the
Q&A
