they have one don't be mad not mad it
was funny okay it was awkward look at
that Oh
is there oh my god sugar drank a lot
probably gone okay I'm sorry I'm sorry I
told you a surprise party oh man you
were right I got you though may not be
real good hmm hey you know it made me
feel better about my birthday I'll give
you that
right everyone cares about you babe Oh
clean this here come on please me that
you proud of yourself Barry look at this
oh hey Charlie
it looks like an older version of the
guy from operation all right is there
water on the knee operation how are you
doing too hot your birthday that was on
yeah whatever dude all right I'm gone oh
you know yeah it is what it is bomb Iraq
birthday gun all right bye Bridget bye
thanks Tina thanks for the help
yeah no probs done don't you know that
yeah that's awesome
Tina oh wow Bosom Buddies
whatever man you didn't mad could you
ain't got no bosom buddy I got boobs oh
oh find anybody now let's get them Oh
bosom buddy they're best friends now
watch out for that that's a hell of a
connector best friends now get the iPod
go I meant asking for Lisa downstairs
yeah baby misses but that wall oh my god
okay we'll finish but it's going to
clean it anyway oh my god I just
yy-you don't I mean I can do it
don't rush to do it
oh my gosh
this was on that so this was the idea
yes and no it wasn't my idea
there's no damn smell of wine
I'm sorry I told you a surprise though
this has to be the ultimate shower you
know how awkward it was dude I believe
that like that everyone see your penis
don't fucking joke mom you better not oh
I will be jealous I know right
okay I can do it my goal I want to start
from it haha let's go up and guess I
can't believe I never thought that for
you or dad or somebody like I was
stunned
so this first present is from Kim right
yep it's rapper he has to leave in the
blocks I didn't know there's a lot of
stuff in this she did too much again our
sentence manual of mischief this is like
a prank book wow that's so cool oh cool
man this is the reason I buy The
Simpsons DVDs because they're so
detailed so it's like maybe they get
idea of like pranks and stuff in the
Simpsons that's cool Kim that is really
neat this feels like the kind of book I
would have stolen from my school I used
to steal books in the library oh my gosh
okay
picture where they go for these it's a
really cool area family picture uh-huh
that's awesome
understand rap explanations of confusing
rap lyrics you and your grandma can
understand okay let's just go to one I
want y'all buck naked while y'all
cooking up my dope lyric from the song
ghetto D by Master P okay this is
amazing it's a realistic explanation of
rap there so some of us I want your book
naked why y'all up cooking my dope and
the explanation is it is best that you
remove all your clothing while in the
kitchen so you aren't tempted to take
the crack cocaine you're making for
yourself and no one will wrongfully
accused you of doing so since you have
no pockets also if you are a female that
attractive body you will be nice to look
at
oh my god baby's gonna one more boo-boo
this is one awesome
okay your baby mom was still giving me
brain from the way we ball by Lil Flip
the woman who is your child's mother
continues to perform sexual favors on a
somewhat regular basis even though I am
aware that you may be in a relationship
with her even if you aren't still seeing
her you most likely have a lifelong
emotional connection and for me to tell
you about our sexual indiscretions is
very disrespected oh my gosh this is
sick that's really cool that's a cool
fucking book Wow I love that looks like
it's another picture let's take it guys
Lillian Eliza together is it yeah oh my
god predictable kill I love the Fran for
real uh-huh so lily and Eliza we got two
pictures from them and one more thing
from Jim this is awesome
Kim knows all my personal stuff rather
than Jax but now I like gifts too this
is Harry Potter Wow freaking she giving
Wizards chess that's pretty cool Harry
Potter Wizards chess I don't know how to
play chess
brush it does so she can my dad we
should definitely teach you Wizards
chess dude sick this is probably a super
big picture of Lily in Eliza oh my gosh
here's a story night from Van Gogh oh
this hard works yep that is a hard word
starry night yeah Wow I freaking love it
I made it signed it wow that is sick
dude I love this one hand I don't know
if I want everyone to see it when they
walk in or something white bones
this came through customs
so there's Barry not one of those like
thousand-year-old eggs seized Rocco real
good well maybe it's magical what it's
fucking maybe you should make some hot
tea this is freaking sick
so you can't tell if you're not a Harry
Potter fan this is the marauders map and
the idea is the marauders map becomes
available to those using magic so here
it is this is so cool dude I wonder if
the handle terms tell them to or no I
don't know I freaking love secret coves
it's good she's watering what would
happen me put milk in a Keurig I don't
know god oh my god
hey this is cars for Humanity I don't
know I've heard of this I'm never
playing okay yep
do you know what it is my god you know
how to play it yeah I think so it seems
so freakin easy what did I call it cards
for humanity cards again oh fuck
cap nothing fucking oh oh oh my gosh
another everywhere
tell me it's okay so oh god the first
thing I see is a brain tumor
oh my god scary shit play tonight we are
looking to how to play this shit alright
oh cool a custom ps4 controller green
I've never seen a green so did you get
this from the same place honest and I
got one for you so you can't use the
green controller oh no oh wow look at
that there's obviously the same thing
I'm trying to see this is pickleboy yeah
don't like the camera Oh
that's so cool I love that color that's
my favorite color
I know oh my god people know that that
is so neat perfect choices silver and my
favorite color of blue Wow Thank You
Bridget
so yellows I'm Deb we are plugged up see
those are sick this is the best one yeah
those are sick it's better than what I
got you know it is I love the one you
got me also the new bed so I got a new
bed all that stuff but this is my
favorite Oh birthday presents the dog is
going to see the bed for the first time
and Bella starts hacking something up
look like what though huh look Bella
this bed is so much lower than the other
bed so Bella can definitely jump up
there oh my god come on girl you can do
it oh all right you got it ready
the dogs about experience that they'd
moved for the first time lounge position
what's going on
well what's going on with the back
uh-huh my god oh my gosh oh my gosh he's
so funny oh my god holy crap I didn't
know it carved like that he keep going
I'm afraid Oh jealous quite scared to be
on it oh my gosh yeah we got to get a
frame I know I don't know how to find
one I googled everywhere
so Bridget got the mattress and all this
from just straight from mattress store
we weren't aware well she wasn't aware
because I didn't know what's coming that
it needed a frame as well yeah I like I
did not know it was so out of high tech
so I figured her frame would do right
now looks like we're in a hospital bed I
know
oh uh cover that ill hmm but it is very
comfy so close I know right what's going
on you guys kid 15 minutes into the vlog
behind the camera here
oh I see yeah right there and 10 18
minutes into the vlog here really more
like 13 minutes 40 something seconds but
anyway starts in something forties today
is my birthday oh my god is happy
birthday yesterday we went ahead and
opened the presents and we did all that
early I wanted to go ahead and get it
out of the way because I don't like to
celebrate birthdays and they pranked me
yesterday I have to if you haven't seen
it check out the link below we put up
the prank where they look the gimme
surprise party and they threw cake on my
face see I felt really bad like I felt
bad you should have flipped and oh my
gosh I just felt that dad called me this
morning
oh you ain't you ain't dad you ain't
what sort of used I can't remember the
word he used anymore
are you a dad talented I think he's
trying to say how to smile you know why
dad oh you know why grandpa he is very
talented that's right hmm so anyway I'm
gonna keep it a short intro because it's
happening so late but today is my
birthday happy birthday whoa I added it
in balloons to that part so oh okay
we react ready today's my birthday
ah God I did get the best birthday
present I could ever imagine
today I got verified on Twitter that was
the best
thanks a lot Twitter how the hell am I
gonna top that Twitter upstaged Bridget
man no ok so you got verified I did not
dad got verified and Gordon Ramsay
follows you I'm gonna Ramsay forward I'm
done giving gifts fucking bad out of
here it was my birthday so it's not more
presents hey that's pretty heavy
this is freaking food I've been out of
wrapping paper I'm sorry
movie cheesecake
a New York cheesecake table your the bag
movie holy whoa oh yeah oh my god come
here she thought was she's not scared
for a second you just can't have it okay
oh okay here's a little frozen thing
leave this I know right holy moly that
looks freaking delicious I hope there's
a cold one oh man this was like a trap
what do you mean styrofoam oh shit Oh
bunch of start oh my gosh oh is that
pizza place yeah all those the lyrical
person know what oh we all got cheese on
top yup so so everybody knows this is
like some service and I don't have to
promote it so I'm gonna cover the logo
up cause they I'm not promoting anybody
but this is a service that ships you
fresh food from around the country
oh yeah putting it in grab your moment
boom five to eight minutes Pizza time so
here is the pizza yeah Bridget yeah yeah
birthday pizza time hell yeah give me a
slice what do you want this size I like
the best I'm taking one at a time I'll
be back for us are you really good
mm-hmm
wait delicious thanks mom oh you really
better president you give me a hug yeah
happy birthday we get along right now
right now your birthday all right you
spent money a lot I don't like it a lot
do this Bridget oh wait it's like Oh
what is this
okay I see I see I see cool it like it's
that you waving the white comes yeah
I'll purge it you want to try help me
put this yeah
hell yeah I'm horrible at puzzles
totally absolutely awesome dude look
good birthday oh hell yeah bro
oh yeah Bridget to the clear part that's
really cool like it
it's the Marauders Matt cup dude we're
jet where's when you got me
I'll show down for you leaves okay this
is sick use my new Cup official this is
one of the 3d puzzles yep holy crap
you're gonna have to put this one
together but I'm put it together and put
it up yeah holy shit huh and here is
your main one what I've done piece of
paper piece of paper read it there's two
parts of this i pre-ordered you of book
etheta book
he pre-ordered me the Harry Potter and
the cursed child it comes out next month
oh yeah that's the coolest dad thank you
the hands birthday stuff I appreciate it
really thank you very much
I want you have some nice stuff here
well it's about time hey Dad are getting
along I'm not saying about time for that
oh but how we're getting the law oh yeah
the video that was good I appreciate
that
no problems well right now for my
birthday I decided I want to go to the
movies and we are here to see pop star
and I've got me a pop or a pop and we
don't really call a pop here in this out
but other people do so I got a soda but
yeah look at this
I decided have two drinks for the movies
I'm pretending somebody sitting there so
I know my friend sitting here and I
don't think of anything to worry about
though we're just got the blue oh yeah
you don't think anyone's coming I don't
think anyone's coming this is literally
the first showing I don't know if you
can see me but so far there's nobody
else in here
so what maestro an idiot oh oh man this
is crazy I almost got it
there's like I'm trying to fish my dick
out of my pants it's got it oh thank god
time to watch pop star I was like almost
like a commercial go see pop star in
theaters Friday oh yeah
uh-oh if it's too dark to see me or what
I having a good birthday yep
I don't always like hope I want to say
something if he keeps talking like oh no
that's it hey hey no Michael come back
don't do it dude when we get kicked out
for pissed off I think pissed off I
would watch this movie hey bro
he's got me he's got me
well we just got back from seeing a pop
star it was awesome yeah it was pretty
funny
there's only one problem the movie
theater there was something wrong with
the audio so like yeah it was like in
mono instead of stereo so like we would
hear the voices really well but not the
music yeah that was crazy yeah
uh you know from what I could understand
it was a great night you know hey you
know we were laughing I think we will
happen to Labs the people in front of us
eventually laughed unless they just
hated the movie I don't know I thought
it was great dude you told me to like
hush a few times I know good cuz they
couldn't help it
it was super awkward you know cause like
we're we're laughing these people in
front of us a couple of times Bridget
got a little too laughing okay no I
didn't know no you weren't laughing - it
was hot
I know usually if it was a packed
theater yeah that'd have been okay but
like it was just like us
two people in front of us on one person
and the first it was like four people so
we were the old ones laughing because I
think they hated it
yeah I got him I left either they got up
a lot because of Bridget's obnoxious
laugh she didn't kick in their seat and
shit liar then let it happen
that's the laugh by the way no was it
that was always well that's gonna be it
for today you guys thanks for watching
you know I don't like birthdays I hate
them but this was the best birthday I've
ever had
it was amazing Bridget hook man with a
ton of cool shit we got a new bed I got
verified on Twitter
dad stopped by and we didn't argue I
don't even care that you guys pranked me
yesterday it sucked
I'm pretty sure every one of them saw my
penis but oh my god
well you know what be happy about that
because you pack okay well I don't want
them know that I don't want them to hear
about that so anyway thanks for watching
you guys
I'm a little blower someone to go to get
out of here but that was a great day
great birthday I don't know how next
next year won't top this one don't say
it I'm a triumph on here man you're
gonna have to freaking bring JK rowling
to my house to read a chapter from Harry
Potter
yeah just bone - oh my bring Death Cab
for Cutie to play a living room concert
so I don't know however you can try to
top yourself it's going to cost money
half day no it won't happen but anyway
thanks for watching you guys say you're
losing no kinda it's never gonna happen
I
they'll never have anyway like subscribe
favorite fun everything vigil eyes and
that's it
I love ya I keep the last word of my own
birthday blogs yeah that's right now I
love you guys
I've court they may look heavy birthday
babe I get last one of my blog it's my
birthday
Oh
Hey
Wow
birthday spanking ah hard
I'll do it 90 more times at all
