what's going on you guys birthday boy
behind a camera here not yet visu st
Yeah right there and today is June 1st
and tomorrow is my birthday
oh I'll be all right no I'm not so
Bridget knows I'm not leaving the
bedroom all day cuz I'm getting pranked
folks make off I'm not thanking you
yes you are matter of fact if I stay in
the bedroom gonna get pranked so not
saying what today is June 1st June has
begun May was in an hour
June is here what I'm still alive she
loomed yep I'm alive unless today's a
29th day Michael today could be it stop
it's not today if you haven't been
coffee clear until your birthday now
thanks if you haven't been following
Bridget thought for the past month that
she was gonna die yesterday because the
Ghost Box said so yeah it's at 29 days
left you guys heard it today we're not
really gonna be doing anything I don't
like no special delivery coming soon
prank dude no I told you I don't want
I'm not gonna Michael it's all right I
don't prank me and I'm damn looking
especially I'm get a present today or
I'll freakin freakin prank tomorrow what
is it no pranks just presents get a
special delivery today special delivery
for pick away let's get this a started
birthday kids match my birthday present
not kissing you well I just got reminded
why I don't like shopping at Walmart all
the time me and Bridget just now we were
checking out a fucking Walmart and look
Oh Bridget tells me there was this
freaking guy he's like filming us or
taking picture and usually people do it
all the time and I'm okay with it you
know usually I'll say hey come here
we'll get into a picture it's shit like
that within this guy it's behind his
camera like what so I said well you got
eyes with it you got a fucking problem
what what the fuck is your problem well
you don't want no to be
just going out of jail I'm doing the dad
but you want none of this boy I just got
it yeah hey you're fucking proud of that
hear it I'll just go to the gym boy I
got fucked up yes know this guy so I was
like yo fucking walk over here dude I
told him walk the fuck over here Brett
just telling me to stop shit
look I don't want to get into a fucking
fight I'm not a fighter I don't claim to
be a badass I probably would have gotten
my ass beat but I'm not gonna fucking
get my ass beat without swinging I don't
know man you're pretty strong like I
said I'm cool if you want to film us in
public and take pictures it happens all
the time that's not the problem
I've done videos with people in target
it's when you're behind the phone I feel
like acting like a fucking bad-ass and
walking over to customer service yeah
so I had a fat I just wanted to vent a
little bit so guy you know if you wanted
a picture just ask you know if you want
to picture just ass do anything necks
except I don't know who you are
oh I didn't say you did you know I never
suggested you knew who I was I don't
anticipate that anybody knows who I am
but when somebody's taking your picture
and flipping you off my open obviously
you have a problem so I asked you what
the fuck is your problem anyway
that's what happened just got to an
argument at Walmart I wish we would have
recorded it Brett she did bring the
camera oh don't even blame me yeah
where was the camera I don't know I
didn't bring it I have been fucking
hilarious
even though I got knocked out I wouldn't
want a wall star times like these we
need your brother to shop with us what
to fight my battles for me
yeah I'm just talking shit I taught you
about you to get arrested I don't care
if he can't arrest I just get it so
anyway you wanted a picture just ask bud
well one of my birthday presents just
arrived early I had no frickin clue this
was coming happy birthday yes I was
gonna try to do it too surprising reveal
but it's anyway mattress purcha got me a
fucking new bed for my birthday
yep oh man all my candy is fucking
everywhere I don't want to eat candy
don't look at don't like any of em
anyway
what kind of pissed right now Bridgette
paid extra for this mattress store to
take this bed and put it in another room
and also she what would you say it was
some sort of protective sleeve or
something yeah it's like a protective
sleeve so you never give bedbugs or
anything and they were supposed to put
it on because we were fuckin know how to
do that it's like a big ass like
pillowcase for the mattress and they
didn't do any of it
Bridgette paid for them to move this and
wrap this and they just wanted to get
the fuck outta here I'm not going to say
their name cuz I'm not gonna I don't
want to freakin call these people but
damnit Swinney way so let's try to put
this pillowcase on her mattress how we
do I don't even know like it's a zip
thing and I don't know they're supposed
to do it yes so you know this is know
what we'll be sleeping every night
Michael
you'd better not wake me up with that
thing we're just we like this always
this is how you sleep oh my gosh you go
with that okay that up enough well do
you like it course aside from its so
soft I know like memory foam slash
pillow top I wonder how it looks late
you cuz it's like memory foam one of
those like a big dent with like some big
girl avoided oh oh gosh oh you're so
cute it's comfortable though oh yeah I
can't wait to go to sleep tonight
mmm and yeah the middle that I I think
we should just switch sides
yessir q that's so cool
I love it virgin I'm glad you can't keep
spending so much money on my birthday I
don't like birthdays as it is I have to
top them every single year I wonder what
next no fucking full wrestling ring in
the backyard Bridget
you shouldn't have done that hey well
let's figure out how to do this where's
the thing right there this I'm a pause
and help you I think we're good Michael
I think we're getting somewhere now for
the love beat by this thing that's
beating me dude I know how you feel so
we've been working on this case cover
for like yeah it's been like an hour and
I'm fucking furious don't take it out on
me please
I'm not a pissed horrible this is my
birthday present why don't I go put it
together
you don't go downstairs Jesus Michael
stop it why is it so difficult I don't
know look I feel like it's half way now
but minute ago open rip the thing -
right now I actually swear to god I want
to take in the back yard line on fire
serious sure why is it so hard
I don't know I think the problem was you
freaking unzipped it and I didn't know
what the fuck was what I don't like me
you incept most of it blame me for this
now what what stop it
we're getting somewhere damn not using
this you're not having yeah yeah we're
using this I'm not using it so you're
gonna edit the blog today yeah and no
whoa yeah I'm gonna take this out leap
bleed on camera no don't
this is
it what to say no genius yes because I
was about to rip it in half dude I was
going to light on fire so this has been
two hours
oh my god I'm sure all the people are
laughing at us because they probably
done it them so I'm sweating yeah but
this thing Wow
this was a nightmare there's better be
the best night of sleep in my life right
we started to move this stuff oh shit
do I need take a break and got put this
on yeah the mattress cover I think we
can handle that hopefully so I don't
even know I wonder if I like my other
mattress cover better this is way better
do you think yeah okay you've got to see
this
so something we never noticed I guess
because the color of that mattress oh my
gosh the color of my pillow oh wait
hello what the hell oh no what it smells
like oh no oh look at Mike hello that
one's pretty like half a year old oh you
really see it now this is from 2012 oh
gosh wrote you up man I gotta get a
pillowcase for it yeah Joey gosh should
we wash it yeah I suppose but I was
embarrassed now that I got my new bed
and I'm happy for it and I'm happy that
I'm not getting pranked it's time for me
to open up a little which one is this
Russell crate right Russell crate the
good one pro-wrestling crates the one
that that's a little wish yeah Russell
crates awesome this is the one I usually
love don't let me down guys I don't know
this might be a prank oh okay oh I got a
kalisto figure sad dude freaking kalisto
that's pretty cool
I met kalisto first things first right
there kalisto that was awesome
I met him backstage the raw before us I
mean our nicest guy in the world okay
Jhansi is the nicest guy in the world
okay here we go who are you people
I feel like I should know you and I
don't it's it's like in the top of my
head and I can't think it in I feel
stupid
naca Miura is the Nakamura shirt I don't
look good in grey but I'm gonna wear it
anyway
Nakamura shirt kalisto figure a pack of
playing cards oh and I can already see
it Joey Ryan autograph cool Joey Ryan
it's been misprinted so it's a little
stretched but the autographs perfect
Joey Ryan if you guys don't recognize
him you - all wrestling video or a
bolide was like flipping people with his
penis that's him
so Russell crate Joey Ryan autographed
shirt cards and the kalisto figure way
better than the other crazy it specify
Pro Wrestling yeah you know I just
thought about something what you're
definitely not praying to me my sleep so
I can stay here all day tomorrow yeah
that's not happening I'm not drinking
you do you know why I know you're not
gonna be pranking me tomorrow what you
know whatever you wanna whine what I
mean what I'm saying why why mm-hmm new
bed yeah so if dad's gonna not gonna
prank me while I was sleeping throwing
cake on me or anything in a new bed you
would not allow that very good very good
very good
you cracked it every year he throws a
freaking cake on me I'm not pranking you
they weren't you disappointed that I'm
obviously not coming to the surprise
party on filet DL I'm staying in this
bed all day then
okay whatever it's my birthday I can
stay in bed if I'm absolutely you can do
that ladies and gentlemen I must say
happy birthday Mike can I say my line
you don't me to say cause you know I'm
gonna say it
ladies and gentlemen I won I won not
getting pranked shit you should dance
because you're not getting praying I'm
fucking we'll all right you should do
the crab the crap and fame I'm so sorry
yeah also sure of it I'm so sorry that's
all dad to leave yeah tell your dad to
leave tell my dad to leave tell to
easily make them all leave we're here to
party
they just freakin prank me in the shower
you tell him to leave it was good Oh
give me high five man i honest to god
don't think I've ever been as humiliated
in my entire life
as that mole did they see you naked oh
man they threw me a surprise party in
the shower oh that was that was epic
dude glass that w it's really good that
your diaper wasn't on the floor that all
so the shower is now clean from their
stupid prank
you bastard ah we all know I cleaned it
oh I couldn't have been on video look at
how nice job you missed that Michael I
was about to have a heat stroke so I've
stopped oh shit almost wasn't worth it
I'll tell you one thing okay go expose
it worth
they really I'm happy I did it are you
you fully deserved that well your
birthday's coming up
stop you know you're getting pranked now
no uh you better start using the glass
shower I will cuz I can't well for now
on glass shower I'm not allowing you to
prank me ever again you got to get
pranked at this point dude you're
getting away with too much
stop uh I got it what I have a really
good idea for your dad what well that's
gonna be it for today you guys thanks
for watching I was through watching you
guys I was so sure wasn't getting
pranked smile Birds be happy I'm really
happy big smile
oh shit she ain't cake and I'm pretty
sure this shower cake were you eating SH
the cake out of the shower now yeah you
were she was cleaning the shower out or
eating the cake that's coming out
tomorrow what folks said no I watched
video it's fucking funny oh my god dude
I was dying it was good I'll give y'all
dad
it was go cake one oh my gosh what
nothing and then well daddy shit man
you're hurting me okay you know that was
not me and giving you out of here she's
rude why are you coming up all up on me
she's in the outro a bit
you ruined my birthday now you said that
presents that's tomorrow though okay
anyway thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe favorite fun everything for to
us
I get a crab dance you did I was effect
I mean look my teeth
I should call the Freshman team hearts
racing a lorry yeah
wait are you are you okay come on with
it's double shake I got a question
asking of one asking for a while okay
Bridget will really wear this with your
teaching does my asshole but I do you
know we're not engaged only do this
because you want this ain't crab enough
sure I got this
whoa don't forget I'm done with crap
shit now oh my god you should try it
from like your hands and feet I can't
get that low oh come on what this fellow
does not want me to do this don't do
that Bella stop though I'm done with it
no I mean like backwards Oh God hey come
on try it
I can't but I wanna yeah like that
imma break every bone on my damn body
I'm gonna tact please don't bite me
Bella
don't worry about it
I love your crab dance though for real
