what's going on you guys kick me out a
camera here Bridge OST yeah right there
for now stop it today is Bridget's last
vlog now as you can see from the title
bridges last vlogs today anything you
want to close out on I'm still alive
guys so she thinks that today is her
last day are still alive yeah for now
Burgess seems to think that she's gonna
die at some point today because the
Ghost Box said so dude what if I do
though well if you do the blog will have
a very different ending well the other
spoiler it'll fade out Nevada to me the
eyes Oh anyway I also talked about that
Oh first of all it's not gonna happen
Bridgette seems to think because last
month well earlier this month we were
using the goatee nine days ago and it
said 29 days and apparently she heard
last which I didn't fucking hear but
anyway she seemed to think that today
which is the 29th day something's gonna
happen never know you shamed a little
bit I'd be ashamed and I'm real happy
I'm alive I'm kind of embarrassed well
it's a great day to be alive I know the
Sun still shining where my clothes hurry
is if I died today because the butcher
sir expansion came out today I really
want to play that's why you'd be furious
I would be if you died today bridge is
gonna be in heaven like shit I didn't
get to play two which are exactly mean
wha
Here I am how am I gonna cope without
Bridgette and there she is up there can
someone tell me what happens in the
winter blood and wine Jesus you got the
inside scoop on this great what why are
you so upset I can't even believe we
didn't help me clean on my last day
what's it matter but your last day you
you got this
I could have been playing Witcher I
haven't
gasps this is supposed to be my birthday
week I supposed to get anything that I
want babe you don't get a birthday week
I get you had a birthday month man this
is birthday week I should at least get
front me clean house and thank you for
doing it by the way looks pretty good
huh you just want an excuse to film with
clean kitchen yeah I mean look at all
that oh yeah those candles hmm hey you
see the freaking thing dad tweeted out
today know someone how he went to Waffle
House and it was garbage and he threw
his from eggs on the table
I was their fulfillment oh hey
of course he paid I assume he's a magic
cat suitcase I better find out yes but
did you pay okay okay well I want to
make sure what yes he paid he freaking
of course the tip he just stuck
apparently in the eggs he took a dollar
bill and put it in the oh my god the
chick like apparently the waitress
he kept ordering bacon because they kept
burning the bacon like he order like
four things the bacon everyone came
apart and she was getting madder
every time you eulogy something else so
he took the dollar bill shoved it in the
eggs holy crap I'm talking dishwasher
I'm actually done talking
that was being extra sweet right now hey
girl
see that Clyde gay that lazy so right
now
Bridget found some stupid like bullshit
little Facebook game what is your vagina
name so how what are the roles show with
the tablet how do we figure this out how
would the rules read it out first letter
of your first name in first letter of
your last name
okay so yours Bridget so be Sparkle West
cookie so your vagina name a sparkle
cookie all right
mine is golden hole mine's golden hole
okay I'm gonna show you guys this pause
this and tell us what your vagina oh my
gosh I would love let us know in the
comments and tweet us what your vagina
name is based on these girls what is
dad's jelly his be jelly hole oh there
was this jelly hole dude it's Kim's
Kim's bitch whole way is it Pratt now
yeah she's Pratt now so she's bitch box
yeah
Kim's bitch box oh or bitch hole is
they're both puffy that is really oh my
gosh
it's hole what's your mom's Oh a jelly
tunnel jelly tunnel ah jelly pan oh oh
my god up heart's racing you recording
yeah nervous wait all right
are you okay come on with this dumb shit
I got a question ask you I'm one asking
for a while okay Bridge OS
will you wear this Witcher keychain does
my asshole but I do you know we're not
engaged oh my gosh you actually proposed
to me in a McDonald's parking lot don't
you that was a joke well you still did
it and you were like oh it was a joke
okay so basically I jump repose all the
time you guys you just never speak we
were mouthing things and we were trying
to read each other's lips and he was
like Bridget will you marry me and all
whores were like can I get a McGrail
with fries anyway you will you do me the
honor of wearing the future ah shit uh
well where Auster small joking okay
trying to put verges engagement
engagement ring oh it's not a real
engagement ring Bridget oh my gosh but
everyone wants to know what would you
ever propose to me one day I suppose I
mean why is it so hard do me to do it
we'll just wedge it open like this but
this work why don't I try no come on let
me try they're not good she do it yeah
Oh Belle she called me out on it mama
freakin called me out on that I'm a bear
oh my god so I was just on the phone
with Grandpa and I did not tell Michael
and he found out and now he's trying to
spy on me what you feel why are you
spying on me who's spying you are
talking to none of your business you on
the phone I think there's been a Frank
it's hot
you'll be freaking scared now and it
wasn't with your dad either
yeah yes I'm just kidding it was we were
just talking though Oh
oh my gosh are you okay cuz what is with
you get I blame you for this type of
shit now boy it's ripped one down
because you could just tell me you into
the phone with well I don't either
pumpkin plant Bella please stop that
what's the prime Michael there is no you
just made me hit myself in the face with
this thing please go into the garage and
get a new one of these try to cut my
neck wait I think he's just trying to do
oh my gosh where do they really keep
these ass I bought a box of them because
you always rip them and the oxygen and
it's in the garage
oh my you know I think you just have
accept the fact that I need just stood
on the couch at all time maybe the
thirty-first wasn't meant for me
come on was what all that shit where are
they over there see um no I don't what I
there's rats
we have crap I kind of afraid to do that
come in fucking white fish to the inside
oh yeah okay help me get the thing
get like two why'd you break on your way
to meet a wreck gonna get ya wait lady
go I feel fella sorry no it's not
Moin package freaked out
why are you freaked out cuz I think
something's going all over the frame
you tell me surprise party but I think
it's more like freaking you night out of
you you're not big on loving surprises
like me
all men are the same way Michael chill
out
nobody's pranking you well people in the
comments seem to think of it was what do
you guys think click like the plane or
something I heard you on the phone with
dad he was on speaker phone book when I
can hear dad's lap dad's gotta just sit
what are you doing you can't you're too
weak to move it you're chained trying to
change the subject
I'm getting so tightly on it can't even
move in it because I was moving out I
was shifting and breaking my hand
that thing's like 400 pounds you try to
change the subject
no I didn't what I'm really hot let's go
in oh you don't my god
what it's locked the sliding glass door
locked yes bullshit
why you know you don't think how do you
enjoy fucking with me it's fucking your
hope this one alright
yeah do that
well I did do that say he add you that
some kind of Marty doing the other one
please
so what was that saying he was just
saying that he wants to do the party
here he's sick of doing shit of his
house how come I gotta find out you're
on the phone with my dad and listening
to there's one missing
oh good another one no come on come on
Michael if you lock me in the dorm
screaming like a chick until they call
the police okay yeah shit I thought you
were gonna scream scare to free man we
have such a good day it's a good day
trust you you know that is sad you're
planning something I am NOT I heard that
and he said some shit Oh that'd be funny
and I couldn't record yeah we're talking
and I couldn't record because you had
the freaking camera both of them outside
dude why do you have both cameras cuz
you knew I was gonna record and tell
people to analyze the audio but I heard
no we were laughing because it'd be
funny to surprise you it's not a
surprise you told me yesterday yeah but
that's why we were laughing guys did
anybody cuz I couldn't see anybody who
read the lips What did he say you're up
to something I told you or sad which is
why nothing knows yeah nothing no you're
planning I already told I want edge you
can't prank me if I'm on edge scared
Bridget I'm I'm starting to think that
you may have a point about this whole 29
days thing what do you mean calm down
first of all I don't like you saying
that well we've had nothing but bad luck
the blinds fell twice that one hit me in
the face all that stuff fell in there
sit down or something
sit down um yeah I'm just thinking that
like you should be the one sitting down
you're the one worried I'm not worried I
think we should go sit in a parking lot
er huh yes I think you should go to the
ER I'm not gonna entertain this I know
you're bullshitting no no way in hell
you would do that and I'm gonna show
your face do you I gotta shove it oh my
god you're serious you would go to the
park
a lot of an ER I thought about it you're
a freakin Attica I don't want to die
Bridget it was not real it was a freakin
RadioShack thing okay honest I don't
know what it is I don't can't explain
how it works but I'm pretty sure it's
not a ghost
okay oh man what I'll feel right
what oh just hit me
29 days no bail is even miss yes it was
no it wasn't oh my god you cry chill you
pranked me all the time oh my god don't
break my own birthday it's that time of
day
I believe please order pizza
yeah what do you what happened what are
you doing I need to shit what I don't
think you'll play Dewey I'm not gonna
let you play The Witcher oh man you
thought it'd be funny to mess with me
Michael stop it are you getting pissed
all right I'm sorry I'll stop yeah oh
wait usually Cajal else connected yeah
yeah I think I'll be playing - what
you're actually No
all right there you go whoa my okay you
know what doc so right now Bridget's
actually in there playing The Witcher
the freaking thing I guess I gotta take
a new thing out so I figured now that
she's indisposed I could take the time
to talk to you guys
whatever they're planning so the reason
number one that I don't like getting
pranked on my birthday it's not that I
don't like getting pranked on my
birthday I don't like ever getting
pranked I just don't like being bothered
on my birthday because I don't know how
you guys like birthdays but I hate them
it's another year that you're older and
I don't like thinking about that kind of
stuff so I don't really celebrate
birthdays and usually on my birthday I
like to just sit in my bed and chill I
don't really care about getting presents
and I don't really you know I do love
when people say happy birthday bad I do
enjoy because you know that is an
affection of love I guess and that kind
of you know I like homemade stuff and
but I don't like really being bothered
by them on my birthday so usually on my
birthday I'll just sort of chill and so
when I hear that they're planning a
prank on my birthday she says it's
surprise party I don't believe it I
don't think you guys believe it either
when I feel like she's planning
something on the day that I hate the
most first of all it's more
disrespectful more disrespectful than a
regular prank but it it's one of those
things it's like I don't like I don't
know they're planning something so I
feel like I need to have my guard up so
I might not even sleep at night because
dad seems to like to wake me up
on my birthday I might not go to sleep
that night I might pull an all-nighter
I don't know I don't know if you guys
have any idea let me know in the
comments and I don't like it though
I'm trying to be the answer you my
muting that so I don't know dramatic
which or music king rather it beyond
okay that's gonna be happy
alright that's gonna be it for today you
guys thanks for watching long vlog today
actually pretty long blog Frank Bridget
a few time I think I won though the last
print you got to turn this music off now
I love it please one blog over then much
better
music gone thank you it's like getting
more dramatic corny out really come on
anyway pretty long vlog I think I won by
the way my freaking made you think I was
having a heart attack because you think
today's the last day I was full set but
I do actually want pizza yeah me too I
want pizza and I want to play Witcher
yes my day is over I'm meant to go
upstairs watch TV Oh watch me fly yeah
we've got talent comes on did I might
need your help
I don't know how hard it is I'm not
playing this I might you know I'm gonna
get out of here thanks for watching you
guys pretty long day thanks for watching
ha feels good to get hourly vlog up for
once
I know holy quiet this never happened I
said like like subscribe favorite I all
start this vlog the end holy crap well
it's over favorite you say or fall
where's your everything for to us and
that's it I love here is so much click
like if you like the longer vlog
is done turning I may know
what her dad you're talking we can't
talk whatever freaking camera keeps
fogging up wanna tell me my dad was here
well he just want to talk
yeah I heard something about birthday
cake yeah buy the cake we had yes even
Jacob that was a pretty cake all right
you guys wanted to see it so here this
and how it happened
oh I don't like this I don't even think
this should be an end Club it is an
input I think it should be in the vlog
tough shit it's it ain't quick Oh anyway
I having a cookie dough now is going to
marry daddy okay you happy oh you guys
are gonna do the window part man and
this part you were silent you know you
just couldn't hear me I was a silent oh
really
yes I'm Sydney oh I had a blank face to
pretend I'm at the glass or you dare I
don't see it but you go outside do it oh
my but you know you actually have a
shirt on not doing it I swear
