dad and Bridget are outside talking
right now and I think it's about me
I just fucking got up if anybody knows
how to read lips please tell me what
he's saying
well the other play the prank I her Tina
what are you talking about
what yeah you know what I heard yeah
you're talking we can't talk
oh you weren't even a tell freaking
camera keeps fogging up you were gonna
tell me my dad was here well he just
wanted to talk hmm yeah I heard
something about birthday cake yeah buy
the cake we had yes Eva Jacob that was a
pretty cake yeah and it was so good and
it was delicious you almost think I'm
stupid I know you're planning my
freaking planning a prank on me no
birthday I don't know what it is I don't
either
I I know but I haven't told him yet
tickle tickle under check okay that's
unfair when is your birthday next month
next one see I gotta hold my plane your
goddamn birthday all we're doing is
talking about God and the birthday party
yesterday
no birds you never said you were here I
know the freaking deal I woke up well
wish those are you in there taking a
crab's you were at night all your dad
here I was asleep
why can't we just talk why is that such
an issue I know the plan you're planning
my friend I don't know what you talked
about really make over not do well I was
filling your mouth and if somebody can
read lips I'm gonna figure out what you
said ah tell you that and your day is
right I don't know Oh Memorial Day yep
you want to say something good think
it's funny is funny
should I read lips you got your mind
somebody read those lips like Oh nobody
is pranking you you're no fun to pray
uh-huh what read his lips you read that
that cleared it you what's going on you
guys
KITT be on a camera here vigils here
right there and today is Memorial Day so
first things first I want to take a
moment to say thank you to all the men
and women of our armed forces everything
that you guys do we appreciate it
my grandfather was in World War two her
grandfather was in World War two
oh so you had a purple heart so thank
you guys for everything you do for our
freedoms and we greatly appreciate it
today is Monday and today I've got to be
honest I'm skeptical about what you and
dad were doing out there don't be
skeptical it's birthday related I know
it
I heard Jake we'll talk about that in a
few minutes I don't want to discuss what
I just saw nope I'm Aaron oide
so paranoid should be even I read those
over the top that was just too much
I call it middle I feel salted okay I'm
not gonna give you that one so anyway
today is Monday if you didn't see the
video we put up last night I woke
grandpa's ass up with an electric guitar
and that better be the only prank that
happens this week oh it is okay so that
better be the only no you don't take the
camera out of my hands okay you got a
freaking tell these people oh you've got
to be joking
no I don't say anything I'm saying it
then so last month
show them the clip Oh God you show them
okay last month when I did a Ghost Box
video this happened this was it was this
one this happy
was it this mom yeah like May's third or
side whatever this happened now Bridget
has been freaked out all month because
she thought 29 days left means she's
gonna die tomorrow what if I die what if
you die now she was crying last night
and I now that'll mean the part you guys
saw him vlog and actually that might
have had something to do with it it was
oh my god are you serious is that what
you're crying
yeah she was crying in bed the night
before and trying to explain to her the
ghost box thing is a complete I don't
wanna say it's a joke but I believe in
it it is real guys I don't know what it
is just I think it's called near enough
disorder where we make it fit because we
think but if a ghost was talking to us
it's not gonna tell you you're gonna die
it's gonna freaking tell you about other
shit what it cares about my god they're
dead they care about death no they don't
their day no they're dead they don't got
time to go fuck around with our problems
should I do on my last day alive get me
something good to eat because I can't
drive on my birthday so I need my
birthday dinner 9 alright let's go D
could you don't really think you're
gonna die for I mean I don't know but
I'm not freakin driving anywhere
tomorrow well I don't blame you it's
just cuz I don't want to leave the house
so I'll take I'm not doing that I'm not
doing shit Bridget I'm a play which are
the Bridget first of all you're not
playing that I'm a good tool eat the
witch or say come on you can't put me
through this now listen listen here's
what any of that listen you're not gonna
die because the Ghost Box said so you
better be bright like my god and they
wouldn't die anytime soon so I got a
name this vlog Bridget think she's gonna
die like denardis duty did I already
call a vlog that Bridget thought she was
dying mijo it's not gonna happen
oh no you're hyperventilating dude I'm
gonna film this don't I'm gonna film it
why do you think something's gonna
happen
I don't know as long as I believe in it
go outside to get some air let's talk
about your dad cuz I gotta know what was
going on okay okay what were you guys
talking about
Michael nothing he just came over he
brought me dr. pepper I heard something
about cake and I heard Tina now I know
it's something about Marina
we wanted to surprise you with what what
the regular cake and Tina was invited
but you kind of freaking ruin so it's a
surprise party yeah well it's supposed
to be but I guess now you know so we're
just gonna have a regular birthday party
well good I don't like freaking surprise
it's not decided if it's gonna be here
or at your dad's though you kind of
interrupted I gotta be honest I feel
like this is like a lie I'm gonna buy it
for now it's not a lie Michael I know
how you get on your birthday's so I just
really wanted to do something special
for you
I think she's full of shit people I'm
not somebody your eyes says lying all
through no it doesn't please guys if you
can read lips tell me what was being
said like I feel like part of me feels
like you might be being honest the other
part of it feels like I'm being fucking
blade nobody's playing you Michael
listen you're talking no one's playing
you Michael that makes you feel like
yeah I'm being played well okay so your
dad was thinking maybe maybe we should
prank you but I was like no not this
year not this year because he gets
really sound in his birthday and I know
he's gonna be real sad this year so
let's just not do it so then I
discovered well hmm
what about a surprise party I consider
that a prank okay come on it's not
that's a prank if you get wings
planning a surprise party I like
surprised okay
is that what's happening yes I'm your
guy you will genuine at this point I'm
gonna give me some new body spray
I'll put on some of this Wow oh you're
dropping on conscious stuff anyway body
spray - oh suckle even play around watch
stop it stop it
I don't think she will come out of it
let's go hold on help me is it is it
noticeable very light it's all in did
you see spray on yeah fuck why would you
just I thought yeah this girl if I had
to pull something know what was just
dude I don't think I don't see only wasp
spray yes that's exactly it
I want to spread more these glaze no
Michael no sprayed myself with wasp
spray man I hope there's a chemical
reaction would there be there could be
Michael so stop it okay right now I
apologize if the Lighting's all screwed
up because with the fluorescent tube up
there but I had to I had to pretty vlog
this cumshaw and Michael okay so you
think that something's gonna happen
tomorrow maybe even the last day of you
being alive maybe you okay so we went to
Walmart to pick out bridges last meal
she picked ballpark chicken patties
frozen microwavable chicken patty
Michael they're good as your last meal I
mean yes two holes chopped house maybe
well I don't think you want to go there
tonight still it's all rainy a shit
yeah the only reason I don't want to go
this knowest a girl
okay stop filming this is stupid I got
food to cook I cannot believe this is
happening
quiet you don't believe it this much I
go to celebrate my last day of life so
this for me or you for me
what what yeah what those they celebrate
my birthday early no I'll be honest I
thought that was my piece I mean if you
want it don't forget it
good bye Bridget to you good bye Bridget
to you
The Ghost Box said tomorrow was your
last day
good bye Bridget crazy cuz it ain't
happening guys why your candy and it
freaking better not have a lot the
candle just being honest
I thought her lighting that little piece
of cheesecake was celebrating my
birthday before she's gone it was just
again whore one last slice of cheesecake
well yeah I mean come on
chocolate cheesecake probably my
favorite cheesecake is it yeah
I don't usually like tooth cake well
that's almost eight for today you guys
but before I got out of here uh when
grandpa was here earlier he wanted to
say some words about Memorial Day so
check this out this is grandpa talking
about Memorial Day and what it means to
him today I met a guy named cooter name
is GRU name was Gary but his name's
cooter I was get a pack of cigarettes
and he was coming as a grandfather he
doing I notice the back of his car he
had I had a license plate at a Purple
Heart on it I the man that you'll call
he's a yeah and he told me I got it and
what I found out he was in the service
and he got a Purple Heart for taking it
for taking a bomb through the window in
a huh me humbie over an Iraq I had to
say man thank you you know there's so
many people to walk around they see
these they see people in military I
don't they do good I think it just you
know you know Palooza correct one thank
you thank you for your service they want
to shake their hands you know if you're
gonna do that
mean it
actually tell that guy man thank you so
much what you did thank you so much for
giving up part of your life doctor to
take care of me and to keep me safely my
freedoms and other country's freedoms
and thank you so much how would you use
think about military every day not just
one day a year but for the families of
the Fallen thank you so much what you
gave I think about them I think about
him every day because I love my military
young uns y'all mean the world to me
trust me I love you open my heart and
thank you all I think about my dad he
was in World War two and and and things
that he's into he endured I think about
my uncle that I love we can lost in the
war we think about him I'm gonna end
this one thing god Bless America god
bless our military and I love you guys
so much thank you for what you're doing
just thank you so much
well that's gonna be it for today you
guys thanks for watching had a pretty
good day as it walked in on you guys
planning a prank or nobody is I'm still
on edge about it I have somebody can
read lips tell me what it's hangouts
doing anyway I don't know I don't know
what to think I'm really not doing okay
they don't believe you and neither do I
I'm gonna get out of here thanks for
watching sighs man I'm gonna get out of
here thanks for watching you guys it is
some in your eyes that tells me it's
bullshit I'm gonna get out of here
thanks for watching you guys
pretty good day aside from that shit I'm
gonna get out of here happy Memorial Day
of course the chicken sandwiches were
good Monday night we're all still on I'm
gonna go finish that but I'm gonna get
out of here thanks for watching you guys
like subscribe favorite I meant
everything for toys
and what are they help - yeah
wake up good morning wait okay the
shorts were breaking yeah
