what's going on you guys Kibby out a
camera here vigils - yeah right there
and today is Sunday and today we're
going over to grandpa's because today is
my nephew Jacobs birthday and if you
can't tell we're starting the vlog off
at 7 o'clock at night it's not 7 o'clock
and I get this it is 11 o'clock in the
morning right now and the reason it
looks like this is because we were hit
with a tropical storm and it's been
raining all day all night it's
ridiculous are we even you'll be able to
go over to Dad's well yeah it ate porn
now Haim oh we want to go on the
interstate with this not really it
drizzles and people here wreck I don't
know her driving this yeah her whole
neck doing that I hurt my neck doing
that skit if you didn't see the video we
put up yesterday we went over to
Grandpa's house and I woke his ass up
with an electric guitar it was a wake up
pray I gotta stop touching my God says
it was a wake up prank gosh it was so
funny if you haven't seen it check out
the link below real whip literally it
has been uploaded yet I say like all the
videos on it will be by the time you see
this though my neck is killing me I'm
gonna do a first look though bridge it
was they it's already happened by this
point
oh yeah by now it's already happened so
we don't get a thing I don't like this
intro you're making me mad oh let's get
them let's go to grandpa's house we'll
celebrate my Matthews birthday you know
what stop so the other day when I prank
Bridget in the shower a lot of people
are asking me about this and I turn it
into vlog but I guess some of them
didn't see it oh yeah this is Bridget
don't make me do it
you gotta reenacted not on Jacobs
birthday vlog and we can't do it
tomorrow either because it's Memorial
Day let's reenact it today Tuesday right
now Tuesday fine we're gonna do it
Tuesday I'm gonna reenact it when I did
cookie dough and I wrote on the frickin
door and now that I feel it's time to
eat
I'm gonna eat a whole block of cheese
that cool
I don't care oh you don't care what my
help huh you won't listen to me anyways
hey me that block of cheese hello
Canada playing comical for that he
forgot about Kansas I'm gonna give
candle like a cake mm-hmm all rise apart
here yes a here yeah this is the face I
want the smile oh wow Oh macho awesome
at roses Easter Bunny
I get really cool the Easter Bunny has
to be the best boy that one of their is
like impossible to find is it really I
give up ringside collectibles Wow you
happy yes oh yeah number two ain't gonna
die today
it's a Ghostbuster box what's in it
there's the clasp right Nick Oh what is
that
all right beat Padre the one features
the wait what no way why got him some
beeps oh my congratulate your falafel
ours say weird yeah your own computer
your very own computer we thought about
getting you a laptop but we know you'll
destroy it no yeah oh it's broke
oh man goodness got your dog's interview
you happy you want some cake each one
again you Peter for a while
weird a guy named Gary well Jacob had a
pretty good birthday party they did so
how you feeling alright
you better go I'll be leaving soon don't
worry but everybody's going on what
you're gonna not everybody gone
listen you don't gonna be so snappy okay
I told you out to you today you're back
in the house I'm gonna leave because I
don't want you to threaten to move out
again
I am moving up by okay you still piss on
Go Go you're still pissed about the
camera huh I don't care for mom fo what
what is it with a camper you have a home
I want a tiny house why oh god don't say
you one of those tiny houses yeah so you
me get you one of those like shed houses
put in the backyard no I would haul
around with me ah
no good well Jamie had a good birthday
everybody had a good food gone how about
this a little bit Kermit the Frog on his
head ripped off I know but you are my
sunshine my only sunshine you make me
happy when skies are gray I go home
oh don't see metal bird she hates that
song you are my sunshine my only
sunshine please don't take my sunshine
away pretty sad song your doggy me my
dog belong he's so little
pick up I want to I want to compare I'll
be the one I'm doing you tell me a good
idea yeah you big enough for a minute
hi what's this one's name again forgot
who boo and I'm scalped let's go all
scholars we picked up come here yet hey
baby
nope I know if you want to clip beefy on
boob you got any classic you want me to
play for you classics yeah I'm like a
tough heart if you didn't see the video
we put up last night I woke grandpa I
would key lessons man oh that's not my
guitar anyway so take a listen I'm
thinking about getting a guitar though
I'm taking lessons oh my god I thought
that's all we need cause if I could take
lessons then I'm a really great girl
with some music Bobby jam that I Robin I
thought you were really good
oh now we know she just lies to me dad
sucka sucka oh you know what you
actually do lie what uh I'm sleeping in
a car yeah that's true you did lie to us
Eve I want a tiny house I'll admit I
thought you were sleeping in the car for
a little bit I never
that she never believed you Hey yeah
okay I got a question what so you did
all this because you want a camper yeah
you bought a car but now we're a boat
Oh think about that for a second you
bought a car yeah we just get a camper
what why don't just get a camper you got
a I don't know what boat now
oh god you want everything about a boat
I just give in catch the fish be outrun
men dead
nothing Burgess dad as a boat broke well
I guess he did but Dad knows more than
we do about it it broke down you boys
having fun
it's so funny there's a TV here TV here
TV in your room dad's got the gaming
house
Joey Game Stop or something this game
gets her hip workers games on pair
corporal Jacob talk to the buddy ah
killin junior I got his attention oh my
god
happy birthday Jacob thank you how old
are you now six I thought y'all night
isn't Jacob seven hey you're seven Jacob
oh you're nine
he didn't we entertainer he's like this
stop he has no province security he
doesn't care
well that's gonna be it for today you
guys thanks for watching we're home had
a pretty good day
Jacobs birthday was success happy
birthday Jacob love you buddy
good day I was a pretty good day I'm
pretty good day if you haven't seen the
vlog the vlog the video we posted check
it out below I woke grandpa's asked up
with a guitar that was a lot of fun I
was really hilarious I was a lot of fun
to do do me a favor
what
okay you guys my birthday is what this
week Thursday listen listen please I'm
asking now nicely please don't prank me
on my birthday
please don't why would I do that cuz I
don't trust I'm pretty sure dad threw a
cake on me last year I think you to take
over the year before I don't know our
I'm traumatized don't let him throw cake
on me you you're traumatized how about
pretending that who cares what your
surprise party oh I'm gonna get out here
please don't prank me you are my
sunshine I'll sing the Johnny Cash way
you are my sunshine my only sunshine you
make me happy when skies are gray oh my
god you see she sang the song I say go
back and now she's crying
so you're crying right why it's trying
to make you sad and you make yourself
sad oh my good well this they in a shit
for Bridget well that's good oh my god
Bridget
all good it's so sad
like subscribe favorite film at
everything Bridget was please don't
break before birthday man we'll see I'm
not making any promises
wake up
