what's going on you guys kid me I'm
actually scratching my back here wonder
what I'm doing well sure sure you are
sure what why would ask me a bud
yeah cuz I'm gonna do this to scratch my
ass my ass on my back always got it
guru dude first of all trust you but
what's going while you guys kid beyond a
camera here vigilance to you right there
and today we don't do that shit together
today is Saturday and today we're not
gonna do anything we're gonna chill
we're gonna watch TV because it's all
leading up till tonight when I go over
to grandpa's house and I wake his ass up
tonight grandpa's getting pranked that
videos going up tomorrow if you didn't
see the vlog that I put yesterday I
found out what Dad was planning he
wanted me to think he was sleeping in
the car so he could get a camper I
texted my brother
we talked we're gonna do a trade-off
where I gave him the ps4 and he texts me
and tells me when dad goes to bed and
I'm gonna go over there I'm prank him so
Charles he's all drone dad out so feel
good about it yeah he should you should
have you should have been on my side all
along so anyway he's gonna tell me when
dad falls asleep tonight I'm going over
and I'm gonna wake his ass up so anyway
I don't wanna do a long intro I want to
cut it short let's stop this right now
let's get this Saturday started I'm
ready for tonight I'm ready for tonight
more why is your breast thing you know
that's you that ain't me no I almost
melt when you get close you smell like a
but a but you'll just you wish you've
said but now twice go go boy smell your
frigging boy whatever let's get this
Saturday started don't say butts all I
can feel like you want to do so right
now the weather out here is freakin
terrible and I pretty sure it's only
gonna get worse for you I'm so annoyed
not like storming it's just annoying
rain no it's sores so we actually have a
storm on the way over to us right now I
don't know if it has a name it's like a
tropical depression or something but
anyway it's gonna hit us and they're
saying is gonna be like 80 miles an hour
I don't know how much well there's maybe
some lightning some thunder and that's
what they're talking about why do you
want all that I don't know I like it
you are a liar you're you're scared of
everything
and also you want lightning and no power
okay I want power but I want lightning
and thunder man I'm cool what that's
more real but that's more like it
anyway horrible weather chillin wait
until tonight this is just huh this is
one of those miserable days where what
else is there to watch rain and get
tired I know I wanted to the now so a
lot of you have been asking me recently
what was bridges big prank that we were
gonna pull on grandpa while he's
sleeping in the car I can't talk about
it because we still might do it in the
future and I don't want to know what it
is but we're gonna do it it was good I
just can't talk about it I can't wait to
do it
Oh yawning am i boring you I'm so tired
I wanted to get a nap where's the camera
okay my filming me mmm
boy he's so funny it was a prank come on
just get in the house dude it's raining
I'm worried about you you're so worried
we're so worried you should go inside
you know what what would get you out of
there
is there anything like bigger that you
would want do you want to sleep in
something like besides a car what if you
had to leave the car where would you
sleep
what I'm gonna do it I wish you'd go in
wait okay
I mean well I'm saying guys i don't you
sleep in the car cause you gonna hurt
your back do you want how about
something else why don't you just go in
though Graham get wet goodbye hey wait I
was trying to give it a admit to the
camper hey how do I got you just try
again
how're you word it I don't think he
understood II the first time I really
want him to admit it dude that would be
so epic okay so I just talked to you but
now you're not gonna answer the phone I
guess you're busy singing in the rain so
call me back I'm trying to figure out
how to get you out of that car and back
into the house cuz I know you're
sleeping in the car how come you're not
answering me why don't want you to go
inside and sleep on your bed we just
want you to go inside welcome Dan you
know the storm will hit your mobile and
some wind rain your fault I hope your
car doesn't blow away dad yeah it's a
car what who's talking he's talking
about that camper just go sleep inside
I'm enjoying a god damn economy all
right if you hang up I won't call you
back yeah neck God not that boy you
wanted to call me bitch and you know it
don't call me black goodbye it's raining
I'm not ever sunlight am I give me at
least
sleeping back in you're drunk goodbye
yes damn again I all right I knew it I
was waiting for the drop about the
camera dude dad come on
that was really funny you oh man holy
shit we gotta wake his ass up tonight we
needed to hash back and forth some ideas
all right I like grandpa's getting woke
up tonight I got it so we get some
liquid as it was sprayed in this face we
don't have any liquid ass you know any
any amazon options that are one minute
delivery otherwise we can't do that
unless I take an actual bag of shit and
I'm not gonna do that shit we have a lot
of shit in the backyard
come on you want to come on I know
you're joking with that hey you can put
actual shit on
yes I'm joking come on I just want to
wake his ass up straight for I don't
know offense come on pop I don't know
fats huh well we can't do another hop on
pop I need some brain food I need I need
your thing I do too you thinking what
I'm thinking
BK oh it's raining you're just now
noticing the right I think when I'm
being rained on
Oh dr. pepper shake you should try it
then why would you say it wouldn't you
want to get it I'm just maybe it's
bizarre so as I told you guys I need
brain food for my prank oh my gosh we
are not promoting Burger King by the way
okay you should be sleeping
electric-guitar
oh my god oh my god your dad sure the
knacks your dad's here with an axe give
me a big headache hey come on dude why
I'm sorry yeah
taking a freaking nap I never get a nap
well what's home is it like uh I don't
know fuck okay by 15 yeah people in
flavor like 20 minutes you got it yeah
Jenny I sleep now
no that's gonna be it for today you guys
thanks for watching
gonna go over to grandpa's house in a
few hours wake his ass up Oh oh my god
I'm so excited not entirely sure what
we're gonna do Ella I just know I'm
gonna wake them up soon very soon
he sleeps early hopefully anyway I'm
gonna stop with all this right now time
to weigh grandpa's ass up thanks for
watching you guys like subscribe
favorite fun everything for Joey and
that's it
I love you guys come on Olivia uh let
guys so much love in your shop so much
more this is 3/5 yeah well it ain't
manners are same but get your candy and
they're fast and they confiscated her so
it is also not like you know peopie
don't talk
