what is going on with grandpa's tree you
guys am i doing something wrong like is
this normal dad I'm trying to keep this
thing going but I don't know dude I
don't know what's wrong with it well dad
just coming out here to say a little
something just you know tell you
everybody's doing
Tina's running her mouth again sorry to
bring you a drama kids are doing good in
school and we're just trying to make it
we're just day by day hard to know the
haters right now you know the whole look
him using his dad again that's not what
I'm doing
what up Clyde
okay well now I know why the trees dying
Claude
that wasn't right dad loved you guys I
know what the haters are gonna say you
know look at him using his dad again
that's what they've been saying and
frankly it's pretty disgusting what else
am I gonna talk about this is my father
you'll just get it if you can get over
your father's death and like a month
well then did you ever really love him
to begin with that's that's that's the
question okay no I'm gonna be dealing
with this for a long time but why is the
tree like that is it because it Clyde
peeing on it should I make him stop fine
everybody we're gonna go talk about
stuff let's go up open the porch okay we
got to talk what's going on you guys
keep behind the camera here now this
isn't the official intro but before we
actually do the intro I wanted to take a
second right here at the beginning of
the vlog to talk about what's gonna
happen with the Tina video now I did it
uh you know if you haven't seen it I
uploaded a video yesterday updating
everybody on everything that happened
with Tina and that means I included a
diss track that I was gonna make against
sir audio clips of her talking about us
videos of grandpa and us preparing a
video guess if you haven't seen it go
check it out below the link is below
it's a really good video we did to just
sort of catch you up with everything
that's going on with Tina because I'm
confronting her guys I have to confront
Tina
enough is enough she's been doing all
this about us and she won't stop she's
been driving by our house I just got to
go say something to her so this is what
this is about
guys I'm supposed to do the video today
to upload it tomorrow however I've got a
lot of business stuff that I got going
on and I can't do it today
so the video is not gonna be uploaded on
Friday however I am gonna be doing it
Saturday and the video will now be going
up on Sunday because I want to do this
the right way I want to show up and I
want to have a real conversation with
or she'll throw us out of the trailer
park I don't know whatever happens
happens
either way that videos coming Saturday
you guys I didn't want to make everybody
wonder where it was tomorrow and
uploaded guys tomorrow I can't do it but
I am Saturday Tina we're gonna have a
conversation what's going on you guys
keep you out of camera here oh I see
Yeah right there in today is Thursday
and today is of course throwback
Thursday and you guys I got a big story
for you something that you've never
heard before something that frankly I'm
surprised I've never told before a
really really hilarious story and I
don't tell you what it is yet of course
it's probably the title of the vlog you
know truthfully I'm pretty sure I know
what the story is and I just gotta say
told you so
she told me she said don't listen to me
back in 2012 I shoulda it was before
2012 2010 maybe it was a while a long
long time ago a lot longer than before
look I don't I don't want to ruin it
guys that's later throwback Thursday
today is Thursday and I had a question
for you actually what what happened to
dad's little memorial tree um it froze
so what does that mean why is it all
like yellow I mean it looks like a fall
tree oh come back no I think it's
because of cloud p.m. on it so you think
that's why it's yellow yes
he's compete what he's peed on the roots
he's turning it yeah it was the snow the
snow did it I don't know what all this
there's trees by our pole that are like
the same color quad people them too guys
Danny let me know in the comments
section why the trees yellow because
that was dad's little memorial tree and
it makes me mad
oh I'll come back baby I promise guys in
a few minutes we're gonna break right
into the throwback Thursday story but
first yeah we're making a smoothie
blueberry kale smoothie coming up come
on you make it every morning why do I
gotta make it all of a sudden cuz I want
you to teach everyone how to do it I
don't know how to do it why don't you
just do it cuz I want you to learn what
if something happens to me you know and
you don't know how to make us a frickin
smoothie for yourself if something
happens to you I think my smooth it is
Rover I'm going to the Chinese buffet
I'm going I'm gonna be so depressed I've
lost my dad and now my frickin best
friend hello
forget smoothie okay nothing's gonna
happen to me baby I'm do this thing you
see you should know how to do some
things alright so first step what is
this just ice and like ice water yeah
ice and Fiji water no you didn't yeah
you're not what Fiji water if I Fiji
water in it it has a good pH level we're
not teaching people to do that okay just
use tap water tap water it has like a
chemical flavor it's weird like started
happening after the snow are you serious
Imran or water be drinking it even a
glass of tap water last night what's
gonna happen I think the tap waters
fines our fridge water that's not fine
and then that's like tap and a filter
and I think I think it's the filter I
don't know the first step is not Fiji
water okay you guys if you've got tap
water refused it okay where ours is just
dangerous so dangerous enough yeah
that's good okay I also made um you like
half a gallon of water with Fiji water
this is too expensive
okay that's too expensive good for you
it has a good pH what's our Butler came
here okay
what's next at the care how much I tell
you it's that much kale that's got any
plenty I'm just drinking a frickin
vegetable shake that's gotta be at night
yeah that's enough I feel like it's too
much I'll be honest I'll pack it down
what next
blueberries how much a lot as much as
you want
although the whole damn thing of
blueberries Michael I can't fit I just
you know you just tell me when be
hard-headed now add some honey all right
no whole sweetener for my man cuz you're
so picky how much I should be good all
right now um coconut oil
what coconut oil I'm not adding oil
Michael add the oil
you cook with the way I can add this
Michael it's fine oh my smells good but
I can't I can't eat with this yes you
Karen all right guys died over a boil
now how much oil dwell a spoon no that's
perfect
this is all Eagle Michael it's fine I
promise
all right now twist the top off okay are
you can tell my shoes next do you know
how I think cuz for the last few years
you just got me to do it so let's go to
faculy now they just bring that up all
right just pop it on pop it on baby
oil Michael just don't
who's a diarrhea bro
dude the one you made me with blue babe
oh come on no way yeah you always like
it when I make them smell it smells
normal that's normal
yeah it's it smells like freakin
vegetables and fruit as well except
aquatics I know it's something you're
not used to I don't take the camera
please all right Oh God it does look fun
nasty what did you do you must oh yeah
all your instructions but mine never
looks like septic water
this is disgusting I'll never drink
another one again I did something wrong
I'm never eating another smoothie again
ever
y-yeah guys please give us some smoothie
recipes we need help this is we need
help
smoothie recipes below guys it is
officially time for a little bit of
throwback Thursday
that's almost gonna be a pretty day you
guys but before I get out of here
I promised you at the beginning of the
vlog that I was gonna tell you a
throwback Thursday story and not only
did I promise I was gonna tell a
throwback Thursday story but I promised
a big throwback Thursday story I promise
when you've never heard before and
frankly one that I'm kind of surprised
that I never told and the truth is it
just didn't occur to me guys this is the
story of the first time that I met Tina
and a lot of you people are gonna be
surprised to find out that the first
time that I met Tina was not during the
fourth of July video are you sorry sorry
for wha get your name ma'am god damn
Tina oh right yeah I don't
yeah that is not the first time that I
met Tina the first time that I met Tina
was actually through Bridget now that
was the first time that grandpa met Tina
because he had just recently moved to
Creekside and found out that his
neighbor was a complete lunatic however
Bridget knew that she was a lunatic long
before that guys Bridget is actually
best friends with Tina's niece and they
met when Bridget lived in Creekside with
her mom
and Bridget hated Tina from the very
beginning Bridge eased always warned me
like if you meet my friend Amanda I
don't want you to meet her and she's
completely out of her mind and I hate
her
in Bridget hated her dude like seriously
Bridget had real hate for Tina and I
didn't really understand why I guess
because I had it matter at the time but
I was like Bridget there's no way she
can be as loudmouth and crazy as my
father okay you've met him
angry grandpa ring a bell there was no
way that this woman could be as crazy as
him wrong
Tina was absolutely out of her freaking
mind now I go to Creekside and I'm
hanging out with you know Cindy and
we're having a good time and having a
good dinner and Bridget was like hey
want to go meet my friend Amanda and I'm
like sure absolutely I love meeting new
people so we walked down to Amanda's
house and they're hanging out in the
front yard and everybody's having a good
time and we're talking and joking and
then a car pulls up now I had no clue
what was coming break it was like oh god
no she's here and I didn't know who she
was talking about who's here and out
comes Tina and she's carrying a bag of
groceries and we're all just standing on
her front porch and she stops and the
first thing that she says that she looks
at me and says who else is fat that was
the very first thing that Tina ever said
to me and I had to censor it because of
the ad pocalypse but she was vulgar and
I was like oh hi I'm Michael bridges
boyfriend
oh damn Bridget I don't think you'd
never get a man get off my porch you fat
fuck no I'll be honest with you guys for
a second I chickened out okay clearly
this woman is totally deranged
she met me two seconds ago when she's
already calling me names so obviously
she has no problem shocking me in the
face if she wants to so I was just like
I'm gonna get off the porch nice - nice
to meet you ma'am and she goes back
inside she has a snarling like look on
her face as she goes in and we don't see
her again
so we're having a good time we're
continuing our you know our conversation
on the ground this time in front of the
porch and that goes on for about five
minutes and then she returns now this
time she's holding a plate of food it
looks like Hamburger Helper or you know
Hamburger Helper or something and she's
sort of leaned against her doorframe
eating it looking at me and she's got
this look like clearly she doesn't trust
me
like when you're meeting an evil dog for
the first time and it's trying to
understand if like you're there to
attack the family she didn't trust me
and she's just looking at me and she
turns her attention to Bridget
so while Bridget you need told me on a
boyfriend and bridges taught Jim you
know Bridget's responding to her they're
having a little conversation I'm not
even paying attention I'm so
thunderstruck that this is happening to
begin with that I'm sort of glazed over
in memory I'm just sort of looking off
into the distance and then I'm brought
back to reality when Tina starts yelling
again and she's just going and I look
and she takes that plate of fluid the
food and throws it like a frisbee at
some stranger who's walking down the
street and the neighborhood and she
takes off on the porch and she just gets
the hell out of there no I'm like okay
she just disrespected me she threw I
feel like she took the food at me I want
to get the hell out of here to hell with
this let's Bridget
can we go nice to meet you Amanda I
walked back to Cindy's house went home
told Dad about the crazy woman that I
met and had no clue that a couple of
years later he was gonna be moving next
door to her so imagine my surprise when
we're doing the 4th of July video she
starts yelling over the fence and runs
up on dad with a
anger and I was like that's her guys
that was the first time that I met Tina
I was on her porch she yelled at me she
cussed me out made me feel like a piece
of crap and made me kind of understand
why Bridgette hated her so much outro
well that's gonna be a pretty day you
guys thanks for watching
Bridge is actually asleep right now so
I'm doing the outro without her I just
want to take a second to you know tell
you guys thank you so much for watching
these vlogs like you've been you know
it's meant so much to me that you know
I've had you guys while everything went
down and to have you after everything
that happened I've been trying to get
better about dealing with my feelings
and my emotions and I've been trying not
to cry on vlog as much because I know
you guys don't want to see that all the
time and you know some people say that
you know oh you shouldn't be using your
dad's death to get views and it's
insulting that they would say that you
know number one I'm obviously gonna talk
about my father for a number of reasons
the most obvious being we did this
together this was his channel and it was
his plan to want to be remembered
forever so to sort of say oh learn
addressed that's insulting to his memory
and just I don't take those people
seriously because they're obviously
haters number two for people to say oh
you're just capitalizing when your
father's death you know I would love to
not be able to like have to make videos
about that I promise you I would
absolutely love it if I could talk about
anything else unfortunately that's what
was going on but I am gonna try that
just start to heal because depression
really sucks so guys I'm gonna get out
of here thanks for watching that was the
story of the first time that I met Tina
thanks for watching you guys hope you
have a good day like
subscribe favorite and that's it
