what's going on you guys get beyond a
camera here but joe st yeah right there
and today michael snotted all over his
shirts what
haha what what is that what is that good
I don't know what is it Bridget oh I
don't know he is it the cheese sauce oh
I made cheese sauce earlier that's what
that is okay full disclosure I'm
starting this vlog off at 11 o'clock at
night well okay guess who's fought it
walk away
I'm not okay I'm not starting the vlog
off 11 o'clock at night I started the
vlog earlier but bell Mike II forgot to
do in trouble I forgot to do an intro so
I had a whole day of vlogging including
getting cheese sauce on my shirt at some
point it was like oh anyway forget it
let's cut this and I don't want to do a
long intro we went to Dad's earlier it's
about to cut to light so we're gonna go
to that this was dad's house earlier
where Charles had my camera and he's
holding a hostage it was a shakedown
folks bullshit let's get this Monday
started tell me was that me follow mr.
peepers don't say that
where's the yeah where's the camera I've
got it put up where's it at this is like
a shakedown so everybody knows I don't
shake down when I see it come on man
he's also you really want to find out
you really want to catch that not being
sleeping in that car that man back yes
you know being lied to
I want to see you yeah really ain't
telling you to come over every night you
don't come over so
yeah you lucky I didn't break that thing
I was debating on wearing so many people
that wanted me to break it so yeah I
need the camera yeah even for the
freaking I don't even want the files on
it delete it I really want the files but
I need the camera it's expensive
don't delete the files really but
seriously I need that do need the camera
well what do I get
are you serious I told you on the way
here's a shape dude it's our camera hey
it was pretty crappy you're stealing
from lives not stealing one second
let's just see what not one else to say
alright so you're willing to let me call
the Popo chair Oh Polys what do you want
okay first of all how do I know you
didn't just destroy the camera dude I'm
not gonna fucking break
I'm like I'm not gonna ruin my fucking
bargaining chip you know I've got
something that you want just give it to
us
what you gonna give me see come on the
shapes down dude
hey it's nothing else this is a shake
that would tell me wait hiding cameras
isn't underhanded
okay it's not underhanded who knows how
long that thing was filming I don't know
yeah I'd like to know who knows how long
when did you find it what time did you
find it oof right before ecology when
was that like it only had like an hour
of battery on it so an hour so I want to
see the camera make sure to say four I
agree to do anything
I'll show you don't worry about it I
don't know I'm worried about it I want
to see it now we're gonna make some kind
of deal I want to see it come on baby
alright let's go show Bubba that net I
pick atop of his bluff
like me I noticed that's not the camera
the the car
his jacks his trucks moved he's not he's
on either me guy that he's inside
he's definitely I'm sure he'll show me
what me and my dog was gonna show you
what we got our our ace in the hole but
we left something here
look at him break the damn thing you
wouldn't do this and when people wanted
me to do it and it start plucking up
they've been driven possession is 9/10
not 9/10 of the law
my intent of the law Michael grab it
come on we're gonna fight first ladies
we can work this out like adults okay
what do you want
where is that his car is here where is
he I don't know
he's sleeping that fucking room right
now isn't he go look yet it's he's got
he's not in the car he's not in the back
we might be in the backyard where's that
he lit up
what do you want and why did he walk his
trucks here his cars here where is he
he went off with a friend oh wait wait
this just what do you want what do I
want slave for a day huh are you adding
are you debate you sleep it and
something else I don't know you get one
thing come on
you know what as such a big invasion of
my privacy and and just sighs I feel so
bad say what you want you don't feel
violated you just know hate the camera
from ups for what he's got I want to put
eyes you want the camera all right
camera for ps4 this is bullshit dude
don't get given here you mediate again
yeah well yeah you're getting a ps4 out
of it what happens to that time that I
did I helped you
stand for smoking and you fit you turn
that around on me I'll give you a
thousand dollars we were in a hat so I
get a pair so first please then it would
be wouldn't you get it's gonna be a
trade off I'm gonna hand it to you at
the same time you're not I'm not gonna
let you take passport not give me the
camera
I'm not gonna do that to you we're gonna
we're gonna we're gonna do this like
gentlemen
who that's an expensive camera it's
worth that's more than the hammer cocks
yeah so say and so if it means that much
to you yeah it's my camera
let's just go my goal is who gonna try
to give me a GTA or any Bishop to Wyatts
yeah GTA Edition let's go can't look at
the camera cuz the Sun line now I can
barely see you so hopefully I'm filming
your face um anyway we just left dad's
house and Charles made it where seemed
like it wasn't a very good day it seemed
like it was a kind of a fucking shit day
however the day just got a little better
because we just got the first fucking
parking space at Walmart right the
little things people look at this it's
the little things that make me happy
this is the littlest thing that could
make me happy I've had such a horrible
day that this is exactly what I need it
well now that I'm home I'm gonna make
some chicken nuggets I'm not using any
specific style or recipe for these I'm
going for a cross between Wendy's and
McDonald's McDonald's has this like
crispy like what does that I don't know
the word I'm looking for where does that
shit called when they fry the vegetables
at the Japanese place tempura yeah I
don't like a tempura batter so I'm gonna
make something like that we're gonna
make some chicken freakin tenders so the
first thing we're starting off with some
ground chicken last time I made chicken
nuggets before I used actual chicken and
that was a mistake
ground chicken Tom poked into this
ground chicken mix I'm adding two eggs
salt
and some pepper yeah we're going to mix
it up really good
so this is what the mix looks like it's
kind of like a chicken paste and I know
people going oh my god so we've got this
chicken paste right here you're gonna
want to wet your hands because the
chicken will get all over your hands and
your really sticky you wait your hands
they will not stick to your hands so you
take a little bit of your paste take
just a little and you're going to take
it you're going to put it in your in a
mixture of cornstarch and flour
so let's do that after it's their shape
it however you want and to do that you
don't know after you do that you put it
on a plate you make a couple and then
you're going to pop these in the fries
okay now we're going to make the batter
part and I starting with two eggs now
we're going to add flour and cornstarch
half and half half flour half cornstarch
onion powder garlic and herb kosher salt
black pepper a little bit of cayenne
pepper not much cuz that's spicy shit a
little bit of mustard I know people are
gonna go what the hell mustard and a
little bit of this Perry air Perrier
whatever the hell it's called pour that
in there a little club soda we're gonna
mix this together boy now we're gonna
start whisking this together we want
kind of like a pancake batter like a
thin very loose pancake batter I should
use the mixer but I don't want to clean
the freaking things anyway so right now
the chicken nuggets are freezing and I
wanted to take a minute to talk about
what happened at dads because you're
probably wondering if we got the ps4 no
I'm thinking I'm wondering if I want the
footage bad enough let me know in the
comments what you think should I get him
the ps4 for the camera so I can hear
what they said about because they
obviously said something and part of me
is already satisfied that I know he's
sleeping he's obviously sleeping in the
house because that's why he wants to
keep the footage Michael
we need the camera I agree but is it for
the camera sake or for what's on it
what's on it
I want to know what he said about me -
we need that camera do you want to know
what they said about you I want to know
what they said on us let us know what do
you think should we do this deal with
him should I hey should I know I can't
say that out loud because he watches
this I can't ask them that but should we
do this let me know in the comments so I
take it out of the freezer this is what
they look like I'm gonna try to peel one
off a plate because I kind of made up
fucked up a little bit but it makes it a
little easier to work with we got this
batter now you put it in there shake off
the excess put it in okay we're gonna
try one I'm not so sure about it I think
I feel about it no way yeah it's just
with the chicken like that
hottest fuck
it's good I just can't wrap my head
around the Franciscan see I don't know
find it bizarre I don't know I mean it's
it's different but I think it's because
we're used to like like baked chicken
let's take another pipe you like it
stick another bite I think it's bizarre
it it's not as nasty it's just the
consistency is weird to me
mm-hmm all right this frickin kitchen
was spotless thanks to me oh yeah so
let's just nugget what they're
disgusting Bridget I'm sorry
embarrassed well don't be I thought they
were fine let's pick them up
embarrass myself these are not doing
this hoping to be I thought it'd been
funny for the vlog it wasn't I'm sorry
if I offended anybody we're gonna eat
these are you staring at me
what's a woman's plate what is that I
don't know well open the garbage can I'm
missing Monday Night Raw to pick up
garbage off the ground these can still
be eaten yeah by you and you this is a
whole thing a cheese sauce anyway that's
gonna be it for today you guys thanks
for watching
ha we just got done with the intro by
the way I just I just did he interned
I'm doing the outro immediately yes
get like really confused like what's
going on look this is what happens we
forget to do an intro to a video so
anyway how about was today we cooked
went to Dad's Charlie wants a ps4 I'm
kind of annoyed by that I don't think
you should do a kind of annoyed that's
my camera dude yeah okay we have to do
it to get the camera let's do it
anyway I'm gonna get out of here thanks
for watching you guys what if there is a
ps4 at a pawn shop like your mess on my
head too much man why ain't company
ideas I know not all I can cram in at
one man like subscribe favorite your to
the bubble baby got baby peanut head not
me
