what do what I'm good what is that
calamari oh my come on that's disgusting
it's on a puss No Oh something you're
gonna have worms
you probably ready have worms that look
like worms what are you doing
I'm giving to have a dance this is the
most dangerous thing to you I thought
you got rid of that no I love it
Charlie making sure social so I don't
wanna kill that my new best toy I got
you creating one of those dangerous and
conversing gives them a little bottom II
Oh what are you doing Oh gnarly no way
that's really gross daughter's dance
Jesus
my gig Julia Oh beans you have to steal
it up don't 300 going to get to your dad
that's funny
oh my god oh just like every other hole
you've legs smells like fish in Sibiu
I'll go on it like the muscles but oh
god oh Jesus that fucker is no joke dad
that weapons dangerous please stop with
honky-tonk oh man it's gonna pop and
yeah please shrapnel throw up
so dad during the course of the freaking
corner challenge we couldn't get the
drill bit door so he made a drill bit
Cheryl I can't get out air what leave I
thought we were just joking around you
stayed you can come on I'm not any good
I'm terrified of this thing yeah tell me
oh yeah how do I not door so I can't
even think of throw it out
raising tests for you you know about
testicles so much food you you don't
know anything about testicles will
you'll have me I love this I don't
remember well yeah ready Oh Billy hmm
you're scaring that I think it is
so these gonna come out hit Charlie in
the face yo yo
we're terrified of this thing no part of
it I don't know what other use have had
it it didn't serve purpose that it was
intended for Oh y-you just like August
I'm afraid for you to put your hands on
this oh is it even more dangerous now
mmm that's better
45 need some spaghetti is reppin I'm
Signet oh my goodness thinking that we
never use plunging it Michael's guts and
her created intestines out linguini stop
she okay
after your bullshit what do i do oh not
a big deal uh fucking blood I don't like
that face
come let's get a thumbnail real quick
yeah I can't get a thumbnail with you
like that put it closer to your face
yeah yeah I'm going to listen to dude I
don't like it next your face she got
better it's taken you to fuck you know
okay yeah you can't use this thing mark
Hammond look at ya you're gonna stop it
Oh God dad stop it I swear to God please
stop
Oh dad you gotta stop please it's broken
damn it
oh my god I told you how to do it
oh my god please you're all it's broke
man vocal unit right right please oh god
oh god it's spinning on the drill bit
they don't work dead
would you stop deadlines you goddamn
deal I can't do it you watch look at you
I have one goddamn bill on yeah oh my
god hi goddamn dude is a coin here do
you I don't know guy I'm not I think dad
has passed the corn challenge
