what's going on you guys get me on a
camera here see ya right there and today
is Saturday Saturday and today we're
going over to Grandpa's house and we're
doing the corn on a drill challenge I am
so excited I don't know if grandpa's
gonna take it I don't know yet somehow I
feel like he's gonna chicken out and be
scared
would you like if he doesn't do it I'm
gonna do it we're taking the corner
drill challenge today people have been
asking for it you guys want to see it so
today we're getting it done what are you
looking at me like that well it's just
that you guys smell like a diaper what I
do not smell like a diaper you tonic
kidding they don't care they believe it
I think I smelled
Michael smells like a diaper stop it I'm
just kidding anyway forget it
intro short we're good over to grandpa's
house today we're doing the corn on a
drill challenge and that's it
we are picked out as usual still nothing
huh looks the same smell it early okay
this is how I know it's bullshit smell
in a car it would smell like straight
ass right now holy shit dude it was like
vanilla in there I know the cameras
closed let's open that so it smells it
if it doesn't smell like ass he's
probably not sleeping in it right well
we did the corner on a drill challenge
Wow
that shit was crazy that was crazy it
was fun it was terrifying yeah dude I
was scared we couldn't figure out how to
get uh the drill just the corn to stay
on the drill bit and dad made one with a
fork anyway you're gonna see that
tomorrow now we're going back to the
house we got after we got a whole lot
going on tomorrow let's get back to the
house Oh way way way missed hold on hold
on what look I want to record this
okay Bridget just came up with a great
idea I did I'm gonna give it to you that
wasn't you okay start off in the
beginning my back you were driving okay
so I think we should sneak in a camera
and listen to them talk if we go you
know if we go in there gangbuster style
and talk shit they will definitely talk
shit about us when we leave you forgot
your phone that's one thing but if we go
in there we start bitching and stuff but
call you lying-ass how about they'll
definitely talk shit about us when we're
gone we got to make sure we're very
obnoxious yes let's go okay we're gonna
have to go back so right now we're on
the way back inside grandpa's house
we've actually been kicked out for about
20 minutes
we did the corn on a drill and I was
just waiting for him to go in the car
and he hasn't of course he's not in the
car look it's right there sitting hi
guys
right now I know they're gonna be
talking about us we're gonna barge in
there get him a talk shit about us
because we speech about something we're
gonna hide a camera where did we go
there like that yeah you're gone got my
phone my phone is why I got it oh wait
no : how call it I don't know where it
is they all gone looking for my phone um
the bread would be in your bread he was
in the kitchen not here really shit I'm
going right now oh my gosh that smells
fishy
yeah it's a calamari dad's cooking yeah
very fucking funny
what why are you in the car
I want to see if that was in the car I
just don't yet again so Johnny Bobby's
dinner would just say it's just saying
you live here don't like anybody
generally would I don't believe you I
don't believe you living in the house I
will say I will let's go watch to miss
you feel like ah yeah I won't feel like
Duncan you should I need your help
get out the trash out yeah Charlie's
house name is house at all pretty outfit
Moscow let's go
so right now grandpa and Charlie are
probably talking shit about us let's
take it yeah what do you think the thing
I'm saying
third motherfucker forget his phone he's
a cold doc about losing weight I hate
that bitch she's your bitch better
fucking man bad bad bad oh my god we're
talking about something else here
don't worry
so yesterday I uploaded a vlog and there
was a shot of the outside when I was
telling everybody about Bridget clicking
the army doing the cookie dough and uh
there was a shot of this and there was
some plate I saw some people to be
writing me on Twitter oh that's a
satanic book Michael's God Illuminati
confirmed
this is Harry Potter yeah this is a
Harry Potter book it's the same it's the
tattoo I've got that's Harry Potter this
is not Satanism now somebody's gonna be
like oh I saw it I saw a similar symbol
on that freakin ghost movie Paranormal
Activity look it's Harry Potter I don't
know what else to tell you it's a Harry
Potter someone not Illuminati Illuminati
not confirmed wait I always thought that
was Illuminati
no would you that's Harry Potter you
thought all this time I had a lieutenant
Frank Frank well that's gonna be afraid
of you guys thanks for watching long day
we took the corn on a drill challenge
dad
the corners I was surprised oh my gosh
it was like such a foul
I was crying seriously at one point this
turned into corn ography oh my god
forget pornography this was corn ography
there's a okay don't listen to me look
at this anyway that video was going up
tomorrow I hope you guys enjoy it I'm
like 4 o'clock tomorrow oh my gosh I'm
doing fresh legs Brinson always does the
first look on her Twitter around 3
o'clock before I put it you realize she
was yanking the camera and my anyway I'm
gonna get out of here I'm excited about
checking the camera tomorrow so we got
into I think whoa whoa whoa we gotta go
back tonight okay Charlie will watch
this vlog and know okay let's go
fans we're gonna go get the camera
thanks watching you guys like subscribe
favorite it's all meant everything for
July's corn on a drill challenge
tomorrow okay wait wait what do you mean
little fucking secret in the kitchen a
top of the damn microwave okay in the
fucking house dude what's up
oh that you don't get enough here we
doing here with you there I want to see
if you guys talked about me
yeah well I'm getting you're trying to
figure out how to damn erase whatever
may or may not be on there don't race it
don't do that yeah
while it breaks motherfucker don't you
so what did you say about me on it
nothing why would you wanna break it
then show this fuck it you're just fat
you hide and shit maybe if this wakes up
maybe not fucking bitch who knows
now think I'm just gonna fucking break
come on dude oh don't do that
come on call back there's something on
the eye I want to see I want to see I
thought I hit it good I am thinking
about driving over there right now yeah
don't break it what don't break it don't
break it let's talk tomorrow let's talk
I've got something you want and I don't
appreciate them being spied on and
dropped on so don't break it save it for
tomorrow then you can break it
come back why don't you order the corn
cap to go to dangerous why is it
dangerous whether they spit the gum or
never I call cousin well he's a drill
oh yeah just let me go to my goddamn
face why would I have a mole
why would it say I'm very nervous of all
who told you about the drill I was not
surprising with that
