what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here yeah right there and today
don't say it don't say it
it's just regular Friday you just say
Friday it's Friday oh my gosh
you don't care how how much I had
stopped so something it's really a lot
of work you gotta stop okay yeah
you know what guess what folks Bridge to
editing this vlog yeah now you know god
it's too much you gotta stop okay yeah
fuck today is normal Friday
no it's please work I'll go inside and
do the bulk from the door I don't want
that water than a song no more today is
Friday if you didn't see the vlog we put
up yesterday we went over to Grandpa's
house and we got kicked out like that we
don't know the reason it was either Doug
Bridget or me I'm leaning towards
Bridget and Doug okay you know you're
Haven you guys you guys hates you guys
with the gruesome twosome and and you
don't leave them alone
what's on my face it looks like a bug
what's on my face nothing I feel it
Michael you called me yeah Bridget was
done with the cure we destroyed it I
want to see there's mold a minute wasn't
no no so I kind of wish perhaps so
grandpa just stopped by to bring me what
is this that's pork
yeah it's pork you know what that tells
me I ain't calling you no Pig you know
that's not what I'm saying
what says you've been in the house no
man that put it on the grill man taste
it hold us but I don't believe that
there's pot roast pork roast man tons of
flavor this is too moist to have been on
the grill I'm gonna kill you up for
three and a half hours just cooked on
the grill
mmm sorry flavor
would you soak it in I cooked it and
stuff I'll figure it out apple cider
vinegar little bit yeah
teriyaki nope
soy sauce that's what it was sure yeah
well I'm gonna take this is dad moving
back into the house no I'm not I'm not
moving back I think you already are
you're wrong I think you never moved I
knew Joe I look all bullshit aside can
we come over and do the corn challenge I
guess why don't you want to do the corn
challenge because it's dangerous why is
it dangerous
well it thinks man look at my arm that
word the garlic cousin well it's a drill
yeah and the drill splits would go to my
god damn thanks why would I have a hole
in it why would it say I'm very nervous
first of all who told you about the
drill I wasn't surprising with that how
do you know that has a drill involved I
saw it on YouTube son of a bitch he's
been looking at huh
I was gonna surprise you with that not
tell you about the drill come on it's
it's fairly safe the idea so grandpa's
afraid of the corn challenge that's the
name of this blog the Doodlebops do it
goes in here and comes out here I look
like a goddamn fish why would it do that
you're gonna have to have a phat drill
bit in a big ear corn and it won't come
off of that you'll hit your head I'll be
fine you're not eating the ear of corn
you're eating corn around the ear yeah
okay okay now I'm gonna do it okay we'll
do it well I got goddamn drill it's like
a fucking tongue hanging up a goddamn
now the shortfall remember it's his
fault when the drill comes out my mouth
I was like a tongue haven't happened
anybody else
one person well what happened nothing
I'm saying it take know what happened
know whose hey what happened I'm saying
it was one job would I what happened
said hasn't had a guardian thing off
how's it haven't you
whatever one time
hey I'm saying hi that happened one time
no the only thing that happened was that
the girl got her hair ripped out what
but your mother it was her own fault
she didn't know how to be hair oh she
got her hair about drew up and hang out
the tongue okay great
you'll be fine I'm taking it woman goes
in my ear
why would that happen I'm gonna put the
corn yeah like what do you think is
happening here what my hands for how do
you think the tool challenge goes
challenge I want you to playing him it's
not gonna happen
you take your spunk build it so that's
why you don't want to do corn town
you're taking this mom's good Roman
Atwood stun it the Merrill twins have
done it I get everybody I've done it and
I don't know a gut if so you're talking
about their youtubers and they've all
done it
I know they are they wouldn't do it if
it was dangerous you care about dad come
on in do your fucking boy dad is right
here you do that
okay bye Bunji you have false teeth and
if that don't work go the fucking demco
gum shit dude I'm just right no one
heard that you've got him good you're
gonna move a canyon you're already
loving it now I am NOT I'm gonna pick it
up time go that's another case are you
even young me that I gotta go you go
pretty fish bread nothing's gonna if
something happens you did it on purpose
and we're not responsible I don't know
yeah you know what's gonna you know how
you giving your ear if you look let's
check the core challenge
like you it sounds like you're hanging
outside of a car going 90 no it's not
dangerous to get a car dad go for God to
God
well ladies and gentlemen we won oh we
won we won he says that he's still
sleeping in the car he's always sleeping
in the house I know that you guys know
that Bridget here know that dude I
totally know here's what I want to talk
about forget sleeping in the car why
does he think the drill bit is gonna get
doing the corn on a drill chance first
of all how'd he find out who's gonna be
on the drill uh you know I don't know I
was gonna do a prank call your brother
cuz he prunes everything I was gonna
prank him and not let him know that it
was gonna I was gonna surprise him well
healthy corn that's thrown out the
window now Charles had def shown him the
video so either way I don't know why
he's so afraid of it
I know I feel like it's not that danger
it's not you know safe but it's not I
wrote I wrote my god when I wrote
freakin YouTube I talked to YouTube
about it they said it's safe I talked to
other youtubers it's safe you're gonna
have to worry about that okay we're not
gonna be eating the corn like this yeah
like he's really terrified like I mean I
don't know
don't put your mouth right where the
drill is that one you're gonna be fine
you know put your mouth around the
middle right some of you may have
noticed in the vlog yesterday which I
don't know I haven't read through the
comment so I don't know if anybody saw
it or not but it was a little secret
that we forgot that was on our fridge
and we noticed fuck you written and
cookie dough in the fridge he said oh
it's been there for about a week never
want to get rid of that because of the
don't tell people about it I got
I don't want them to know come on they
have to know okay so the other day
Michael was in his boxers half-naked
eating cookie dough raw cookie dough and
he was dancing just with a straight face
and then he was writing in various
places of the house yeah a piece of
cookie dough and I wrote fuck you here I
wrote lol in the window
it was just lol that I wrote fuck and I
had to write it backwards so what you
could see like it was just so funny I
was dying laughing I wish I recorded
that Bridget was out here so I was
writing with cookie dough backwards fuck
you so it was so funny like can you
please do it again I want everyone to
see know I click like and then I'll do
it oh my god click like so I'll do in
the end clip tomorrow if they click like
ok seam collections figure out how to
get through this he was winding if you
probably heard him whining a couple of
times in the blog cuz he can't figure
out how to get past this come on Bella
wait Bella's just sit in her cage over
there come on Bella come on you guys
yeah so I get a running start my Bella
fingers now it's just an opening come on
through you can do it guys that's all he
needs to be completely contained come on
buddy
why don't you tell me through Clyde so
wide opening right there pissed when
you're just - out there you guys go you
happy will you guys mess with Felix like
why'd you are the bout
I know right this is one who never out
of it hey Bella whoa so we asked you
guys to tell us what this was and people
have and I think correctly identified
this as a pumpkin plant from we threw
the seeds down that was you you
destroyed it well luckily we got frickin
pumpkins garna you gonna fucking mess
with me here I just pissed me off but
you know I really hope that we do grow
pumpkins
maybe we replace the one you destroy if
you go a pumpkin I'm gonna throw it on
you
we got a pumpkin I'm carving it well
that's gonna be it for today you guys
thanks for watching dad came over I
think he wants to patch things up I
can't tell what my mighty obviously is
sing sorry he brought us some of his man
meat so anyway because you always do
that every time we argue think it brings
me you made me think no I'm not eating
it so it does it does seem like he only
brings me food when we're arguing so you
know don't eat it
probably fucking sauteed and piss I
don't know my gosh maybe they didn't
have a funk you are you said I had a
flavor I don't want to think about that
kind of thing I'm gonna get out of here
thanks for watching you guys good little
normal Friday oh my god that's gonna be
for today you guys thanks for watching
like subscribe favorite everything
Ridgid I corn challenge next you think
yeah I know damn well what no way it was
Emma's not here I don't know I'll side
with them maybe was done I couldn't
think it was Michael no I don't think of
it to you I'll see what the problem is
your dad's a know-it-all
