what's going on you guys for johast here
can behind the camera not here
he's just so better today like come on
stop filling come on dude I was thinking
why not doing a ball right now Michael
come on just because your dad is bitter
doesn't mean we can't blog I want her
flaws why are you telling people what
what happened because it was shitty and
it's ruining your day and I'm mad about
all that we just got back from dad's
house Doug is actually outside uh crying
his eyes out no ha ha cried his eyes but
we went over to Dad's house with Doug we
were going to discuss the corn on a
drill challenge and like that we were
kicked out of the house and it's like
not like the usual game yeah she's not
you know ha ha ha it was one of those
work he wasn't talking I was trying to
talk to him he was good
fucking away from me it was one of those
were I felt so genuinely unwelcome that
I just left and I don't know why it
happened
he ain't really came out of nowhere I
thought yesterday was kind of you know I
don't know I don't want to say
everything was fixed yesterday yeah
wasn't thanks but I felt they were
laughing and stuff it was a guy thought
was a good day it was funny yeah and I
feel like maybe he's maybe he's pissed
because we know he isn't sleeping in the
car maybe and maybe that's why but we
did not feel welcome I feel like it was
my fault he might as well drop kicked us
in the face I mean that's how it felt
like so anyway we're going to be going
out to dinner in a few min one night a
few minutes Doug has to go back to his
house to grab something and then he's
gonna meet us anyway yeah that's what
happened had a real shitty morning and
we didn't film a scene of it that's
Bridget's fault ok why don't you Philly
Phil I'm sorry maybe your dad should
grow up
I'm not gonna put it with disrespect
like that neither am i dude apologize
Michael your glass
sorry clean single filming now huh
yeah you've been doing this for like 10
minutes ago to clean oh my god that's
the smile I know and love they gotta be
spic-and-span for me too maybe I gotta
see you later you're so funny
wait oh my gosh it's been 10 not getting
all the spots I'm people gonna use that
he can't ever hit this ball for him
actually I don't want to talk about that
yeah that's tomorrow no already already
here almost almost fave Oh almost I'm
sure what do you think I think those are
pretty okay okay Michael I'm turning the
camera off and I'll be in my car so we
came all this way to come to sticky
fingers we invited bridges dad Doug and
it has been at least an hour and he's
still not here where are you dad Brad
just called him I've called he's not
responding to us
now we're getting stood up by Doug he's
really driving iron traffic or something
where is Doug freaking starving what are
you gonna get it ribs man I want ribs
too
I don't know what's a vlog here dude
we're in a parking lot and I don't have
any wipes Dimmick washes with and they
need it oh my guys no I need another
coat of wax those are the cleanest
glasses over
Oh Wyatt fucking Matt fluid my nose
snored
I mean don't snort don't do that blowout
Wow hey Somerville anyway this is wrong
I know right the Schumer's pollution for
the mic or you got everyone eats whoa
please give you camera out of my face
are you ever gonna eat your food
what are you texting Charles my dad what
about fellas are in bunch freak out cuz
walk around those bitching runners
stomping around early oh ha ha
you gotta hit me now does no not quite
you when I got no one Oh
bicha mom what happened well who cares
let's eat small fucking Reapers is right
what I see that the Haji Ned Tom things
like oh that's gone now but you had
something longer teeth
oh I'm sorry so you were there what do
you think was dad's problem I think he
pissed off at me
now you you do is you yeah I think it
was me honestly I think it was me
I walked into the living room I'm not
sure I pissed him off this hearing that
lately so wait a bit we all think it was
hot Bridget thinks it was her
Doug fix it was him and I think it was
me like I mean he never liked me
other than so what I it was me
right no I'm sorry including you not
even that's rad so you got this though
right
you think it was you yeah I know damn
well with me
why no way it was Emma's not you I don't
know I'll side with that maybe it was
done I couldn't think it was Michael
like nah uh-uh I don't think that was
you I see what the problem is your dad's
a know-it-all you've gotta know every
fact about everybody so he's smarter
than grandpa oh that's the perception
isn't it but he doesn't know other
things that he's pretended over yeah he
does look I want an apology from your
dad what I'm just joking kind of well
how was your dinner Doug dinner was
great how was your how was your morning
morning suck but so I don't think we
really told anybody what happened so we
came over to Grandpa's house today this
morning and Doug come walking in but Dad
was had to be in a bad mood or something
cuz he basically almost threw us out
instantly this is true and you think it
was you know he just seems so bitter and
he wasn't like that before I walked in
we don't know that we weren't there he
gets you think it's you I see you
thinking do you think he hates you it's
me he's just a bitter old man right now
just how my Luck's been going lately and
well everyone hates you yep everybody
nice to me Michael loved you she loves
you see yeah I don't think it was you I
think you contributed you do oh sorry
for telling you what you would you are
hey get back in your damn corner see he
listens but he don't want to hear it I
just think it was all of us he didn't
wanna talk to nobody and I will gladly
give him what he wants out fuck you know
I don't know like not feeling you I
don't it's like it was a different kind
of unwelcome that it's like when usually
he says dude how about goddamn house oh
my god whatever but this time I actually
genuinely didn't feel welcome so you got
out he might as well just spit in our
faces what felt like it really actually
felt like an emotional spit to the face
so so what do you wanted sweeties got
I'll stay away
homes were the heart is anyway babe Oh
Tommy I don't know no it's fine
I don't just he's probably not gonna let
me come over so just keep an eye on him
if I'm not allowed back over keep are
you filming no I'm looking at the camera
it says record uh no it doesn't if I
like you
yeah she's recorded she's no well that's
gonna be it for today you guys thanks
for watching we were good we went I
don't know dude we went over to Dad's we
weren't welcome got kicked out I
honestly I don't know if we're doing the
corn on the drill challenge anymore hey
you know unblurred if he doesn't do it
I'll do it
so we're doing the corn on the drill
challenge no matter what if dad does owe
me over this house I'll do it in my
house it doesn't matter so I'm gonna get
out of here feel bad for your dad I need
it too he really honestly thinks it's
his fault
I don't know and it's not he was so
better like as soon as we walked on I
don't know but I'm gonna get out of here
thanks for watching you guys
good day otherwise yeah it was a great
thing either why like subscribe favorite
some on everything but yours and
I love you guys I said I'm a girl goes
diet
oh right yeah they dry it now I'm still
still watching right now do them in the
middle of frickin lobby right yeah no
Myers
what's my calling yeah all right dog
we'll get a thumbnail you see this like
virgin sister oh man hey it's smile Doug
Doug should take the corn challenge too
if we do it oh my gosh you're so sad
I'll do the corn challenge if you eat
catfish bait oh my god hell no dude I
smelled that shit oh no way
