what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here bitch OST yeah right there
your voice sounded totally different
right there and it was here really
what's my hearings going out let's try
this again what's going on you guys
can't be on a camera here vigilante yeah
you think that's how you sound
I feel like it's different Bridgette was
here for do I see yeah I don't know
what's even going on right there today
is what Tuesday I think you make me
scared now it sorry my voice
you don't sound like normal vigils -
yeah no no it was wrong
since I'm I feel like something is wrong
with your fucking voice it's like I'm
about to cry
don't worry about it we'll figure it out
after the ball uh yeah there's something
wrong with the way you're talking point
what got her folks it's so easy to prank
Bridgette managed in the intra make you
think there's something wrong with you
yes Tamina I'm like about to cry right
now
oh really thought that was wrong that's
how you prank Bridgette she's easy I
feel like maybe something is wrong with
me
oh god no you're trying to get me is
what you're trying to do I'm serious
Bridgette there's nothing wrong with you
what would be wrong okay it's point
Bridgette
there's nothing wrong with you she's now
you guys got me feeling bad cuz I
pranked her oh my voice sounds different
it does dye your IFRIC Andreea you're a
hyper contract no I'm not a nice it
sounds different to me Bridgette your
voice is the same really
yes so we're just sitting out here in
the rain I wish it would stop raining
freakin Michael no I love the rain it's
too much raining all day man supposed to
start tomorrow maybe gain it's not like
I'm going out in it right oh my gosh but
your dad I bet he's inside now oh no
that's what he's in a car
I bet he's inside now Rambo's getting a
car wash today folks I didn't think
about that that's right what did be
running over there - yeah is the whole
Charleston ready yeah poor dad I gotta I
gotta get the rain to stop is ridiculous
oh please stop what are you doing tolls
I'm Randy please stop praying I'll dance
with you forever okay right you don't
pay no bull I hate the rain
lazy haha lazy give me his model look oh
my mama ding chime Shack she lazy yeah
where's my mama hey lazy wow sown we
fight our neighbors definitely here
yeah I don't know why but this thing
scares me I know it doesn't like it's
getting bigger everything it is getting
bigger dude what is it I don't know but
it's putting growing from under there
and it's scaring me if that's what raff
let's say like cut it man come on that's
just if you believe that really knock on
any everybody's hear that Bridget said
grass would look like that if we didn't
cut it no you're not
so Michael is upstairs taking a shower I
have some fake peop some hot fudge I'm
gonna prank Oh
this is really disgusting
Oh Oh what is that go Brown
okay why was your brown for I gotta have
the toilet
Wow oh my god no it's not actually
where's Dennis frickin foam what is the
meaning of the words names what is this
shit up session you have I don't have
one
you've got it where did this one come
from
hello what
what is it that's actual shit oh my god
what is that shit rock guy
hi if I shouldn't have come on
okay that's it we're broken up now what
give their shouting Michael come on dude
I'm gonna freak Michaels stop it god oh
my gosh
now I'll be pregnant our location I
never ever get it thank you at this hour
are you good now I'm gonna swim in the
crane I'll leave you alone now I believe
you along with ugly Phillip use it okay
okay hey no Michael no Paula died
like shit
right listen pieces of a shower curtain
s-stop to worry
guys our black break well you lose
broken glass
I'm gonna cover photo get out of the
shower you zooming in because I need to
cry yeah yeah
get out now
why is my first break a shower a week
rapidity yeah could you clean up a
broken fire you shouldn't make me cry
dude I thought you sounded different
well you scared the shit out of me yeah
you fish shit on me was that chocolate
yes thank gosh it's our shit on you
Michael okay I'm done I'm officially
done
I don't want you in the room just great
what did you do I don't know why you
freaking hold it why do you have so much
fake shit are you like into like no
you're gonna take a dump on you or
something or no is that what you want
god no you want to shit day Saturday now
is that what you need no I just thought
it'd be funny guys you just let me know
if you'll be a poop on your chest I'll
do it
I don't want you to know obviously want
me to shit on you what no I don't know
next time you're just mad cuz I pranked
you well that's gonna be it for today
you guys thanks for watching it was
funny but you got to stop with the shit
it's like well your shit I wake up next
to shit every day
ha that was just me I'm just getting her
I think she's so obsessed with poop
because that's where clothes smell like
so if you oh hey yummy it was funny but
it FA you don't have to throw so how do
you get you back you legit made me think
someone was wrong brown-water thou you
know first I was gonna laugh and that's
all the water is brown anyway thanks for
watching you guys I got you I got me
that's what happened today
I got pranked by thinking I got shit
thrown on me yep like subscribe favorite
it's all on everything for Joss this did
not sound right
your voice is just totally we do it your
voice sounded like good nasally is like
what's going on
subscribe what's wrong no cuz I heard it
too in your head
nice subscribe favorite I don't think
it's in there
okay I've checked over there checked
over there checked over there check them
it there checked everywhere I wanna
watch laughing I'm gonna break this
channel but it's recording just watch it
later well if you want to watch a little
that damn promote what if it's in the
other room or something what what if
it's in the other room what if you took
it to the bathroom with me Oh heavy
chest dog I'm shaking it
