what's going on you guys keep you on a
camera here but do I see eye right there
yeah today is Wednesday and guys if you
haven't been following our vlog we have
been having a little bit of a I don't
say war because she'll take that as war
so we already won the war no we have not
okay I'm uploading a video about her
today now our house Euler back take
we're gonna win the war stop being so
cocky okay guys if you haven't been
following we've been having a little bit
of a exchange with grandpa's old
neighbor Tina to the point where last
night I kind of drove by her house okay
I drove my Cindy's house just happen to
drop my peen of stupid guys if you
haven't been following go watch the
previous videos go catch yourself up
because a lot of big stuff happening
with that this week I'm not gonna say
anything else go watch the video that
I'm uploading we're going to talk about
that just a second but guys today is
Wednesday and today what are we doing
now um I don't know what are we doing
nothing there's nothing to do nothing
let's put a lien isolation
usually it would be like hey what are we
eating now that we're trying to diet
it's like we're just sitting at home
doing nothing guys I gotta talk to you
about that Tina video let's do that I
just uploaded the video that we made
about Tina you guys so I could really
update you on everything that happened
because guys a lot of stuff happened
there was some good stuff you know Tina
was clearly a good friend but a lot of
bad stuff too at the same time a lot of
horrible stuff so I wanted to make a
video and I wanted to tell you guys
everything that happened from the good
the bad the ugly the diss tracks I give
you a preview of a diss track I wrote
about Tina if you haven't seen it the
link is below check it out that diss
track was gonna be lethal I'm glad I
didn't put it out it with a really like
she would have showed up so guys who you
haven't seen to go check it out it's a
real nice
I guess recap of everything that
happened with Tina because you guys I'm
confronting her I've got to do it I made
the decision I'm either gonna do it
Friday or this weekend I'm doing it
really soon I may not be able to put it
up for
because I got really big stuff happening
this week I don't want to talk about it
right now but I'm working on a lot of
stuff and this weekend I got a lot of
cool stuff coming out PF fees flying out
you guys gonna be a whole bunch going on
so I don't know if I'll be able to get
the video up on Friday like I said in
the video but it's coming Tina
we gotta have a talk we gotta have a
conversation because this is too much
this bickering this back and forth the
stupid like whatever this is has to stop
I've had enough of it we gotta talk guys
if you haven't seen that video check it
out I show you the restraining order
papers that I got on Tina I show audio
clips and video about grandpa that we
never released go check it out Tina
we're gonna confront each other one way
or the other oh babe I just did
something horrible what okay you're not
ready to hear this what's it what okay
so Jenny called right what is going on
dude seriously if she was like what's
funny do what happened she's like you're
gonna get it Ryan what she was like do
you want to go to Brian's and I said no
oh that's a raccoon turd what old food
or something I don't know
wait what happened I said no to Ryan I
rejected her invite no to Ryan's
yeah she invited us to Ryan's yeah the
whole family the whole family and you
said no cuz of the diet yeah so why
can't we go because we're on a diet we
don't have to eat while we're there we
probably would hey why don't why
we get like salads I want to go to Ryan
to get a salad let's get a damn salad
why did you tell her no because we're
tired sorry about that
so I'm too freaked out I think I think
salads is good do you want to go I yeah
a little bit yeah marks so racing cuz
how you ran him I felt like I don't want
to know what I was thinking but I
thought some bad happening bad did
happen you said no Ryan's I know that's
almost one part with the worst thing
that could happen is if I approach to
this such let's go you want to go Ryan's
yes test ourselves yes what if we eat
test our willpower so we go and we watch
them because I want to go as a family
I'll be honest you know me I love family
things I love eating as a family and
talking yeah I know so we could go we
just yeah we can like talk and eat salad
and and a sniff out all the other plate
am i strong enough to do this
no were they limit but we're gonna test
it said no says like no straight-up no
none of us are we are not strong enough
to do this let's go to Ryan's but I'm
forward I don't eat but if I do how I
set this thing um I I don't know I use
the remote well why just put in the code
mmm
okay what do you think still happen here
I don't know what's gonna happen just
use the remote we have stay away chime
bypass exit exit delay in progress go
that was intense
I was like we did something wrong
something wrong we're just repeating me
okay what's this a regular soda there
could be bugs in there probably is okay
I'm just making sure it's not like gonna
go off and mess up the knob won't have
gone off I know yeah I should be good
wait this will tell me I feel better
oh so it's armed it's armed
yeah earned my coats armed what if you
set it off what I set it off it's
possible oh I could do it
yeah just one little porch yeah it's
brutal man yeah yeah I think we're good
what if it slams mmm let's close it
gently all right oh my god I think you
set it off
what I think you set it off we gotta go
back no but remember I feel like it's
knocked over something and it started
going on remember oh yeah run the house
Maggie with Lucille I remember you on
our way to Ryan's right now you guys and
I swear we almost got in like three
accidents oh my gosh one person cut us
off and flip Bridget off and then an old
lady flip Bridget off why does that lady
flip you off she look like 98 like dude
you were too old to be mad at me
Louise Bridget the Bojangles signs like
totally out listen
lose like a sleazy like strip club or
something moving Bota days and the thing
is it's all four sides said this ain't
like all the letters are out Oh what the
heck the other side says Bo lace - that
is funny
Shea's open late made okay
no hey guys this with Tina is just
crazy
I can't believe she's doing this crap
like for real
I really want to pull her out by her
hair I'm friggin starving dude meet me
for dinner I'm sitting here just chillin
reply no okay
guys anybody else's phone do this you
haven't hooked up to the Bluetooth or
the why I don't code whatever it is if
Syria reads every text man if he's so
funny if Lake she responded to Jenni
with no hey dude why is June for a ski
if we want to have dinner we told her
she has to be I never told her what you
never told her we were coming I never
told her we were coming so the problem
is when I hooked my phone up to the car
it reads the text messages for me and
it's really long and it says do you want
to respond and I'm like chill okay
please chill hey your name's Jake I know
my name is Peter Griffin I know my name
is pretty different
what is Jennifer doing she's brushing
her wig oh I gotta see this she's
brushing is broken what's broke my wig
how the head where it's writ where it
looks fine just tryin to get a new one
you don't like your wig or something no
what's wrong with it
brush your hair shut up
how's the food oh it smells good I don't
hear I would like oh man it's so good
masks ever had what is going what the
chicken is juicy yeah super it mom I got
this
we may there's something we're selling
that verb we just came to lista scholar
salad this is everything apparently miss
patty dressing paddock tomatoes ready
you could have had tomatoes light
dressing right
we don't have it up there this is Ryan's
Jenny go baby why don't you get like a
piece of ham or something
Bridget Bridget says we're here for the
smells yeah I'm all right
I mean now the chicken
maybe go to raisins and a onions I don't
like eggs
oh wow I love raisins on my palate oh I
love eggs on my salad was
smell it how much back contents on the
east wall a lot Michael no I'm getting a
plate three I'm getting a play
no high cover this lens for some reason
all three of these boys will have a
competition on who does the best Conor
McGregor roll all right there goes
Jimmy's all right Johnny yours are all
right Jacob gasps rate I can't believe
we're about to do this oh my god that
one to go hey guys are so creepy yeah
they're gonna think there's a purge
happening I know Jon Snow
why are you doing tired yeah you look
tired
yeah you know oh let me tell you what
just happened just now she was like you
want to feel me and ask me how I'm doing
that's a little weird but okay so I feel
I said how are you doing and she did it
just to fart on camera because she's
that stank of a person you what is this
and what are y'all doing dude look it's
this High School Musical the whole time
we've been here
these boys have been begging me for
PlayStation money PlayStation Network
cash if you will now I'm gonna give it
to you only if you make me laugh so when
I say go do something that makes me
laugh and you can have it okay one two
three go go works on that do all the
time one two three go okay you earned it
like what you coming who is it what do I
know just definitely something that
oh they're driving slide to look at home
I'm not ducking duck dude my house well
it's a tiny little car looks like Tina's
car you think it's like getting revenge
are you ready I'm ready
no you're not fighting so you better be
ready I'm ready what Bridget stop nope
Bridget Bridget okay that was very
anti-climatic okay first of all you are
insane I know I'm not you why would you
do that I'm protecting our house and you
okay guys that was just this old man the
sweetest like old man I've ever seen in
my life he was in the wrong area looking
for his daughter's house yeah not Deena
I told you we're absolutely paranoid
we're paranoid dude dude you scared him
to death
I turned off the camera Bridget walks up
why that bitch oh my god
he knows distance we all do deals oh
this isn't Ashley's house is it I was
like person to five it's not funny poor
guy that's what doing it was insane I
was Freddy dude she was right I'm
freaking ready well at least I know I'm
safe yes
a guys little anti-climatic I thought
someone's leading out there no the night
can see
we're safe for now dee you're lucky
you
