what's going on you guys can't be him to
camera here
Bridget West here right there sorry
right here talking on Tycho thought boys
behalf because I'm too fat of a fuck to
use my actual voice and today what's
going on you guys
get behind a camera here vigilante yeah
right there you know that was a lot of
work I don't really want these are
talking so shout out to Josh on Twitter
for giving me the idea
thanks I used it thanks Josh
today is Monday and today is a lot
better than two days ago what listen if
you didn't see the video I uploaded
Jesse right angry grandpa got a new car
and granted he is living in his yard in
the car but it could be a lot worse so
I'm not as upset as I was it still sucks
if you didn't see it check out the link
below it's also gonna be at the end of
the vlogs
he's stupid so today is mud am I using
my face was like today today is Monday
and today um okay if you don't have
anything to add I don't know good today
I'm cleaning and today I'm doing laundry
because you complained about it yes and
today I'm making Alfredo oh god damn man
it's ruined the OL intro I'm cutting it
now let's get the Monday started I don't
like the screaming whatever you know how
you saw Michael Biehn how you saw
Bridget bi TCH WH o re Wow
you know hey so Michael how's that bab y
bi TCH mmm that's supposed baby but no
what no that's supposed a bi smell
Michael that spells baby bitch oh I hear
I am spelling your name how it's
actually spelled SL ent see UNT and
you're spelling my name disrespectfully
snowing incorrectly please
um bi t CH SL u T
that's bitch slut open the place oh god
no that's bitch slut this is how
supposed to go you know you smell
Michael mi CH AE L you know you spell
Bridget I am PR EA CA ing u P Y o you
know Michael though for real
hold on f uck why don't you give a poop
mouth dude
mi CH AE l s LUT well right now I'm
going to make some fettuccine alfredo
right here in a pan I got some chicken
that I've just cooking a little bit of
olive oil a little bit of table
seasoning I don't know what this is
table blend a little bit of salt and
some fresh garlic that's done I just
sauteed it up so that's done we're gonna
set it aside next up is our and by the
way if the colors are fucked up cuz of
that bitch I shall watch hello
ridiculous I don't even understand it
damn you fluorescent lighting like why
you sir a big yellow line across your
face right now sometimes it gets a
little out while so they might not see
it totally but it's screwed up on the
camera it's gone now so first up in our
Alfredo is one stick of butter while
that's melting down some minced garlic
squeezing it out I didn't want to cut
garlic ooh too much garlic I gotta get
that out oh wait that was way too much
garlic okay minced garlic to the melting
butter mix I'm going to add a little bit
of pepper a little bit of salt unfuck
and two cups of heavy cream and don't
drop it on the stove like I just did the
next up is to add a half a cup of
Parmesan cheese I'm going to add that
and you want to whisk this rigorously
I'm gonna whisk in a minute before
nominees a spoon but this will stick can
be hard to mix together so you got a
whisk this so just sit here and whisk it
till it's blended as well
right here I got a pot boiling for the
noodles and right here I'm still
whisking this up now I added a little
more heavy cream and a little of this
Parmesan cheese a minute ago I added
this back promise on cheese but I wanted
a little more and I wanted it to mix a
little easier so I added some of that
and that's where I'm at right now let's
look at the whisk cheese on it still
blending when this is done blending
though you just set it aside I hate this
it's not as a thought
Denis any help come on I'm young to fill
me at you stop it I dropped over to
cheese I'm humiliated why do you
Parmesan cheese like no you had it right
nobody please cut here we can't have
cheese you can't cheese bell our client
Oh God
I'm sorry you guys can happen nope oh
they'll just film how to me I'm scared
of deadlines never felt like it third
row please Bridget please are they
allowed to have cheese or not no they
should not have parm cheese let me get
you a round
y'all be budget oh my gosh I'm just so
not helpful today you're gonna fill in
what we drop the garlic my dip
everywhere oh my god oh noodle time oh
nice whoo usually I would help it in
there I was too preoccupied oh yeah
I learn enough of Gordon Ramsay he told
me personally yeah for the record Gordon
Ramsay did not talk to me okay someone
thinks that I'm lying
oh pretty boy didn't talk to Gordon
Ramsay now you're right in Shh
that's all I needed to tell them now we
put the dishes back on we keep taking
the dishes and closing them while we
record so you don't hear the dishwasher
what we do long you can finish them in
an hour okay here's the next step I am
going to add the Alfredo in with the
chicken
we think it looks loose you know it is a
tad loose right now
very loose that's because there's starch
in these noodles and that is going to
thicken it so check it in there how
fredo in there noodles being added in
there get another bitch now we're going
to go and give this good mix around and
we're gonna let it warm up thicken and
it's done on a bing bada boom I gotta
stop saying that okay yes find a plate
as you can see that thickened up like I
said let's go ahead and get us some Tong
full here
you're falling everywhere a pasta come
on all right so a little little fresh
parsley a little fresh basil over the
top bada bing chicken alfredo pump let's
see
Michael you me I'm gonna cut the fucking
chair open don't record this just get me
the knife I don't think it's in there
okay I've checked over there checked
over there checked over there checked
over there checked everywhere I wanna
locks rattling you're pissing I'm gonna
break this chair but it's recording just
watch this later well if you want to
watch it later without a damn remote
what if it's in the other room or
something what what if it's in the other
room what if you took it to the bathroom
with you let me check stop I'm shaking
it stop Michael I'm missing Monday Night
Raw because you won't have you want a
record check the bathroom what up
oh my god is it in there I was taking a
shit and tofu I'm sorry okay I'm
embarrassed I don't want this on the
blog I'm humiliated right now I don't
mean to yell at you but I'm missing
wrong Michael it's recording well find
the damn normal
I like to watch you go yelling I'm sorry
I'm sorry that I kicked the thing I'm
embarrassed don't film this
just look it's please pick this up don't
film this I'm humiliated
I'm gonna miss wrestling Sue's broke and
I think you broke it no it's fine maybe
it's in the garage everybody's gonna
make fun of me what if it's in the
kitchen
Mike Mike if I should be humiliated by
this freak out for money yeah you know I
am definitely clicking like I'm not
including it in the vlog Michael and
you're not editing it either yes I know
cuz when you added the vlogs you make me
look stupid or than a man you embarrass
me in them you don't do that you deal
come on man I'm sorry you look dumb
whenever I am Fox yeah you you freak
maybe you had at your vlogs to make you
look smarter than if you had the remote
all you had to do is hand it's heavy
dude
you made me cry it just found it you did
not you just pulled it out of your
pocket you did this shit on purpose
I know why you did I see right through
it Michael you plan on making me look
like a dumbass in this fall know why you
do know you
every time every time bridge says I want
to edit the five today when it comes out
I look like a complete dumb fuck this
was no different now it's going to be
piglet boys wrestling freak out and I'm
gonna be embarrassed and people I'm
already please don't include this I have
to then let me edit the ball no I'm stop
there I want to add it today you'll cut
the entire thing out and add two seconds
huh yeah probably
what's wrong with that I'm so you should
be humiliated dude who actually gave
input is not working oh okay I knew it
ha ha ha
nice try oh I gotta do all that man if i
watch wrestling I'm not even going to
bother with this vlog all right
apology deeply asuntos I'm sorry but
please don't make it in wait I gotta say
that again I'm coming that part out
apology deeply accepted Michael I really
need a new gate now look thank you it's
two pieces oh my gosh you know I'm sure
we can make this work how many times
we're gonna whine that one's ever watch
reckless Oh Michael Oh oh my gosh okay
you know I might this might work look
I'm zooming in my face wish you good
luck
No why are you doing this no okay fine
daddy get up now that's gonna be it for
today you guys thanks for watching a
little pissed right now no man
Bridget start ending this vlog and I saw
she started adding like buzzards and I
misspelled words and I wish we could
just rerecord the part in the living
room where I was misspelled I'm breaking
up with you
CK I was total it was a fluke I can
smell you can you have to you gotta add
a new you have that a buzzer sound
that's not fair you better include a
buzzer sound when you say a cept instead
of accepting yeah that's not fair I'm
bringing it up in the outro now and I'm
not rear according anything and I'm
gonna make sure it ties like so you have
no choice but to keep it or they're not
gonna know we're talking about me except
she says except she can't say except she
said except earlier in the vlog except
how do you have no choice but Michael
let me talk I just mute everything
you're saying now nope it's not gonna
work anyway thanks for watching you guys
I posted a tweet earlier uh I wonder if
you guys want us to do the corn on a
drill challenge where you take a drill
put a piece of corning oh my gosh I
don't think I should do that
I know Bridget hair's gonna rip right
out my hair but Dad me now dad's not
talking to me right now but I if I had
you guys say you want to see it he'll do
it yeah he does everything you guys say
so if you want to see it there's a link
below with a pole for my Twitter account
click it vote let me know what you guys
want to see it or not the corn on a
drill challenge like subscribe favorite
following everything for dinner early or
she said except instead of except she
got you bad a buzzer to it you have to
keep it now okay I love you guys
follow me on everything - he can't
handle the corn challenge
I'm idle I ain't going it
where are you going
