he obviously caught what happened is he
fucking Tina took him to a car
dealership he got a frickin car he told
you to call me because he knew he was
getting a frickin car he wanted to rub
it in my fucking face well he did where
is it you have things we're gonna do
find him or something right yeah we
should probably go look for him he's on
the loose that's yeah that's all the
world needs right oh my god when are we
gonna commit him was he gonna hit me
right I don't know man
that have been shitty we'd have been
fuck he'd been in the hospital I would
have definitely press charges Michael
hey it was it was go time uh stupid shit
more like it's goat this is stressful as
fuck man it's really annoying Jay
knowing as fuck make sure you call him
when we leave I'd rather him sleep
freaking in his car here than in some
parking lot can you turn right that's
not gonna help is it my god
a wall where do you think you would go
the stories in a store parking lot so we
haven't thinking some stores who Shops
at it does not shop at Walmart well he
likes Best Buy the tattoo parlor
frickin McAlister's Deli he likes
McCallister's he'll go there and text me
saying he got himself a sandwich
intensive to me and asked I was jealous
that he has bouncers hopefully his have
McCallister's or something I really do
not want to drive downtown
I'm not going downtown I don't know my
way around downtown I don't either
so if he's down and he wouldn't have
driven that far I don't feel like well
how was I saying that truck he's got a
card out yeah he probably wouldn't the
car set him up
pile of fucking rub off I was dad
there's nothing funny about that I
thought my father was trash oh he's
missing you're laughing it's not there
like well I really need to go to the
bathroom when can we go home
Bridget we're freaking looking right now
dude
okay does it want to be found check best
live I don't care I want to find him uh
your that best buy is and their you're
leaving yes you're not I'm sorry you
better turn the best buy right now verge
and I'm not joking he's probably there
so we're going to the fucking highway go
to Best Buy he's there I know it I
promise you hey I promised he's a
freakin Best Buy
I think Jamie said something about where
are you listen dad I'm gonna file a
missing person report on you where are
you
we're in a parking lot now looking for
you I'm in the but I went to the Best
Buy parking lot I went to the tattoo
shop I went to the movies I went to
Dollar General I have no clue where you
are just tell me where you are dad
do you realize didn't you realize this
makes you homeless
or are you staying at somebody's house
you hate me are you at Tina's what hell
there you go there you got there my new
car okay but I'm worried so I saw I can
go home you know go I'm good alright
come on
oh oh oh you laugh about it
hi I'm coming over to your house
tomorrow to see for there
Bibbit Ungh oh I called Jennifer and
Jamie to help us look for dad how bad
it's pretty nasty
so dad just called us so I called them
and we got some ice cream
and now I bet my tongue this is not your
day Michael there's a washing my wife
it's pretty bad
this is the best I for mine it's real
good I wish you look closer I've come
here more often
just watching UFC just trying to chill
out right now with dogs
oh this not this has not been my day as
you guys have you guys heard how even
more how yeah what did I done this time
is usually crap because your dad that
was earlier but I thought we were fine
no even mean to me all day yeah well we
were just upstairs talking and it was
fine now what so you're still pissed I'm
mad that you're taking your frustrations
out on me I think you should call your
daddy can I hug the dogs can I record
Claude yeah
Clyde come here buddy just mom put a
camera Bella already knows that I'm sad
she every time she comes up to me and
she just sits beside me yeah you finally
said except instead of acept birds you
can't say the word except I can't say
ball fever Brigid can't accept you can
say wolf little bells being so sweet
you're talking about wolves I can't say
it hey Bill what yes we're gonna order
frickin pizza
ah I know I was recording all that well
it is the next day
and we left off we were looking for
angry grandpa I can tell you now that we
found him and right now we are on our
way to eat because I'm friggin hungry
man I am too I'm getting the tacos I'm
getting right now we don't on our way to
LA Coretta yesterday I was so tired we
came home really late
I just watched UFC hung out with the
dogs fought with Bridget and freaking
went to sleep I was gonna upload a vlog
but I ended up crashing ha but I am
including some of today into yesterday's
video
so anyway right now we are on our way to
eat dinner at la crema we just uploaded
the video from yesterday well grandpa
got a new car and then he freakin left
and pretty sure slept in a parking lot
last night
he's home now but I'm pretty sure he
slept in a freaking parking lot I am at
I don't know I don't know where he slept
dude he took something a dumpster people
slept at Tina's house I don't know he's
I don't like me saying he might subject
admit it's a wrong parking lot they
think it is I know it is ok let's
connect it yeah but she'll hey look
Bridget the Reg way Plaza I'm one of
Jesse's family owns it haha shout-out
mcjuggernuggets
hey mcjuggernuggets I don't know why
she'd get chorizo or regular way trade
off so you made a good point what what
is what is its thinnest part
with what what if this team apart Tina's
car yeah why would she to get that new
club
well I just figured maybe maybe it is
because of the sticker
well stickers thank you grab all
stickers yeah
he carries all stickers everywhere he
goes had dealer did you not see how to
do fights oh my god
Darin said that's obviously a brand new
way oh my god well brand new yeah to a
must Tina gave out of brand-new car
that's in the comments yeah
people send in my new Tina's car because
of the anger grandpa stickers yeah so
you guys know grandpa carries those
stickers everywhere he goes they're in
his pocket any time you run Sunday if
you've run into grandpa and public
chances are he's giving you a sticker he
puts it on walls it's on the drink
machine in his house and so when his
frickin bedroom door I think I would
have been more surprising it didn't
matter
so they thought it was Tina's car
because do they not see the dealer place
there's not a license plate on you know
you don't get um you know that virgin
you don't get a license plate all right
Michael I know are you filming me so
embarrassing is that smell
yeah I stink
yes a little I'm gonna blame you for
this why are you because I told you I
need your clothes the shower why thank
you that's not the problem cuz that's
what you do Michael and I sweat it all
up in the shirt yesterday look for Dad
now sleep saw my father so Charlie your
thoughts only befall no there was no hot
water the chicken salad you use all the
hot water
did not
well you cold no just say you don't like
shower there's not you're not about that
life
it's not bad to change public listening
this burrito
we're a small hedge fund because funny
kinda weird hosiery Arctic is yours
again
Oh wheels I'm gonna stand in the road
he's not gonna run me over
he's not gonna run me over
