what's going on you guys Kippy on a
camera here touched my glasses fedoras -
yeah right there
and today and today my I say and today
stop yourself and today is fucker I to
the 13 no we're not fun on Friday the
13th yeah bad luck oh yeah one of us
will randomly sprout an STD that neither
of us have okay okay I said guide throw
of us Adam it's gonna sprout because of
Friday 13 today
it's Friday the 13th and today I want
you guys to be careful out there I don't
want nobody driving cuz you're gonna get
a speeding ticket from a cop I don't
want no one going shopping because
you're gonna slip on a grape in the
store Friday 13th is a day to fear
everybody we gotta stop touching my gosh
I think we should just plan charter for
again I was just touching her Ted if
anybody can do it you might play in
charter for ago but anyway I'm cutting
this intro short I don't want to talk
anymore
I'm afraid of Friday the 13th I'm gonna
lock myself into a room I'm gonna bet
not really come on there's no such thing
as Friday all there is I smell chemical
fuck around on this shitty great frigate
you could have told me you were washing
the dishes oh come on it's not a big
deal the entire intro is real with wow I
bet it's fine
no you can't mess wrong with that okay
Michael you're bad luck known as an
asshole why are you doing that it was
funny all right I'll stop so coming in
here to get the Jason mask to prank
Bridgette with and I'm really scared
Claude you gotta go there's rat stuff in
here you gotta go but okay she told me
that it was like a rat in the garage and
I'm scared of it so I just need my mask
in my machete to prank Bridget with
while she's in the shower
whoo I watch me clean the mash spied as
a paranoid she told me they would invite
even a rat in the garage I'm cleaning
the mask out just in case I don't want
and I got a hurry she's up there taking
a shower gotta guess
okay yeah okay
sorry what I just turn into fat Jason
whatever Michael please get out
no yes I turned the camera the wall I
know they're so good I eyes oh poor
little baby bitch right yeah yeah all
right
you so mean to me hey I hope you can see
me he goes round number two
what are you doing nothing get out doing
shit yeah Oh Michael what dude why can't
I take a shower in peace please get out
what everyone camera cares right they
are oh all right I'm turning it off
so you said we go to the movies tonight
yeah what you want to see I don't know
there's a couple I want to see you like
what just green room green screen room
and I see arm but that money monster all
right the rating has like a 50% though
really yeah sorry
happy Friday 13 what I don't care you
have bad luck tonight for some reason
mad are you mad at me are you gonna pray
back or something Jason it's Jason oh my
god Jason okay Shh is it that scary yes
you're scared of Jason may go let's go
to the dark one and scare the dark
they're all you'll laugh at you
everybody wants you pranked all right
I'm sorry
set my apology
I need an answer
do you accept Bridget
do you remember things you fucking diet
or something can stop that bitch
hey shit hey are you gone should have
done that I'm going downstairs now fuck
ma'am
so I'm done franking Bridget and she
just asked me there's some freaking
toothpaste out of this dirty shit last
night I needed my spiky Oh
oh my god I tried it I keep forgetting
we got two things Jesus Christ eat all
right here we go
I'm happy I think I was able to squeeze
every a little bit that I could Hey
really Michael really seriously
seriously that was not funny was very
fun now it wasn't click like if that was
funny that wasn't funny yeah it was very
funny just like this video that was not
you're gonna like it and you know it
whatever that was not cool
why are you we gotta talk about why
you're scared of the dog no we're gonna
figure this out I didn't go to the dark
since 2012 since this like a recent
story you've been scared of the dark
yeah okay we're gonna figure this out
now very soon no I got it we got to
figure this out why you for scared of it
for 2012 I've always slept with no
lights now I have to sleep with the
light and I don't like being in the dark
okay guys tweet Bridget and let's figure
out what tweeter Kelly you want to hear
the story I want to know why the hell
you scared
okay fine but my link is right there
come on I gotta add that in I hate
editing well that's gonna be a fir day
you guys oh forgot I did em glasses
that's gonna be it for today guys thanks
for watching
prank Bridget whatever I was trying to
lean on you Jesus are you mad I'm kind
of mad I really freakin scared me I'm
gonna legit about to cry you knew I had
that Jason missiles where the hell like
this for a minute well you know I don't
think that when I'm trying to take a
nice peaceful hot awesome shower nothing
about getting scared
Oh anyway I'm gonna get out of here
thanks for watching you guys probably
gonna go check out grandpa today or
tomorrow I don't know I don't want to
tip them off so I'm sometime soon I
don't know when I'm gonna go sometime
zoom to check out and see if grandpa's
really sleepin in the back of his truck
yeah he's not he says he is I think we
should go over random that's what I'm
saying I don't want to tell them win but
pretty soon we're gonna check on grandpa
but I want to get out of here hope you
guys had a better Friday the 13th then
burger to room click like and you want
me to keep pranking her ah they want me
to prank you
they want no thanks for watching you
guys like subscribe favorite fill in
everything for johast okay guys I'm not
really scared of the dark
yeah yeah no I'm not we got a debt we
got to dwell into that later for now I'm
not scared
