what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here bitch I was - yeah
and today it's Thursday and today it's
throwback Thursday is it Thursday as
photos one say dude it's Thursday you're
freaking me out yes it's Thursday
Thursday May 12 yes we plan uncharted so
much do you freakin lost track
everything today's Thursday
a thief's end Thursday - didn't I don't
work today is Thursday don't worry no
today is Thursday and today we're
breaking that cure ago
I'm really gonna miss that yesterday you
wanted to get rid of it okay let me just
okay we can break you to see if there's
mold but I really want to get another
one so yesterday bridge I was like I'm
down with caring and today she uses a
coffee pot for one day and she's ready
to go back to Keurig because it takes
like 20 minutes for my coffee ready but
I don't get all 20 minutes whoa it's
awful I really missed the cure
well everybody clicked like yesterday so
we're tearing this Keurig dug up okay
but can I please get new one not today
probably today's Thursday today's gonna
be throwback Thursday got a story later
gonna break a Keurig gonna play some
uncharted that's it for the intro I hope
there's no mold I hope there is a fellow
guilty getting a new one let's get this
Thursday started princess style no
Bridget style style all right guys I'm
gonna miss it so much I bet there's a
cake up inside I leave it in the fridge
oh I'm going to show it cake up still in
there
Oh Christmas blend hi we open this thing
up dude I don't know okay we have the
meat tenderizer over there we can use
that what else we got do that you got a
baseball bat no oh my gosh
everybody wanted to see it Bridget I
the function of the dogs out with us
probably not well you can't come girl so
we are about to destroy this curing I'm
gonna take it out to the yard we're
gonna destroy it and before people get
mad and these all why'd you destroy it
if you didn't see the yesterday's vlog
the reason we're going to destroy the
keurig is because we read a report that
there are mold inside Keurigs the people
are getting sick
so Bridget decided yesterday she does a
one-er curing anymore she want to
destroy it now she wants another one
she's going to get accurate bag but we
at least want to see if there's mold in
it so let's go break this shit okay
we're just the first thing we're gonna
okay where would the mold be oh my gosh
gee I don't even know um okay I feel
like you should break this part all
right man this is a lot louder than I
expected right it's harder to break oh
we should check that Bella's freaking
out what are you dying mama drinks from
that what is all that it looks like
coffee coffee okay there's no more there
all right
this thing is not breaking yeah it's
pretty durable crazy I gotta give the
Keurig what you built
sturdy product this is not easy okay
that's pretty hard but one of those
cinder blocks in that cage over there
hey these freakin thing go get the super
block for me okay
Michael no they're spiders I'll just
grab it no he's one of those this yeah
Lisa's break apart so I have an idea
what about have you ever seen the movie
office space uh yeah no well yeah
there's a scene where they're destroying
a fax machine and like rap music is
playing but if I start beating the shit
out of this thing with my one of my
songs playing I like it
let's bash this thing yeah pulling up to
the house lights off gun pulled past on
black clothes and the mast on bus Daniel
October I got a bad run so packed full
kill anyone that won some coughing and
calling the daughter all of us all and
me falling no but the father of a slowly
valiant I thought it would be a mercy to
follow him in the kitchen is longer I'm
all the time and the daughter is drawing
them an ass or now I gotta have helical
Mason trying to crank up with a coconut
cheese I really feel like this is not
just a rumor like we destroyed my
awesome carriage for nothing
Oh sex well I mean I guess it's good you
know I'm not drinking mold but I went
out of it is it water is a battery acid
don't say it
holy cow battery acid burning my face
are you serious no good
oh you guys this is a busted-up Jarek
and there is no mold oh why does he do
that is crazy so no mold and a little
too how oh look
so Michael isn't helping me pick this up
filming this so he knows what asshole he
is lame weird I smell like a chemical or
something what are you doing are you
serious now want you to stop yeah
Michael what what did I miss a lot of
stuff you're such an asshole you know
that
oh yeah what you freaking out you got
him all riled up apologize
I'm sorry dogs but daddy is I think
inserted is all the keurig oh no it's
not all done know why I decided to try
and get you out there with me nope
nothing and now you're playing Uncharted
what is this
Brigitte Curie
Michael I'm turning off the power do
your friend don't mess around help me
this is not right make me help
oh I hurt myself break and make sure of
a car for you why are you recording this
have you talked to your dad yeah we were
just discussing this you why you want to
record it everyone wants to know I know
but it's freaking embarrassing
put the camera gosh fun he won't return
my phone calls
I talked to Charles I don't know what
the fuck's going on dude I think he's
sleeping in the house personally I think
he's just dicking you around honestly
yeah of course he is dude now oh sure
it's okay don't put up with that I know
he can't live without coffee so unless
he's going to McDonald's he doesn't have
coffee oh my gosh and I highly doubt
that how would that work I don't think
he likes McDonald's coffee actually why
is that I just don't think he does I
never ever ever ever ever see him
drinking it every we never seen in the
morning we wake up at noon oh my god
that's so true what is that you're
recording it no no I'm not doing
anything Mike I see it under the glass
table Bridget Rick it's clear I recorded
all that I don't want to use it
well I'm humiliated by it for food my
father hates me that's humiliate oh my
gosh he's dicking you around okay but
there's me there's an AP he doesn't hate
you so before I get out of here today I
wanted to tell a throwback Thursday
story and being that we just destroyed
the Keurig I thought how fitting
wouldn't be to tell another destroying
coffeepot story involving angry grandpa
because he's just write a bunch of
coffee pots a couple on video a couple
not on video a couple during my
childhood so I wanted to tell a
throwback Thursday story this one again
comes from 2002 just like the last story
the same house same time frame angry
grandpa destroyed his cup I don't say he
destroyed the cuff but it was kind of
like I destroyed it anyway
bridges heard the story it's fucked up
check this out so back in 2002 grandpa
had this obsession with like being
served like well he sit at the table
filled with me some mashed potatoes some
beef stew and a glass tea like I don't
know if you felt like king of the castle
but bring me food he like being served
diner style we have to pour him cups of
coffee
Merkle top off my coffee and I bring a
freaking coffee pot that all for you too
fill it back up I would be expecting a
tip on the table when he's done he just
like being served diner style it made
him feel more important I don't know
like he was a man with power I don't
know
the only power was in his electric
wheelchair oh my god so one day grandpa
as he did Merkel your fat ass in here
yeah homie a cup of coffee I go get the
coffee pot I went to pour the coffee in
his cup and the sides of it the glass
like Bowl but the coffee touches his arm
and all hell breaks loose
okay he flips out knocks the coffeepot
out of my hand which in turn drives it
on the floor and it breaks getting
coffee and glass on his feet Oh fellas
this is hot coffee folks yeah this is
very hot so it cracks he's in a
wheelchair by the way just rolling long
oh yeah so he gets out of his wheelchair
after Oleum circles he's bitching at me
he's yelling at me in the face you
stupid fat motherfucker you did it on
purpose
and of course now that doesn't have a
coffee bulb he takes the rest of the pot
and like I was slinging it in the video
starts slinging it on the floor by the
wire no more coffee pot huh it was an
accident
I broke the bulb but that's the story
it's a quick story I know but it was i
poured coffee dropped it on his feet it
broke he rode over on his wheelchair and
he slammed the rest of the coffee pot by
the wire oh my gosh still not as bad as
the time that I've burned the shit out
of him with I told that old story oh wow
well that's gonna be a for today guys
thanks for watching
destroyed Bridget's Keurig told the
story you can get in here just a minute
virgin don't worry pretties like getting
closer Michael don't worry just kind of
let everyone know that I am pretty sad
about my Keurig you'll get another one
relax I'm just sad I've had it for like
two years Oh God you have such
sentimental attachment to it
no I've use it every single day what
kind of sentimental attachment is that
you'll forget about it with the new
Keurig so anyway I'm gonna get out of
here told you the story about when
grandpa was freaking that was hilarious
the best part of the story to me when I
remember is grandpa in that wheelchair
doing circles
you know like tell me yeah I want to
show it how it was so funny it's on his
feet and as if circlings gonna help mo
city ain't helping oh my god
so anyway thanks for watching you guys I
don't know when we're gonna go see
grandpa uh it's kind of been a good week
without it right anyway it's been nice
it has been nice haven't heard from him
uh I would be more worried than I am but
I have talked to Charles yeah he's at
the house
so whatever I'll pop in sometime maybe
maybe Saturday or Sunday or something
with it away he will so anyway thanks
for watching you guys like subscribe
favorite fun on everything but you guys
let's go play some each are tight yes
I'm getting this alcoholic pepper what's
wrong with you
to drive so anyway oh my gosh it's so
cute can I try a strong wait
