what's going on you guys kid be on a
camera here Fisher was here right there
and the sunlight is just too much we've
been in the living room playing
Uncharted all day so this sunlight is
unruly let's go in let's get in the oh
my eyes door open
yes what's going on you guys bald onion
fuck behind a camera here hey get in
says he yeah I was hoping you would say
that I was like I was inside I was like
I hope she makes a joke thing to like
Piggott incest tells good to get m50d i
right there and today we were going in
charted I did yeah I talking what is day
what is day this game this game has
turned our brains into mush mush sounds
pretty good right now I want some mush
to eat today is what I forgot already is
it Wednesday
no it's Wednesday I feel Wednesday May
11 today is Wednesday I need of the date
too I wouldn't know
today is winds oh we had an appointment
today have you forgot to go to a
doctor's appointment I had an eye
appointment today and we just totally
forgot about it till just now
oops you are five hours late sir
fuck it reschedule for next year Oh
anyway today is Wednesday today we
playing uncharted constantly it's out of
control today we make a really good team
though like when things are really hard
Michael doesn't for me Michael I don't
know how to do this bridgie you just hit
trying she is stuck a lot today is
Wednesday today we're gonna get this
Wednesday started I got nothing else to
say cuz I just want to do the internship
alright I should be honest I want to go
play a charter right oh my gosh yes
love you guys get started so Britney
just got a new coffeemaker because she
read a report that cure eggs like
develop like mold so she switched back
to a regular coffee pot if you guys want
us to smash this cure the fuck up and
see if it's got mold in it click like
and we'll do it tomorrow
dude I was loved
no because there's a lot of report
saying that there's mold and those
carrots
I want to go medieval on this fucking
thing so we're gonna bash the shit out
of this so click like and we're gonna
fuck it up honestly I'm probably gonna
be a little sad we're gonna cry goodbye
Crick that's my babies everybody hurts
so we're gonna bash this shit up real
good let us know if you want to see it
we're starting this vlog off at 7:30
yeah sheesh
thanks a lot uncharted right we're gonna
eat dude that's the thing we have to get
out of this house to frickin eat I'm
tired of being home good I was out there
for a minute I can't take it anymore
Michael yes I can you said you know that
I guys you said you would give you the
control your fuckin kill me at all throw
to control the wall dude I want to play
it's my turn you died several times
if I have to kill those people I don't
gosh so rude can I please play Bridget
you've been playing all day
I have not you have me give me that shit
I'm just gonna what happened
ah started back see if I got killed yes
fine I killed him Eve oh god doesn't
much better I'm in this game of here you
know you know I'm better than you
no you're not yes I am Hey joking around
Bert Michael what let me play hey
everybody uh I'm Bridget come on play oh
thank you
kick the TV so if you're wondering why I
have a big bald head click the link
below check out yesterday's vlog and
you'll see uh I thought that I had fleas
I thought they had fleas all right we
had to get out of the house we we had to
we have been cooped up in the house for
a week playing uncharted you play the
first three now we're putting before one
I'm so addicted and we had to get out of
the house we haven't really left the
house one the whole dad thing I got to
go anyway weird sticky fingers and I'm
just gelling and I'm so stressed up
Bridgend Limon getting a cocktail Hey
yeah what's in it
blue kuri kaya or something that's a
heavy heavy out yes I'm getting this
alcoholic beverage what is wrong with
you can I get one too you have to drive
so anyway do you have non-alcoholic
doubt it
oh my gosh it's so cute can I try it
yeah we'll try this strong wait I don't
know about those so you don't drink I'm
drinking now sorry let me try it then
you have to drive Michael I think I can
handle a sub y and rum
it's like good so like if you get drunk
what should what should we call this
vlog okay
come on two sips it's not a car he's so
funny to mark him is it good yeah yes so
I've decided that I'm probably not gonna
call dad today
it's just freaks out you know he doesn't
answer me anyway when I do call he
hasn't texted me he doesn't want to talk
I'm not gonna talk I'm just trying to
let's just enjoy life and bland takenori
what's I'm taking a break my dear
himself from all this shit you deserve
that we deserve it oh my gosh
on a sidenote unrelated feels good to be
outside now the sun's down right because
I'm not dealing with that sunlight I
know anyway we should do the outro I
just oh let's do the outro that's gonna
be it for today you guys thanks for
watching I feel like I got bald or like
since the beginning of the log I gotta
tell you your head looks so much better
oh yeah I didn't even clued BAE yet so
yesterday when I cut my hair if you
haven't seen the video again check out
the link below after I cut my hair every
time I do it I get razor burn all over
my head like I almost felt really bad
for you I put a V no lotion all over
life had I looked like the guy from home
alone when the fucking torch
and like the sores all over his head
that's what I look like though yesterday
after I did the vlog was like okay my
vlog saving let's go get us something to
eat and we decided to go to Walgreens to
break it beside it anyway
check this out it's not funny right now
so me and Bridget just decided and we
got recorded from the phone got the
camera me and purchased how we were
gonna go to Walgreens oh no no we were
going to Walgreens we're going to get
fast food and bridge like let's go to
Walgreens well problem number one
problem number two no hat problem the
three African razor burn overhead oh my
gosh make it look so bad in this late
are you serious is where it's so red
right now at least one camera holy crap
and then there's a hole on you sick it's
like I just wouldn't crawled off the
street wait this back oh you're so cute
though I'm sorry I love you is that how
it looked or did it look worse on camera
honestly Michael I think it looked worse
oh yeah are you lying and then he was
telling the cashier lady that I did it
to him yeah I was lying to the cashier
was defaming her character I was like
she put a cigarette out of my head and
Bridget trying to think that I was
coming to get mange cream just like did
you get your main screen guard this oh
my gosh we do it everywhere we go anyway
I'm gonna get out of here maybe good day
though today was a good day I didn't
hear from dad I didn't bother calling
dad you guys saw I decided I wasn't
gonna do it not gonna bother with it but
now I'm gonna get out of here Adi yeah
thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe favorite fun on everything
rich it was and that's it does use her
mange cream yet I stopped recording
already
I'm playing uncharted without you yeah
I'm playing uncharted now what's up okay
I thought I did it all the way woops i
fell be good Belle had enough your shit
Michael
good what there's so many fleas in your
water this move on it okay
