what's going on you guys kid beyond a
camera here
Brigitte West not here if you didn't see
the vlog I put up yesterday it was the
Brigid free vlog a vlog without Brigitte
and today she's back she might oh damn
galvan ah Christ actually you walk into
my shoe I know I'm sorry you said - my
nail I'm just oh my god said look at it
so fucked up looking always Oh
today is Tuesday May 10 was that all
necessary have you been out of the vlog
that long because I have been so long
like Orcas out to my own spies I was
really hurting me bad I did not seven
damn toe you walking in my foot doing
your knees to look at my toe please
today
I think I got fleas oh did you forget
eggs
that's dandruff I think I got fleas
today folks you can tell by the title
pick a boy's got fleas and the reason I
think that I got fleas are because last
night I was laying down and Bella was
laying beside me on her back and I
looked and fleas were on her stomach
which means the dogs have fleas
now we checked the dogs once a week
luckily they didn't have it last week so
this is sort of new but we had to give
all the dogs flea baths today poor thing
don't worry they won't get any good
so we've already given Clyde his bad
lazy and house tells her I wish I was
Philly when we started she just jumped
in I know this is like never done that
before
and now I'm finding myself Ichi as hell
I think it's on your head but I mean
maybe but either way I'm shaving my head
today folks cuz I don't want the fleas
in my hair you can please turn into
lenka lice now they cannot don't even I
don't know I actually don't anyway
Piccolo's got fleas I'm gonna shave my
head today
I'm free don't look at me you make me
feel like they're all over me oh my god
what it's all the beer head what so
today I decided to put on a white
t-shirt which you barely ever see me in
while I'm getting my hair cut for once
you can see it falling for two I want to
put back on my filthy cover me shirt so
I wanted to take this one off but the
problem is you see my fucking nipples
through my fucking pepperoni nipples are
popping right through the goddamn white
shirt so let's get this haircut started
trying to do this without frigid felling
so she doesn't come bothering me I'm
getting my hair cut
all over fleas
you're recording I'm just trying to get
a thumbnail good you look like shaved
boo I just want to come now
I can't see it I can't though I don't
know what the thumbnails gonna look like
like like I don't know but it looks like
you look in the mirror
give me the thing look get off me hair
oh my god
give me this
you're making this really hard for me to
get a thumbnail I need a pickle boy has
fleas thumbnail are you depressed Dave
whoa Abbi I just want the thumbnail
oh you're look at myself making goofy
faces and you're laughing I'm serious
what well I'm into the garage today it
was Brad shit fucking around are you
serious
call freaking somebody well they can't
really do anything they put something
out the racks that terrifies me like I
didn't know it's like Google rat shit
and it looked just like it
I ever saw you just call my name Michael
oh my god yeah I gotta get the other
half on shit Regan's can't believe I got
fleas bridge is gonna cut it now it's
gonna get on your knees please don't
hurt me well okay
and I want to hurt you from not and I
don't even know that I never ever
purposely tried hurting you before yeah
but you did good bro dude the last time
the video Clues show you jam it in the
back of my head and laugh about it
you're lying right now
won't laughing at me oh wait good what
there's so many fleas near quiet holy
crap ah stop that
there's my got it okay
you're getting better at this yeah well
I look flee free you do wait what
you're fucking now stop by going to so
much about the fleas you should put a
shower
I am itchy has a head brushing down
working on my person firing face who I
just can't wait to be king
oh I just can't wait what are you
singing
what what did you thank you
flanking listen no to make kings and
vagabonds ah okay that's just rude
cannot be my date tonight tonight right
beside present Oh - boom my entire nose
oh my god Michael alright
I'm recording what somebody guarding
okay fuck turn that off
dude turn off the phone fucking I can't
keep singing no yeah hey so I was
talking to Charles today and Charles was
telling me that dad did sleep in his
truck last night he made a pillow and a
blanket and he slept in the bed of his
truck last night do you really believe
it no I don't either
it's like I feel like it's seeming more
and more like this part of a prank or
something I agree we could always just
it's like what if I just show up like we
did with the tent and see if he's
sleeping I don't want to do it today
I don't want to do it fucking tomorrow I
just I'm taking a break
let's just go randomly I'm saying I
don't wanna say imma do it today I don't
do it tomorrow because Charles Tim heard
Michael coming over tomorrow so I want
to just pop and randomly click like if
you think I should just go over at night
and see if grandpa's sleeping in his
freaking truck there's like we do with
the tent dude it's a stupid already it's
just go sleep in your bed if if he's not
I don't know
he's so dicking around just as method
you know it I feel like it yeah yeah so
I just read a report on Facebook that
says your cats are just waiting for the
right moment to kill you are you serious
yeah hey Felix is that what's going on
here
lady fill it out for us find out like
she loves right you know so you want to
kill
us so right now Bridget and I are
playing uncharted 4 in this game is
freakin amazing oh my gosh I really
don't show too much of it because it's
so new but the graphics are fucking
amazing the story is freakin amazing
it's one of those games you have to play
the others like if you've not played the
first three uncharted you kind of have
to play deploy yeah definitely like this
is freaking amazing this is the reason
that the vlogs not coming out of 4
o'clock she was supposed to come out of
4 today but then we started pulling in
charted and now it's 7:30 oh so are you
in a better mood
I watched the vlog from yesterday are
you in a better mood but a way better
mood today I can tell you seem real
happy thanks for cleaning your welcome
was playing charted so the guy that I
use for a lot of my music montages Jeff
riddle just put out a new CD it's called
destroy the debut album from Jeff riddle
in the Bella Vista Social Club and I
wanted to promote it for him because not
enough people are listening to this
thing and I really think it's it's
astounding it's amazing gum here to his
band camp page the link is below check
it out the guy really killed it deserves
for a lot of people to listen to it so
check out the link below and listen to
the new Jeff rebel stuff well that's
gonna be it for today guys thanks for
watching onion fuck behind the camera
here oh my god yeah I love a new shape
your head you're so cute so thanks for
watching thought I had fleas shape might
have an itch sense so on your head ain't
nothing in my head now so I'm gonna get
here thanks for watching you guys
remember click the link below and listen
to Jeff riddles music it's awesome this
new CD is really good I'm really proud
of this guy fucking awesome check it out
I know he's pretty cool he's once again
cameras overheating I'm gonna get here
thanks for watching you guys how's your
ear so it's pretty good thanks for
watching you guys oh I really missed you
guys yesterday well they didn't miss you
boom boom boom you know what that's not
true every
like Khan Drive Pomerance that's it
love you guys Hey shit yeah yeah follow
everything thanks for watching
oh my god oh don't do the five Singh
cameras overheating
all right Bella you're all fleet up
congratulations you helped get out no
she said wants to fuck out oh well there
you go big girl you Sherman ourselves
she as quick as hell right now she's
tired of crap
