what's going on you guys kick me out a
camera here bridge the West not here and
today is Monday and the reason that
bridge will West is not here is because
bridge will West has asleep because
right now it's two o'clock in the
morning and as some of you may have seen
by the fact that I uploaded this vlog
probably a five in the morning it's the
fact that this is a bridge at free vlog
that's the name of the title Bridgette
free vlog and if you're wondering why
I'm starting this vlog off at 2:00
o'clock in the morning it's because I
didn't have I don't know the word I
don't want to say the motivation but you
know it's not that I've been depressed
all day it's just that I tried calling
dad I called my brother he doesn't want
to talk to me and it feels different
than the other times he flipped out and
it's one of those things where it's this
kind of thing takes a toll on you if you
haven't seen what I'm talking about but
you didn't see the video we put up
yesterday
grandpa moved out of the house and the
last I heard he was sleeping in the bed
of his truck last night and I was gonna
go see if he really was but I want to
give Miss space at the same time he does
deserve his space he's an adult man he
deserves space I'm gonna give it to him
I'm gonna try to give him an entire week
and then go talk to him but today it's
just been one of those have not really
felt like doing anything you know it's
it's a little embarrassing I'll show you
guys in just a minute what the kitchen
looks like I just I ordered a bunch of
food I went to freakin Walmart and got a
bunch of food I've been eating all day
and playing video games and I didn't
pick up a camera and so anyway I'm gonna
go ahead and get this Monday started
Bridgette freestyle click like if you're
excited to have a vlog without Bridgette
because that's what this is a vlog
without Bridgette let's get this
Monday's it's actually Tuesday but let's
get it started so right now I'm filming
the fridge because I'm about to show you
the kitchen
but before I showed you the kitchen I
wanted to explain explain myself so as I
said I've been depressed all day and
today was just my get fatter eat and
don't do anything day and I promise to
Bridget that I would clean it because
it's a huge mess probably the worst it's
ever been here we go we'll start here
this is one counter one counter full of
freaking but here's a taco I never ate
Jesus Christ so we got that boom oh my
god I never even opened these
Smuckers Uncrustables ended up making
some tacos wasn't satisfied with that so
I wouldn't had to order some freaking
pizza one satisfied with that so I
heated up a freaking mac and cheese home
man ate some ice cream sundaes obviously
at one point I thought I was gonna eat
some ramen noodles so I got a freakin
rapid ramen cooker so this is what my
kitchen looks like right now the living
room is not that much better got
freaking stuff everywhere here's the
macaroni I didn't finish it so I'm gonna
go ahead and start cleaning here comes
the music montage folks there go boy
cleans and I'm wearing boxers so to do
this music montage I'm going to have to
set the camera on something I don't have
a tripod so I will sit it in these
Schmucker spot look at this is my tripod
whoa oh it's swaying a little bit how
much changing this
okay now we're gonna try some too loaded
fry boxes and let's clean wipe down this
freaking man this is a lot of work let
me tell ya I don't know I just got a lot
more spec for bridges let me tell you
what she does this all the time
I never help makes me feel like I should
help more you know this is crazy
fuck you lookin at you piece of shit
so I'm still working on it but this is
where I am right now boss watching
Monday Night Raw because I missed it
because I was too busy eating and
playing video games so I'm watching that
now and fields is watching me clean so
really quick I wanted to update you guys
on what I know about what's going on
with angry grandpa I wasn't able to
articulate what I wanted to say very
well in the intro because I just was not
in a very good you know I'm feeling a
little better not doing some cleaning
still not done with that but I'm still
you know feeling a little bitter so
we're gonna take a moment to just talk
about what I talked about with Charles
earlier so I called Charles earlier my
brother and he told me that dad did
sleep in the back of his truck last
night and he tried it he told him not to
he didn't listened but he slept in the
back of his truck last night and today I
was told that he's not even there well I
tried calling that he didn't answer me
he's got his phone back cuz he came home
and he got his phone but he didn't
answer my phone calls but I talked to
Charles and he said that Dad was home so
I don't know what's going on that's all
I know he's talking about not going back
into the house he
talking about not sleeping in the truck
because I bought the truck whatever
that's that's all I know
this is awesome for the past few days
Bridgend I've been playing the Uncharted
collection and we actually beat it
earlier and now it's time to start
uncharted 4 which just came out and
Bridget you're not gonna like this I'm
gonna see what the menu looks like
before you I get to see you I want to
hear it oh that's loud but you'll hear
it and wake up and then it won't be a
bridge of free vlog Oh sick already
it's like a fucking pirate hanging in
the cage mad Bridget I saw the menu
before you well that's gonna be it for
today you guys thanks for watching short
video but you know I wanted I didn't
want to not upload and let you guys know
what was happening I wanted to let you
guys know you know for one if I I don't
even know what's going on it's so late
I'm exhausted but I knew I'm gonna get
out of here
Bridget free blog and I'm gonna get out
of here thanks for watching you guys
hopefully I'll have an update about
what's going on with dad tomorrow for
you guys but anyway that's gonna be it
clean the house saw the in charter band
you didn't really do much but I wanted
to upload something for you guys and
tell you guys an update of what's been
happening and that's what I got so
thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe favorite
and that's
