what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here right there that's my line
she's got it you know you got to stop
taking my lines today is Saturday stop
today I don't know what's going on
bridgett decided not to talk we can have
a bridge of free culture today folks
smack a like button cuz you don't want
Bridget in the intro okay Bridget talk
to the audience let's see what you gotta
say
so today I'm gonna shave this through
this
I'm cutting my hair folks it's just
gotten out of control yeah okay yeah you
gotta step away from me I don't know
what you're saying anymore
you know it's funny that you're not
talking at all but I can't know what
your mouth saying cuz you know so I
don't fucking get it so you know I don't
know what that is I don't get it
stop this Bridget free intro means your
faces in it either so anyway today is
Saturday today no no no no no today I
don't know I'm covering your mouth now
I'm talking today is Saturday today this
is going and today I think I just
implied that I was cutting my own head
off cuz today this is going anyway let's
get this Saturday started Bridget
freestyle no now I'm gonna take my
guesses at what Bridget said during the
intro let's take a look I smell like
shit and I pooped the bed and I have
diarrhea pants oh oh my god that's
repulsive
what would you say here Bridget
sometimes I like to wear diapers and
walk around the room like a crab cuz I
smell like shit oh my god Bridget well
that stuff is clean we're all something
before that's filthy
don't even go there okay dad's gonna say
something about what I'm wearing if I
wear jeans to hall Chophouse bra I'm
gonna be wearing an eat sleep in your
grandpa a peach shirt you weren't this
yeah I'm wearing this anyway well I want
to look halfway decent cuz I know dad's
gonna say some shit so right now we are
on our way to Hall's Chop House for a
little bit of Mother's Day dinner and
we're also celebrating Burgess cousin's
birthday and angry grandpa's coming to
halls chop Alice oh I love this place
you guys click like a long time ago
because you want to grab pas de trois
chop pals
we haven't been since I think it was
might have been Valentine's Day anyway
we have the back since we're going back
tonight in anger grandpa's joining
you're wearing any pants well I will be
at all's like we you can't go to hall
shop house like that
so bridges go into halls chop house and
this is what she's wearing
you know what what is wrong with my
outfit this is a nice place you weren't
eat sleep angry grandpa repeat dude
they're casual by the way if you want
your own eat sleep anger ground power
pitcher not this one we're going with
the ps4 on it click the link pop and
over bridge it's disgusting hen just
disgusting today sweetie oh don't do
that makes me feel bad joking it's a
joke
were you fucking with me yes I did you
know me hey oh my gosh come on good
alright buddy come on out baby alright
now we slam it on her oh my god
tired of it with you so right now we're
about to turn down this road and people
are no why don't drive this is why
bright oh my gosh you're gonna distract
me no prize okay don't you fuck around I
can't go I don't know oh then we can
make it I don't think so oh my god I'm
not keeping this in the vlog ah don't
laugh I'm not keeping it so keep
laughing I love I'm not keeping it yeah
you are
please don't make me make it with ice
cream fuck is on an ting no just like a
six number try :
I told him 6 o'clock it's five to the
band maybe he's there
why would he answer though maybe it
sounds unlimited
yeah
has dad left yet
sleeping
what
let me yeah let me call you back right
sleeping what Paul's Chop House is like
and how are we
she was not coming
stop tell me please so we've been here
at Hall's top house for about 45 minutes
yeah no dad he has an aunt repeat call
Charles who says that he's missing now
let's enjoy our meal I was holding on
home huh we don't wait on dad are you
guys ready to could just go in this is
very rude of dad let me tell you about
it I know it you Charlie Murtagh so dad
finally called me and he doing that
taking Aneesa I don't know
I forgot that once again I've got gals
two more mothers days turned a you top
this month oh my gosh he was trying to
get out of this morning I could ask
though why was he even invited cuz I
wanted him to come to Hall shops but you
weren't invited to his cookout well he's
an asshole I'm not ups true I invited he
knew it was today now he's trying to
pretend he did you wait until it was too
late
so here's send me she insisted that I
film are so people know that her face
isn't warped so smiles right now you
know I have brownies on my teeth yeah
yesterday yeah okay that's fine
so here's my steak I got the Wagyu beef
and I got a peppercorn
what is it brandy sauce we all we got
all these sides and stuff Georgia what
is that that is a wet aged bone-in
ribeye with shuttle butter Cindy what is
that they go rib ah Bridget double fries
oh my god Celeste dessert time Lewis
Brasil caramel like bananas foster kid
dude it's like my favorite hey you can
taste alcohol in it just like I bet you
go light that on fire I don't want you
though I want to eat it well good dad
missed him he did I feel like I never
show enough food when I come here so I'm
showing to focus on this cake for 20
seconds so right now I am staying in the
garage we just got back from halls
chopped house and I wanted to take a
minute to just be pissed off alone
because dad one stood me up skipped out
on dinner number two he started calling
me on the way home and he's totally
bitching at me because we went to Hall's
Chop House without it and he was invited
and he knew it was today and he so
anyway dad you missed out on a good ask
meal and I don't wanna talk too loud
Wilbert you to hear me
I missed dad you missed out on a good
meal and I'm not gonna let you fucking
blame me good so I just got a text
message from dad just now feeling blur
come on bastard Louie this project we
need talk comm tomato without the
ducting vid can and we hash it out was
why
tomato Oh we'll try to make sense of
this we need to talk come tomorrow
without the fucking video camera and
we'll hatch it out hello I'm bringing
that camera of course I'll bring a
fucking camera I'll hide it or something
who this we need talk come on we're
going to sleep we need talk calm tomato
without ducking vid and Jesus anyway
that's it I guess we're going to Dad's
tomorrow oh my god that's gonna be a
fruit of you guys thanks for watching I
don't know if the vlogs short or not I
didn't record very much at host Chop
House
I just been too pissed off over dad that
was kind of annoying
he definitely missed out you missed a
dude it was oh my god I got the Wagyu
beef it was fucking melt in your mouth
delicious Bridget got some why not I got
a when aged bone-in rib eye and good my
Wagyu beef I got this like peppercorn
like I think I said it on the video
either way delicious meal I fucking love
hauls truffles hey go get my hat they
gave me a fucking hat oh my gosh okay
let's put it on shall we
hauls Chop House now they are not paying
me to do this if they weren't it would
have to say sponsored content they have
not sponsored me I just love them no
look ever entrusted to Yelp they are the
best steakhouse in America I love them
they gave me the hat tonight cuz I was
where my Yankee hat in the dining room
is they hey why don't you wear a Hall
Chophouse hat instead I swear we're not
like sponsoring anything we just it's
our favourite restaurant so when do I
want to get out of here thanks for
watching you guys remember if you have
any other versions of what bridge is
saying
feel free to yank that clip out of the
video I forgot about that
anyway tweeters oh my gosh I'm gonna get
out of here thanks for watching you guys
like subscribe favorite if I learn
everything videos grandpa showed us up
tomorrow we hash it you know what made
fun without them I'm about to it's great
time it's great
