what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here bitch I was - yeah right
there and today is Friday it's not but
because we've been playing a video game
it's fun I don't I wear my fucking video
game why Bridget this is not fair I see
what you're I see what she what she's
doing here folks
she's trying to say a bunch of time so I
have to edit the vlog while he plays the
game please stop it
no fuck today is Friday and today we're
starting off this blog at nine o'clock
9:15 at night we lost track of time
thanks I'm charted - seriously look at
what we're almost done with it we're
playing uncharted the other reason the
wireless control is disconnected is
because we had to go buy snacks last
week I told everybody to click like if
you wanted to see the extra scenes from
the tin can challenge and you guys click
like you wanted to see it I don't know
how much I have this might be a minute
this might be 40 seconds it might be 2
minutes or maybe 45 minutes it won't
she's already done with the intro folks
no I'm not let's get this Friday started
wait fuck you're filthy I don't know no
no don't touch I see the video let's cut
to the tin can challenge stuff go 5
style so dad's can opener was complete
fail so we've had to run a power cord to
get an electric can opener I guess all
right now it doesn't work I'm telling
you it's broke
well I think I know why though
my goodness here you go
he got corn don't go at all shut up
what is that wall all right dear
who we got here to be beeps do
shut up no no they will really have
tripe or beef stew it feels good oh my
god it and it's good oh yeah I think
it's the good stuff like armor or some
shit house armored yeah good you know
you eat what was it it's beef soup where
yes hey well maybe I guess it's better
when you cook it watch you shut up
give me this corn and you and your
hamburger shut up oh god a fine look
fucking interesting shit now I know free
oh you can't give it wrong are you
serious yeah number 10 I don't know what
it is it was your can opener gotta help
Whitney you could come on play you know
I we don't want someone to come to your
barbecue don't invite them
you came you can good doing shut the
hell up I'll tell you what is like back
home for you daddy
Oh God who died absolutely that's gonna
lose me for a while as Whoopie
what is this oh you might sauerkraut
that much you can't do it for o clock
there Oh
oopsies oh it's not me though man
fucking eggs its entrails in there you
got sweet take you say they don't
they're not because you're drunk daddy
you okay
and she'll get rid from Brandon hey it's
my turn
only four cans left the final four it's
my turn
who cares you get all the good stuff
number nine showed to me number nine
number nine
please luck has got its heart out please
don't good
Oh poo God Almighty poo God smiled on me
yeah she what are you grinning for it
cuz I don't know who God is mommy
yeah whatever the hell is the shit yeah
you don't care corn B - this favorite
food when Aizaz how you do de victory
I'm doing a good Gumby - right yeah you
why the fuck does he get all the good
shit bow I don't know what's going on
with this guy dad is killing
though I can't believe you do this
honestly I hope you choke on their
potato in there good go dude
number eight don't be late
then get much liquid in it I'll put them
in appointing and there it was
that was me making sure the only one
left for Tina to draw was so strumming
it's the same thing that I did with
Charlie in the burger in the can looks
more like a vegetable suits them
oh I know it's mayonnaise man what man
what you get to drink it you got your
hamburger in the back put in your family
hey everyone hey there you go take a big
gulp sandwich oh my god Charlie hates me
good it's manwich night I'm not reading
about what you get
so today while we play video games we're
making snacks because we don't got time
to cook any kind of real dinner so we're
making sliders why are you wearing any
pants hey better question why is that
shit now in the kitchen I think it's
cute your shit obsessions out of control
all right right now we're gonna start
making our sliders and the first thing
I'm gonna do and that was gonna work the
folk peanut butter just a little bit of
peanut butter I know it's really what
the hell but I promise it's not going to
taste like peanut butter in there the
next step is these recipe whatever the
fuck French
in soup mixes I'm just gonna pour the
whole pack in there and I'm gonna mix
this up and that's it bro all right the
next step I'm just going to spread it
across on this it's something really
fast gonna take up the whole thing you
spider Bridget oh yeah don't wash my
hands okay as you can see I have
flattened it out now and the next step
is to go ahead and place the raw onions
directly over the top and then that's a
big old chunk I cut there but to fix it
out real quick now let's put them right
into the oven this is gonna cook real
quick and a few minutes later this is
what we have in Bella you can't have
cheese sweetie I'm sorry
however we are going to put some cheese
on top of this and pop it back into the
oven okay cheese is on it and we're
gonna pop it back on for it to mountains
and there it is now I'm going to cut it
into squares okay now I'm going to take
one oh no it fell oh and the cheese came
off bastard fuck this is falling apart
on me now I'm going to put it on a
Hawaiian roll this is a king cilantro I
got two for two sliders easy they're
gonna be different the first one just
gets a pickle and close it up because
that one's done the second one I'm going
to take a risk on it is some sort of
habanero topper looks like it's a pickle
habanero spice kind of thing and put
that one on top of this one could be
disgusting could be delicious here we go
videogame food slider mmm delicious
next up is the one has that habanero
shit on it so I don't here we go
it's good as like a pickled relish
pretty good no burger there's nothing in
your tea you smile bigger hey I'm not
recording smile and after I'm trying to
use the viewfinder see if there's
anything in your teeth now there's
nothing in your teeth it's usually free
recording I am well that's gonna be
forget you guys thanks for watching yeah
I was eating like a debbie cake you were
eating Debbie's cake Michael whoa you
know one of those who's debbie I'm gonna
get out of here thanks for talking about
her what the fuck is Debbie you know all
about Debbie little Debbie yeah you're
right I'm a fat fuck yeah I'm gonna get
out of here thanks for watching you guys
no that was the Friday vlog you saw a
little bit of the tin can challenge saw
me making some sliders so Bridgette was
addicted to Uncharted and I didn't get
to play while editing
I'm done playing the third one - no
we're switching back and forth on that
now Bridget we're switching are you
played the third I'm delete the whole
frickin series oh I'm gonna get out here
thanks for watching don't do that please
anyway I haven't heard from debt I can I
talk haven't heard from dad I want to
talk to dad we're gonna go see it bad
move like/subscribe no favorite
everything for Josh I'd be thankful are
you selfie a little mouse breeder
since we it's tax message it tells me he
left me lunch on the front lunch we won
don't say it don't jinx it if you say
that now leave mine were equals in this
and I accept his apology no that means
we want yeah we freaking won could be a
bag of dog shit hold on
