I was really hoping a man I loved hold
up who is that I don't know if it's Tina
I'm gonna drag her up dude don't drive
up to it like that
what's going on you guys keep me out of
camera here for do this here right there
and today is Tuesday
today is Tuesday and today if you can't
tell I am just ahead me two guys I am a
freaking head floating head and if you
don't know what I'm talking about watch
yesterday's vlog guys today is Tuesday
and today we gotta talk a little bit I
didn't want to do this okay I wanted to
be done with it yesterday but I can't
because Tina's still talking about us
and who cares oh you're the one who told
pulling right over a house and fighting
her oh she was like here okay
but still I care obviously I want to
talk about it it's the only interesting
thing happening I want to talk about it
can I talk about that survey that's on
what our diet yeah great guys I had
written grilled chicken hahaha good we
know what that part that was pretty good
though guys no I want fast food guys
don't look let's talk about Tina there's
a development I'm tired of dealing with
it this is it you know I keep talking
about like how I want to stop talking
about Tina and it seems like every time
that I do and I get to a place where
like yeah I'm done talking about her
something else happens and I just want
to talk about that I want to just talk
about what we're going through right now
number one being how paranoid I'm
getting like for instance last night I
see a car driving by and I'm like who
the hell's that
check this out
who is it it's my neighbors and I don't
want to live this way I don't want to be
afraid that Tina's at my house every
time something's going on and I promised
that I was gonna stop talking about her
and then I stopped talking about her and
then something else happens and somebody
shows up and I think it's her and that
brings it up and it makes me think I
just need to go confront her but I don't
know if that's what I should do should I
do that I mean she's
I just went to Dad's backyard nothing to
do with her and she starts screaming so
what's gonna happen if I actually show
up at her place what's gonna happen
she's gonna get out angry and she's
gonna do something and I don't want that
to happen I feel like I don't know what
I'm thinking you guys I have ideas
running through my head about how this
will go about what I want to do but at
the same time it'll be bad if I do it
we had the restraining order that's gone
you know a lot of people were asking me
about that it was a civil matter and she
agreed to the restraining order herself
she just volunteered and look I'm gonna
talk about when I do my video explaining
everything that happened you're gonna
find out about all that but guys damn it
I don't want to live like this I'm tired
of living like this I'm tired of talking
about her I'm Charla coming home be like
yo what's that I'm tired of waking up in
the middle of the night oligo I thought
I heard something what's that I'm tired
of it and I feel like that the only way
is to approach but I feel like if I
approach her it's gonna make it worse so
I need to just stop and I appreciate you
guys letting me vent like this I needed
a minute to vent I needed just a second
to clear my head and just talk about
everything that's going on because I'm
pissed I'm tired of this I'm tired of
talking about her tired of people asking
me about or tired of people asking if
it's a storyline I'm tired of people
want like the way things ended with her
you think this is a storyline I took her
to court
no it's not a storyline she wants to try
to intimidate us that's the whole thing
that's why she's driving by our house
she wants to intimidate us that's not
gonna work got an idea
so right now we're in the car we're
driving around me and Bridget went to
the grocery store got some stuff for
dinner and I decided that I wanted to
drive by Cindy's house we're not gonna
stop by Jeff Bridges mom's house we're
just gonna drive by the house which in
turn will mean we're gonna be driving by
Tina's house but I want to make it clear
here on the vlog we're not driving by
Tina's house we will be technically and
I'll film it
I mean maybe we're stopping by because
of what happened the last couple days I
mean maybe that's why I was robbed by
Cindy's house just check on her house
because somebody drove by our house so
we're returning the favor so yeah so
everybody knows we're driving by Cindy's
house to check on our then
coincidentally driving by Tina's hey
Tina see in a few minutes get it we got
cars too so right now we're just driving
down the neighborhood to check on Cindy
just to make sure everything's okay and
then we're just gonna get out of here
that is the only reason we're here yes
the old TVs almost over yeah definitely
it's the only reason to throw something
like that away
are you a grandma or something it is
your grandma's there huh my grandma I'm
really so cute with it oh are you guys
we're leaving
alright let's just calmly leave out of
here for no other reason yeah no other
reason guys
Oh Bridget you roses Road this is why we
need to get off of this road so we don't
provoke grandpas old neighbor oh my god
he also lives on this road
coincidentally why just however new just
drive about it don't stop this is me
telling you bridge don't go she's got
people watching
people are watching ok I'm just checking
on things you know yeah just checking
yeah man making sure I don't see any big
red truck so anything yeah we're looking
for big red trucks I didn't see it must
be parked around back
let's get out of here Bridgette we just
go oh I feel like I say firing shots to
a war I need to chill no all right guys
we're going back home now we've done
we were just investigating guys you
can't freaking hate us for that
no I'm we got a no want to see if the
red truck was here at Cindy's house yeah
all right covering the lens outs cover
lens cover lens I'm lit was that traffic
that red truck let it will stop here I'm
at a drive-through I just feel like
Bridget
maybe we're just being a little paranoid
you know I was kind of thinking not to
look at that you know it's a road people
gotta turn around no no it was
definitely her you don't know that
that's paranoia probably maybe
okay let's just drop it there let's just
leave it at that we do we did okay we're
sorry now we're moving on the other
night me and Bridget came home we saw a
deer run like right across from us I'm
kind of hoping we see another one like
right now yeah I freaking love dear man
they're so so pretty no dear that's
sucks I was really hoping a man I know
who is that I don't know if it's Tina
I'm gonna drag her out do don't drive up
to it like that who is that I don't know
why are you doing this locking them in
oh geez now they can't leave
show yourself are you
you scared us your house what yeah
when like 15 minutes ago
will you sit here for 15 minutes no I'm
very white wine for white maybe for
Jennifer drive by our house we even join
them by at night Jennifer No
okay you better not a bit dude yeah I'm
going to really examine that clip I
recorded it was like like 3:00 a.m. I
think I'm asleep at 3:00 a.m. are you
stalking us no okay then why are you
laughing you laugh y'all think I'm
stalking you guys we get here you're
just sitting here why are you I tried
getting in touch with y'all or maybe see
if y'all wanna go out to eat or
something we just got back from eating
okay you have to tell us before you do
this you can just pull up and see you
know we would come up wait I can't see
me no there's some crap lately Jenny so
I was gonna drive by her house that Y
nerd of his you know you know I'm just
wondering I swear so what kind of car
did it look like the job I like a
grayish car you think it was Tina's you
know what can we think of it she's got a
great car how sure are you about maybe
60 70 percent sure I need more percent
than that fine
ninety cuz here and when was this wait
about 15 20 minutes go but here's that
here's the issue we just drove by Tina's
house and that car was in the driveway
so Oh God it was yeah both cars were
there okay
Ginny is like you gonna come aside huh
we'll come inside yeah cover the lens
weird we just drive by there we pull up
to our house and the generators are
sitting in the driveway yeah that's like
really strange
what are you doing good to see lit okay
well you got stuck on my finger ah yeah
you always loved it like that you got
that my fans
his writings yeah yeah I remember those
good more he used to have them all on
his fingers yeah he was looking Elvis it
take care of business these are the
original Chevy keys right yep Wow you
know huh
very hot dad like you'd get something
you know just think of something to be
outside the backyard we just set things
places yeah and I found him on the UM in
a box late with his tools maybe who's
going through with tools or something
you just put them in there wow this is
cool that's really awesome damn gonna
get out of here in just a second you
guys but before I do
a little something to do collide relax
just gonna put this up Jenny brought in
here and his last pack of cigarettes
there you go pop or getting pretty full
now
sorry about that Jason I don't know if
we're being paranoid or not is that Tina
driving by the house probably not she
doesn't have a red truck okay and after
talking with Jennifer I'm not convinced
that it ain't her like something about
that reaction you know what I mean and
it makes me just feel like this whole
thing is stupid and we shouldn't be
going to war look Tina is unapproachable
you can't walk up to her and have a
conversation because you just can't and
not everybody you can do that with she's
one of those people where you can't and
maybe I should just accept that okay I
was walking and dad's all backyard and
then her I'm in her territory maybe I
should have said something I don't know
I don't know I just need to go approach
her that's what I need to do I need to
just go see her that's what I need to do
I need to just stop like being stupid
and just go over there so guys tomorrow
I'm uploading my video explaining to you
what happened with Tina and then I'm
gonna go confront her outro well that's
gonna be up for today you guys thanks
for watching drove by Cindy's house that
happened it was really nice checking on
my mom guys then we come back in Jenna
for us here and I'm sort of thinking his
hard drive by the house I see it's weird
right I mean I helped not it look it's
very weird I can't explain it guys
tomorrow I am uploading the video on
what
with Tina I'm gonna give you the full
story we're talking about going to court
we're talking about going back to court
we're talking about stuff that happened
afterwards everything that happened
we're gonna talk about that tomorrow
guys I'm getting out of here
thanks for watching hope you had a good
day better than mine my day was a little
off like subscribe favorite everything
about it I love you guys so much
Jennifer
what's going on
