what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here vigil I see Yeah right there
hey des
that's my line and today is thought
Thursday thought it's like a new word
for slaughter thing yeah you're a
thought okay taste thought Thursday
today is thought Thursday and today may
the fourth be with you
I'm start right it's the fest what it's
the fest what's going on you guys get me
on a camera here
visualize - yeah and today is May 5th
2016 . Thursday and my good the nut do
you think can't bring up thought throws
e cuz I want to delete the other thing
no no I'm not keeping make the 50 with
you may the 4th be with you I'm talking
cuz it's May 5th
forget all do it no more today's
Thursday today throwback Thursday hey
guys ever today I'm getting out of here
thanks for watching like she's my
favorite that's it hey you told me yeah
so dad sends me a text message and tells
me he left me lunch on the front pouch
huh lunch we won don't say it we freakin
a lot don't jinx it if you say that now
we won were equals in this and I accept
his apology no that means we want yeah
we freaking won could be a bag of dog
shit hold on I didn't think about it ok
these food containers
salad well there's another one just two
salads two salads we didn't let he
didn't forget the dressing so he went
somewhere for lunch
they gave him salads and he gave us the
South Wow
did it when then this bullshit
so dad seems to think it's funny to give
me fish and salad to think about this I
thought it was like sandwiches I'll be
honest I thought I was freaking so I
figured he got like five sandwiches one
for you one for me
cuz there's two damn what he's trying to
tell us to lose weight come on yes I got
it
no there was nothing else there was just
salad bullshit look I open the bow int
the bag i there was no chicken so right
now Bridget and I are binging a video
game we're playing the Uncharted games
she's never played it before I love it
so far though I've only played number
three I just beat number one we're
starting number two now I'm playing this
one number four comes out this week so I
wanted to play as much Uncharted as we
can so that's what today's gonna be
binging a video game there I did it I
hate when you do this do when I say I'm
done talking you never said you were
done talking well I didn't wash my face
might do this so that's we're doing
today
well my facial expression chain won't
please stop you know freaking filming
while I'm trying play again fucks me up
they go please hurry up and die on a
playa
I feel I'm sorry that I'm better at this
game than you I want to play
yes give me the controller
so Bridget somehow thinks that it's
funny to mess me up at the game on the
sledge no I'm gonna talk so you die now
what is up with my god don't hit circle
bridge if you hit circle you won't jump
do not hit circle I'm not gonna hit oh
she knew glide she knew she knew us from
sabotager
if you jump off that thing you won't die
really yeah you won't try it no umbrella
or I do something well before I got out
of here today I wanted to tell a
throwback Thursday story because I
haven't told one in a long time and I
was talking to Bridget we started
talking about a time that grandpa
destroyed my PlayStation and I thought
what better store to tell you guys than
that one so was a couple of years ago
and grandpa comes barging into my house
bitching about cookies yeah you got a
gun in my house to make cookies and he
takes a crowbar oh you guys have seen
this what haven't you yeah you won't
make it or not no this is a different
story this is a different time they
destroy my playstation because this
happened a lot that wasn't the first
PlayStation either so I wasn't even the
second third fourth he's just read like
seven Playstations of mine I'm not
allowed to have Sony products I guess
and this is the story of one of the time
so this was back in 2002 I think it was
like November I don't remember November
don't anyway I don't remember it was
sometime in November I think it was
around my sister's birthday party
I got gta3 and I couldn't believe how
open-world and amazing this game was I
never played a game before that was
open-world you can do anything and I
found myself three days playing this
game and when I see three days I don't
mean I went to sleep and woke up and
play it again I mean I did not sleep for
three days and that's a major problem
it's like I didn't know three days had
passed I was playing the game and all of
a sudden is dark and it's lying again
but I wasn't registering it and nobody
was talking to me and nobody was
bothering me and I wasn't bathing and I
was pissing in cups and it was horrible
i stunk but I was so addicted in this
game not to mention wait what did you
shed probably a bag I don't remember it
was a blurred you have leer pen dude
this was a blur okay I might have shit
in my pants I might have slung it like a
monkey I don't know what I did
oh my gosh and are you admitting to this
no I don't remember bridge it was a blur
that I was up for three days I don't
remember they were seeing ship of the
third day I was seeing shit i stunk I
didn't have a memory card for the
PlayStation 2 so could I turn off the
PlayStation 2 why I would lose my
progress so I couldn't shut it off and
all this culminated and grandpa coming
to my room and saying why don't you
leave to bed you for there being come
join the family now first of all when he
says come join the family
he means come to the living room and
come join the family watch television
together you know why can't I just stay
in my room and watch television you know
why do I gotta come to the other room
and join you guys I want to play my game
I'm addicted to it i'ma beat ya I don't
want to go to bed yet do tofu goddamn
game no come on mutt any leaves and I
said ok I'm playing the game a little
bit and before I know another hour went
by and I couldn't believe it
dak in fact are you coming to live room
I know I know good Dale get your ass up
I'm coming one minute looking for
something Oh dad leaves comes back more
time than gone by I don't know what
happened but dad has a pair of scissors
now and it comes up you won't cut your
shelf off in the family grabs the wires
I'm gonna cut you open your PlayStation
now mind you dad's not walking around
he's in a wheelchair this was back when
dad he could walk fine but he relied on
her wheelchair was one of those electric
ones so he was rolling to my door you
enjoy family you know so he cut the
wires and he leaves I was furious so dad
cut the wires and he thought that was it
for me but it's not something we've
never dealt with before with them so
take the wire light it with a lighter
Ripoff
the black piece and piece the wires back
together and duct-tape it that's how you
fix a wire don't try that at home
because I don't want no one to get
electrocuted but that's how you fix it
so duct tape it plug it back in it's
fine I'm playing the game this works of
course now I'm starting the game over so
I have to redo all the missions now I'm
losing more time oh my god I was back
into the room don't come to jail BIOS
here it's the PlayStation and he takes
it out and all here is him riding up I
walk into the living room and there's
that holding the PlayStation and he
slams it on the ground and he starts
trying to drive over it he gets over he
lumps over and he gives me one of these
looks he looks over fix that
motherfucker oh my gosh and I couldn't
fix that motherfucker he broke it it was
destroyed did you ever get another one
of course I think he bought me one like
the next weekend fucking you buy the
flea market oh my gosh so anyway that's
the story I was addicted to the
PlayStation I was playing GTA 3 grandpa
cut the wires
I fixed the wires and then he drove over
it on his freakin wheelchair oh my gosh
did you ever spend time with your family
oh maybe so Bridget has still not died
this is not fair
I just messed me up on purpose yeah do
you do help appreciate it I freaked we
freaking pot okay this is stupid dude
I'm trying to talk to have vog with you
here pause it I don't want to pause that
we paused the game I told that story and
here she is still playing it you have a
target I want to enjoy my game
you've been playing if I can our
supposed to switch ever it's how you die
but you're not dying well I'm better
than you
little cute Claus rings hey no Clyde
betagen the Klein how lovely you'd help
me will you trying to wag his tail
he's wagging his love let me put now
okay I got it
give me the key reporting yes okay so I
wanted to talk about the freaking salad
incident this morning okay can I please
just play my game
what so grandpa was obviously like I
can't record myself you got a freakin do
this if you turn to call us fat what's
he saying what's grandpa trying to say
here dude like I don't even know I hate
that I'm going to do this let us know in
the comment section when you think
grandpa's trending you can't even talk
to me for one minute
hang on I just got a bro dude hang on
well that's gonna be it for today you
guys thanks for watching I don't know
what grandpa was trying to say there I
don't either like I get it we're fat
asses okay I get it maybe it wasn't me
and maybe he was just trying to give us
our vegetables oh come on he freaking
texted me the text message read oh boy a
good knowledge of shitting on your porch
I went to substation
okay I thought we had substations uh and
I open the bags and as you saw salads so
you just leave the outro to play this
game
Michael I'm addicted I can't even do the
outro folks fine
Bridgette free outro Bridgette free
outro she's not in the outro at all
Bridgette are you paying attention at
all like subscribe favorite that's it
shit day don't you don't know you're at
the outro Bridgette free of bruschetta
Bridgette free outro
fine you can't even say the word
uncharted Koh
we've got big red frogs red lights I
know I didn't make you happy you liked
Rambo I mean I loved secret just see
Buddha's even he did on purpose he
didn't fight you for seafood dinner oh I
like you know I've never eaten seafood
it was a bullshit imitation that's
bullshit you know you like seafood
I don't like seafood
