what's going on you guys I gotta grab my
glasses like I'm cool
get hot almost fuck them all can't be
that's it you're not even cool anymore
pursue ass here so what's going on you
guys I noticed every time now what's
going on you guys can't behind the
camera here Bridge OST er right there
what were you doing I just fixed my glad
you're mocking me do it again
vigilante yeah right there and today is
Tuesday is that you forgot Tuesday don't
even hate yeah I never one visit freakin
yeah what letter I mean what number may
third know what number of the month
what number is May yeah five how stupid
you what wasn't what is this you think I
don't know months and days hey you asked
me like a week ago okay
although notes a month may must be a
nine anyway and then kind of like in
what you should I'm clearly smarter than
you i I did your college work remember
that what I would do your college work
can you get in trouble for that I don't
know I didn't do any ever college I
double he didn't write any of my paper I
didn't do any paper so thank you my
amazing presentation in Columbia which
ways one for the club look I didn't do
any of that
today is Tuesday May the 3rd thank you
forget it getting the A's you're welcome
and thanks for getting me DS whoa I like
that I win everything scapegoat mmm
today's Tuesday I'm getting out of here
let's get the Tuesday stick out of my
face what do mean you you see what
happens when you touch camera I'm
tilting the selfie stick I'm going to
the bathroom to show them how I gotta
hold this right now does a little fuck
stain right there
I got a fuck stain your fucking name no
look at this look at it you know I'm
gonna hold it like that a blurry let's
get this Tuesday started I got tell them
something I'm so holding it like this
Bridget style no fuck so British mom
just got here
Bridget hasn't seen her yet her mom just
got back from the dentist and her face
is numb and messed up hello Sydney
Bridget hasn't seen this side of my face
for Jessie yeah we're gonna fuck with
her tell her something happened to you
what happened to her she follow
something
what hi Bridget what did she fall I told
you I was going to the dentist today
what happened
like shots in your mouth word it like
numbs your mouth so thank you Dad Oh coz
I had to go filling I tried to prank
your mom wasn't sticking with it but
yeah she had dental work oh my god what
does it look that bad what's the camera
for you it's my or something right talk
oh my god
Raj oh oh guys mom your cheek and it
give you shots in your cheek and in your
gums maybe I'm taking you out this fight
rock well your bones all right I'm still
getting lunch he's really my good let's
just be looking yeah are you gonna lie
yes we're going to lie it's good laughs
it's your treat - because you did not
tell us what the cookout so just already
were going to lunch with our pirate
virgin mom's a pirate dude Oh
oh very ker oh my god please you scared
I was scared here to go oh that tomorrow
it'll be gone and you'll laugh at it in
the future
you know what it's good okay really whoa
there's blood coming out of your nose oh
yeah we'll start off camera yeah your
nose bleeding
oh no pink daddy good it's not a prank
prank yes it playing oh man
the most face is melting can't believe
you would take me in public
we gotta go to Yankee Candle to go oh
man really I never want to walk around a
store with just do this mom walk like
this let's see how it's gonna be
hello welcome to Yankee Candle what can
I get for you today I want to check out
you know surf freaks no pirates allows
face good sense Wow dude I did Matt bean
I've never been to the dentist I don't
know what's going on here
oh man yeah I don't recall ever looking
like that so your face is drawn actually
you're drawing that came to life
somebody's gotta erase her mouth of try
again
looks like it's finally starting to wear
off I sure hope so man
they might paralyze your face so we
won't you think we were laughing at
Cindy she was enjoying the laughter
weren't she yeah yeah it's pretty funny
she was crying laughing though shows cry
laughing crapping I in real life I look
this bad they're like oh my gosh it's
really crazy I was really scared for you
yes like legit oh my god my way oh okay
all right
freaked out my poor mother and mom mom
ooh pay for lunch or dinner
it'd be good it might be like coming out
though I don't know oh my face will be
feeling better right
oh please fall on the killer drinking
tea oh man you know oh my gosh must be
so close to my face yes I just got a
naturally fucked up it even got a film
it your beautiful face oh great Oh
Michael are you serious right now we
just got here
we just got here you just left Yankee
fan my bag is empty I'm ready to go
already
Michael can't we just go to Olive Garden
we can't I promised book I don't bring
your pirate with you you leave my mom
alone to get better I think it's getting
a little bit better yeah oh don't you
smile if you don't smile you'll ignore
oh oh oh so bad for your appeal please
God make up come on
this this wait I don't know what this
Dysport no I this is what you want dude
I don't know what those smell like why
do I have to be here because I love you
so much
I'm not sticking in your person they're
gonna call the police when you don't do
that no where are we going now Michael
whit you're so cute hey man
either like don't even have to do that
oh my gosh
the only reason I'm doing it does the
other people around will look at me like
a piece of shit no why do I give me the
bags wait where are we going I thought
you wanted Olive Garden Oh God
you don't want lives do you bachelor all
over this one well it's not for Russell
crane the one that I actually like I
know I love this one too so here we go
white shirt fat car honking whoo trash
just kidding Oh God with your feelings
okay the first thing is a copy of the
condemned on DVD the stone-cold movie
was like a reality show and he was on
death row they sent me kill so the
condemned that's pretty cool holy shit I
needed this and I have been able to find
it
Ben Bauer figure wow that's really cool
that makes everything worth it right
there I know right
Wow I've been looking for this I'm going
to Walmart like everyday looking for I
know it's crazy
I hate Walmart I'm trying to get that's
too cool okay that's a lapel it's for
like I guess like it's just like a pin
for like your wrist and show you
something now oh yes a Rob Van Dam
autograph cool that's awesome man
I always get better stuff hey no House
of hardcore poster nice and short time
so we got the lapel the autograph the
poster the DVD the figure and a shirt a
white shirt oh that's cool it's like a
fake newspaper headline but the streak
is over
that's so neat so Russell cranes that's
awesome
shirt figure Wow there's a quick
unboxing but I don't know I don't want
any thumbs-up do you thumbs up so we
were looking for the camera for a little
while now and Bridget lesson in the
bathroom okay I left it in the bathroom
no have ability right there
holy shit reflection mop man so let me
ask you if you remember not doing
anything this morning today let's just
think yeah you got your coffee you now
the people watching this vlog will have
no idea
uh that we forgot to do this cuz it'll
be added but what do we forget this
morning little sis think you know how
many guesses know the intro I remember
doing the intro for this vlog no we
didn't do it we forgot to do an intro we
forgot doing intial it's insane now then
here's the problem I really kind of
thought the intro is my mom so I guess
it's kind of why we didn't do it here's
the problem in the intro I am now gonna
have this gigantic bastard yeah you
gotta zoom in on the thing the intro I'm
now gonna have that oh so you'll see
this and so you want to go do it okay
don't get mad what of that big bag of
candles like all those Yankee Candles
yeah I was moving on me all dropped off
the counter broke all of them are you
serious yes what am I looking for herpes
well you can't see anymore when I cut it
if I broke all your Yankee Candles like
they're all broken every one of them all
of them yes oh my gosh okay it might
have been on purpose but it was probably
next oh is that why there's a camera
right there what yeah camera look dead
busted
you know what i'ma bust this in your
face ah
and the camera's overheating this is not
my day we got to do an outro or we gonna
forget that - we might forget that - why
can't this door open Oh
Michael don't film that's gonna be a
free day you guys thanks for watching
opened up the wrestle crate forgot to do
the intro but you guys didn't notice it
because I still did the intro I feel got
that bastard I feel so bad for my mom
look it's just fine now she's fine she
looked like forking papaya for a little
bit she's okay that she just had a call
a bit of filling anyway I'm gonna get
out of here if you haven't seen the
video we did Jess Irwin ghost hunting
for vlog number six success oh my gosh
that was really scary people are sending
us more stuff that they found in it and
go watch it and tell us if you see
anything that we didn't get hey I heard
29 days left so I counted in 29 days I
think we should chill out at a hospital
parking lot we got here thanks for
watching you guys I don't like living
like that what's good at exactly is it
my birthday in like 29 days now that's
like 31 days like subscribe favorite
moment everything for johast
imagine no not gonna I know your last
time we came in here last time we came
in here till we got stuff
I'm sorry I don't know to do the couch
mom freaking movement dude I think
there's something in here
