you go brave a goddamn chair there's no
cushions or nothing on it those adult
brood did you have to be you yeah I have
to be here you know I have a problem
can't see cuz the sunlight what's your
problem
how come Cindy is here and she didn't
tell nobody about it yeah what the hell
mom look I know you're embarrassing me
where did you get that name
BFF stop it why did you invite her not
us I'm going on Josh when did Cindy get
her inside you ran our house two days
ago here a guy ran into you and freaking
Walmart yeah yes 30 million back to her
mac and cheese shops Oh mate I still
feel me oh yeah nice meal and I'm happy
for you
I'm so happy don't be George Brett he's
so rude
we don't join the red zone with stove
right now then they're gonna enjoy drill
yeah don't be jealous
yeah yeah well you can have one what do
you know what you missed
when'd you get into the trampoline would
you this basketball thing and your
business what is going on guys that I
dancer do you bury that I would okay
don't film anemometer though we can all
right what I'm doing nothing
see I can't trust nobody in this house
from work yeah really yeah but is so
funny it's good oh my you think all this
shit that you do is not gonna you're not
gonna have repercussions what did I do
people's gonna let you I really drank
daddy forever did what the fuck we took
you to the movie got lucky he got lucky
on that tin can challenge and pulled all
the crap I think he cheated you be
pissed at him I'm not been how did he
kiss me because they take you home right
here when he did it oh my god we don't
argue around here bye everybody done
laughing at me can I please join come on
jr. son be cheated sorry area say that
you're not welcome at my house anymore
I'm having a cookout Gregory buddy dad
divided Cindy's not no no your dad is
not invited
listen I do I came home no yard no other
income I want to work come on now you're
not invited to any cookout we have hold
on Greg's trying to I'm trying to work
this out because I don't like to see you
guys arguing won't we I regard you
either couldn't you know how listen okay
I've worked it all with him I talk to
him that cook when I came back on I said
we were giving him a hard time
he agreed listen just stop disrespecting
I'm succumbing over here and being so
selfish are you kidding me yourself he
is selfish and he doesn't have any
respect for you and you don't have any
respect for you I got it
no that is not true you sure you have
you sucker
yeah I wouldn't leave or move it was
down in a bad mood always you shut up do
you know how many times I'll come on
your dad's complaining about you Oh
Charles is still asleep so what have you
saying he's trying to place against each
other probably that's my point trying to
call dad's addictive and shit right
there in front of his page yes he's very
even no I'm not seeing this the kind of
stuff we're talking about okay I just
wanted to come over to my father I
didn't care if there's a cookout let it
hurt my feelings when everybody else is
Michael don't cry be awful
I'm not crying don't tell these people
I'm gonna cry I'm gonna bring out the
Kleenex look at this are you serious
family that I live in Bridget
well you don't care that look this shit
thank you for that now Wow I'm not
crying don't cry
come on hey no you love oh I'm sorry
okay I'm sorry
this is almost like an intervention do
you ever watch the show you intervention
this is what Michael needs he needs to
stop being so selfish and just dude he
is not bad speaking of yeah the princess
song I mean so we need we need to put it
in the number 30 they're fucking with us
there's no way that I'm the selfish one
you're not they're just full of shit we
got time to hope you I think I've heard
you just say that okay okay let's say
this we'll just throw this on the table
Oh Thanksgiving who ruined Thanksgiving
not you
I mean who flipped the freaking I flip
table but who threw all the food on the
table you who fooled again yes very hard
Michael what who flipped the table of
dad's birthday party cuz I wasn't
invited to it birthday party and see I'm
starting to see a pattern cries and
tears things up if he doesn't get it
again please stop please tell your mama
staff you stopped you still enter get
any time you guys need any Sophie please
someone you got the new direct late last
week
I mean you did cut the other one up with
a chain saw animals drop a tree on me I
deserve that much
I didn't coffee what cool I back it up
I hope you're backing up a lot better I
wisely somebody didn't like that pool I
don't see you're not our friend gets
that so I'm just trying to be the voice
of reason here Bridget I know it is a
dead torment or my van gotta get going
it was number nine man hello my guns and
I fight in the truck woman who doesn't
even deserve it I can't do that remove
an ax you backed into the pool and
freaking because you know am i right you
know what I didn't know what happened
that van I'm a 100% certain you dumped
it off in a swamp I don't know where it
is I never saw it again
now you go sorry I'm so poor II don't
even apologize
not if I am a big man you don't need to
say sorry I'm interested no it's already
say sorry why did he apologize grab it
you could have said something I didn't
say something I felt like I was on both
your sons I felt Norman no way you
totally like Bridget Bridget Bridget
this is Navy conversation Wow Michael
you want to hold the camera that's fun
but I didn't let's just acknowledge the
fact that dad's too fucking asshole here
let's just acknowledge I Greg in our
friend um we're know I'm Michael's
friend you don't get to talk no rivals
friend need you to acknowledge that the
ads the problem I can see we're both you
guys okay dad's the problem right I've
got a did she just run everything
like whole life and just say here you
don't have to talk to her that Bridget
yes what do you mean
disrespectful would you like vows
discipline Jessica all right all right
I'm sorry Bridget is everything enough
dead everything got a little heated and
I'm trying I really am trying to work
things out between you guys and then
when everyone jumps in you don't you
know how it is you look how you are when
people jump in and you're stop crying
and throwing throwing your cue balls
everywhere thanks Greg thanks for
apology accept appreciate see we're one
step closer to moving on apology
accepted I appreciate so are y'all
friends again talk I guess I guess
everything's good
I'll never come back if you let me leave
right now
what is this
come on
