what's going on you guys get beyond the
camera here virtue is here right there
and today is Saturday and today I don't
want to do the intro I just want to go
home dude I don't want to leave until I
get food dude
I want to go home your mom baked the
Mack Road well I'm mad at her right now
okay today I really want to go home
today we're at Grandpa's house and he
just flipped out there's a whole bunch
of people that are now inside eating a
bug making fun of us I'm afraid to go in
dude I just want to go I do too
what's up catch what's mob connection
nice oh man
nice going I love you buddy that's why
we do it because we love you that's why
you doing this right nobody that wasn't
a prank it felt maybe whatever was
laughing I thought it might have been
but like I got changed through the house
with a freaking broken pool stick so
getting a bit joke over you think he was
really go ahead yeah I just kind of
thought you're on our side
what the hell I mean dude I've got no
control over what goes on around here
okay seriously I didn't even you know I
didn't even know you weren't invited I
figured y'all weren't coming over I
thought it was kind of weird
bridges mom was here I thought y'all
were coming who invited grant
on just the first time I met Greg and he
seems like a pretty pretty chill guy I
guess him and dad talking with my dad
and friends
the sucks dude you know dad is so today
dad had a big cookout and didn't invite
me and I show up late and Cindy was here
and freaking The Bodyguard look really
I'm sorry is kind of fun
why are you laughing it's about a funny
shut up mom it's fine
you know what you got to do now right
you gotta have a cookout not invite dad
you won't care he doesn't like being
invited in my cookout suit he'll be
proud you know what you got to do you
have a cookout here and don't invite him
yeah
no but I like that we have a cookout
here you just buried yourself I'm
showing him this he's officially on our
side no I'm showing him dad no don't do
it man I want to win dad back dick
Charlie's again oh yeah I like it good
idea I'm trying to throw you a bone here
you gonna throw me in the doghouse I'm
gonna get myself back into this somehow
made me dog uh you picked the number
well you gave me the option oh you're
giving it out try it I need to try it
for the dog boom you still mad about
that we took you to the movies there's
not enough movie sucked
great that movie was awesome you're
talking about the Jungle Book now have
none of funny y'all took my freaking Big
Mac damn Big Mac a Big Mac is missing
Hey look the Jacob or Johnny ated you
still looking for today I was a week ago
but I think it's rotten let's go I just
figured y'all took it up you know y'all
ready to go you offered it to me what I
didn't take the way you like to take
things back to after you give them to
people like what what did I take back
the Big Mac you first of all I didn't
take it but second of all you said I
could have the Big Mac hey I went to
McDonald's on my I was being nice
I didn't take yo gig
are you seriously mad about that he's
been thinking about it since the jump
you better get over it how look it over
right mom when you tell us why would I
think like how how are you gonna come to
a cookout at grandpa's and not even tell
us why do you tell you did he tell you
not to tell us oh he invited me a week
ago I said sure my friend all right well
I'm sorry for for telling you to shut up
I mean you don't tell me everything you
do why would I tell you but the ideas
are driving me your big man he set my
apology I would say sincerely maybe I'm
sorry you say a little nicer eat your
Big Mac I'm sorry
sounds a little snotty yes no mom I'm
sorry all right
are you okay I'm fine clients happy to
see you you're there not against us you
love us still Oh what was that I don't
know everyone I felt really attacked I
feel everyone
I felt like public enemy number one
about help me - why your mom by my
brother by my dad by Greg by Jessica
like everybody that was I don't
understand why we weren't invited
I thought we were all friends like I
don't know please don't fight guys I
can't handle it I love you bill I don't
know
we were judged we're not welcome we were
uninvited what are we having for dinner
cuz I'm hungry like to be fair my mom
play didn't tell me cuz she probably
assumed we weren't my dad but you didn't
even bring up like in a joking manner
like I'll see you tomorrow issues
nothing I guess not we met Greg and
freaking Walmart there they eat it's
enough event I know I knew he was back
in town it is what it is Hey
we really need to do something about
this what can we do I think we should
talk about it to dad well he won't care
no no talk about it to us we should talk
about it
William Franklin something yeah screw
those tastes up yeah was a bullshit
there stop telling me please just see
the outro hey lazy let's just do the
outro I'm feeling the dogs they don't
want you to film either they're freaking
hovering over me because they feel bad
well that's gonna be it for today you
guys thanks for watching I know it's a
short vlog but something about today
just really yeah ok ok I'm pissed I'm ok
so if you didn't I I don't know man
dad hi I came over to Dad's house and
they had a cookout and Greg was there
who was the bodyguard and grandpas
bodyguard prank on me and brigeth mom
was there and everybody was there having
a good time and I was not invited and it
kind of upset me know me to cook out for
me it really angered me uh dad's hurt my
feelings
um pissed me off more like and then we
all got into an argument after I was
chased with a pool stick that's going up
tomorrow dude it was crazy well getting
changed in a pool snake everything this
day was horrible think about getting
some beer deny it
me too I'm gonna get out of here thanks
for watching you guys
ah keep sending your ask and Grandpop
questions using the hashtag ask a GP
well eventually get to it I was trying
to do it today
that was the goal for going over there
but he didn't want to do it he didn't
want me at his house he ran me off
that's tomorrow
uh I'm gonna give a thanks for watching
you guys like
subscribe favorite and falling on
everything are you crying no do tell
people bad all assumes you don't have to
tell people that I'm crying I wasn't
crying
I'm pissed I want to break something I
was just asking okay Owen vlog asked me
after we're done you don't got to tell
people that I'm freaking little bit here
shake I wasn't saying your baby yes I'm
a little big I got you crying I was a
little choked up yes I'm pissed because
it wasn't a fight first of all I'm not
pissed that I was in a budget I pissed
because I'm freaking hungry
I want something to eat I haven't eaten
yet I'm freaking mad that everyone is
against us I don't get it what was that
I don't understand it dude Michael yeah
I see it dude you see you really hated
that lunge yeah y'all go what you
freaking make this out of you can't
destroy
I wasn't trying to destroy it's not what
I meant no sign mean it means what I say
is it note worth that
