what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here vigils - yeah right there
and today is for Friday happy fuck today
is Friday not regular Friday today is
average normal cycle every day Friday
info I'm tired I it takes a lot of work
you gotta stop it's a lotta work to add
at that so look today's regular Friday
today we're not doing nothing that
literally we're doing nothing today you
know we're not doing anything like that
today yes sir
we don't do that on average Friday yeah
we do it on fuck yesterday I gave you
guys the wrong hashtag going that popped
over my face I saw that and you
commented it wrong to what you did ASP
ADP look here's the hashtag don't laugh
at me this is the right one like let's
double check yeah that's it okay let me
see that's it okay use that hashtag to
get your ask a GP questions I don't know
I did that how many comments did people
comment about it was just like oh I
almost off line but one person was like
do you mean ask ADP oh my god yes sir
that's what I meant
so anyway the hashtag is ask a GP I feel
like I look like a teacher today what do
you not look like a teacher okay you
don't get me so abrasive about it Kuno
fuck you no you do not okay I'm wrong
what teacher look something okay sorry
you guys I don't look like a teacher I
mean Jesus do you have to be so in my
face like me saying that I look like a
UPS driver you do look like a UPS driver
yoga every UPS driver I've ever had
no packages today ma'am no but you do
owe filthy
let's go sir
why shouldn't so sweet Oh
oh my gosh we should go to Dad's we
should we have been over in a few days
boy oh he's not answering my phone calls
I gotta do a Twitter Q&A let's just to
go to his house okay
what do you think huh do you wanna go
Bella she she don't want to go she too
hot out it's you up she parted yeah I
saw someone Nastya
each on jump will be happy for 5000 why
are you being so sweet oh my gosh what
does he do
I know he lose like spinning yeah you
put this up cuz of me right uh oh my
gosh a no trespassing sign
oh my gosh what the hell this shit wow
that's rude that is rude white pass
locked son of a bitch
you can't read is that for me that's for
you
are you serious you have to leave how
long is happening the judge says I got
sorry I'd I would the judge day I owe
you
Oh bad knee yeah I do want to bet you
actually this one actually I did I win
the match it was morning hey I know man
I told the judge you bothered me and he
said all you gotta do is put but no
trespass on if you don't a bit down one
want it wow so you saw a sign that your
cock but what did I do to piss you off
will you talk about it this is messed up
on way too many levels I want to do a
Twitter Q&A what look as my eyes
twitching coz of the shit you see it
know what we go tweeter what is wrong
with you I will meet you somewhere and
we will do this
have a good day I'm sure you can wave at
my claw have a good day get out of my
yard I don't believe he went to know
judge yeah if there is I'm sure you can
just wait it go no joy call him number
I've had a number you see he's wow this
was for your prank oh I forgot about
that you got something coming too
yeah I don't know am I just oh my gosh
so you're lying are you going now how's
that
Oh cuz I like to we don't have wine I
went to my house don't have what we
don't have no trans housing for grandpa
there's nothing no trespassing I want
you to come over to my house why would
you come over his home against mrs.
Bardell bye hey can we do the Twitter
the lighting don't work and we're coming
over still can I sit bug no no get out
here now go get get get yet are you Joe
don't you would you the more I go I'm
gonna be alone I wanted to sit down
beside you and talk or to be alone why
don't you wanna talk to us anymore
you got peaches you airhorn it's off
tell me what the hell the deal is ain't
no deal you aegs you got quite was so
wrong by you eating peaches corn and
pineapple I think I know the problem are
you so mad I know I know what could you
give him the good food did give to me I
know where there's real problems his
girlfriend got tripe and he's pissed
about it what your girlfriend that's
right come on I'm joking it's a joke
it's a joke
Oh
according so now I can't go to Dad's
house because there's no trespassing
sign and he says he talked to a judge
this is not even cool what did I do
you know I didn't even believe him I
don't think he did it
I think he's just saying a couple of
smoke up your ass
this is open the nerd block and let's
get this on you know dad Bru I just
wanted to do the freakin I know what her
video I know Tommy I'll meet you a
booking or just show me somewhere not
here mr. Duff grandpa we goin over there
what we're goin over there
we just left we're going back I'm not
going back you know he can't stop us
from coming I'm coming over tomorrow I'm
gonna try pot oh you getting poem yeah
we're doing the freakin Q&A video yeah
you're pissing me up yeah oh just enjoy
it this is one of my favorites you know
I'm just really annoyed I know okay who
cares we're still going over tomorrow I
know nerdblock today first thing we get
in here is losing a 35% off thing for
like I was on a hello fresh for us to
eat healthy holy crap that is really
cool
all right this is nothing shirt goes
aside okay first thing is a Family Guy
drink Uzi panic Uzi yesterday for the
Indy car that is so cool next up it is a
simpsons 25 greatest guest stars Weird
Al Yankovic that is so cool I'm just
blowing right through this language it
next up it is an archer ice cube tray oh
my gosh
fans of Archer I've never seen art
that's really cool though that is really
cool I've never seen it either but
that's really cool what's the smell so
weird our Yankovic book
weird out the book weird not to read
that does any cool
I'm interested to know how he came to be
so The Weird Al book that's sick looks
like it's a poster for like a spaceball
sequel or something huh never seen
Spaceballs dead either well that's at
you guys nerd block now time it off cuz
I'm still one oh my gosh who cares
we're going over tomorrow oh sure a
weird out shirt oh my gosh that's a cool
shirt tacky because I'm Chucky anyway
you got it you know why it that's enough
I'm not in a very good mood version okay
well no trespassing okay me too
well that's gonna be it for today you
guys thanks for watching Wednesday
Grandpa's house he told me there's no
trespassing I'm still mad about that but
I'm going back tomorrow dude a third if
you really went to a judge wave it he
didn't go to a judge dude I don't think
so he didn't go to a judge anyone to get
out of here I don't think you did to
can't do my outro can I do my outro
thanks for watching you guys dad doesn't
want me at his house but I'm going in I
gotta do the Twitter Q&A I'm not meet
you at friggin Burger King to do it
we're gonna do it tomorrow grandpa on
our way so I'm in our way I'm really
trying with you here but I've had it yes
you why not I can't lose you too right
now well it's something really crap
sorry okay I'm gonna get out of here
thanks for watching you guys has been a
shit day after that was in a good mood
like an 8 by Friday like subscribe
favorite fun on everything virtuous and
that's it Hey
is that all you wanna say I love you
guys so much
let's go god is something oh my god oh
my god Michael pass out oh my god
please yeah I see it dude
you see oh he really hated that much now
y'all can go what you frickin make this
out of you can't destroy it I wasn't
trying to destroy it's not what I meant
now go the sign mean it means what I say
this is no trespass
