what's going on you guys kid behind the
camera here pajamas here right there and
over here I'm right here
and today did you have to interrupt that
part and get mad now and today I'm over
here yeah I did that and today it's
Thursday and today it's now fun of you
don't matter funny we'll see will you
fix this thing he's a broken dude it's
beyond bro
well look at and see guys make Lisa rude
and crude but nothing do with you today
oh my gosh they're so cute oh the door
was cute haha this he's all jacked up
bro come on Bella today is Thursday and
today I don't know what's going on
probably nothing I got a wrestle crate
to open and that's pretty much it I
tried to call grandpa he's not answering
so he's not coming over here I don't
want to go over there I'm taking a break
from dad see him too much so hey drink
of it that every time I see him he's
gonna prank me and I don't trust it so
anyway I know you're gonna flip on me
great good show my fucked-up hair no
sure I gotta get out of here
I'm doing it now yeah sure nobody needs
to see me on the vlog I'm actually it's
perfect lighting the light needs to come
on doesn't it look yeah stop talking
shit shut open your damn box all right
so shirt as always let's put aside
oh so you did you eat it no I just
wanted to make sure that I hated it
you needed the well I get it no look at
Clyde but you can't have no that's okay
peace is sweet so first thing in the Box
is a skull cap that says FP OD okay this
is the finger poke of doom this is when
a Kevin Nash beat Hulk is when WCW was
in the toilet uh they had a guy beat
another guy by touching him on the chest
and he falls down and he pins somebody
takes the time it was one of those
disastrous moments in wrestling history
the finger poke of doom one of those
embarrassing moments in wrestling
history okay next up we have a koozie
that says women's right oh I think this
is Andy Kaufman
why did like Andy Kaufman koozie Andy
Kaufman was the women's wrestling
champion of the world he would wrestle
women holy crap that's so funny I think
this is Andy Kaufman I mean Google's our
system Google search Andy Kaufman
women's wrestling shirt I'd rather they
given me that shirt oh great
Sarge a muumuu for Andy Kaufman women's
wrestling show thy Ron to give me that
shirt oh my god hey Siri you dumb bitch
yeah it's the Andy Kaufman sure cool
that's awesome the Andy Kaufman women's
wrestling koozie I might give that to
dad that's pretty cool
okay the exclusive looks like it's a pen
for mr. Socko
cool this is like a cat tag linear for
the streak The Undertaker's WrestleMania
history wow that's really cool oh great
you can't tell me there's a hole in my
shirt then oh yeah let's check out the
shirt so with the finger poke of doom
man you got a hurry because this camera
started over here are you serious
serious
tell me okay take a poke of doom things
at this this thing and this shirt oh
it's a finger poke of doom shirt
Matt likes it : one of the moments that
killed WCF on a shirt you could have
given me the women's Riesling Andy
Kaufman shirt I would have loved that so
ladies overheating you got all this
stuff Russell Crowe / rustling I'm gonna
put in the freezer please yeah keep the
camera go so just now Kim texted me a
video she made for her channel if you
want to see it the link is below she
uploaded a video of her packaging and
sending me the chocolate milk which by
the way Kim she keeps saying in the
video uh Michael only wants glass
chocolate milk implying that I had
something to do with this package I
didn't even know it was coming
you know I agree it I only like the
glass chocolate milk but in her the way
she works is there a taste difference
yes really yes like crap so anyway she
made a video of her going through this
shipping process going to look at dry
ice all of this shit and she was worried
that sending it to me wasn't gonna work
so today I'm gonna tell her it didn't
uh-huh hey hot Mike hey okay the
chocolate milk hmm I just got back from
the doctor I've got car bolus gastritis
it's an on-set disease brought on by ah
by drinking milk Dustin did the milk
like froze or something and have
separated the milk from like so there's
something up whenever you shift in a guy
it's gotten no do I just let the doctor
oh my god oh my god
you just caught the doctor and you sound
like this I think it they told me I'd
they wanted me to stay but I didn't want
to know when is are you kidding decibel
head wait so something happened with the
chocolate open it yeah it like oh and
like the ice melted Oh like I think you
should go back is my nose bleeding if
yours is bleeding it is oh my god
Bridget will handle that Bridget don't
call nine-one-one bridge again nobody
get - are you my buddy Mike I think you
should go back I'll take you I think
we're gonna go back but you should
probably go by ambulance or something
like are you a dumb move like weird is
there huh
it's all in my head up yuqing all day
first thing I'd pica was just pure
chocolate milk and then the second was
blood oh yeah you know you should go
back to the hospital
thanks a lot Kim thanks a lot I'm sorry
all I feel horrible now I just wanted
you to get the transom invited to work
glasses
let's go Oh Oh God
is something about the oh my god oh my
god Michael passed out why oh my god I'm
kidding if Jim
yeah I'm joking no Frank faces you
crying right now
yeah are you messing with me now when
did you figure it out really you've
ruined the prank Bridget well the
talking looks delicious I just watched
your video well prank cam and then she
kind of primed me bad prank fell kind of
they were brighter thanks a lot you know
what what was I supposed to say you
weren't saying shit you ruined a fella
just took up with a branch oh my gosh
so we once again forgot the camera in
the freezer and this one's totally
frozen like the other I don't even trust
it being plugged in yeah it said battery
exhausted but like you charged it this
morning i plug this one quick you turn
off so you guys can see oh yeah silky
frozen turn on come on you bastard oh oh
it's on
the hell that video no idea we're
filming a Wrestlemania chair
what are you doing camera don't trust
that thing to wireless trash it it won't
open out there goes dude this is so
weird
okay Bridget let's get a thumbnail let's
use the milk I want to use the title of
the vlog for Kim's prank on me so what
should i do what should i do with the
milk sour milk
yeah what would the thumbnail be ah
scream that I don't we I didn't know all
right
do it get a brazen cold man come on why
are you crying for bail should quit
doing all that shit you're lying I know
you know I'm not I swear okay cam lets
me do it it's recording right now you
got it and you know it then quit fucking
around
it's too cold to do that once my I'm
just getting one thumb now I'm not even
trimming them or hurt my throat yeah
what's the mail okay you know how about
this position what all right now scream
well what's wrong with you why are you
crying for just I get a thumbnail oh my
god thank you
I knew what you were doing
man when's the last time all day on the
range dude it hasn't rained in like a
year I feel like it really hasn't yeah
it has not rained since like July really
like I was summer I just pulled out the
cameras like it's just rain about time
wow I'm really happy rain is back in our
lives
baby I'm pretty happy get a shot of me
with the rain oh I know we don't win
with this minis ha ha do you think I'm
like the weirdest fucking cute though
so Frank Kim that was really funny I
will do the outro on the rain I'm gonna
get out of here thanks for watching you
guys oh you wanna be in it right yeah
don't worry I'll get you let me wipe
this lens I know I cleaned the lens and
we're back in it look it's just too loud
into the outer out there ok I'm so I'm
gonna do it in here
Mike not over yet oh so that's gonna be
it for today you guys thanks for
watching had a pretty good day prank Kim
that was pretty fun having to prank
calls in a while oh my God look like
them click like it was a prank calling
your grandpa I feel like people might
want to see that so click like and I
will prank call angry grandpa Oh No
Sophia Bridget free outro I gotta go
nope no bait you want it your piss
everybody off they click like for this
yeah yeah I'm here she's gone folks I
promise she's out she's gone folks I got
rid of her here British stop don't say
another word you need to go this weekend
I'm gonna be doing an angry grandpa qma
so if you want your question answered
use the hash tag whoa right there over
my face that's right right now in this
area use this hashtag on Twitter post it
ask your questions or we're gonna be
using this to get to manga grandpa Q&A
so that's gonna be it for today you guys
thanks for watching Bridget free outro
she's gone she's not even standing over
there anymore she's upstairs cuz I
couldn't deal with her anymore so anyway
thanks Hey
yeah that's gonna be inferred a you guys
thanks for watching remember to click
like your home at a prank calling a
grandpa and that's gonna be it like
subscribe favorite richer free outro
Tata flat whatever sin it come on man
what do you want me to do hey
yes or no will be cool to take this
what are we be square if you take me a
blood wave that so get some air
yeah get hair Punk come home another
