what's going on you guys can be on a
camera here and today it's a Bridget
free intro folks she ain't here
she decided doing intros is not what she
wants to do anymore
so you gonna jump in at a time point you
point you right thing I'll go click like
if you want me to do a Bridget free
outro tomorrow and I'll do it
and it happening oh it's happening whoa
it ain't happening what's happening
folks didn't happen at all what's
happening folks it ain't happening
what's happening folks it ain't
happening Neela's yes I can't keep going
forever today is Wednesday in today and
today we got no plans got nothing going
on guy no plans today that is so weird
so in a few minutes you're gonna see me
laying down on the couch for the ball
maybe just kidding
not doing it today I'm just gonna chill
we're gonna figure the day out I don't
know what's going oh my got some stuff
to talk about later oh my gosh family
therapy comes on tonight that's what we
need some family therapy right holy shit
anyway forget it I don't want to talk
anymore I just woke up it's time to get
this Wednesday started you have a sore
in your earring what yeah they're like a
sore in your ear oh no it's just weird
ear wax
thanks for making fun of me on vlog I'm
not eating fun of you I thought how your
wife now anytime I go to New York to see
Kim I have to get burned area chokolate
oh it's they have this like a local farm
that does chocolate milk over there and
it's freaking delicious and I have to
get it every time and I haven't had it
in a while and Kim being as great as she
is has decided to ship me some burn
dairy
I'm trying to find out how to get it
I've been riding burn dairy so how can I
get chocolate milk it's got to be
specifically the barn dairy in the glass
jars
so she's overnighted this fuck is this
there's the freezing awesome
nice job Kim
they made it burn dairy this is my
special little delivery oh so I'm gonna
drink out of this one burn dairy would
have any chocolate moans like this
thanks Kim mmm that's good it's good
filming waste battery else woman I'm not
overheat the human only filmed anymore
what is all this what's up Dee
ah thank you I know what is it this food
like I don't know that you poisoned this
hack knockout on point of my food that's
how I don't meet poison before I
probably exelon take it over here no
what is a hamburger pie hamburger pie oh
my god look at another sandwich another
cheese well thanks wait it I don't have
a spoon yeah my spoons over there move
move
yeah now try come on dude there's
something to this hey you be there first
no I'd work for you uh you either first
whatever you know what he wouldn't kill
me so whatever you did to it I'll try
he's laughing Michael spit it out it's
good though it's good this feels like
deja vu to me a day - who did dad do
this shit last time he was trying to
prank me brought me fucking hamburger by
the idea and there was nothing really I
made that for you man I got good at it
you wouldn't feel bad if you did no I
would make you feel bad
yeah what if I'm eating your poison
would you feel bad after that tomorrow
oh good I knew it was poison it not man
either try it oh yeah take a big bite
huh I need to get dad with an epic AK
prank oh my gosh did you period
come on when we do to you to make you so
mad you got all the good stuff here why
are you so mad what those bikes in my
garage
yeah will you forgive us whatever we did
Oh give me a like if we give you Evan
why why should I
so I'll give you that bike and those and
you'll start talking to me again
yo what does that mean dude will you
was that me sure you will take the place
please he's not gonna prank us yeah you
screw it up
what does that mean
yeah what are a flat whatever sinner
come on man what do you want me to do oh
damn
yes or no we'll be cool if you take this
what are we we square if you take these
helpless wait that so get some air yeah
give air pump come hog another London
bye
come on what's the prank guy no prank I
told you one day
right now skewered you're blessed you
can have them your Bridget help you get
this one all right let's go
hey I you know you don't feel hurt my
drug I'm trying to wanna give a friend
and I'm in some time - shut up next to
it John women good dad name recording
yes I don't know if it's recording
tonight everything good when I get
according me wife deja vu dad damn you
made a mess eaten your poison cuz I know
it's a prank
it's probably not poisoned but he
probably added some grandpa seasoning to
it I bet what does that mean
let me take it me and what what I don't
know what I don't grandpa seasoning I
don't know
so we've been in here for about 30
minutes and Michael cannot oh you're
filming yeah it's been like too long
like I want to find the right suit I go
come on what is wrong with that cereal I
don't eat that sir you like this that's
rehearse hey Oh what good he might know
that is her first okay you know what why
are you so easy to get oh hey girl got
you know she's just filming a vlog yes
sir
I was are you too good to fall for that
yeah yeah definitely
okay man hurry up I'm just gonna leave
you here you can call me when you want
to come fo all right what you're freakin
psycho at this time sorry okay sorry I
messed with you oh my gosh who's out
looking through the thing okay what got
you here I was just scared me with that
one so what do you think was in the
hamburger by I don't know probably
nothing probably nothing but he scares
me with this I know it's probably
nothing he was probably just laughing to
scare us I mean I didn't take any bites
of it eventually it's gonna get to the
point where I'm just gonna lock myself
in a room that's stupid let's just
change our locks again yeah let's change
the locks and Bridget lets them in the
house cuz you always flip on me you know
what to be honest whenever somebody
comes over it's hard to be like get out
of here when he's on ice hey is Michael
home you flip on me no well that's gonna
be it for today you guys
you chewing on chips that's gonna be it
for today guys thanks for watching
had a good day dad came over and got
some bikes he dropped over some poisoned
hamburger pie I just don't think it was
grandpas seasoning I don't know what
that means what ball sweat what would he
anyway I the way he did this last time
he was pranking me and I threw it away
last time I'm throwing it away this time
I don't trust it I don't accept
I don't accept so anyway thanks for
watching you guys earlier I said I don't
want to talk to you guys about something
I have some extra footage from the tin
can challenge if you notice we didn't
open every can on video if you want to
see some of those smack that like button
let me know if you guys want to see in
the comments and
I'll upload I don't know if it'll be on
vlog on a little viewing on grandpa's
channel or bridges channel I all upload
it somewhere if you guys care about
thinking if you guys wanted to see it so
I'm gonna get out of here thanks for
watching you guys
I don't know what's going on I don't
know if you I'm forgiven I gave him the
bikes but I don't know like subscribe
favorite I hope it works
can we actually buy grandpa's love I
don't only one think about that right
now that didn't buy his love I'm gonna
try it
mi know he brought over food what if it
was normal food about fun than
everything else we good that's what I'm
saying he got a good the tin can
challenge
he ate pineapple peach and corn and he's
pissed at me he agreed to do it it
always hits buffo I just feel like I
don't keep trying
