what's going on you guys kid be on a
camera here Bridget west god hey Bridget
says she don't want to do the vlog for
to us ter right here I can to die you're
making me fall right there
today's Monday and today grandpa wants
nothing to do it oh you like pushing me
over I'm fairly would anything to do
with you be gone out of the intro pick a
boy intro folks look grandpa hates me
today and I don't know why you know
yesterday anger grandpa cancelled Sunday
dinner on us
we were supposed to be having pot roast
he said book you don't come over to my
house and now he's rescheduled to Monday
my made dinner
I got a cook in anyway Mike she might as
well come eat something
he's pissed at me he hates me because of
the tin can challenge and I don't know
why because he got off easy
he really did he ate corn and pineapples
I don't know wise man it what the
freaking saw strumming has to be so that
means you should mad at you cuz the
strumming was your idea um uh uh was it
my idea I'll take the credit it was my
idea and stuff was like everything else
that's a lie
you get the strumming and the burger and
a can I get Tina man taking credit for
the whole video so anyway yeah I don't
wanna do an intro anymore I don't want
ah you know I like when you do that shit
what today's Monday gonna be grandpa
going over to Grandpa's house for Monday
dinner and that's it let's get the
Monday sort of get on my face let's get
this Monday start what you got something
funny over here yes very you're
recording yeah do you remember the other
day when I was telling everybody about
the new camera and how we put the camera
in the food camera in the freezer
yeah I'm like
that's freezing oh my god is it broke I
don't know it's freezing cold
come on I think it's broke
oh my god no way hey Walter not at all
oh my gosh maybe maybe it has a thought
maybe we completely froze the freaking
camera that's pretty insane
oh my gosh it is Ben look at the lens
all the frost on it oh shit
sheesh I hope you take all this food
that you cooked as a token of my
appreciation
whoo good I said you who the me and
Michael get out man
it looks delicious so does this mean
you're not mad at me yeah I'm very good
but do you didn't have it that bad this
coming you didn't have it that door I
don't enjoy joggers coming it's like you
know you eat so much no too big I go to
bathroom well it's coming well you got
that peach cobbler I don't know what
that even means
you know that's hot right okay where's
Tina ain't coming come on dude don't
mess with me like this this one's coming
don't mess all right it's not about a
lawyer what is that ice cream
yeah it looks delicious that's like it's
the glop there's not ice cream
oh you're still gonna make it virgin
booty boot chars either plenty of dogs
all lonely yeah hello dark motive name
with Glynn woman that's all you tell you
out there playing with your boys your
best friend my crew yeah that's enough
of that
I'm trying to apologize everybody for
the tin can challenge I didn't get you
bad I didn't get it too bad I'm forgiven
for good that's why I like to hear
everybody forgives you know fine you
shit us he's you have peaches cord and
pineapples I'm sorry that's ready the
truth you know I'm going away but it did
its didn't Tina had trite charlie dog
king salmon and burger in a camera Greta
can ya so I mind what exactly a walk
through the fucking bar yeah we know
dogs like it walk through the park angle
ooh that one there
what I said I'll then we'll live that
one down yeah Wolfie Oh
dog are you making homemade ice cream
yeah Oh will be made the batter
if you let it freeze long enough though
I don't give up
we know the pre-class zombies and we're
that you just
I'm excited to try homemade ice cream it
was good
of course we'll let everybody else get
some first well I know it's not a trap
yeah here you go have a day tomorrow
yeah head on the net because you guys
got to remember I will prank that so
this is the food dad made for dinner
mashed potatoes pot roast potatoes
carrots macaroni and cheese burgeoning
any pot I got a plate full of my she's
an idiot she's uh she's Shelton alright
this song is not good you guys now that
was dinner acid dinner one day I will
cook it dude on camera you need to man I
don't know how camera I found your
camera this morning
my freezer oh yeah yeah take it I froze
because it overheated and I never took
it out it's totally frozen solid
Oh it'll work no I ain't open but it
won't close right now but it'll piss
fine we'll fix this then Clyde just let
himself out the door I was about to
start the intro say we're back to let
the Ivies the bathroom and before I
could do it Clyde lets himself out y'all
go ahead I was crazy you got tired of
waiting so I don't know how to get out
of this whole prank shit I don't know
like they're dead Charles seemed ok dad
seems dead on determined to prank me and
I don't I'm kind of scared of Tina have
we ever been pranked by Tina before no
uh-huh
oh you entrust her man no because she
goes on no - trusted dad you don't trust
either cuz she doesn't understand the
concept of a prank yeah like she might
try to kill us I she goes over the knife
over break your ass it stab us to death
so I don't know
what if what if we bought their love ya
like okay everybody knows loves for sale
okay right like duong elaborate okay so
what if we do something each person
would like Charles Tina dad yes so they
remember that when they're plotting cuz
maybe they won't plot if we do this it's
good I kind of think it is good it is
good yeah by the like totally by their
love so can i dude that's good that is
good what if we take Charles and the
boys to the movies tonight okay that's
total buying was a cheap buying it would
be like hey hey babe I love popcorn and
snacks and drinks and sodas be like hey
you don't want to prank me right right
right
hey Charles hey boys what are you with
us here's the question how the fuck do
we not get Tina to prank us cuz I don't
know what the hell did new pants she
loves money we can get her new pants she
does share the other one I want to take
a minute let's find the moment she shit
her pants I think it was here
okay making fun rivers not gonna get her
to not prank haha we could fire new
pants we could pants was a joke we're
not gonna get her pants you could take
her out to eat she might like food okay
hurry Albert well my dad okay
dad's a cheap day dude I can get I can
get some McDonald's fish sandwiches fish
sandwiches at McDonald okay you might
forgive us you know Bridget I'm getting
a little sick okay I record this
go ahead record this I'm getting a
little sick and tired of coming to get
hot pockets they're not the ones that I
fuckin water that's nice yeah I'm like
Brooke she doesn't like I bet this is a
garlic chicken it is Michael Bridget
likes to switch up the hop-on should get
one of each and if she'll switch boxes
around I'd be other day the other day I
grind a box of cheeseburger hot pockets
and I'll be damned if both of them work
for cheese pizza yeah yo Josh it's why
are you switching the boxes like this
it's an accident
I don't like should be eating a hot
pocket is better gonna be God what
movies at night you're right we should
probably not eat hot pockets right oh
you're always I'm getting popcorn I'm
getting hot pockets a good thing I'm in
clever
ah and the cameras overheating so
but it's freezer
oh look where did it cooled down it's
only been what 30 minutes nice Oh God
Mountain Hot Pockets
huh we don't like those things anymore
screw you Hot Pocket that's why you're
this dude they want even shut dude help
so let me get this straight
I don't have any clean clothes um you do
how about you shut up though because I
do wash your clothes and you do nothing
you get on camera you gotta make fun of
me like this you know on camera are you
being rude so yeah let me show everybody
how I have to clean my shirt from a
night's movie Oh how's it look well
that's gonna be a pretty day you guys
thanks for watching we're going to the
movies tonight that's gonna be in
tomorrow's vlog cuz we're buying some
love folks we're gonna buy some love by
the way that was an actual Tina shitting
in her pants on that clip that was me
doing a fart noise Tina didn't sure but
she well that might be BC where she shit
her pants but that wasn't the sound but
anyway I'm gonna get out of here thanks
for watching you guys we came up with a
plan to buy a little affection my little
love we're gonna we're gonna buy them
not pranking us I don't think it'll work
in my work I'm worried now that I say it
out loud I don't think it's gonna work
and my work we're gonna try thanks for
watching you guys click like if you want
us to get pranked everyone's excited for
do they want us pranked I don't know how
it's gonna work out it's not happening
like I I don't know dude my guards up I
don't think I see how my guard is so up
like I don't know I already heard dad's
plan by the way to tokens all yours she
come on ah
I saw the hint and you I'm gonna guy
here they've got you guys like
five favorite if I want everything
Bridget I
that's so strong
