do you see anything no they drove away
obvious leave it well I don't think that
is gonna do - well I can't find Lucille
what do you want me to do she's in the
broom budget how sure you that was Tina
I'm pretty sure okay just now Bridget
wakes me up she sees a car and guys we
live on a private road there's no reason
for anybody to be on it this is what she
filmed
now I'm not a 100% Bridget seems to
think is Tina I definitely think it was
Tina it's like her and she was here
earlier in that red truck it was either
her she told someone to do it she sent
somebody yeah guys this is something
Bridget filmed earlier
now Tina we know that's you you're
sending goons to our house now this is
guys I don't know if you remember about
about a couple of months ago I said
someone came up to the house yeah you
want some free boat dirt yeah that was
about Tina they were like yeah you want
some primo jordo latina come follow me
to my truck I think that was a setup
beginning yeah it was such a setup it
was embarrassing that was a setup and if
I'm not mistaken I've got the same truck
that was here today what are you up to
what do you have to if you watching me
oh my god don't even if you pick don't
keep it okay is he like that virtu let's
redo it and also be a man this time you
heading to the flog forum I love it
please cut this out okay it's not funny
Robbie's embarrassed me awesome here
okay
Oh tough ready yes if you're out here
Here I am oh my god who it is but if
you've got a problem you can face me
directly Here I am oh my god oh my god
are you serious oh my god who's on the
mask
whoa you don't see it Michael oh my god
I ran around the house
sorry where's security they're off
tonight what they're off tonight
we haven't talked about hiding them on
full time again would you do it
what when were they not full done uh
when things were like well now they're
popping again we need a Monday Tuesday
Wednesday Thursday Friday and a little
bit of Sunday to get on the phone
what's going on you guys
get me out of camera here rejoice here
right there and today is Monday guys
today is Monday and before we get into
any of the stuff about Tina I want to
talk to you guys about something that
it's kind of bothering me and I want to
talk about it and please excuse me
abridge I haven't cleared this with you
yet but I want to talk about this what
is it
okay I was reading some of the comments
in the video where you know we
confronted Tina and we were went to see
Cindy afterwards now in the scene where
you were filming your mom
I guess you caught your own reflection a
little bit and you feel you moved out of
the way so you didn't film yourself yeah
and people are like mad about it why
like bridge is ruining the channel right
now she's just a talking head now
Michael and Bridgette said that's what
it is yeah
but we're just heads now I want to start
off by saying yes it's true I am careful
about how I film Bridgette okay it is
true and it's awesome guys cuz I never
get pranked because of it guys number
one that is not bridges decision it's
not insecurities it's Michael choosing
to film Bridgette that way because I
don't like the reaction that Bridget
gets from people who seem to think they
have the permission to break down the
feelings of a 24 year old girl and you
don't have that you don't have
what are you 25 I'm 24 okay give me a
year older I am 24 right here will give
me a look so I was like that I
mispronounced right wait you don't have
permission to break down a 24 year old
girl for your amusement so if that's
what you're looking for
unsubscribe from the channel now number
two I'm gonna continue to protect my
girlfriend until I feel like she feels
comfortable enough to show herself
because seriously no seriously it means
it's very important to me that she's
comfortable you know she doesn't have to
do YouTube at all okay
now we do YouTube and we hope you guys
are entertained but if you're not
unsubscribe because I'm not keeping you
I'm not going to beg you and I'm not
going to ruin her self-esteem or how she
feels about herself for you so that's
what I wanted to start off the vlog by
saying and that's not everybody it's
just the monsters in the comments
section that you usually see and those
people can unsubscribe so that's what I
wanted to say
I sense a pounding later poundcake she's
talking about guys today is Monday I
wanted to say that right here at the
beginning of the vlog it said that
people would want to break down Bridget
that way but if you're unhappy with the
direction of the channel unsubscribe now
let's talk about Tina no you do not have
to be here all night again I know like
are you not tired you've got to be tired
bro like what time did you get here last
night about 3 o'clock yeah but that's
you look exhausted
huh have you left like at all
did anything happen no she nothing last
night you guys after the video where
somebody drove by her house
Bridget called Doug and he was here like
that like no questions asked he even
brought in Disguise car look at this
alright I guess it's not much of a
disguise anymore you might not want to
show the car you may be right blur it
I'm not worried I'm not blowing the car
Hey what Mike seriously what would you
have done like if she showed up what do
you have like anything let's not even
ask that question no look wow I
appreciate a dog you have to like eat
we're thinking a cookout well where's
the squirrel running around
well I'm talking about a dad's house
first of all Sunday cookout even though
it's coming on Monday Sunday right now
we're thinking my doing a cookout over
with Jennifer and Lauren and the kids
oh okay you want to come to that sure so
you're not even gonna watch our house
sure
guys we're going to the cookout Doug you
don't gotta stay tonight I can take care
of Bridget I could take care of Mike I
know baby sitting here I go I keep
trying to tell Michael not to use a
butter knife to cut it don't say that
okay they don't have any nice lets-a-go
so here I am you guys at dad's house
doug is out there grilling some burgers
and I'm cutting a tomato with a butter
knife right yeah you gotta be you did a
lot better than me though for real oh
geez I know it's so ridiculous all right
that's what we got I hate this I didn't
not even that tomato cookout so it is
time for the cookout at grandpa's house
you guys we haven't done this you know
since everything happened yeah this is
kind of weird doing a cookout I wanted
to show Doug actually grilling the food
but it just got really dark really quick
guys we got mashed potatoes which excuse
me Bridget one taste let me know how
they are
mm you know mashed potatoes bro bridge
you can make a ballin mashed potato and
one more surprise boom oh yeah good guys
excited on it put a ring on it now now
not yet
burgers hot dogs I tried to cut the
tomato element Doug they don't have a
sharp knife in the house oh yeah I had
to use a freaking butter knife you eat
up myself oh okay well we've got cheese
burgers hot dogs all the buns and stuff
mashed potatoes mac and cheese potato
chips and drinks what's missing tater
salad that is missing I didn't get a the
salad would that be disappointed yeah no
tater salad what do you want me most
probably you think that would want me
over potato salad I got a Ouija board
we'll find them no no we're done with
Ouija boards guys we still don't even
bury the other one it's still in the
pool house you sure what's that mean
career came back from
I'm not even joking another half how was
good so good still cheers to Grandpa
nobody has the same Cup that's funny I
know right what does that illegal of
mustard say rumors he's like that
honestly I think that would be happy we
did this
oh yeah I think so yeah I would be too I
had a dream about a lifetime in really
about dad he was he was pissed off he
had an anger dream of a gun and wasn't
really an anger dream easy at first it's
like um fun they say right get everybody
back together all right yeah you get
everybody back together they could
Sunday dinners because we haven't been
doing Sunday dinner since he died and we
did one today after your dream that was
weird
that's the little train also think he's
he's a little pissed off about this Tina
stuff and he wants us to go over there
take care of because that's what he
would do
I don't want to talk about Tina at the
table that's long time can we not talk
about Tina I mean he's got it it's gotta
come up I kinda agree with that like who
cares about Tina can we drop it like
Dawg you can go home tonight yeah Emily
yeah go home go to show your house and
he's just sitting outside watching the
house at night now weapons in the trunk
I don't want to get into that oh my god
Doug we're gonna be okay yeah we have
security what's going on with that Tina
oh dude she has lost her marbles
we don't you ever traveled to Creekside
break we went over there just to see
because I wonder reminisce and she's
yelling over the
that's why I want to go Ginny
you mess with Tina you know what's gonna
happen what do you wait I gotta say
something
can you freaking imagine being that
unapproachable
no seriously yeah approaching like an
animal okay I come in peace okay I gotta
do this with my hands so she's offering
like seriously and you keep talking
about her and that beast mentality that
she has she's gonna come in here she'll
pull you up by your hair and drag you
into the yard oh that's gonna be funny
okay pull me out by my weight my weight
will come off first
she will snatch your weave that's gonna
happen can we drop teeth I'm glad Jenny
did that cut that slice of pie it's torn
up you could get it look go ahead try
okay watch me mm-hmm
okay use it for see look Jimmy not wait
seriously could you imagine being this
unapproachable esteem is oh my god no
miss Dandridge okay I'm just
my god it's crazy man she's so
unapproachable though Jesus usually yeah
imagine that's like someone just selling
something door-to-door excuse me I was
just wondering yeah we are yeah I know
you can't I can't disrespect I guess
she's gonna come at the house I don't
give a damn which of you wake up and
Tina standing over here we don't alarm
system colonel ends dad Jesus well
that's gonna be it for today you guys
thanks for watching
had a really good day uh aside from all
the stuff that happened last night it
was a good day we had Sunday dinner was
a pretty good day you know how weird was
it that Jennifer had a dream that dad
was requesting we all get back together
and we all got back together it's weird
that's definitely really strange and why
isn't he coming into our dreams I wonder
that you know a lot of people in the
family when having dreams I haven't had
one a dad have you um I sort of did what
was it I had a dream that you know we
were going to a cookout and we're
waiting for him I never came oh man
that's heartbreaking guys getting out of
here thanks for watching
had a good Sunday dinner with the family
had a good day Doug he's outside of
course right now waiting because he
thinks team is gonna show up she's not
she learned it is what it is guys
getting out of here thanks for watching
like subscribe favorite fun on
everything to us
Gina
why are we still talking about her I
just wanted to close that I don't hurt
you I know it's you driving up to the
house stop yeah stop
