what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here for to us here right there
and today is Friday happy Friday
why do you gotta be so filthy all the
time with this Wow
enough but Friday its fill heavy fucker
idle filthy today is regular Friday
normal Friday it's a day I'm on a new
camera kit behind a new camera here
vigil is behind the camera here so this
morning just to get it out of there this
morning I decided I was gonna prank
Bridget cuz I woke up and she was still
asleep which never happens so I wanted a
prank Bridget so I grabbed my camera I
go to the bedroom to start recording and
it overheats like a piece of crap the
camera keeps overheating all the time I
popped it in the freezer so I can cool
it down and by the time I took it out
bitch woke up hey you know the trick
right Michael I don't know the trick
obviously okay so whenever I'm about to
prank you I put the camera in the
freezer how am I supposed to know that
common sense so I started watching
I just Dean's videos this morning trying
to find the best vlogging camera and she
recommended this which is the canon g7x
it was also recommended by clara
babylegs and who else recommended this
like everybody like everyone uses this
camera so we're using it today seems a
little dark out here I don't know I got
to play with the settings I got to look
into it maybe it looks better when you
edit it I want to talk about my failed
prank now hold this camera my arms tired
I don't care take my hand
so now Brenda's holding the camera
because my arms too fucking tired not an
abyss yeah and you are cranky you want
to just shut your mouth you are so
cranky anyway Wow today's Friday we got
a new camera my prank on Bridget failed
I'm embarrassed good pissed about it I'm
gonna show you guys in a minute the
camera that's sitting in the freezer
this sucks
let's get this right don't laugh at me
oh no if you haven't seen the video we
yesterday we uploaded the anger Grampa
tries to ow
good deals we uploaded a couple tries
cheeseburger in a can it's not one of my
favorite videos if you haven't seen it
linked below let's get the day started I
don't want to cover the lens cuz I wanna
mess up this camera like Friday style
filthy Phil ok let's check how many
people have freezers or freakin camera
sitting in the freezer hey guys it's
cold that's pretty funny I don't know if
it's a frickin camera on ice cream so I
don't know how many other youtubers have
to deal with this camera overheating
problem pop it in the freezer but this
is a frequent problem for us as vloggers
fucked-up camera and I apologize that
Michael is yellow it's because of this
oh it's yellow in this camera too yeah
well genius over here decided to make a
bet with me today we were at Walmart
getting stuff for our wingtip that we're
gonna be making tonight we looked at the
pickle because we're making burgers as
well and she guaranteed me that these
pickles are dill pickles now I told her
bread and butter chips are sweet now
they're not until we made a bet that
whoever is wrong has to eat a bunch of
the pickles from the jar ever and we got
home we tried it and guess who was wrong
Meah
time to eat some pickles bitch pickle
girl
not enough come on
are you eating with a four they don't
taste very good I don't really like
sweet pickles you need more than one at
a time
get a fork phone no all right here's the
deal
Wow I'll let you stop if I choose your
next fork bowl
otherwise you got to eat the whole
goddamn jar that's good
anyone with that one not a have that
specifically what I want come on eat it
now you never make pets with me I'm not
the drink some of the juice be funny as
hell
pilot let's do paper-rock-scissors say
you have to drink some of the juice okay
and I win you are drinking yes that's
the point just for right now
that was enough did you go never met
supply this is bull - the fans gonna rip
you apart you don't your goal you better
do the go come on right now
Oh God
well on the new camera and I apologize
for the a go Steve I can see all the
blemishes do I my face look that bad
where doesn't mine oh my god like tell
me I look better in person you do goofy
why do i you definitely better in person
okay like what the hell camera it picks
up everything so anyway today we're
gonna make some wing dip am I wrong did
we make wing dip last time we got a new
camera
yes let's pull up kid bianna cam what's
the hell who does he believe it this is
insane dude Jesus Christ so the last
time we got a camera we firt oh my
goodness that's crazy
so this was that camera that is so funny
oh my god the old selfie stick the old
camera that's pretty funny that camera I
don't miss I love this camera you know
what I like like a selfie stick oh you
know I don't like it cuz it overheats
this one Bear doesn't overheat as bad as
the other one yeah and that one I do
like look well I want some wing dip
folks yeah me too
hello ha hey I was calling you to get
your wing dip recipe but I got it I know
we did this last time we have the new
camera to Bridgette oh my god called Kim
on the new camera to get the wing dip
recipe
dude this is for you crazy what is
insane we're using a new camera right
now all night this is crazy
this one's this one is the canon g7x we
just like we're always chasing new
cameras and new qualities right now I
know this one shows like my face looks
like no you actually look really good
right now look painting here huh I don't
know we're gonna try it let's try it
hey one Kim all right find out oh my god
if I go wax sugar zodiac
where is it give us the shit for
reminding us oh my gosh the zodiacs now
showing up as well no it's sort of give
it a minute oh my gosh oh my god this is
not this is awesome so it took us to get
in
new camera and Kim telling us to show
the glow in the dark Michael Myers it's
so cool I hope you can do whatever show
it I know my gosh I'm so happy that's
like always burns into my brain because
I wanted to see it and glow in the dark
so bad well you gonna say it and it's
pretty creepy yeah it's just like the
other one it's just better yeah well
they usually can't fit in my pocket
because I was a selfie stick connected
to it you will have a gun that's why we
keep the camera and bridges pearls okay
for including night I just needed it
damn fuck off fuck your purse fuck you
you don't commit I don't like that bitch
Tim's a fucking bitch fuck yeah no I
just muted the phone to talk shit about
you
fuck you Kim right fuck off yeah what
winter nothin we are doing to Kim I
think you should block her on everything
I'm blocking Kim when everything's I
thought fuck hate her
oh just innocently making wing devil God
care oh is it Kuzon Hey
I can't wait to see this long I know
you're gonna see my you can see my
rotting teeth and ultra-hd oh now don't
sue me okay first step to the wing dip
you dumped cream cheese oh yeah yeah we
start melting down cream cheese boom now
that's pretty cool cream cheese yeah
yeah good camera mm-hmm wait you biting
your lip he ain't turned on a little bad
what the fuck
what's the story wishbone I don't know
the story I've never seen wishbone then
how do you know I'm talking about
something hi I said what's the story
wishbone you said you never seen which I
lied okay I lied
yeah I know you got a wishbone tattoo on
your hip don't paw people oh god
Bridget got a tattoo said what's the
story wishbone belly don't you lose it's
a game I'm a bridge like to play any
fame each other we say lies in front of
people I'm trying to eat we do in stores
mostly always in the checkout lane will
always defame each other and the first
one that doesn't like the defamation
like oh that's not true whatever I got
you a few times
like last time and the register person
hated me I don't know what it was the
best time that ever got you was when I
told the chick that you have to wear
diapers and you pulled down your pants
and shit on the floor to prove you down
how was the best time home yeah you're
right
so you're not gonna fold on that one huh
no they're gonna believe you really did
it you actually wear a diaper so I mean
big but yeah but you don't freakin
change him enough so I can frickin
diaper rash
otherwise it out of the blue cheese and
here with the cream cheese god damn it I
was hoping to get away with it nice try
though
Oh your fault you didn't lick it off it
it's real close to the burner no okay
all right that seems like too much no
kill me
no forgot sighs enough what this dagger
need is to make oh it's certainly not
enough just do it this is all yours no
okay
you gotta be like that I'm not eating
now
let's break up high heels are below with
the sound of music
or over okay now I'm pouring the mixture
over the chicken and the cheese we're
gonna start around do you really want to
break up with me
why are you asking me this right now do
you
you broke over me it was a joke
obviously okay okay will you keep shit
out yatta why do you want to break up a
hmm you will need some or pickles no uh
come on you all smart pickles no I love
being right and just about whatever you
smell like pickles now by the way yeah
he's my shit like OS cuz I sleep next to
you
Merrill's on me diarrhea all over the
sheet you know what what no I didn't do
that you asked yeah that's enough you
lost I woke up in there was diarrhea all
over the sheets mmm-hmm okay now we just
pour all that in you just read the pan
yep
I sprayed the pan with Pam oh my god
it's so cute I said that that was the
point I'm an extra key miracle baby this
is Pam dad to burger that was perfect
are you kidding oh you got one more
motherfucking time what do you do about
it nothing I'm sorry I got punished she
fuckin slap me in the mouth no I didn't
are you yeah you can't hide I will
you're never gonna beat me at this game
oh my gosh no way I didn't eat your spit
had
okay she's not a sweat know what you
lost again
you know I don't want to play this game
on camera anymore well that's gonna be a
fair to you guys thanks for watching
wing dip afraid I was trying to think
what the thing was oh okay good my face
looks horrible
uh we're still playing with this camera
we don't know you know the best how bad
does my face look look at the camera
looks fine not like my might all trashed
up and shit but it's not actually know
about anyway we're in the laundry room
right now cuz we're looking for cans for
the tin can challenge
oh my god just stuff that we can just
stuff that weekend Jesus Christ let me
try that again
just stuff that we can forget it this
Wow
dog food can't even do it no more can
can challenge Sunday thanks for watching
you guys hey guys I am so excited
thanks for watching you guys hope you
liked the new camera we're so playing
with it maybe for tomorrow's vlog I'll
show both camera side by side or
something but anyway I'm gonna get out
of here thanks for watching you guys
check out the burger on a can video
below right below is that noise out
there thanks for watching you guys
like subscribe favorite if I want
everything Bridget last let's end it on
Michael Myers if it glows
yeah it's goin still oh my gosh that is
so sick hey Mikey I'm afraid to be the
room
