No how does your favorite furs are have
suavo
so I guess there's another way to make
it using that mmm well boil this would
be you really smell what you forgot
we're boiling it for for you it's a way
of even get I guys you could boil the
can well you you got here can no boils
for 10 minutes oh my god
you have no kick any so by I don't want
to yes so far we make a promise to you
Charles
every film his face want to tell them
this make a promise to Charles I'm
rigging the tin can challenge for him to
draw this burger you are going to draw a
burger here this funny as we're just
going to give it to me as soon as I damn
sunny butter oh yeah I walk outside man
it smells horrible
I can't even I can't even place this
matter it was just rich I smell inside
the cash train junk on the Thai sauce
how they can god that's just to carry
what is he gonna do Sunday MA smelled
weird I don't mean wasn't that bad
that's that's why Charles is the one to
eat it dude cuz fucking Hill tall by
anything unknown substance yeah tears oh
it was let me tell you yeah dad's a
trooper yes I asked we all got a refund
now so you wanted to try it what does
the vertical burger and I can round one
sucks what it tastes like Jordan that
might turn me off hammer ever Mike are
you serious
I'll go make a damn meat loaf of supper
dog I'm gonna down that shit now
you're not gonna make a meatloaf for
dinner not because of cheeseburger in a
can fuck no I mean everything hamburger
here holy shit dude
what are you gonna do that's some gross
shit I like my hamburgers - I might
wimpy I damn you eat a motherfucker you
pop it like you a garbage got
motherfucker
I never garbage got like you damn damn
damn good all God and the other is huh
what the hell he just a toy you do the
goddamn flipped off the goddamn bottom
pancakes brand table but you got a rich
greedy motherfucker talk about grease
man oh that hamburger meat for the day
of pop for the pizza last night oh yeah
do a drain of shit it was my fault for
yeah hey Dad what's the fucking smash
that if you don't I'm soul to spoon you
both put this in the goddamn ball water
yeah where does it say that buff up shit
can you read German Achtung by Vaughn my
ass I mean Vaughn rah oh dude fuck the
Sheep absorber and you can't read it the
mint it's permitted that hurt for me
it's permitted all right let's put it
ten minutes get in man why did that piss
you off yeah you know UK got him can do
anybody won't be goddamned burger can I
do it oh god oh god
so close my meat it's letting me that
ain't me mama
you Sunday you did yours we got a ring
now you need I tried baby and then you
got a baby
piss my pants
there's no way he'll joy that Ricky Bahl
oh my god holy crap I tried it it was
built wrong why didn't he like I can't
describe it like I really don't yet I
mean I gotta push your little this that
bad then are doing you got Ian focus yep
I would words are ah well dad you've
been excited all week for it Luol was
what is the verdict on cheeseburger -
can I think everybody will get one and
trot do you and you don't throw my idea
and anybody would eat it and divide it
yeah peppers fuckers on that trail I
love it yeah you know what it's for
right dad
no it's for hikers like if they have
they've done even like like peanuts and
stuff together dance like campers how
you hiked the Appalachian man take you
months man yeah I do I be drunk us up we
eat it
mmm shouldn't ask me I don't look at
real food it doesn't it doesn't manage
battle Jim it looks like dog food it was
like that day we were doing the last one
yeah Oh God God that's behind me I'll
never do that again
well well like I told you this works
from the tin can challenge need none
could be worse no there is nothing work
and that bug I promise you there's
something worse in it I'm just imagining
man like calamari and fucking Dale it's
worse there's way worse than all of that
I got some surprises in store
I feel good luck when you know I'm sick
now right are you sick I'm not any new
on hamburger meat ever again ever
cookie lucky I notice I have been broken
meeting me broke is a broken man he is
broken I gotta tell you what man if you
did sound like that meat you took away
something I love like I really love my
hamburgers you bring something like that
over it fucks me up Rock any hamburgers
anymore I gotta think of something of
yours I think something that you loved
hey I took I just tried hamburger on my
damn self I tried it my favorite foods
what are you looking at how'd I do that
what it's in the Dan Haley honey oh then
what I do it anyways got it Oh God
you're open around me tonight
Oh
right here we go
no peeking Oh
