what's going on you guys get behind a
camera here and today is Wednesday and
today we're going over to grandpa's yeah
I gave it to you I stopped caring that
you take my lines
and today we're gonna go today is
Wednesday Michael that's my line and
today is Wednesday it were people really
grabbed buzz today grandpa's gonna be
trying the cheeseburger and a can and
I'm very very excited oh my gosh I am
too like I don't think he's gonna like
it
there's just no way he thinks she's
gonna love it I can't imagine any well
it's like potted meat or something to
her no like bad Salisbury steak I don't
know I'm excited for grandpa to try it
that's gonna be going up tomorrow if you
haven't seen the video we uploaded
yesterday check it out the link is below
the links also gonna be at the end of
the vlog grandpa I had a garbage fight
also today is 4/20 wake-and-bake yo I
wake up wake I waked of it am i smoking
weed is that what I woke up and not
baked me some muffins oh I didn't really
do that happy drugged a happy drug
there's a picture of me smoking weed
kids don't do drugs that's what you look
like on on weeds okay I know you're
excited cuz it's 4/20 but don't smoke
weeds because you will look like this
okay folks here it is
grandpa's future on Gloria bastard
what's going on war on blur there it is
grandpa's future Steakhouse burger
grande cheese I wanted to take a minute
real quick to get serious about a
subject Tom Nasir he is the guy who
developed the angry grandpa website he
developed an app called cricket and the
app is used for Syrians over in war-torn
countries and everything
if they want to find kind of like an
underground railroad situation where
they can find safe haven and safety and
access to food and water they can use
this app to get to safety because a lot
of them their phones have become their
lifelines and this app helps them find
just shelter and safety and just to get
out of you know harm's way and right now
he is his app is up for you know an
award and if you guys could click the
link below check it out and give it a
vote that would be most appreciated and
I really appreciate it check it out it's
a really helpful app it's very positive
and I wanted to take a minute in the
vlog to do this for Tom he didn't you
know he didn't ask me to do this but I
wanted to do it for him because he's a
genuinely good person and I really think
the app is very helpful well we just
filmed cheeseburger and a camp with gay
hey hey I took a bite too man but dad
took big bites are you crying I can't
tell so tomorrow we're gonna be
uploading a grandpa trying the
cheeseburger in a can you were so
excited I want to go ahead and let you
guys know ahead of time there's a vomit
alert for it
couple of vomit alerts oh god like your
chair what I bought these fucking chairs
oh shit yes when you threw the chair
right here I bought these pure brand new
well you threw one because the freaking
burger what did I do
Nick bring that shit my house yeah no
accountability to you yeah yeah
even I'll go shoot somebody for a second
well they what I do
even the puppies like what the fuck did
you just do but just start fighting
instantly so it had bacon on it what
something by that that wasn't bacon who
was that actually wasn't bacon I'd be
afraid if it was cuz you that's what the
eat like pork like that right play some
fighting shit man
and then those like a barbecue sauce
what was barb you thought that there was
some sort of sauce like it was like a
sheen it was like a sample Oh
Michael gravel you remember him right
yeah I'm old friend I told you so long
what else did he send us oh he says I
goddamn strumming shit yeah that's right
let's go strumming strumming bitch
maybe you ain't my friend yeah he sent
used to strumming last time and he said
she cheeseburgers when I can this time
where did he go Cindy Michael whatever
crazy if he sits the strumming again hey
you do that he does goofy doin uh no of
course not MA you better be nice to me
there's gonna be three of you eatin it
three you Charles and a special guest
who's supposed to get you'll find out
Sunday I want this to be an epic video
we're going out to buy the food in a few
days I gotta find the right brand of dog
food I'm thinking a lot of food I'm
thinking I'm thinking all roughly have
you ever seen the tin can challenge
totally do you know what it is
basically we take a bunch of cans we rip
the labels off of them you draw numbers
on it and you draw a number out of a hat
and you got to eat a bite of whatever's
in that can justify just about you leave
the whole can I wouldn t eat a whole can
of oil Roy oh you know it's a crazy shit
it's damage an around the green sure
water and shit fucking damn now
love you all we all three ghosts around
the dam count on part a part of the
table I don't know we'll figure it out
you decided oh so you're back on the
wagon I've eaten hamburger meat huh
I'm gonna make a dish crap yeah I know
what it is but she's still gonna eat it
you said you're not God Wade you know we
dump this in the garbage real quick what
do you do we cut dumped us in trash well
he was in I wouldn't
dad's got any fresh vegetables and shit
oh I know it goes and he goes yeah but I
didn't expect you to have that burger
can guys he's both a secret sauce on it
that's repulsive my go let's go let's go
that was Rapunzel well yeah so fucking
butcher knife he's God are you well
enough to make this meat legume you make
I offered it because I know Charlie
would rather have my meals better than
you I kind of touching that take into
your house baby for real though
Michael's meatloaf is way better you
love anymore it's delicious though yes
daddy love is just good stop
yes it is no it is bridget is really a
bitch stop it
come on you have a good old time muster
your staff today remember the trash talk
yeah that's what I'm you getting at last
we made by those foodie toss tacos in
the garbage I don't what about to happen
again and you still talking about the
garbage mmm later I hate tribes tacos
yeah I've got a good beat okay meat love
does sorta taste like cheese burger
nickname
oh my god we got a look at this fucking
kitchen brah Michael what is that is
that the banana pudding yeah what's that
Jesus Christ
smell that horrible Baldy what is that
that's shit dude
I don't know you tell me I took a shit
in a bowl and forgot about it
why would don't hold dr. Pitt that's my
thing those will drink this later dude
it's freaking not I don't know you know
what you're gonna eat a fucking burger
in a can how about that shit
oh no you're not gonna make me you can't
pour that out to Michael it's older it's
fizzing up but still good no it isn't it
splatters shit it's flat reminds you of
something hey Bridget now it does oh I
don't do what you're saying you cut my
dick head off now you're gonna eat this
banana now no we're not wasting food man
man I don't want a banana right now have
a banana okay okay what are you doing
give me your banana here happy drug day
oh wow I'm trying to shove it down your
throat your deep throat a banana banana
well that's gonna be it for today guys
thanks for watching I had a good day at
grandpa's house yeah it was a pretty
good day and it was so funny like really
funny Michael gravel thank you for your
help of the tin can challenge you're
gonna see your hard work pay off this
Sunday
thanks Michael gravel thank you Michael
gravel
thank you Michael gravel anyways if you
want to see the burger and a cans video
check out the angry grandpa show channel
tomorrow 4 o'clock Eastern Time you're
gonna see a trailer at the end of this
video it's gonna be epic and follow me
for a first look Bridget always post a
link first on her Twitter around 3
o'clock follow our own Twitter
at Bridget life skips oh god are you
happy now you got what you wanted
there we go thanks for watching you guys
what a day
it's been a day and I just cleaned the
kitchen oh my god
kitchen look good look at oh we still
gotta make dinner
though I'm gonna get out of here thanks
for watching you guys like subscribe
favorite fun on everything for Joanna
and that's love you travel
giving you bad
I hope you have a happy birthday
fix me to update dish a happy Doug day
if you want to add your grandpa shirt
check out the link pub oh my gosh
Michael please make a shirt now oh my
gosh we'll talk about it later happy job
they fought toy duties I suppose do
these like this I don't smoke drugs I
don't know how I don't know how weeds
work
