what's going on you guys kid behind a
camera here or Vigil STR right there and
say today is Monday and today you smell
like shit
that's a lie you can say that all
morning well I can't wash it off I took
a shower I washed my hands it won't come
off it's about the permanent it's it
makes you doing onions and I'm not
saying that I stink it's like a hangover
fart late well I don't drink so I don't
know what a hangover fart smells like
inform me Bridget that's what you smell
like after you drink so anyway today's
money I don't want to talk you're making
me mad oh you smell like a fart a
hangover for today is Monday and today
we're going to Olive Garden ah garden
that was my joke I was gonna say all
fuck boned Olive Garden why are you
still in my jokes if you haven't seen it
yet the YouTube channel before they are
famous did a video on me pickle boy
pickle boy before they were famous so I
don't know if it's like made in the
future because I'm not famous yet but
anyway pickle boy before they were
famous I helped I collapse with the guy
I recorded some sound bites and some
video and there's some stuff with me and
dad if you wanna see it check out the
link below and you can check a pig away
before that whoa and it just popped up
on the damn screen pickle boy before
they were famous pause this and watch it
now what you're not good oh my god you
okay yes to walk I feel so bad for you
so vlog
the head fuck mana burn why with the
Cologne
how'd it get over my glasses
I don't know Kourtney singing no okay
barely look Missy my eyes open someone
to light my face recording yep
are we out where I think we're at I
think so you did it again
quiet okay I'm gonna have my eyes closed
like this okay when I open them I'm
gonna go oh and then you'll turn as I'm
trying all right all right again it's
like that's my okay okay are we are we
at where I think we're I think so
I don't I don't understand what you want
me to do
what are we out where I think we're at
no give me the fucking camera go I
wouldn't I know you're doing it on
purpose
okay I'm not I need you to turn it I
don't understand what I'm doing wrong
you don't turn it until I do this okay
watch when I do this - when you talk I
think so
Michael wait let's just redo it come on
it's not a big deal
no you can get yourself run over Oh
Michael you're please put this with me
just pop my god
now you can't even find my legs regret
it
but what giving me your friends so I
thought Bridget had the winning words
six yeah and I really want to be yours
because I'm like whoa look at that yeah
I'll be soft and buttery for good since
you know fairy City why you allowing me
to
you Kappa you are barely surviving this
trail now only guys I lost so much if we
done their own fight oh my god get that
much no I just
okay the other day I showed you guys we
had a Michael Myers painting for one of
our friends while she made me another
one
Bridget has requested a series of serial
killer paintings she she's requested a
few we're getting Chucky pretty soon oh
my gosh we're getting that clown
Pennywise and Mothman God how many
serial killers you work I can't help it
they are so cool I had no idea to get
such a talent this one will be the
creepiest of the serial killers she
requested because it's a real serial
killer she wants a fucking here we go
everybody
soda yeah Bridget requested a Zodiac
painting and look how fucking cool dat
it it's so cool oh my god Wow
I can't wait to properly hang them I
haven't seen this one glow-in-the-dark
yet myself let's go check this out
hopefully it actually glows oh fuck what
it I'm not even showing it you know
Bridget my April just like a sweetness
it's a straight leg we are fucking
disgusting
oh yeah it's taking the minute with my
eyes though not the camera they can't oh
my god the camera doesn't pick up on it
though so even though you can't see it
the most thing that's glowing on the
dark are the symbols behind them it's
amazing
today cool turn the lights yeah they
look beside each other awesome I really
want them in the living room though you
are sick to have such a how am i sick
this is so cool it is cool it is so I
can't wait to see the Chucky in the
Pennywise talent I know it really is
like hard oh I'm not challenging my dish
you are mom big baby bitch no you know I
want that call myself that I don't know
Lisa took the a girl
woman please took the a girl are you
serious yeah
where is he I don't know he's hiding
somewhere there he is oh they'll see
this trash you too Clyde will have to
obviously explain why there's so many
bags of garbage good okay so basically
when trash comes trash comes every
Wednesday and when we get built up in
the trash
well yeah whenever trash comes they
refuse to take bags from like the street
they show this has to sit here till
Wednesday
yeah unless we find an apartment complex
which is Joost are you seriously
suggesting she's done this before
go fucking loading my car up full of
trash and finding the apartment complex
and using their dumpster yeah like I
don't think till Wednesday
come on that's particular dad for
garbage can come on let's do that click
like if you think we should take this
garbage over an angry guy pause the
trash can and by the way he only has two
if you could like and you want us to do
it I'll call them ahead of time say to
be in his front yard so he can see us
doing it and don't pitch us out and yeah
it'll be a whole thing they're gonna get
us killed if we click a lot it they look
like I can't even believe we're doing
this
that's gonna be a fitting a you guys I'm
gonna get out of here my apologies for
the kitchen footage which once again is
yellow and flashing it looks like crap
I find your apologizing for the mess cuz
I'm really sorry for the mess they're
gonna live with it you have a look at it
it's embarrassing man oh yeah Adam yeah
we're embarrassing and nastiness the
truth is we are just fresh look we're
fuckin rich a subscribe it's fine you
shouldn't is that Olive Garden lie
we're pick buffs they did see us all
garden I'm gonna get out of here thanks
for watch I'm gonna be in soldiers I'm
not insulting you come on get out of
here like when you lost your shoe which
part time that whenever you're grabbing
my shoe you farted see what it's gonna
happen
you liar fucking liar the cameras
overheating hard to get your line out
we're really having buzzer never mykos
bending over to get my shoe which thank
you so much first shoe came off by the
way it Olive Garden and it stunk it
stunk our entire section up she took a
shoe off no I
Oh God yeah the cameras overheating what
do you gotta say you've got a bitch
Wow once again click like you got this
bar into the blog oh my gosh I'm so
excited below if you made it this far
and if you did and you saw it yesterday
you get to see which one but it just
works
pull your shirt up but also back to my
place you know I think you need better
pants well yeah well that was my god
