what's going on you guys kid behind a
camera here vigil STI right there and
dinner right over there okay I forgotten
to be intro again I know right like I
took a shower and everything I'm busy go
up so okay full disclosure clean boots
panic camera fuck face shut up behind
the camera right there eyes full
disclosure I decided to cook before
doing the intro I didn't anticipate
destroying my clothes and having to
change and get ready again
and you would know so everything you're
gonna see in just a minute I filmed too
difficult look it's fine I just gotta
tell you though you look really good
today I know my you looking really good
I don't know that was I don't either
one love so anyway are you trying to
tell me something I'm talking to my
audience
one love you guys Gavin seen the vlog
who put up yesterday check out the link
below
anger grandpa snapped he lost it he's
gone cuckoo he's fucked up something
wrong with what's going on really hope
that he was just messing with them
grandpa thinks characters from movies
are real people I hope he was joking as
well so dad they're not right they're
not so we also thought we were the
suspender twins anyway check out the
vlog from the link below let's get this
Sunday started that's so funny that he
like suspenders so much I said let's get
the Sonny started so right now I am
making grandpa's favorite dessert banana
pudding oh my gosh I love banana pudding
too so I got three packets of instant
vanilla pudding and I'm going to add a
few cups of heavy cream and a few cups
of milk so one this is dad's favorite
dessert I did not know that that's so
cool
it's so messy but
come on you bastard
that is so sweet you're making banana
pudding for him yeah I'm a nice carrot
now I'm adding some whipped cream go
ahead mix that in there
okay I got some vanilla wafers down and
I'm going to throw out some bananas this
is the first banana pudding I've ever
made so from doing shit wrong oh well
I'm sure can we get either way and I'm
pretty sure this is how you do it I mean
I don't know though I wish I had like a
big glass bowl or something you know
yeah this is very whipped so as you can
see I've added another layer of wafers
bananas and putting over the top of that
and I'm just going to top it with
whipped cream I don't know why I did
that
so the macaroni is baking we ended up
making homemade mashed potatoes
sour cream half and half oh man that was
a lot of work like I never I'm never
peeling potatoes ever again dude I can't
peel the potatoes you have to do that
stuff Michael come on anyway at this
point I rather use box
shit this tastes like they're hot oh
we're just got white cream foam okay
that's enough
holy shit
good yeah should have found the recipe
these are red skin potatoes oh my god
half-and-half sour cream a little bit of
seasoning salt a little bit of onion
powder butter all mashed up together
this is always the worst part of cooking
my goodness fricking potatoes stuck in
the mixer freaking stuff just everywhere
this gets ridiculous all over my damn
shirt hello in my face hello crap Shh
it's worse down there what are you doing
Oh what are you doing dad built Jacob
this wall
you saw the wall so ask him to draw him
oh yeah hey don't you trying to draw a
picture on a farm that is so cute don't
say what school is this dad made I know
like so grandpa is in the process of
redoing Jacob's bedroom and they had
this chalkboard built into the wall and
as you keep Bridget wrote hey Jacob are
oh hey Jacob
hey draw some pictures on the farm I
made that goddamn chalkboard yes I say
thank you
no usually I put it on the wall okay I
made that I don't think you did Wayne
how you did it's called cocaine I don't
believe you dude I'm not dissing you I'm
trying all bottom border and put it up
how would you write something on here
hey man go get something to wipe that
off with Oh guys I did yeah I agree fuck
you AGP class
he's right off you scroll out my fucking
signature into him
oh yeah oh well do it again I'm trying
just a second we got oh look Richard he
pees kitchen on the menu today
hi daddy chicken you just fell the Kevin
as I tell you picking tag team match a
ders match starters and Brock you guys
roll it so here's what we got
what you saw me make macaroni is most
potatoes but in a pudding
dad's got broccoli casserole like rice
gravy chicken three different ways
Sunday dinner I'm done with this shit
you guys have like a claim today ear
Michael yes God it's your house no
selling wine you're saying I'm telling
right here
someone got stabbed like a prison
shanking you want some blood you all
know about that
no all right anybody want some blood no
no damn blood me and as soon as I look
down right now - I leave you do the
shipping oh yeah dude those are Altoids
who like key what I look dad I saw a lot
yeah I'll go through the goddamn keys
gang
you got a hose or something I can clean
this with ya you know what you still
pissed about that
yeah he's peasant I was a good friend is
a good trade it was simple all these
civil is you minded gosh we really got
to myself yeah right looks like it's
gonna be the same well then I'll come
off okay okay guys now it's just a weird
me goddamn I know my girl ready to go
guys oh my god
well that one never come up goodbye
tonight it is gonna be made so we get it
fresh to watch it yeah but I gotta bring
the pressure washer out the bar anyway
you would have this
you think use that goddamn movie to
brush that's a show how horrible
untypical well success good job babe
your mouth or dead you do got some stank
breath I ain't talking to Saint Brigid
she has Altoids in a first and I found
fake blood under your sink whoo you guys
yeah what kind of normal process fake
blood in the stage a favorite of finds
you go to normal oh my gosh your face I
look like a vampire now yeah I know
vampire thumbnail haha yes sir it is
what hmm nothing what nothing grandpa is
planning on making homemade pasta Hey
what's funny about that you have blood
on your hands can you have some on your
face are you serious yo we're in public
and I'm like what have you been doing
Bridget
it's from the prank i pranked grandpa
you haven't seen anybody link oh uh okay
This Is It this is the pasta maker is
that fine can't get out of this door now
hey carbonate thing no I have to get a
few things
watch slowly too slow I'm gonna get out
it oh my guys okay we can go
you still filming yes
how nervous poisoned dude it looks like
you've murdered somebody that was
looking sweet right now hey Bella do you
miss us I'd know I know Bella did she
always missed Oh Bell always mission
room she's not gonna roll over late did
you miss this book yeah
oh that's lazy scooper Bella that's
please oh well that's gonna be it for
today you guys thanks for watching
had a good day prank grandpa was really
spur of the moment Bridget had Altoids
in her purse to this the dogs freaking
out
Bridget had Altoids in her purse I found
fake blood under grandpa's cabinet I was
like he's getting in he's getting
pranked today so I'm gonna get out of
here
Bridget I want to thank you for
recording the kitchen scene earlier
without opening the shutters so it looks
like it filmed with closed eyes or
something I really thought you were
thanking me man yeah no bridge was like
oh I did something right now you fucked
it up you know I even nothing right you
can't draw him damn such a fucking kind
of my soul she fucking cut my soul I did
I really cut you deep the video where we
prank grandpa make him think he busted
the teeth and not in my mouth and my
nose is below its opposite end funny he
cares about Mogambo cares about me real
proof
hashtag proof I'm gonna get out of here
thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe favorite well then everything
rich of us and that's it I wasn't done
by then everything you already said that
you can't sanch Weiss
you got a face with it oh wait I did
this yesterday do you another one no no
no
lazy hate work no I'm not working come
on - I look like you want me to twerk
for tomorrow oh my god please like it so
again I'll twerk for now now just me
give me grandpa
kiss okay I'm sorry I got it
you got
