what's going on you guys Kippy vigils
ter let's take you beyond the camera
here first at least yeah what's going on
you guys get behind a camera here vigil
STI right there and today my line and
today is Friday and today what is
Saturday God just do the whole intro
game today
okay and today we've got over to
grandpa's can we ask today we're going
over to Grandpa's house
tomorrow we're going over to Grandpa's
house for Sunday dinner
we haven't done a Sunday dinner in a
while I know dad it's making a fried
chicken we're making some mac and cheese
we're gonna bring some stuff that's for
tomorrow's vlog I'm gonna make a banana
pudding I'm gonna make a macaroni and
cheese and we're going to make mashed
potatoes so that's a whole thing that's
tomorrow
well make them taste homemade they'll
probably humming we don't know what
we're doing yet we might get the frozen
bag of my boil potatoes I don't know
what we're gonna do but that's for
tomorrow but for today we're just going
to hang out definitely not box mashed
potatoes no definitely not box mashed
potatoes aren't very good not that
there's anything wrong with that because
I used to sustain off of those and I
love the wall okay we're making box man
you know what my mom she loves the box
mash why are we talking about mashed
potatoes right now the fuck is this
intro you know honestly I don't know
Matt works about macaronis an hour it
might that bad of a bastard
look that's tomorrow's vlog today we're
going to hang out with anger grandpa and
that's it
let's get this Saturday started that's
all the rest for the intro if you
haven't seen the vlog we put up
yesterday check it out this bitch
pranked me in the East fucking
mayonnaise filled cupcake it was utterly
repulsive and I'm angry at you for I
don't care you get over it
that's yes we did I got much more
planned
you better not prank me no more let's
get this Saturday started sup Bella
I won't for a minute I was sitting I was
expecting her to reply or sometimes I
don't know why like what's up fellow not
much
nice right you're a dog though I'll say
it again
you're a dog
now the other part
what's up Bala nothing much so is that
you admitting you're a dog no I'm not if
you're answering for bail that makes you
a dog you answer for bail-in all right
all the time
what's up Ella nothing much her voice
didn't change from yours at all can you
not just you can't even do voices
I can't I'm not creative or talented or
anything well I may have people gonna
love that
like I know Bridget yeah you untalented
bitch right like they got me you're very
talented Bella
hey are you Bella she was that's right
momma's a bitch oh man I'm kind of
messing it up that is so funny do
something else I'll do know they're
going
yeah it's close does that goddamn
chalkboard belong to you what does that
belong to you
we don't want I don't get that Harry
Potter show about goddamn golf board you
don't have a dry race you've run this
you looked right out have you done you
don't have any racer why would you get a
freakin child for you without an eraser
but I bought one yet
well you probably should get one yeah
oh please dude I worked hard on that I
didn't really work for me I'm working
hard to getting the motherfucker off so
what's the sellers up with this AGP s--
kitchen in my kitchen is yeah I get it
yeah dog food shit I don't know I guess
you gotta buy dog food
two times they can't feed themselves
shit what's in it see I don't you
believe okay just fucking joking around
so you can't even joke anymore
you gave me some cooking videos yeah you
buy unlawful no I have so you want to
wring my cooking with Grandpa yeah do
you guys want to see that let's put out
to them ask what they want to see a
cooking with ground ball back yeah
dealer for God's sakes click like if you
want more cooking with Grandpa videos
yeah you make sloppy joes I haven't
watched it yet but they sound good
they are good gamut you don't run to a
little promotion here look here's the
deal if you guys want it cooking with
Grandpa comes back next Thursday okay
what is he doing I can't see his face I
don't even know he's making weird faces
why you I think you never seen the
camera before I wish I had little bits
present look you're late guys Hey
oh he caught it before I could do it you
know my dad's Finney's on I know you
don't like Bernie Sanders why you wanted
the shirt so dad made me some cooking
with Grandpa
he made sloppy joes we miss couple dad's
a good dad sound like a suspender store
where's he going
I'll do that you get a little fashion
show
grevilles giving us a suspenders fashion
show he does not want to talk about the
cooking video so anyway we got cooking
videos he made I don't know if you've
seen him yet but he got sloppy joes uh
and i think he made like chicken called
ID ellis chicken he's make meatballs you
know what I don't understand what I'm
gonna ask me about it why does he call
it Adela's chicken she is a fictional
character a Dalit who what I dela is the
chef or the cook from Driving Miss Daisy
huh well nobody's holy shit how many
suspenders do you have admitted I can
get I'll oh it's a big asset ain't on
that one how do I walk I got a rainbow
road i guess the buddha credit listen oh
man I feel like Donald Trump with this
why don't talk over suspender he does
when did you ever see that before he
wears his vision these are my go to help
offenders
those are your ones that you had for
years yeah these my go to help spinners
what does that mean you don't like him
go Dale I was watching your Fried
Chicken video yeah why do you call ID
Ellis fried chicken God knows David ID
Ellis not a real pro yeah she's not real
she's a fictional character she died
shelling peas yeah but it's a character
she's not real
are you in real and how do you know
that's a cool story then how do you know
I dealt with a jealous fried chicken
tastes like you never had it
cuz the dataset was good and sort of oak
these are real people they are real did
you fight you but you I've seen it a
hundred times
Hoke is what is freaking I was she would
my momma my mom's almost like her your
mom was just like her she hated all
us Driving Miss Daisy is a freaking
movie not real it's a movie it Israel
the Daisy was real lady she lived in
Atlanta it might be based on a true
story or something but that the movie
you know the movies not real
and I really I really like what it's not
a documentary Hey
and he drove up that sty storm I can't
do that neither can he he did you know
got in West End Derek what you drive
trouble Dairy what I'm telling you now
man that's Daisy the real person my
Devils not lost if she was and there's
not a goddamn madam your understanding
you went to the mark I'm cookies Modela
chicken okay what is that it's like II
don't have sits on Delos Oh what is this
oh he could pant up he has a belt you
don't need to tell you finish yeah I'll
put on bro video mark suspenders why
were you up oh my gosh
all right you know cute look I'll pay
with your ass oh gosh okay
good god man
dummy brood I can't you gotta do that
where they going no do you belt that
mean you think but I be the suspenders
twins yeah I kneel no wait just dama
what hang on
yeah damn it hang on it keeps hang on oh
wait shit it's just getting bullshit not
it just turned off on Mouse shit hang on
all right let's try it now
oh it just overheated damn it hang on
alright yeah that's like it now oh my
gosh
um damn it shit ah Frank Frank I got you
alright I wouldn't do it
I want
come on dude
they're stoppin oh my gosh do you need
help
what though that's gonna be it for today
you guys thanks for watching what the
hell grandpa's lost touch with reality I
I think we should just put him on
nursing home
I like the idea I brought it up in front
of him I cut out from the vlog he was
just included real quick so you can see
this I act
he's lost touch dude he thinks that
characters from a movie or it Loomis is
bad kids don't have sits on Delos I dela
isn't a real person not yes God I went
to the funeral
okay he's well he's snap you're getting
a minute I went to her funeral okay okay
I don't keep that lady saying that's all
they did a great job Google search
nursing homes Charleston South Carolina
shit baby we got balls searching Google
for nursing home Strawson South Carolina
dad you're going to a nursing home
not really he said he's not going to a
nursing home but still I'm not really
he's lost touch with reality if he
thinks that I della and Miss Daisy and
Hoke and all these characters from
movies are really in his life let's just
dad I was joking and then we had a
suspender spite that was finally Bridget
pranked us with the whole freakin
thumbnail shit that's my price
that's mine Frank you got me I know okay
I mean you're part of yours like what's
going on here
look I'm gonna get out of here thanks
for watching you guys dad you've lost it
see you tomorrow why grandpa you're
crazy I said like already like crazy ass
hey fuck ho like subscribe favorite
follow me on everything follow me on
everything I know everything
you take my mind's eye take yours
everything go boy
my key
so my dicing some questions made I
didn't tell this fucking man I said
click like you made it this far see my
extra weird unneeded dance I'm out of
rescuing I think you should go on
America's Got Talent
that is a winning town you got it you
got the talent babe
