what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here for just here right there
and today we're being shannond and today
we fuck it's uh Friday you're discussing
why do you got it - I have to bleep it
out when you say that I know it's funny
yes we fucked out really fuck you've got
to stop saying the word we totally
fucked
we were gonna go over to Grandpa's house
so he could try that burger and a can
but he's sick
my nephew sick my brother's sick I don't
want to get cell no so I'm not gonna go
over today folks
dude I would feel so bad for you
especially cuz you just got better
I just got better like two days ago not
even I was sick in Dallas I got homesick
I'm still not totally better I would
rather not get something else on top so
grandpa's not getting the burger and I
can today maybe tomorrow maybe Sunday
hopefully Sunday's whenever everyone is
better and the germ dye and the charm
died if you haven't seen the vlog I put
up yesterday re-enacted Bridget's
Monopoly blowout if you haven't seen it
click the link below don't watch that it
is so embarrassed she flipped out over
monopoly on the other day she flipped
out over oh no that's enough now that I
got something I got to tell you what
okay all right I don't know how to put
this I cheated a torn-up I cheated I of
always cheated every time we've ever
played uno I cheat are you serious I'm
serious are you serious yes I'm serious
I'm sorry I want a rematch no cuz
Bridget I probably can't beat you let me
tell you how I cheat so you can look out
for next time
I just pocket the good cards oh oh I
have another deck of uno we bought two
decks
I bought a cow I took all the good cards
out and I just wait to lay my trap and I
beat her if you want to beat somebody
easily a uno pocket the good cards
I'm sorry I'm a cheater are you really
mad yes she cried I embarrassed the shit
out of myself for nothing that's why I
did it because I knew you and embarrass
yourself so Michael just admit it to me
that he cheated and you know if I felt
in there now you wish nothing hope you
enjoy your day where you phone me put on
a belt yes I got a stomach I'm fat where
you phone I'm not filming it cuz of that
Jesus I just hope you enjoy your day I
love you what about your face when you
say that we are getting cupcakes hell
yeah
Thank You Bridget I'm just craving
something sweet
what kind of cupcakes you would you
funfetti classic yellow classic yellow
possibly yeah
golden butter recipe across Chicago
golden butter I'm rad a little bit of an
impasse there I'm getting five who's
making the you got all right what about
a sort of lemon ice a lemon go with I
let you know I like lemon so and now I
go with these or they go with the
vanilla see I feel like that would be a
good spring you know like a spring
cupcake they don't see women damn let's
look for
because of nothing else I could make my
own I just got to get some lemons you
don't have to make icing well yeah I
would just like yeah I do
since would you not to make icing
there's there's this really simple
recipe what's the first ingredient
powdered sugar you're right yeah all
right so we're leaving target right now
and I forgot to say while we were in the
store but don't worry Bridget I will now
know when we first got into target
Bridget um we were right by the freaking
buggy return now yeah we were right by
it
I got a bumpy buggy and I was like you
know what uh Bridget let's switch this
out she walks up to a lady who is like
right beside her buggy like this and she
takes the bag right from job purchase oh
that's ride her thought process would be
Oh she'll never know
so she if she does no she won't say
anything well the lady turned right man
that's my buggy okay and Bridget oh my
god Bridget ain't no bitch is this what
Bridget she goes Reiko totally
humiliated yourself that's not true yeah
it's true no it is it okay well at least
it's not as bad as you were trying to be
funny and then two people were staring
at you like what is wrong with this so I
made a goofy face I was like singing a
song I was like a wee all right talking
tonight and I look and there's somebody
of the bud of the aisle across just
staring at me at least I didn't take a
buggy from a woman with her child
okay you know what it was her child
they're not yes but the buggy was empty
so fairy you could wear the front of the
store but game bear gave me to steal it
but then why don't you take it why don't
you say fuck you and walk off because
I'm not that mean exactly
so it ain't fair game really fair game
right now we're making some cupcakes
yeah I've got my helper next to me I'm a
help
yep
they're cute oh my gosh I know a little
overboard on the sprinkler thing hey I
used them a little too soon they're
melting okay Bridget made cupcakes this
is a messy motherfucker dude let me tell
you oh my gosh it's probably so good
though I hope I worked so hard can't get
the fucking shit off there we go all
right
Mike put its icing so mean icing fine
questions mayonnaise it I can tell
wait there's fucking mayonnaise in it so
you don't like it Oh God
what no there's not mayonnaise in that
bridge those fucking mayonnaise I can
taste it nothing
ha ha ha what about what about this one
oh you think I'm fucking stupid wine I
did not put mayonnaise in it we're in
your mom's life in hell
soon as I yeah okay good okay what yeah
let's get a good laugh well slap
disgusting it he's all over you stop man
is a mustard right - yeah
you okay
Oh fuckin bitch hey got to get you back
oh so you cheated up you know you and
water you embarrassed me yesterday I had
to get you back yes because I owed oh
yeah it's all are you fuck man all the
shit monster I can handle man are you
okay no fuck fuck no I'm sorry I had to
there's a war guys are you okay
no do you want litter huh I'll trust
shit from y'all good Island water oh oh
I'm a smell that at least I was hoping
you wouldn't that's why I like puts so
much foot cream on it that's why I'm so
running fuck warm mayonnaise
oh don't fucking start with that shit
why Manning also my shirt there's few
things did you smell like Manning is my
gosh Mel it oh god I'm sorry
was it funny it was very funny you guys
I had a great feeling inside what did
you a you laughs yeah you're right
get out of my face are you okay no I'm
fucked maybe not yeah do you want a real
cupcake now No
oh honey without you no cupcake tonight
I'm sorry I'm gonna get out of here
thanks for watching you babies man is on
your face the whole I'm gonna get out of
here my face is like breaking out or
something dude I'm gonna get out of here
thanks for watching good now touch me
dude I saw that on Kim's blog I gave her
the idea Michael fuck I'm gonna get out
of here thanks for watching you guys you
got me dude I'm not pranking you bad if
I just got it in me thanks for watching
you guys Michael if it was like not even
a big deal like if it wasn't I ate a
fuck it was filled with man it was
fucking filled I'm gonna get out of here
thanks for watching you guys like just
end it out like subscribe favorite fun
everything but you wanna do it I'm thick
that's it get over yourself
yeah oh you fucking you my face is
breaking out I just ate mayonnaise I'm
disgusted I puked in the toilet and
you're dumb yeah fuck
well this is a little bow machine for
anybody made it past the cutscene what
we'll just filming something real quick
click like if you made it this far
mad at me you know why oh sorry I'm
really sorry it was an accident here
here give me please Bridget fuck
I fucked up in time No
