what's going on you guys Kibby on a
camera here
Bridget west not here and today it I
turned away oh okay I felt a little bad
it is an act look at this boy hey Musti
yeah right there I just want to test it
out and I was right today is Thursday
and today I'm gonna do a little bit of
reenacting for Bridget's monopoly
freaked out we had a go yet
yes I am I know you're not it's not that
bad it's bad so embarrassing like I wish
I never acted that way yeah but you what
about yesterday with freaking that was
embarrassing - why did you upload have
you ever seen yesterday City the only
freak in the relationship I'm not a
freak if ya missing the vlog uploaded
yesterday which you probably haven't
because you too is broken they're not
sending things to people sub boxes I
haven't pause it right now because
you're gonna want to see this now
Bridget played uno and completely melt
it down
it was here's a little Club no oh no
come on you know you have anything
hahaha
let me go ahead just say out oh yeah
that's what happened yesterday pause it
right now go watch that first hey
welcome back man what'd you think
Oh sounds great what'd you think about
that guys you punched my fist
oh really do it do it I'm all talk I'm
so anyway today's Thursday I got my
throwback little reenactment to do yes
it has I don't know well why do you
smell like this I don't know he'll smell
this no not the shirt
do I smell like piss I kind of think you
smell like piss right now maybe it's you
miss you nobody forget I love you made
fun up let's get this vlogs no get off
of me let's get that box sorry
I don't smell like piss but you've heard
fucking below let's give the doors a
story what dude what why are you filming
all of a sudden I don't smell like piss
I think um okay so basically you know
how whenever you pee it like goes
everywhere so why I think cuz those are
from the half bath I think you pissed on
your own shorts I did not I really think
that no it was right by the toilet and I
don't know why your that's just really
gross in itself but I didn't piss on my
pretty short you know they don't smell
like piss it was a lot of like yeah yeah
he got him there's piss on the shores no
come on gene at least it's not your day
first let's not record this what diaper
boy diaper
I don't wear fucking diapers you make
people think it under the boxers baby
I don't wear fucking diapers enough so
right now I wanted to do a little bit of
recreation a little reenactment
when me and Bridget are playing Monopoly
now I had to go out and buy a new board
because she destroyed the last one we it
was it was monopoly Empire which works
differently to Monopoly I can't remember
how to play anymore it's been so long
because we haven't played it since she
destroyed the board but uh I really
embarrassed it's a quicker monopoly
using real brands and I was kicking her
fucking ass dude it was we played three
times in a row I beat her it's a quicker
version of Monopoly I beat her every
time and finally we get to the last K
now this point Bridget's already
screamed she's already left she's
already broken up with me she's already
into a car and driven off and coming
back home crying one more time like
that's already ridiculous so don't tell
them everything I'm going I'm not
talking to her I'm going to the end of
the game okay so she lands on Samsung
which is kind of like Park Place and she
already owes me a tremendous amount of
money Here I am loaded with all the
bridges money I've got it all all she
has left is a few hundred on her side
okay it's her turn and I got you to do
this I get snake eyes look fucking let's
just pretend it with snake eyes
she drew snake eyes one two I had
freaking Park Place I had boardwalk I
had the works hotels everything and this
is what Bridget does you you recording
this
oh boy I see $200 oh I just need $200
pesco snake eyes even though that's not
that gushy just Nick I've never played
without me you again you got a chick I'm
holding her arm fuck this whole became
like this
hold my arms yeah she's gonna hit me
guys no she's gonna attack me Oh Oh
comin awfully I'm holding arms what is
wrong with you
stop if that Tribune all is true it's
true
so anyway your dad's done way worse
okay you're right wayward right now you
remember a kitchen a few months ago I
mean I get but that doesn't change what
you did and you've done way worse shit
too
okay go ahead and take it away from
yourself
so she said she rips the board she
throws the money I think once you
flushed money did you did you flush
money yeah she only took a handful of
money and flushed it as if that's gonna
do shit
what did washing it do I think all those
clogged the toilet guys so anyway she
freaked out she melt it down she
screamed at me she tried to fight we
broke up I went upstairs I like dude I'm
leaving I went upstairs to her packing
bags I was like fuck this shit up the
bridge comes in just play one more time
bitch you destroyed the bar we can't
play one more time you not almost break
up with me either I wouldn't have really
what else be really laughing I was
laughing my ass open at the same time
like god damn she's crazy so we're gonna
go to Dad's house I'm not crazy
this is crazy now we're just talking
about it so anyway she freaked out
that's what happened we played Monopoly
she landed on boardwalk or coca-cola cuz
they used real brands she landed on
coca-cola had to pay me everything she
had freaked out because I beat her like
the sixth time you just suck at games
dude you suck you cheat all the time I
don't cheat on my chili yeah you totally
are a cheat at fuckin monopoly I don't
know you just dead anyway that's the
story we're just monopoly meltdown oh
yeah by the way when Bridget really did
her drink Shane more than boy don't I
camera off
gosh how dare you sir tell everybody
that you freaked out in monopoly I wish
I filmed it so anyway that's the story I
want to check
even believe you said that what the
story yes
dude I'm Barris people gonna think I'm
crazy like you and your dad no like you
in my dad like no reason you are so
crazy oh my gosh you have no stories of
you free the toys you wear diaper
I don't wear diapers I play with toys I
having a big imagination how's it any
crazy and you freak out and I was
playing which always any definite
playing The Witcher well are you really
Garrett of Riviera reveai you me oh yeah
are you really going over it yeah are
you yes no you're not right yes it's a
way to expand your imagination that's
why I play with toys I expand my magic
okay enough of that you still break
stuff you freak out you're crazy like me
like your dad I'm not gonna be the only
one I'm gonna get another freaking
Monopoly boy and we're gonna play No oh
yeah okay you know what I'm just I'm
gonna beat your ass though you mean
literally after I beat you no I'm not
going to beat your ass literally
physically everybody I'm just gonna beat
your ass to the game click like if you
want me to get another Monopoly board
we'll play with Grandpa cuz I don't know
how he'd react doesn't even know how to
play probably not
I don't know if you guys could tell and
you pricey it right now during the story
the lighting was off and the lighting is
usually off every time we come into this
kitchen that's because of this bad way
right here this thing flickers the
lighting it screws everything up it
flashes so if the coloring looks off
it's because of that so today we're
going to be looking at our hot pockets -
finally we didn't get the yesterday
because you locked me in the in the
garage now listen if you've made one
movement then you will be locked in here
you don't scare me
just don't move let's just shut up let's
show the hot pocket please okay so we've
been given camera no no right now my
camera no you're not about it man yeah
hmm hey no no no no no nice try though
oh you're gonna be very wet because her
toe burger
let them thaw out I don't care Michael
I'm gonna let them talk oh god I'm gonna
go in the garage you're gonna shut it
all they know it oh it is shit
really did you shut it no pretty sure No
so you just go let me die
I got you good that's going to be it for
today guys thanks for watching you
bastard why I can't believe you did that
I wish I could ever had a camera show
your face
ah like such a crime oh my God we're
gonna be looking camera you are fuckin
crying everybody look at this over oh no
no it's not it is crying over uno it's
where your I was like Fornell
it's what Oh
