what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here vigil STR why are you so
optimistic and happy right now because
I'm not letting anybody run my life I've
run my life oh she's so peppy and happy
now we'll see guys today a Sunday
meanwhile you're so Spinelli I know babe
this is a brand new gear brand new gear
brand new feelings yeah it's already
starting off with this guys today is
Sunday and if you didn't see the vlog we
uploaded yesterday we got into it with
Tina and if you don't remember Tina she
was dad's loudmouth if you don't know if
you don't remember Tina she's bad if you
don't remember Tina she was dad's
delightful neighbor she will get
offended over that because she ain't
delightful no book if you don't remember
Tina she was dad's neighbor and horrible
neighbors she she was on a horrible
neighbor okay
she was a bad neighbor okay look if you
don't remember Tina she was in our
videos we took her to court okay but
she's mad okay and I'm mad because I
tried to go to Dad's house and she
started a bunch of stuff now guys I just
want to say from here on out after this
walk we're done talking about Tina
because I'm gonna can we please we're
gonna have to address it today we're
gonna talk about it a little bit but we
have to stop going for it because I made
a promise last year that I would not
talk about teen anymore you know she
started a lot of drama she made up a
bunch of lies about us let us take her
to the core so let me finish my
statement okay okay just me finish okay
a lot of stuff happened and she was
trying to get us to react that I never
did and this time stupidly I reacted and
so I have to address it but after this
she won't get my reaction anymore now
what were you gonna say I was gonna
I don't know what the freak happened I
don't either okay I don't know what
happened what happened okay there she
went to the hospital she came to the
service and then we suddenly go to
grandpa's old backyard said we were like
trying to like dig something up she's
crazy she's unhinged hey what's wrong
you watched your video didn't you what
Michael I told you not to watch her
videos her stupid poorly edited videos
my good D I'm not thinking about Gina
right now I'm just sitting here in the
front you watch her videos what video
what are you talking about she made a
video of talking crap out eyes what did
she say is that a threat sister it's not
a threat well such a dork okay okay
whose cupcake what is she what is she
doing what is she talking about dude
she's like predictive tags no but she
lost the last hour now why would she
want another war stop we can't dude that
wasn't a war okay little bit what is not
in this record so Tina
you think it's cool to come to my house
unannounced you think that's slick got a
couple of friends watching you too that
is so true dude I'm not scared of her I
hate that you're scared of her it's
Turkey Michael oh you better not be
scared of her know what else we got
that's right Tina see that big girl
uh-huh
camera stop laughing I look serious it's
not funny dude well I'm not scared of
her yeah do you know how many times she
wishes no no do you know how many times
see do you know how many times she used
to ride by at night you know what I
don't like and she never did anything
let me talk but once you know what I
don't like why I don't like the idea of
me sleeping on my bed sound having
dreams of us sugar plums and kina
scurrying about in my yard I don't like
that thought so watching you oh I'm
watching laughing at me stop it no I'm
not scared of her and you shouldn't be
either who's scared of Tina I know what
she's capable of and it's she doesn't
the balls to come up on our property
though yeah remember at one time she did
right apparently I've got a refresh her
memory about what happens when you go to
war with Tina okay
well Harry you don't remember so let me
refill your memory just a little bit
last year
beautiful day walk outside cup of coffee
in hand and eggs all over the damn house
we got a high yeah she's crazy I had to
pay your dad to pressure wash our house
pressure wash our barn trying to scrub
eggs off of the car right but the time
after that I like 5:00 in the morning do
you remember that yeah but we already
had a restraining order at that point
she didn't wanna go to jail right but
she parked by the barn Michael and we
scared her yes dad okay so what now
there's no restraining order right but
she hasn't come back safe you know that
well I would know that I stay up pretty
late there's parts in that video she was
talking about don't drive too fast what
does that mean I I'm gonna check my
brakes that's what I'm talking about
she's gonna do nothing Michael soon two
balls I think she does she doesn't I
don't want to put this on floor
because people do you know well so
you're acting like you're afraid of Tina
I'm not it
she has no balls I told you Michael her
bark is is very very proud okay
I'm gonna rely on you to protect me
what's funny about that what's funny
about that I need protection I need you
to protect me you're laughing at me okay
I give I could do that okay Tina has a
very loud bark but a very tiny bite oh
yeah how do you know that I know that
how
cuz I've known her since I was 10 all
she does is this Michael we need to
apologize
she does just apologize I go she's like
a 50 year old woman throwing eggs at the
house okay can we just apologize for
what it'll make it better she thinks she
needs an apology let's just give it to
her and she leaves us alone can we just
apologize yeah yeah if she leaves us
alone
no I'm saying no I'm gonna do this all
right way listen Tina if you're watching
this my god you're gonna let me oh go
ahead I'm sorry okay I'm not just undid
everything that I say she just I did it
how you doing with girl they're all off
in la-la land they don't know what's
going on hey
Oh guys I just I don't want to uh all
you know I don't want to blow anything
out of proportion you know maybe I am
you know maybe I should have be acting
so afraid but it's just I don't like
getting in drama okay I don't like it I
don't like when that's happening to my
channel
you know when Charles flipped out I
didn't like it when we get into war with
Tina last time I didn't like it when
every time somebody's I just you know I
stay out of it now when there's trolls
making videos about us and they're like
oh guess what breaking news that stuff I
don't care about but when it's like a
family friend then it's like what's
going on you know why couldn't you come
to me man that's what it comes down to
and I don't like this either I don't
know why she had to start trouble I
don't know why she had to have a problem
with us being there but Tina if we like
invaded your personal space I apologize
I'm sorry if like any of it was like
exasperated by like Bridget I'm sorry
okay I'd you know just chill okay I
thought everything was going good we
talked at the funeral you know I invited
you to the hospital to see Dad I thought
everything was okay and it apparently is
not you still harbor resentment for
stuff that we never did but you know
what we're gonna talk about that you
guys everybody clicked like yesterday
you want to hear the story about what
exactly happened with Tina so that's
what's gonna happen Wednesday I'm going
to be uploading that video telling
exactly what happened because things got
stupid for a lot of stupid reasons and
maybe the healing process can begin with
that because after I make the video
saying what happened we're gonna
confront team Anna what a dude I don't
was what real the video Bettina would be
real - yeah
was it real our show obviously it was
real Jennifer we ask you a question
did you really shave off your head yeah
did dad really smash plates on the
ground for sweet potato pie yeah okay so
why is the Tina video fake dude we go to
Dad's house this map we go to Dad's
house now we drive by her and what I
heard her yell I was she yelling at us
yeah she was like saying something okay
then we gotta see dad's house let's just
ignore let's film dad's house let's get
out of here there's some kid and dad's
old yard and he's taking pictures of
this thing out of he's like reporting to
Tina like he disappeared I never saw the
kid again yeah where was it you know no
pull her out by her hair this is exactly
what I told Bridget Bridget goes over
the house barrels if you really shown
Tina no let's go Tina oh there you go
cops that's exactly what you needed what
Michaels you can't do that to us and you
can't do that because your dad's on
he'll talk to start crack yeah we were
just like minding our own business she
was acting like we were her business
they were not it's freaking memory going
to memory dad that's what the mall is
something buried there or something yeah
you know anything about peanuts peanuts
what does that mean she said the same
thing with dad buried peanuts dad
planted peanuts seriously yes 400 goes
off she's freaking unhinged and crazy
yeah melt then we go here set up over
there go gaga look she's crazy
she'll stop yeah she does stuff Mike she
has a very loud bark but a very small
time bite I guess we're gonna worry
about her bikinis Hara know or mind
because she ain't gonna do that
dude could y'all just like stop for five
minutes and think about the
ramifications of what you're saying go
time I'm going to fight somebody well it
was pretty messed up
question can you afford charge right now
yeah charge you wanna put it to more
charges
what's funny about that you look at
where I got play do not sit there and
hope and adults get in fights with each
other you don't do this fight stuff do
you how are you sixteen fighting is not
the solution to all your problems
I'm trying to trying to teach everybody
I'm trying to teach you that with years
we're trying to teach Bridget that for
years everybody's mad right now and
that's not the solution
it was solution remember when I kicked
her ass it was freaking I was his
solution then nobody's fighting Tina
we're mad about it if she comes up stop
she's not gonna she's afraid to come up
and if she does we got her friend
Lucille I told you hurt her bite is very
small can we stop now they go over there
I won't follow you go over there but
when you call me and you're like I'm in
the hospital because Tina stopped a
mudhole than me Hospital built up in me
right now rage what all this crap going
on I've got a lot of rage built up in me
right now Jennifer don't wanna mess with
me last time you had rage you cut your
own hair off so maybe you should calm
down
Tina you see this stop talking about
okay obviously we can't go to our house
because that really is bad but if she
comes here absolutely if she shows up we
will have you on speed dial and you will
be here instantly block her in she can't
make okay that's premeditated
okay we're dropping this right now seems
over Tina this is what you running your
mouth about us is doing and I need to
ask you to stop okay we went all this
time without talking about you and yeah
we had a run-in but that's the end of it
please stop running your
about us because I'm getting tired of
people sending me the links that you do
and you look good you can't sleep safe
at night Uncle Mike I'm getting tired of
people blaming me and you're blaming me
- I didn't blame you you are blaming it
she started it
yes she absolutely started it and we're
supposed to take the higher ground and
Jessica I'm not going to apologize for
defending I don't want you to apologize
did I ask you - no did I ask Jennifer to
apologize for being angry no or having
rage as she put it like oh you just feel
really angry at me I'm angry at the
world because I want this to happen
I'm tired I didn't you realize ever
since the first time had matina we went
out of drama ever since yeah no no we
had there was Charlie there's always
Michael it's gonna be all right she's
not gonna do anything
and I won't either I definitely won't
you know and you just drop it right here
this is the last time we talk about her
I know agreed
you read WWJD what does that mean
don't give me that girl won't really go
to her house you would J oh we're going
to be inside we're going to crack side
let's go right now
if y'all also add bad let's get in the
car let's go to Creekside now let's do
it we're not doing the grandfather dude
we're doing what we would do
you
