what's going on you guys keep me on a
camera here vigil ste are right there
and today that is my line my god shut up
it's mine I stole it and today is
Wednesday and today I gotta clean the
house cuz Michael destroyed it on his
own
excuse me I destroyed it making a
chicken and dumplings and we haven't
cleaned it together yet no I can't
you never help me don't even try though
today I'm gonna not help for one for one
look today's Wednesday I don't need your
help I can clean off of myself I just
said this pertains to nothing can I just
do an intro yes yes what's going on you
guys keep behind a camera here yeah
today is Wednesday no you have to stop
taking it from me today is Wednesday
today bridge and I go play some uno
together and clean I want to show you
guys how bad Bridget isn't uno she will
freak out I'm a knob she will freak out
nylon she'll probably cry nylon push her
a little baby bitch every time we play
uno it never fails I always win
she just sucks I got a like I'm some
freakin uno master that you suck I bet
not I do no sweetie I'd be her uno every
time and the game will end that with her
ripping the cards come on one time you
do a deck of cards in the fireplace haha
didn't happen at the apartment wood
plate you know she's burned the deck of
car plant uno today you were diapers why
would you lie like a jet because just
because you're embarrassed yes they wear
diapers you're a real piece of work I do
not wear diapers fuck this let's get
this wednesday started I'm tired no no
you're on the intro in a style great you
know my foot maybe you shouldn't break
glass that wasn't for me it was for
months and months and months ago that
hurt me are you okay yes what if that
should happen again
ah come on prank what if what happens
again when you were a child and stuff oh
don't I don't want joke around with that
one dude tomorrow
throwback story about me and Bridget
played Monopoly me please so I didn't
that mean shit yeah whoa I got two hot
pocket holy moly
four cheese hot pockets a good bathroom
in the wall hang on in right through the
wall I have to go pee Oh God
okay I'll open it
alright it's open Mike I gotta tell you
something
I saw a rat in the garage I don't know I
didn't kill it so it's still in there
okay I didn't locked it hey babe why
it's locked
yeah it is you do to me why can I do it
to you
no she don't
right now we're playing uno and don't
look at my car I can't see okay I have a
bunch more cards than Bridget one okay
green maybe that's my turn
grab your four already okay yeah skip
skip draw - draw - reverse uno limit and
oh I forgot a sight
Aldo Oh God how would ease this make
let's play again
oh god bu like turning it play again I
be like twenty five times already eating
you this time reverse yeah whatever
God bridgid now a red reverse a red skip
a Blueskin dammit and uno draw for hot
you're cheating Wow Michael how do I
have this many cards because you suck at
this game
I'm a chef on where's a guitar - playing
this game now no your turn so here are
my cards this time what do you have hey
I'm not looking Michael you just saw my
cards you are a cheetah how was Oh God
you're pathetic is it my turn yes okay
I'm put my cards right here cuz I can't
hold the camera and you at the same time
I won't what cuz I don't cheat like that
shut up
go ahead I'll put down to reverse back
to me oh fuck
she might have my number this time you
folks ha ha ha
alright um blue skip come on skip five
and that leaves me with these what is
that um a 9 I think it's a 6 that is a 9
6 9 per search feeding there's no 6 hey
there's a line four 6s this is a nine
fuck man not cheating anymore I cut on
I've been cheated owes go pump didn't
past 400 Shh back to read hey it was my
turn it was not it was reversed back to
me excuse me you had no more okay fine
fine draw you fuck don't call me that
damn it now then go go ahead put your
wild down okay read draw to God oh no
come on you know you have anything
ha ha ha ha let me go I'd just say Auto
it's a game
oh my God look at me look at the camera
you are fucking crying everybody look at
this over uno what no it's not is crying
over uno it's sweat so when you're
always life in hell it's why Oh
laughing okay are you embarrassed yes
yeah look what you did
and we shouldn't burn this bag well we
don't have a frickin fireplace oh my god
thought you were freaking done being a
bitch I'm not being a bitch okay Bridget
we're gonna get the thumbnail Bridget
has agreed for an embarrassing thumbnail
because she freaked out it you know so
look at the camera mad
that's your angry face so I'm gonna drop
cards on Bridget's head oh okay that
didn't work as well as I thought let me
grab that was stupid
hold on it'll feel bad it'll be funny
okay
God Bridget I skip I want to have cards
falling around you we ready for this
camera look at the camera don't be shy a
freaking uno card and two hours ago you
locked me in here I love the freezer oh
my gosh my heart pockets are thawing out
so close it that's why I came in here
I'm pissed at you for being so such a
sore loser I can't believe you were
crying because you kept
it's a one blog Bridgette I just can't
even believe it
yeah that was me but she's not crying
yes you were
no I wasn't dude you're literally crying
no I wasn't I was just mad give me this
hey I don't need this whatever I was
this shit well that's gonna be a for
today you guys thanks for watching
Bridget did not have a very good day
playing whoo no you know what I think
you do it on purpose what do I do
aren't you chilly you're definitely
cheating first how do I cheated ooh no
let me know how for sure I don't know I
get lucky by choosing all the wilds and
I got lucky with choosing a bunch of
greens it was good I got like one wild
and I don't appreciate how you deal the
cards you deal one you're dealing you
know what you doing we can do something
I honestly I'm just better I do know
that you it's a game of luck well you
know what I want to play Yahtzee I Beach
with that - no I mean I actually want to
play Yahtzee and monopoly without
freaking out I want to play uh Texas
Hold'em oh my god you still need to
teach me oh my god I'm totally I'm so
sorry bunny ways he needs to Timmy that
man let's talk about let's go back to a
part of my favorite part of the vlog of
Bridget when we were in the when we were
in the garage and she sounded like a
robot look at this what I didn't so are
you a robot why what boy they just saw
it on the screen it's taking away
believability that you know what I'm
talking about I don't know it's what I
said did you get hot pot kazigo I didn't
you sound like a fucking robot it was
hear it again I
didn't robot girl right they go I've you
reconsider
I'm not anyway I'm gonna get out of here
thanks for watching like subscribe
favorite fall on everything for two eyes
and one more time this is bridges
reaction to losing to me and oh no and
that's it I really want to learn how to
play poker so I can kick your ass
this is the end of the vlog it's not
necessary goodbye everybody like guys
you got themself
guys ready for lastly this is one of
them there's some nasty witch force the
best but this is my favorite
cheeseburger and a can you stake out
forever pretty good y'all be shake it oh
god it's hard burger in this cash we are
