what's going on you guys get me on a
camera here Bridget west not here liar
he just lied to you guys for Joe as CEO
right there and today is Friday
what oh sorry it's not Friday what day
is it not for real now I thought it's
Tuesday what's going on man
my head is wor give me your phone see
well everything just - so Tuesday
Tuesday oh my god what do you think I
thought it was Thursday for some reason
well I thought it was Thursday all day
made a joke that it was Friday cuz I
mean cuz we fucked okay I on with you
seriously really I thought we're gonna
go see the jungle book tonight dude no
it's Tuesday Jesus today is Tuesday and
today I don't know what's going on cuz I
thought today was Thursday so today
excuse honestly thought was because we
were looking at the damn times for
Jungle Book yesterday and I oh my gosh
this is so funny damn my head is totally
screwed up dude Jesus today's Tuesday
grandpa's on his way over because we're
gonna show him you guys click like you
want to see it we're gonna show grandpa
one of the things he's gonna be
consuming and his tin can chow oh my
gosh you're so excited that's just one
of them we got a lot of funky shit noon
dog food peaches horrifying video this
is gonna be the best tin can challenge
prank you'll ever seen hopefully I don't
know I could be over hype again am i
jack pot like that anyway
today's Tuesday grandpa's on his way
over let's get this Tuesday started
nothing stops I don't know what else is
what's goin on nothin style all right
dad you remember how I asked you I
called dad over here specifically for
this you know how everyone wants you to
try the tin can
yeah I mean Eve you know likes how you
gotta do it hey all right thank you all
he'll wake up you do with the tin cans
now fuck lot of summer check in like a
thirty thousand was you do the tip Tia
challenge now I told everybody yesterday
my vlog to click like if they wanted me
to show you one of the cans that's going
to be in the tin can challenge and I
also told them to click like if they
want you to try it early you guys what
oh they haven't seen yet themselves you
guys ready for this and late guys
this is one of them there's some nastier
ones there's worse than this but this is
my favorite cheeseburger and a can what
I'm staking out forever pretty good
y'all for you shake it oh god it's hard
burger in this can can we all in
no no no no let's wait look at man what
happens if your be well that's gonna be
one of your cans in the tin cans out
it's really good hydros now that looks
good look there did it fight up they put
it on the bun there's like a special
sauce on it
hey you're excited for it I'm excited
for you
I can't wait oh my god he has no idea so
this right here is a can and inside this
can is the premium cheeseburger
oh my god I bet good he's got the right
name burger yeah maybe maybe you could
have a burger right if you guys want
grandpa to try the Steakhouse burger
I'm ready like like maybe I'm not now
you're going dude yeah no it's really
good you'll love it
oh yeah hey you might actually like it
to be added me it's him oh I hated me
yeah right so click like and grandpa's
gonna be trying some cheeseburger and a
can before the tin can challenge just
because I want to guarantee eats it
butter they call me grandpa because
apparently badass isn't a job title my
younger to be the best teachers in the
world okay yeah what's up with this yeah
you are suspended oh my god you see each
other watch me to face ah
y'all like these things I like spinners
I wear them all down now
I passed or Allah you found a suspender
store yeah they got number suspenders
hey
I got some of cars on I got some of the
American flag oh my god good and more
more more dude
well better than a pail cheeseburger in
a can
I'm ready and done like I said there's
worse than this that y'all could like on
I'm ready okay oh there's gonna be great
you he has no idea what he's getting
himself into
can I go down get out of my house oh you
throw me out boy Kenya knows I want to
talk we were talking about I don't know
over here so what do you think you want
try one I don't know let me tell you
they don't for pre-warning they don't
look as good on the inside as they do on
the can okay end up good I like that we
look on the kid I used to buy two or
three of them well it's gonna be like a
potted meat kind of thing what I like
potted meat well you might like who you
might like it dude I can't wait try
yours right I am I mean wow we're gonna
do that before the Tim can challenge
angular parts rise burger and a can
can't wait
oh man goodness well hey it's got the
right word burger
if the burger can't be bad oh it hey oh
you know imma let to think that Kevin I
that damn pink ass bun from Burger King
you didn't like that I don't like the
pink bun it's - I don't think you had a
flavor did it Bridget I don't think it
did they didn't have the flavor I
thought it was really good it's just the
color what's the problem okay right now
I'm trying to make
grandpa's chicken and dumpling so right
now I have chicken broth chicken and a
couple of chicken bouillon cubes I'm
going to boil all that together boil the
chicken shred it and then we'll move on
to the next right now folding a pot with
chicken broth a couple of chicken
bouillon cubes and some chicken okay
right here I have cut up some biscuits
to make dumplings with in this bowl I've
added a little bit of pancake mix with
the juice from the pot the broth and
everything and in the pot I have added
the chicken I've added uh carrots and
sweet peas and that's where we are right
now next up this so I'm just pouring
this right in there we're going to whisk
it around it's going to help thicken it
and give it flavor now we add heavy
whipping cream oh yes the next step is
you can see I've already started it
you're taking those little pieces of cut
biscuit you just drop it in this big pot
of chicken and juice and all that and
that's it man
we're going to stir this up where's my
spoon there you are we're gonna start
stirring this up and letting them cook
together okay so right here we got a big
plate of rice and let's go ahead and
ladle some of this chicken and dumplings
over that oh it's all fogged up here we
go hello Bridget
where's the links to blow shut up so
here we go chicken YUM don't first time
ever made it Michael it's better than
grandpa no it isn't it's better than
ground I'm covering this well that's
gonna be it for today you guys thanks
for watching a little shorter vlog but
we hung out with grandpa made some
chicken and dumpling usually come over
and forever that was a surprise I know
we sort of just sat basically missed us
for sure Irish bacon
I was a squeaking so he obviously missed
us for sure now I'm speaking we just got
a chill I turned off the camera we
talked hung out dad never comes over
here so it was an interesting it was a
cool little visit and I got him to
commit to try the cheeseburger and a can
I know he's excited for it and he should
it be because thank you are sort of
convincing that maybe it's good I wasn't
trying to be convincing I just think you
just accepted it as good so this is what
dad's expecting from a cheeseburger and
a can
and this is what he's getting from a
cheeseburger and a can oh my god you see
dad seems to think he's getting some
sort of gourmet burger and maybe because
it says gourmet burger on the can he may
believe haha
but dad this burger was gonna be fucking
disgusting okay dude if he likes it if
he likes it die tab yeah I'm like that's
it
anyway that's gonna be a free day you
guys thanks for watching grandpa I feel
sorry for you eating actions burger in a
can me too oh my gosh but I'm so excited
tomorrow I'm going over to grandpa's
house we're gonna shoot a little pool he
invited me over I'm gonna whip his ass
I've been practicing I did a little
privacy Adelle if not much anyway I'm
gonna get at it I'm gonna cheat so I'm
gonna get it thanks for watching you
guys
like subscribe favorite
well not everything for to us about to
know it isn't love the eyes that's it
what is it wait
Oh wonderful
I got you
