what's going on you guys get behind a
camera here vigil STR right there
and today is Tuesday it's Monday today
is Monday and today you got none why
don't you jump into this intro if you
had nothing to say today is Monday and
today we got nothing going on okay wait
okay I got it
wait and today we got nothing going on
you have tainted my intros to the point
where I don't want to do them anymore
with a little stupid push I'm
embarrassed oh fuck
all right don't talk about my pushes
today is Monday oh no no go go near me
scared if you haven't seen the video yet
I put up yesterday angry grandpa tries
the angriest whopper stop this check it
out
let's pause I'm gonna sit here and do
stuff while you pause so just what are
you doing well I was paying attention to
me I want to do stuff while they pause
so that means no talking over here and
we pause now I'm actually shhh I'm
talking and donate no no no there's no
pause weird if you're annoying let's go
I hate you okay I hate you too pause
you're probably the worst fuckup the
pausing dish fuck up shut the fuck up
Paul okay stop this I want them to pause
here don't want to watch this cuz you
know why don't they just watch it after
the vlog pause hey welcome back I hope
you loved that video if you didn't pause
though what's going through that again
hey welcome back I hope you liked the
video grandpa tries the Burger King
angriest whopper you guys wanted to see
it guys click like yesterday because you
want to see the tin can challenge we're
doing that and my guys I'm so excited
what happened there
alpharetta do you see that what what
happened over there all right
are you serious behind you over there oh
I thought miss that oh my gosh you're so
blind well how did you miss that I don't
know
I'm serious hey can we at least address
what happened in look I'm like
is a camera caption that yeah 56 Wow
I wanted to clear up my sinuses oh my
gosh you should do that
I am better maybe I have hot onions so I
accidentally mods present sorry it was
an accident I didn't know you were in
there when I locked it I can't open it
right now I thought I saw snake so I saw
the door was unlocked
so I've locked it I guess Bridget was in
the garage huh
it's open
Bridget it's open there oh okay I see I
see
all right you got it you got it now
you're freaking bail out don't worry you
guys mom will be in soon there
I'm getting it I can't tell if it's open
or not all right there's a walk it's
unlocked
oh I got you I got you so good prank
backfire bitch oh damn that's a nice how
long were you not saving there anymore
like two minutes oh my god oh my gosh oh
my gosh I was so epic no I was fucking
not dude you need to put that shit the
fuck up holy shit oh my god I'm joy I
was opening the door as you were yelling
oh my gosh
epic I love you baby
so we just got this from one of our
friends she painted this for me I wanted
to show you guys it's amazing this thing
is sick dude I love it someone who's
that it's really really really awesome
now the coolest part is this I just
swapped my own self in the face listen
is this fucking thing goes in a dark
let's get us out in the dark shut the
door no I don't know if it'll show up
okay I see a little bit no I'm the
camera really yeah ash open the camera
at all that sucks oh my gosh it's so
creepy
it's very creepy here just take our word
for it I guess it's act on the light
well take our word for it oh my gosh I
love that me too so right now we are in
our laundry room
and over in this area you can't see it
is a big hint towards our tin can
challenge Bridget's idea gotta get it to
you a smart I know if you guys want to
know what this is because I might have
dad tried this before the tin can
challenge it's totally fucked up it's
very positive it's disgusting and I will
never ever try it click like if you want
us to get dad to try this before the tin
can challenge and we will do it I will
show you guys tomorrow's vlog what it is
click like I want to know your guys
thoughts oh my god it's so gross
it's right over here it's right behind
my hand click like if you guys want to
see it and I'll show you tomorrow oh my
god even if you could tell what it is
through my fingers or something I'll
still show you tomorrow if you click
like this is gonna be awesome nice job
Bridget oh yeah I'm excited he deserves
it and thank you Michael gravel yeah so
we're on our way to McDonald's right now
and you're gonna see what we do bridget
is gonna go through the drive-thru and
picks here is gonna go inside
just because won a win look I want that
million dollar prize I did too
I swear one time I had both Park Place
and boardwalk and I got thrown away she
doesn't believe me but I swear it
happened it's bullshit
they just don't want to believe it how
about that
I don't want to believe it either just
say it never have it never happened
good it's gonna happen tonight though
million dollars at one McDonald's you
going me out don't you all it yeah God
here check the cameras like see me leave
like some Co vote and do these have
monopoly pieces okay what about the
fries only one whatever not okay okay
what about the drinks I'm eating out and
that's the radio hop okay and a set of
large teas can I get the mediums got
some game pieces hell yeah I'm not going
to show you this open up everything
but I will check to right here on camera
got B&O Railroad and Marvin Garland's
like him so we're done playing the
Monopoly game for right now for when I
save right now I mean tonight will
probably go out tomorrow
uh we got all of our pieces we won some
free food and lays gentle I won the
million dollars I didn't win the okay I
didn't win but I won she won the million
dollars she's leaving click like if
you're happy about that she's out she's
not leaving oh no we didn't win the
million omean obviously but I won I won
what I consider just as good a free
buttermilk crispy chicken sandwich so I
want a medium fries and I also want to
make Florrie so let's just go back now
you lost money on us McDonald's you lost
money this time
we got a whole bunch of free shit we
have that I passed out or in
WrestleMania okay guys I'm gonna pretend
about wrong oh my gosh well hi girlies
good see we did like I know my angle
keeps changing
you're the best seen the house I like
basically the right house so taught that
boy God what is he doing there Wow right
did they not see me there I now rude
okay Oh Greg I do what you think folks
yes I'm a loser
geobella Bridget she's like what the
fuck
so good Bella oh my god she sits in that
chair
know once again try to roll out of
harm's way and he does at least out to
the eight we good Bella zoomed in my own
face zoom out good it's a beautiful
thing is I know hmm
why am i boring now can't even do my
outro can he drop this camera or
something I did god I used to fuck up
I'm just kidding
boria bastard
I'm out to do the outro glory dude it's
my best angle
like subscribe that's gonna be it I'll
do the outro glory I know what's going
on dude what the hell I just drop it I'm
gonna get out of here boy I got my phone
cuz hey looking good I'm gonna get out
of here thanks for watching they keep
returning it out you're running this are
you kidding me wrong there you go
thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe favorite I'm an everything
Bridget lion and then unfollow er don't
unfollow me follow me and follow you I
was like a pure disgusted look GZA
okay yeah like subscribe favorite love
you guys and that's it no follow me man
oh it's so overdramatic that was a thank
you
well I am
you are a den of it
care what is going on honey gonna be
there
what peanut you guys see that what
happened mr. mr. Berger pot here I can't
hear too goddamn pot on last night
Kenneth
