what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here no but uh see ya right there
and today I'm just trying to check you
guys but I was really here the whole
time
oh what's going on you guys kid behind
the camera here vigil has to eat right
right here right there you know forget
it
oh yeah yeah going on do know uh today a
Sunday today we're going over to
Grandpa's house
today I'm uploading the Burger King
video if you haven't seen it the link is
below check it out it's at the end of
this video the end intro and today I'm
as grandpa's dogs like why they're so
cute I missed them
you know I had the little ones oh yeah
there's a goo such little babies if you
haven't seen the video yet were angry
grandpa did the Burger King angriest
whopper challenge stop the vlog oh my
god right now what Bell is exercising is
how we're stopping me she never does
that
good god I want to promote the Burger
King video no I can't do an intro with
her anymore no I can't do the intro
anymore that's it it's not my fault
think about it God wait for me
okay you know why god damn bitch you're
following me like an animal I'm gonna
get out of here thanks della this shit
get outside get him up get your goddamn
ass out snap it up how we gonna do this
the right way
right way okay what's going on you guys
can't be any camera here for two eyes to
your right there hey girl
come on in Clyde you want to come in
buddy
nope fellas the only one that hates
doing things
she was definitely working out though
you glad I'm feeling better girl and I'm
happy too I haven't kissed those lips
since you left
oh my god
I'm not better yet so you have what I
felt a lot sicker Joe's life I'm not
joking
yeah I can see I can see in you were the
cold serving you're lying
no I'm look I'll flip it up see it's
right there where it's all here you can
see it don't get it it starts with your
head balding what now why did you want
to talk about you balding what is this
oh my god so everyone thinks I'm going
bald
well you are am I really no you're not
going bald you've always been this way
so one of the first things you pointed
out you're like I I have thin hair so it
looks like I'm gone Bob I don't have
some hair you do is what you said I
don't have thin hair that's why you can
see your scalp because your hair is thin
vision you can see my scalp it's because
it was parted weird you know she's not
going bald everybody nope
I got hair whoa you uh you gotta fix
this
Michael okay Bellus you got to fix that
shit huh just fix that no man son enough
Oh God
when I got it we all enough beverage I
flipped it over well I'd still not
affixing my OCD we okay we do Oh does
that mean explain me why it is freezing
out Oh
it's freezing them because weather has
different temperatures and different
characters we're not going to get
holiday weather again this year no fall
no wind blew we're gonna do about it
cry be miserable holidays hey why are
you at work I love you goddamn said
about myself I liked it you said you
Jason it was awesome
no come on if I could I got a cold when
I can taste it was good
you're lucky you didn't wear it because
I couldn't taste it yeah I lament a lot
tougher goddamn seasoning tasting that
shit
eww Kenny I got a cold dad you want your
dessert what is it I made you a vision
do you snips what the fuck is that
that's disgusting no don't eat that you
call it the dog shit out of the yard or
something no dad hey bike dude take a
bite proven it's real okay day he's
eating dog shit dude is that dog shit
it's not Doctor Who see the punch
dude my gosh dog said his dog shit oh my
god did you collect the dog shit you're
eating it
oh my god grandpa's eating dog poop
that's the title this vlog now grandpa's
eating dog poop I'll absolutely come on
let's get a thumbnail you with the dog
shit oh Christ
hey the dog shit for real what you say
shit look there's a worm in it
I'm gonna action where the tip of it
hahaha what is it charlie it's fucking
dogshit I'm gonna leave hello bubeleh
I don't know I'm good really everyone
forget it how is it not dog she that is
dog shit
this is hamburger meat that's goddamn
Lee Haeri Aki and Warsaw sauce and stuff
and it's got a little bit of pepper not
too much this time
that's dogshit dude is command I am
ideal but I think that one job scout so
it's like he has und dog shit you see my
slim jims it's like a slim jim say a
homemade some Jim but it looks like dogs
not even though trying good no fuck no
refraction Oh
I mean the dehydrator all night like 14
hours a Polish Colorado does the
dehydrator cook up off camera click one
can get out do some flavor out of it I
am give up not juice I'm gonna visit
favors right here like I'll get all 10
different flavor another thing let me
see it'll be a pancake good it sir
they should rest yet occasion the flower
oh and the guard dogs in the block Rosie
mmm yes girl when he took you to Tokyo
people like seeing you with the dog oh
god you shadow me what Oh
duh Thank You scout how won't you blame
at Calais to meet up with me man you
don't forget night you gotta have got
dog food
all right good give it one more taste
your diet oh oh it's a door your own
shit okay it's frickin food okay it
looks like shit though yeah we're like I
don't even know anymore
it's a whole big bag of it Jesus go for
it go for it try it oh shit poison shit
ah damn given items oh it's just thank
you
our God is the first brother
just grab it
what you get here this was good dad
market taste don't you don't I got in a
shit with me dude it was good example I
will yeah Roger Taylor I got contained
up the yin-yang of the Union dude yeah
whoo I knew I wanted to ask you what do
you guys want grandpa to take the 10 can
jam what does fuck that shit what we do
is we get a bunch of cans we rip the
labels off and you draw out of a hat and
you got to choose a can open it eat out
of it it can be anything could we lose
me could be futures hi I'm doing this
you come off if they could like well
things like I got here Georgia
no I do not like are your dogs fighting
the other fighting if you turn them into
angry dogs now well they are click like
if you want gravel to take the tin can
challenge was my dog's fight and there
will be some pre cans and thereby
lowering roaster stuff out of it
what do you want there were prank cans
those will be all kinds of fun stuff in
this click like if you want to see it
yeah I've already got something so that
good it click like and you'll do it I
have to if they like it don't like don't
like like do I like know it shut up
light no light light
no I now you got mad though I take a
look at this version this is the chicken
dumplings dad made oh my god ready
biscuit what the business do you make
those biscuit me daddy
wait Michael please do we make you a
plate yeah you walk off the ground what
I'm giving you this point no I gotta
give it a cross now suit God you look
how cool what happened to you got us not
working so hard oh I kind of totally
move that chair me that's really it all
an act
I think it is what nothing we're all
think you're acting fuck what you think
I'm cool about it would you do that I
think it's an act I think gives my ass
that's all that ain't swollen that looks
like a normal knee cap to me you're
going to take all your things off to
prove your heart
skies yeah yeah slow so you know it I
know I think that looks like a normal
risk to Mellie not bro cause you would
every move what and one evil I know that
reinjure so you're always your fault
booth what it when I who'd are out of
trail would so what do you think well
Lori help my poker I want to learn now
so I can beat your ass in that you
wouldn't beat my Ison poke every time we
play James I would be you're out
should I talk about now but monopoly no
I'm gonna now back Thursday I'm gonna
tell you guys when we played Monopoly
it got ugly Yahoo yeah you just can't
she is a sore loser no she flipped the
board yeah I'll tell you guys about this
anyway poker I don't know how she's
gonna take it I'm gonna teach it up here
Texas Hold'em that's my fave yeah I'm
beat your ass at it anyway
snappin at me like that I don't know
what that was quad so cute you have a
lot of shoes right here does anybody
know have we ever told everybody what we
do when it's monopoly season me don't
tell them please so no we don't like to
order a bunch of food this can be in
tomorrow's vlog we don't like to order a
bunch of food so what we'll do is chill
order in the drive-through and I'll walk
inside McDonald's you guys like I'll
play so totally like hmm and all my to
look much smaller all Greg like a boss
but yeah skill number one and Bell once
okay let me check my tech see with my
dad wanted ah yeah what did you want oh
yeah he wanted to are two other number
ones anyway we go one we need those
monopoly pieces cuz I'm winning that
million right
either that or a bunch of free
sandwiches that I never redeem let's
give it to my mom
well that's gonna be for today you guys
thanks for watching went to Dad's house
hung out here ate dinner with dad dad
cooked this up some chicken and
dumplings dad ate some dog shit
now this grows he did any dogs you if
you couldn't gather what that was he
made some homemade uh turkey slim jims I
guess but it's like it looks like dog
shit so every time he wants us to eat
that shit I'm just it was good it was
very tasty yeah but I felt like I was
eating dog shit yeah so fascinated the
fog grandpa eats dog shit so I don't
know what to make of it any I'm gonna
get it thanks for watching you is so
good though like oh my god it was very
good why didn't I eat more of that
anyway I'm gonna get out of here thanks
for watching you guys if you have not
seen the Burger King video stop this or
we're at the end of it so finish the
video
finish this ball I don't why you
stopping now and
why check it out after this video
there's a shadow over my face I'll go
check it out
grandpa tries the angriest whopper I had
no follow-up I just I gotta follow up I
love you guys all not everything I
fidget west so uselessly subscribe even
help the second finger like Bridget was
aa favorite don't have to you already
think this to Vaughn you don't gotta
finish the burger is obviously angrier
than you oh yeah I love that it's a
pepper that there's peppers all in this
thing congratulations well you don't
pass the challenge till you've eaten the
second one you are so defeated look at
you come on man you don't put goddamn
hot sauce and fucking fun did it taste
like it yeah
you get one eat it no I don't like hot
shit oh you want me to eat it you do
like hot stuff you always show up how
hot you like shit oh that ain't hard
enough for me when I'm done God's name
well I guess we found something that was
too hot for you alright ai-ai-ai-aight
you got me
you does no but I think you all get buff
how about you're embarrassed no no your
name you're embarrassed that you
couldn't beat the challenge we dug up 40
on your lap I've already had it
happening before
yeah you've all done
