what's going on you guys keep me on a
camera here bitch OST yeah right there
and today we go Saturday don't look
they're gonna know okay obviously it's
pretty dark where is I forgot to do an
intro and today we already went to
Grandpa's and he tried angriest whopper
I forgot to do an intro today you guys
uh I was like I did it's alright I
thought I did then I was like you know
what I didn't do an intro so I tried I
was like should I just say it's morning
but look at this how morning is it right
now it's 4:00 in the morning oh my god
doesn't work so forgotten to the intro
we went to Grandpa's house today oh
that's gonna kick it in just a minute
but this is the intro after all that
happened when after we had our day we
went to Grandpa's house today he tried
the angriest whopper I've loved the
angriest whopper he did not so anyway
let's go into that aftermath the
angriest whopper video goes up tomorrow
and that's if I guess I did but I don't
know what else to do for an intro when
are you gonna teach me how to play poker
not today another day okay I'm excited
how many eyes I smelled me are you I
think it's your burning meat I'm over
there badass our cooking dinner folks
will be over there just a minute I don't
think it is the meat I think it stinks
I'm starting to get my smell back and I
don't think you can get away with it
anymore it's not me tink no it's you oh
it was always me no it's you it's not me
oh my gosh I took a shower yesterday oh
sure you did
I'm sweating I am so anyway what's your
last hour though this morning
Oh was it no it wasn't let's get this
Saturday started let's go to dad get
away I want to play a game later I want
to play a game let's get it started
well there you proud of yourself wow
this Hey
yeah you can get a goddamn debt man so
you ready to talk about why you're
actually so angry is the pot shit which
are but I'm going to talk about that
shit done done done deal
so why did you just like not turn off
that pot I didn't mean he says he says
you didn't ask goddamn bird I've got it
ring oh Jesus Christ
damn it
well after a meal you have to up
cigarette is that grandpa law good yeah
I don't you leave what you told me to
leave but I'm not gonna you're right you
got a mess between so did you like the
angry Swampert not too high what would
you expect
I spent a goddamn by the burger outfit
by no goddamn Chelsea these ladies feel
like Charlie Charlie Kelly boom or
always sudden doing Charlie work right
now you need to stop blows
and out neighbor got angry bird Angry
turd what in the NATO am I taking for
because you rep your burger public a
hyena
what cuz you rip your burger part like a
fucking wild animal go ahead and goddamn
tags maku's what I'm gonna Ted Cruz
supporter that about you a Bernie Bernie
Miller
she's frying seatbelts with back home we
are going to start making some dinner
right here I got some meatballs
I'm gonna throw those in the oven in a
minute and right here I got some
hamburger meat with salt pepper and some
fresh garlic and we're gonna Brown this
up you have uh some spaghetti you know I
don't feel good apologize I'm sorry not
sorry
oh yeah going straight up ragu oh yeah
ragu going savory garlic knots hell yeah
going bow ties excited should be good I
think it's gonna be really good I'm
excited to has to be better than that
fricken whopper looked dude I love the
Ingres whopper I think it's so good it
looks horrible and I'd hated it it's so
good though
you should try it the camera was coming
off your face you should try it
ill no way I don't want spicy shit it's
not yes it is
not really it's the angriest whopper of
course it's spicy take the peppers off
getting away from you in this whatever
okay brew
Oh whose garlic but it's I've got the
sauce in there with the meat and I'm
gonna add a little bit of whipping cream
not a bunch not half but enough it's
gonna have like a creamy texture to this
now
all right so now we're taking the meat
balls off the pan putting them in
ourselves well it's not so good yeah I
could smell good you have any better
baby
of course I'm getting better hey boys
we'd be having fuckin go up tonight gods
of you Orville Hey so put tinfoil down
what huh I didn't he probably said oh
yeah well you you all full of ideas now
I like the way my laugh sound I hope I'm
not getting sick you are don't say that
and if I say it again you'll do what
exactly
beat your ass you can't have none of
this Bella it's from our dinner hey you
excited for tomorrow watching up I'll
try the angriest whopper from Burger
King what was that what was that noise
Bell scared me you know well that's
gonna be it for today you guys thanks
for watching it's no wonder you are sick
why it's freezin you're in boxers no
shoes I mean what is going on no wonder
you're sick anyway I'm gonna get out of
here
angry air holes seeing red if you wonder
where the title match couldn't tell is
because I got that red whopper so anger
PO seeing red I like I like the time I
thought of it earlier I was thinking of
the Chevelle song like if you're how it
goes now slow down the threat is real
anyway we get out of here too sick to
sing grandma seeing red
food was good real good it was so good
like worse than you're catching up on
all our shows now we caught up on The
Walking Dead that was amazing
spoiler alert everybody if you haven't
seen it yet who do you think negan
killed come on I need to know who didn t
go and
definitely think it was gone it was
going so anyway that's gonna be it for
today you can use October like you
believe they did this to me
what do by the way uh I spent a while
since I promoted it click the link below
click the link popping up if you want to
get some and go grab my merchandise go
over to the anger grandpa's store again
some new shit soon check it out I was
very firm like check it out now neither
she'll listen to him yeah don't you
ain't shit guys I like subscribe a van
batteries die I've gotta hurry this up
on everything for two hours goes tweet
me the battery's dying
leave me hit a vegan come that's it
batteries time and fortune hey yo
fuck wait for you
poor Laura it's wrong there's nothing
shit is me sucking
