what's going on you guys gibiatti camera
here bridge OST yeah right there and to
go ahead and today yeah is Friday night
about to be Saturday and today I got
nothing i got nothing out today has been
just a busy work load day it has holy
crap I've got a lot of projects I had to
work on today it's one of those things
where I just let everything build up to
now yeah you know up bridges
Oh fill this paperwork out oh wait oh we
gotta do this oh wait wait till I get
out to Wrestlemania oh man I'll wait
till I get better today and I'll fell in
my lap I had to do everything to be
miserable like it started out why hate
being a responsible adult
let me call I hate welcome over this
whole adult thing if anybody's looking
to adopt me send me a tweet me too we go
together we're a package deal yeah like
I don't like adult do so we need to we
require a lot of food no today is Friday
and today it's really late because like
I said I've been adulting all day I've
been filling out paperwork sand just
doing everything Thanks so miserable
like at least we laughed a few times
you're making him more miserable
interrupting he made me laugh at least
it wasn't horrible horrible
no it wasn't horrible it's just so bad
I'm just the optimist of a relationship
I owe my doing things yeah so when I
have to be an adult I don't like it so
anyway that's why we're starting the
vlog off so late very late very late
this whole thing took like what ten
hours do we start it like 1-1 is 1:30
yeah anyway forget it
I don't want do an intro anymore I'm
cold out here I want to get inside like
I don't think it might be a short vlog
my apologies however before we do
anything before we get this vlog started
I told you guys to click like if you
wanted to see grandpa eating some meat
raw meat you click like that's what the
title of the vlog is angry grandpa eats
raw meat in
joy non glory on Bloor I gotta be on
blurry fart put the clip way there we go
Oh what well I always look really good
blurry
oh it's unblurred you gotta stop because
gotta stop what
oh here gonna get a little old me you
can't eat it like this I'm pretty sure
what Bob don't do it no more
guys gonna barbaric dad hang on I'm not
you know so it is a seven stole when
this stuff is still kind of frozen maybe
that's why I'm cutting it so easy
because it's frozen Eve Charles come on
be more stop this you're gonna get sick
here you going that don't you do it
don't I dare I dare you something in the
mail
Oh students fucking all over that shit
dude there's a nasty fuck away from you
poor Laura it's raw
there's wedding shit is me sucking
flying fucking win okay
I got a prank you for that nobody's
robbing me
oh damn I'm good oh come on you if you
Bridget
show me your ball I don't have any oh I
don't have any balls which deer for ten
dollars for all ten dollars eh MN it's
all funny inside goddamn look those
people the inside
but come on dude pretend to close
that are going Oh
now hoping it all four here with your
way from Dubai LA almost bucket it fall
to taste to it
it does not feel like a silvery color
management allocate drill then eat raw
meat I'm gonna room and I mean component
out checkered squirrel food
Oh guys are stuck in helping out
Oh God
you microwaved it have you thought out
tongue this is a bad girl and dangerous
I dad thank God I can't smell it smells
pretty bad like bloody
your we were talk about that why don't
you fuck off man I'll give you chocolate
back look smell annoyed it's got that
smell
$5.00 you got it's got that now did I
protein to me like fucking
I don't even know lost my train of
thought I just want oh so I've not shown
anybody what I've done yet this was all
me oh my god don't even try to take oh
look what I did for just miserable look
what I did buried it this uh yes Bridget
had this waiting for me one night
without off off that catch of issues
you're sitting there no I want to throw
it out it's ugly
you don't so ketchup out because it's
ugly there are people who can't afford
ketchup I'll put it back but it's ugly
as hell Larry got a med course it is I
just got you some apple juice oh yeah
lots of apple juice um lots of apple
juice yep
I never see him do out there he's like
you ain't now either oh my gosh oh my
gosh really Felix I cannot see you
we all miss you so you fuck all you hey
but oh my gosh Bella said no we're
trying to eat a sandwich you can't have
that Bella sorry about that you can't
have it no you can't have it
Oh God I just broke the box you mad you
gonna eat the bill time is dinner time
for Bella that's Bella eating food in
the background and I'm gonna get out of
here thanks for watching you guys you
saw a great it's late I'm sorry if the
vlog short but it's really late we
worked all day but I didn't want to not
put out a vlog for you guys I was gonna
wait till tomorrow but you guys were
waiting bored you wanted it you got a
vlog that was a very odd moment that was
like him and me love you so much I was
in the middle of making fun of myself I
made like a weird smile and it was
embarrassing
anyway I'm gonna get out of here but you
this come on dude it's a pimple shit try
to scare me all the time
I'm gonna get out of here thanks for
watching like subscribe favorite fun on
everything which it was and that's it
hey yeah I love you guys so much I love
you more no I definitely love them more
I love them more no way I do nope that
was not her covering it now yes I want
to take the next five minutes just say
for 20 minutes how much I love you now
I'm more than the ocean what I love you
more than I like eating no this Wow
stepped on it
