what's going on you guys kid behind the
camera here bridge West not here to dead
mouth today today filthy little mother
what's going on you guys you're a filthy
little motherfucker how are you gonna do
that hi you weren't coming and then I
saw you
aha your butt - I see ya right there and
today we're going over to grandpa's and
today is Thursday and today I'm gonna
print grandpa prank him yeah oh we had a
prank cam yeah
it's not gonna be a bad prank we're
gonna prank grandpa today I'm gonna tell
grandpa that or bird just gonna tell
grandpa that pick a boy home yet he's
still in Dallas that's right that's
correct
grandpa gonna get got yeah he's gonna be
got and then a real bad prank is gonna
come what's the bad prank I can't tell
you right now I don't even know you got
it I still can't smell I still can't
taste but my cold is significantly bad I
can and you stink really it smell like
pure shit it is getting you probably do
too
I got your boy lounge around our today
look at this hair not great singer not
greasy anyway this is a waste of time
Bridget smells like fish no okay okay
you smell like strumming why do it was
give us a strong I'm gonna get out of
here thanks for watching you guys let's
get this Thursday started what do you
make it grill it
we're liable Dallas school get us all
the goddamn blogging aid Oh didn't work
oh yeah hey where's this film is dumb
and rectals do not go on trail together
dude go my family loses walk here some
Eminem's
I come on in to do what happen to your
wrist
i hurry hurt it like I hurt my knee is
crush like the bionic man right
out well jacket okay I didn't get hurt
on myself I get hurt yeah you gotta get
you got a good fall out of God Oh Oh God
pardon me for passing out of the Ricky
you were thinking I can't gotta get her
thumbs up did he say that Charlie are
you kidding me right now Michael fell
resume sure damn he's goddamn anyway
drew my apologies and I should have
thought about you before I passed a year
ago
I'm gonna pass out wait a minute dad
would approve it is that what I
should've done
oh my god well you don't worry I know I
don't go worry about being sick alone
you can told me right now no I'm sick
right huh I want to know so when you're
walking on a trail and you bring a
little bag of mixi know I took it which
in when you walk in crazy drop pieces of
it and you find your way back I was in
Hansel and Gretel is that shit I don't
give a hoot look a bit first of all if I
drop this on the ground I'm not gonna
find it in a trail I fuckin black and
it's gonna be covered up by dirty I was
gonna keep that shit yeah
a birds you pooping today did you spit
all over Cabo - fuckers are let me take
charge oh look good memo yet boo boo boo
boo no boo is that a joke as I'd fall
for a joke boo boo I don't I really
don't know
boo there look what where boo here we go
we're gonna fuck his boo I don't know
who's my dude named igloo look at it oh
good god this booze got a bitch you've
got a bitch is like so cute you can't
argue the bitch one no I drink booze
bitch
hi boo and who's a little demon series
little mean ass really fuck you like me
no way he is so cute watch the baby is
big what is all day that's scout scout
is booze bit yeah
they're both walls boo you got a bitch
you got a bow
yeah daddy look at that face no they
love each other
oh I love boo I'll uh go do yellow my
donut my dog taking the Willis are you
doing by my gosh am that's what you get
don't touch my dog
okay calm don't reassure me I'm not I
really won't feel Michael you know
they're adorable really adorable
yeah I couldn't pass them up I love them
how long have you had this although
things got awkward brain she's praying
that she gets out of your are no just
dear God please let me go home with the
other ones here God make me a bird doing
my god damn bells microphone far from
your face thumbnail
Adele why are you shaking boo grandpa
babies ego the big dude Oh core that's
almost threw it around a bit
let's go sit down and see if you crawl
on me I'm taking home with me Dad hey my
dog you don't agree either hum boo go to
my children it's fur baby I'm gonna see
him on the carpet hi question
did anybody else notice I get my trophy
oh I noticed a second ago much I feared
my pocket Linnea Oh Virgin jealous yeah
we'll see how they work on carpet
didn't like you going closet you know
two puppies from a carpet attacker care
boy good thank you
you go that lift up oh you do anything
I'm not your monkey oh my god he loves
papa - sometimes when you want to sit
with me he'll just appreciate em - hold
it
oh hey laughter all right bad girl
you see if it follows dad around I think
it is he's doing his own thing
well that's gonna be for that you guys
thanks for watching went to Grandpa's
house and he had a dog I couldn't
believe it
grandpa horrible let's steal it while I
was there uh he's already eating raw
meat if you want to see it unlearn
if you want to see it click like I
wasn't sure if that's something you guys
wanted to see grandpa eating raw meat
I'm talking about they were cutting
steak and he was just gonna if you want
to see it click like included in
tomorrow's vlog it's absolutely
disgusting grandpa just straight up eat
and you a pair I looked it up apparently
you can eat raw meat but gee though at
one point he was walking around sucking
oh my god
and that way I was like okay dude I kind
of feel like it's an ear on me though I
mean sushi is raw but look I feel like
you shouldn't either but I googled it
and this that was totally ok guys is
weird
your dad's gonna have worms I'm gonna
get out of here thanks for watching you
guys
dad's or puppies cute oh yeah I feel a
little better what is this what is that
what is that I don't know how I'm not
sick I usually always catch your
sickness it's only been two days it's
been three give it he's not been three
three came home Tuesday Wednesday
Thursday it's been two days
check don't jinx me check in with me on
Saturday no I'm gonna get out of here
making me sick I'm seriously not gonna
forgive you I am seriously going to
prank you yeah cuz honestly I hate kids
in your dance I'm away from you from
this you're sick no I'm I'm thanks for
watching thanks for don't yeah my face
I'm gonna get you like subscribe
favorite if I meant everything vit west
and that's it hey I'm not a psycho right
Michael chop psycho I'm a psycho
no I'm good I didn't see what Bridgette
was doing
she's crying she's freaking
