what's going on you guys kid behind a
camera here they see him at home come on
down already
no oh my god I missed you guys so much
like I can't even explain it
I've been lonely I've been depressed I
have medicine Bridget Wes here I've
missed you guys yes aperature Wes here
and follow me on Twitter just say
Bridget Wes here to uh see ya right
thank back oh my god I missed everyone
today I missed you and today is
Wednesday and today you were so sick
still and I could tell you really missed
me too when you were gone so stop trying
to act like you didn't I didn't he had
you dead I'm home guys
I woke up last night and Mike was
rubbing my back can I just do the intro
I got home last night I was too sick I
was too sick to keep blog I didn't put a
vlog yesterday I was still to say I'm
still sick today I can't taste anything
I lost 15 pounds in Dallas no wonder you
passed out dude dear can I do my intro
oh I lost 15 pounds in Dallas folks that
is the pole haiman diet
I love the actor giving but we all know
you love me can I talk about the white
thing my god staying with Paul Heyman
all the orders is like grilled chickens
and burgers without buns and egg whites
and I had to eat all that shit I lost 15
pounds in Dallas dude and now I can't
taste so what's the point of eating so
why don't we get some grilled chicken
and ain't had enough of that shit
Bridget was like let's get pizza last
night
am i dude you could feed me paste it
would taste exactly the same I can't
taste anything oh my gosh anyway today
is Wednesday today I'm home today I'm
not gonna go see dad dad doesn't know
I'm home yeah and the reason is I don't
want to get the guy sick anyway I'm on
the mend I'm starting to feel better not
gonna go see dad being that dad doesn't
know him home thinking about poor no
prank just a little pride not a big
prank click like if you wants to pull a
tiny little eensy prank on
tiny because I'm too sick to come up
with a big one well I will then have a
bath sheesh we also got a gay grandpa to
try the angriest whopper that's gotta
happen soon yeah that thing came out
when I was in Dallas and everybody's
telling me to do it so we're gonna get
it grandpa's trying that angriest
whopper anyway forget it
I don't do the intro no more version you
out of the intro oh boy let's go act
nice little act I love you too baby
you're doing warrant
why are we locking hands right let's get
this Wednesday sorry guys you're so cute
let's get this Wednesday started I know
he's so cute
well hey new member to the family's eyes
what is all over this one whoa whoa yeah
see look ugh
so this is the brand-new WrestleMania
chair I love it Wow
I'm gonna save my ass all over Sasha
banks face okay maybe she's into that
type of thing having people sit on her
face
mazie and men do what okay so look at
this it's a nice one yeah really can't
sit here we're out of room so I think we
should just set it up in the middle of
the floor you don't believe that that's
the dump well while I was gone I got a
wrestle crane I also got eight what was
that nerd block where's all the stuff I
put it upstairs I want to see all that
shit later okay why would you let Dad
unbox I never told you to do that
because I really missed you
and having dad unbox my stuff would make
you makes me less it didn't work I was
actually annoyed cause you farted
maybe I wanted them to leave okay so you
took out the shirt now let's go through
the Russell credit you got to stop
laughing something I'm just I just find
it really funny like obviously that
didn't work
I missed you even more
so Oh God when can I open this box when
you get rid of your eyes you can't on my
face okay the first thing we got there's
a real model DVD the nightmare begins
it's got Kevin Owens on it so that's
awesome we'll check that out later
oh cool an IRS figure wow that is cool
you don't who i RS is yes I do
who is that I don't know what it is why
it's dad how cool is that I'm gonna keep
that kind of looks like psychosis but I
can't tell I don't know like a little
sticker you really look like you lost
some weight I've lost 15 pounds I know
like it shows I'm dead Darvin is bottle
opener oh it's a Steve Weiser bottle
opener stone cold
that's really cool that is awesome oh
shit
Kimmy omega-- autograph you not remember
me telling Kenny Omega is my new
favorite wrestler yeah amazing dude
that's awesome you need a binder man
this is it what a sick drawing yeah
that's her who does these things this
guy's amazing
okay so gotten the autograph the sticker
the bottle opener the figure the DVD and
this shirt oh that's that's a good one
actually I can't wait I'm gonna lose
weight we're gonna wear it this is from
the moment WrestleMania
I think 28 27 it was when Ric Flair was
fighting Shawn Michaels his career was
on the line and he says I'm sorry I love
you and he super kicked them wow that is
cool this is an awesome box to wrestle
crate remains my favorite wrestling box
that I get you guys fucking killed it
this month awesome I love this shirt
cool
you've forgotten how to vlog no I didn't
it just don't turn it oh well you have
to and miss everyone when I look at the
camera and I say okay that means it's
done you don't continue to record me
I just miss holding the camera okay well
we'll figure something else out there at
heart okay how are you doing putting
shit on my lip I don't know how it
happened
god yes like split you just like stop
taking care of yourself and you were
away so you need hold on to put in
perspective every night I take a shower
and Bridget take care takes care of me
after it yeah like I make sure his face
has moisture I'll just stand there and
shortly in my face good moisturize my
face put chapstick on my lips and I'm
not I'm sure if she was in Dallas I
wouldn't had a cold probably not I'm on
top I would have some germ X germ accent
immune immune pills I don't know dude
yeah I mean it's just gosh I feel so bad
for you I was away from Bridget and my
body just deteriorated oh now this yeah
they have a nut ah you forgot before God
had a fall oh I didn't I always do this
hope you watch the previous vlogs you
forgot how I vlog okay good okay you've
never done that before
might never remember seeing the camera
that close to me this is not normal dang
it
you've never done this this is you
recording this
yes okay so Michael no I'm doing come on
please I'm doing no I'm doing it so I
want to give you guys a little bit of a
treat just to describe you how crazy
Bridget is dogs bridges Dallas freaked
out so when I was in doubt this was a
day I was leaving Dallas by the way she
was crazy the whole trip I can give you
the whole play by now no no no I was
no don't tell people add plenty crazy
the whole time laughs dude you could
just call me back ha ha ha Cooper okay
that's not you don't love me say to
heaven they're not swearing your mom now
exactly it happened because I'm sailor
you guys know my dad's trip I spent it
with Paul Heyman and Yahoo and while
we're filming this whole big Yahoo
article I feel my phone vibrating oh my
she's calling me right now I'm at dinner
with Yahoo this isn't good it's a work
Morton's Steakhouse and I'm pulling out
my phone and here's Bridget you don't
even fucking care about me no that's not
true that didn't happen no yeah it
fucking happened I was in arguing with
Bridget over the best meal of my life
Paul citta watch wing your steak and
here I am fucking ha get in a minute sir
you fucking bitch
so I'm fucking done I was so pissed here
you should've even responded like you
ruined your own dinner you're probably
right
yeah I blocked her at dinner I was like
you know what I'm locking her in this
kid oh shit
this all went down because I'm not
talking to her enough while in doubt but
I'm there on business
the day that I decide to leave was that
Monday I was like you know what I'm kind
of sick I'm gonna go home early but I
had to go to a meeting with Paul he
called me he want to get everybody
together I really don't want to talk
about that I'm talking about it don't
interrupt don't tell me that Paul was
like everybody let's get together let's
have lunch before we go you know I know
I want to we're probably leaving tonight
Michael you're leaving tonight let's go
get some chick-fil-a let's all sit in
the room and let's talk so what do
Paul's room I'm eating chick-fil-a I'm
having a good time we're telling jokes
great day I'm Michael oh I feel like
shit but man this is awesome I can't
wait to come back and do all this kind
of stuff again this is amazing and then
I get back to the room and I've got the
phone and the room ringing the phone of
the rooms right now
my cell phone is ringing I see the
message flashing that I got a message
waiting on my machine in the room and I
look at his Bridget colony it was at the
end of her calling me and I saw a go
away and I saw 76 missed calls
okay my god hold on that stop hold on
76 missed calls huh 40 missed text
messages I'm like scrolling for a while
oh my god damn in a bone Ava text
messages Michael where are you are you
dead
oh my god I'm so worried I'm gonna throw
up oh my god what's going on
sad face oh god where are you
what's wrong oh my god Michael and that
wasn't the worst
this is because all right that was the
only time I was really crazy and I admit
that no I just described you a crazy
other time now I this was just the worst
this was this was okay go ahead and
describe cuz I passed out the night
before go ahead yeah cuz you freaking
passed out and whenever I talked to you
that day you were leaving you sounded
horrible I told I have a cold
yeah I get it I passed out the night
before at WrestleMania but that had
nothing to do it can I just really
elaborate why I freaked out so bad I
just said was because in the past I'm at
WrestleMania yeah it's also because he
sounded really bad you told me I have a
cold
yeah and you told me you were packing I
had no idea you were leaving so
obviously if Michael is packing you can
answer my call I could have been in the
shower
I could you know I was in another room I
didn't know so anyway I decided to call
her back cause she I missed so many
phone calls it's like okay let me just
call Bridgette back see what's going on
and this moment maybe wanted to chuck
the phone over the boundaries here
you're an asshole can I tell the story
without interrupting it no you've
forgotten completely had a vlog dude
okay anyway not a Reilly way tell your
story pissing me off I don't care I tell
your story anyways I call Bridgette and
the first thing that happens uh she
answers the phone
hello hello hello oh my god now I'm just
gonna I didn't see what Bridgette was
doing for this one doing something like
this something along those lines
oh my gosh she's crying she's freaking
and I was so pissed off
it won't fuck you for that I'm sorry I
care about you too much
so I should you neglected yourself the
whole time so whatever tell I'm in the
room having lunch we're all saying
goodbye to each other
oh I tried everything it is not that bad
45 minutes people hour and a half people
I are I was only gone for 45 I would
check the time state I already have
you're a liar I checked the time stamps
it was 45 minutes it wasn't Aaron
whatever pretend but it was 45 minutes
okay we'll pretend it was 45 yeah we
lied I don't first of all I don't know
how you managed to call 75 whatever
times it was and 45 minutes exactly like
a couple of times exactly there was an
hour you're making off and getting so
tired of it anyway that's gonna be it
for today you guys thanks for watching
huh feel like shit today feel ha wait
you feel better is it cuz I'm taking
care of you
no has nothing to do with well I'm not
sick knock on wood you're gonna be Joe
copy turned into real coffee real quick
give me your medicine I'll go to myself
I'll hide it that's will sad on vlog
you're telling everybody you're don't
try to get me hey that's real sad you're
kissing me you're hugging me you're in
my air you're getting sick hey might not
though anyway I'm getting out of here
thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe favorite god I miss saying
that pulling on everything we're gonna
do the outro right like subscribe
favorite I want everything but it was
about to and I really missing that too
it's not it that's fucking it funny I
didn't hear
