what's going on you guys kid behind the
camera here Brigitte West not here and
today is Monday and today you can't tell
I'm still sick and also if you can't
tell I am in a different hotel room but
what you won't be able to tell and I'm
gonna tell you now is I'm at a different
state I am in Miami Florida
and please allow me to get into that in
a little bit as you can tell the name of
this vlog is I passed out at
WrestleMania which I did I passed out at
WrestleMania and so you guys don't think
I'm doing clickbait because I don't want
that to happen to be what you think but
I did pass out WrestleMania I didn't get
any footage of it I did not film me
passing out at WrestleMania but I will
tell you all about it but first before I
get into any of that before I get into
why I'm in Miami Florida I want to go
ahead and get into the footage that I
shot at WrestleMania and the stuff that
I shot afterwards at Taco Bell and I
want to get into all that so before I
talk about all that stuff check this out
you
see
so stop it
cannot stop no okay when we're not
making all Gordon
holy crap lovely woman what about all
your order right thank you were dead
dude no sir no there's a mall the first
time she put her head out the window
like everything stopped
shut up now no way to love Belleville so
we're waiting at a talk about by the ATT
stadium and there's like a thousand
people in there eating and they're
taking super slow not the cars behind us
are going apeshit
I said beeping the horizontal speed whap
at all duty day not
we literally ordered like just to like
like not a lot we have two combos that's
it that's it just two combo number sixes
this is crazy we can
is what happens on an uber picks up
pickle boy get the worst trip to your
life we have where to notional basis
I'll just say they do I'm told up yeah
I'm like city guards up doing anything I
was doing is annoying me
get some the ball somebody can spit in a
taco let me tell you no good so anyway
oh wow my voice sounds a lot better
right now anyway you saw that that was
the wrestlemania footage now i'll tell
you why i passed out at WrestleMania
so AT&T stadium there was over a hundred
thousand people there and it was insane
the floor seats which i was in the
fourth row behind the announcers table
uh there was no beverages that i could
find anywhere nothing and anytime
somebody would go walking by it would be
beer i saw one guy with bottled water
and i couldn't get to him fast enough
and he disappeared so i was just sitting
there overheating and getting thirsty
and i saw people's bottled drinks on the
ground i was legitimately gonna take
something take one from somebody and uh
drink their bottled water from the floor
because i was so thirsty it was it was
absolutely ridiculous how thirsty I was
and how hot it was in there so during
the main event it was when Stephanie
McMahon was talking on behalf of Triple
H during that I started to feel like I
had to throw up everybody else was
standing and I just didn't want to stand
I was like I don't feel like standing
during this and I didn't after a few
minutes I started to feel really strange
so I decided I had to go to the bathroom
in puke so I told Jim he says now he
didn't understand what I said I was like
I'm gonna go throw up and I forced my
way out of the row and I apologized to
the people that I'd knocked into because
I was getting out of the road when I was
excuse me and I was bumping them not
realizing what I was doing and I start
walking to the
back of the Wrestlemania looking for
anywhere to get water and as I'm going I
can feel it coming over me my whole body
starts like whoa this feeling radiating
through my whole body then all of a
sudden I'm losing time like as I'm
walking
everything's warped and it's like
flashing I'm here then I'm here the next
thing that I knew I was being helped off
of the floor and being sat down in a
chair given water and I passed out I
collapsed I hit the ground I don't know
how how long I was out there was an
employee giving me water and right when
I got the water I started to feel better
and that's why it's important to hydrate
yourself people seriously it's it's
ridiculous that I let myself get that
far that I allowed myself to dehydrate
like that but I didn't know what else to
do I didn't know where the beverages
were you know this is a freaking hundred
thousand people stadium and you know you
got to it the way we had it set up was
so ridiculous
you know you had to go it would take
like four not 45 minutes but a good 25
minutes to walk all the way up to the
top of the stadium to go to wear a snack
bar was they should have had one down
below so anyway I passed out at
WrestleMania it was embarrassing so for
a lot of you that I met after
WrestleMania if I wasn't very talkative
it's because I just gotten like revived
I had passed out I got revived I was
still out of it a little bit and that's
when that's why I had to go to talk
about right away because I had to get
something to drink because it was just
but it was bad so anyway I passed out of
Wrestlemania that's that story now
you're probably wondering why I'm in
Miami and not Charleston why I'm not in
Dallas so I decided to leave early I was
still sick as you can tell I'm still
fucking sick I could be able to talk uh
I don't know where I got it I think
maybe I picked it up at Ring of Honor or
something I don't know but I'm really
sick right now I can barely talk so I
decided to skip Raw tonight and just
come home and I had a flight from Dallas
to Miami and on the flight uh well we
got that the flight was delayed for I
don't know the reason it was - it was
out there it was supposed to leave at 4
o'clock and come 8 o'clock it's finally
taking off which meant I'm missing the
connection and that's and I tweeted some
angry step towards American Airlines I
was pissed uh but they made up for it
they got me this room they got me a new
ticket for tomorrow they really hooked
me up so I'm sorry to them for you know
lashing out I'm just angry because I'm
so sick and because I passed out and I
missed raw it's a whole lot of stuff so
anyway that's where we are however
here's Rio that's right folks it's time
to eat I'm starving I don't know if I'll
taste it
got to stay hydrated I'm gonna drink
some water too so we'll see what we got
here
oh hell yeah it chicken quesadilla let's
hope that I can taste this and I got a
burger so very good-looking burger let's
go ahead and toss that on there and I
got some key lime pie welcome to Miami
so anyway that's gonna be infra native
guys thanks for watching
passed out at WrestleMania now I'm in
Miami I go home tomorrow
Bridgette I can't wait to see you dad I
can't wait to see you can't wait to get
this trip over with them exhausted I'm
sick and tired thanks for watching you
guys like subscribe favorite and that's
it
