Chinese still yes I am so hungry
how does he like one plate I'm eatin
fifty plays hi I'm Ian I'm driving out
Tina is down this road
okay what are you so gonna do turn this
way you realize my car is huge right so
we're gonna drive our house again yes
any better just roll down here what are
you doing he's roll the window up
no no Bridget ha ha she's gonna be
outside where you're fine okay she cuz
she was walking around with a freaking
break bro she's gonna launch it through
the window
she's not just robber the house fast
okay yeah you got it I'll go like 50
pastor house yeah go 50
chill go dude go go Birds I'm not
kidding go
sorry emasculating me again miss please
don't try these now okay stop sign
what's going on you guys get behind a
camera here and you guys I have a bit of
a conundrum on my hand in person you're
gonna find out about this right now
all the footage that I filmed today is
now gone what I'm not using it what how
many times have I told you I'm not using
it Michael you're seriously overreacting
with that for real I don't think I
should upload it why I swore I wouldn't
film teen anymore she lied she started
too much drama and now we're like in her
face like come on guys today is Friday
Michael let me tell you something yes
just because you found her sorry just
because I found her oh say what's your
film filmed in her face like you're
gonna fight how about that yeah that's
not what we do right but you know why
our viewers are still going to think of
us the same so I don't think it matters
I think you're overreacting I'm not
saying it for that reason
well I'm just saying I don't know what
I'm saying guys today is Friday we were
actually filming day of number one if
you haven't seen the video we uploaded
on the main channel yet please give it a
check please give it a look it's been
demonetised by YouTube which means it
didn't get sent out to viewers so the
views are horrible if you haven't seen
it check it out angry grandpa rages
about Sherwin Williams paint and you
don't want to miss it that's angry
grandpa Sherwin Williams freaked out you
guys if you haven't seen it like I said
link is below go check it out now
it's very important you guys this sucks
do I delete all the footage off the
camera what I'm just gonna say so you
didn't I deleted the footage Danny
really yes Michael no you better not oh
I didn't delete the footage but I'm
going to no you're not I look like such
a coward no you don't Michael I know why
you didn't do anything okay I know I
shouldn't have either but I felt like I
got a hold of that guys if you want to
see this video just leave it up to them
smack the like button and I'll upload it
for tomorrow's vlog but as of right now
I'm just not gonna upload it this photos
will never see the light of day here's
the here's the real problem I had bridge
I thought things were getting good with
Tina yeah we seen we invite her to the
funeral you invite her to see dad while
he was in the hospital why does things
so bad again like why is she mad at me
we have to realize you know your dad was
the glued to that relation job it's true
I don't know I thought everything was
kind of stubble I don't think it is now
front of myself stop cut a part Michael
guys smack the like button if you want
to see the video I'll upload it tomorrow
but don't look differently me don't look
at me differently because I cowered out
dude they're not anyway let's go get
Chinese whirring Chinese this is how
long we've been in traffic about 30
minutes dude let's just go to Sonic it's
right there no I want Chinese well dude
I've wanted Hardee's for a week and I
never got it Oh Michael you don't know
is go eat one by Sonic
we just lost that one I'm sorry how
about like party is tomorrow
or later hands super buffet is right
here thank God
Philly we've waited to get there play
for hours I know the one pitch black
outside no this is crazy they finally
fixed their sign though wanted to say
well it used to be like a flashing black
light here we go pants super buff a you
guys this was dad's favorite place dad
loved this one and trying to town on
Main Street I could eat
oh yeah oh I can I can eat frigid let's
go inside and eat you guys I'm double
parking just so you know I'm not happy
but I am now because I'm freaking
frustrated what are you doing well
relieved even know we're not leaving
okay I'm just making sure I'm perfectly
double parked over this yeah you're
purposely double parking yes Oh God
I'm calling BS she didn't really do Park
no way dude she freaking look at this
Bridget what that is this truck was too
close to it so I'm like no way I'm
double parking let's go to pan super
cafe I don't care guys things got bad
like really bad yeah
if you smack the like button it's got to
get a lot of likes like I'm serious it's
got to be enough room like I can't
ignore it
write about it too it's like I want I
want to show them but I also don't for a
reason what's the reason you don't
publicity screw her
well this is giving her the publicity so
that part doesn't matter yeah let's go
inside I just want to film this on
because it looks cool real here's the
thumbnail buffet open let's go how's
your food I'm still mad
oh yeah hello uh sometimes I'm in a bad
mood when the lady gets my face and
threatens to fight me right but guess
what girlfriend handle it yeah but it
should have never gotten to that well
you know what she runs her mouth and
that's what happens when she runs her
mouth I just don't like I just say
you're overreacting about that no first
of all I'm just trying to say I don't
understand like why she's still so mad
like why don't you find us out of well
yeah I don't know Michael I really I
don't know why she wasn't minding her
own business like we're not her business
I told you from the beginning that's not
walking to the yard she wanted to walk
to the fence to see where we filmed a
pinata video yeah I should have known
they were feet away from her like it's
not her yard though and you're not her
business I've never done that it's like
a dog when you get into its territory
and it flips out is snaps and it starts
by eating at you
well like again that wasn't her property
here everywhere you choose to go
friendly faces will greet you
oh that's actually really ironic unless
you go to Creekside that counts as
everywhere right track site I will say
you know meeting those fans people let's
go that was good oh yeah there's a
couple of fans in here it was really
cool it was kind of adorable actually
one guy was like he's coming over he's
coming over he's coming over put some
pictures thanks guys seriously nice guy
oh yeah I made a mistake
I get spicy about you you won't eat this
it's too spicy for me I'm full babe yes
you spicy free does it all be honest
what parties yes I'm loves company
honestly um I don't really get either I
just think it's you know the wrong time
today I don't want you boys it's just
the wrong time of day this place they
sure you named the restaurant to garbage
it's called garbage what's the real name
of the place
I don't like pan garden soap and garbage
Panhandle
Yeah right like I don't want to do that
to her she was like I said okay I was
like oh so good and my head I'm thinking
no yeah and your head you just want to
kind of throw up
oh man it's real obvious huh
it's very obvious guys oh my god
it's less obvious anything you're
filming in this parking lot let's go to
hardy I did not go over there looking
for her I was over there to Dad's old
house because my dad right dad used to
live next door to her yes I see I stood
I mean I stood her in her yard is that
stepping foot in her properties and I
told you not to do that well at that
point she was already like yelling and
like she was waving a rake around so
like sir what that cannot the
restraining order is like mud
what we went to court for the
restraining order and I did not go
looking for a fight I was looking at my
dad's old house well yes she still goes
next door
well explain to me what that means what
does that mean though so everything we
do is for nothing
please slot Michael
bridgie you're the one who drove up you
drove over to the house no not you
Bridget drove over to the house he was
like looking for a fighters no I didn't
don't say that
alright thanks a lot sir no I appreciate
this even alright thank you so much well
hello says it wasn't hung up
okay well the restraining order gone
done why you step foot in her property
which means the restraining order means
nothing Michael excuse me Bridget I
don't think it wouldn't matter and I
think even being in front of her house
like you drove to violated the
restraining order we weren't supposed to
be with him like yards of her and now it
doesn't matter anymore it's gone thanks
a lot Michael no I'm so safe with that
piece of paper she came to our house and
threw eggs at it oh no we got cameras in
security because of this and you because
you want to stir the pot a little bit
call her all right your eyes got cameras
and security or for that and now we're
gonna have to show the footage because
of all the threads so you know it wasn't
the eggs yeah some acting like but if
you want to see this footage you guys
things got crazy I have a feeling that
we're gonna have to show it because
she's gonna be on her channel saying we
did a bunch of stuff that we did like
because she is a liar
I've worked very hard budget to stay out
of drama I know you know when she was
saying that you know this was fake and
we did this but I didn't respond I chose
not to
I'm she was saying this and that I
didn't respond didn't matter then that's
what she wanted to do yeah and I chose
to ignore it and now I have no choice
but to show the footage we got and then
I'm done okay unless I confront her
because I feel like I should confront
her so you're scared
her and once he got scared of her are
you sure no I'm not sure she's lunatic
she have a right am I gonna hit her back
no I will guys
we're doing the outro right now I needed
that restraining order you know what who
cares that clearly I care because you
know for a longest time didn't even help
you're right and what it helped you're
right let's do the outro it's like it
didn't it never worked
that's gonna be a friend a you guys
thanks for watching remember if you
haven't had a chance to watch the video
on the main channel go check it out it
is a classic angry grandpa style video
which again a lot of people haven't seen
thanks to YouTube thanks a lot I like
how they choose who to send
notifications to based on there are like
not suitable prioritizing things really
YouTube's going through something crazy
right now guys there's a growth spurt
going on with YouTube when they need to
figure it out looma jesse wellens today
yes they lost they locked jesse wellens
video because the tags like seriously
you guys gotta get on this that's like a
new thing like that scary
that's not cool anyway guys that's gonna
be it for today thanks for watching
again go check out the video and smack
the like button if you want to see this
confrontation with Tina because guys it
gets ugly yeah I mean I should have like
you should have done nothing you should
have done what I said and not go to our
house like well guess what I don't
listen to you like subscribe favorite
I'm not trying to tell you what to do
I'm trying to keep us out of this
situation right now I ignore all the
stuff she was saying so okay
she was yelling good video about us for
how long
hey stop dude are we fighting over Tina
I'm allowed to lie and defend ourselves
subscribe on everything good to us and
that's it
