what's going on you guys kid behind a
camera here bridge West not here and
today is Friday an actual Friday I'm
doing the vlog today on Friday going up
one Friday today is Friday and today the
Yahoo article went up about how I work
for Paul Heyman yes it's true
that's the job that I've had since 2005
I have worked for Paul Heyman and just
to throw it out there it has been the
greatest experience of my life the guy
is a true friend to me
he's been there in times that there's a
story the time grandpa destroyed the
bathroom he broke the tub and if you
guys noticed it wasn't long after that
we got a new bathroom and the reason we
got a new bathroom is because I called
Paul and I told him that the department
of social services were talking about
coming to take the kids out of the house
and I called Paul and he sent me five
thousand dollars like that to completely
repair the bathroom and so the guy's a
friend for life he's got me for life it
has been an honor to work so close to
him for so many years and I'll be here
for you know few more so it's been great
we did that yesterday here's a little
behind the scenes video that we got
while shooting the Yahoo video check
this out
you know I pitched the commercial -
Drock last week
so if I vet the verbage Brock is happy
the only question in terms of Brock is
how much of this time do we mean and how
quickly because it's not really a matter
of Brock shooting it we just don't want
to do with all the commercial shoot with
Brock we want to get them in get stuff
done and let them go home it's that's
going to be the big question of the day
there is a part in there that you're all
gonna notice when you watch it where
Paul bucks
referring to me says that I have made
millions off of YouTube which isn't true
I wish I wish that I had made millions
off of you
that'd be really nice Paul while I
appreciate your enthusiasm and my
character and believing that I am able
to make millions not yet but if you want
to see the interview check it out the
link below pause this vlog go check it
out it's it was amazing to do it's
amazing to let you guys know now that I
work for Paul Heyman check it out let me
know what you guys think in the comments
well I'm at Walgreens with Scott that's
a good question are you over to get
right here in this to Hornet oh look
that's awesome
then we can just put on yours no way no
way home you didn't have it alright go
home you saw me come here that good wait
what's up man she looking for
personal stuff design my beard look at
me you're at Walgreens right now could
you Crale him like a baby
you bitch mom could you pick him up a
cup just let him do it right in here
right oh maybe if it works it's not the
same yes yeah do it right you did it
what about you there's no way we can
we'll see come on good okay no you gotta
try better than that that was even you
leave it attempt I did to my release one
more than once okay better
place your spoons not gonna work I don't
think that's terrible
maybe should get the fullness up no you
keep taking it or what not all gonna be
the same that was fun
well this is the best I could do my
thing I have this camera we follow them
around to document you so we're here
with the world heavyweight champion
right now with our uber driver are you
gonna keep your title this one Scott
brother you know I am ain't nobody ever
gonna beat me I'm gonna be the longest
reigning champion okay you're not trying
to have a nice relaxing day you want me
to think about everything that's about
to happen in this imaginary I'm trying
to you know I'm trying to focus you just
need to remember to draw blood during
that match I'm gonna draw some blood in
the car in about a minute keep reminding
me about blood yeah you've already I
think you already did when we kept split
open I think you think okay
so if anybody if anybody asks you tell
me had Derk Derk rice ler in your car
tonight
Derk rise Lord he's the champion stretch
flex forms gonna bloom in here might
break something
children on the call okay Craig he's
alright thank you just traumatized
this is his wrestling mode show up he
wears this to the right guys
tank that's the one you're gonna wear
cider you can have it that's the nose he
wears to the range no the edges over
here well we're just trying to do for
him another satisfied customer she gonna
go home to be so happy look how she's
texting her friends right now
I just met dirt dirt hi so everybody
knows we actually told the uber driver
that it was a joke Scott's not the
champion Dirk tiger yeah he's the champ
that was funny though we got her though
we pranked her dude
he actually he actually gets the title
foot four for that prank yeah this way
nice job little cry because he pulled in
another person he made it a double prank
yeah nice job he's a natural Jim felt
bad about that's what we told her Jim
looks really upset I was man it was just
you know it's when he saw him crying but
yeah I'm just like collapsing him cells
heartbreak well that's gonna be for
today guys thanks for watching I'm about
to go to access I've got an XP tonight
Ring of Honor tomorrow
WrestleMania Sunday Monday Night Raw on
Monday there's a ton of stuff going on I
got to get out of here if you haven't
seen it yet check the link below the
video I put up where I prank Charles by
putting false teeth and his drink at the
Chinese restaurant and he threw up it's
amazing check it out I gotta get out of
here thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe
Maybrick and that's it
go to hell
