what's going on you guys Kip be on a
camera here Bridget west not here again
she's gone she's a dad's house she's
gonna bother him again because I enjoy
it today is Wednesday and you're gonna
get this on Thursday but today is
Wednesday and today just chillin at the
hotel again until Jim is able to get
here at some point tonight and then
maybe I'll prank him I really don't know
I don't know the plan I don't know what
I'm gonna do I do know there's a lot of
stuff going on today with Yahoo and by
the time you've seen this you probably
would have already seen the picture this
picture yes that is me at a table with
Paul Heyman not gonna say any more than
that you'll find out more Friday I will
implore you to all watch the video check
it out that's not what's important right
now however what is important is if you
didn't check out the summary video yet
that's a must see I put it in
yesterday's vlog and I'm putting it in
this one click the link below anyway
today is Wednesday you're watching this
on Thursday today the weather sucks it's
gonna be raining dude it is two o'clock
in the afternoon right now and it looks
like it's about to turn eight
the weather sucks here in Dallas let's
get this Wednesday started I'm trying to
zoom in on the plane flying through the
rainbow mind blurred out how the chores
oh are you so handsome under the rainbow
under the rainbow there was aa you
what's up Scott
what a again miss my we should order
food seriously what we said we should
maybe go somewhere you don't you don't
you don't want to you know what I want
to get on film I want to get Scott
pacing around the room there's Scott
when the food's like 20 minutes late
it's got like yeah what a fuck is it
yeah bridge season yo man he gets on the
phone you were but I bet if it didn't
come any sooner you want a snack
where's this crap it's nerd vlog nerd
Bob nerd block
I got your nerd game of thorns what
about roses damn is this I don't know
vinyl figure great worm the folks a
great worm hey my players to play with
dolls yes oh sure want to kiss me that's
Michael sure Dan by now that's me and
that's nothing about book of thorns hey
while opening others for because Michael
usually does that news on here there's
junk but it's cool stuff you can leave
now yeah I'll do something Michael
Jordan bio there's a goddamn bomb you
playing golf today Ari no way man Golf
is dangerous okay good do you know how
bad that would hurt are you selling the
kind of guy like he assesses every
situation four goes into it I could go
to the district fillet but I agree it is
dangerous I just slip on the bathroom
I've seen a guy that's why we're not
playing doesn't do that the game sucks
oh but it's cool game he's cooled off so
right now we're fixing to get a fuckload
of what a burgers and chick-fil-a I've
never had what a burger before the fire
era but follow out dare you use son of a
bitch Jim's gonna cast these hands
it's so many fucking chicken sounds I
won't might wind overall bad it doesn't
all the way hello
I'd roll my window down but it won't let
me wait there's a kid picture never mind
how are you good
you don't know what he did I do I guess
I just you look enamored by this a one
order we're gonna get like 20 20
thanks what he said has 15 chick-fil-a
classics or whatever and five waffle
fries well I don't know yeah whatever
they look at simp
I got somebody else's credit card so
I'll accept that I'll use the card
wonderful yes please just free we're
just vibrated fuck what the fuck was
that I don't know dude like the chair
just vibrated there's like various like
saw it's vibrating right now I think
that is when you get too close to shit
beautiful
Oh wonderful all the sodas like you need
to fit so right now we are on our way to
Whataburger right after we got tons of
chick-fil-a that's how we roll big or
home gallons of lemonade literally one
there one there right Jim
we didn't want to get the lemonade's
with Jimmy Lake forced gotta get fuckin
lemonade doo-doo gallons you look at me
say get aluminum but break your fucking
news I don't know what the fuck is wrong
with this dude but gyms are a friend you
should do their country song I'll just
make up a country song give me a title
right now Jim title just a title of the
song genius Becky Becky Becky sue yeah
all right
I walked into a honky-tonk and I saw her
face her name was Becky sue when I knew
she wasn't from this place and I said
Becky sue do you wanna come home with me
she said I would she took my hand and we
did the beat and I said I love you I
love you I love you I love you Becky
maybe I did that that was beautiful man
that was really Stalin I'm sucking with
the camera here yeah you should be a
video I've been there well that's gonna
be for today you guys thanks for
watching good day had a pretty good day
Jim got in early we hung out we went to
chick-fil-a we went to water burger we
did a lot of stuff with Yahoo that is
gonna be going up tomorrow by the time
you see this it's Thursday right now but
that's going up on Friday I can't talk
about it right now you guys got to see
little Yahoo first we're gonna find out
a lot of stuff tomorrow my job what I've
done since 2000
you know people always ask me what do
you do what is your job you know you
know pickle boy only does YouTube you
know I have a job I have a real job that
I've had since 2005 and I don't openly
discuss it because I just don't but
you're gonna find out I can't talk to me
you're gonna find all about it that's
all right you're gonna find out all
about it tomorrow that's tomorrow on
Yahoo I felt like that should have been
the end but it wasn't anyway that's
gonna be a further you guys thanks for
watching also I told you guys last week
to click like if you wanted to know what
we did the Charles the day after we left
the Chinese place before I came here
well the prank goes up tomorrow April
Fool's Day see here's what happened we
all went to Chinese and we went to eat
dinner and we were eating and when
Charles went up to go give himself a
plate of food I decided why not prank
them because we all know he has a
horrible gag reflex we all know how
funny it was one and how horrifying it
was when he drank the teeth water and
the hate-mail video so dad withdrew his
dentures put it in Charlie's drinking
water live at the Chinese restaurant or
his tea and watched chaos ensue that's
going up tomorrow click like if you're
excited for April Fool's Day Charles you
drink teeth water
there you go dad don't you lie about the
fucker shut up nobody thank you
shouldn't go you gotta watch his hat but
I'm using you travel I travel I just
travel hit the bricks
