what's going on you guys kid behind the
camera here Brigitte West not here and
today is I don't even know because I got
up super early to fly to Dallas and I'm
here and I didn't get a chance to film
on the airplane because the camera was
in my I was just too exhausted it was
just way too exhausting getting that way
too early but anyway I'm here in Dallas
Texas first impressions the Dallas Texas
you're all right with me I like Dallas
so I'm just sitting here in the hotel
room because I got nothing else to do
there's nothing else for me to do Jim
doesn't get in until tomorrow night I
have some work to do in a little bit but
other than that I got nothing dude so
I'm going to go stir-crazy today
I could take an uber and go check out
that list but I don't want you doing
that kind of thing by myself because I
don't know I don't have people skills
but you can blame debt for that one so
anyway I got nothing else for you I got
nothing going on let's get I don't know
what today is
let's get this day started so of course
I know a lot of people are gonna ask to
see the hotel room so here we go tour
time it is a little lived in because
I've been sitting here for the past
couple hours just sort of doing nothing
looking on the computer checking out the
hotel I got nothing let's do a tour okay
so here's what you see when you first
walk in besides me hey we'll check out
the bathroom in just a minute first
we're gonna walk in here and is there a
light switch
well let's just turn that off okay I
guess that anyway here it is here's the
bed was jumping up and down on it right
there just kidding it be on the floor if
that were the case so here we go got a
TV got a couch a desk this is turning
into a lousy tour we got this which
night he's got a nice view of the pool
and I may have to wear one of these dude
just to wear it cuz this thing is more
comfortable than anything I've ever felt
check this out
hell yeah dude this is sick
me go check this out when pick up boys
shit it's in private it's in this
private room with a phone there's a fuck
what is that for
Who am I calling on taking a crap oh
shit the light turned on when I opened
it I mean this place thought everything
Oh awesome
just what I needed a safe that I had
nothing to put in shit oh hell yeah I'm
here to say hello hello goodbye see you
later
driving messages for Michael that's rude
well my own Michael says you keep
calling him non-stop I mean you called
in one time yeah sure you do this all
the time
obvious call him you know unique I call
him okay you call me I'm not I just
think you're kind of making this call
your guardian wire I'm telling you I
ain't go to there but oh oh boy he's
better than me
later you will get the fuck out you
better you go dad door 2003 on the trip
you lying motherfucker shut up that was
you take your shit and go and you got
much tag then usually you travel I
travel I just travel hit the brick well
just still sitting here though though I
don't know how long like I can stand
here and pretend to look important I'm
running out of stuff to do you prop up
my feet on this maybe oh god that is
uncomfortable Jesus Christ I just took
it fell that was a fucking mistake
probably some people because I think I
died so is it nothing mr. Michael any
whores horribly horribly we miss you we
love you hey I'm not doing that I'm not
doing that
you're no God and you know you get the
fuck out won't you give it or you go
here you go I got you you're the god
damn bro I'm not doing it leave I'm
gonna call Michael hopson's extra
something I don't know me he's missing
Mike a little too much Manny's Yeah
right
he's not on these piers in Dallas San
Jose DZ Dallas syndrome
he's got in California the motherfucking
here is he Italy he's not here is he
this one's in for DC now he's in Dallas
you need to shut the fuck up so I'm
trying to get out here on this freaking
patio and the door one of them oh there
we go what the fuck dude am I not
allowed on the patio seriously oh it
slides
yeah that makes a lot more sense Wow
look at that pole dude holy crap
if I wasn't a fat bastard I would
totally go swimming in it but I won't
I don't know smoke but this would be
really good to just relax son look
around I don't know if you can see me or
not it is what it is Bridget I'm glad
you had a good day I had a good day too
actually a lot of this stuff that I
can't talk about you'll find out about
that kind of stuff later in the week I
can't talk about it right now also I
don't know if you've seen it or not but
there's an awesome video on the Heyman
hustle right now with summer-rae
if you're not if you're not familiar
with wrestling summer Rae is this hot
dough w/e diva and yeah she put on an
awesome photo shoot if you want to see
the video check out the link below it is
Wow sorry we're just gonna watch this
it's it's it's it's awesome time damn it
no this is not a dildo for all you
people that are we thinking it it is the
freaking selfie stick oh man it's
getting really late and these snacks
were really starting to call my name how
much is a KitKat
okay on blur you bastard I can't see you
KitKat
four dollars you sit you there and see
you guys bye see ya
well that's gonna be it for today you
guys thanks for watching Bridget went
over to grandpa's house today and that
didn't really go well but did anybody
really expect it to go well to begin
Bridget I don't know why you thought
that was gonna go well anyway she went
over to grandpa's house today
I got to the hotel here in Dallas I
didn't get a chance to film any of the
airport stuff or any of that but I'm
here regardless I'm here in my room I'm
here to chill I was gonna say have fun
but I didn't have any fun today
because I got to the hotel then I
started working and then nobody came Jim
was supposed to be here by now he's not
here hopefully tomorrow then I saw all
this and I couldn't have any cuz it's
too expensive
oh my god here thanks for watching you
guys
good day I know what you're thinking how
was it a good day if he didn't have any
fun it was a good day because I didn't
do anything and that's the spin that I'm
doing in my head to make this okay
because this day sucked work
nothing else coming together here thanks
for watching you guys
like subscribe favorite and remember to
click the link below to check out the
summary video on the Hammond hustle and
that's it
I'm getting out of here that was very
yeah kind of angry and I apologize
