well I am on my way to the airport
taking me giver - you have a question
Paul what this plane should be able to
take off and on is I got it Mike you've
been sitting for another two or three
hours
it's fucking sleeping man huh I said
it's sleep man you can't take off in
this you're probably stuck you brother's
done about three hours
don't call me I ain't coming back if it
does man you better save your fucking
prayers D Wow oh by the way you know
let's do that machines we put the money
in buy into it died
yeah think about take them out believe
for you I'm gonna die on the way to the
fucking Airport if you guys got any
you're more like you dying the goddamn
plane I'll make sure I get so knows
thirty thousand be nice I'm not getting
shit I'm gonna get life insurance out
and give it a Bridget fucker she don't
need it you know I told her to fuck with
you right they're not chalma need your
help for some of it the hobo point is I
can't tell ya ya so Jane you better not
be fucking me this guy I'll see her
either
I told I guess she's got a camera she's
gonna come over to your house and fuck
fuck
I'll be the idea that's what happens I
won't ask those Oh Charles will you
leave me sighs who's fuckin you know
crusty unis decide who the fuck you're
gonna goddamn listen to all right who
didn't feed for spoon your belly crusty
idea who pays that water that you are
your nasty ass with once we find it you
guys are back in my ass over the Cubs
there's no fat bug here
well I don't say I say you look you get
food to across the ass you get a guy to
start doing what I say
Michael's got me got Michael yeah I got
you well goddamn what about going to
that you sleep in his house no it's real
and yeah I got your back unless you need
anything
I got you Charles fucking anything
please don't hesitate to ask somebody
else
yeah you bet somebody to God if you keep
on doing everything you know me god damn
snitch you remember the goddamn snitch
why is it every time I come I gotta get
my fucking bus
cuz you're close to the airport I don't
know about this and then slow
chill out dad fuck you boy stick it up
your ass you get my whole bitch fuck Bo
have a feeling you do that like
occasionally just drive my bow and tell
me don't go closer well dad you gonna
miss me yeah I don't know like I miss
you I'm ready I'm ready let you out
right now JC me you never see me as it
is Charlie I don't miss you like the
dickens ain't gonna be snitchin like a
like a like a like a baby love is don't
worry though you got a book I gave him a
pen he go write down everything I fuckin
saying dude you to you when you get old
I'll just text it to me like 60 days in
how long I've been here
well I'm in my hotel room and this is
actually temporary hotel room the hotel
that I was booked in gave my room or I
gave my room the move me to a different
hotel but didn't I'm gonna get out of
here but before I do which by the way I
haven't said anything yeah I'm in New
York hello in New York I couldn't leave
without making Bridget feel like shit
just a little bit
Bridget you haven't had one yet Shake
Shack so let's just examine that burger
for a few minutes have a look at that
hmm Bridget you should have come you
missed it out but anyway I'm gonna offer
so here is my view of Brooklyn hello
Brooklyn this is all I'm gonna see of
you right now cuz I'm not walking around
out here
Oh
marry
well that's gonna be a fitter day you
guys thanks for watching
what along there what the Shake Shack
that was scrumptious when - Monday Night
Raw
that was scrumptious somehow somehow
that was scrumptious - Shake Shack was
definitely scrumptious if you didn't
notice those guys in front of me dancing
to the new day were the guys from the
Impractical Jokers show I didn't want to
bother them they're in front of me I
don't want to bother them they were very
genuinely cool guys though they were
taking pictures with every fan that came
up and they were just cool and now one
dude Murr had his eyebrows shaved off
and had a patch of hair missing so I
don't know what happened I think he like
got another punishment or I don't know
anyway I'm gonna get out of here thanks
for watching you guys
I don't know usually I have Bridget to
work off for this for this part so I
don't have anything to say so you know I
was going to like you know say let me
get Bridget on the phone sure you you
came in too early I was gonna be like
let me get Bridget on the phone now they
know you're already on the phone the
whole time not to mention not to mention
you're also in the outro for the thing
we shot at the house yesterday so that
doesn't make sense I always see me going
or anymore dude thanks for watching you
guys
stop it I still gotta cut stop it I
still have to stop this giorgia stop I'm
dead I'm fucking muting you by me trying
to move her and the muting myself look I
have to uptake I took her off
speakerphone cuz I was just getting out
of control I'm gonna get out of here you
guys like subscribe baby I can still
hear you shut up
like shut up like you have to shut up
like hung up on our like subscribe
favorite follow me sound like a better
favorite favorite follow me everything
could because I'm I want you to leave
I've got to hey you can come it's too
late no it isn't you still stay at the
hotel and go do things with me
yeah but I'm technicals anything so
let's get you something I want to sit
with you well that and I can that's too
much
Julie well it's only a week and that's
it my best friend my best friend to the
end red nurse like the vlog Jessore went
from New York to hey I'm back
and that's it
you can put thee wherever you want I'll
find my way out the fellows coming make
sure thing goes smoothly
he's bling dude no we did you go Chuck
my god that's closet to be trapped that
is so funny
