what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here bridge West not here right
now
bridgett is upstairs and she is packing
my suitcase yeah it's like the scene on
home alone yeah you know pack my own
suitcase Michael you're such a disease
I'm going to feed you to my tarantula
okay that looked like shit but it was
supposed to
it was purposely made to look like shit
can we just take a minute to acknowledge
how fake that laughs look like seriously
that look like the most unnatural laughs
I've ever done in my entire life the
reason I'm starting the vlog off right
now without Bridget while she's upstairs
packing the suitcase and getting the
clothes ready is because I wanted to
take a moment to post a message to her
she doesn't know I'm doing this and this
blog is going to go up by the time I'm
already in New York going to Dallas
stopping in New York for Monday Night
Raw
tomorrow night and I wanted to take the
moment to give her because she's gonna
be sad so Bridget I love you this is
like an even better turn the camera off
I can't really do a I love you I'm gonna
miss you obviously you know don't be sad
because it goes by really quick so
anyway I got to go upstairs and help
pack my own suitcase anyway today is
Sunday today is Easter and it's hard to
keep up with everything the video I put
up yesterday even though hasn't gone up
yet is the video chocolate-covered raw
egg prank folks link is below check it
out let's go get this suitcase packed so
this is the outfit I'm wearing to the
airport and these are the clothes that
I'm working with and who acknowledged
how bad my little floating had things
looked it was a total fail that was such
up that was embarrassing I would be
embarrassed of our video
well woke up this morning after packing
all of my bags and stuff and I woke up
to see that the Easter Bunny came now I
don't know who let him in the house I
don't know who put this together
I suspect Bridgette so just getting
ready going to the airport today my
first stop is in New York City for
Monday Night Raw tomorrow night uh
excited grandpa's gonna be driving me to
the airport because Bridgette gets sad
Bridgette once again I love you she's at
Walmart right now getting me some new
headphones ah
Bridgette I love you seriously she
thinks that I'm not gonna miss her I'm
gonna miss her considerably I wish she
was coming but she's not so Dallas and
raw and all this by myself but thank you
for helping me get everything together
so ha let's get ready for this trip like
ol cuddle with me come on I don't want
make it any sadder come on please cuddle
with me I want to get closure with
cuddles closure yes I'm not gonna see
you for nine days you can you get
closure if like I'm gonna miss you if
you're like breaking up you get closure
you don't get closure because I'm going
on a trip I get closure and you're gone
for over a week come cuddle and forget
that I got more more were some problems
like what like I land in New York at
nine o'clock from 46 should I be worried
about what I'm wearing
what did it just fucking 46 your weather
46 year old 46 degree water
Michael it's fine it's not that call me
tell you one thing I'm getting there at
9:00 I better be able to go to fucking
Shake Shack are they open on Easter yes
I called oh shit the first thing I did
when I woke up this morning I got out of
bed shakes okay you better be open shake
check in Brooklyn not funny I make Trina
look like it's like a high classic car
or something really are oh yeah
Columbian let's say our bunnies you're
off mm-hmm really whoa there's like
high-quality chocolate this is from Dove
by the way
you try it Wow
that's some high quality milk chocolate
air boy this guy stealing we're
promoting it does it it dies by his eyes
are really good no we have to put it on
the vlog we had to say like sponsored
video Oh which I won't yeah we undo that
stuff
fuck you dub all your other products are
bull shakes up this there now they can
cuz they sure it's like wouldn't pay us
now but you there I was really kinda we
sponsored now is can we get it off the
ground actually what I want to show
people how it rolls I love this that
looks fun when I'm in the airport dude I
need that shit cuz I another foot so I
didn't roll I just excuse me sir excuse
me like that yeah that's my bad here's
what's thing why do it sitting on it
just rolling through the airport like
that well that would've been better
don't is there anything breakable in
there I don't think you scared the bag
oh my god is probably look guys hey
Bella it's me big bad boy Michael I you
don't give a shit
oh we Clyde me bad oh I don't care what
do you roll about self novella
unless you don't for leftover lasagna oh
my gosh y'all guys didn't see this oh my
gosh will you put Chucky upstairs
are you serious oh yeah I'm a little
scared of them
I'll be here by myself at night you can
put me wherever you want I'll find my
way out
come on Chuck
you know yeah and Bella's coming
oh hey go make sure everything goes
smoothly hi Bella
oh how about this closet
he just blinked dude now we did you go
Chuck the final guy that's closet soon
I'll be trapped in here that is so funny
bye Bella see she comes back up gosh
she's so cute you're gonna miss me Bella
dude she's always so depressed when we
leave
she'll anomaly she acts like a very old
lazy dog you're gone oh really does give
me a paw yeah pop what are you doing huh
what whoa what is this does she have to
know why did she ever act like that hmm
oh my gosh Oh see that
yeah broke my damn leg come on big girl
bye Bella she's so hyper well guys I
will see you in nine days I'm really
gonna miss you I'll be on Twitter click
like if you're excited for Bridget
freefall Oh
oh my gosh I'm really gonna miss you
guys love you wait I remember I need you
to prank dad what what you want me to do
well I don't know what prank but fuck
with him you'd go over wake him up in
movie sleeping I can do that well that's
about it for Charleston folks it's time
for pickle boy to get on the road oh
it's okay she's really sad but I'm gonna
be I'm sad too but
I know I'm gonna be back in nine days
seven days he goes by super quick it's
not a big deal once everybody goodbye
say yeah well that's it for Bridget
folks not quite I need you do me a favor
where you going
what I need you to annoy dad I can do
that don't cry it's only a week
let's get you a ticket you come out
Thursday tempting is only a week see you
in a week but I need you to piss off
that one I'm not I can do that I'm me
too
