good god my poem okay I'm cigarette okay
chill out I'm sorry dude oh my god I
want to throw up I don't know what hey
what's wrong you all borrow my bucket oh
no oh god yeah I don't even know if you
noticed it but that cadbury and you take
it out of the box
Jennifer god oh my god
Ganga I got you gonna bring it but
anyway hi how do we help clean this cut
of me home we can't help it's all just
throw up he has to do it why because
it's right ahead you got it lady
everybody's rules to watch you work by
the way happy you sure Happy Easter
grandpa Hey
oh my god you gonna miss me oh hey dude
I'm out take this Michael Oh bad I'll
tell ya can't take you down I'm throwing
up
no you got to take me you got to take a
cab yeah hoo hoo hoo oh thank you
Michael call Hoover he'll come get you
uber Hoover give me the third year
feel like this don't worry don't forth
us next yeah
I gotta find a better way to do it next
year Oh
Oh still something beige man where is
Charlie out
I have no idea well we gotta get this up
before it gets here all right you know I
I can't wait oh god out that I'm gonna
ride so see yo yo yo cooking makes me
sick you not about that Bridget your
cooking makes me fucking sick bro eggs
go put a pair who put the goddamn
chocolate on it
me and Michael who made a chocolate
don't give me a Mario this shit you did
yeah yeah yeah Maya this year don't try
to throw me on the bus that was all you
see the intra dad what she made me feel
morong look like I was helping no God
look good god damn bro Holy Mother
that's all of it now you can you be
happy to get Malik oh I feel well man
mix Qasim G well you both had my mouth
too
oh man yeah I want they're hard to eat
people shy OH
yo charms missing the front than one of
his teeth smile Oh dad no I'm good
oh my god we've been always missing yeah
yeah that's right
talk about stinky breath hmm what's
going on you guys keep you on the camera
here vigil eyes TR we do it's nothing
hey you get up on here Charles there I
look bad - excuse me okay see ya we just
did the chocolate-covered raw egg prank
I'm disgusted I want to leave third year
in a row
dad puked oh good god Charles with it
keep you
the house smells like throw-up ha ha
oh good and then we don't prank yet
there's gonna be an April Fool's prank
oh yeah we're gonna do it at the Chinese
right so you man Charles huh
you know dude it's like Dharma Curtis I
like toes oh man that was fucked up uh
Turley repulsive happy Easter happy
Easter I had an idea I had a bit fucked
up well you made me pressure me man you
made me feel like I had to do it he said
Bridget made him well if you made this
motherfucker
well she didn't make him i melted sock
mail I don't know when you ate right
there man
hey store man Barry hey those fuckers
were like looking either bigger
something yeah those are the extra-large
eggs dads were a little smaller
not quite my best friend back the
mediums yeah yeah bigger ring yeah extra
shells your teeth nah just oh yeah back
oh man yes stuck back here man back away
that's enough watch them out well how
was your Easter folks my no way no way
so I still out the mug look happy Easter
grandpa
it's your Easter day I made you a
chocolate covered raw egg and you ate it
and did was a prank that clever what
yeah top of the noodles
um Oh yoohoo bud goddamn cleaner yeah
most of the reason you're spraying it
sorry I got a good rest no Sun woo
should you be mopping the table that's
disgusting
going up smell some goddamn would use
that rag it's right there we're sorry
I can't go to your throw good oh god
this fucking why are you one of your ask
you you gotta fucking shelves another
luggage oh man man that was shaking
scratching his ass it'll go robo just
now you're a basket back I don't know
it's got egg smeared all over it good
thing I would throw yeah put that cream
that's right
what's my you
