what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here bridge was not here because
today is Friday and today I'm
brightening Bridget's fuckin ass
I make her think that I got crushed by
the telescope so I don't how many people
realize just how heavy this fucking
thing is it's really heavy she's
ah shit sorry oh oh my god oh my god you
think I was fuck dead I don't know dude
I don't know what the fuck thing wait
Mego come on baby yeah what is that you
like wood oh my god
you know I hope it stained you I hope it
stains I've got you I got you
you always bring me I never gonna get
you whatever dude that was bullshit
I need a good chance to your face Oh God
you're just you're horrible dude yeah I
would honestly didn't know how to work
as a bubble here's such an ass so I am
getting you though come on man I'm
getting you thank you that was a mild
attempt at a prank for me I'm getting
back into it
I'm feeling the Brandt game again don't
fuck with me don't fuck with me you just
got me good I'm really gonna think you
get me good I'm gonna fuckin get you
better
no oh yeah yeah we all know that ain't
gonna happen oh yeah wouldn't maybe oh
no I just got you for the best prank
ever got on you I was about to cry dude
I was your bride I forget tears coming
down my fucking face this is not cool
the daily glass I gotta see this I'm
really sorry Bridget I'm sorry you're
I'm fine though
good I'm glad I got you good you got me
what
was a sound that what I threw that pick
the friggin old cat Michael you're
really really horrible for those I like
legit mascara this thing is so heavy it
really is it's like 150 pounds I don't
think people realize it safe me and
Bridget to both move this thing we need
to use in the art yeah like I when I got
it for you I had no idea it was gonna be
this big or heavy Jesus it's like hard
to use oh yeah P it was the same thing
when you go into relationship you didn't
think I would be this big or heavy shut
up
same thing plugs to you Wow well I got
ya let's feel my pants coming down it's
like for sure like these worth coming
all the way down because it was so heavy
well I got you you're horrible that was
horrible I never get to prank you
anymore I'm glad that I was able to not
gonna prank you anytime soon click like
if you may keep pranking Bridget come on
what don't do that what that's not cool
I think it's pretty cool I got you I can
never get you anymore and I got you you
got me well that's gonna be it for today
guys thanks for watching I had a pretty
good day prank Bridget just wanted to
prank her cuz we got a lot of packing
and stuff to do and I just want to go
ahead and do that oh you said about that
- no of course I hate when you leave
it's only for a week right it's only for
a week
well I got Bridget I got a good I liked
it I'm gonna have 9 days to think of a
revenge and I'll have 9 days to freaking
think of something better than I just
did to you I'm gonna get out of here
thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe favorite let me get you bitch
how'd you get blood on your cheek
I don't know
my biggest worry I think he knows where
is he what's the deal so because we were
coming left right I don't know he's such
a bad liar dude look at that
