what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here Fisher was here right there
and today I point you at point-point
fine
why that would just annoy me that one
that yours actually today is Wednesday
and today we just pranked you guys know
the audios not messed up sorry coach
Frank Joe today is Wednesday and today
we're gonna go to I can't talk today
today we're gonna go over to grandpa's
house today because I promised you guys
I would do a little bit of work so I see
apologize we have to go over there my
goal so try to make dad do everything
that he wants me to do well I show me
how to do bad so dad's gonna do some
work anyway
today's Wednesday forget the intro I'm
getting the Wednesday started right now
is it Wednesday
is it not Wednesday is it actually I
don't know
it's Wednesday maybe Tuesday no watch
total divas last night it's once a
today's Wednesday
so everything crap first of all I'm not
doing it to make up shit I don't care
about nothing I'm doing because yeah
everybody click like I want to see me do
some work well they got the ground let's
say you all one more man this thing go
war I'm gonna run over the house of your
movie don't roll up my damn hose turn
around for the other way
a lawnmower longboard me scissors you
have that riding lawnmower no booster
best mom or the real you can't a lot
more name again
you see
and then you go back watch it
I didn't see it you gonna show me again
where's that go all right
that Bernie Paraiba will keep showing me
oh no good well I don't get it show me
go blank this way and show hope you're
doing it you're gonna cut the goddamn
but just show me how it works
that dampe I'm watching give me the damn
thing okay let's go see ya you just cut
the damn grass it's already cut cuz mo
hey ma you doing a good job I'm proud of
you you ain't Protestant Daniel where's
the real lawnmower I don't have one yet
you have a riding one it's locked up in
the garage just cut the grass please oh
look at that
look up there look at there you do a
good job silly guy grass or what
I never agreed to this you have shame to
yourself aren't you yeah I'm very
ashamed cooking with gas
cut McGrath here show me yeah I think
I'm doing it wrong no what what my what
look fuck me
normal Oh Maura I didn't do that
look look you anger duty the female
couple grass for me
give me a real lawnmower I'll cut it
this thing is just stupid
this is a real online no one isn't well
you can even push it I can be the wooden
she's Christ where did you get that
thing out I born in New York stay inside
of $10 you gotta stop going through so
many yard sales never stop going to York
you're buying too much trash I don't
have enough I don't have enough
treasures yet they're not treasures
that's garbage there's treasure it's
garbage
they're my goddamn fucking treasures so
right now we're making some hot dogs the
first thing I'm gonna do I got I don't
know these are these are Black Forest
wieners whatever the fuck I'm dumping
them in some salt water damn it's hard
to do both these are film the same time
shit the fuck in there there we go
yes these hot dogs I am boiling right
now yeah it was hard to do this it's
hard to film me boil hot dogs at the
same time oh geez if you would have
waited I just had to take a major shit
just kidding
you are disgusting I joke I don't think
you did there's a pregnant what's that
smell okay what is that disgusting smell
okay liar oh it's coming from you I'm
just joking okay Bridget what's up then
what what happened there oh I cut my
finger opening a can of tomato paste
will see it no you
Oh gross the blood so anyway I didn't
want blood dripping in the chili oh yeah
that'd be nice
every prettiest obviously yeah that
would be chili turned out good if you
want the recipe for the chili the link
is below I did get this just in case it
fucked up luckily I didn't eat it
next step I'm draining the water off of
these hotdogs now that I took and taking
the water off of the hotdogs I'm gonna
saute them right here so they just sit
there and cook the rest of the way
almost like a grilled hot dogs on the
grill
anyway finger hurts I'm a finished
dinner we'll see you in just a minute
hey that wasn't a very annoying one
annoyed me bow-wow I can't grab the cam
okay got a hot dog got a little bit of
chili a little bit of mustard a little
bit of onion and something different I
don't have to make this so I bought it
pre-made touch of coleslaw now mind you
I hate mayonnaise fuck thinking with
this damn real funny this could be like
the biggest mistake I ever made or
hopefully it's good people say a triad
so here we go
cole slaw mustard chili and onions good
awesome chili dogs folks that's gonna be
it for today you guys thanks for
watching
long day try to do a little bit of yard
work with Grandpa didn't really work out
for me you guys click like cuz you
wanted me to do some yard work I didn't
do that much but you did some so I will
do more yard work for you guys dad I
couldn't I guess we didn't record it I
thought I was recording at the time
while I was doing a devil look could if
you like if you want Michael to do some
boy go or couldn't hold your I guess it
wasn't recording if you guys want to see
it click like it's grandpa's question
for the day if you want to see it I'll
do it
I don't wanna it's a lot of work but
there's no grass to cut
I'll cut this I'm saying there's no
grass hey I'm get out of here I got
annoyed for something get overwhelmed
with annoyance I'm gonna get out of here
hot dogs were good had a good day with
dad that's it
like/subscribe I was hoping you would
talk favorite yeah we do it
favorite favorite Oh favorite Bridget
west and that's it no less often have
them to follow me then follow hone
everything and then
trying to save you
throw away
not many of your mad for my city dinner
I'm not cleaning this driving Leonel
sorry
