this was the last time I ever make a
patty melt not so hard I'd rather just
go to Waffle House or something but it
was so good but it took like two hours
you know my house is better guys we're
going to Mexico the carpet smell I
actually spun this we call it garbage
smell why did you call it
what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here is he right there and today
is Thursday today is Thursday and guys
today right here at the beginning of the
video I am gonna have a throwback
Thursday story for you about the time
grandpa tried to pimp his own ride
you're gonna love it you guys it's a
totally humiliating story and that's
going to lead into big news that we have
for tomorrow so stay tuned we got a lot
of big stuff coming guys today it's
Thursday and today our last day before
we start our diets we're making patty
melts guys now here's the question I've
never had one before I never have either
but they look so good they look really
good we bought a magazine the other day
and had a patty melt on it we're like
you know what
for our final meal let's do patty mouths
yeah and like cheese fries I just called
the cheese fries gonna be a surprise
says cheese fries as well guys today is
our final meal patty melts patty melt
these are gonna be good I think they're
gonna be amazed eyes delicious meal
throwback Thursday
let's get this vlog started right here
at the beginning of the video you guys I
wanted to do a throwback story throwback
Thursday you guys a few minutes ago me
and Bridget were talkin and she reminded
me about was it last year two years ago
when was this when he had that gold band
wasn't it yeah so grandpa had that gold
Town & Country van and he comes up to
say I'm a pain in my and I walk in and
he's got these buckets of paint hey I'm
with up a nearby disaster who's like you
can't do that that's not how painting
vehicles works and so we were laughing
about that and then it reminded me yo
he's done this before it was not the
first time grandpa had painted his own
vehicle so I want to take you back on a
little trip to about 2001 now grandpa
had apparently seen a show where they
took a piece of crap vehicle and they
remodeled it into something badass he
was big on HGTV and The Learning Channel
this was way before pet my ride shows
like that were out guys he was obsessed
with what they did he was like my guy
you won't believe
how good his car looked when he was done
with it Bo and they only put about five
hundred bucks into it I'm like there's
no way right but he was obsessed and he
wanted to do it so he goes to the
junkyard now the first step is he sells
our car so he he sold our car so he can
buy a car from the junkyard and it was
this van and it wasn't working I didn't
run like how we're gonna go places we
don't have a car now mom has to go to
work
Oh figured I'll get Howie over there
he'll fix the engine so we had a friend
come over he fixes the engine the car
can run now dad's decides to start going
to the overhaul process so here it's the
seats out of the van he rips the
carpeting out of the van he rips the
interior until the inside is just a
metal shell that you sit in next thing
he does seals off the windows and I
don't know why I did that
I'll be honest with you guys he takes
the windows I think he put cardboard
over and then he put like some sort of
like cream over that and now the van was
just like with long story short he
paints the van himself primer gray and
then he gave up he gave up he painted
our van there was no seats inside there
was no interior inside there was nothing
inside and then he paints it primer gray
and there's no windows it looks like a
prison van the only thing that's missing
is free candy written on the side he
feels like this van was a hunk of crap
and it was our car and dad gave up his
there to ha buy this damn I didn't fit
you one another the way many clothes the
beginning isn't I'm done with this mag
so for a year our car was a primer gray
van with no windows or interior so if we
wanted to go places we sat on milk
crates and buckets and the backs or send
their whole this Virginia we're sitting
in the back light
like dude this was guys ask him to tell
you more about the sword because she was
involved with the painting process of
this I was just watching I always had
anxiety my dad wanted to do house
repairs this was one of those times and
I'm like what is he thinking you can't
paint your own van and he did and it was
our van more than a year actually was
like two and a half years that was our
thing
I didn't go to school in that thing I
feel like you need to
it had to be legal right I would think I
think away from wait a minute I think he
wanted to turn into an ice-cream van I
think that might be what was happening
yeah my we could sell ice cream he's
dead it didn't work that way so guys
that's the story the time dad wanted to
paint our own van and turn it into maybe
an ice cream truck I don't know now if
you're wondering the reason why I'm
telling you this story well tomorrow is
a brand-new angry grandpa video on the
angry grandpa show channel where he
flips out because they didn't give him
the right paint to paint his Porsche now
here's a preview mind you the video
rendering qualities for this video and
that video are different so it's gonna
look a little different it's gonna look
weird and it might have lines through it
it won't tomorrow when I upload it but
guys check this out here's a preview
that's the throwback store you guys dad
has always had like an issue with paint
and painting things and this was no
different guys it's time to cook we're
making patty melts it's time for a
little bit of cooking
cooking for the last time don't say it
the last cooking ball and we're eating
onion guys today we're having just
onions this basically are you gonna do
is cook them down that's dinner that's
it for today no guys we're making patty
Mouse in the first step to a good patty
melt is a good caramelized onion and I
didn't want to show me cooking because
it's long so instead the recipes over my
face that's how you caramelize onions
whoa babe time to get our meat ready you
guys starting up with a ground chuck
salt pepper onion powder and whooshes
you're you're sure for while were shy or
something sauce wonderly mix it in good
you guys want to taste that work sure
sure you want to taste all these
seasonings look at this guy
you're gonna patty up a burger then
you're gonna gently rest it in the pan
be gentle bye guys
well I'm about to do with the cardinal
sin on burger if you do it later you do
it now flattening it out will help safe
it but do not do it again after this cuz
you'll squeeze the juice out and ruin it
that's it I'm done done flattening it in
the burgers time to that's it you guys
man oh my god
I don't play the food as my last meal
all right Gina I'm just gonna patty a
couple these up and then we're gonna
cook them guys this is coming together
good it's gonna be a good dinner I think
it is don't film that it's Nico Nicko's
kitchen call me oh this has been a
process and a half I know I feel like
we're never making them ever again
they better be real good starting off
guys we've got a little bit of secret
sauce this is mayonnaise ketchup relish
and Bridget added some seasonings to
that yeah so there we go a little bit of
secret sauce hey is my cheese eat the
cheese
guys you can't have that okay all right
I'll do this with this over here
becoming an issue okay
secret sauce now then a little bit of
caramelized onion it's gonna go right on
top of that oh yeah Bridget's good so so
much caramelized onion and now is like
so little right it's so weird you're
gonna add your burger oh I messed up you
can add your cheese layer on top of that
burger on top of that cheese layer on
top of that oh my god secret sauce on
that and my friends that is our patty
melt then we were like oh man there's
that you guys okay next up we're gonna
do a leaf or grilled cheese hmm
and that's it we'll be right back my
foot bit did I tell everybody what the
cheese's were I don't think so guys I
don't think I did
top the the cheese that I got on the top
of bottom is medium cheddar and Swiss
those are the cheese's I got confused
there's so much damn work going on to
this sandwich I know my goodness
I think it's time to finally flip
hopefully not I'm gonna flip oh yes oh
my gosh this is coming together good
patty melt
all right oh my gosh I'm just gonna cut
into this down the side
oh man superb this is this thing is so
hard to make her job yeah it really is a
candor cut into other side enough God
Jesus folks I'm never making us again
know how good it is I'll just go to
Waffle House alright we've done that gee
whiz oh yeah hmm I mean it looks good
the core is now we're gonna take some
french fries and we'll throw those down
and for the fruits fries we made a
little special ingredients Oh watch this
this is gonna be like a gravy like
whenever I do gravy
I had flour add butter you whisk bat
into a roux and then you do whatever is
next slowly start adding some heavy
cream you guys and whisk it add heavy
cream whisk it the idea is to get all
these clumps out and it's gonna be like
a process so you gonna do it slowly then
you'll be ready for the next step which
is for now you're just making up
buttermilk like weird real pudding
butter milk pudding butter pudding
mmm this is a mixture of Vermont cheddar
and aged Havarti and I'm just gonna drop
it in there like that
looks like fondue oh my gosh it's so
cool this whole process you guys is
where it goes from like a gravy into a
veg of Mel yeah oh my gosh she's fries
okay here it is Bridget okay finally
time to take a bite of this thing I mean
I hope it's good mmm it's great yeah but
final meal great oh there we go
and very god that's very good right it's
a final meal good no it's good though
we're hearing something else I don't
want this to sidetrack or distract
anybody from thinking that they want to
make this burger if you want to make a
patty melt at home please do it's a very
good what I recommend not making it what
is delicious it's very good but look at
the mess look at the okay it's very
messy guys look at this this is like
it's too much mess okay I get it it's a
very messy burger very messy kitchen but
it was good was it good or not so many
dishes was it good or not now you're
making me feel like an ass this is okay
we got a dish for the bechamel you got
that you got cheese sauce I wasn't
trying to be fancy you're trying to be
okay for the cheese this dog
okay we need to chill out for just a
minute okay I don't want this just like
you can make this burger at home I don't
want to cook ever again and it's very
delicious she's making me mad it's a
very good burger
it's delicious if you want to make it
you've got the time to make it make it
and you'll probably like it as for us
we're fine then something else was it
Pizza probably Mexican food and we're
never cooking this ever again this is
the last time I ever make a patty about
you know so hard I'd rather just go to
Waffle House or something but it was so
good but it took like two hours you know
Waffle House is better don't you say it
it probably is mine was a good one it
was good but Michael whenever you see
this from it makes it less good now it's
garbage okay that's it guys we're going
to Mexico
I actually spun this we call the garbage
smell what did you call it a garbage
smell I'm spinning the camera now can I
spin the camera yeah a garbage smell
okay was a garbage smelt can I should I
call the ball the garbage melt I don't
know guys we're going to eat Mexican
this is way better than your garbage
melts okay no no number one it's not a
garbage you don't spin it you know I
want to just say for the record and I
mean this wholeheartedly the burger was
delicious yeah it was great it was just
garbage I don't understand what you mean
by that it means it took so long to make
I hated it
it made the biggest mess guys if you're
wondering why we're doing this part out
here we use don't want to go in the
house right now
this is such a big mess I don't want to
see inside I forgot what it looked like
let's go find out it stinks dude it
smells so bad in here come on how about
I gonna take a shower when I come back
this I'll be done and clean as though
I'm leaving no for good you will leave
me over the kitchen yes I'm done with
this
come on I gotta get something you don't
mean clean I'm getting stuff oh my god
okay you clean I'll make brownies done
oh how easy it is for her to be like bye
bye I've done with you over this kitchen
Shh it's a Mexican food meet my ass like
I want to get out of this damn house it
goes better than this damn house I don't
I'm trying to freshen it up wearing the
thurible dumb guys the house stunk so
I'm trying to make a smell a little
better in here Oh what that's not true
don't even
50 light did you turn the fan on stink
I'm just ready to stop having mess
Michael I'm going to hotel you coming
yes well that's gonna be it for today
you guys thanks for watching
did a little throwback story did a
little bit of cooking cooking didn't
work out the way warned it was too much
more went to Mexican it was a so much to
work okay guys it's like I don't think I
was very specific the patty mount was
great but it was so much work didn't you
enjoy it it took like two hours to make
that thing you guys like it was
ridiculously long yeah by the way if
you're wondering did I get my brownie oh
yeah Oh
delicious guys gonna be getting out of
here thanks for watching hope you
enjoyed the story hope you enjoyed the
vlog the patty melt like I said it's a
lot of work if you want to do it go
ahead but just be prepared to be there
for a while yes it was late it's too
much guys god I was done with it like by
the time like I'm sort of grilling I was
like this is just no I was just done
with it you know after the I say I was
beginning
guys I'm give me a minute well that's
how you caramelize onions I'm doing out
of here thanks for watching you guys
like subscribe favorite fun everything
for to us and that's it I love you guys
so much tomorrow's the P day
getting nothing
