what's going on you guys Kip be on a
camera here for Joe us here right there
and today Tuesday Tuesday I'm losing
track of my days
today is Tuesday and today I'm cooking
dinner you're cooking I'm cooking
Brenda's cooking if you haven't seen the
video that I put up yesterday grandpa
came over and basically apologized link
is below actually I already said that
link is at the end of the video and
below in below both you would below the
video it'll say yesterday with a link
that's this video he came over he
practically apologized and I'm still
confused about it I still don't know
what to make of it I don't get it
I don't either it is what it is I mean
he's accepting our company right now
we'll take it I do got some prank plans
coming up for angry grandpa oh yeah oh
yeah I'm real come home I don't like how
excited you're being I know it seems
like you're taking the window off of you
for some dude no he is pissed me off far
too much lately you know so grab the
camera out of my hand first of all first
of all today is Tuesday today bridge is
cooking for me too damn confused today
that's it eating the tree hello I can't
do that hey sweetie can we keep our
trees I like a little bush it in there
that dinosaur that cool what you bill
No
and she tickle stick and she's gone with
it dude she's like a little dinosaur oh
the good part melted yeah I agree
you see her walking off with a stick
let's get this Tuesday started Michael
come on please throw it out I don't want
to eat those but you have to stop dude
why are you filming this because we vlog
you want to let everyone know you fucked
up dinner okay look gadget I fucked up
okay I mean caught you want to film this
bridgie decided to make a broccoli
chicken shit and she added water and
frozen vegetables and it was undercooked
and I tried to be positive about it but
you've been bitching at me for trying to
save your fuckup just throw out stop
dude it'll be fine dude it'll be fine
well you know where rice don't even tell
Michael stop come on you got to get out
of my face with this shit dude I'm
trying to save your dinner please oh
just throw it away
yeah no I'm not now you go to your mess
over my city dinner I'm not cleaning
this I'm trying to clean it now I'm
sorry
fucking reject it did they don't try to
make you feel good about this shit for
20 minutes and you're bitchy got me like
a baby food you really think that's
gonna make me feel better
god I'll get it dude move what is my the
fridge I don't know like wires and shit
Oh
stop filming this dude this is some
bullshit by you I didn't do this
don't blame me for the shit you do this
is embarrassing this is even worse I'm
never cooking again
Bridget it was fine it would have been
fine if you wouldn't yeah dinners ruined
we don't have dinner tonight
I was trying to tell you what was good
you spit it out
Ben burned my mouth we added frozen
vegetables to it and that kept it cold
and kept it from cooking and boiling it
so we learn oh you got a key don't
trying to do with your don't try to do a
dad does dude dad gets pissed off and
tried to Oh loop my god farted cuz he
wants people to laugh instead of call
him on his bullshit no where's don't you
dare call me out again
fuck this clean this shit up Michael
another clean this please clean it just
quit deflecting I think an ability to
throw in the pan I can't make I can't
try to laugh at this are you serious now
I can even joke with you anymore what
kind of relationship do we absolution
because we both talked about the dad's
bullshit when he does that dad fucks up
and he deflects from the issues by
making jokes and changing the subject I
just scary yell yeah it's stupid I don't
know to lighten up the mood I'm never
cooking again yes you are no I'm not
either so I don't know how to cook so
yeah it tasted fine really this is red
all over the place whose sunny bar fell
over the fridge beginning I'm not
embarrassed thank you
fucking pan of chicken broccoli and I
was going to see that I feel a little
unfair I'm very embarrassed you know we
made fun of for this now
hey well you know what it's okay uh
maybe son of Tibble you know this makes
you've gotten worse so we're out of
chicken and they're out of chicken oh my
gosh I'm sorry what are we gonna do for
that let's just wait a happy we're gonna
have to lose it today we raft enough
come on Michael well I hate that cereal
it is so nasty so because you hate
something see that's a sign you
shouldn't have it no it's a sign that
you're trying to make it just out of my
grips I got okay so you're giving
Cheerios you can pops and smacks um
those are all nasty cereal I'm reloading
the cabinet filled with serialisation
but Cheers nasty you like it I can't get
it of course you can get it I'm just sir
look I got those those are good you like
those too right I don't oh I hate them
one little gleam of flavor like dusted
over it in that place that's Laver sure
I don't think well I got this one okay
that I accept that one is delicious
I think that when I fully accept and O's
I like oohs you didn't give him I don't
know I don't think we have room for OHS
ours are cabinet filled up again yes
you're only getting cereal with the
biggest boxes well I only want the
biggest boxes of cereal somebody
youtubers no we don't do you to know I'm
sleepy
oh yeah this is where we go there's a
place well I was happy to see because we
were visiting with only one more day
here
Oh were you from Jersey you wanted for
filming at all you know New Jersey right
that's really cool so we just came to
visit
yeah you guys live around me chocolates
right what Jack and I just lives over in
Jersey
oh no we haven't seen it you member that
is he's like he's kind of like me is
that like he his dad like ran over his
video games will ago like like a lot
more or something well he lives in your
area yeah yes psycho dad psycho dad yeah
he lives by you guys I appreciate it
buddy nice to meet you I'm glad you got
to come see us nice to meet your kid not
okay
nice to meet you no you're not yes yes
No hey this is no yeah no you're not
1313 you play football or something dude
you got it up north everyone crystal I
may not hear you bring all the crap here
13 that's crazy that was my cousin oh
wow Jesus I thought you're like 18 i
yeah i did cool how do you okay I got a
couple looks good I was holding him yeah
yeah they make it ruins the flavors like
that right tell me my cousin well we're
home and I thought I'd show you guys
that it was clean just in case cuz I
didn't show you guys yet it's clean get
a throw it away
Bridget I'm sorry are you still mad at
me no I'm sorry that I threw the food I
really didn't mean that well I'm gonna
get out of here thanks for watching you
guys
oh good day shitty day Bridget I'm sorry
that I made it a shit he did my phone
your food I feel really bad about it you
were driving me crazy really yelling
because I was trying to take a bite at
it was very stressful the food tasted
fine though I just throw it I died
through because you were yelling at me
you're going just that away and it
pissed me off - I apologize well I'm
sorry for yelling I'm gonna get out of
here thanks for watching you guys seen
better days
I want people oh I do too screw this
it was nice running into some of the
young ends at Tarr
you guys were awesome we talked for
about ten minutes I had to cut a lot of
it out you know yeah we talked for a
while we didn't film it all but it was
really cool to see you guys you know
have a safe trip back to New Jersey
maybe say hello to mcjuggernuggets if
you run into him so I'm gonna get out of
here thanks for watching you guys
like subscribe favorite fun on
everything Bridget last madami no that's
it guys
that was it
all not everything what is it why don't
you come out five watches I know that
seems like an olive branch and all no
Street in place
no he feels bad fortune lasagna huh
they want you my help you know you feel
bad baby you let you eat here you see we
don't leave here with you I yeah I feel
bad enough
