what's going on you guys get me on a
camera here for jaws 2 year right there
and today is Monday and today that is
the last time you interrupt me while
doing an intro first of all this is like
the 30th time we've tried to do this
intro like we've done it out here we've
done it in there we just cannot seem
techno this is a piece
no this is alternate take number like 10
from it I deleted the others by the way
so there are no there's no proof of you
just say if you have a camera here and I
say bridge of us here and today because
we're arguing and shit in it I don't
know we're fighting and shit take a look
at this this is a part of the other
entry what's going on right now what did
I do this time do an intro right now
because we're fighting so what why can't
I just do anything why can't I break in
the fuck yeah keep talking shit I'm not
recording now say what you said I'd say
nothing
oh yeah why did you call me a fat ass I
did not you knew I was recording today
is Monday and if you haven't seen the
vlog we put up yesterday was that your
attempt of scaring me yes Here I am
sitting still didn't work this night I
just already for you to go to New York
because you couldn't break me because I
think this can't rise I'm just tired of
you right now you're not cool anymore
Jesus Christ oh I'll have that beestings
you today is Monday and today we're not
doing nothing pologize okay I cannot do
the intro at all
what is going on dude what am i
apologizing for her being mean to me all
day cuz of your dad okay I've been a bad
mood yeah look I don't want to do this
anymore if you haven't seen the video we
did yesterday grandpa flipped out I'm
not going to his house for Sunday dinner
no more that's how that is whatever
you're starting arguments now I don't
want to do this anymore
that's not we were fighting earlier
while we couldn't do the other intro you
totally started all of that let's get
this Monday started I woke up let's get
this Monday started making me shut your
mouth he kind of great bad enough well
it's time for pro rough I don't like I
need a satisfying slap just throw in the
trash I can't get a satisfying sliding
miss bottoms it's time for pro wrestling
great and if you don't know this is
definitely smaller watch look at it good
last month it was too big to fit in the
mailbox this time it just slid right in
so first thing I'm gonna do is put the
shirts and there's two shirt okay first
things first this is a Shawn Michaels
air freshener I've got the cool oxide
that is with you with the smells like
orange maybe you smelt some of you Death
Valley
looks like it's either a pallbearer or
the undertaker keychain that's so cool I
like it actually use it am I you just
put on your luggage it's like a CD for
Russell our themes that's pretty cool
it's really cute actually alright let's
take a look at the first shirt okay
looks like it is a shirt for
Wrestlemania 3 Andre the Giant versus
Hulk Hogan and the Pontiac Silverdome
cool cool this is definite about in last
month's yeh gray and the other shirt oh
very cool icon vs. icon the rock versus
Hulk Hogan WrestleMania 18 I like that
so that's our Russell Craven got two
sharks
we got the CD we got the stick up for
the window we got the air freshener and
the keychain a lot better than last
month I agree I guess our dinner tom
folks right now I have to cover a piece
of chicken with plastic to keep it safe
and I've pound
and cutting that bitch in half and we've
got two pieces of chicken so we are
going to be doing brown in the bags
something else me and Bridget like to do
not everybody does this we cut out the
little blood vessels we find them
repulsive Oh guys I know we trim our
chicken found it flat and then I'll tell
you what to do that will be bad look for
my face and put my face
we'll be back bad guys now that we've
done that we're gonna season it up
starting off with some of this Olive
Garden clear up you bastard can you
clean her up please garlic and herb
seasoning mix and I promise you that's
not a plug for Olive Garden okay a
little bit of that a little bit of onion
powder and a little bit of this mrs. -
assault free table blend I don't know
what is in this but I'm adding it and
I'm just gonna go ahead and mix these up
cover them with seasonings okay now we
take this chicken and we add it with
sweet peas and carrots that's just a can
of sweet peas and carrots folks well
last time I did that somebody was like
that's why you're gaining weight because
your cans up vegetables now purge which
gives the McDonald's so we have the
chicken and I'm add a can of cream of
chicken overall that keep up calls in it
oh you got calls in the bag coals holes
yeah well okay I'm so get it here Wow do
you think that's amazing
no they camera no no for sure no I'll
look in there so this what it looks like
folks all right let's take a look
whoa smells good
an immediate glass fog up there all
right can i fuck off a cutting
everything I know I don't know I might
oh come on Michael don't screw up dinner
now oh my gosh yes
all right we're good so much in the bag
still not losing all his flavor
okay look at so good we'll point where
he'll yeah so I got rice covered in that
mixture with the cream of chicken the
sweet peas in the corn on the corn
little carrots
we got chicken this whole play is 800
calories oh yeah I my hands burn looks
so good it smells so good that's good
what is that well I don't what you come
my house Bob Rogers on now hold on that
seems like an olive branch and all but
no Street he poisoned them nobody plays
dead he feels bad Bridgeton lasagna huh
hey won't you my how to get it now you
feel bad baby you look here you leave
here with you oh yeah yeah I feel bad
but nothing you feel bad you through the
dinner out bullshit I killed well he
feels bad about tossing your plate I
think cuz that was actually sad no
really was that was sad for fun tells
and Charlie's yeah I was fun to watch
white fun to watch mine on the floor no
sad you don't need to eat anyway
hey I'm trying to lose weight okay well
if you mean either why would you bring
me a Biddle's on you I told you it's
poisoned it's good pill did you her
you're leaving already
yeah there you go he just walked in and
he's leaving I got to go I got things to
do well I appreciate the lasagna Bhagyam
hugs what let me get richer before that
give me I Love You Man sir is everything
good again no no no don't be goddamned
watch it yeah he's leaving
you just you take a bite of it at least
I'll give you tonight right yeah you go
be he'll be berry trees he is out you
date on them that's wrong going berry
trees oh man that's good that's real
good
where's that creamy oh man I don't
divulge my secrets just enjoy I enjoy Oh
No all right buddy man sorry - Barbara I
better um no can I come by lower no I
figured I wasn't meaning you come over
I'll take it I'll take it
I'll be really you for a week shit I'm
gonna enjoy that week well thanks for
those Einar you work Barbara did you get
Emma hey she won't have ever been any of
it
so I do not know what to make of that
I don't either that was weird
so he has spent the past week telling me
he doesn't want me to come over he hate
to me I think he feels bad I think so
too I really think he feels bad for
doing that like you don't just slap a
plate out of someone's hands like that I
think I think he thought about it he
brought over lasagna and basically
apologized yeah that was definitely an
apology like he will never say the words
I'm sorry Mike I love you that was
basically that was yeah he gave you a
hug yeah he did yeah this is weird I
don't know what to make of this suit I
guess we could buy polar yeah yeah he's
a little off whatever I don't want to
make of it dad was just here brought me
food apologized hugged me so we can go
over I guess I guess so he says no but
come on he came over here he was
friendly maybe we shouldn't go over
until after Russell
your name
oh you've goddamn that you made
