what's going on you guys get beyond the
camera here
vigilance here right there and today
yeah yes Friday
you have to say the day you better say
something one today is Friday and today
what it's for I day why do you always
have to use that poop like it's fuck
stop saying it it's fuck okay thank you
she's saying it's fuck Friday the day
that we fuck anyway I wanted right in
the intro you've discussed it you know
you're ready to go upstairs in no I know
man I never the poop that's it I'm
getting today is Friday we're going over
to grandpa's we're gonna fuck God stop
it
I don't like talking just disgusting on
the ball okay anyway I must Freddie yes
dope let's get this Friday started don't
say fuck style hey Chucky did you hear
that
it's fucked a Friday and I think it's
your lucky day
No did you miss me Bridget I sure missed
you keep going he's a little shove that
inside you okay that's enough yeah he
wants to fuck me Friday - ah sorry Chuck
what damage and I call you know what you
call what is that you don't - no you did
you know you did it
you ain't going back why you got white
you left for what happened in there
you you broke my goddamn feet get out of
here back up do that by bagging no you
ain't getting back you're pissing me off
that oh well it's a light I want to see
what's going on you groaning you want to
know what you did so you brake you try
to blame me
no you think you're gonna get me what in
the hell happened here that won't get me
to ask you why how did you do I'm not
gonna let it get it let me take a guess
you got pissed off and oh I did not yep
why would I care about house I never
taught my house Bridget look at this
heel Union
what did you do Michael so how you fix
this
he's trying to blame you how I done it
you gonna find a repairman over here are
you good at it
should you even have the light turned on
no but I got a lead on oh you know you
gotta get a big break yeah I understand
it's gonna I got shot you what you're
gonna get shocked or something what are
you doing did this dangerous cvz he's
playing like a freaking kid then mom
okay see this is your hair about up you
fuck would you do that just tell me I
won't be playing guys I'll get it fixed
mother you know how you did it first I
didn't do it then it just fell yeah look
okay you're embarrassed cuz you broke
the shit my left huh have you all new
spot
hi okay I'm gonna fucking leave good I'm
ready to praise be the Lord get out I
haven't even seen your stove and fridge
yet you ain't going to you didn't Bob
I'm right here looking at a mile so I
bought so if I did I could see them so
you know yet you going you can look out
fuck this because of that you're not
invited to Sunday dinner what I'm doing
Sonny dinner starting Sunday then I'm
coming over
you're not invited we're coming over you
wouldn't know you can't even got it you
gain nothing cook on a stove and you
can't never come out a frigerator I'm
being able to be here at you're not
chill the hell out know me you ate eat
that my bridge waiter no $80.00 scope
let me tell you something
you better fucking have that fixed you
better have that fig you broke what I do
what I do
call Jennifer and get Jamie over here to
fix it you go charging you know just
tell me how you did it I didn't do it
okay
I'd like to know what happened then and
I'll do it
new goddamn that I don't have yet the
brothers got Nancy come on
vote out I don't like how expose the day
I can show that what you don't even show
that I've coded you showed right there
their lunch on the wire right there
looks like it's ready to freaking spark
when I run out there home you better
calm okay dude you you know what a treat
yourself I'm very happy about it
you destroyed those I enjoy that Oh God
stop yelling some way try not killing me
it's not an accusation just ask no
that's a B definitely didn't know what
that app you don't know why I wore this
doesn't accutane I'll give you that what
garbage whoa no I'm gonna take it off
why because you're being rude us but I
hear neither Kenneth I'm not taking it
off better not go ahead let it go
no what kind of baby you broke the
fucking my tie game breaker guy yeah you
did
why did you do it here's what he used I
didn't know anybody did so what did you
do with this thing to break it
I dunno it's perfect he did yeah you
thought you I weren't I didn't do it I
feel like we gotta get Jamie I'm here to
fix it real quick calm
Oh
this end can't be fixed just what the
hell were you thinking I'll make that
laughing damn Mike what do you do this
how you do it I'm not talking about that
I'm talking about deflecting from the
issue by changing the subject cuz you
don't want to talk about it anymore
oh it's like the other day I farted
you're trying to ignore the fuckin fact
that you broke those ng t night she's
doing again what you quit deflecting
he's just embarrassed cuz he broke it
yeah see ya I'll start smoking them
again what happened you rolling your own
damn cigarettes shake too much that's
nothing gorgeous o thing one what
I'm embarrassed why personal off the
belt was undone because we just had
dinner 9 - oh are you doing you mean
it's actually fuck Friday so your mom's
right there huh I don't know why I don't
think you brought me uh I kinda don't
either
that's really funny meddling with um my
guests maybe was like hanging a pot and
he knocked into it and it fell when I
was he was trying to blame me because he
was too embarrassed to admit it was him
yeah I you know honest to god I feel
like it just naturally fell maybe it
wasn't gluten right we shouldn't be
glued anyway I think it was glued or
stick eat or something
well we fucked up after like a wooden
board and not just that um oh Lord
maybe it's not just supposed to go
straight through particle board it's not
strong enough
Oh Lula I know he didn't do it that was
just really funny messin with how he was
blaming me I didn't like no got your
footage that's why I was messing with
the music of blaming I was like are you
kidding me right now I don't know what
to make about it was so funny
yeah what Michael hey damn dude yeah
that's gonna be a pretty day you guys
thanks for watching dad so bad this was
so funny not mad you seem a little
uptight like that we'll make up your ass
I am just Cindy hey Cindy you will do
something about your daughter what do
you want me to do with her I don't know
take her home I am home Johnny's home
Cindy tell she got it in her house yeah
don't listen to what your mom says it
isn't Michael you even know we've lived
here together we used to until this
moment
now you're gonna hold your mom and you
live in your old bedroom and things
would be like it used to be no sorry
baby she's yours no way to make you feel
like a burden you're burning on both of
us no not really
of course you're not a burden on your
mom like subscribe favorite and not a
burden for just you or no no I'm not I'm
father Michael don't say that don't
another burden
I was fading out at that moment that was
the fade out mowing the lawn leave
you're making me feel like a burden I
mean if you want to oh really
so I decided to take one beef and
cabbage to school for my lunch the next
game can I take corn BB oh my god dude
cool beef again
you take some I don't know a woman corn
beef cabbage I took you to school the
next day from one she was at a tough of
our container
I had it sitting in my book bag
