what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here vigilant here right there
and today it's Thursday and today is st.
Patrick's Day there's great don't pinch
me again it's green today it's a no
cowboy for god sakes man today is st.
Patrick's Day and today it reminds me of
what I used to say when I was in school
people I wouldn't wear green because I'm
fat kids don't do great it doesn't
matter that I'm wearing green you stop
it I just want that's you look I got an
anger problem
I admit it you know what it's gonna
spread to me and I'm gonna get really
angry with you and a please stop I'm
just saying maybe you shouldn't you give
me a reason to snap I was just playing
with you and pinching you so I might
fight you got real mad they were fun I
didn't get real mad you're not cool you
don't like it anyway
forget it let's get this Thursday
started st. Patrick's Day style pinching
you style happy st. Patrick's Day
Oh so I've been ordering myself some new
clothes so I can have new things to wear
to Dallas for Wrestlemania and I got a
pair of pants this is unbelievable dude
look at this hey jailbird
first of all are these like maternity
pants oh my gosh no Mike or not right no
they don't make maternity pants for men
so anyway I was trying to that's true I
was like why can't I button it it's not
buttoning because there's no sweat look
do you see that they didn't cut where
the button goes do that is ridiculous
one big hole I was trying to go strong
under it jeans come on man come on baby
damn so we made this big chicken bag
baked wheat chicken in a bag I bet I've
made it with squash and seasonings see
how it turned out
it smells so good we also made some
cauliflower mashed potato they have this
I just noticed cauliflower crumbles and
all you have do is microwave it how easy
seriously add a little beef bouillon
cube and some onion powder and garlic
powder and it's he's just like mashed
potatoes yeah it's really really good
you know okay here's what we got
cauliflower mashed potatoes chicken with
squash and seasoning and creamed spinach
I got some of the squash juice going
over the cauliflower mash get this we
tallied up all the calories 517 yeah
517 calories in this whole plate of food
what that's pretty awesome yeah Jesus
Christ Brigitte look at this I've had it
with pollen can belly even be out of
this well you breathing in pollen right
now yeah okay Bella oh yeah we still got
the broken chair yeah it's just you know
chillin so before I got out of here I
wanted to tell you guys a throwback
story and I thought what better story to
tell for throwback Thursday than a st.
Patrick's Day story in an embarrassing
st. Patrick's Day story I told Bridget
knows the story this is humiliating so I
was in the fifth grade and the night
before I was going to school the next
day dad made corned beef and cabbage for
dinner and by the time I'd never had
corned beef and cabbage but I tried it
and I liked it it was good oh I love
corned beef and cabbage Oh weird ass
fifth grader man yeah al I loved corned
beef and cabbage Michael what is your
favorite food corned beef and cabbage no
so I decided to take corned beef and
cabbage to school for my lunch the next
day
can I take corned beef let's go my god
they're gonna be for cabbage you take
some of it I don't know I wanted corned
beef cabbage
I took it to school the next day for
lunch it was at a Tupperware container
I had it sitting in my book bag
and at some point during the day the
teachers teaching everyone's doing their
own thing the whole classroom just
starts to stink now I'm used to thinking
back then I was a stinky little kid you
know I was a stinking a little shit but
that room smelled like fart and it was
coming from me everyone's looking it's
coming from over here
my teachers like confused what is that
smell oh we gotta find where this is
coming money guy so now the whole
classroom is looking around and I'm
looking around too because I don't know
what's coming from me and of course
comes to me it's coming from Michael I
smelled like fart in school okay it was
coming from my book bag the corned beef
and cabbage had busted open in the
leaked everywhere there was corned beef
and cabbage all in my book bag all my
books and my notebooks and my freakin
papers and everything like God and and I
open it up dude was like opening a tomb
just fuckin pure corned beef and cabbage
and it stunk and since then I have not
been able to eat corned beef and cabbage
I don't like I don't know if I ever did
like it maybe was just like a momentary
phase oh my it's your favorite food ever
don't you pretend like I've eaten corned
beef and cabbage you know you like sour
nasty bitch you like something frelling
sorry girl
you smell like corned beef and cabbage
okay that's the story I'm gonna tell you
a quick story I took corned beef cabbage
to school it stunk up the whole
classroom and everybody knew was so sad
I feel so bad for you I wonder where
people called me cabbage boy fuck pickle
boy I was cabbage kid I was the Cabbage
Patch Kid oh man that's the story for
you man I'm gonna get out of here thanks
for watching you guys wait I want you to
get your money I'm wearing green I'm
gonna pitch you a joke no like subscribe
favorite if I meant everything virtuous
and kids if you decide to take corned
beef and cabbage to school tomorrow
make sure it's sealed ma'am just don't
take that to school hey if somebody
wants to take home beef and cabbage to
school let them just make sure - now
it's probably gonna stake when you open
in the lunchroom I don't know
don't take corned beef cabbage to school
don't corned beef and Kappa don't do it
well you like corned beef and cabbage
lazy Clyde Kobe's new cabbage is still
real food right Clyde conducts eat
corned beef and cabbage ape shit over
here
you good Dale that's gonna be it for
today you guys thanks for watching
ha corned beef cabbage kid behind the
camera here no come on don't put the
corn that's why you're so sad about
grand fucking you out because that's the
favorite thing you make what-what-what
is this favorite meal guys for Jacob
swear your mom's life in an afterlife
that's my favorite food just say it just
say it so you're also going after life
exactly now you are another truth
Bridget's favourite meals sauerkraut
packed into an Indian like subscribe
favorite fun everything for Joe West and
that's it wait what
give me a kiss hopefully - pinch me
although I'm wearing green
probably no you want to tell me how
stupid you get us builder yeah that's
good don't you what you think we do and
I've got here a pretty beat okay I'm
gonna head you
