what's going on you guys get covered in
pollen behind the camera here
vigilance here and today I'm gonna take
a shower because we're covered in pollen
and because I think that too but I
wasn't gonna say it so today is Tuesday
and today we're also going to grandpa's
why do we gotta keep going full Shannon
well so taking what I'm trying to say
today we're going over to grandpa's
house today is Tuesday and today pollen
season is in full effect
oh geez I'm so terrified of them like
I'm just so scared of them dude all they
do is I feel like this is the worst
pollen season yet we were at the gas
station earlier there was a guy with
like a freaking water thing spraying the
pollen it was like a green cloud oh guys
talk about an allergy cloud that Ramson
definitely analogy let's just walk
outside real quick this was wiped off
yesterday and now you probably can't see
it now how about now
Michael Lord Jesus stuff look at your
hat is yellow dude I left my hat out
last night you can't even use it oh my
god what the fuck
Oh so anyway that's what's going on with
a pollen we're loaded with pollen I
don't know we can just sure cuz I was
out some for two seconds yeah and that's
why yellow maybe we shouldn't wear black
this spring I can't pull off white I
can't either
i'ma have to pull off a pollen covered
sure cuz I can't pull off colors so my
car is yellow to forget this dude let's
get this day started I'm tired of
dealing with it pollen you suck allergy
style we're going over grandpa's yes
dude y'all working y'all's ass off over
here huh cuz you won't harder buddy yo
come on dude
I told you chief I told you I had to
argue with you on this one
I ain't even gonna begin to argue with
you on this what's for dinner and huh no
bug am I gonna cook it yeah the girl how
am I gonna cool you gotta get all you
got a cooler you have that many fresh in
your bedroom and a grill yeah sure let
me get somebody out here to do this for
you won't you do it how about I get some
out here to do it for you well you do I
like to you work what are you even doing
what does LZ Mike work like nothing all
right you go shit to me like stuff that
ain't fucking right that's really not
cool i'ma have to bust my ass on a log
here soon
that's just cold and calculators what
that was what do you is this why you
just rubbing dirt all over your ground
lean on I want to know what you're doing
all right we're ready to swing to the
truck I don't want some truck naman so
you want to go to a mud bath nobody
graduate Mr Dan you asked a lot of
questions for an idiot I'll show you go
get me the frigerator stove or not what
are you giving stolen for it or not I
need it I'm not getting it for you why
because you destroyed it
you made me I gotta teach you a lesson
dude oh man fuck you know I am starting
to regret even shooting out my dick
pile on their best party you run down my
leg of meals stain goddamn sheets
oh that funny over to Charlie he made a
big stain I'm serious man well show a
pretty rare why'd you break it the by
boat Oh be so good I wanted to I'm not
getting you anything you will why do you
think that cuz I know you
you ain't shit if you do you give you
seen some Burger King fast food because
you ain't cooking in your kitchen that's
all that I do man you got a grill I
don't I cook it out I want it I like I
love cooking out you're lying now
looking hot dude close you heard a hell
up good guys will take you another that
goddamn place because I'm getting back
oh sweet Ellen what's the deal
you ain't going my house why are you
have the door locked
get still fridge ready go ahead are you
joking with this till then you can't go
back am I not getting it
how'd I know you were no you don't
already have one in there your goddamn
stove you make goddamn frigerator you go
into health until how do I know you
don't have one you're gonna sell it if I
buy you two new ones okay yeah well
you're Michael you're not gonna buy him
anything
well I'm not I'm not buying you one fun
you know what mouthing yeah that's a lie
dude I will be back in your house no you
won't you don't have a key where is the
game in my pocket edit oh oh I change
them up no you did not pretty next time
I try you're a man you know you know I'm
gonna flip go get me a drink well that's
why they ain't got a fridge way it won't
even go in I changed a lot you gotta be
joking
launch mr. Smith Violetta hey is this
the same doorknob the locksmith came to
change two goddamn tumblers you didn't
change the whole doorknob no I like to
cause too much I had money for that you
got dude I'm getting fucking mad
frigerator stove you can go in let's go
to freakin lows Bridget my god no you're
not caving no hey bring her he knows me
you taking advantage I call loves me
this I know he's gonna bomb your
brand-new stone no he's not good you'll
see so he changes fucking locks is
unacceptable dude Michael do not buy him
a fridge or stove you're doing so much
or not I know
but now he's just trying to take
advantage are they certainly doesn't
already have one how do we know I want
to go to Best Buy right now and get new
so I'm not gonna I'm not doing I didn't
even want to screw him because he's my
father
ah poor Michael okay I'm not gonna take
the oh let me cuz I wonder no you
shouldn't want to do that he just sorry
Bridget for knocking to came out of your
hand
and for what don't say okay I told you I
would apologize enough
what what else he's done I'm not sorry
that I kind of wanted I'm not gonna get
him a stove and fridge but I can think
about it if I want to and that I'm not
sorry for I'm sorry for snapping at you
get him afraid you with that couldn't we
eat dinner cuz I'm really hungry
yeah well it's been our time and bridget
is air frying up some more chickens or
something in here yeah it's done that
one is we have some air fried chicken
turkey gravy sweet peas what's pink salt
pink salt pink sauce must be good for
you and here it is air fried chicken
with gravy garden vegetable rice and
sweet peas boom my fingers under the
play well that's gonna be it for today
you guys thanks for watching changed his
locks
he threw tea and Charlie's face I was
pretty funny he's gone overboard
that was pretty funny I'm sticking to my
guns I'm not getting him a fridge I'm
not I'm really really proud of you I
sort of got everyone is also proud of
you give me high five dad not giving you
a stove not getting you refrigerator
you're gonna have to give it yourself
this time I am so proud of you if it was
fundamentally give me a kid stop it
feels fundamentally problematic to your
life I would do it but you have a cooler
you have a mini-fridge you have a ground
grill you have fast food you don't need
a stove and a refrigerator right now
maybe up maybe you shouldn't have done
it or maybe I'll get you one never
you're never doing it
but is down what if we find a used
winners come on now he can fight I'm
gonna get out of here thanks for
watching you guys I'm very proud
why have you give me kiss hey I gotta
lean all the way you do nothing
subscribe favorite fund everything for
its it one don't squeeze that bumper guy
don't trust
why you didn't first no I did
