go on the gun what does that even mean
nothing it doesn't mean a thing you
aren't getting it dad yeah yeah no
you're not no you're not
there's your father son you know yeah
you're not getting it
look at this why you gotta clean this
shit Charlie yeah I don't know clean
lives make his ass do it you know shit
like this he's gonna be the only ones
living here I will send you to a home
this is ridiculous over a French I mean
I can't afford it I don't have money for
a fridge right now we stuck all the
money in your yard and ripple God oh you
hard cock please shut up
you can all this verge it you're gonna
cut yourself dude be careful please yeah
yeah this is like aa for you I don't
know when you're gonna because I'm not
buying you Stover a fridge if I get it
for he's going to be a mom
yeah you should have done it the stove
what was wrong with the stove the stove
was fine the framers playing what is
your problem
we should go film you right now Richard
we should go please get the camera out
of my face Bridget
wait ready they're your own hand don't
film me
a bit of a half man oh my god have a
mental disorder
come on which I see over there stop it
I'm gonna freakin break my camera dude
what's up Charlie
I'm not helping shit he's not gonna stop
here to make him do one so he showed me
about it
nobody asked him nobody asked for
yeah nobody asked you watch god dammit
person named Joe beforehand you puncture
everything pick it back up it you guys
you got maybe got him hell don't just
throw to him I want you to do it
yourself you can't make me go goddamn
Turkey goddamn fuck just get it's
covered in class
you think this is funny dude oh oh Jesus
hey you better work God you better work
motherfucker fair man job job well let's
take two blasts up my hair oh it's like
sour are you okay
no I have dad oh they get busy hello to
me oh wow hey you what are you gonna put
it in your busy jump go ahead you done
I'm doing I wouldn't do it don't do it
go away dog fish he's gonna be going you
need to go away dad yeah get in your car
or your truck and just drive out to you
what that's good to go bit by mean you
know I'm not going to Best Buy you're
not getting a new fridge or stove today
good good bye
you never know with a mental disorder
dad do you realize how much money you're
getting a backhoe for your yard we've
written you know it's what you have too
much work to get other stuff right now
that's why I try to tell you glad will
you pay attention to me
good bet fun you're not getting it today
we go to Dixon other than this the house
looks nice I did it sure as hell did
good job dad love it
there's obviously some underlying reason
why you did this
yeah I need a new fridge waiter no come
on you're pissed about something
obviously oh no you know goddamn doctor
according you I see what this is you're
embarrassed but what above do is calm
down what Eva Braun who I hope you both
hope about know you're embarrassed
that's why you come off our team so
because you're trying to get the freakin
attention off what you just did let's go
already see I can see it I can tell I'm
not getting through to you you're
embarrassed you need to be oh yeah for
sure go enjoy your visit
you know it's not fair to make him do
coaching do anything you do every day
you know I you don't got to defend
yourself against a shit you gotta defend
myself is shit this is the stinky walk
over here I'll get you Chinese tonight
Charlie hey don't get a go it's pretty
but all I did about it then I'm gonna
preach mom to my half of me Chinese you
deserves I caused you a beating
Jesus Christ dad have you calmed down
I've been gone no that was not calm have
you calmed a big stand up I want you to
see something don't ever stand up let's
get apart you're just trying to beat up
ah what is with you I don't know man
Guilhem you know that just not good
Oh get much colder cool oh fuck babe
there's nothing funny here there's
nothing funny you're not making a joke
out of what you just did
I didn't do anything but so I didn't do
that
yeah
crusty sick you all right but good
bubbling he mumbles quit make me ignore
Charles and look at the stove look at
you dead you're right now to take my
weapon up don't don't do if you hit
something else I swear to god I'm gonna
call the police right now
here is your climate Valen Michael you
should not do this he's not gonna you
all eventually okay let's just go home
damn he wants everything done yesterday
so i'm rome wasn't built in a day but he
just and patient you go to go learn
though he's never going to learn how
many how much that we've taken from you
camels well you spoil long about the
thing you know damn this is yeah I've
never seen no shit like this before and
I think I think it because you know we
are putting shelter
