what's going on you guys can't be on
camera here bridge wes is asleep right
now you guys it's very early in the
morning and yes I'm wearing the Saturday
Night Live shirt that I couldn't fit in
yesterday because just now there was a
knock at my door and I was completely
naked in the living room I was like oh
hopefully they go away and she didn't
she kept knocking turns out I had to
sign for a package so I had to throw on
an outfit I was it go hold on one second
anyway I signed for the package and I
saw it was from Nicko's kitchen now but
those of you who aren't aware Nicko's
kitchen it's sort of like healthy junk
food I've been watching him for many
years he's where I got my burger recipe
from and there's a lot of stuff he's a
great channel check out the link below
and he sent me something and I started
reading the letter a little bit and I
thought it would be something that I
wanted to film he says in the letter
that a couple of years ago he was in a
bookstore and he was talking to a lady
who had just lost her father and he
bought a he bought two books one for her
and one for him and the book is about
dealing with the loss of a loved one and
as he started reading it he said that in
the book it was actually about people
who had memories of their father and
unfortunately Nico I'm sorry to hear
this man he lost his father when he was
three and he didn't have any memories so
he didn't know why pon it
and the other day he found the book and
he said he realized why he bought it
because of me and me losing dad so I
thought I would open it it's getting
windy I can hear me
one second folks let's let this pass
come on do I got to go inside and do
this so I thought that I would open the
book and check it out and flip through
it and just it's too cold I'll be right
back I'm sorry I tried to do this
outside but it's windy it's cold it's
freezing this sucks I'll be right back
I'm going my office and do this by the
way
this dog collars on the door to keep the
dogs out of here sorry about the echo
you guys I was trying to do the video
outside so I don't wake up Bridget it's
pretty early right now but I thought I
would open it right now on camera so you
know before I get to it Niko you know
thank you so much for sending me this
I'm really sorry about your father man
it doesn't get easier for me this is one
of the hardest things that I've ever
done but I do appreciate what you've
done here what you sent to me your
letter spoke to me and I wanted to do
this on video for you so you could
sentence my appreciation on video so
thank you so much let's open it up so it
just sort of undid the tape a little bit
I haven't opened it yet but you know I
don't know struggle on camera right now
I need to get a package opens up here it
is
okay my father I want you to know so
let's see here wow what is this
the time feels right here you can put
your thoughts in so stuff I want to tell
Dad oh man when I look back on my life I
know I'm blessed because I have you
when I thought that they would never end
you reminded me that the Sun would
always come back up in the morning says
when you spent time with me we created
memories that lasts forever nothing says
I love you like burning down your dad's
10 there's a lot in here I'm gonna read
through it privately what up what a
thoughtful gift and the notes in there
thank you so much Nico it is profoundly
the hardest thing that I've ever gone
through and you hit the nail on the head
with this gift thank you so much man
I've been an admirer of yours for so
long and this it means the world to me
and your little notes and there are like
I hope I don't lose no because I want I
want those to stay in the book so thank
you so much
well I'm gonna keep reading this I'll be
back when I needed a hug you'd embrace
me with your warmth and love when I
needed a shoulder to cry on yours was
the one I looked for you know what time
my total blog a story about I thought I
thought I was gonna give a big payday
this is before we make it any kind of
money I was doing anything I thought I
was gonna get a big payday and I worked
really hard on this website for this for
this chick named Roxy Medina and it
didn't pan out and I wasn't getting
anything and I promised dad so much
things I was going to buy you a van I'm
gonna finally make you proud
you wanted to cry okay I know buddy and
he gave me a hug
and he told me he was already proud of
it I can always kill him and dad to make
me feel better I was feeling weak yeah a
lot of people don't know how little we
had growing up we had mouthing as early
as 2007 we had nothing 2008 he died 10
11 guys we didn't make any money on
YouTube until we have over a hundred
thousand subscribers you know you Lana
you have a lot of people right now
raging at YouTube because they're not
gonna be able to make money doing
YouTube don't do it for money I did I
did it for free for two from six years
you're not doing it for money do it
because you enjoy doing it because you
enjoy creating the memories because you
enjoy making people smile and if you do
that the money will come the subscribers
will come YouTube isn't you know ending
freedom of expression they're just being
more strict about where they serve for
their ads but that won't matter if you
have the perseverance to keep pushing so
that's a little message for you guys if
you're wanting to be a youtuber do it
don't worry about not getting paid
because it'll come let it let it happen
because I did it for free for you guys
until I had almost 200,000 subscribers
so that's a little message for you guys
when we asked are we there yet
you entertained us of a distance took no
time at all you entertain generations
now and forever
hold your memories dear Michael Bert is
a scary and confusing world without them
Rob Wow I love you dad man I've been
crying a lot on vlog lately you guys and
some people are probably laughing at me
and some people are probably tired of
seeing it and you know I know I wouldn't
blame you I'm in a fragile you know
place in my life but the reason I show
everything that I do is because there
might be somebody else going through
this and maybe it'll help them otherwise
I wouldn't embarrass myself I wouldn't
embarrass myself by trying on vlogs but
Nico those you know Rob this gift means
everything to me I'll cherish it it
means a lot to me you know I lost my
father but I got all these memories
thank you seriously
it's beautiful it's a beautiful gift it
came from the heart
it means so much to me thank you so much
guys go subscribe to Nicko's kitchen
tweet him on Twitter and tell him thank
you for this gift for what it's doing
for me he's he deserves so much like
admiration he's got my admiration I've
watched his channel for years a lot of
my recipes that you guys saw from the
early videos came from hell you know go
subscribe to his channel if you like
learning how to cook cool like fast
food burgers and after he can cook
anything if you want to see that kind of
stuff go subscribe to his channel and go
follow them on Twitter and tell them
thank you for this gift it means
everything Nico thank you so much dude
let's get this started that book
you guys really tore my heart I'm sorry
to have another emotional vlog I'm gonna
be ending it here pretty soon just
because I don't you know ten minutes of
this vlog gives me reading this book
that Nikko sent and I'm all sad and I'm
crying and humiliating myself and I
don't want to like cloud that with like
hey guys I'm going McDonald's today
because like I don't wanna like do that
you know so I'm gonna finish this vlog
out with stuff about dad and then start
the vlog for tomorrow so you guys I
figured what I would do
being up the spirit of the book is
saying my father I want you to know I
will tell my dad stuff that I want him
to know and I'm gonna try not to cry
doing this especially his bridges right
here I don't want to cry in front of
bridges so let's Michael get it together
don't so a breeze blows in perfect
timing it's been blowing the whole time
this is a coincidence I just wanted to
use it do you feel that you guys good
guys you good my father I want you to
know that I'm trying to carry out your
vision that you had for your channel
I've got all these videos
that we film together that nobody's seen
and I'm trying to make a plan for
everybody to see them I want you to know
that I miss you every day that I think
about you every day and when I do cry
and I get sad I put it on camera cuz I
don't care to be embarrassed come on
look at me
I'm wearing the shirt that I couldn't
fit in okay I'm wearing my bed sheet
right now so I don't care if I get
embarrassed on vlog by crying and I want
you to know that I'd do that for you I
want you to know that I wish you were
around you know I wish a lot of stuff
could have happened before you passed I
wish you know I could have had a kid I
wish you could have come to my wedding
but that kind of stuff I'll just have to
think about you know but I want you to
know that I love you and even if you're
not there in spirit you're here in my
heart so I want you to know I love you
thank you for the book Nico like it
serious the letter meant a lot to me the
book meant a lot to me meant a lot that
you thought of me when you sent it so
thank you so my father I want you to
know nobody's gonna forget you ever how
could they do who else
you know who else destroyed a game
system with a weapon besides psycho dad
who our bookie
lots of people actually but they all
copied you they all say they did and
they copied you and they know it okay
you were December 2007 they were after
that okay Jesse told me personally you
weren't my inspiration bull okay I don't
care dude pull psycho dad angry grandpa
bull okay you copied me man and I love
you okay but you did okay you're gonna
say own offices papa world's greatest
freak oh well he was inspired by me too
okay so you're welcome for that
I just wanted to say all that Dad you
inspired a generation of youtubers like
mcjuggernuggets man inspiration blah I
don't want to say bogey okay because he
started not long after us but bunny to a
lot of youtubers you started a genre
only you were actually an asshole
sometimes look I'm not gonna glaze it
over just because you got you were mean
sometimes when you broke stuff you get
 it done but I love you I miss
you and I want you to know that nobody's
ever gonna forget you
we'll be doing this out so in just a
second what do you want dad to know that
I miss him and that I'm trying to take
care of you well you're failing oh I'm
just kidding she's trying to take care
of me dad but she can't cook your
chicken or your pork chops or your pot
roast and that stuff I'm although I am
dieting so that stuff doesn't matter
yeah
I'm not dieting today though folks
tomorrow's vlog is gonna be the Last
Supper so I need one more day of like
horribleness guys right we're doing this
out show in just a second Nico thank you
for the book dad I want you to know I
love you well that's gonna be it for
today you guys thanks for watching
had a really good day emotional you know
I realized there's not much to this vlog
other than sad stuff so I apologize for
that but I hope you guys still enjoyed
the vlog nonetheless I hope there if
there's somebody going through something
that can help them and I just hope that
you know I don't know I really I don't
know what I hope I just you know dad I
love you and I hope I can keep going
through every day cuz it's hard every
day is hard guys I'm getting out of here
Nico thanks so much for the gift man it
means everything to me it it's
profoundly moving it seriously it was a
really good book it was sad very sad and
his little notes in there and man it
nice job Nico you got me guys getting
out of here thanks for watching hope you
had a great day like subscribe favorite
everything but to us and tomorrow's vlog
is the last supper I miss so much
was a weird time and answer like a medic
are like camera eating dad I love you
let's eat tomorrow
you
