what's going on you guys keep me on a
camera here for just here right there
onion girl right okay what you smell
onion II you know what I'm joking you
don't smell onion II know I need sour
it's true I kind of smell like an onion
to know your Donald's joking you might
stink when I like an onion more like a
diaper filled with okay today is
Saturday smell like your diapers okay
I don't wear diapers you wear diapers do
what you got to tell me by now is it
cousin
no believe it he doesn't know bleep are
you winking or something now you got a
disorder what's going on your face
guys - Michael I won't wonder today is
Saturday and today we're going over to
grandpa's and today we're gonna hang up
the silver play buttons and the grandpa
picture and today yeah come on I'm gonna
break old Bridgette click like no no
click like no today I'm gonna go over to
grandpa's house he's been doing a lot of
work on his kitchen he's been painting
the walls and he installed a pot rack
last week and now today we're gonna hang
a whole bunch of pots from it it's gonna
look good AGP gonna have a nice kitchen
with a pot rack oh thank you for not
doing an annoying whoo oh thank you
oh no no get off of me let's get it I
feel like I feel like an extra close to
you right now I don't like it cuz I can
smell you this whole time
okay that's yeah those like mildew onion
vomit nuts diaper that smells like it
smells like your ass so those two
buttons look really good there I love
that but we gotta hang the other ones
over here I think I'm thinking right
here with the other golden play button
was I'll hang my kid behind camera
silver play button and Bridget's got a
silver play button we've never hung and
I got the picture of dad so I'm gonna I
think about putting it right there but I
really do like the two golden playboy if
you haven't seen the video
yesterday the link is below check it out
we just got this kid behind the camera
play button yesterday and I don't like
seeing me in the reflection that's it's
crazy how friggin mirror this is like
Jesus Hey all right coming into our
wrestling toy room because we got some
silver play buttons in here oh yes I
keep pencils silver play buttons oh oh
looks awesome I had an idea
frigid hmm what do you think about
because this is not an accurate
representation of dad yeah not at all
what if we got will quite the movie when
we get it but like we get a picture of
down like this and another picture of
dad looking at that picture pissed off
so we got sweet dad hey there we go
yeah that's pretty you like that yeah
how about it I think it looks really
nice
so we've got the grandpa picture anger
Grampa shell silver play button bridge a
West silver play button kidney honey
camera silver play button and the golden
play buttons and right here which what
do you think we're putting the letter
love it this is the first letter we got
for 100,000 and we framed it that's
really nice we got a Dundee with it
apparently mm-hmm don't film now right
now please please don't buy him anything
I'm very proud of you for seeing you're
not but I don't want you to go why does
he do this I don't know where dude that
was ridiculous like he is truly
ungrateful I hope you see that now of
course I see it so ungrateful I'm sorry
dude he deserved better had a good day
hanging the buttons and obviously there
they don't know what's going on at this
point um unless they follow us on
Twitter if they follow us on Twitter
they know cuz we tweeted those pictures
I don't want to talk about it I'm sorry
just just turn it off I don't want to be
filmed right now so dad took an ax or
hatchet whatever you want to call it to
his stove and his fridge and well look
he's got a cooler he's got a girl and he
I don't need this right now he's gonna
learn I don't need this on me I agree
with you but I don't need you to
probably be excited for him to spend his
own money
oh yeah stuff like you're so making me
mad dude no I'm actually really fucking
thrilled teach that big baby alone then
why you keep hounding me then tomorrow
we've got a new fridge why would you do
that to yourself because you're
bothering me with this I'm proud of you
I don't even know if he had a reason he
didn't he just wanted something new he
wanted a new fridge it I guess he thinks
the one he has outdated he's a piece of
crap for that truly a piece of crap a
royal Oh God
a royal pizza
oh go in I'm gonna flip what a flip why
because I'm so angry that don't know
where to direct it
wait I got an idea
hey yeah are you dying okay stop have a
seat
no uh good stop it
I felt good
he's doing up take my anger out on
something please stop stop it
Jesus Bridget this chair got messed up
you feel better
yeah good look at it the help I do to it
you don't know good I feel better I kind
of annoyed about it though okay I don't
need any more I really am okay bridge on
oh okay oh god okay I need to stop it
I'm gonna get out of here thanks for
watching you guys I wanted the vlog to
be a little longer than this but I'm
really angry uh as you heard grandpa
went apeshit in his kitchen and that
video is gonna go up tomorrow you want
to be on the computer tomorrow about
four o'clock Eastern Time this is not
one you want to miss grandpa destroyed
the kitchen assorted stove some grateful
what's a done of it dude I don't need it
right now
I'm gonna get out of here you guys
thanks for watching um yes um say is
that what this was I love you guys
thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe favorite comment everything
visit us and that's I'm so proud of you
Oh Bridget I don't want I just wanna be
left alone that's it
she's right there
