what's going on you guys kid behind a
camera here yeah right there and today
you're tardy taking that from me I say
and today is Friday and today she's out
of days Friday today's no no you don't
care that we're doing something she says
only how about this how about we throw
your mom out and later tonight invite
your dad you know that's just a little
too harsh how about we go to a different
restaurant yeah we're all going to a
restaurant right now she wants to go
we're all agree we're going to sticky
fingers in jammer sandy we're gonna
sticky fingers now instead of Olive
Garden this is the way I wasn't gonna
rub my we're going to see you finger
today is Friday and today that's it you
know that means f you hey bro your mom
say me she's trying to say it's fuck day
Friday or a little filth mouth also let
you know that it's a Friday Friday your
health mouth poop mouth anyway this is
getting bizarre I'm unfolding in all the
wrong ways let's get this Friday started
fuck Oh God Cindy I apologize for that
you came to sticky fingers like I wanted
be honest and when you really have this
gonna play the pasta that looks really
into the camera guys are bridges that
does I don't Amber's picking up just how
good that was well we just got back from
sticky fingers and I I'm gonna grab it
Cindy's purse and secretly Accord myself
out there saying longer it takes to her
notice that I've got it
nothing why do you have my purse so we
all what are you doing all right I'll be
honest I told everybody on vlog I was
I've dumped the contents in these purse
out why no doing this oh I don't think I
wanna know what's I don't know what's
gonna fall out of them how about you
don't touch my mother's purse like that
God trying to a little prank with your
mom you know my side on this one thing
you don't do is mess with the woman's
purse I'm learning that now well I just
got a package in the mail and the Wow
I'm already taking aback by it have it
open to Jed we're about to open it right
now
but if he can't tell it's to go to play
button you might hear the dogs barking
because we put them up okay so the first
thing I'm noticing is they no longer
give us that cool paper that I feel
comfortable framing they give us a I
guess straight-up like zero you know wow
there's already dog hair on this look
how did that happen okay
what is the dog hair can't really see it
well here we go
there's my logo Wow amazing
this is the best this is so cool Wow now
we got to get one for dad's room for his
champ from his channel yep keep filming
cuz if it breaks you know oh my god why
I was looking at the channel the other
day and you know I was seeing the
numbers and the subscribers and the
likes and I was remembering back when we
had a thousand subscribers and they and
dad like oh my god
you know we got a thousand views on this
video and now to do the it's just
amazing so thank you guys for
subscribing and for watching our content
and supporting us we appreciate it to no
end
thank you guys so much you guys are
truly incredible now we got to get one
for dads room so I was talking to dad
and I talked to you guys on Twitter the
other day I was asking if you want more
content for anger grandpa's channel so
click like if you wants to start doing
more channel or more content for
grandpa's corner we're talking about
cooking videos weekly
you know throwback stories let us know
if that's something you guys want to see
and we're gonna we're gonna cue it out
for you guys so Wow look at that thank
God your dad's here
Doug you ready to help us hang this
thing
what Bridgette did come on I want to
break it it's a memory not something
we're throwing in the trash okay so
well check that out to play buttons
right next to each other right there is
where the angular Grandpop picture was
and the other play buttons and I don't
know if we're gonna keep them next to
each other like this but this is how it
is for right now so angry grandpa kid
behind the camera Doug thank you very
much for your help hanging them wow it's
just wow let's see if I can get a
thumbnail between the two no try and I
can't do it no so I feel like when I was
you know I was unboxing the button
because Doug was here I didn't want to
like I don't know become over emotional
in front of Bridget's father because I
don't want her father to think less of
me like her freakin daughters he already
thinks I pissed the bed and I shit my
pants and wear diapers so I wasn't going
to cry in front of them ok so he comes
in there and he's like standing right
over here while I'm unboxing so we made
it really awkward and I couldn't say
what I wanted to say so I'm gonna say it
now so now that he's gone it's true it
was awkward
was it not awkward
I loved your dad but I did not want to
be emotional in front of him with all
the stuff that he sees in the vlogs
already so he shits his pants he pisses
his pants she's any cry she's dating a
baby bitch so I didn't want to give him
that
so now I can tell you guys how genuinely
you know heartfelt I get to see that you
guys have provided us with these - you
know what I was trying to say is - you
know I can't even put it into words it's
hard to say but it's like you know I
walked downstairs and I used to come
down this is the morning and I would see
this one and every morning I would just
stop and I would look at it and I would
say wow now there's two of them and it's
all because you guys have been there for
us and you guys have watched us and
supported us and shared us and through
drama and everything you guys have
stayed by our side and it's I appreciate
it beyond beyond description I beyond
words you guys are just as important to
me than anything else am I like you guys
are seriously you guys are family and
I'm so appreciative to have you even the
haters even the people calling me fan
that I need to shave
I love the hate too so thank you guys so
much I love you guys thank you for
impossible um no way I know you trying
to be funny but it's not true so thank
you guys so much I'm gonna get out of
here thanks for watching but I wanted to
take the moment to tell you guys you
know how I felt and how genuinely
amazing it is to have you in our lives
every day and thank you for and thank
you for watching us you know it's like
the button is amazing to have but if you
guys weren't watching you know it does
thank you guys for everything I can't
even put it I'm gonna get out of here
cuz I don't know what else to say thank
you guys so much like wait I can't
because my flex don't be in the play
button subscribe favorite I'm just gonna
tell you guys something like I really
love you guys life would be so dull
without you
so thank you for being a part of us
thank you for being like family because
you are a family we love you so much
like subscribe favorite fun everything
for us and tomorrow when I say get
behind the camera here I say and today
remember that night no that's my wife I
said tonight ah you never say it tonight
good tonight
what breathe
oh no she a whole banana dude it says
totally poisoned well let's take another
bot come on are you kidding me right now
no so she can die instantly are you
serious yes
