what's going on you guys scraggly fuck
me Hanukkah I meant to do that actually
scraggly fuck behind the camera here
vigil iced here right there she scraggly
as fuck - oh yeah I am in today or
scraggly as fuck and today we're
scraggly as fall in today we scraggly as
fuck okay that's just rude language my
you please hi today is Thursday and
today the video in happen it's so funny
it's my favorite video we've already ah
if you haven't seen it check out the
link below we did the would you rather
challenge it's not a challenge is it no
we played the would you rather game with
angry grandpa and for some reason he
fucking hated it he hated every second
of it he wanted us out of there he did
not want to do the video he I don't know
what it was but by the end of the video
he was so genuinely angry that I feared
for my life oh there was a part at the
end where he just yeah but I honestly oh
we got to get out of this house
something is not right you know it was
it was very funny
I honestly think he wasn't expecting
those types of questions you know I
think he was expecting more like would
you rather drink milk or water oh my god
there's some extras if you guys want to
see the extras click like and I will put
it on his channel they are the you know
just he answered a bunch of questions I
only put a few in the video if you guys
want to see more click like well where's
the smell smells like burn so I wanna
make sure houses on fire
that's how scary what wait shit yeah
we're gonna find the real smell it might
be the yard or something very good no do
it it is super seriously smells like
your kisser done with this bullshit
shit oh my god I was so funny oh my god
over Michael I'm sorry so I just noticed
I'm Clyde poor thing he's getting a
little cyst on his Pole we tell mama
buddy she can't take you to the vet
sorry in advance
oh poor buddy he has the worst problems
why did Wyatt open the door
what's wrong with it here hold on hold
you stop I'll open it
I can't open if you're doing that it
won't open
I can't get it
okay okay
I'll look all right I'm challenged how
the dogs get in the garage my heaven
lark the fence and lady followed me
since Bridget thinks it's so funny to
make me think that the house is on fire
and I hurt myself running in it I'm
gonna make a think I killed the fucking
dogs with bananas I don't know if they
can have it though what I don't think
they can have bananas what could be
happen is I don't know I think some
fruits are poisonous some aren't I don't
know if in Ana's is okay or not although
we could be great oh they're definitely
not grapes kid dogs eat bananas here's
what I found on the web for dogs even
Anna okay
yeah the total poison what no no aah
are you Oh No she ate a whole banana
dude it says totally poisoned well let's
take it to the bot come on are you
kidding me right now no so she can die
instantly almost are you serious yes
they get even it as a spy you know that
banana Belle is there any more for you
how dare you Oh what I never get to
prank you this is a good one you're so
mean bananas are fine for dogs to eat
dogs are omnivores and eat and most
fruits are safe for dogs to eat for
certain breeds dogs breeds I can't
English Bulldogs are you kidding me hold
on okay they don't have the ability to
process it and something in it is like
poison let's make a frog here my god I'm
joking
it's a joke you fool they're fun quick
taking me serious with this
don't hurt my dogs are you gonna cry I'm
gonna cry don't hurt my dogs why would I
hurt our off-limits tiger what is that
English bulldogs can have bananas too
come on Michael which I'm fairly short
of said they're allowed to have it
what squad not it kind of eating it
probably cuz he knows it's fat Michael
please stop it's fine Bridget please I
read this is it it's very good for him
I'm not gonna give a bunch I don't know
if they can not have a bunch of a bunch
of bananas but just lazy like banana
no well I literally hold up
I literally just watched something
formal class and white yeah what
that literally just happened as the a
turbine Amica wait
klein pulp what's going on oh oh
what are you I'm take him to the bat
dude what about the thing one is Paul
it's a frickin so obviously an allergic
reaction he doesn't want to go Bridge
I'm joking that was already there no was
it yes it was I've noticed that what a
good bridge up thanks Robin it was their
kind please let me put this on you
bridge I swear to god I'm kidding
chill out a little bit okay I can
already see you ready to cry chill out
stop mad at me yeah why me get you back
come on there was a little I'm going to
get you back please don't
how will we team together and get dad
okay and you agree shake on it not to
get me mm-hmm see you like I rewrite
through it that's fine then I'm gonna
get you and if you think that was bad I
go the nose I'm gonna I don't know what
I'll do I'll fry can get a piece of
clump of meat and cover and white fur
make you think something happened to cut
it don't mess with me I will go evil I
must me I'll go II that's gonna be it
for today you guys thanks for watching
long day prank Bridget a few times up
was fun whatever you know what at least
I got you though that was the beat yeah
she made me think the house was on fire
so anyway but you know why you made me
think you poisoned my dogs yeah like
that was funny that wasn't that funny it
was funny you should know dogs can even
see all wait I'm I go to give a dog a
fruit well can you have an apple I don't
know looking up we've got I know that
they can have like watermelon we've
googled bananas before I don't remember
bananas though so every time no matter
what I don't even have it they can have
it
they can't have everything obvious
anyway I'm gonna get out here mate i
think i poisoned the animals yeah well
no berries because they
really can't have that I get about a
handful of berries come on we don't have
any berries are you some crunch berries
earlier guys I'm gonna get here thanks
for watching you guys like subscribe
favorite fun on everything rejoice and
that's it no I know that's it
I love you guys which about dildo stung
in your ass for the rest you know stick
your motherfucking ass yeah fuck you
fucker
