Michael we have to turn it back on now
what we have to vlog we can't answer
this episode Michael come on what we
have to vlog dad's not gonna let us into
the house I don't give a shit I have to
vlog or watch my show I was already
watching it well we can vlog and you can
watch it after how about that I've been
binge watching house of cards and I'm so
hooked and Bridget has turned it off on
me you don't even let me watch it
because you won't get it okay I honestly
thought I don't know if you understand
politics I will absolutely get the damn
show
but I'm here here's a row you're the
real reason has nothing to you you're
not getting it how's the fact that I
don't want to wait for you you know why
I like to watch out I like to watch out
dad I talk now I like to watch this show
while you're sleeping so if I have to
wait for you I can't watch it at night
anymore I have to well we're at
Grandpa's house waiting to play would
you rather excited I'm excited we're
gonna be Grandpa's house we'll play
would you rather you guys win some many
questions that video is going to go up
tomorrow hope you guys like it I'm
excited for it
check out this tripod dad already had it
it was in his junk room he's horribly
very nice so we're gonna have dad sit
right there
ruin play would you rather keep your I
feeling like dicking us around probably
by the way yes he tried to kick me out
of the house right when I got here
didn't work babe I'm still here I'm
still here asshole
yeah
what the hell is he doing hey hey we
don't play would you rather still ready
I told you I would leave after would you
rather so here's what we're doing we're
setting you up yeah you set me apart
what failure is out you get that sure
you look so
oh yeah rigid bit a little view on
that's awesome so are you ready to play
some would you rather get it over with
goddamn I'm gonna ask the worst ones
smile for the thumbnail dad
god you're rude wait smile hum you I
didn't get it now this is the camera for
the thumbnail okay you still mad what
would you rather good bye bye
look out he's so big are you so bad
vibrant up okay dad what we got to do
something about this room why would I
not I love your warning I'll lay our
sails
yeah but you would do you even know
what's in here how much stuff is in yeah
this a lot what is this dad what that
that's way to go what what a yard
scuffle yeah wait it could be better
flavoring that matter what does peony
look like okay what does peyote look
like hey Louise handy nothing you find
out what this is yeah I don't get the
flavor
it's chewy cheese yeah you guys you got
so much in a big bag of chili cheese
flavor don't look in the Godhead pop
more machine light this to the
cheeseburger the poor crime I haven't
made them popcorn over three months and
pump my film
YUM I wanted some of the food that was
me I don't know right you it's probably
better no I don't know don't even lie
you look at that dude they had Swedish
meatballs
those look good oh so we got kicked out
of dads house we did the would you
rather video you guys wanted to see it
we did it was so funny I didn't I'd have
promised him I would leave the house if
you did I would leave the house right
here we go
is also good oh yeah okay Michael what
do you rather scream very well and
demand a refill or when the waitress
comes back you could toss the food on
her obviously would scream for reefa
rather than assault I'm sure you okay
what about oh you get tuna runner but if
you toss the drink on her that's wrong
is it really
no tausend rationally space isn't
dissolved I didn't glue this Ridgid it
is unsettling with unsettling with it I
can't say the word I'm saying difficulty
setting we doesn't so funny
look up paying a sales awesome dude
attendez oh my gosh I cannot camera well
that's gonna be it for today you guys
thanks for watching have a good day
grandpa played would you rather and he
hated it oh well he's going up tomorrow
he thought it was too stupid to think
that I can't talk he thought it was the
stupidest thing he's ever done but I
don't care I enjoyed it was he farted
right into the camera like three times
put his ash right up to the camera and
farted like free time yeah
and they stunk but anyway I want to get
out of here thanks for watching you guys
had a good day like what do you rather
listen to for one hi every single day or
start drinking horrible tasting coffee
every single day horrible tasting coffee
would you rather get broken up with and
live in the woods or me break up with
you and you go live in the woods like a
recluse which one what do you write I'm
tired of would you rather serve them we
don't like a hundred a day you know like
subscribe if you want here that's it let
me go you know I do
Jesus Christ
what do
what's you mad about
