what's going on you guys kid behind a
camera here vigil STI right there and
today is Monday and today T as it is
Monday was that it feels like a Thursday
is we don't know what today is really
denote today what generation yeah
today's Monday he kids Monday oh yeah
yeah yeah today's Monday if you didn't
see the video we put up yesterday angry
grandpa went to Burger King to try the
new grilled hot dogs this is crazy
he loved him yeah he fuckin loved them
he was he was deep throating chili dogs
oh yeah he's crazy crazy one just taking
him out anyway
it was a whole thing check it out
also for some reason I cut this out of
the video I didn't use it I just forgot
I recorded it so I never used it in the
video so I'm gonna give it to you guys
right here here's an extra clip or two
or whatever I don't know whatever I got
here's where I didn't include are we not
going is that what this is now we're
going well I you know you called me your
gross no come get another hot dog here
no snowball you want I love snow go man
they got the best hot dogs around well
burn if they don't eat the buns up in
Bordeaux that's such
I'm sorry anyway forget all this let's
get this Monday started no wait hey
Michael Sal no Bridget style I'm cutting
it I'm cutting that out no okay it's
time it's time time fighting out of the
blue corner cranberry good was that
right a blue corner it was blue sure was
blue corner I think it was blue yeah
fighting out of the red corner fireman
job doing Bruce Buffer
from the UFC I have a big problem taking
these first of all right I put it in my
mouth and you taste it and it's
disgusting oh my god
all right weighing in at 21 pounds that
fucking thing's heavy
yeah oh this is my face when I'm Laura I
gotta take the vital in the morning this
is all comp you're so cute I have to
record it you know I didn't want people
to know I was working on my teeth you're
so adorable which one don't do like hey
Michael's heathrow Michael keep looking
better ha ha I just want it to happen
but anyway I'm doing I'm not even you
something oh my gosh no this is so
adorable yes starting to work my teeth
because they're jacked up for the record
baby no I'm not like you wait Bailey
they look actually pretty good no come
on that's fine for the record I love
your teeth and I think they I think they
taste great
Oh kevie I was kissing you earlier and
only okay okay we've done that a couple
of times with me we haven't homeless
yeah I got fucked up to you I'm just
kidding they what did it taste like I
don't recall a taste I'm just saying I
was on her to you I was a possible that
mighty don't worse than they are the
dentist was even flabbergasted remember
that yeah I was like how Dolph Oh
couldn't believe it because I haven't
really brush my teeth since I was seven
I know like probably brush his teeth
please just take the back for a second
will recall what I just said Sabbath I
know we got hiccups I don't I don't know
if I have a cup so now it's so time
because I only gonna brush teeth I don't
know Oh
Michael turned the vibrator off they all
do that this is a vibrant I want to do
it what you can't even do it
what the it says it's on Samia that
would be scram and you won't want this
one boy I was getting ready to put this
on my team which one should I use first
um glamorous white my teeth again be
glamorous and white hey we're home I'm
brushing some tea Oh God type of
question what do you rather eat
toothpaste for the rest of your life
would you right all right I just thought
of it
what do you rather eat toothpaste for
the rest of your life or live forever
with no legs holy SH I can only
toothpaste only to your face a little by
the quelt leg shall live your life that
legs hold on oh god okay guy only eat
you place only toothpaste any flavor but
my body can't sustain off of just you
can take vitamins so basically you're
asking me whatever die or live that way
no in this scenario you won't because no
no we're doing it by the book
you'll play would you rather it is okay
fine toothpaste and vitamins for the
rest of you don't die you won't die I'm
pretty sure that this does no like you
probably won't die pretty sure like I
would well be that I don't want to die
I'll choose live
I don't drive anyway oh we should get
dad to play would you rather thank you
what a base to put the questions use the
hashtag below tweet angry grandpa or me
or Bridget a would you rather would you
rather do this or would you rather do
that and this Wednesday me and
grandfather to play would you rather
your questions okay Bridget would you
rather drink nothing but blood for the
rest of your life just blood by the
glass or would you rather have your out
eyes gouged out with a rusty nail you
can never see again okay why are you so
brutal which one blood or nails well if
I get gout in the eyes with a rusty
needle nice at nail or now I can get
like like tetanus well that's the risk
you have to get shots and stuff yeah Oh
God Oh you drink blood what kind of
blood just blood and blood alright you
are now a blood drinker I'll be drinking
coca-cola god I can't garble oh my god
it was so pretty shabby up for failure
I'm sorry I gotta do this hey Michael
what happened here I don't know okay
like that don't worry you go up don't
offer to wait him out okay
I just breathed in Bella's face nose or
mouth day Oh Bella see okay you see this
she has done this at all today then I
put on the camera and she shows off
she's destroying shit that she was
feeling a star
Oh a little YouTube star Oh God Oh Clyde
back up but okay did you please please
protecting the bottle get your bottle
and go glide oh my god oh wow that was
really really cool well that's gonna be
it for today you guys thanks for
watching brushed my teeth already
looking good well I'm gonna check out
those gums okay what you were gonna
worry me I thought I saw something god
dude kidding no I just want to check
that's gonna be pretty you guys thanks
for watching I love your teeth good lick
my teeth right now your breast things
okay you god that's gonna be a pretty
guys thanks for watching like subscribe
favorite but everything richer wise and
remember submit your would you rather
stew grandpa and maybe a couple to us
and we'll all play what you're an hour
oh my god this is one of my favorite
games to play with Michael we go
disgusting yeah we get pretty brutal it
gets bro bad submit your questions
that's gonna be a first like
fad this the end of the video like
subscribe favorite and then everything
rejoice and that's it
horny I'm tired of it I love you
wake up
