what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here for Joe a senior right there
and today we're going to the grocery
store and today today is Thursday and
today we're going to the grocery store
and we're also cleaning the house
because this does don't chill in my
house please
boom it's so bad boom oh it's so
embarrassing like yeah Blaine a wormhole
did you see you win a wormhole
it was a wormhole somewhere in this
vicinity and every time people throw
trash away ends up in our living room
that's exactly it and our kitchen please
all that already so right now we got two
wormholes in the house we go one around
this area and then one in bridges asked
because she has worms that's a joke it
actually though I saw some white stuff
after ease don't even you gotta be
joking no I'm not to the hospital then
thank you God quit no you have worms
well it's time for wrestle crate and if
you look they got new packaging dude
that is so cool
it looks really professional
congratulations
Russell great so it Michael what what
did you pee on the floor
that was the chick-fil-a confident
fellow yes sir it's very convenient iced
tea but have your I didn't miss being on
the Bridger
Brigette a cock tip I'm not gonna deal
with it Kyle my box all right I see a
Brie Bella total diva spot toy I'll pull
it out house oh my god hot toy Brie
Bella that is so cool
next up it is a WWE dog tag I'm not
gonna open up and see who it is I'm
gonna give it one of my nephew's what it
is a dog tag that is so cool another
book the head head locked the last
territory and illustrated serial drama
in 2008 by Michael Kingston and this is
illustrated by Jerry the King Lawler so
Jerry Lawler do all the pictures in this
did he really
he's a he's an artist he is that is so
cool
so this is a drama of a professional
wrestling it's a book kind of like comic
novel so I'm gonna check that out
Oh am autographed by Jerry the King
wah-wah oh wow so we got the
illustrations that he did including his
article you need a binder man no I've
gotten so many of these and the
exclusive limited-edition print of AJ
Styles that's very cool so already this
is way better than the last that last
crate that I opened again I was fuckin
embarrassing shit Russell crate not
Perot
yeah Russell crates the best pro
wrestling crates up autographing autos
Esther crate book okay short time oh
fuck yeah sure I'm takin no you don't
know who this is
okay I just recently started to watch
Japanese Pro Wrestling and this is a
wrestler that I saw in there that I
thought has a gigantic future I love the
guy just start following him on Twitter
Kimmy Omega oh I love the design it's
such weird timing that I would get this
right when I find it to be probably the
best wrestler in wrestling today he's
not even joking the guy is excellent
he's amazing I'm a big fan I'm really
glad I got the shirt and I got it just
in time for WrestleMania 32 for Dallas
in a few weeks so that's really awesome
this is awesome awesome Russell crank
Kenny Omega shirt the head locked book
Jerry the King Lawler autograph the Brie
Bella pot toy facilitating we dog tab
and the AJ Styles of print I fucking
love it and I love your new packaging
guys Oh bridge stop get off deep into
little bitty spaz few days Thank You
couple I don't know how old some just
food even is come on Michael no spit it
out you might get grilled
egg don't show the ranch okay Bridget
damn business
if you click like we're fucking
disgusting pretty crap for the record
I'm not using you guys for likes it's a
funny way and a fun way to connect with
you guys and see you know who's watching
who's enjoying the content and to
interact with you guys I also like to
know how many people and to know how
many people think we're fucking
disgusting so collective we're fucking
this guy can humans eat this and not get
sick
absolutely really yeah you guys it looks
like Cheez Whiz it's dog treat click
like if we should give some to grandpa
Charles huh oh my god oh yeah baby I
know buddy send this to Charles Ian
about okay does he check Facebook Matt
right let's just do it to dad Charles
you read on it now tried but you're in
aren't you no bridges I just realized
never cleaned off this frickin hamburger
oh my gosh you believe it
I know when I was cleaning I noticed is
it what the hell oh my god holy shit I
ain't coming off I think you should get
hot water
what are you surprised little kind of
this thought it was our new wall
decoration what are there that's also
that piece - shit oh look over here
though oh yeah
in my Wrestlemania chair Oh No get off
my chair yeah Jesus you know what I just
noticed
what we never took this plastic off the
TV oh yeah are you supposed to take it
off when you get it
oops so right now we are working on a
little bit of dinner we didn't show you
that we actually did finish the kitchen
oh my gosh yeah well way messy now just
we got stuff right here hello what are
you going for fellas go for some cheese
I want all the cheese can't have the
velum sorry so we found a YouTube called
I heart recipes and she has a recipe for
chicken and macaroni and cheese and we
go on for today baby right now we're
gonna be working on our cheese sauce so
first we're melting down some butter
which is almost ready right now and by
the way people can get pissed so she
mentioned in her video I got a metal
whisk but you know what that's why I got
oh now we're gonna add a little bit of
flour sprinkle that in there and we
whisk it up with our metal whisk that
people do get pissed about so let's just
get this going
okay next up we are adding in half and
half and condensed milk they're mixed
together and we're gonna whisk this in
here next up I'm adding four ounces of
cream cheese we're gonna go ahead and
get this mixed in there really well next
up we are slowly adding in cheese this
is Havarti and gouda and we're just
gonna keep adding these in and let them
melt so that's good for an hour Brigitte
let's melt these down into that more
some smoked paprika for color some
seasoning salt
my favorite seasoning in the whole world
onion powder oh I love onion powder I
did - god I love it and some salt and
pepper being at at the same time next up
we're adding the cheese sauce to our
thing of noodles do that that's so
awesome
Oh get the rest of the cheese sauce out
of the course are stirring it so we've
made the cheese sauce now we're mixing
it with the noodles whoa dude
man this would be good as it hisses damn
yeah I know okay the next step Bridget
first we're going to get a layer of
macaroni down here now we have this big
bowl of cheese
this is shredded mozzarella shredded
Colby jack shredded sharp cheddar you
guys messed that up shred it shredded
sharp cheddar so anyway we'll go ahead
and get a layer of that over
damn I che I tasted the cheese sauce
it's fabulous it's amazing Jesus another
layer over the top as you guys saw this
use no eggs some people don't like eggs
this didn't use any there we go here it
is Bridget Hale hottest fuck oh my gosh
pop this in the oven for how long I'll
close it and help find donor for that
now to accompany our macaroni and cheese
I am making a chicken-fried chicken
which is a pounded flat chicken now this
time I'm using a variation of a recipe
from her one her YouTube account she has
a recipe for waffle fried chicken but it
calls for actual chicken wings I wanted
to do well on this chicken because I
like to serve this boneless chicken
pounded flat with a white gravy but I'm
going to use her recipe for the flour
for the chicken so I'm gonna it's gonna
be waffle mix and flour and paprika and
I and the recipe is below check it out I
go why didn't you just say that I'll
miss you I mean why don't you look in
the gym
what what are you looking at there's
nothing there
chicken wings okay fine you want to see
it but chicken wings okay I couldn't do
it oh it's okay every she had a rescue
for a while waffle fried chicken and I
fucked it up so I switched up the plan
to make a chicken fried chicken you know
you don't gotta fill me I'm sorry I fail
okay now it's okay everyone
you know you can hear the debate going
on in the background cuz I'm watching
the Republican debate but right now
check it out this is the macaroni and it
is fabulous it is seriously the best
I've ever tasted look at that unblurred
you bastard
there we go
oh my god and here it is boy roll
macaroni mashed potatoes chicken fried
chicken and gravy time to gain some
weight I should go tell my bathroom
story so before I get out of here I
wanted to tell you guys the story about
why I'm afraid of public bathrooms so
once again it's my brother the last
story I told you about why I was afraid
of Chucky my brother
the reason I'm afraid of public
bathrooms my brother we were in Kmart me
and my brother we were in Kmart and I
had to take a shit look I gotta take a
shit I was a kid I think I was like
eight years old dad looks a Charles take
you God you stink ass but of the bad
group good damn
yeah he's smoking in KY but if you came
or didn't get a shit you know they were
fuckin oblivious to anything so Charlie
has to take me to the bathroom and I go
to the bathroom and I'm taking a shit
and Charles leaves the bathroom now he
did just leave the bathroom to abandon
me
he left the bathroom and he got people
he got people he left the bathroom saw
people waiting outside brought them into
the bathroom and looked underneath the
stall while I was shitting so now I'm
like uh and I'm squatting on the toilet
and I'm shitting and it's getting on my
hands and I'm rubbing it on the wall oh
my god laughing at me and then now I'm
at a toilet paper and they're staring at
me and I'm embarrassed and I'm
humiliated and ever since then I've not
been able to use a bathroom in public
places cuz I'll go to up like I get shit
so bad and I'm like no people gonna be
listen if you're going to be looking
people going to be watching I can't do
it it was horrifying I walked out of the
stall and they're laughing at me if dude
they thought camera phones weren't a
thing yet you know I would have been
filmed it would have been a worldstar it
would have been ridiculous it was
humiliating and has scarred me and it's
a short story but I wanted to tell you
guys I was taking a crap and my brother
brought people like six people into the
bathroom to stare at me while I was
shitting and that smeared poop on the
walls like
it was all over the seat it was on my
clothes I had to leave the store with
shit on me what made him do that he's an
asshole
he hated me God
yeah I'm walking through chemo with shit
on my legs embarrassed
car ride home I smelled like shit I am
sorry that is sad
that's why I'm afraid of public
bathrooms then I'm gonna get out of here
thanks for watching you guys
like subscribe hey yeah what you know
what to turn to yourself God describe
favorite fun everything for us and
that's it my arm hurts do it this way
that's it
most of the tweet if you want to see it
the link is below and I did them dad
started another honor Gaia be what's
already good you got it what on a lotto
that didn't do that
Florida ass
it's just a big damn tape I'll show you
an idea their net
