yes this is not you that's not your size
it's sheep
what's going on you guys keep me out of
camera here for to us here right bear in
today is Tuesday
today is Tuesday before we get started
if you didn't see the vlog I uploaded
yesterday I gave you guys some unseen
footage of angry grandpa we went to the
car dealership and it was hard being
there you guys it I'm feeling better
today but it was hard being at the car
dealership yesterday because all I could
feel was grandpa with me and I know that
he would love to be there and he'd be
looking at a car and I would have to get
it back that's what happened yesterday
oh yeah for sure
Claude would have been grandpa's new car
fourth time we used it dad I wish I
could have gotten you that car I love
you today's Tuesday I really know what
we're doing today I don't know either
guys I think you do a cooking vlog okay
cooking vlog choose like so much yep
that's it food me too chef Bridgette
you're not cooking I want to cook no are
you guys I got a question just anybody
else's like dogs want to eat cat poop
all the time talk about that because
Bella has a problem where she wasn't cat
poop and I don't know what to do about
know fellas perfect Bella why do you
want cat poop for stomach Bella you
can't eat that stuff okay she's trying
to get cute so we get a cat poop for
some reason every time Bella here
spilling scratching she goes in there
she hates it because of Bella I've been
having bad dreams about what what I had
a dream that my mom was eating dog food
oh you told me about this this is true
last night no you didn't my dad burnt
over boxes putting it in our pool
what is this like are you have I got
like a fecal obsession no and just
grossed out so I don't know now my
dreams are just filled with well yeah
she has some cities are you guys I don't
know what's going on let's get together
let's get some cooking guys I didn't
want to comment section to other dogs do
this cuz I don't know bridge isn't
apparently just like chocolate to them
yes I got a clean water box we can't
this is disgusting let's cook yes aren't
you advertised now let's eat let's eat
you were talking when I covered it let's
eat
we're just sitting here and we realized
we hadn't cooked on vlog in a really
long time like too long guys like it's
been way too long and something that I
don't know if we've ever made on vlog
before or not is spaghetti just typical
traditional jarred spaghetti
you're kidding right like we had to have
made that before I don't remember guys
on his own the comment have we made
spaghetti on vlog guys how about this
maybe I have but maybe bridget has not
photo chef Bridget is back stuff bridget
is bright here guy and we got 9-1-1 and
poison control on speed dial
hey yeah what 911 what if the house
burns down poison control if I die from
your sauce okay I don't know I could
drop dead cashews can we get started
no can you olive oil okay olive oil
what next off but you don't know what
next Oh YUM alright guys you just like
save as' are you gonna like saute that
with the onions what are you trying to
get your phone you're siphoning out of
their part of the why do with poison
control needed to be on the phone she
has been struggling to get these bell
peppers over 20 30 minutes please hurry
there we go it's like opening a tomb
okay hey what nothing poison control
twice
you're gonna saute your onions and your
peppers up until they're translucent
right Michael you're gonna saute your
onions and peppers until they're
translucent what's translucent mean well
they're kind of like see-through it's
kind of are you sure that it was ready
to add the meat you sure about that
you gotta get it dude you got a very
close attention to what you're doing do
because you could ruin everything
with one slip okay but by the way it is
ready for the meat what it was ready it
was fucking you're sick I add the meat
you just want to mash it up you guys
yeah go ahead you just want to mash it
up these guys I can you like tell them
directions anyone adds salt hey I want
to do your voice that's not what you
just now you wanna have pepper hey when
it's key mashing there you go nice job
girl
Thanks nothing why are you sitting like
that when I you understand sometimes I
like to sit what are you spitting in the
spaghetti oh no I'm gonna pepper off the
stuff Oh Michael cover your nose
okay that's uh Michael sumup that's
right stop it what is usually what you
do one cooking I'll never do it again
I'll tell you that why I'm not gonna be
like some servant to you I don't even
know what that means don't worry about
it google it
there's a small chance that the world
was actually subservient oh my gosh
Bridgette drop it I love when Michael
looks like a dummy I love it okay
I'm not subservient to you yeah I know
what that means
what's wrong Bridgette I can't open it
oh is it that hard
oh this is why you need somebody like me
around open it I think we both slipped
the top up I think we both need a man I
need a strong man Michael this is not
gonna work
dude working okay guys now you add sauce
from a jar are you guys it's my big
moment I'm helping for dinner yeah yeah
Bridget is about to start adding some
seasonings to this salt you can do
whatever you want whatever you want to
add to yours add it we're just trying to
salt to taste I feel like I'm filming
this at the base of a volcano she's keep
go ahead what is this
this is garlic powder sauce is a touch
bland
this is oregano leaves you just say Oh
bragging I'll do it's like a cauldron
now stir and taste click popping up dude
Michael you could just back up I wanna
watch it boil they always say a watched
pot never boils why just prove them
wrong Michael just backed up terrified
okay guys so start with your noodles
plating process you go and before I have
sauce I have to add a couple more things
because Michael is kind of like a baby
and he doesn't like just spaghetti okay
so that makes me a baby because I don't
like just me getting yeah I don't think
so
so ricotta cheese
yeah I'm adding ricotta to mind
everybody mozzarella cheese and sauce
and here it is guys what do you like to
try it babe yes I would well I get to
try it first since I cooked it okay well
you saw what you home resent me because
I eat the food first mmm this is just
hurry up
a young man if it is so amazing Bridget
don't add ricotta to your I am baby so
what it's so good idea that's good
Kaunas way to go i love it yeah it's
really good guys spaghetti turn Asiya
Bridget yes love it
look she's gone okay I'm jealous now
it's my turn to make a bowl you're just
gonna fit me it should because that was
the girl in the video oh that would be
so cute
what's cute I like when you wear hoodies
said that it's not cute I'm just wearing
an article of clothing it's cute to me
does anybody even aware what we're
talking about right now I don't know I
don't think so guys if you're not aware
for the past couple of months I have
been furiously is furiously the plethora
and now feverishly what am I thinking
ferociously I'm pissed off making music
could you stop oh man I don't know if
this'll fit or not oh I'm sure it will
though no we're keeping all that now I
love the honey hoots so today for the
past couple of months I have been
furiously dammit I have been ferociously
okay OSHA Slee working on a new album
yes parotia Slee working on new singles
and next week I'm gonna be ferociously
working on a new music video I got a guy
named Vince lund become an ally up pfv
flying out from Ohio and I'm hopefully
gonna have a new music video on the
angry grandpa show channel come February
now man I'm thinking about wearing this
today because I gotta hide my clothes
cuz of it as it is
I've got no music video clothes oh this
is the first thing it's a limited
edition stand hoodie from Eminem oh it's
so awesome it's so on I weren't yet very
excited well Snuggie just stretch it out
squeeze into it it's too tight it's too
tight to where the video it's not funny
I can't got some jeans shake this up now
I love you in jeans normally I do not
wear jeans let me get this price tag out
of the way I wouldn't want people to see
I think I'm showing off alright guys so
Michaels I know do you see the size on
it yes 58 what 40 fakes
alright okay anyway you're only still
disgusting I'm scared if you are 58
anyway these jeez nice very amazed and
where's my other stuff I don't has it
come yet
I order so much bro I know ridiculous I
want the other stuff too
this is the start of my live shirt oh
nice
yes
oh dude that is not you that's not your
size it's a sheet but when I go to shut
sores now do I gotta say yeah where
California came yeah we're twin guys
know you're on look at this
Michael this is not your size okay that
is like that's like a TEDx this is 1/10
X come on seriously
my sister joke Michael this is not your
size is 4x why do I have such a large
serve you ordered it what does it fits
me is not gonna fit you why are you
laughing you're so funny it's so loose
it's like beyond loose its bill your
scientists my thighs now no I wear
California king
no that is not your size I got an idea
oh my gosh that happiness and Paul
wanted this is a freakin table cover
hold on Bowl bro Rhodes tablecloth I
gotta be honest with you yeah I couldn't
tell it that visited that shirt instead
of blanket it okay Bridget that that is
it I neither sign I got damn I got it
okay Michael was diets
okay dieting I'm done I can't get no
bigger what size we're gonna wear next
week some your that's not your size
Bridget it will be your right opening
it's time to diet that's it okay I quit
I quit I quit tell and then if I don't
quit I can't guys I'm not committing to
him because I know I failed a lot SART
diets I stopped diets but dammit I'm
gonna try no let's commit I can't commit
not strong enough yeah you are
it's funny I just lost dad you think I
can commit to a freakin diet right now
but I got it I'm gonna make the rounds
oh my god outro guys I'm trying I'm
losing weight that's the wake-up call I
wear size double twin Queen California
king waterbed well that's gonna be a for
today you guys thanks for watching this
is it we got a try we are committing to
a diet guys we got a try this is really
like come on that's shirt I want to lose
a hundred pounds if I win I don't know I
just want to lose a hundred pounds I
gotta lose something this is crazy like
I you know I fell off when Dad started
to get sick and I really fell off after
he passed I've got to lose weight this
is yeah that shirt is a wake-up call I
need to lose weight guys it's really
seriously you guys wake-up call time to
lose weight and if I fail at least I
failed trying I can be a failure guys
cell though don't say that cuz we might
we always do
I'm hyping it up so we stick to it we'll
get crucified if we don't I mean as much
junk food as I can right now you know
your true Moo I need you
that's junk food too you know yeah are
you seriously sitting here eating block
cheese yes
are you actually for real gonna miss
block cheese me diet you're not no it's
cheese we don't eat block cheese
you know like ever Gustus for my mac and
cheese yeah we're using here I mean it's
time to lose some weight guys if you
have any advice let us know in the
comments section just don't tell me it's
the canned green beans because somebody
told me that before that ain't the
problem let me do some recipes in the
description let me know now the
description in the comments section let
me know some ideas in the comments
section we're getting out of here
lose some weight we need help guys real
severe I'm going off the rails on the
gravy train like and that's it well if
you got it so much please this is it
