what's going on you guys timbi on a
camera here
Bridget west not here and the reason
brinjal X is not here is because I
promised you guys a Bridget free intro
and now I'm in the bathroom to
accomplish that today is Monday and
today I don't know what's going on
thinking about shaving my hair thinking
about shaving my beard getting ready for
Texas another month we're going to
Wrestlemania and I like this sort of
shave it so it naturally grows back into
a certain way by the time those things
happen so I think I'm going to do that
today and that pretty much it while I'm
in here knows what pulls from Cologne
let's try some if you haven't seen the
video we uploaded yesterday grandpa made
me think that he cut his hand off with a
chainsaw they pranked me it is what it
is
I got a prank them back now gotta do it
could I have to do it sorry in advance
but I'm gonna have to prank you guys are
you better do the intro
yes that's too bad I just did the intro
no Bridget free intro it's whatever Oh
what's you crying like a little baby
mm-hmm I did in the bathroom
totally really echo and stuff but reg of
free intro whatever other guys anyways
know what's going on you guys bridge Oh
STR and today Michael is taking a shower
and as he's taking a shower he got
something in the mail and it's gonna
scare him
whoa what is that what are you doing
nothing what is this why are you filming
me I'm not I'm vlogging you're trying to
prank me in the shower
no yeah no what are you trying to do
nothing I don't never this shit dude you
know well if your water on you know I
was just coming up here to say I love
you with the camera with the camera
what's the Frank nothing yet where's my
room open
I don't know I don't know
yeah you probably don't know my shit
away nope I've had Michael okay here
what is that sebou dude ah
did you fuck it burn chunky yeah holy
shit this is a different one right no
you do not burn that I love that thing I
had to burn it it came alive don't fuck
around dude I'm sorry yeah did you get
another one yeah oh my goodness late
v-day gift oh crap that is terrifying
look at it oh oh wow look at the wires
you made me slip
this type of shit dude
just let me get to know the dog before
you terrify me with them okay they doing
I want keep him in the closet Hey
because dude I'm scared of Chucky oh my
god is body so what does your favorite
can't decide yeah they're both pretty
cool the other one looks more lifelike
this one's still terrifying though oh
yeah let me tell you something dude all
I saw was those fucking blue eyes and
those teeth when I fucking was coming
out of that room terrifying Chucky as
most terrifying fucking eyes okay rude
you have to read yourself you fully
deserve it when did you get that
freaking doll I ordered it at the same
time I came late oh my god dude well
they are fucking terrifying they're just
saying I'm the best girlfriend ever
yeah but you terrified me yeah in case
anybody was wondering where Chucky is
he's been sitting here in the freakin
laundry room and actually scaring me
last night I came in here to get a pair
of socks and we'll shit my pants
something funny Chuck I'll always test
him buzz you should see it I'll just
talk to him sometimes look dude I know
you're real okay it's cool I can get you
cigarettes whoa what make you
comfortable see how I'm doing right now
I know God here Chucky you want a weapon
there's a hammer you can kill us right
now all right we're good so yeah
afterwards I put the hammer back up but
it's my god good idea what Chucky to
have it okay so I wanted to show the
doll up close before we got out of here
the detail because this thing is fucking
nuts so the guy has the wire that goes
through Chucky's hand and you can see it
coming out the tips of his fingers
he's got the voodoo knife but the real
detail is right here in this fucking
face holy shit look at that oh my
goodness dude so he's got real teeth
looks like real fucking knives it's not
real - he's got wire and shit coming out
of his head and leaking wax and Jesus
man this guy did a really really good
job with this thing look at that so for
people who would wanted to see what it
looks like and how terrifying it really
is yeah yeah the waxing sup moves and
G's so there it is terrifying Chucky
that's gonna be a free day you guys
thanks for watching
Bridget got me another Chucky doll prank
I can't keep going oh yeah I got you
it looks great it's amazing the same guy
did I'm his Facebook link is below check
him out this guy did a phenomenal job on
both of those Chucky dolls I wish you
would've given me a heads up I started
talking to the guy you could have told
me another one gentleman Oh terrifying
me oh my god I feel like you told me
another one was coming nope are you sure
paycheck I feel like I knew but still
seeing him I'm terrified I'm like scared
to go upstairs now whatever it is what
it is thanks for watching you guys she
got me I'm gonna get her why do you
think those are your shoes sweet no dude
like you just took a shower those are
your shoes sweetie you smell like shit
your shoes smell like you fish them out
of a dumpster don't even pull that old
man blah oh in my life okay wearing your
mom's life that your shoes don't smell
like me I fished out of a garbage can
that's right because they do they smell
your hands like that you smell good
I do i somewhere that's life but smell
great right now me don't your dad's
gonna dine out he's really sick I smell
great you're smelling your own shoes
don't die ah my old life favorite
from
I just told you it from night one
usually say on camera okay
but the beach
hips
