keep on calling me and keep on going
keep on boy you got
yeah
yeah you gonna show you goddamn waiter
over to him you know yelling in my ear
man I'm gonna get nervous oh yeah yeah
oh yeah yeah yeah you're doing come on
man get that I get told you you go cut
that tree down I'm stupid Eisen alright
alright I guess my day got cut your
goddamn not done not at me I take your
cock how do we know where to stand I
don't know will you shut up where's it
gonna fall at can fall that way we're
gonna fall right Cooney trees if you
can't turn here pushes it it'll go way
to you're five foot straightening dude
don't be messing around with this thing
dude lissa the pole on come on man give
to the cut and then we got all goddamn
day four dip cookie piggy piggy piggy
will you watch it
seriously I don't like this dude you
late now - right now
Haley's not here beside don't realize
that farther more so dad's got you doing
all the work huh that's crazy
he's definitely oh yeah look at him
walking inside right there oh let me
tell you something you guys ain't right
what the pranky poll to me forced me to
do it Michael it was fine go on it is
well we have done if wood of course that
fence dude hey it wouldn't I would not
have been funny dude what are you doing
all this tree what's gonna happen here I
guess what's gonna burn holy crap but
lots of smell side bonfire something
that's a winner that's like fire for the
ever all summer all winter yeah really
good blue this shit dude this is this is
I can't believe he's making you do it
all like what the hell
then we could tear apart the trampoline
cuz he cut that thing all up not us
this is him and yo dad's idea
Oh Doug get me more of that I mean your
dad got together on this a couple of
days ago don't blame my dad yeah him in
your dad man please don't let him cut
down that tree that's gonna fall in the
fucking house
oh yeah how'd it be cost you like all
the cops to be tried yeah that ain't
happening or call me and I'll call the
cops yeah yo you are lousy goddamn
worker
I could've cut I ain't paying if you got
work to do you than shit hey if I can't
get the point I'm goddamn pieces will
hit me you know wizard had to go Danny
hey stop it
y'all hit me you dumbass I sort of guide
you wonder liquor the only you're gonna
go into somewhere mom she licked my ass
yeah then get your nose out of the way I
don't know about me he's got his own
nose of his own ass face is just asses
knows it away you wish you as Woodburn
ha ha the only couldn't make a reference
to my goddamn wood you're the one gram
yeah you undoing it I got good I got
wood we got a mail guy l.l.bean
over here man okay different man blue he
wish he had wood desert
okay Lord don't hit the police out again
decimals annoying one keep it up you'll
hear that sound for real in the front
yard you're lucky you didn't hear that
when you're most crushed to fail I can't
talk we beat them cover Guardian hello
would you stop falling with a damn
camera like a fucking puppy dog no you
are a puppy dog I'm gonna film you know
you puppy you're a bad dog who cut trees
I'm about to spank you for it my trees
well now I guess you're cruising in your
trees no I'm not gonna say that but you
could you stops we could talk for just a
minute no don't talk don't talk me
through that thing what do you not care
that yuma tsukumo do you not care you
don't care the jewels crush the fence
knock him down Atticus
damn girl
what
would you do
