that's Clyde drinking water right now is
he done what's going on you guys can't
be out of camera here right here right
there and today is Thursday and today
that was - Shannon it was very very shit
like swifting and daddy work for me
once again we break up hey hey we have
it we give it a shot
friends when are we getting back
together now what's going on you guys
kid behind the camera here
visu ass here right there and today
no more Shannon stuff today it's
Thursday and today we're going over to
grandpa's we're going over to Grandpa's
house because I want to make sure he's
not still mad cuz if you didn't see the
vlog yesterday this happened what the
hell story chase of it at that saloon
taxes stick to Sunday yo nigga fuck
outta here yo please don't have another
packet he's on the cheesy season we
gonna have milk her back get the milk
help him out ah Jesus Christ
now usually I would keep egging him on
and maybe it would lead to something
bigger than throwing taco me in the
trash but it just felt off and it just
felt like awkward and strange it is
weird until we got out of there but
today I'm gonna go over his house and
I'm gonna find out what the fuck is
going on that's today okay like I would
do that anyway let's get this Thursday
started grandpa what the fuck is your
problem style you did that on purpose
try to be Shannon an it man yeah try to
fill Bella's little cute squishy face
right now
Oh filling Bella's face she sitting by
the door ready to come in I thought
she'd want a little bit of fresh air
you got hate fresh air so do I what are
you guys up to
Felix and Bello just like chillin
together are we on to something you're
doing Bella
what do you envy myself no it's so cute
if do X I never get to see you no no
wait of course he does you guys we gotta
go to her grandpa's house you guys be
good okay
hey both need to repair we're not mess
up anything severely can't scratch a
little belly huh
oh Jesus I don't know what's happening
what in the hell is wrong with you dude
okay book club enjoy myself so how is so
dangerous I came over here to talk to
dad Oh and discuss why he was so pissed
off on the taco meat yesterday and then
this happens
can you see what that is the trees have
fallen all over your yard you take your
anger out that's good I got a surprise
cut before your neck in a couple months
what's that mean you'll find out a
couple months what the hell happened to
Charlie Gomez's oven damn nose piece of
wood are you serious you all right yeah
just kind of yeah can't see it so I come
on back home
ain't tell when you dug up a megaphone
come on don't get that damn thing again
so dad decided to cut down his trees
because he liked the way they look
whatever the hell reason was in Auto boy
what I do no one not only did he almost
kill us not only did he maybe right now
not only do they made me think he cut
off his damn hand but he almost crushed
the trampoline and his fence tonight you
went too far this time dude how you get
away Tupac I'll do that yeah but you
what would you have done if you crush
the freaking fence I'll predict your bug
well this is exactly the bra isn't it
I was a kid you nails little wood
got-damn can't walk all this is gonna be
going all this my find Jimmy Hoffa here
zone with Jesus Christ I find Jimmy
Hoffa in your bedroom might be cheese
dad please don't mess with that thing
now I'm talking I want to talk about how
you put that thing down I ain't for the
dad like this my new is my new vowel if
I throw a ball you go fetch it go get a
Michael go all your dog happened Emma
Michael what is that my penis oh yeah
right
you were you wish look you love my penis
you wish yo you it no I don't wish
that's dangerous damn below wood I got
would like that I was just like that
this is fucking stupid dad
hey get your ass to work well break no
Daniel brings my damn you'll my down get
busy turning on my da you're on his dime
about what he's paying me to hit ball
right I thought opinion listen to die
yeah I'm feeding your ass tonight shut
up
I just hope you're throwing the trash
yeah I want to what does the only people
call my shit garbage tacos because you
tossed dark meat in the trash
it didn't go well something with the
trash why would the hell is your anger
problem with that yesterday a bottle
that's what I'm talking about right
there
I got your anger hang in
well you weren't up I can't tell if
you're in a good mood a bad mood
you were in a great mood when you're
destroying those trees I loved it
UWB try it I was afraid was gonna crush
me you need to feel better you need to
loosen up some man do you feel better
letting all your anger around
oh yeah you do I let my anger I feel
better my gonna come a foot I'll do
something I'm not even gonna air the
Frank you did what
I'm not even gonna put it on YouTube I
will push out there Bridget oh well come
on not me
they don't want to see that yeah they do
okay so after dad cut down the trees
which that video is going up tomorrow
they decided to prank me make me think
dad cut off his damn hand I wonder why
you thought goddamn have done the boy's
family don't you say I did that
Bridget he that was definitely are you
oh not me do you do thing like you feel
doing it well not you okay you don't
ever do it hurt you didn't do shut up
you have you know you have no
accountability with your anger
you took the chainsaw to the trampoline
are you doing oh man do it
don't his ear oh me though
Bridget was right here over here follow
bike it's not work again
when was this broken you like music this
what you came to me yeah oh come on hey
sirens that's gonna be for today you
guys thanks for watching dad
at least he feels better I don't know if
it translated well enough what just
happened while we were at dad's house
he's sitting I'm trying to talk to him
in the kitchen and all of a sudden I'm
gonna cook that some goddamn cheese and
it goes in the backyard and starts
cutting down trees I was getting like
mad watching it because I felt like
scared dude I was scared I was really
scared for you so he cuts that one tree
and it lands in the middle of the yard
he got that another tree it almost
crushes his fence he cuts down another
tree almost crushes the trampled it was
ridiculous I thought I was gonna die
that video is going up tomorrow then
afterwards Bridget and dad decided to
prank me no not me no you were filming
it you had them known you knew I know
they made me think dad caught off his
damn hand with a chance on that I'm not
entirely sure it was really funny like
I'm sorry that I'm not entirely sure
wanna upload click like if you want to
see that prank and I'll probably upload
a Sunday I don't know if I want to
upload it though let me know if you guys
want to see grandpa making me think he
cut off his damn hand you really took
that route dude I was freaking scared to
death Oh made me think my father cut his
hand off sorry
anyway that's gonna be today you guys
thanks for watching I don't know if
dad's in a better mood or not hi I can't
tell I can't really tell you they was
happy
cutting down those trees yeah baby whoo
cheese you're gone I don't he didn't
even care that he almost crushed that
fence he did not give a shit I'm gonna
get out here thanks for watching you
guys like subscribe favorite well-known
everything for to us and this wind is
crazy it's very crazy it was so creepy
laughs that was the end this one's crazy
good one
it was like so freaking scary last night
he's on the cheese's he's gonna milk for
them get the milk help them out Jesus
Christ don't film this virgin he fell
fuck me in the trash
oh we're gonna send you out ahead milk
with cheese seasoning you gotta be
fucking kidding me with this anger shit
you got going counters holy cow
