what's going on you guys kid beyond a
camera here vigils tear right there
and today we're Shannon yeah I didn't
like that moment at all
it felt i don't be with you no more
Shannon it was good Ronald today is
Wednesday and today we're going to get
pause and today we got kiss no thought
about it
let me tell miss a thing okay me way out
the options of kissing you okay if I
kiss her she feels loved uh-huh okay but
if I kiss her I have to smell her breath
oh I've got a kiss her financial why do
you smell like ketchup you know what I
open up to you for a kiss now you're the
ketchup girl no I you are this bitch
smells like ketchup
I mean eyes delight guts up today
Bridget smells like ketchup and today
Michaels gonna get shower and ketchup
anyway today we're going over angry
today we're going over oh let's get this
wednesday of started grandpa style
oh that looks rock you know that onion
is rotten dad you can't use it he would
have if I went here to film it he
wouldn't touch it oh dude how old are
these onions you know that good I
thought it's the beef we won't say that
the inner all I got in bunion
well you've been feeling better oh yeah
you look like you seem happier then you
have been a lot happier so I had an idea
I wanted to run by you what uh I know
you like to try Burger King I know they
let you down last time okay
I realized Burger King left you down
what about we were deem it with their
new product they got a new product you
have just came out what hot dogs no way
Burger King sells grilled hot dogs now
maybe they're good hey you know why they
got don't like milk Oh dad to this day
thanks the NOFA has the best hot dog
he's ever had Sunoco yeah they're the
best hot dog delivery that is not true
my hot dogs are the best hot dog you
ever eat come over to my other better
this now go oh yeah I think so good hot
dogs but Burger King sells hot dogs now
and I want you to try it it's reserved a
my little ass shit they had that it
probably won't be it might be good click
like if you want grandpa to try the
Burger King hot dogs and I will do it
Friday I'll be brutally honest well
that's what they like about it is I
obviously they're good I you know I used
to be Burger King could do no wrong to
that but now after that chicken sandwich
he's really pessimistic about them yeah
I got a mess ain't category it's like a
windy what's wrong Wendy's Whitford town
that is not true
that's good Wendy's is good we're gonna
bring it but your mother would America
burgers
where's lesson you've been to Wendy's
long time go be a long time I was go
back man they had the smoked guta burger
the thing was delicious so what I smoked
gouda cheese it's a cheese good yeah
there ain't no freakin freakin bag in
that garbage can you know you've got
your brother put one in there boy I
don't do that no more man Wow what's
that
Oh what who's right here oh yeah I heard
you we're talking about I don't use it
I'm gonna talk about how long would you
send in there Jesus it right here whole
town over phone look my duty now have
you got a goddamn lounge chair he landed
up the goddamn phone
Danny there's a rift between grandpa Joe
do a goddamn thing is that gonna better
mood lately
yeah has man he's been real good man
after all that bullshit what goddamn
tomato sauce was goddamn here would you
think that's how poor the goddamn tomato
sauce rooms goddamn hit it's all you
hear that what he said he's gonna throw
tomatoes on what you know you won't come
on start trouble what you got in me I
just you said African you would do I
want to hear it what you leave always
don't roll
no he doesn't always starting trouble oh
yeah
that kid in DJ's you need a washing
machine
what's that mean cuz you're an educator
inside I don't know that me yeah yeah
yeah I don't get that joke okay I don't
understand it Oh Charlie you'll have a
piece you get her because it was stupid
yeah an agitator inside what what cleans
you goddamn clothes that goddamn thing
educated man like this don't sound right
clothes yeah motherfucking me yeah
nothin nothin at all
I'll believe you why would I do
something to hang meat oh my god man so
there isn't he he thinks somewhere that
I cross spinners I'm good
you definitely didn't do that though I
definitely did spinning yeah I know
thought it piston of him yeah I walked
out in the streets of oh wow care to
what I didn't say nothing you shut up it
puts me off why dude I didn't I did not
spin in there it was not a big glob of
spit I would not have done don't you
want you did to it I didn't do anything
you did something like it wasn't a low
gear anything as soon as Judy packs of
seasoning hello
you either shit I want who's fuckin his
puppy me or you yeah that's true what
the hell
sterling taste it there dad back click
soon packs of citizen do need you fuck
outta here yo please don another packet
he's having the cheesy season you gonna
have milk abet get the milk help him out
stop oh Jesus Christ
I'm gonna get the milk help him out oh
Jesus Christ
what Keith isn't go film this Bridget
he felt the through the fuckin me the
trash all again said you got a head milk
with cheese seasoning you gotta be
fucking kidding me with this anger shit
you got going on dude holy cow Sam so we
still have not go there anyone some form
of pongos right now it's garbage tacos
Bridget just leave them alone about it
we were joking I like to teach about my
food doing a joke it look good just then
do me toss it in the garbage
ah debbie downer
what nobody was a grudge is why if it
crashed this is just like I know you'd
be tossed it from the stone you fuckin
tossed it from the stove into the
garbage can
oh my god hey never in photos of food
wait up
so for everybody watching if you want to
know how I pissed off anger grandpa
that's how I do it you dig it took a
little bit in that hard is there any
meat in the garbage can you can salvages
you know don't you
it was like a significantly less
hamburger bhai phota what Jesus Christ
that month away start over and you start
over
leave it I'm not eating garbage tacos
did you go B go throw something else
white don't dead put it all back help
you have the angle come here we didn't
do anything wrong for the night now
inside dad is not like people talking
about his food man have I ever who cares
if I ever no of course not
it's not like loosely didn't even like
spit a loogie a nun or anything my gosh
you know we really spin it right huh you
don't really spin it right
oh this is this is unbelievably we shake
now dude no I don't want to leave yet
because all the wait till he gets over
because once we leave he's talking shit
about us for the night or if you buy the
black and you go after their house I
have a visa you guys you think we're
talking to you through Hamburg be in the
garbage man or nothing all you said he
got the wrong seasoning mix it he added
too much seasoning maybe did because he
realized it was too much season
well Charlie here has an ham sandwich
ruin your dinner chuckling ah sorry
forgot dad can't take a joke one day
more chili once he leaves the room I'm
gonna make him fart ready
no stop it cut it out
okay there's a lot of meat there dad is
the mouth is one thing to put all the
shit out don't fill the meeting the
track it looks good I'm think about
garbage nothing nothing hit the garbage
oh yeah this is plenty this is fine
angry get up Charlie tell him it's fine
it's fine
there's only a tiny bit garbage juicer
no it does it the pots out on top of the
garbage
look no garnishes and it tastes good
you'll have it I tell I wash my hands
this is it thanks for watching I'm out
of Dad's house now we're not welcome I'm
out Michael we need to talk about your
dad I don't want to talk about it right
now
we should talk about it I have a
question why the hell was that so
awkward I don't know like there was
something about today that made it more
awkward than usual
something is pissing him off and I don't
even know what it is the thing isn't
even the jokes
it couldn't be we do it all this has to
have a look at there's another reason
he's pissed off and he's not letting it
out this is what happens when he gets
pissed off and he doesn't tell anybody
and he doesn't talk about his feelings
he gets cold with that I you know I
think it's kind of shit all the time
hahaha you had too much seasoning you
know he threw fucking pot I know what
the hell but for some reason it's never
usually when he destroyed the TV it
wasn't awkward I know but he threw a pot
of meat in a trash can and it just went
super awkward broke awake what if what
if he's actually mad about trying the
hot dogs yeah that can't be yet
because he hates for kicking so much I
do know he's trying to do a bunch of
yard work maybe he's like a bunch to do
and he's man I don't I don't know dude I
don't know
girlfriend he misses like one of the
next I don't know what to say what if he
got rejected by Warren I don't know do
but that was awkward now was like yeah
he's like a sour bitter I want to I
wanted to leave immediately meets hell I
was one of those things were like I know
if I left he's gonna talk shit yeah like
if we leave right then probably wasn't
here for him for like a month
yeah guy said that shit he does you guys
oh yeah when he flips out and I can't
reach him it's because a dumb little
shit like that and so I probably won't
hear from him for I don't know if we're
throwing video now Oh
click like if you wanted to do the
Burger King video and we'll do it anyway
I'll make him do it this is crazy dude I
know anyway that's gonna be it for today
you guys thanks for watching somebody
kind of funny happened right after we
filmed that scene in the fridge
grandpa texted me this picture yeah he
made the tacos he made the tacos and
sent me a picture I don't know he was
inviting me between you and I those are
garbage tacos the meat was good he's
gonna watch this ha ha he's gonna be
even more pissed off garbage juice tacos
grandpa don't piss no they were not
garbage to tacos dude I freaked out for
no reason I'm gonna get out of here
thanks for watching you guys the tacos
were fought anyway I'm gonna get out of
here I'm annoyed knowing I was gonna
house with have a good day that was
looking forward to the tacos anyway
thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe favorite fun on everything
rejoiced wait what is that Twitter's
dot-com Flush spritzer why do I don't
look
is it bleeding okay dad Oh God you yeah
I got filthy feet in a disgusting house
