I usually just walk in I can't even see
you notice time I can't see through the
door this time have clothes they did
that comes along my collar told you the
other night so Joe goes back here we
throw on this wait again no here you go
will you won't turn you off the hell I
can't have strike are you cooking your
shit ton of oh my god are you joking I
can't get on any cookies you want every
flavor they got your art company show
this is what he does instead of getting
late he buys cookies what are you doing
she's good there was another box room
store there's more dude can I have some
God
well I heard you how to cook out Charlie
told me and I'm here for I just
mentioned it you came my advice come on
party or what
they usually make little groupable it's
funny dude you like banging around germs
germs is that what you're doing it yeah
if he's your so germaphobic the guy who
I literally saw piss on a pile of
clothes one time bad guys germaphobic
babies kindness food though which is
good dinner I would say by that were
just one time I walked into the kitchen
I saw dad piss on a pile of clothes in
life there's a lie I did not buy these
years ago I did not piss my Polish
clothes yeah you did why did he do it I
don't know cuz you want to walk to the
bathroom too lazy ha gee whiz
Daniel oh I'm working I got it you don't
make you to fuck up soup sandwich I've
never understood that reference I think
everybody can fuck up a soup sandwich
I gotta make a soup sandwich how the
fuck do you make a soup sandwich you go
Budwig idea of lightbulb man I'm trying
to fit I didn't fuckin tangled man I
can't ham goddamn okay here we go
okay hold this woman oh my god please
teamwork makes the dream work
what the hell's going on here fucking
Burma guys you burned my goddamn solid I
got it man do the things that infernal
what are we gonna do hold police call
the fire department no we turn it off
what we do and you burn up my
motherfucking grill man Oh God
holy crap Oh holy shit yeah you gotta
head can you teach me how to cook your
there's a spatula yeah go do me out to
it it will fuck
here you do it oh yeah really see me got
with hey Gogol motherfucker yo girl come
a pilgrim you just use a spatula last
one oh I guess you fuck you will you
come bitch why are you doing that for
bridge you go get some water
what do you get my buddy great white
over why I got invited goodies great
girl eww what's wrong you know your
window looking motherfucker I did but
you don't put water on goddamn grease
you spread shit
hey serious no I'm God you go get water
you got gear you oh look at this thing
shut up god damn dude
idiot chill out dad it was a joke
Michael Ford I'm sorry
come here we hug oh my girl hug fucking
fired
oh well thanks for having us over for
dinner we're leavin all right now Oh
what you're going damn
what is this you're making a ham - yeah
tomorrow don't even think about it I
know you know I am yeah but you having
some output ancient yeah I'm making
dressing are you really
yep oh man veterans but uh string beans
and I'm invited no well it was good you
almost set your house on fire to grill
yo you're your brother well Charlie did
that yeah
and all at all it's a good Sunday with
anger ground fall yeah was a good day
first for everything alright hey he's
true there's a first for everything okay
if you got your damn whistle first that
mean no that man that's gonna be it for
today you guys a little emotional right
now
um so I'm mommy crying because dad was
just crying and that gets me worked up
for those of you who don't know uh for
the past I guess you wouldn't since
August
we have been extorted by somebody that
dad thought was a friend and the guy was
saying I have proof that you're fake and
I've got calls and he's been scaring dad
and dad uh last week dad went to the
hospital for chest pains because this
guy scared him so bad and that that's
when I was like you know what fuck this
guy I'm going to tell everybody and so I
posted it on Twitter I told everybody
what was happening and just now we did
an interview with drama alert and
keemstar and it's good to get this out
of the public because watching my dad
deal with this for so long and being
scared that this guy is gonna you know
tell everybody dad's fake and dad's
gonna lose his subscribers cuz you guys
mean so much to that and it was so
important am that I just wanted to tell
you guys so I'm gonna get out of here
you know I don't know if my videos gonna
go up before Keane stars but eventually
I'm gonna add his link to the
description below you know keemstar gets
a lot of shit but I'm really happy that
he reached out to me because we didn't
have an outlet to let people know that
we're being extorted otherwise and I
went on a Twitter rampage about it and
this guy reached out to me and I really
appreciate it man thank you so much
and I'm just glad that you know I told
Dad I don't you know I don't want to
lose any subscribers but I'd rather lose
everything then lose him and that's the
God's honest truth I don't want to lose
my father over bullshit
so I'm a daddy thanks for watching you
guys like subscribe favorite and that's
it
