can I come in demon up in Peru come on
we're hungry yeah hey that'd look good
for you can I have some Charlie you know
you got me scared to come in I'll call
Lorne for you and you can hook up
tonight how again well you know what
that's not my problem man oh shit
you do that oh you do that I'm gonna
call it first until you're talking shit
about you don't wanna now I'm gonna tell
you trying to stop with me like anyway
you look you don't need you hard Bridget
is that true no eat up babe danger pet
book no he is not you you don't have to
take your anger out on me that your date
didn't work out honey and you do like it
uh no good petunia pig still huh
Michele's back baby he'll like be
beautiful I a dog Michels back and she's
hotter than ever let the dogs in ooh I
got a better question
look at this Bronco pants and a Bronco
coffee cup what the hell man I can't Fig
Newton you've already switched teams oh
my god the Super Bowl you already
switched this I got digging now this I
want to dig into for real who what
you're a bucking Broncos fan all of a
sudden yeah right
but Carolina you only get one shot with
me that they don't shot it oh you saw
the shot with me I don't mean I can't we
did this that's war massage your
shoulders no you know I don't wanna do
any more man you don't mourn oh my god
and so I wouldn't go home look right at
my hand you don't
Oh whoo you're probably right you better
get out of my face dude I don't walk do
it ain't fucking funny here
uh top dude what he got shut fuck up
I'll give it to you so I don't know yeah
I don't know that's dad told you about
Michelle and off he said he said he had
a day he was talking to I didn't tell me
that's all I said
I never told him I like that then told I
won't suck my dick go straight don't go
my balls or mouth but you see if you
went to the profile it would say that a
favorite food is catfish that should've
given it away
so the one we do out of a tent oh ho ho
chop-chop come go I had a date go alone
take me okay I would go and wear this
but I'll change him something nice why
don't you call Gorn high without a good
dog five your chance to win dole or Jane
Eyre here ah yeah you're pissing me off
so now you go break my counter huh I'm
backing a good move
oh you eat ruined Michelle spastic
spiritual bank in the game
are we partying is there some time for
those balls in the mouth oh my god that
guy's even steer yeah you want a
Cleveland steamer what fuck that oh my
god
you like what you see him I'd hit Kenya
girl my fucking life Michael
tutti-frutti would it be name is Lee I
never hint a tutti fruiti would dr.
Frankenberger over here in just seven
days honey I can make you oh man
so depressed guess you ain't get with
the model night I've been fucking out a
bit all got a baby toy it's been a while
something able to get that I know right
other plans goddamn doing all day you
know that he can say you might not be
coming home yeah no goodness Mara I have
read the goddamn hotel room for the
night
what's go sleeper Thomas Hill everyone
wants to rub one out on a hotel room oh
my god I might be sleeping military
wealthy now with me I'll take Ivy right
here in my man let me tell you there's a
major difference between jerking off at
home I'm jerking off in the hotel room
you did Google Calvin I'm probably
flying out tonight hotel room do your
privacy you lay out the sheets you get
some of that fat free lotions they give
you oh yeah it's like an experience you
be Native when you're at home it's gotta
be quick but when you're in a hotel
who's knocking long strokes yeah massage
employ intensify gel
who is it worry I did board the day on
for you tonight you so shove it up your
ass
oh my god now it's got Michelle sent oh
there you go citizen murder
I like that Bob peace hey I still got
feelings you you only like me tonight
anyways most punish my time of the month
any chocolate no they were false tears
go home mmm
I was back for Oh God
whatever Michelle thank you Oh God
