tonight it's all about rosanna rosanna
is like my favorite show ever when the
kids were young Roseanne would come on
and no matter what was going on in my
house it stopped
we had to watch Rosie and it didn't
matter I made sure I watched Roseanne
hell I can not I had a heart attack
those Amazon I wait until the show's
over before I go to dock so I was a
loyal fan when I heard the other day
that Roseanne is coming back for another
season man I was in heaven I'm telling
y'all man I freaked out and the only I
got to say
his roses for Rosie Rosie is my rose and
we'd pick these out of my yard
these are my rose that I'm going
what's going on you guys
get me on a camera here fortuitous here
right there
and today is frozen day today is rose
and and you guys don't know what rose
and day is it is the premiere for season
10 of Roseanne and with that comes a
little bit of bitterness and sadness
because grandpa was looking forward to
this stage so much he was so excited
about Roseanne coming back and
unfortunately he's not able to watch it
but dad we're gonna be watching it for
you because today is a cooking vlog guys
if you didn't know for those who've
never seen Roseanne before in the show
she had her own restaurant in that
restaurant
she sold loose meat sandwiches so today
that's what we cook at least be Santa's
guys before we go on I want to talk to
you guys about something if you didn't
see yesterday's vlog Jennifer just
experienced a serious heartbreaking
terrible loss and I was hoping to talk
to you guys about hopefully fixing it
because guys when grandpa was passing
apparently he told Kim and Jennifer to
take pictures with him because it was
the last time that they would be able to
do it and so Jennifer and Kim took
pictures and apparently yesterday
Jennifer was telling me that her phone
broke and the pictures gone and she
doesn't know how to retrieve it and I
can't explain how heartbreaking that
actually is the last picture she took
with her father is gone and she can't
save it she doesn't know how and it's
horrible and it's sad and I was hoping
you guys could know a way to fix it let
us know in the comment section if
there's a way to retrieve those photos
from her phone because it would be a
really horrible loss to lose them and
never be able to have them again guys
today is rose and
and today is pretty sad no come on no
we're gonna live for him today and do
good making some sandwiches do this in
celebration of Roseann day you guys I
decided to do a little bit of cookin now
when you're celebrating the world
premiere of season 10 of Roseanne Oh
what do you cook loose meat sandwiches
of course
Lanford loose meat sandwiches guys this
is the Roseanne loose meat sandwich
recipe courtesy of angry grandpa only
we're gonna tweak it up a little bit
guys if you didn't see the video we
uploaded last year angry grandpa already
made these fangs now I'm gonna see if I
can do better I can't I spent about an
hour looking up loose meat sandwich
recipes you guys that's hard to say
which one should be the Roseanne recipe
because it's a fictional sandwich all of
the recipes that I saw said to start
with a form of lard or grease or butter
or something to get it started to really
cook those onions and get into some
flavor so I started with bacon I'm not
eating the bacon but I'm cooking it and
we're using the lard from the bacon
bacon is out
diced onion as the Edna oh now we gotta
make them burn
you're gonna be alright let's not freak
out just yet okay I can tell on your
face you're freaking out I am oh my god
there's like no bacon grease these
artists what happened
where's it ah you like screwed dinner my
thing
don't say that there has to be a way to
check out that I did there's good the
bacon grease is mixed with the onions
okay so why is there so much fat on this
bacon it was birdies I took it off early
it is time I've got it guys this is a
mega-size uh uh here's a whole cow all
right one cow we're sorry that's not
normal right
I don't know I can't tell smell I'm
smelling I don't get brain parasites it
doesn't have a smell it's fine okay one
pink hamburger it can't be bad by the
time grab him in a meatloaf with grey
needs don't you freakin beggars across
our remember we didn't need it no we did
we've done it never that's it I'm gonna
fresh garlic that's good okay okay well
that's all a lot of bit of salt I did
not add up just so much sergeant
oh my god we got a bunch of stubborn
don't overdo this okay pepper okay
Hepburn do that now what you want to
mash up this handle to meet you guys
repeatedly until it's little crumbles
you don't want like chunks of hamburger
meat you want fine like loose meat yeah
like it was like it was on the show
disciplines what kind of animal is
ground beef huh what kind of animal is
ground beef
beef yes Bridget beef is beef no there's
different types of beef
like what is think it's beef it's all
the same thing animal
okay what about roast beef oh my god
Bridget it's all one animal no what is
it
tell you what one conversation
restriction till the end of this hole
okay Michael
yes sir Michael there's one animal that
can create burgers and steak and roast
beef and loose meat sandwiches oh it's
you I can't tell anymore if you're
joking or not and I'm getting scared for
you you're joking it's cow cow bovine
seriously yes no Michael this you're
right you know all of things this is
chicken
oh I'm saying there has to be more than
one animal where this comes from
it does hey if it does they're not
telling us and they're gluing it with
like some nice rib meat
where does rib meat come from laughs all
right I'm done dude I'm seriously
gumming you're making me mad because I
don't believe you dude Brittany so okay
when I go to freaking swig it's fine or
sticky fingers order ribs Oh Bridget no
I bet it comes from a pig pig ropes I
mean that might be possible now I don't
even know okay I was thinking about not
draining all this but what do you think
yeah I kind of think yeah yeah you need
a strainer no actually the plan is gonna
be just pour it all over my body okay
well you just should go in the shower
for that
Bridget I don't need to hear this right
now could Oh hot water now okay we're
not having sandwiches next up some brown
sugar oh yeah you go crazy on this
that's plenty
you don't make it sweet you'll ruin it
yeah don't ruin this guy's a little bit
of apple cider vinegar just uh wow that
much maybe a little more maybe a little
more than what I said mustard now
mustard was not in what is that it's all
in it now strain it again just cut it
out of log let's stop using it be
careful
okay it's mustard either way or kind of
grows out of mustard now just stir it in
it was just you know that happened
disgust brown sugar apple cider vinegar
mustard and mustard water no next up is
a little beef broth and we're just gonna
let it sit here and cook you guys gonna
cook for a while actually when I say a
while I mean like 20 minutes we're just
gonna let it cook down let all this
juice evaporating it and then we should
be done by the way we seized them to
taste what we just had was kind of bland
so we added more salt we added more
pepper
I added some onion powder and I added
some garlic powder he just sees until
it's something that you like we also
added a little more mustard and some
apple cider vinegar we weren't done yet
roseann comes on in about 30 minutes you
guys in the loose meat sandwiches should
be done in about 20 so before all that I
decided to come out here and just talk
I'd like to talk to you guys sometimes
especially when I'm feeling some kind of
a way and right now I'm feeling some
kind of a way I'm just sitting here
thinking about how how happy dad was
when he found out Roseann was coming
back
and he's never gonna be able to see it
and that's something weird that I deal
with actually that's something strange
that I confront with when I think about
death because death really screws my
head up and one of the things that
screws me up and maybe it shouldn't like
this is a secret you better learn about
me you guys maybe it shouldn't bother me
but I think about people who were
excited about something that was coming
on TV or a movie or whatever and they
never get it because they pass away like
I think about dad
loving the walking dead and he doesn't
get to see the season premiere I think
about Roseanne how he was so excited and
he doesn't get to watch it come on and I
think about that and it really just hit
to me so dad I don't know if you're
gonna be watching tonight but I am and I
wanted to thank you for instilling to me
at a young age how important family was
and part of that was because of Roseanne
it was the only show we watched together
as a family we gather around we'd watch
we'd laugh sometimes we'd cry and
through that I grew a bond with dad that
could never be broken
so let's go finish cooking
not the vlog I thought I will be crying
in but dad I wish you could watch it I
wish you could it was our show let's go
cook you guys loose meat sandwiches
roseanne style I hope I changed it off
your recipe a little bit dad but so far
yours was better I'll admit it it's time
to assemble now one roseanne I saw on
one episode this is what she does with
her buns
okay she's getting good and just wet
that's the Roseann way that is so cool
followed by mustard mustard all right
that's good okay okay and loose meat I
got a lie outside yeah the only meat now
pickles it could be done now you could
choose add cheese on yours if you want
for this one I'm doing at the Roseann
way just like that there you have a
loose meat sandwich diet damn it's
burning me damn burning ass sandwich
good oh yeah all right let me try it it
is good it's Barden the hell out of my
face but it's good okay
we got sloppy joe without any of that
disgusting sauce okay
I told her to wait is your words yeah
it's gonna hurt to eat
ah it's good it's really good here we go
here it is Bridget oh it's back
what Roseann just went off the air you
guys and wow that was freaking amazing
they did not miss a beat the show was
just as funny as it ever was it was just
as topical that was wow that was amazing
dad you would have loved it he would
have loved it guys that was awesome that
was worth the wait I wish that gonna
seen that well that's gonna be a pretty
day you guys thanks for watching Roseann
was awesome dad I wish you could have
watched it with me it was good I loved
it I loved it so much it was so great I
cannot wait for more seriously it was it
blew my expectations away I'm really
excited Roseann congratulations so happy
this show is back thanks for watching
you guys
we made loose meat sandwiches we talked
about grandpa we had a good time
bridges going bald again bald again
Bridget usually all it means is you got
to take a bath okay I played for at
night that means you can't bathe we can
go big right now right after this intro
your I feel like you babe giving me I
watched my toe last night okay do it
again it was that bad doctor nobody said
that
that's where check freaking mentions I
gotta go to the doctor for my toe why I
don't know people thinking get infected
I'm gonna be okay yeah like subscribe
let's go wash your towel favourite
everything for to us let's go wash my
toe and your
