what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here but to us he are right there
and today is I think it's Martin Luther
King Day actually my was a King day guys
happy Martin Luther King Day I want to
first of all just take a minute to say
thank you to Martin Luther King for
everything that you've done for people
for everybody thank you for your message
I don't think it will ever be forgotten
guys today is Martin Luther King Day and
today we got to run a whole bunch of
errands yeah and Michael is not happy
with it I really don't think I should
have to go you should go why gotta get
did you give me one good reason I'll go
you love me that's not good that's not a
good reason we're done all right I'm
running errands today we're going to
Crewe Chevrolet Bridget decided to get
me a way earlier that I wanted to get up
because we got to go turn her car in is
called just going in okay going in all
right forget it
seems over we're gonna come fix our
plate what's going on sir service we
just had to take a detour because they
were fixing a railroad and I don't know
where I'm at and our GPS like please
make a turn left keeps making you want
to go back on Main Street it's like
where are you going
yeah after 700 feet onto chalid and
drive no okay we're going on this I
think I even know the rawness I don't
know the route and I'm stay there's this
big industrial bedding follow these cars
leave us along GPS for some reason the
GPS doesn't want to reroute I know where
we're going even though I don't drive
I'm well once too right no well yeah we
are taking the next left actually yeah
we have to what if I turned right you
Bridget just trust me
like left okay yeah we're getting in a
fight on vlog folks this is it you just
trust me oh good
okay super keeps rerouting it turn next
left they make the second oh my gosh
shut up seems to be rowdy Goes Down it
could be like the next letter left after
two months is she oh wait a minute two
miles the Sun oh I think she finally
gave up she's like you know what take
your own I don't care anymore if our GPS
was a significant other she would be
like you know what just go your own way
okay no you don't trust me anymore
you don't listen to me oh my gosh I try
to tell you her like I'm leaving I'm
sorry I'm leaving you for another voice
guys we're going to what we're doing
again I wonder if anyone's in love with
their GPS that would be weird what are
they but that would be so weird did you
imagine if somebody was actually in love
with her GPS and it's not that far from
the truth like I've seen it like an
episode of like MTV true life where like
I'm in love with my video game just
imagine being in love with your GPS like
what are you doing today turn next left
you know what you know just the way to
my heart turn next right at 300 feet I
love you so much points in the right
direction it's just the one for me oh
damn it oh and I'm redoing the scene but
just imagining with jealousy like she
gives you directions turn next level oh
is that foetus just like daddy to throw
me away we're getting the car service
game at that point me in the right
direction joke was the one there right
after three quarters of a mile on to us
seventy eighty a bear right here there's
a bear where a bear on the right Joe it
was cops prison stop filming I'm taking
the camera poor yeah bear forget the
bear I'm taking the selfie stick cause I
don't think it's a good
you better hurry up I swear Michael oh
watch it oh my - oh my god
play it cool I got butterflies you an
officer we were just leaving
let me gone are they gone yeah all right
put me can't I'm putting this obviously
back on the camera guys we do that every
time I see a cop barbecue okay you got
way more excited than you should have
buy that we're just drivers barbecue
what they keep saying there's a bear on
the right I don't see it
mister talking about me yeah Bridget
there was a car accident right there all
that's left is a hubcap and a piece of
the bumper oh my god where's the press I
don't know if it disintegrated no come
on I obviously didn't disintegrate it's
like in a junkyard or something
somewhere right Jess he believed you
believe that choice gasps oh my god just
integrated I can't even believe this you
know birds and I just realized any time
I ever came to this it was a dad yeah
that was always looking at trucks and
cars so this is this is weird for me to
be here without him
you have reached your destination you
know guys we didn't even put this
dealership as the destination yes we
just put a Rivers Avenue so this place
must be the beginning of rivers that is
funny man I don't see where's just
certified service I just like drive on
ya and say something to somebody I don't
know I'm not a man Bridget I never from
Toyota I feel like we're like trying to
get into Canada right now I'm a show
special person what is that guy guarding
dizzy I think you just heard you can we
get some soda yes let's get some soda
send you want something to drink that's
like the reason I'm here yeah Michael
just has a thing with drinks it's so
weird I know he like just a lot of
fountain drinks of so sir he's like
obsessed with that are you not gonna
film this is important stuff there's a
flat try it just now it's really good
it's good mom doesn't care about drinks
like you how long we been here five
minutes
Cindy is that accurate yes five minutes
doesn't seem accurate to me if they'll
even busy we've been here for six days
come on it's been like five minutes how
long we're gonna be here while we get in
the car and go Sonya well the thing is
if we leave they might take like five
hours okay so let me get this right but
if we're here we're gonna ask you are
you
okay so if we tell them we're waiting
they'll do it quicker yes
so how about we tell them we're waiting
and then we get out of here you know I'm
finding that cuz I can go for some cnw
Chinese speaks Hindi yeah
how about Cindy stays in movie Chinese
we'll just tell them really sitting in
the lobby yeah
and this is why is it Michael you're in
the women's bathroom so much leg room oh
do I need him with the seat up no I'm
good yeah what are you hate being in the
front seat your mom drives erratically
you think you don't think so I mean no
man just just we're having a laugh I
just love and she whipped in front of
traffic when we left chef oh that is
easy to get away card so they think
we're in there wait okay Bridget I'm
getting the vaccine on the way back no
way they just so comfy back here I get
the whole back sheet myself
Cindy you just pay attention to this
will leads us to where we're going
she stopped looking at Michael mom I'm
getting scared we wreck I am suing you
in your insurance company good
and I won't walk out of the wreck either
I'm getting airlifted
oh Jesus government lives
how was the food very good I love this
place it's like the best Chinese
restaurant I feel like there's something
crazy have you own have you heard about
what happened in Hawaii mm-hmm how
insane is that like take cover and
whatnot that's like scary I feel like
the person who supplied out should be
fire what do you think
who do you think invented straws
seriously yeah like who was like I need
a he's a tubular plastic so I could do
this Michael there's like way important
things right now like what happened in
Hawaii how good this food was we've
reached two million subscribers right
but who invented the straw I don't know
google it
hey Siri who invented the straw it says
it was invented by the Marvin stone you
know there's some stuff Brigid that just
isn't funny uh Nina who Mia
mom laughing would you laugh about
Sunday
embarrass guys we're going back to the
service place we're getting--we're just
cause I never got a call so we don't
think it's ready
Michael Chow it's okay it's fine it's
just bird I have a fear of birds
dude that was this a trap on you no
they're just Birds
oh yeah when they crap all new and it's
a pecking at you then we'll ask the
question again
I thought about Alfred Hitchcock says
it's crazy this is actually they're all
crows
what does 3,000 crows mean I don't want
to food disaster probably just got to
the car dealership you guys to pick up
bridges car everything checked out it's
fine and I'm just yeah look into this
place remembering that always came with
dad sad isn't it it is dad loved this
place that would always dad would always
come here and check out cars and he had
a guy named Ian that he always talked to
and he would come here and just look
last time we're here I actually film
check this out why am I going out yeah
that crew Chevrolet on Rivers Avenue in
North Charleston we're with angry
grandpa yeah got me a car got me another
car so we want to know this is the only
place he does business now and we want
to uh thank them and thank you some
pickleboy for all of your business or
your interest we're gonna give you a
welcome on the count of three one two
three
hey thank y'all very much
congratulations sir I'll see y'all on
Facebook
okay do the OnStar button when you're
coming back tomorrow yeah okay I'll show
you all the shit on the course yeah you
got a key - I got a PI out yeah anyway
we're going home you guys yeah
sucks can we never come back here again
I might have to next year let's go home
we're home you guys we're gonna be doing
the outro in just a second before we do
I just wanted to just take a minute you
know we're trying to smile this whole
vlog but I always told Dad that if I was
sad I will let everybody know how I'm
feeling and anyone do in front of
Bridget you know being at the chevrolet
place today I didn't realize I would
have some sort of like emotional draw to
it because of him we would go a couple
of times a year you know I got a you
know I got him that truck for his
birthday and you know we went back to
get that car because you know he kept
falling out of the truck and he hated
admitting that everybody he hated you
guys knowing that his knees were going
out on him he don't want anybody to know
but he also couldn't stay in that truck
and then we would go there and sometimes
he would just go to hang out because he
liked being there and he loved the
people there
I didn't know it was gonna hit me just
going to a car dealership you know if he
was there he'd be the lose-lose with him
cause my I'm really Tony English Malibu
I want to look at something else yeah
but I dad let's look all right I had to
get this out I've been feeling the
emotions since I was there and I wanted
to just talk about it open fog we're
getting out of here in just a second you
guys I just want to say thank you guys
so much I don't know where I would be if
I couldn't get any of this stuff out I
don't know what I would do if I didn't
have you guys to ride on Twitter and
your messages and I don't respond to all
the messages I know you know it seems
like I don't care because a lot of
people say that but I it's so hard to I
get so many messages a day but I promise
you I'm reading as many as I can't and a
lot of them are really helping me so
let's do this outro dad I've missed you
so much being there without you today
just took me back to the last time we
were there together and I just wish we
could do it again alright out to a time
dad I love you and I love you guys well
that's gonna be a fair day you guys
thanks for watching sorry for crying in
the vlog again oh you know what it
happens to everyone we all cry guys I
just wasn't expecting it to hit me like
that going to crew Cheryl I really I
didn't expect it to make me sad but it
did guys thanks for watching dad I miss
you I hope I'm making you proud
hopefully y'all looking down about you
got to get over a guy I'm by tiny OS
what do you think he's probably came
down thrilled that you're crying
honestly Hey
they cry about me yeah he's doing that's
probably what it is guys I'm gonna get
out of here thanks for watching hope you
had a great day we ran a bunch of
errands we came home we're actually
filming our vlogs day of right now
hopefully we're gonna get back to being
a day ahead again for now or day of so
guys I'm gonna get out of here thanks
for watching like subscribe favorite
following everything to be your name no
I just thought of something what you
know and the GPS was like bear right
yeah I don't think he was talking about
an actual bear guys here's a problem
Bridgette really thought it did
you
