what's going on you guys kid be on
camera here vigil STI right there and
today it's Thursday and today you're
gonna tell real funny story which one
you brought up to hospital one cuz it's
relevant you know I like have surgery to
tell both I told you guys that was gonna
tell you why I'm terrified of Chucky
oh yeah I'll tell you that and I'll tell
the hospital story because there's a
storage when I got my gallbladder so my
gallbladder taken out it's an
embarrassing story
Bridget reminded me of it today because
she got the tubes to put in earlier
today and she's fine I know I was so
scared but I'm alive in case you haven't
noticed I'm a lie yeah they know I'm not
sent here with a ghost yeah like I
didn't die it was awesome I'm really
really happy I got this done that's
gonna be the first time it's urban said
I didn't die so it's awesome okay today
is Thursday today we got a couple
throwback Thursday stories for you and
that's it being that bridge cutter
here's time I'm gonna talk muffled mmm
you can see for Bachelorette maker
thinks I'm drunk
mm-hmm
hmm hmm I didn't on purpose hmm hmm
you're talking weird one yes you are
you're talking weird mm-hmm you sounded
really muffled and weird
mmmmm-hmmmm okay so you uh you got your
anesthesia today and you thought you
were gonna die I did and I don't know
why I've had it before well but you know
going under it was very peaceful so so
tell them what you told me about how it
was when you woke up from the anesthesia
when I woke up from the anesthesia I
started crying and the nurse was like
why are you crying I don't know she did
when she got her gallbladder out tissues
cry uncontrollably we don't know what
was going on I don't know that's my side
of fag so that brings up what happened
to me when by my side effect to uh
anesthesia wore off when I got my
gallbladder taken out yeah yeah so when
I got my gallbladder taken out uh-huh
for some reason right when I write when
I got off I woke up and I saw this nurse
and I remember thinking oh my god she's
fucking beautiful and she's looking how
you doing baby and I looked at her and I
went you're fucking hot god damn you're
fucking hot oh my god hey can we go out
on a date you're fucking hot oh my god
no man and at the time I thought it was
macking I'm like damn I'm fucking I'm
the shit you're right hot
however when I started to think about it
at a later date I realize that they all
saw my cup they all saw my dick because
for some reason
Bridget didn't give me any hint or tell
me that I could be wearing underwear
under that gallon I just kind of figured
you knew you knew I wasn't wearing
underwear do you think I'll be cool with
it I'm sure it was cold in the operating
room I got no control over it so I'm
sitting there getting operated on the
probably look up hey guys look at this
thing know your whole gown was off oh
god yeah yeah it was a naked body on the
table hi my Mac and when working dude
I'm like you and fucking hot baby and
she's like oh I saw your date so well we
get ready to tell this story about why
I'm terrified of Chucky I figure I would
show you guys where he's been I couldn't
reach the Attic cuz we have a ladder I
have had Chucky and the closet you moved
him you fucking moved in no I did you're
just trying to prank me right now yeah
move turtle you're trying to prank me
dude don't fuck around with this shit
dude I didn't when did you move oh my
god where the fuck is it I don't know I
did okay you haven't made that joke I
didn't do anything oh yeah you're gonna
run my life dude did you put him there
yes you put an L I didn't yes you did
talk you son of a bitch I'm tossing
downstairs okay
come on this I don't know yeah you did
it and then this is part of the reason
why I'm terrified of Chucky shit just
like this
he just blanked he just blinked don't
even I know what you're gonna try I want
you to do it I was too good of a screen
why be broken the word so I figured if
I'm gonna tell a story about Chucky why
not do it with the man himself the doll
himself and don't first of all don't do
any shit like a point cuz I'm not gonna
believe it
I wasn't going to so anyway the story
with me and Chucky the first thing I
want to do is lay out the ground story
okay dad rented Chucky when I was a kid
I you know it was like 91 I was a
fucking baby dad rented Chucky it
terrified me thus beginning my brother
taking every opportunity that he could I
saw you look at him what are you doing
what so I was looking at him look at me
okay my brother would take every
opportunity to terrify me with Chucky
and I'm talking about moving my dolls
that I would have out of my buddy
what you made her face dude he was kind
of scary Manon oh okay
am i had to vlog this myself no so I had
a my buddy doll and my brother terrified
me with it he would move it awkwardly
around the room he would have it laying
with me in bed it terrified me so I cut
his fucking head off I told to my buddy
I cut his fucking head off and I store I
took his body parts and dumped them in
different garbage bags so he couldn't
come back together then I get a Bart
Simpson doll and this part I've actually
told in a vlog before in the past
I got a Bart Simpson doll my brother
moved it on top of me one night I woke
up I thought I'm pretty sure he even
like tied me to the bed and shit have
like socks in my mouth
so I got myself loose I grabbed Bart
Simpson and I said talk to me damn it
or else I'm gonna throw you in the fire
and they then talk so I tossed him in
the fire
and we're talking about a big stuff doll
that talked it sort of billowing black
smoke dad had to get like a broom or
something the fireplace poker and he got
Chucky Adam and it was flaming and dad
was screaming at me and the frickin
fireplace glass doors exploded it was
ridiculous and it's all because my
brother tried to terrify me with Chuck
unfortunately and embarrassingly it
doesn't end there
so in the middle of all this my brother
all my life had me convinced that one
day he and his friend Samuel were
walking through the woods and they've
stumbled upon a Shack and in this Shack
there was a little person dressed like
Chucky and talk like Chucky but he had a
beard so in this scenario
Chucky wasn't a doll so much as he was a
little person but he was very angry and
he followed Charles home and ever since
then he's been looking for him and I
believed it I thoroughly believe that
this little person that looked like
Chucky was looking for my brother and so
he started telling me we moved to
Columbia I'm freakin 14 by now by the
way I'm 14 years old I believe this my
brother has been convinced that the
little person named Chuck look just like
Chucky carry on the same knife lived
under the stairs to our house and so I
couldn't enter this I couldn't go up the
stairs like I would all wait this helped
fill in here this is how I enter up the
stairs this is bottom step I would jump
up to the top step because I was
terrified
that little person Chuck kind of knife
beams would cut my feet as I walked up a
step my god it took me a few years to
realize it was bullshit there was no
little guy named Chuck who was trying to
kill us
Chucky dolls aren't real huh Chucky does
ooh aren't real and a terrified Michael
about this
I'm kidding
Chucky dolls aren't real and I was
freaking out over nothing
yeah really been scared Chucky all my
life because of it oh god you teeth look
more real dated before
och you blinked jig is up dude us all
you don't gotta pretend to be it like
not alive anymore just how you blank ah
ok it was a joke why are you filming
this
hey guys you talking dude dog hold the
story no more filming so for the past
hour so me and Bridget have been playing
with this face swap app here's what I
did
ah
that is me being jack boy
so we've done everybody I tried to do
dad I tried to do Jim Ross I've done
myself
Bridget's done me you guys want to see
these I can put them in the vlog
tomorrow click like I'll try to find a
way they import them to the computer and
tomorrow's vlog will be about the
freakin face swapping I'm having a
genuinely fun time it's so horrible you
Bridget just walked in I'm just like do
it talking to myself in the pub you guys
wanna see click like and I'll put it in
the vlog tomorrow that's gonna be a
pretty day you guys thanks for watching
that's why I'm terrified of Chucky I
know it was kind of a long story but
that's an international there's a lot
more but it's just too much as Helena
story I got you
you gotta stop oh my god like it keeps
working it's kind of crazy I'm terrified
of Chucky it's just so bad I'm gonna get
out of here thanks for watching you guys
Oh like subscribe favorite film n
everything for us and that's it I know
you you want screamers of them da didn't
know Larry guys
