what's going on you guys kick me out of
camera here vigil STI girls tricked
right there in today we going to the vet
what is today one thing today is
Wednesday and today we're going to the
vet if you hadn't seen the vlog
yesterday I uploaded we went to a Bernie
Sanders rally and you guys went apeshit
on us because we supported a Canada no
unsubscribe dislike however some of you
did click like because you wanted to see
the story or hear the story but when
grandpa got an STD so that's what this
is
check it out this is grandpa's STD story
gross
I just wanted to cut right to yet add
it's that gross so like it had to
comment check this out check this out
I just barely draw but you still drive
it brave house would have died you don't
pay for it well you already did do it
again so there you go
I like a businessman you've been
answering your dating profile right yeah
we'll just make sure you you you're open
to anybody the right you on my dating
profile yeah okay he'll well and feel
the burn yeah if you don't if you choose
the wrong girls in the dating profile
you're gonna be feeling the burn it's
called chlamydia what's that
what's chlamydia I do not know gonorrhea
how it that I've had that
yeah the boy ed Clapp or not had below I
had to bull hair clap we're called the
bull you boys like Boyan bull hair clap
I've had crabs so many times I felt like
I lived in the ocean well you gonna feel
the burn if you keep that shit up I'll
tell the burn one time four minutes to
it damn then ramen at my same point ya
ain't got the egg one put on marktplaats
hit it with a hammer
what the hell will do they hit your dick
with a hammer
well I did what happened I caught it
right so I'm in the daughter my little
yin-yang my little ping it's like dad
being around and that's definitely
abnormal and doctor where you got the
ball here clap I saw a dog so I need to
take this pill of sullen he too got this
tool was by that long it was a little
tube had a little but don't need me
right and that doctor took he had the
proper colors own you know and had this
nerve standing there he took that big ol
round thing boy and he branded did up in
the head there yeah yeah and I thought
he hit the back of my prostrate sheet
you know Jesus and he puts that button
and pulled and I didn't know it but they
had razor blades and when if when he
pushed that button they went like June
right you know and and we pull it out it
was like scabs and put Jesus as oh I'm
screaming you know and I asked him a
pain child he did would you ask for a
paint job but you got it I said nose
okay
didn't you this is a marble slab at a
rubber hammer and he did that thing old
Fang there boom and he had a little box
right here
he went pow and we get up here just shot
all over that stuff man just blood
person whoo I'll scarab like that
are you recording yeah okay it is day
three okay okay this is not cleaned yet
okay I don't want to record the city
let's not record take off the camera
there's also all that can turn off the
camera now okay I get it it was my
burger I threw it uh yeah I should be
cleaning I always pick up your mess I'm
sick of it you clean it could you please
please clean it
that's a hard stain to move and I just
did camera dude I love this in the vault
hey lazy what is this
chicks dig me and how to Claude managed
to get away from camera hey you are so
we are at the vent killing two birds
with one stone and it chefs the two dogs
done at once
does sleep you're actually sleeping how
can you sleep here no boy his father
you've only been here for like 20
minutes it's a long time it's not that
long I didn't work I've seen new movies
when they pull the head over their eyes
yes is not hey what about those dark
chocolate almonds what yeah
it could just right dark chocolate anti
almonds yeah we're talking about this
stuff right shut up
Christ shut you up what would you say I
said shut up before I shut you up
spousal abuse and target no one's
listening there's people walking by the
aisle right now listen to your spousal
abuse on me so you gonna do what to me I
should shut up before I shut you up
I think funny to talk about like know
what be oh god those are disgusting
you've literally never heard of until
this moment
they look really grows your resistible
it sense you know what you gotta see a
brand new son oh man you know you wear
it so I have to pay for it
oh this how look I being whimsical oh
let me think
you look like Donnie Darko I do not look
like Frank that his name is Frank I have
it to move Ian so long we're gonna have
to pay for the thing now cuz I busted it
you look cute
there like like a bunny rabbit no you
look like Meg on that Halloween episode
a former guy why are we over here we
already got candy what's up man hi hi
watcher eautiful nice to meet you man
someone right now is cool man nice to
meet you y'all are killed sure right
like hell for me I don't know who that
is
oh he said he knew you guys you film
that let's get out of here dude
yeah good whoo oh they told me go ahead
you say what now all right you heard
that Timmy
yeah should I keep that you won't get in
trouble this is like the most bizarre
trip to target you have to back did you
have any doubt either here's me laughing
here's you everybody here's this right
that's my good your big actually making
me mad does your nose soft crust
about toons down yes five g's tada
you laugh I'm sorry
hey you know you watch you clean the
wall okay what was that did you see it
hold your breath oh thanks for cleaning
those Oh No
what look oh this is gonna be so hard
for you I'm gonna do you gotta scrub it
you know some purge it huh here's the
deal should I brush shut you up
here's the real deal you're gonna clean
it for me or you're gonna be no babe
that's gonna be you
you're gonna be true life i'll obsessed
with my ex ah
check out my facebook to see who I'm
with if you don't clean cuz we're gonna
break up call me on it
I will we all know it's gonna be the
other way around I better clean that I'm
screaming paint off the wall well that's
gonna be a for today you guys thanks for
watching tomorrow Bridget gets tubes
scared
yes Bridget it's why I want to wake up
what if you don't want to wake up what
it what don't like uh if you don't want
to wake up hi what do I got what if I
don't you will so anyway that's gonna be
it for today you guys thanks for
watching
I've been using this app what is it
called I don't know it's like a weird
it's like a letter U RDS and whatever it
is we're making these videos at trick if
you want to see some of them click like
and I'll try to put some of them into
the vlog for tomorrow just something
that when I'm in obsessed with it so oh
my god I'm gonna influence pain and I'm
gonna be having fun making those videos
you have to care of me no that's it for
that you guys course like I didn't want
you to care about me
I wasn't I can't Leo you you can't
when I'm not strong I'll be your friend
no I've got nobody to lean no not it's
real like subscribe favorite and fall on
everything rejoiced and that's it
like what if I die
Bell one of these wires so if you eat up
the wires will be executed I know yeah
now joining the wires to my hand on
dudes on with your day a dull they speak
English Bella to the pewter up
