what's going on you guys keep you got a
camera here
right there and today was a good day
today we went to see Bernie Sanders
philburn now go ahead and get you're
just like Sam it's like yeah there's a
Rick you know I support everybody's
decisions but I am open to all political
decisions I'm open to Donald Trump
I will definitely listen to what Donald
Trump has to say not Ted Cruz I'm not
open to a Ted Cruz discussion I'm over
to Donald Trump and I'm open to Bernie
Sanders I'm not I'm open to Hillary but
I want to see what they're saying so
today we went to a Bernie Sanders rally
and it was a really good time so before
we do anything else let's check out some
of the highlights from the Bernie
Sanders rally
you enjoy
to reveal the next president of the
greatest country in the world Bernie
trillions of dollars in Iraq if we can
rebuild the infrastructure of villages
in Afghanistan we can rebuild
may I ask your salon if we can win here
in South Carolina trusty this will be a
shot bird all over this country
so anyway that was the Bernie Sanders
rally it was a really good time it was
downtown Charleston and now I'm starting
the day just it's like really late dad's
on his way over because I got him a new
computer I felt bad yeah like I felt bad
too but then again yeah actually it was
kind of our fault well it was our fault
sort of our fault like we were just
laughing at him in rightfully so who
couldn't laugh at that if you hadn't
seen it we were making fun of dad's
dating profile and he smashed his
computer because was embarrassed and so
I bought him another peanut butter I
bought him a gaming computer and he's on
his way to get it so anyway forget it
let's get this day started okay what a
transition that was from the kitchen to
the toilet because my sister sent me
this it is a sticker for the toilet and
I don't know how to apply this actually
I might screw this up completely but if
I do I'll just scrape it off okay
I'm really really nervous right now ah
got it
so if you don't know this is a Harry
Potter reference saying I can get to the
Ministry of Magic move toilet so see you
guys this right here I felt bad that you
broke your shape because I made fun of
your fucking computer well you should
have your dating profile don't bring up
the days over don't you let me tell you
what you don't break this one why your
other must be the shit this is a 1500
computer you do not break this have
enough you said you wanted to play deer
hunting games yeah yeah yeah oh I do it
okay is how it looks eat this baby damn
for knows the power button know whose
car but let's figure this out this is
embarrassing because usually is right
girl what the hell dude what else you
get me hold on did did not even Ono's
which it's one here somewhere
it's like the new cars just touch touch
it or something I don't know
oh here it is oh my god in the keyboard
okay even Bhagyam in your dating profile
boy rusty no it doesn't bridget is my
breast I know damn it's really you
knowing your own clothes does have I
have I wonder what that smell was it was
you this whole time
well like a couple of monkeys who
discover tools you had really fuckin
chisels and shit like a tail of a monkey
fuck is that what a monkey tail really
looks like cuz I don't know it so you
have a problem a little bit yeah
it's a brand-new computer weeks but well
I don't walk outside I take it food
there dad Bella's on the computer if you
can cheat icky get online either Bella
you want to eat up these wires no if you
eat up the wires I'll give you extra
food tonight nice dog again that was
done evil ours do my doing damn dog
dudes on with your day of dough they
speak English Bella to the computer up
mine got mine oh that's cute you don't
be mad she wants kisses yeah he gives me
yeah
now the other two ain't killed that damn
dog and so fighting let's do some with
your damned oh she wants the computer or
you whichever gives give her Bridget
yeah keep a Bridget she was humping down
a little bit ago should have seen it
oh god damn Jeep Bella wants to answer
your dating profile help you off from
the what it did yeah I'm working on a
thumbnail let me get some lighting going
on you
hey good lighting
are you done I've set although oh good
lighting there I'm tired
well you're gonna hold up a little
anchor well that's gonna be it for today
you guys thanks for watching
went to the Bernie Sanders rally put the
sticker on the top you have some dad
this is the good day it was a very good
day
um added the sticker on the toilet Gabe
grandpa's computer uh grandpa told me a
story about a time I made a joke I was
like grandpa feel the burn
and he made a joke about the time he had
gonorrhea so if you guys want to hear it
click like I'll put it in tomorrow's
vlog well dude it is so the grossest
story ever talk about a doctor beating
his penis with a hammer
he took just mammoth it was a disgusting
sore if you guys want to do that no it's
like prehistoric dude okay I was like
back when Bernie Sanders had x2 STDs Oh
what he's old no I like the guy but he's
old oh god I really like about he was so
sweet
yeah yeah we shook his hand I was like
the tiniest little like this but I must
say he had a sweet little hand okay
anyway click like if you want to hear
grandpa's STD story I don't know if you
guys will consider a too vulgar but if
you want to hear it ah Pasha
it's just guess I don't see a story
horrible and I don't know how he like
survived that know it seriously it's
like was this like the 1800s like what
the hell anyway click like if you went
there I'm gonna get out of here thanks
for watching you guys like subscribe
favorite film in everything Vigil eyes
and feel the burn yeah bye
you're gonna think I wear diapers for
real mentally come on dude around 22
people control the stuff she's big
enough
I don't wear fucking diapers like wicked
