what's going on you guys Kip be on a
camera here if I say yeah today is
Friday oh my god I know what that means
going to the movies we're gonna go see
where to invade next by Michael Moore no
we're gonna you could've at least said I
could have cut it and we gotta go we're
gonna we're gonna we're gonna fuck I
can't edit so much you're gonna fall
right you're gonna fuck I can't edit
that poop mouth ah it's fuck ride eh
stop it I'm tired of clipping that word
out of this stop it already
I edit too much then so happy now
I'm done with it anyway we're done
talking about fuck off fuck come on
Michael get a hold of yourself dude you
just said fuck again okay this is it
this is enough oh man I'm at it it's
gonna be hard to add it I know I feel
sorry for me feel really bad from all
the camera do my hands already tired I'm
tired of editing already so anyway
today's Friday by the way because I know
people gonna say something but I should
go get it out of the way this is a
different t-shirt onion look to Jesus I
don't even know that either van I got
three evil like a filthy that one is
well this was a few days of puking and
shitty this is the fresh you're a huge
Andrew Thompson fan I'm like you're the
biggest fan here's one thing I think
about getting an operation that makes
the tip my finger go up you know what
I'm probably gonna take this off now I
feel inadequate I have three et shirts
and I am sure hurry up I'm timing her
guys you're gonna learn how slow she is
finally got a shirt in the next three -
whoa is this the et one now
hey price Bridget you disgust me you
kind of disgust me by the way see how
clean this kitchen is hello you it looks
so bad filthy living room spotless
kitchen fuck's going on I haven't gotten
to it yet I desperately needed a shower
ooh what is that what is that dude I
don't know
State Fair chicken barbecue sauce oh he
hammers my shake
- it's like a chicken smoothie that is
so gross
what the
but it's bad that wood doesn't look as
master looks like Italian dressing
little what is that I don't want dumb so
we are here at Taco Bell we were going
to do the drive-thru but the line wraps
around the freaking store so we're
walking in I haven't walked into a
fast-food place and how long yeah that's
not the door see this is how flogging
cenotes but we don't know what the door
is no doors over here yeah here's the
door well being that danger Ops has
decided to no longer do fast-food
reviews it means that I am gonna do one
now it's time for me to make a super
oppa shoe fast food review love your
name I'm joking around dude I get why
he's stopping he's doing it for his
health reasons obviously I'm not too
worried about that right now so where I
Kok Kok I say kako Bell oh my god we're
at Taco Bell we're gonna try that new
case of lupa which I believe Daymond
drops even actually had a hand in having
to come out I serious you guys are like
eat it early and give my tips or some
shit I don't know so here it is folks
let's uh try game drop star I almost
open this bitch up it is a big puffy
fluffy crust let's pull this out and get
a good look at it
Wow I'm blarf
there it is so this is the case of lupa
imma let bridge I filming for the
duration
how is it good really good it's really
good
okay I got to do this like Dame drop
they gave it a lot of love because they
got that cheesy love they got some of
that corn chewata is real good awesome
toy Jack Joe came with a bridge to try
this uh luckily about two cuz singer
Gollum look this is good dad is not the
best Taco Bell Pam as we've learned
through our history oh my god I know
what he hate it I think you'd like it
Wow maybe you should try it I'm afraid
to get her try stuff this I do you know
hips up
you know how do click like a pusher you
click like if I should get grandpa try
this thing let's get one more by from
the back end Taco Bell delicious damn
good luck man and your weight loss good
luck yeah good luck go lick if there's a
reason for you to have a cell phone
it would be see you can answer your son
when he calls you so could you please
call me back I know you hate talking to
me and I know you don't love me and I
know that you wish I wasn't your son and
that's okay it's enough without
recording gonna call back leave another
message sorry it was too long of a
message to leave someone to do a second
message I know you hate me and I know
you don't love me and you don't want to
answer my phone calls but could you call
me back
thank you daddy love you goodbye why
doesn't he answer me ever why did you
try it because long
I want to know what he's doing I got a
right Charles hey how's dad doing
you know drinking coffee ignoring me
obviously look at the phone ringing who
the hell would you step up calling me
for ignore fuck him by the way purchase
flowers for Valentine's Day they're
beautiful beautiful thank you
- down right there they're so pretty
grapes that's gonna be for today you
guys thanks for watching I tried the
case of Rupa anyway good it was really
good
click link if you want grandpa try one
I'm gonna I'll ask him I don't know if
he'll want to try it well I'll go over
those nose shit you know click like I'll
go over shit man you know I don't know
what he's gonna say
both chuckle bear and fuck you uh-huh
we'll see whatever I don't know that's
gonna be afraid you guys thanks for
watching
Kacie lupa very good yeah it's pretty
good that chicken sauce I don't know
what it was I don't think it translated
on the vlog as well as it did in person
but it looked like a pinkish like
powdery red I don't know what it was
dude it was fucked up looking anyway
that's gonna be a Fernet you guys thanks
for watching like subscribe favorite I
don't know what happened are you sick
again I don't know come on I might be
your Valentine's Day present came today
really you don't get it today what is it
a breakup letter Wow
so on everything
so charlie is puking in the toilet Kim
is in the shower the curtains closed and
she's shitting and puking in the frickin
bag both about the two taken so I'm just
in a bedroom fucking puking in a bedroom
I hear dad and his bedroom
