what's going on you guys kid behind a
camera here Brigitte West not here and
if you're wondering why Brigitte West is
not here you didn't see my vlog
yesterday Brigitte West is sick I was
gonna call the vlog Brigitte West shit
her pants that was my promise yesterday
but I don't know if she shit her pants
so she'd probably share her fucking pant
because she's been up shitting and
puking all night long click like if
you're happy - Brigitte sick that's me
don't click like for that click like if
you're happy that I'm doing the intro
without Brigitte how you click like for
that today is Thursday and today I'm
still just getting over what I had
yesterday was ok today's a lot better
than yesterday the day before was
horrible I shit my pants it's been this
sickness has been kicking my ass dad had
a my brother had at my nephew had now
Bridget has and I ridiculous sickness
I'm hearing from a lot of people that
they've got a version of it - if you got
it feel better turn off my vlog feel
better watch it tomorrow with Bridget
being sick all that does is leave me to
watch wrestling all day and I'm actually
watching new wrestling this is called
New Japan Pro Wrestling in japw I've
never seen it before but it's amazing
this is the kind of thing that I'm
really mad at I hadn't seen before it's
Japanese wrestling if you're a wrestling
fan and you haven't seen it check it out
this shit's awesome this is all my day
is gonna be wrestling and that's kind of
it I might already know if you're gonna
see this because it's just me I got
nothing to talk about
when it's just me I got nobody to work
off of so it's not gonna be much I might
not even upload this I might be going
stir-crazy cuz I haven't had Bridget o
talk to all day so I might just be
vlogging by myself all day so this might
I feel like I'm going crazy now cuz I'm
kind of in a room alone talking to
myself and nobody is responding and I
got nothing I got nobody to feed off of
this is just weirding me out actually
being that I am the best boyfriend in
the world I am gonna make Bridget some
chicken noodle soup right out of the can
not going to get too fancy I'm going to
add some stuff to it to spice up the
flavor because that stuff is kind of
bland first thing on my head - this is a
chicken bouillon cube but dash of
cayenne pepper
not much but Bridget does like it spicy
and a little bit of kosher salt just a
little bit not much you just want to
spice this up because right out of the
can is kind of disgusting
getting her some ginger ale in this
young bucks Cup even though she doesn't
watch wrestling I can take comfort in
the fact that the young bucks are
nursing her back to health so also made
with it this grilled cheese there's two
kind of cheeses in there there is a
slice of Kraft and a slice of the really
good Cracker Barrel cheese - cheese's
grilled cheese the soup is actually
really good I gave it a taste
and we got it in this container so she
doesn't want to eat it it can be there
for later so let's take it up to her
creepy walk up the stairs let's go hey
hungry want any of this let me sit here
let me take it out we know what it is
ginger ale wandering some ginger Ellie's
chicken noodle soup and grilled cheese
I'm going to leave love you how do you
feel Bella butter I tried the soup it's
pretty good I thought you made that in
the bathroom what I thought you made
them in the bathroom the soup yeah it
was like a part fever dream you're like
still dreaming I think so I thought you
like cooked in the bathroom and you're
going downstairs to eat it bad no is
this what the young bucks nourish you
back to health what do you think Bella
did it lose shit we got all of this and
Pell up
she's running from it like we'd better
right huh you feel better right ah I
feel worse than I ever did will you
believe I was going on over here are you
well enough to report the story think so
yeah I could have logged it myself don't
write it I don't mind
okay so I wanted to tell a throwback
Thursday story and I thought if I'm
going to tell a throwback Thursday story
why not tell the throwback Thursday sort
by the time the entire house had the flu
and I mean full one flu not the 24-hour
shit that we're getting over now I'm
talking about I'm in the fetal position
on the floor oh my god full room
spinning kind of flu it was horrible in
every single one of us in the house at
it at the same time which meant there's
only two bathrooms and everybody is sick
and nobody can take care of anybody oh
my god and even worse than that is my
aunt Debra had come down with my cousin
Jessica and they were going to be going
to the Farm Aid concert uh Farm Aid is
like this big concert for farmers house
like Willie Nelson and all kinds of
stuff
they came up from Charleston to Columbia
to go to the concert at the wrong
fucking time
they came up for the concert and they
left with the flu Oh God so we got our
entire bloodline sick well y'all smell
like I don't really remember man I would
like to make up something and say raw
sewage which I probably actor oh my god
probably accurate I'd like to say that
but I don't know for sure but let's just
assume raw sewage because we had two
bathrooms four kids and two adults shit
into puking oh I'm tired now it's
nastier than you think
so Charlie is puking in the toilet Kim
is in the shower the curtains closed and
she's shitting and puking in the
frigging bath
Oh both Falcons were taken so I'm just
in a bedroom Oh fuckin puking in a
bedroom
I hear dad and his bedroom the whole
house hears it and he goes silent oh
Jesus we all hear it followed by dare
you judge ginger Oh God meanwhile mom's
sick bunk so I hear mom and I don't know
where she's puking probably in a bag
she's already got a trash bag wrapped
around hook shitting in it I don't know
what's going on mom's got a weird puke
cell never got their fingers fan oh
we're all shitting puking and we're sick
and my aunt Debra is just sitting on the
couch watching all this she knows she's
good you should have come up for this
shit you know I'm sorry if your left and
got the flu but you should have known
that when fucking Michaels sitting in
the living room floor oh maybe you
should be there so anyway that's the
story I just wanted to tell it the whole
house all of us dad mom all four of us
kids had the flu at the same time we're
puking all over the house house is
covered in puke and shit hell my filth
and grime and there was nobody to take
care of anybody my aunt Debra comes up
for a concert and guaranteed she went
home and got the flu right as that shit
was airborne
oh man God that had to be the worst time
in the history of our family being sick
because I don't think since or before or
ever again and we all been sick at the
same fucking time it was horrible so I
got a question yes so you know how you
said Kim was sitting and puking in the
bathtub yeah did it all go down the
drain
remember probably not I assumed somebody
was stepping in and taking a shower oh
my god I asked him Oh care for her side
of it all I remember is Kim walking in
the bathroom charlie was already puking
she had to puke and shit so she went
into the shower and started puking and
shitting nobody cared we just wanted to
get the shit out of so I'm squatting in
a corner oh my god so you're sitting at
random places yeah here here's an
example of me okay I'm just saying I'm
sitting a little full Here I am laying
in the living room people room spitting
and I just get up oh my god the worst
time Oh our entire feel like this would
be a house to move out of you know
really I kind of think it wasn't long
after that we've got out of that fucking
I might a ditch like you know what we
can't clean this one up oh my god that's
gonna be for today you guys thanks for
watching I want to tell that story
because it's so fitting that we're all
been getting sick thanks to each other
odd how are you feeling now you know I
felt good for like an hour but I've
starting a leg cramps again can I tell
you what I was gonna do to you why but I
felt bad I was gonna record be pouring
pinus all in the soup making you think
I've tried to poison you why would you
do that every bit a funny prank I
wouldn't Matt wasn't gonna I wasn't let
you see me editing on the computer make
you think I was trying to poison you
when I say you know what that's too much
you're so mean I didn't do it it would
have been very funny though the pine-sol
soup rank or something but I didn't do
it I'm not an asshole I should have done
it what I yeah a little bit fucking
hilarious yeah you dude I'm tired of
catching your goddamn sickness this is
not my fault it's your fault you don't
wash your hands took a boy
so anyway hey Michael you've already got
it yeah anyone the other sickness though
yeah and I was digging a garbage
you wait your hand no I put this again
stop it
I'm gonna get out here thanks for really
appreciate the soup no you don't I don't
like subscribe favorite
I feel like rods around America dad Oh
cuz you've been puking green
well you better just expel it out of
your body miss cuz that's just
disgusting Oh
