what's going on you guys kid behind
camera here
vigil STR right there it's not my fault
today what is today cuz I lost yesterday
completely Wednesday study today is
Wednesday and if you're wondering why I
didn't do a video yesterday it's because
I was sick and I don't just mean sick
I mean horribly sick I had a 24-hour flu
that I picked up at grandpa's house when
I was there for the Super Bowl dad has
it I'm getting you dude
I know I'm sickness I got sick of
December she's getting that I got sick
in January all because you went to
wrestling I got sick with the flu this
one's worse than all of them oh my son
is bubbling dude it's the worst feeling
dude so I was up all night puking
shitting you sit in your pants i shit
our pants a bunch of times I'm not doing
a lot I'm not too good to a minute I
shit my pants several times every time
you pupa some more and more orange shit
in your boxer are you serious I would
just say I feel a little better now
resting dude oh gosh so bad at you I
feel a lot better today history I still
have a headache but I will say that some
of one of the worst 24 hours of my whole
life stop so I don't you just gonna make
it worse for me I'm already feeling
dizzy so anyway that's why didn't upload
a vlog yesterday if you were wondering
so anyway I'm gonna get all this stock
now I'm ready to just go and start the
vlog I don't know what it's gonna be
because we're both still kind of sick
but let's get this why my blurry
unblurred on blur ah let's get this one
they started I'm gonna go fuck with
Bridget and I make her think of this
blue is way worse than it is
I'm telling us all guys symptoms that
don't exist just a scare how you feel oh
my god okay I think the only thing you
got to worry about the rest of it is
just puking and shitting and shaking and
top hold on the only thing you got to
worry about is when it feels like you're
having the heart attack come on
no dude you feel like no come on I told
you didn't I stop scaring me Bridget I'm
gonna die
they said they also say that you know if
it feel you know what they don't know if
like this causes a stroke or not come on
Bridget I'm trying to prepare you for
say good the hospital did I get a
hospital it's a 24-hour thing okay
anything okay we'll just just remember
that like the part where you're gonna
think that your skin is on fire at one
point come on that's not real though
it's not real what are you scaring me
how am i scaring you I'm just telling
you what it's like it's not a heart
attack in your skin's not on fire it was
the one time a peak of pure blood but I
won't point I feel like someone's like
smothering you that you know come on
dude what am I doing here I'm just
trying to tell you what's gonna happen
well you inna have a cop a detective on
my here no I'm making it all ha no
that's real all it is like severe oh god
what I'm starting to hear my heartbeat
dude you were gonna have a panic attack
I think so
okay calm none of it was made up it's
all true niggath up it's made up so last
night I was having a fever dream if you
don't know what a fever dream is when
you have a fever and you have the flu
you dream some weird shit and I had a
weird-ass sure I don't remember what it
wasn't when I woke up and I threw my
phone against the wall like an
idiot I'm sorry screaming and I was
fighting with Bridget and that's what
this that's look at the shit I mean
you're just such an idiot I like I can't
even believe you
this is bolding look at all of it broke
with ESPYs look at this oh I'm gonna not
break okay and the crazy thing is I'm
still getting calls and text messages
what the hell how can I still get
freaking you know damn I don't know
that's insane but fucking thing's
detached I know like that's insane
so anyway don't have your phone near you
for sick that's all I can think about
I can cut up a glass throw it away it's
my alarm going off I'll be getting phone
calls text messages there's no way to
shut it off but unless I break it
oh my just present water don't actually
break it apart eat the battery oh hey
hey hey
that's unbelievable dude I'm now holy
crap the house is still able to operate
I don't I don't know like I don't get it
look I took the battery out what the
fuck dude
okay so Bridget thought it would be a
funny idea for me to reenact how I broke
my phone so this is embarrassing going
on including you had to do you got a do
pukin Oh steady so the puking was
projectile it was my Lundy do you was
dude I'm afraid to do cuz it gives me a
headache
he's trying to take your glasses off
well I wasn't wearing them anyway so
okay so oh how do you clean some the
puke either oh dude oh did you break the
toilet seat too
yeah it looks like it so violently in
France so first thing I start puking is
it was bad dude ah it was spray as I'm
doing that I'm shitting my pants okay
mind joy had just woken up I was in the
middle of my dream I had my phone and I
don't know why not really good fucking
destroyed my phone oh yeah I don't have
a phone no shit my pants and projectile
vomit and I guess I broke the fucking
code fucking broke the toys Oh Abbi yeah
wait what about the diarrhea part come
on dude come on that was pretty violent
to my headache coming back dude all
right god damn it
embarrassing as hell oh my god big cry
there you happy I'll shit my poor pair
of hands I know they're all in the trash
can we do Moira yeah the bags gone cuz
I'm gonna put the boxes in a bag yeah
anyway that's what happened
phone's broken shit my pants I don't
even feel that bad right now
well I knew I'm gonna get out of here
thanks for watching you guys how you
feeling what all the neighbors annoy me
hey hopefully tomorrow's vlog that we
call it Bridget has the flu
come on don't say that cuz I'll man I'm
not gonna feel her because I know how
bad it is if you shit your pants
everybody will know that's Bridget
Bridget shits or pants could be
tomorrow's vlog so no very well could be
so now I'm gonna get out of here that
was the worst night of my life
it was horrible I shit my pants I broke
my phone
yeah it's like I was feeling sick and
now I like don't well yeah I feel fine
are you doing that's gonna be a four day
you guys thanks for watching like
subscribe favor right if I learned
everything if I meant everything for Joe
asked you you said white huh would you
see what a day for Valentine's Day what
is it I don't know you told me
nothing bullshit job
