what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here rejoice he are right there
and today is Sunday today is Sunday and
before we talk about anything else the
most important thing that I need to
cover is the fact that we just uploaded
probably the most important video we've
uploaded in a long time yeah Jennifer
you know I love you and I'm here for you
guys if you haven't seen it and there's
a chance you haven't because stupidly I
uploaded during the Steelers game how
could you I was just ready to get it out
there you know so I uploaded it at one
o'clock which is about 15 minutes ago
then I realized oh the Steelers and the
Jaguars are playing right now so
nobody's watching this no so everybody's
watching the football game and by the
time the game is over they're gonna
forget I even uploaded it so made a huge
mistake but if you haven't seen it
please take the time now to check it out
I think by the time this goes up there's
no football on go check it out you guys
Jennifer had an epic mental breakdown
where she cut off all her hair here's a
clip it is seriously the most powerful
visually sensitive video we've ever
uploaded people are just liking it lots
of people are liking it and a lot of
people are showing their support to
Jennifer so if you haven't seen it check
it out smack the like why don't you guys
show Jennifer that you love or Jimmy
you've got a lot more support out there
than you thought this is oh absolutely
guys I just feel so bad I mean I'm just
happy she feels better now oh yeah I
felt worse then that's why I was gonna
upload it but to see that see that she
feels liberated and happy and better
than she has makes me happy so Jimmy I
love you glad you're feeling better
today's Sunday you haven't seen that
video go check it out let's get this
Sunday started are you guys oh we are
about to check our subscribers now we
were going to hit 2 million subscribers
the other day but YouTube did a flood
and they deleted a whole bunch of
subscribers and we got knocked back down
and you know by the time you see this is
probably gonna be flushed out again as
of right now we're very close to hitting
two million subscribers or know if we're
gonna miss it while we're asleep or if
we're gonna hit a produce in them so
here we go you guys get me on a camera
live subscriber I don't know this is so
cool there were 200,000 past it no we're
just two hundred thirty two hundred
school kids okay two hundred past it
Roger 14 okay okay let's redo the whole
scene no we're not redoing nothing nope
no I don't want this scene hey bridge
nope nope I'm subscriber count' whoa
what is it I wouldn't I'm not doing this
again I really like the first okay guys
we just okay Wow alright my emotions
number one I'm a little shot because I
didn't see it happen okay number two
this one's supposed to happen yet oh
well oh my god is I just want to take a
minute right now to say thank you so
much for 2 million subscribers dad would
be so thrilled right now to see this
we'd be having a cake he'd probably
throw it in my face
bridge will would they make fun of me
for something I don't really taste you
finally tase me with a cake in your face
now guys we actually do have a plan you
guys for what we're gonna do for 3
million subscribers we're gonna talk
about that in the future I just want to
enjoy this right now guys oh I'm so
excited for that play ed we're gonna
talk more about this in a few minutes I
want to talk privately
dad and bridge is gonna be the outro
talking about it but guys thank you so
much for 2 million subscribers it means
more than you guys understand so thank
you so much for watching us and liking
us yeah why he's liked us so much new
million subscribers worth that's crazy
that's so weird thank you guys crazy
dude
2 million I know oh my gosh I still
cannot frickin believe it I remember
when we like first started and I never
ever ever thought we'd even get like a
thousand I never thought that we started
doing YouTube we'd get anything I know
like and I wasn't doing it for that
reason we were doing YouTube to
entertain if we could spend time with
each other with dad yeah and here we are
two million and I wish I could just show
dad you know I know but we hit two
million one thing I really want to do
this year hmm more challenges that would
be cool
no why what's in the box challenge we've
done that yet oh God gummy food versus
real food we never got to do that with
dad so there's a lot of challenges that
I do want to do just gotta have you
heard about this new challenge that like
kids are doing what is it a laundry pod
challenge what is that it's whenever
these kids like eat the laundry pods
they're eating laundry pods yeah was
like a clothes hamper
tell Michael upon a laundry pod
yes that's like a basket you carry
clothes isn't it no what is a laundry
part ok ok I'm not surprised because
you've never done laundry in your life
but I've done it my life oh yeah when I
was a kid I used to do laundry well you
can't I don't believe you I don't
believe I used to tell dad
I used to tell dad if I could stay home
from school I would do the laundry and I
would do it now I'm not promising it was
done right this is what does it mean
they're eating them they're freakin
eating that by actually consuming yes
actually consuming them no they're not
yeah they are they're not eating this
they're eating these so sort of is like
a congealed like laundry detergent and
it comes to open in the washing machine
yeah
and it's super super concentrated them
cuz it's small seriously and they're
eating them yeah so it's like extra
triple poisonous they're gonna it's
gonna kill us
yeah I know kids don't tell me you're
eating freaking laundry pods now I know
don't do that kids but what seriously
when I was a kid we were eating they
kool-aid out of the pack and thought we
were edgy okay maybe some toothpaste
laundry pods right yes seriously yeah
ladies yeah these what happens we're
squeezed well don't do it my god Oh
coming out
stop I wanted to see what it looked like
inside what is wrong your hands gonna
burn off now what I told you it's super
class it's super super country to get my
eyes it's in your audience oh my god
you're not gonna have any eyes anymore
oh my god oh my god oh no it's perfect
you didn't use that the deer oh yes I
cleaned Felix's thing with that what am
i doing I think I mean letter box by the
way
get in the water
I resolve your hands yes no it's not you
just had to choose that one what's going
on in
well can I use this oh yeah yeah I can
use that probably probably I need to
know well I didn't freakin good in the
letterbox out with that okay are you
good bill okay okay kids are eating
these kids are eating those okay public
service announcement children don't eat
laundry pods it's going to kill you
do not eat those you will factually
absolutely die if you eat them your
heart can collapse cuz they're poison
Susan good this washes your clothes yeah
and it's only intended for clothes
jeez those kids are lucky they my kids
these kids have nothing to gain from
this okay please stop I just want to
take a minute and talk about what it
means to me to reach two million
subscribers and I wish dad was here to
experience it with me and I'm sorry for
cryin I'm try not to cry I wish dad was
here he'd be so happy
so happy guys I wanted to tell you what
it means to me to get two million
subscribers you know when I was a kid
and nothing I grew up with nothing we
grew up in extreme poverty and when
growing up in extreme poverty I grew a
close Kinmen ship to my family because
we're all we had so if you guys have
ever wondered why I forgive my brother
or my dad or my sister or my mom or
anybody it's because family is all you
have your family is your family until
the end and stupid stuff happens but you
can't just write people off for those
stupid things you can just hope that
they do better and you can't stop
talking to it because I've done it a lot
Charles I'm sorry but I've you know
you've deserved it
so when you grow up with nothing all you
want is something something and that
drive can either take you places or you
can crash and burn and I was able to
adapt into that creativity and start
this channel with my dad it creates so
many lasting memories I had to leave to
him you guys I was getting emotional
just watching the picture of dad you
know it's hard to find the words to
express what I'm actually trying to say
right now because my head is so filled
with different emotions I'm heartbroken
that dad's not here to experience this
with me I'm so happy to have reached 2
million subscribers that I can't begin
to find the ways to tell you guys thank
you for doing
and I'm so fortunate to be able to
celebrate it with Bridget president love
you so much
sometimes she doesn't think that I
appreciate her as much as I do like I'll
post on Twitter like oh man my channel
is gonna reach 2 million and maybe she
might think that I should have include
her and that now that she's expressed
that but she's right I should because
she is equally as a part of this as I am
I couldn't have done this without her
she is the rock that keeps me from
losing my mind right now because without
her I don't know where I would be so
Brent said I love you too it's just when
I was growing up all I wanted was an
outlet all I wanted was a way to make
people happy I wanted I always wanted to
do stand-up comedy I always wanted to
write I always wanted to do something to
make people happy and I never got to do
stand-up and I never published anything
that I wrote but I did do these channels
and the messages that I get about it
people saying how what we do have helped
them how we've gotten the amount of
depression how what we do has changed
their lives what dad did help them and
it means so much to me and it means so
much to Bridget and it meant so much to
dad that I wanted to tell you guys thank
you so much because you took a kid from
Columbia a kid from a trailer park and
you believed in them and you watched him
and you watched him grow and you guys
saw me go from the trailer park to find
out how find out a car buying Bridget a
house buying Bridget a car
you guys were there along the entire
ride with me and with breads in with my
entire family and I don't know how to
repay you but I can tell you thank you
for all the support and thank you for
everything that you've done for her
Bridget open the door it saw me doing
this and
didn't what had her up because she
thought I was like like crying because
she's walked in earlier and I was crying
that's why I turned off the camera so I
just wanted to tell you guys thank you
so much I can never repay you for what
you've done for my family but I can tell
you thank you and I can tell you from
the bottom of my heart that it means
everything to me thank you so much for
getting us to 2 million subscribers and
I don't know if we'll ever reach 3 but
to reach 2 means everything I love you
guys so much dad I love you so much and
I never stopped thinking about you
I never Slade I wake up and I wonder if
you're watching and I go to bed and I
wonder if you're proud so I hope you'd
know I love you so much thank you guys
so much to Maine subscribers it means so
much it's such an accomplishment that I
never thought I could reach in my life
just this kid from Colombia with no
friends who did something to make people
so happy thank you guys so much it means
the world to me
let's do this outro I love you guys so
much
well that's gonna be it for today you
guys thanks for watching sorry for
crying on the vlog okay oh don't I even
apologize I cried it's just it's a big
moment you know so huge like I feel like
this is huge it's there's it's so huge
if I got told you guys outside I never
thought my life would amount to anything
like this and to have something that I
can be proud of you know what happened
here well did I get punched in the face
while I was asleep seriously what did
seriously I don't know if I snoring you
just like like seriously what the hell
anyway I don't know it took me for a
minute I was William Alan reflects like
what them okay guys thank you so much
for 2 million subscribers it means the
world to me that promise you we have a
plan for free I don't know how long it's
going to take us to get to 3 million
subscribers but when we do we do got a
plan
thank you guys so much for the support
and the love and everything you guys
have given my family we've needed it
we've needed it a lot I don't even know
what we would do like if we didn't have
you guys in our lives but last year was
literally the worst year we've ever ever
had and I feel like we would have I
don't know broke down far worse without
your support seriously if you guys
weren't there for us last year we
wouldn't made it out last year was a
bitch yes last year it was so horrible
and I'm hoping this year's a lot better
it has to be it has to be and I'm so
happy that we have the camera crew and
you guys are the best YouTube family
ever and I love you so so much guys one
of the ways to say thank you
the store is gonna be putting out a
tribute shirt to Grandpa and I saw it
today and it moved me I don't want to
spoil it you guys it's coming out keep
an eye out for it thank you to broadband
TV for making it it moved me you guys
have moved me for reaching us to 2
million thank you so much like subscribe
favorite oh and everything but us and
that's it I love you guys so much for
real I really do
we're nothing without you for real
