are you filming or not yes I'm filming
leg breasts wing all right new yours
well okay
remember you remember these marked yes
well let me ask you a few questions
alright um how are you 27 27 and you
live in North Carolina South Carolina
South Carolina and am I your daddy of
course
do you remember those things I wrote yes
what was the first one leg pretty I'm
sorry you remember Bob Segar one breast
and what was the third one now women say
that they're won't say it three times
wing wing wing hello
ha ha zero got audio guy I do go cam
dance yeah
davon I got you boy get right now Kate
where Davis fig new day Newton yeah he
gonna be smelling a painting that I
don't Fig Newtons the man hey hey dude
is a man ok new goat ate that ball boy
you can make all kind of good plays book
and paint his arms will give out damn it
affliction
what was the what's Pig Newtons biggest
like problem like in this game hey big
new thing got a problems they do the
best player in the game all I want you
to do football number one you ECAM to
ting ting dude what the hell what
happened there got here Brisby that's
Charlie huh I made you picked up Charles
dead ahahaha
you've only got your Dino forgot about
him and a very happy for you and your
love with you haha yeah it's not your
Pig I pizza it's not his fault that the
Panthers are losing quit it
he's taking out on you let's go JJ
goddamn ham Newton Poe can this be fixed
obviously yeah oh god what is that what
the hell is that thing
oh yeah all right a little bit
both kit they get a lot of gun in game
yeah I've got a little birds and with
that arm can you get your pain I can't
if you're that guy in town
hey noon you owe me a guy you're dating
you owe me a JD noon you can't get good
you ate it you're not gonna help hell no
I do it shit
I'm like I out my goddamn I'm like
Carolina I'm sick my Azzam just give up
they didn't give up yeah they gay but I
did not give up big Newton gave up no we
did it dude it is Cam Newton it's big
Newton its Cam Newton I couldn't call
you can do break playback a girl it is
breaking okay oh please make sure it's
not broke yes that's probably more
expensive to the TV we're gonna write
that shit dude you might have broke your
cable box oh yeah look you will we don't
you shit I'm going to no shit what am i
TV you're calling the TV Fairy and ask
for one oh the tablet the tablet get a
tablet oh don't tell me this broken dude
he broke the tablet Bridgette
huh hey mom okay that's that's what
matters camera shit he play like a girl
not heard you take the first one
but damn Kevin academically I want to
film your damage why do things go so
good how much you talking a little
faster
don't move the TV I want him to look at
that well like you about that go look at
that TV gonna get it up close right now
you kill me what Duke one thing please
go look at the TV
that's I'll go do that I want you to see
what you'd fuck is this what a game for
Christmas
yeah Bridget I don't know if you heard
me but he broke the towel dude catch
somebody I know you know who you blame
for this who take Newton Fig Newton is a
snack thing wrong Newton Cam Newton this
is crazy dude yeah
what do you get all this stuff just put
it down dude come on woman
I go Jenna shit here I'll let you be
none too dad
shit put that shit down I was saying it
look put it down trolley we're having
that kind of shit we don't you let Dad
be the dumbass
okay okay dad I read what you go to
Charlie oh look who decided to help I'm
sweet
how can we do this I was like we're
fucking covering a body dude how sad is
that what do we do here I'm thinking
about them just like stretching this out
putting on top of it okay
wrapping it up how nice of you to chip
in dad oh shut up and watch out yeah
yeah one of us falls on that thing work
you know I'm done I'm done talking about
this shit
Bridget can you come here real quick
this man can't grab this Phil I'll be
help wash your hands
thank you this was a good TV yeah that's
a good thing i am dude we tell you
York's next TV might be a fucking tube
TV let me just say that fucking 26 inch
Panasonic tube TV with a tv/vcr combo we
do I get shit I'm sweet this is nice
hats welcome Steve
dude I'm not walking out there that's
not money yeah this is bullshit bunch of
fairies it's got a very tight squeeze me
out Ange glass changes is this gonna
function is gonna be fun to figure out
damn what a bit just a fucking football
game yeah I just sports
you know it's for you like you have a
few hundred verses I think I read about
here to flip cars over and gets all
fired up because they would use crazy
fans out there talking baseball
okay do come on you have a television
you
you're definitely crazy I'm crazy right
did you just fart again no but can you
bring my team Yvonne you're not getting
a TV there's involvement I am involved
you're not getting wined you're not
involved in this
yeah I am you're not getting one I did
for him tomorrow we'll go to bed Michael
stop being such a pushover you leave him
alone he's my son
yeah he's my boyfriend and you're not
gonna take advantage of me good morning
rundown all right would you say that so
yeah my father you get him a TV after
that
Troy is laughing a bit that's why you
run down by 1900 I know that no I don't
have any efficient all right now we got
Buster and roll a four days I lose I can
Manohar do we get popped
it's
shit
