what's going on you guys kick me on a
camera here yeah right there and she's
wearing a juggie shirt I'm a jegi she's
a juggie yo jug yeah that almost not a
Juggalo I'm a gigolo
how do magnets work please no I don't
feel to think that no I don't listen ICP
by yeah I don't have anything against
them for all you Juggalos because I know
how crazy you guys can get yeah I know
the FBI classifies was a gang really
they do what it's bullshit today is
Super Bowl Sunday
happy Super Ball here you own for did
you ask me that I'm asking them that I'm
in the comments here we go going South
Carolina who do you think we going for
here obviously over the Panthers come on
Panthers Panthers we got to do this
Shannon like okay I'm anything one two
three bar go yeah one two three oh we're
not doing this right same time right hey
go team okay no no no Panthers does it
fan Thursday to wait Panthers we're not
those people do you know I don't like
that it felt awful cause that would be
with uni that's wrong fig yeah a little
decision we go in a good run yeah video
run so over me Bridget have broken up
and it's amicable I'm looking
not really but seriously today is Super
Bowl Sunday today we're gonna go back to
Walmart because all the snacks that we
got I ate during the Republican debate
so it's true look at those cheese balls
yeah whoa whoa whoa look at Ben Carson's
entrance if you don't see the big Carson
entrance check it out anyway we're going
to Walmart getting some snacks going to
Grandpa's house getting ready for the
Super Bowl this Sunday Super Bowl Sunday
started my Super Bowl shoes
shiz
chef's let's get some shoes gotta find
my shoes shoes shoes
no more shoes get some shoes there's
your left get mud scape there's the left
I'm doing it now yeah some shit I'm
driving regular or not talk like that
yes
stop shit you're doing the dance no wear
these shoes yeah I do not see that
anywhere I know what the hell there's
like nobody here so some cereal party
huh we bring all this food in the dad's
house we brought pizzas and we brought
all kinds of snacks dad's already made
chili yeah I'm a little smokey oh my god
it's a bread rice oh my god even I gotta
try that I have to try it was right now
but dad's nowhere to be seen there's a
fire in the fireplace
his trucks down here you might have to
get on his ass for leaving a fire in the
propane yeah you're a freakin fire
hazard brah it's your son Michael call
me back I don't know where you are I'm
at your house there's a fire in your
fireplace
you're know we're coming back hey
where's pop
somewhere what was that that's not a
shady outside with the dogs
what were you a dad my house why are you
making this like secretive dude I feel
like you're planning something on me get
out of my house
I'm here for the Super Bowl Hey
do you know where he is take up what the
hell come on guys dude if you flip off
on your prank video jigger he's no
snitch like you I'm not a snitch you're
a snitch Jacob my snitch and snitches
get stitches at Bowden Jacob I'll give
you $30 you tumble Poppins no you don't
want 30 bucks well 50 bucks no bucks no
Buck one of us 500 bucks No
are you serious with this what what any
video games you want yeah I'll take you
to games up like you bought whatever you
want yeah I'm lost
Mitch what nice lunch so dad is nowhere
to be seen
uh I got no idea where he is well buddy
I can't vlog in the house does that mean
we're gonna get out of here thanks for
watching still waitin on dad I don't
know where he is it's very weird I don't
know this is strange
he's not answering my texts what if he
went somewhere else
no come on he had food all over the
place
yeah if he's trying to get me worried
and it's working you know
okay I'm gonna get at her you guys can
get a little worried like subscribe
favorite if I don't know everything I'm
sure he's fine
worried don't be worried that's it it's
still a lure that's it I said that was
the words that I use fun on everything
rejoice hey what are you doing here
where the hell you been yo your business
Jo man who's that nothing you snitch
away did you
yeah there you go as promised he did
snitch on you you know is that no he
snitch take those games back here snitch
you and happy where I've been so you
didn't snitch
dad Boyles because you don't want to get
no Disney going up stitch what is this
dude where were you PI are you pranking
me in your visit where I go what I do
Jake is going on what knows I want the
hell he's talking about man
am I getting pregnant I don't like be
playing pranks who you texting me just
well somewhere man tell what don't
happen what is that
ah I want to go shopping you know I
liked
