what's going on you guys Kibby honey
camera here
Bridget west here right there and today
today is Friday today yeah
you ruined it that was a smooth moment
and you ruined that moment cuz you had
no follow-up today is Friday and today
we usually fuck a little piece of trash
right there anyways in fact okay today
is Friday I'm doing today is Friday and
today we're not doing nothing
yeah not even thanks for watching you
guys a little piece of trash here in
Manila girly so I was pretty trashy of
me I apologize now today the only plan
that we have is to go hang out at
Walmart is there any movies playing I
checked this morning there was nothing
damn
all we got is Walmart folks why mine is
so usually when we have nothing to do
we're just gonna Walmart we'll chill we
haven't actually been devouring forever
it's time we just got chilly sup y'all
hanging out at Walmart our favorite spot
is by the meat yeah you know some people
like to hang out at baseball games or
wrestling event so skating rinks we hang
out at Walmart
buy me by the me Oh time me to some
about it just me no you're fine good
either
oh she ruined it shit a man well Bridget
ruined the intro click like if you agree
let's get this writing started it's time
for nerd block and oh wow like take a
look at that already know what the chart
is we'll put it aside okay so I haven't
gotten the nerd block in a while and I
was wondering why and I forgot I stopped
paying for it was we think I forgot what
hello so anyway I rewrite to sort it
here we go nerd blog first things first
said it's a look at a journal you're
neverending story that's so neat it's a
figure I don't watch Game of Thrones so
I don't know what this is the side says
the white Walker okay
Springs dashboard accessory
I know that is I don't either it is so
weird it supposed to be like an
adventure box today I don't know what
the ass do shit huh I don't know maybe
they ran out I don't know it's probably
something if you guys know what that is
let me know in the comments oh yeah here
we go
Hogwarts keychain oh wow that's neat
that's pretty awesome that is really
good for using it okay I don't have a
keys oh okay I'm fine with that
that is so cool
that is awesome it's adorable the
Hogwarts keychain we got one from Kari
last time this is from Harry Potter it
is a piece of the movie they took it off
with a 35 millimeter film this is one
frame of Harry Potter and the Deathly
Hallows part-2 that's really cool
this is the Shire from The Hobbit in The
Lord of the Rings movies so the block is
arriving late so it's that included an
extra item which is what I'm gonna guess
this is cuz this doesn't fit it with the
theme so I'm gonna guess that's the X
right that's pretty funny and let's go
to the shark which is my favorite part
already cuz I can tell what it is I'm
even a shirt this is not your shirt
Harry Potter so oh wow
put it on death is the Deathly Hallows
got the skulls of the lightning bolt
it's got the Wow got everything dude
that's really cool Harry Potter box so
in the box this month we got the Harry
Potter shirt the Shire picture whatever
that is the little Springs dashboard
accessory the film strip from the Harry
Potter movies the Hogwarts crest the
journal for the neverending story and
the game of Thrones
white Walker very cool very good box
today all right Shannon I'm showing
everybody a little Jekyll right she's
got this what is this thing I don't know
I just thought it was cute jeez that's
it for the kitchen huh that's it really
chin yeah let's go to the other rooms oh
my god
what she was oh man
I even got pink candles these are like
those little things boom on hug me Q
stuff oh Shannon white horse Shannon
pink candles candles oh man what you
know they smell good you get more
Shannon by the day so today I got these
gummy controllers I'm gonna turn it
Michael think that they're real Michael
please help me I need help you know I
can't I can't go the bandits please help
me I don't play this game why are you
filming this
he is because it's hard what's right for
each other
here you got to like press really hard
what the fuck is this thing you got to
press really hard it's a new controller
it's um like gel there's a battery in
the back it's really weird dude this is
like Michael please beat the bandits
Bridgette what fuck is this what is this
it's a gel material it's it's really
cool stealing not never anything like a
view president button look behind you
girl
okay no I didn't hit that eye hit four
and do nothing well I don't know what's
wrong with it see you
okay I'm not in pushing out the gnome
bar what's up okay Jesus Christ what is
this thing it's a gummy I knew something
was off the whole harmony I don't know
how it went this long honestly I knew
someone right off come on take a pie
nippon hey yeah it's candy alright but
seriously do you need help grab that one
what we'll get that one right because
it's my controller and I don't like you
touching it I can see if mirror
leadership Mir hey cha hey you know
whatever you want tell what Jason yes I
thought it would kind of work yeah no
way you actually believed it for a
little bit though no come on baby I
can't even believe you actually believe
differ a little bit
removing but it was are you saying it
was mine
sorry we'll wait a minute that is so
funny
blues my favorite whatever
oh you're kind of stupid with this does
I hope one of us make violence I'm sorry
yeah that's gonna be it for today you
guys thanks for watching Bridget your
prank didn't work
oh it kind of worked just a little bit
though wait it that worked just a little
there was a brief moment in time where I
had in my hand
and I was like okay what is this like
you a freaking belief thing no it was
like immediately I knew something was
off it was like rubbery and like I was
like okay something's off about this is
like candy what the hell and but then I
remove it so I was like okay wait a
minute my anyway it sort of worked not
your best work
not your best prank it's not it's not
but you once I bought a prank have a
dome or planning for dad how does that
it's so good guys you wanted me to prank
grandpa and it's happening grandpa's
getting pranked but first we're going to
Grandpa's house Sunday night for serve
all we got to say at the same time ready
we're going to grandpa's house Sunday
night for the okay we're not those
people dude this is no I know it's very
Shannon it was very sad like what would
Shannon make for the Superbowl
definitely football shaped crackers with
like me these little sandwiches but you
pick at like little triangle sandwiches
yeah and she would serve it on
sandwiches she would serve it on a tray
with a goalpost and stuff and when it
would be it'd be like chicken salad hey
guys take a look it's my Super Bowl
sandwich spectacular anyway going to
grandpa's house for the Super Bowl
Sunday click like you excited about that
it's excited go Panthers go Panthers
Panthers
are we gonna win Panthers Panthers
that's gonna be afraid of you guys
thanks for watching Bridget your prank
was a fail dude now you sort of okay
yeah your stupid first split second I
was like what oh my bad for you
subscribe favorite about sir
if all not everything rejoice that's it
love you guys
