what's going on you guys get me out of
camera here prettier right there and
today we're sleeping mister you're me
wide awake
I'm dia actually kind of tired fine I
don't know why cuz you went to bed at
like 11:30 feel tired I don't like
alarms you invented like 11:30 I went to
bed I haven't been doing a buy one hour
I don't even know I'm gonna say it today
no no come today if you haven't seen the
vlog yesterday what am i taught if you
haven't seen the vlog yesterday Berta
has to get tubes in her ears today and
it's early and I did it was a whole big
argument and today I'm going with her
you don't have to which I'm already out
way too no I'm fine now today is
Thursday cover you what does that mean
and in bed
I'll cover you so you go back to split
you I don't know time for all this house
shit just go back to bed hey please stop
with this rudeness I'm going with you
okay but that's all I'm gonna tell a
throwback Thursday story tonight I it's
too early to think of whether it's gonna
be a throwback story about something I
don't know any coffee
Michael so you're coming huh why you're
coming no good huh you just want to stay
no I'm not gonna do that because I know
you Michael you don't have to come is it
you page such a bitch yesterday I'm
sorry but I woke you up today and was
like I'm going you decided to come yeah
cuz I knew you know what thing we'll go
come on if you're coming let's go we
gotta go now yeah
what did miss some coffee pew I don't
drink coffee
you know Michael I'm really sorry did we
vlog I don't remember
did we log after the appointment no okay
we went to the doctors on the ENT and am
I talking about enough we went to the
ENT and basically it was a big waste of
time it was a big big they says oh we
can't do that here you have to go to a
different doctor's office so it was set
for March sometime March and I got up
for knows I'm sorry basically they can't
put tubes in my ears there because I'm
getting the permanent ones which are
called TTS and it'll be excruciating at
that so it was just a big waste of time
I'm not you though
Michael I'm fine you just sitting your
weight on my pancakes that's the one
bright spot me and Cindy got some
all-you-can-eat thank you okay see that
cheesy grin she's had their new guide
maybe collar but we want a pancake like
Oh wake up I'll be awake when the food
you two
I went to sleep it I couldn't sleep
always uber on six
Bridget wakes me up with freaking seven
I'm working an hour asleep and if I go
to sleep I'll ruin my sleep had him for
the rest of my life so oh I'm gonna snap
you go mom
yeah you go to the car leave your
complaints at the front yet I'm not
gonna make it I'm a blogger today why
because I love you sleeping you have to
you can't go to sleep though why because
my WrestleMania tickets come today yeah
just sort of sign for us okay
can we cuddle what kitty cat all little
time for this I truly think you're being
dramatic right now dude I mean we've got
one hour asleep you should have came
well why are you saying that because you
should not I did now I'm home I want to
sleep a little me tell you can't now I
did that for you can you not stay up to
get tickets for me Michael I told you to
stay yeah see proof proof yeah
Michael I'll stay up come on
I don't want to fight back it's for yeah
I'm not trying to fight so
tickets the UH so question if I got
tubes put in would you make me stay up
to get tickets now you're awake I know
your weight huh
you just don't answer the question maybe
Wow then Wow
my Paul's on Twitter are so accurate are
you talking about polls
I made pause on Twitter Oh Paul's on
Twitter too fo those poll
Michael shit dude Michael
why are you fucking with me for dude why
we're like eating and sleeping and you
just spell drink all over your phone -
what did you do oh my god I did not do
this
what where's my phone right here Jesus
Christ what did you do
you freaking spill Dr Pepper over it
what the hell dude
I didn't you I didn't know you ate
stuffing muscle-up what you're eating uh
how are you I'm sleeping few hours okay
from the fuck up shit dude you're not
gonna my god just kidding go out and
sleep hey Ritchie don't fall asleep like
that well that's gonna be infinity you
guys almost before I get out of here
I wanted to tell a throwback Thursday
story by the way that sound is Clyde
drinking water he's been drink water
like five minutes closed Riggin water so
anyway nope not yet boy now Belle is
waiting with this it's my turn after
Claude
maybe we should be second waterfall I
feel like like he's been drinking water
the whole time since before we got down
no no Phil is like no I'm thirsty
Bella forced her way yep he's a guy
licked something else
okay clay so anyway I want to tell my
throwback Thursday story and it involves
my ears because all the stuff that's
going on with Bridget's tears right now
I figured I would tell a throwback
Thursday story involving my own so I was
a kid many years ago and I needed to get
tubes in my ears and so I went to the
doctor I got the tubes put in my ear and
they
cotton balls in my ear for like draining
or something so I was supposed to take
the cotton ball out of my ear and I kind
of forgot I never did it I didn't take
him out I forgot it was in there and
later one of the night I'm taking a
shower and while I'm in the shower okay
I didn't I was not satisfied with a snap
whatever while I was in the shower the
cotton ball fell down my ear at first I
wasn't sure if it actually went down my
ear there's a possibility that it could
have hit the ground it could have went
down the law a lot of things could have
happened to it but I didn't see it
anywhere which meant it might be in my
ear but I didn't tell anybody so about
three days go by and finally I go to dad
and I'm like yo check this out I think
there's a cotton ball maker because I
started having hearing problems
I couldn't hear out of the ear anymore
something was up and dad didn't see shit
oh you boys shitting you look at your
ass ain't shitting your guy gave me this
room sugar is going to create that bitch
so another week goes by and I still have
this cotton ball in my hair and I'm
getting progressively more afraid
because I'm having drainage come out of
the ear now it almost looks like blood
is coming out I'm getting scared I don't
know what to do I'm wondering if I
should try to get it and I try to fish
it out and nothing happens and really I
think I'm had to go to the doctor I'm
have to go to the hospital so later in
the week grandpa decided to go to his
aunt's house and I went with him and and
her house was tons of stuff it was his
aunt his aunt Roberta and she had like
everything do everything you can imagine
she had all kinds of stuff around her
yard and so while they were inside
talking I decided to stroll around and
look at everything in the yard and
that's when I found a rusty nail so what
did I do
I told you I'm not the brightest kid I
take this nail and I started jamming it
into my ear and I'm digging around my
fucking ear and finally after about 10
minutes having a nail in my ear I dig
out the cotton ball the cotton ball was
in my ear the whole time and I dug it
out with a rusty nail could have given
myself tetanus could it cut myself could
have got myself say many things could
have happened luckily it didn't I think
I imagined I don't know but that was the
story I wanted to tell you guys I had a
cotton ball
in my ear and I fished it out with a
fucking rusty nail well that's gonna be
it for today you guys thanks for
watching
it's time to go to sleep my WrestleMania
tickets aren't here yet
bridgie I stay up a little longer my god
you've been asleep already took a nap so
anyway thanks for watching you guys um I
don't know what I'm talking about
anymore I got to get some sleep
how long was I napping for napping did I
just use the word napping all on earth I
would say then ill I used the word
napping hmm I'm gonna go to sleep you
guys I'm gonna take asleep gonna do that
thanks for watching you drinking again
sweet delicious water what a nice hug
you're kidding no I'm actually looking
over at Clyde it was an accidental hug
thanks watching you guys like subscribe
favorite implement everything for joy
thanks for wasting my time today all
muscle see the thing all right
oh yeah
make sure it's even
how about that Wow out there Wow to make
this so hard why did you just talk
