what's going on you guys get me on a
camera here for Joe us here right there
we're in my favorite shirt and today is
Wednesday and today was a wonderful day
today was probably the worst day it was
a bad day today okay
so full disclosure this vlog is about to
be nothing but a big argument I really
apologize I probably shouldn't have
handled it that way but so um you do the
intro well I'm still a little mad so
Bridget was I told you getting
yesterday's vlog that Bridget has to get
tubes in right here she told me maybe
she slipped up somewhere I don't know
she might have to go get it done in
Colombia which I didn't understand but
she said she meant to go to and that's
two hours away from where we live - I
didn't even mean Colombia if I said okay
let me do this so she told me I had to
go to Colombia and she never clarified
that she didn't have to go to Colombia
and this morning she wakes me up saying
oh I'm actually gonna give them tomorrow
morning at 7:00 which made me think oh
god it's a two-hour drive to Colombia
7:00 that means we have to leave at 5:00
I usually go to bed at 4:00 I would have
to sleep up I'd stay up all night it's a
10-minute procedure maybe I won't go and
she took that as a sign of me saying
fuck you Bridget
fuck your ears fuck your life I don't
give a shit everything I have
overreacted she overreacted and so chaos
ensued and we've been fighting all day
about it we don't hide anything from you
guys so I said you know what we recorded
it we're fucking up alone again you guys
want to know when we fight we had a
fight today
yeah here it is here's our fight hope
you enjoy click like if you want us to
break up
okay everyone is gonna click light
that's because I wanted them are you
gonna like it yeah some plums bump I
like it too I mean you may fall Michael
you had me and she'll have my back dude
yes Michael I have your back don't even
dare
trying to see otherwise yeah my face
Michael you just made my glasses city
you made my day shitty
hey piece of shit
POS piece of shit you know dude
hmm first of all your piece of shit I
know okay so you do want to do a vlog
today yeah earlier you don't want to do
a vlog now I want to give every child a
but now you want to do the vlog okay
it's just fine dude you don't saying you
want to get all this on camera you want
all of our stuff out on the streets yeah
but I know about our problem piece of
shit here's the thing that's what shit
looks like right there huh
what that shit line up you don't say it
I want on record this and if she can
move so quick you trying me dude you're
rich you're being an asshole and I don't
appreciate it
what did I do you're not going with me
dude how dare you how the problem doctor
you never gave me a chance to explain
when I was talking about
not one yeah you said you you want to
sleep how do you sleep salir a Tim sleep
they don't know what's going on on the
vlog if you're gonna fucking use this
they don't know what fuck's happening so
give him a little context or don't you
give it to him in the hall you gave your
side of the shit okay so a summary
Bridget told you her side of the problem
she woke me up this morning with a text
message and I didn't read the text
message I came down the stairs oh gee my
tanks just long story short I didn't
know we're just getting her tubes out
tomorrow
why it's diet no I'm getting tubes in
tubes in and out slicing my eardrums
open and you're not going how dare you
that's really sick in the morning so
what I wouldn't be there for you I mean
I'm just a better you would have to you
can drive if you're the only way I'm
getting there
so I'm gonna get
little sleep Wow Wow okay I'll give that
to you wow it sounds bad putting it that
way yeah that's how you've been putting
it all day so I've been a bitch all day
and you are a piece of shit dude
first of all if you don't want to look
at the cunt don't walk up call me a
piece of shit you're a cunt I'm not a
cut you Michael don't make me do this
this job I don't know how to fix that
please don't make me fucking rub some
shit down okay fix the bed Elise
what'd I do let me go it whatever all
day even like this make sure it's even
how about that Wow I'm gonna put it all
out there
Wow are you gonna make this so hard why
can't we just talk why I'm gonna do this
on camera I tried to talk no you didn't
yeah no you didn't you told me here's
how it happened earlier okay first
things first I thought it was going to
be in Colombia because originally we're
talking about maybe they would had to
because you had some bullshit reason
Kosovo it would be in charlestown not
Colombia you told me they were
considering Colombia and it was going to
be
dude it's tubes no I said Charleston you
misheard just like you never ever
listened to me ever okay you definitely
told me it might be Columbia who's a
doctor in Columbia yes you said that now
that's two hours away and you never
clarified on any of the other shares I
was going at the end of the month in
Columbia and I was said I would go to
that and you woke me up this morning
telling me the shit is moved till
tomorrow and when I said I'm going to be
asleep I assumed in my head
Columbia two hours I'm going to be going
to bed about 5:00 in the morning so I'm
gonna be working going to Columbia
working on two hours of fucking sleep
that's crazy
now that was my first thought now you
later told me it was in Charleston but
after that point the case are you going
no why because you're being a fucking
royal bitch and you make me freak out
now you never gave me a chance to
explain you've been treating me like
shit all day about it you cooked
yourself dinner you didn't cook me
nothing now I know you didn't if you did
you throw it in the trash I was watching
TV and then you are eating a plate of
food I don't got shitty are we recording
this because this is not the kind of
shit we put on vlog well Musa put the
bed on move so I can put the batter on
that's nicely please move
fine do you want to sleep on the fucking
floor on a backwards bed tonight or do
you want it on the fucking thing well
have fun always been crooked bullshit
cuz of you dude oh never me Michael it
is always because of you
stop you just leave me alone what we
have to flog today you already got your
vlog here it is drama that's what you're
all about
Michael you started it how did I start
it he said sleep is more important than
me pretty much I know said that do
basically said it you implied it it's
rude here's how it was sad okay uh I
said you said going tomorrow it's going
to be at 7 o'clock and my first reaction
was oh god you know I don't go to sleep
into a 4 or 5 and you said oh I guess
sleeps more important than my ears and
didn't give me a chance to explain shit
I was gonna say I'll have to stay up all
night that's number one so stay up all
night
can you please cigar let me finish
you've never ever let me talk about it
that's not even true no you just come
out me this right here is a prime
example 20 minutes ago we were
downstairs I was trying to explain my
position and then you tell me you'll
fuck myself and you walk aside I come up
here to just chill and you come in with
a camera call me a piece of shit now
that's not how adults work their fucking
problems out
you're like dad right now no no no
you're like a step away from the
destroying the TV dude that's not sure
that's what I feel like I'm waiting for
you to just snap the fucking TV now you
want to talk about it like an adult put
the camera down and we can talk
the dogs are down there freaking out do
we have to fight all the time we do not
fight all the time this feels like it
all day well it's cause of you
why because they care about me I Sarah
you know I'm trying to trying to tell
you I'll go
I'm going to be exhausted but the thing
is is only a 10-minute procedure I got
to stay up all night for ten minutes of
that and then the rest of the day you
sleep and I ruined my sleep pattern I
thought it would be easy if I just sleep
but then I can be for you all I can be
there for you all day tomorrow fine but
no but you might you let me explain that
we should have said that I tried you
should have said it
do you really think you're being
rational walking up the camera call me a
piece of shit is that rational that's
what adults ooh you are being a piece of
shit I you're still filming this you
started all this shit all day I've been
sick about this all day baby scared all
day it's ten minutes I've gotten tubes
in my ears all my life the last set have
you ever been awake I'm going to be a
way yes I was always awake I better all
of them and you know why it's cuz they
numb you they don't pee the bed what is
that about
that's personal not even true why the
fuck would you bring that up during a
fight I don't get it we're not even
talking about like peeing the bed well
tell me your tubes you're getting tubes
near ear tomorrow
well are you filming yes I mean would
they feel bad I don't pee the bad dude
okay yeah I'm just trying to not fight
anymore god damn Charlie do some
light-hearted bullshit apologize for
fighting you've not coming with me I've
got to apologize to you I'm sorry
Michael admit all day you've started to
shit you never gave me a chance to
explain I was half awake I'm sorry yeah
if you would've just if you would know
what I got you for Valentine's Day and
by the way it's not a fucking engagement
ring because I know how your mind works
you would run with it yeah why would you
ever fucking marry me why would you ever
marry me this is dead too much yeah take
it yeah sorry yeah all because you owe
me go get you a McGriddle tomorrow all
because I said oh so now everything's
cool to the point where you're bringing
me griddles one one
I'm gonna show you a piece of shit who
doesn't support you in all the shit all
because I'm thinking well it is only 10
minutes of a bullshit procedure and now
all of a sudden you'll get me Matt
griddles and you made dinner you gonna
clean the house probably already cleaned
okay it's the worst day dude no yeah I
forgive you because you said you would
know something you I don't even forgive
you yet I'm not prepared to accept your
apology
I'm your mind me of dad you didn't think
you reacted without thinking and now we
have now our vlog today is us fighting
well you know I kind of got it from you
how about that you have an anger problem
maybe I have my everything okay
sometimes I get angry I understand yeah
I gave that for my father it's
hereditary you have normal parents so
you're just a bitch okay mines
hereditary and it's over pretty quick
this has been all day so sick of
fighting me too so I mean the girls do
you want to and don't forget the egg
okay yeah last okay nothing velocity
times you forgot a are you gonna fit to
me for that now I'm just telling you
don't forget the hell hey I won't I'm
starting here now I'm shaking dude Luis
can you see it
my hands okay let's go get some food
shit I'm sorry
yeah no you're not sorry you just spiked
oh yes I'm sorry
stop stop it
Oh what you said you have you employee
gone so is it the trash you lied to me
like I didn't lie so I don't got food
you got to be McDonald's let's go easy
let's go look I'm gonna end the vlog
here um we're good now
we're good we've worked it out Thomas
yeah madam e for not cooking for you I
mean we all know you might tell him ik
dogs anyway I want to know your guy's
opinion okay who was wrong who was right
let us know in the comments if you think
I was being an asshole by saying maybe I
wouldn't go or bridge was being a bitch
by just lashing out of me like a
psychopath okay I was not that bad let
me know what they call you I'm gonna get
out of here
wait Arvid I'm gonna be in this well
fuck dude here it is Sam hey that's
gonna be for today you guys thanks for
watching sorry that's all this was was a
big fight I'm really sorry too but I
can't hide anything from you guys no I
feel subscribe favorite color and
everything rejoice
that's it any kiss please
Oh tell me smelling you smell
yes I was very confused here
let's put Nevada well mystery solved
mystery solved we get out of a seat by
the way
