what's going on you guys Kip be on a
camera here vigil STR right there right
here right there right here right there
right here right there
right here right there right here I can
do this all night right there right here
right there
right here I've been up doing today is
Tuesday and today I give the gear
doctors she's going to the ENT the ear
doctor because she heals shit I don't
hear shit that's right you don't that's
why you go to the ENT I literally don't
hear anything I was that right here you
still don't grasp what I just did you I
played your mind
I said bridging here shit you said I
don't hear she don't like mind game
stop that's right boy that's a joke you
can see somebody you can say to somebody
yeah you hear shit I don't hear shit you
walked right into that joke so today is
Tuesday we're just gonna your doctor and
your doctor but he's got an ear
appointment I'm gonna pay the doctor off
the jab a scalpel into her ear why would
you do that to me I don't know about you
loved me fun it'll be funny I'm like wow
anyway forget it
last shorter can I talk short intro
scalpel in the air today Wow obvious I'm
not gonna pay a doctor to put a scout
what doctor would do it we're like oh
I'll do that I'm gonna stick a scalpel
in her ear yeah nobody would do that no
what do you want
picks anyway why even call me the pick
slightly cuz it's funny anyway I'm gonna
get outta here
start for pickleboy let's get this
Tuesday started bridges ear appointment
Stein oh yeah
what are you talking about dude where
it smells so horrible Michael okay why
don't smell it get up
how can you not smell this what is the
smell y-yeah what don't say okay you say
shit like that is what really gets me it
does not smell like me it's stuff like
you okay sure it does I'm just kidding
I'm just kidding
no human can smell this bad I don't know
how you can't smell this oh fuck
Courtney okay yeah tell everybody on
camera that I think you smell like this
whatever this you know I don't dude it's
you uh well one of us can smell is
probably you um no it's not me
you know if I could have a sense of
smell I'm sorry but you fucking whore
okay laugh it up bitch cake
that's not a prank right there I'm gonna
tell the fucking doctor that you fucking
I don't know you want your ears we
worked on with a rusty nail okay like
they're gonna listen to your advice I'm
gonna pay him to do it so here's a
thought
what what if the smells coming from your
ears okay well hey you're the one go and
get your ears checked out okay
rude do you see it oh I smell it but
it's like it smells like infection
enough you're recording this
yes so if you're wondering what's going
on right now we've been driving around
the car and Bridget says it smells like
infection I say it smells like dirty Bo
and I don't think anybody's a better
judge it out than I am
this say what you said to me in the car
what you said he smelled like this
before I have smelled like this forest
kind of like if you wear a pair of pants
for like two weeks to the time I'm
sweating them this is what they smell
like
Oh Michael I'm trying to find it it's
probably me I feel like there's it's
sour milk and um I don't I don't know
like it's just so bad
you ready for this yes oh shit is that
it you tell me smell it you smell wait
yes that dude I was right that's the
milk from Harris Teeter hey that's the
let's put in a bike well mystery solved
mystery solved oh wow sleek it out of
the seat by the way no yeah I felt what
don't say it yeah
shit you're never getting milk again
just so you know it's gonna bail you
smoked cake so I just noticed we still
haven't picked up the cake off the floor
in bells like I take some of that cake
Johnny cake
we'll see if we make cloud run to us no
whoa Jesus call me up he caught me off
guard Clyde your liking up on the broke
ride cly
you should have smelled Mama's car
tonight he would've loved it I think is
it cold god I wish smells so good i love
smell car oh my god i love to smell a
nasty milk car alright card so I want to
describe to people just what your cards
are smelled like tonight an infection
sauce garbage and I want to clarify oh
when I said that I've smelled like it
before
amen I like that I met Bridget smells
like it all the time
smelly no people gonna believe that
Michael bridges clothes smell like sour
chocolate milk that's left under the
seat of a car
Michael you smell like that now oh you
know what's really fucked up Bridgette
this now clarifies to be that we're
disgusting pigs click like for
disgusting fuck pigs yeah hey even worse
I'm filming you right for him a toy
Ellie nasty little fuck Pig I just click
like on the video me til now if anybody
was wondering the car actually had this
milk smell for the past week I think it
was you though come on now we not come
on original to take shots at each other
it was Bridgette her clothes when she
sweats smell like sour milk
sorry chocolate milk now it's enough so
the past week we were riding around in
the car were like what is that smell and
of course for a few days I couldn't
smell so I'm like I don't smell anything
Ridgid it's you and I honest to god I
thought it was her I was like it must be
Bridgette smell her clothes or something
you're not sure no you did I could smell
if I take more showers than you okay I
obviously would not be me okay I didn't
smell it us why if I assumed it was
coming off your own clothes okay I don't
need this right we live in trailwood
swears that mean it means we always
smelled like sour shit in that trail you
smelled like sour Shay not me actually I
always smell good anyway why are you
find me here after my votes then why are
you making fun of me here I'm just
trying to explain that I thought it was
you you know I think it was me I did
Nathan yes I did I don't believe you I'm
not saying that I smelled it I'm saying
because only you smelled it we have to
be coming from you so really why is why
is this so hard for you to comprehend
simple shit because it should take me
ten minutes to explain that okay there's
no way you thought oh my god that you
are mentally deranged you don't
understand simple shit no no no you just
Burchett Felix like fishes that looks
like he's up to something
you should see this he's just like
standing there like he just yeah what
did you do for your legs what's he up to
all right Felix what's the rub what'd
you do Felix what's going on is he
spraying you better hobby he won right
shut the wall I'll see nothing Felix
let's follow him Felix you just piss
over the wall he like his thread God so
you'll never catch me you dumb asses
I'll piss wherever I want fuck both of
you
Felix truth well that's gonna be it for
today you guys thanks for watching what
a good day click like for a bridge of
free outro not the only like you're
clicking dislike aren't you
this Oh God freelancer over babe click
like if bridge is a smelly pig bitch
good like you're not but you're not what
so anyway thanks watching Bridgette went
to the air doctrine chief Anna she had
Shatner Arizona clearly shit that Joey
owes girl yeah we clean some shit out of
the car it's thumb your car smelled like
a corpse or aka is the kind of sort of
thought it was you
let's just shoot straight from the hip
girl you smelled the car up didn't you
oh yeah I didn't smell a thing so it had
to be you that's why I thought it was
you though because I was like oh god
what is that horrible smell and you're
like I just found nothing and you never
smell your vo
so I just assumed it was you know nobody
can ever smell themselves esta exactly
ok now it was you use you somehow defies
me the bed now I'm getting at here I
know
No God you've painted the worst image of
me when we meet people at VidCon they're
like hey tickle boy he does smell like
shit guys I'm getting out of here thanks
for watching you guys like subscribe
favorite on everything and that's it
bye guys alright I'm not dealing with a
dude what is all this food can I have
some can you taste it not really it's
not a big bowl of basically gray slob
because he can't taste it I'm not saying
it's gray slot
I'm saying to you it is because you
can't taste or smell so it may as well
be paste so I mean it all to go like
that man my work
