what's going on you guys kid behind a
camera here for johast here sorry folks
no bridge free outro to our intro to a
whiny love me why acting like them of
course I do but I want free like so I
want to be like bridge you're free intro
click like I will have a bridge free
outro will say no I'm always in the
outro outro will be bored you free so I
can get some fun on guys I love the
intros like I don't I don't know bridge
it was too he art okay I'm still Siskin
what's going on you guys kid we had a
camera here ok we'll do one more time
what's going on you guys get me Ally
camera yeah you've already fucked it up
today is Monday and today we're not
watching wrestling yes we are watching
wrestling now number two that's it just
wrestling today we're gonna go over to
grandpa's house he wrote me saying that
he's sake and he's blaming me so I'm
gonna go see just how sick he really is
ahh blaming you you got it all safe you
know they shoulda stayed you're a snore
I feel like you called Michael Ghana
sick you should be mad at Michael that's
not yeah this is me I was gonna ask it
be on a camera here and this is you ok
ok it's not true it's not true anyway
forget all that let's get this Monday
started let's find out if grandpa's
really sick and let's flip bridge it off
just to do it wow that felt good that
felt good rude rude well as you can see
I spent a lot of time cleaning the
living girls in the kitchen who cleaned
I did
so yeah I cleaned the entire living room
well the clean this one tutor I'm gonna
leave that one for you because I get all
this which I did all this already I want
to start decorating for v-day
I got wall decoration no you didn't I
did come on Shannon you did not get
because you did and I don't want to put
them up until it's clean
well it's clean we'll see part is the
first letter in it some help okay go
clean it I've done this and this Bridget
yeah I did three times life in Hell in
an afterlife I don't believe in that
stuff so I'll do it see it but I don't
believe second but what if I'm agnostic
I'm not atheist exactly so I did all
this that that I did it yes I did I
cleaned you know how to clean bridge I
cleaned everything yeah I did
Bridget stop telling everybody that you
cleaned it was me I did it you did do
anything like clean oh god you believe
that yo talk again you believe that you
cleaned it don't you I think I said that
wrong you believe that you cleaned my
car bridge it was me guess what are your
dad's life in hell okay it was you but
guess what everybody on vlogs something
it was me
no I don't think she'd pay the bed
you're the one who actually pees the bed
bow no no I was reading the comments
they really think you pee the bed so I
worked really hard I'm sure you guys are
kitchen oh my god
Bridget stop you did not do this you're
really trying to take this credit
Michael you did not do this oh my god so
are you kidding me right now this is
what I cleaned first I cleaned the
kitchen I look what cleaner did you use
409 what the fuck is that
getting up 409 first stainless steel
yeah I must have used the wrong stuff
yeah what are you gonna do a test real
quick how do you know I used water and a
rag I'll use any cleaner
yeah then here you go Bridget you and
the award for laziest bitch
I'm joking obviously you claim you want
to talk about lazy give up oh no you by
the way we only do that choking thing to
piss off bridges mom oh my god this is
her off so very timid ish like I just
wanna
I am but Michael no don't even say it I
can only say what you're thinking you
gotta be sick man oh come on you were
not sick yeah Bridget lamassu question
was his voice that bad a minute ago yeah
no it wasn't he's adding a node a key a
lot see you you minute ago you were
talking him he's B's bullshitting you
got took you out man
well that I don't doubt but I don't
think you're sick is your pretending I'm
not pretending what you were someone
oxacillin yeah you got to guy ain't like
it's a head is amoxicillin yeah but you
got a little box you me go to a mocks I
am a widow doom is merging come on tell
me that that is not a fair choice I'm
sick too they were both sick thank you
okay obviously something's going on
thanks to you
something's going on and y'all playing
some shit no almost cook barbecue more
chicken man messy Charlie was he talking
like that five minutes ago was his voice
not different I plead the fifth who paid
your damn phone bill see see
yeah yeah see hey you know you know it
all in all defense and stuff man dad was
know both been sick all week yeah bad
I'm not denying but I think like dad has
a thing where he wants me to think he's
sick of everyone sick no somebody got me
spit what's you pulling a grandma green
who you guys would bore a dude it's like
you run around you bro dude don't even
joke like that no
I was hanging around 18,000 people at
the Amway Center somewhere along those
lines if you were a whore okay
I'm not dealing with it dude what does
all this food can I have some now can
you taste it
not really it has got a big bowl of
basically gray slob because he can't
taste it I'm not saying it's gray slop
I'm saying to you it is because you
can't taste or smell so it may as well
be paste so I mean it ought to go like
that man my work so I got grandpas sake
that we come from man no quit no I'm
ready man I know that's what I'm doing
because I know what annoys you
you're right duh Super Bowl this Sunday
little corn how's it look Bridgette oh
my god it looks so I made some spaghetti
carbonara people and this time I either
like a cream element to it to make it a
creamier spaghetti carbonara cuz I look
looks awesome is that mine yeah
bada-bing spaghetti carbonara hi belly
ready we got to put a little bed every
night huh I know huh she always walks
now come here Bella come here get over
here yes I'm helping her up hey Mel I
helped her up she growls huh why'd you
do that
still growls God fellow my lad suit my
own bed like be nice girl I don't know
what this means
we good Bella deal good day Bella new
blanket Bridget hell yeah we'll see a
magic trick
sure
Wow over here holy crap was it again
yeah this is actually definitely ready
mmm I'm still standing here
Oh where is he oh there you are
sounds like water you take Tim all right
one more time bye you guys
ah my grand finale okay oh there you are
all right now you see me oh my god where
is he what
there you are how'd you do that well
it's gonna be in for today you guys
thanks for watching the back into that
vlog just sort of flew by one second I
was cooking food this next second I'm
upstairs doing magic tricks by the way
that I can actually just scared myself
right there I was there by the way
that's not that's moving because I moved
it and I thought I saw something it's
too late for this I gotta go to bed
thanks for watching you guys what a long
day Bridget's already asleep so click
like if you're happy for a Brigette free
outro shameless I know it's a shameless
way to get likes and I'm embarrassed not
really no I'm talking about they work
thanks watching you guys I'm gonna get
out of here
gotta clean before I go to bed I just
realized the dogs to all kinds of cotton
oh I got it thanks for watching you guys
hope you had a good day hope you had a
better day than me dad's mad cuz he
thinks I got him sick maybe I did but I
don't care that's gonna be able to you
guys thanks for watching like subscribe
favorite and dad get better soon
although I have a sneaking suspicion
that you're not really that's
come on
fuck oh hey oh God
