what's going on you guys kid me on the
camera air Bridget west not here
thumbs up cuz she don't gotta hear her
in the intro again it better at that
you didn't better not have virginity
intros I'm starting this vlog off at
night and the reason that I'm starting
this vlog off at night it's because
Bridget is upstairs right now working on
getting the sheets and blankets on our
bed new blanket new sheets because
grandpa destroyed the other I will not
want to say destroy the other ones they
can be washed and I think she had that's
not important
yesterday through a cake on my damn face
and so we're working on getting new
sheets right now and I wanted to film
that's all we're gonna start the vlog
off early in the morning so let's get
this Sunday started oh man did we never
close the window no so everybody
anybody's wondering we cloak we opened
the window cuz dad stunk up the room
well this frickin farc what the window
lock it lock it do this is a two-story
house you think someone's scaling the
side of the house to get up to two years
you never know
yeah we're just the person that breaks
into our house is fuckin spider-man you
never know your bail things are stupid
right Bella no she grieves I'm a locket
okay okay dude why don't we buy a new
blanket if we're just we putting the
same old one on there why do you have so
many damn questions
it has to dry twice why did you have to
wash a new blanket because I don't like
the new smell I didn't feel like buy
from a yard sale but like this is like
who else will sleep in a garbage bin so
basically you can't
why don't you pee the bed uh this used
to be your side of the mattress that's
always been your side it should hug
while peeing in the bed we do we gotta
go there take it back tell everybody
those Bella pees all over the bed it was
you don't say that shit it was
that Microsoft you're gonna cause it for
you who was it
those Bella she had a bladder infection
I don't peed the bed right right nobody
watching thinks you pee the bed for they
all think if they know it and I don't I
know you don't
it was Bella furrow okay a new thing
what is up with the punch and shit
oh no ever since our window up in height
why I told you pump some people out
there's got me like yes ah whoa don't
mess the pics why are you saying this is
my pillow because it is no it's not blue
this this pillow has the yellow tint to
it
I'm just dirty no yeah I got that pillow
at the apartment shut up this is my
pillow I get the yellow pill no I get
the yellow pillow
dude no Michael please don't sleep in
that pillow fight I have headache so mom
you haven't clean sheets both can you
believe it you're still trying to keep
the pillow
I like this fella this belt was like on
my side I'll give you a publication of
what Lois she's coming at me she's on
myself
that's my pillow pet what that's my
that's my pillow Bella she's not letting
me have it
Hey good girl
probably some strategy here I'll say I'm
just checker
doopa doopa doopa d oh my god hey I'll
be best friends well it's the next day
and the reason I'm starting off here on
those stairs is because I wanted to show
you my view last night when I was going
to bed and I freaked out so right there
is the vacuum cleaner that Bridget used
to vacuum up a lot of the cake and all
the bullshit from Grandpa through the
fuck oh by the way ok I'm in the middle
of speaking was that necessary
yeah probably necessary I don't care oh
so last night she leaves the freaking
vacuum cleaner sitting outside the door
and I was coming up the stairs and it
freaked me out so let's do a reenactment
so this was last night I was coming to
bed and this is what happened you
because you left the freaking vacuum
cleaner around it scared me too though I
was like all right it's one of those
most I really wish we were recording
right I've been humiliated to upload it
I was really scared to like it checked
me well let's move that fucking alright
you guys it's time for us horeb lock
high block by not today buddy you missed
it I said whore block Oh
so stop with the small shit first it's a
piece of a film care I don't know if
it's real or reap I don't know
next oh that's pretty cool it's a
keychain it's a little hatchet that is
cool you should use it
I will okay looks like baby eat you
alive
huh let's open this thing up looks so
cool oh my god it is Clyde how's the
smell to it you know I I'm not even
interested no likey the smell anyway
thing is crazy dude well that's pretty
cool it's the closest I'm ever gonna get
to a Chucky doll yep
that's awesome gravestone phone holder
bone holders this is cool you always
lose your phone oh my god
oh but you said my phone in there that
is so neat I like that look you gotta
you run your charge under it that's
pretty cool so you charge your phone on
this little gravestone I love it
definitely next dear laptop okay
stop Rue Morgue magazines blood in four
colors a graphic history of horror
comics so it's a whole thing about
horror comic books that's really cool
wow I freaking love horror blog - yeah
they only put so much work in news I
know I love it so much okay looks like
now we read the shirt I need a new shirt
anyway so oh fuck yeah oh why it so has
a wrestling fan I'm a huge variety Piper
painting has a huge variety of hyper-v
and I of course have seen the movie they
live obey holy cow this one's not yours
Rosie
take it from me Michaels what's my shirt
I don't have any clothes right now you
got all of my core black shirts this one
keeping so you know ahead of time the
obey shirt is mine that is so cool
so in the movie they live Roddy Piper's
character finds a find sunglasses when
he puts it on he can see the world as it
really is
and you can see like those he's like
alien-like creatures that are like
taking over and you can see them
everywhere right and you see signs as
they obey and it's about corporate and
Mary it's a whole thing it's amazing
this is that's really cool I'm happy for
you
he warms my heart every day y'all right
lady oh my god
that's me wants to do to you alright
yeah my god what's going on here they're
all making like weird noise I don't know
that's it for the horror book we got a
bunch of cool shit yeah okay I'm done
what's that hi
oh wow is it quit fucking around
oh god okay I love you too wait angel
Clyde please no more ah pretty sure I'm
gonna prank you and dad I'm so happy to
not pee the bed last night
come on with all this pee in the bed
shit dude I'm really happy I didn't wake
up dog
I don't pee the bed Bridget yeah you do
they're gonna think that if he the bed
you got to stop it I don't pee the bed
I know Jonah stop saying it but you do
know I don't
Michael you sometimes do where's it
swear on your life and afterlife that I
see the bed that I have ever peed the
bed you can't do it cuz I don't you pee
the bed stop and everyone watching
believes that they think you wet the bed
no I don't Richard I've had it
I do not wet the fucking bed I'm just
kidding it doesn't matter they believe
it now Lily don't oh come on
click like if you think I pissed the bed
perception is reality they think it now
they believe it look sometimes you have
a little too much to drink for bet it's
ok dude stop it's ok really is a real
stop we're gonna believe it I mean I
don't think I sweat in bed so Bridget
well s'what it be you got there's never
been okay it's all on your side yeah I'm
gonna get pissed perjury that's not true
you've got to stop I mean sometimes I
wonder why my entire side is just
drenched you know if your site is
trenches because you pissed a bet
I don't pee the bed you know Bridget you
can piss me off if your side stretched
you peed and now I'm learning I'm
learning that Bridget beaz the bed nice
try anyway is your size reached my date
not my entire world or I've never
woke up okay it's it up please second
does it just my size ah good mad you've
got to stop it stop it seriously you're
gonna make everyone believe it oh it's
true
stop it dude it's true you wet the bed
it's okay
bridge is just trying to troll I don't
be the bed so why this really upset -
you probably get us to know it obsess me
because people gonna believe I pissed
the bed now and I don't like it cuz it
ain't true I know I'm just troll okay
there's a matter of perceptions reality
they think it now because you had to say
she's taking it back you guys I don't be
the bed either bed she's taken aback I
don't pee the bed stop saying that I pee
the bed why don't you because I think I
pissed the bed I don't I don't piss the
bed it's enough already with all this I
don't yeah you do you little bit last
night so no dudes enough I don't okay
you don't I'm sorry so why are you
saying all that bullshit why are you
telling people that I peed the bed do
nowadays I'm mad at you for what so
you're gonna lie and say I pee the bed
you got me sick so because I just say
the words
because I got you sick you're gonne be
sick and I'm mad at you and what are you
doing don't walk away from me what are
you doing because uh uh nothing you're
telling people that I'd be the bed on
vlog you pee the bed wait don't say I do
it just so they're gonna believe that
we're gonna have to rectify this okay
I'm sorry
a recording the whole fucking time yeah
it's right I'm mad at you though for
real why you got me really sick I'm late
I'm sorry you're mad at my probably
gonna die now oh god
do you have it wisely why can't you just
stay in Orlando until you're better why
do you gotta bring this shit here you're
honestly mad I'm honestly mad I was sick
in December because of you now I'm sick
now because of you think about I'm here
I don't to spread my sickness to anyone
go go say in a hotel you know one man
this is getting ridiculous
didn't choose to get sick you fuck it
don't use germ X thank you for that now
I'm sick you believe in this shit now
I'm sick are you saying this I first
figured coughing up phlegm good God
oh shit you like try to get me sick - I
know it I keep coughing in my face can
you believe how she's treating me buddy
you pee the bed they already got you
admitting us not treated I didn't miss
shit you admitted it you people better
okay you admitted it yeah I was secretly
recording you can you admitted it that's
it for today you guys thanks for
watching
I don't pee the bed number one number
two doesn't people Bridget I work I
secretly recorded you admitting it
I was trying make you feel better you
didn't know I was recording I don't care
I was trying to feel better anyway
thanks for watching you guys
you don't be the bad you gotta stop just
stop
and - no ah no like/subscribe
damn you may bring
oh okay come on how bad
