Jesus Christ you guys can't come the
mattress look that makes you happy
know what hey pretty damn pill I would
ride back up on to bed I'm going I want
to touch it
Britta helping no I will bring help me I
don't a damn girl
Marion look at my ear brush - I can't
get it yes
dig it out please go down nasty I mean
in the whole area that's nasty
so slide down my fucking - your drum NAT
oh you got cake over your back with me
huh bunch of fucking he'll think I broke
my knuckle like open a window no God ji
stinks in here
hey go get bath well I gotta go smell
bad you got to clean you cleaner through
man god damn State it was spotless his
things you made it
stay we work out I got partying - stop
fucking do it
haven't you made
wasn't even a prank a prank of something
you plan out hey Bridget I don't anyone
here with you force himself in here let
me ask you a quick dad what how much of
this was Bridget that is all meters done
told you
hey hey hey Bridget thanks for what
nothing I just applied lettermen see you
later I'd come after you but I'll slide
down the damn stairs and I don't break
my feet right now of that I want to see
I wash my hands above you come on
Michael
I gotta get some sleep dude you won't be
up early after a book are you still here
you just said he's in city show you see
the argument my knuckle punch the
fucking candle boy buncha can't afford
get him out dude you should go
ha hey Michael how could you be having
two million daily times 2 million happy
to be ready do me mo I'll bring you
another cake Michael dad shut my fucking
door I don't know he was gonna do that
yes you did what was he gonna do I don't
know
bring it to you in bed because you're
sick please you're not fan on it smells
like shit up here what van where
bathroom
I think my use I didn't know he was
gonna do that will we intro me you said
I got some cake on you Michael what you
saw cake on you where your head I took a
shower dude Oh impossible you're so cute
where ya ends on the back what right
they are like how did you miss that I
can't see it oh where I don't see it ah
okay
it's right there up this is stupid
your idea no your idea no wasn't your
idea no wasn't your idea huh sorry to
get another shower third today second
today so I go okay you want to back up
such guys chilly on the bathroom why
don't you take icing everywhere hey I'm
just kidding I'm sorry I'm gonna take a
guess what you called dad you called dad
because I told you he was gonna freak
out and come over do some shit
oh let's prank Michael and first of all
what kind of prank is that oh I had a
good prank bridge I didn't do that put a
lot of work into that throw my cake on
me I didn't do it I was his idea
do you really think that would be my
idea Michael yeah cuz you're calm no
yeah my paints are the best doughnut
cake on you is not it that's his idea
you know dude you guys oh god I just
I didn't even agree to it it kind of
made it happen like what's going on you
guys kid behind the camera here don't
join this you're not welcome to this
fedoras dear right there and today I
don't even know I feel like it was
yesterday so what's today Saturday
Saturday today is Saturday
Oh God I had a sneeze so get away from
the video Bridget I'm sorry
bikini McKee I'm sorry that sneeze
pissed me off - okay I admit that he's
kind of pissed me off a little bit so
today is Saturday today Bridget and
Grandpa so what's going on you sees
again no grandpa Bridget decided to wake
me up
um just you dad oh forget it
I've got almost all of these I feel like
you play with these things why have you
not known it before
no what yeah he's obsessed with
wrestlers whenever he's really bored he
likes to show them up fast why would you
lie like that all right
oh yeah this way
get the Stephanie one come on you don't
have her right I could use the authority
a figure right she's come out my make
matches ha that's right that's who your
daughter's getting involved with she and
my ropes are broken some I have to get
like a cheap ring and seal the ropes out
of it finish you you know if we wouldn't
be sitting here choosing a new comforter
set if you wouldn't have a lot of data
feel kcon me I'm Michael I'm sorry
he called you rejected well it's not a
real one so okay
that might be the one I want it's pretty
why do it like the color green someone
wait this one too though this is gonna
do love beaut
excuse me so why do you like the color
green so much it's never gonna be your
last name knock the shit out of you you
you won't allow that to happen there I
does come on you really do it too
no I'm just gonna sit back and laugh
yeah well I'm saying Becca laughing your
daughter's dating a guy that plays with
toys Wow be ashamed of yourself
let's look for the one we already have
so we're not doing that come on I really
like it Michael let's change it up a
little
oh why the same way we're getting a noob
let's get a new blanket fine how about
this ugly thing right here that if he's
a garbage Wow Michael look at this one
okay that I like that's nice I really
like it too
that's the one we have some funny good
toys oh my god burn it why does he have
to know about this how do you have known
already not watch the videos I think we
should get this one though well this one
Oh Michael you're too dirty to have a
white like it yeah okay I get it I mean
I'm just kidding do you really like the
white one there you go yeah dirt great
yeah Michael you have to get off the
ground man so what's up oh nothing just
looking for sheets at this point yeah
and then we got these yeah I really like
um unfortunately it's not 800 thread
count that you want but it is six yeah
what my hat
Oh welcome Jason Whelan's now just like
him identical and hey oh my god turn to
show off no come on don't film it thank
God I can't move right now I'll shit Oh
Mike again don't Bridget it's so bad
rearing those potato skins right through
its come on yeah bad thank you saline oh
no like a good to the bat if I move I
will shit all over this poor so you woke
me up I don't shake my face I didn't do
that that was all your dad
that makes fun we clean oil inventories
be video and I shit my pants and I'm
still shitting I was up shit yeah you're
so girl Phobos white bitch there's a
heart burnt asshole thank you very much
fern ass holy time the camera shut up
right Brigitte this was the top running
flat body is very funny
come and get out of here thanks for
watching your body now this is the
answer this is the outro thanks for
watching you guys know what is it like
subscribe favorite why are you doing
this to me when you see react what are
you breaking out what your forehead is
freaking out how I don't know dude like
you'd never get pimples this is so weird
it's like you're shitting or something
it was like too much dresser
to me what is all this what are you
recording there's nothing to record what
are you give me that God do you think
come on Bridget there's enough fine will
you see reflection of that roof you
gonna film anything okay fuck shit let's
turn this alright bitch
