what's going on you guys get me on a
camera here and today is Friday and
today if you haven't noticed I did not
upload the video that I told you guys I
was gonna upload on the main channel
Jennifer's complete and utter visceral
insane crazy meltdown and I wanted to
take a minute right here at the
beginning of the vlog to explain why I
kind of touched on I kind of touched on
it on Twitter last night basically what
happened is Jennifer had a breakout and
she shaved her head she complete she is
completely bald she has no eyebrows she
had a meltdown she cut it with scissors
then she went in the bathroom and she
shaved her head now I was gonna show the
video as number one a chance to teach
people about the grieving process number
two because we show you guys everything
and number three because it's a very
important video for our family I told
you guys from the beginning we show you
everything but then I started to think
about the reaction we live in this
politically correct sensitive society
that would have a field day if I was you
know I don't even know the word that I'm
trying to think of if if I was
exploiting my sister's grief for my
channel and even though she doesn't feel
that way and I don't feel that way and
nobody directly involved would feel that
way people were taken upon themselves to
make it that anyways Michael's taking
advantage of his sister freaking out
filming it while she cuts her own hair
which isn't even the case she flipped
out she cut her hair I tried to pull the
scissors out of her hands guys it's
crazy
she's freaking bald okay and then we
talked afterwards and we had a
discussion and it was healthy and when
it was over with she said she felt
better that she did it however that's
not the story that people would use so I
decided not to upload the video and I
know that's gonna piss a lot of people
off and if that pisses you off and you
want to unsubscribe I understand
please do you know it's not worth the
reaction that I would get by pissing
everybody off - you know upload it cuz
that's what would happen people would
like Oh reaction video pickleboy uses
his sister stream and that's what would
happen and I can't I can't do that now
I'm not saying that I'm never gonna
upload the video I'm leaving that up to
you guys I just wanted to pre warn you
first what kind of video it was before I
surprised you with it because guys it's
no different than grandpa destroying his
kitchen over you know sweet potato pie
or destroying the TV over the Super Bowl
or you know the countless stuff that dad
did just happen with Jennifer and she
cut her hair off because she was mad
that it was going gray and grief about
dad and it was a whole thing guys if you
actually do want to see the video smack
the like button it is absolutely insane
and it's visceral guys if you want to
see it just smack the like button and
eventually I am gonna upload it if you
guys want to see it I'm gonna upload it
I don't care about the reaction I just
wanted you guys to know about it first
so anyway having said that we do got
some aftermath oh yes I'm not gonna
delete the aftermath okay I don't care
what people think
here it is you guys the aftermath of
Jennifer going bald she's bald okay this
is the aftermath this is her finishing
her hair and then us going to dinner
afterwards Jenny I'm glad you're feeling
better I was a total meltdown
this is a different type of stuff I
don't have to do I'm not like you gotta
stop dude
no oh she's scared I was like being like
she's behind me I don't like it okay
what do you want me do you want to leave
look at the kitchen
cut I don't know the dough I'm gonna
talk to her oh my god
usually yeah you look like Gollum dude
when he was big transformation
I'm sorry but freak out no shape drag
I'm sorry Jenny I'm sorry for laughing
dude that's not true
yes that course is true people like
Kevin Smith no are you okay
I'm Jenny you friggin lost I wanted to
do this is Jenny SGI Jen
do you need some help
Jesus get the the rough patches
no put your eyebrows goodbye my
sweetheart hello Vietnam never nobody
seen the Full Metal Jacket duty sure
your hair is gone bro what are you
thinking
just just want to change or something
well Ginny I'm uploading the video you
do know we filmed you doing this
what oh I've seen even these little
girls back evenly so you got everything
I'm sorry turn towards me I mean you
look fine bald look your kids are fine
at my house
here's what we're gonna do
there's a lot of women with no hair I
just don't know why you did this okay
first things first when we get you any
counseling yeah
I'm trying real hard
why don't they handle this
what does that face for I'm not doing
how about I'm not talking about sending
you like some hospital I'm still about
hiring the best and bring into the house
to deal with talk to you in person do
you want that you you have grief you
have I think I just took care of it do
do better I feel better
do you really better do you feel like a
changed woman
what are you looking for
do you look just like your mom well
mom's pretty
let's talk off camera and see about
getting a if you P if you think you're
fine then I'll take your word for it
everybody deals with grief in different
ways and yeah I mean your dad always
felt better like breaking stuff is that
hard work for you that's better how you
feel
you feel good so so really you cut your
hair and you feel better if you tomorrow
when we go there no hair this is a
problem you inherited from dad that snap
decision making the guy that she went
through the Christmas tree okay yeah I
get it
hey boys you want to see mama all right
pressure from their faces okay guys
here's the deal
she's sensitive about her hair don't see
why does this all work
you didn't okay no you did more what you
see can't even do looks like I have here
it's really windy out here let's go
inside of me
I can't believe it happen I'm still at a
loss you know what you're really happy
think the Denver but those at least I'm
starving if it's all hungry in is that
what you snapped baby your mother knows
it I think you're just angry angry mate
I don't know maybe I mean really you've
eaten them sweat well I've eaten in
sweat but not not like six hours yeah
like a week two hours three hours a
night and if I eat like a long nipple so
if you sleep well tonight that exerting
a mic and you're gonna we got feeling
regretful probably oh oh yeah we're
story go she has no hair she's a college
in apply the cosmopoltian now what it's
what a cosmopolitan she has to find the
cockroaches what a cosmopolitan
okay she's me because Napolitan to pick
your hair English a cosmopolitan you get
a cosmetology like cosmetologist
cosmopolitan Tamil because that's
professori word right cosmetologist hold
on as cosmopolitan nasty cosmetologist
Cosmo why did I think you both are wrong
cosmopolitan good I'm rave has the
talented cosmetology that's possible
polishes oh I can't it's cosmopolitan
Michael go to the car
oh there's been a hairstyle magazine no
we also feel bad down those coffee
quality cosmopolitan I'm right I choose
the movie for the next considerable
amount of you're wrong
right cosmetics always yeah define
cosmopolitan can see cosmopolitan like
the magazine and now you the
cosmetologist cosmetologist subscribe to
hospital cosmetology Ray it google with
me hey Siri
what the cosmetologist
application needs treatment it's not
good times are sufficient yeah I was
wrong
you're so behind that so that was all
the aftermath to the video where
Jennifer shaved her head just you
haven't seen the initial video yeah and
guys like I said smack the like button
if you want to see it and we're gonna
upload it guys I just wanted to take a
minute and you know talk about it
because it's gotta be talked about right
Jennifer's clearly you know struggling
with what happened to dad but it's not
just what happened to dad that made her
freak out yeah she was freaking out
because you know what happened that was
she's also freaking out because her hair
is going gray
she was only 34 years old and her hair
is gray she was freaking out and she
started cutting it but what I'm really
impressed about what I wanted to talk
about is her reaction on Twitter
she just started posting pictures of
herself on Twitter and she said she
feels like a stronger woman now that
she's done I'm like like a butterfly
bursting out of a cocoon okay I guess is
the way that you could put it so
Jennifer I'm really proud of you for
handling this the way you did you know
I'm not proud of you for your initial
reaction you have freaked out like I
knew you would but now's the growing
process and now is the learning part of
all this
it's a it's a cycle I've just been many
times where I've wanted a freak out
there's been many things that I've
wanted to break many people that I've
wanted to tell off and I didn't and it
seems almost as if doing this got a lot
of that out of her and if that's as bad
as it's gonna get then that's okay with
me
Jennifer looking out for you I got your
back I know that you're going through
some stuff and we're going through it
together because you know I don't want
you to feel like I'm not going
- I cry myself to sleep every night I've
just been channeling it differently I've
been putting it into music and you put
it into scissors and cut your hair off
guys if you want to see the video smack
the like button I'm done show it if you
guys want to see it so guys we're gonna
be doing this outro Jenny yeah it looks
fine you look great
don't worry about what you look like
it's just hair grows back look at me
bald
well that's gonna be it for today you
guys thanks for watching that's the
video guys smack the like button if you
want to see Jennifer cut off her own
hair it's an insane video I just didn't
want to present it to you guys without
telling you about it first it's yeah
it's it's really nuts it's it's very
crazy totally sad she snapped you guys
if you want to see it smack the like
button also I am and the finishing
process is the finishing I can't even
speak I mean the finishing process of
writing a song with Juliette Riley and I
just wanted to take a moment in the vlog
to express how talented and underrated I
think she is cuz this song is just it's
so good it's tough I really honestly
think it's gonna be the best one on the
out long it's definitely gonna be a
video I'm talking to her about it now
it's like I told her what I was looking
for and she just killed it like it's
just she did such a good job that I have
to make sure that I don't let her down
so I just wanted to take a minute to
tell her I appreciate it so much
seriously it means so much to me that
you would try so hard on my song it
means a lot so guys that's gonna be it
for today Jennifer you bald she's good
with it now yeah I know yeah I just she
snapped guys yeah anyway guys that's it
like subscribe favorite and everything
to us
and smack the like button if you want to
see this video or Jennifer you guys it's
gotta be a lot of like I need a lot of
likes
pair for the dislikes and the videos
gonna get that's it
