what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here pretty boy hmm not here
bridge West is still asleep
which means I'm starting off this vlog
without her click like if you don't got
to worry about hearing bridgett Wes here
I just clicked like cuz I'm glad I don't
have to hear it for today today is
Thursday and today I got nothing going
on cuz I don't know what we're doing
we're just still sleeping which means
I'm just sort of sitting around watching
the office all day that's my day
watching TV looking for something to eat
wondering if she's alive because it's
still four o'clock and she's not awake
so I'm checking on her I don't know
what's going on I think her mom supposed
to be coming over today and she's still
sleeping
Bridget wake yo ass up none of that's
important I just wanted to do the vlog I
just wanna do the intro get it started
because today is Thursday and today
ain't doing a thing let's get this
Thursday started sitting here watching
the office right now with Bella you
enjoying a girl who's your favorite
character none right cuz you're a dog
you don't like boomer yeah I don't know
what I'm talking about I'm sitting here
talking to a dog because Bridget's not
awake that's how bored and learner I am
tell her to wake up right that's right
okay here's the deal
when I'm gonna scare her Lake ready
yeah be quiet guys no no just leo much
um better you Bridget wake up nothing
then work it oh how could you not be
scared of bed they should be terrified
oh damn it I thought I really thought it
would work well wake up Devore did I
blame Cindy somehow you had something to
do with that but she had no idea I was
coming over I just thought I'd surprise
her I don't think she'd still be in bed
just taking a nap
I think she'd be better at seven o'clock
at night either so so then well clothes
like 6:30 right yeah
liar
that's right I'm a lying piece of shit
what time is it uneven no don't worry
well want to wake up good had to be
inter without you oh no that's right
you're not in the intro and if you go
back to sleep throughout the outro to
send you wake this bitch up I can do it
you can't get her away tight though I
don't think so actually
Oh see what does she wasn't so let me
check
I got an over shore one way or the other
all ladies taking a dump one bridge all
right now look oh I'm a liar compulsive
hey Bella mama's up see bellow it's dark
outside
Oh mr. Arthur Oh whatever you did what
have you did piss her off
so how skills we'll be waking up at
night okay it wasn't that dark yeah well
it's only been like 30 45 minutes in
this pitch black outside now welcome
what are you guys doing over here I'm
crazy they're mad at you what do I do
scare me huh nothing that I shouldn't
get scared ah okay yeah well before I
get out of here I want to do a quick
throwback story
uh-huh it's a throwback as far back as a
week ago not even a week ago Orlando a
flashback to a few days ago in Orlando
so something really funny happened last
week while we were in Orlando it was Jim
and I and we were looking for somewhere
to eat it was actually when we went to
gringo loco loco sprinkles the taco
place that we went to so while we run
the way I had to call an uber and
the uber of the at the hotel it was very
unreliable it would place us across a
street or a put us somewhere that we're
not and it was such it was off so if I
was standing outside the hotel and asked
for the uber it would say I was down the
street from the hotel and they got very
confusing and we called an uber the uber
showed on the app if you ever used uber
you can watch on your phone where the
car is so you know where the uber is at
all times and you can get to it and on
the phone it said the uber was passing
us and at the end of the street and ice
at that time there was a car at the end
of the street and it was a Honda just
like the uber said it was gonna be and
it stopped at a stop sign it was a red
light and I said hey there it is let's
go so we're walking across the street
and Jem is just not convinced I'm like
here it is right here he's are you sure
what dude look that's the uber so Jim
walks up to this car and he opens the
passenger door and the guy in the car
turns around he's like what the fuck
and he speeds off like he was about to
get robbed oh yeah oh my god it was it
the uber a few minutes later the real
uber pulls up behind us and he starts
calling me I'm here meanwhile the other
dude I don't know if you went to the
police station I don't know if he just
went running for his life I don't know
what happened either way Jim goes up to
the car and he opens the door the guy
screams and he speeds off so you got me
crazy if he had a gun oh god oh my God
thank subra so they need stickers they
need something something more obvious it
said it was gonna be a Honda it was a
Honda as it turned out this is actually
a van that came pulling up we were
actually if using a van not a car a
could have said van I don't know we good
Clyde you don't try and tell a story
right so that was the story it was a
really quick story but I told people and
they laughed at us I'm like well I gotta
tell it I don't know why at the time I
didn't think it was that funny was it
goes shit dude oh my god
and of course Jim did one right uber
anymore the trail and he he would always
call and make sure that's him first so
when a car will pull up yeah are you the
UH are you the silver you know Honda
corn okay this is it Jim so I'm pretty
sure I rode over for Jim are using
goober again and number two that was
pretty hilarious when looking back on it
I didn't see the guy's face because I
was walking towards the car but
according to Jim the guy was like a
blood-curdling this dude's life was over
so whatever that's the story I wanted to
tell it real quick for throwback cuz a
hat Antonio Baxter I hadn't told a throw
by Thursday story well Anna had told
that story yet so it was awesome
it was hilarious Jim epic please use
uber because I'm sorry that aronia for
you
so hey it on perfect I'm gonna get out
here no I didn't I'm gonna gradi thanks
for watching you guys not much happened
today tried to wake Bridgette up with a
prank I thought I was gonna have a prank
in this video I didn't come in such a
fell I thought it would scare you like
she just looked at me mmm whatever it is
what it is I partly blamed your mom
somehow it was reportedly she at one
point you were asleep where she was like
flickering the lights like Sydney stop
anyway I'm gonna get out here thanks for
watching you guys
like subscribe favorite fun that
everything for us and make sure it's
your uber before you get in it right
like call them birds or something cuz
that she can get dangerous
