what's going on you guys kid behind the
camera here vigil STI right there right
over here and today is Wednesday is it
oh is it Monday Tuesday ones it's one
it's gonna be Wednesday taste Wednesday
haze one today going to grandpa's folks
and today mixing shower burgers okay I
didn't know yet I guess we are
Wow today we're making Shake Shack
burgers today we're going over to
grandpa's house and today nothing let's
get this Wednesday started no intro
style Shake Shack style grandpa's style
I hate Bridget style I'll go look USA
one more time I hate you too dad
if you have seen the vlog gonna put up
yesterday link is below check it out
like it's a low point it myself anyway
forget all this let's get this Wednesday
started Bridget style hi you guys
it was a pop oh my go - yo man yeah I
even that how long yeah Monday and
what's today Wednesday and it takes you
this long come see me
well first of all Monday I got home late
Tuesday I was just freakin exhausted
from the trip well I saw your hand deuce
are you out of hit something to hit me
with something okay I see what this is
Charlie he know talk to me
cutter ooh showing here dude you oh you
know you're excited I know he was saying
he was touched your own mother look let
me ask you trouble I never touched you
while you were gone
was there ever a nation with the
plumbing uh you think so uh he's just
sticking up for you look at that cockily
putting that on he told me it was a
full-fledged backup and I had to come
home immediately any money what does
that mean
oh please boo
all the money I don't be more Walsh you
can't play pool me you will give me a
hug you back somebody you can't come
give me up my car I tried calling you
all day yesterday you gotta fuck it went
straight to foot Bridget yes or nice
chill oh that's a lie
straight to voice live for you straight
to voicemail she would live you
I'm here's my guest you were pissed off
that I think I'm over yesterday so you
turned your phone off my boy if you call
me it didn't work hey Sean I write you
last night and say that might that I
tried calling all day yeah so why would
I say that last night in what you got
nothin better do the job then why not
you know the idea is to sink a ball into
one of the pockets do I read these other
Jew
oh are you go dude so I don't know if
you can tell but I was helping Charles
chief Oh see any balls and move in Falls
and I'm gonna let Bridget own some can
watch it this good no you another
goddamn man I'm the man you'd beat you
so I tell all that picture me this other
one he's break opening break baby Oh
solace solace
take over the table where he under the
ball he'll he got it he's on the eight
ball now all right guys the other one
hit up when your memory is fading that
Bo okay okay cheat bullshit double all
right hands off get rid of him
all right what was that was in your
pocket right there I see it what is that
nothing stack the odds of your favor
here all right
fuck I do it nothing you you don't got
me upset
how do I got four balls got iandale dude
you suck that I hate any of it kept us
that usually what happens when you don't
hit none Oh God we're not counting that
hell you ain't you got way to you know
the table we cheat like that
life's a DFAC at for you for now or now
the fuck is going on what is burning
over there or not
it's all black smoke over there who
started shit I think Charlie some a
bitch doing a check when I should do
move dad I want to look at it
Jesus over there fucking wire oh my god
well how'd you put in there I don't know
say where you are Judas following you
lets me flicks with his ass yeah no no
no I didn't get broken my eyes burning
Oh God Roger are you putting at our gate
hell yeah
burn baby burn is knuck when your bricks
down
that's alright so I get I see your face
again that's right we all start working
on the party what party too many
subscribers oh yeah yes we'll be a
rocking party too
and it's gonna go on til the wee hours
meatballs you like a meatball that's a
meatball media guys got some meaty balls
oh I wouldn't know well almost found out
out there earlier yeah I'm gonna believe
the lottery know what's it up to oh I
don't even know I don't mean scratch off
you win anything a 45 but they use lost
out on a game of pool what's your host
Steve cheese you know I did not help him
cheat you had to Charlie can you smell
it through my mom buddy nobody cheated I
watched the bouncers wear watch the
video no it's smart enough do it every
time you lose you blame other people
it's your chief you chief
dare you jump or yeah I'm gonna try to
kick me as I'm shit I'll keep thinking
to do it
we got a damn thing off sure all the way
in your face Oh with that well being
that I don't have a shake check here and
I want to have some Shake Shack I'm
gonna have to make it at home so that's
what we're about to do folks Shake Shack
I don't know if it'll be right but I'm
gonna try so the first step in making
these and I do have a meat grinder and I
could grind it myself but I didn't know
what to use I've never done it before so
these three different meats I used beef
sirloin just regular ground beef and
ground chuck I mixed a little bit of
each of those to make these four little
hockey-puck sized patties and Clyde you
can't have it I know you want it
the next step for making the Shake Shack
burgers is the Shake Shack sauce
which is just as important as the burger
patty when a Shake Shack burger so let's
start this sauce so first half a cup of
mayonnaise yeah I hate mayonnaise but
that's what goes in it 1 tablespoon of
ketchup 1 tablespoon of mustard 1/4 of a
teaspoon of garlic powder 1/4 teaspoon
of paprika a pinch of cayenne pepper and
we're going to do three slices of these
kosher dill pickles here's everything it
actually called for for those pickles I
was like that can't be right you know it
just seems like too many but we'll see
right
so here is the sauce that I came up with
I had to remake it because the one that
I saw online called for for pickles and
it was just too much it takes away
nothing but pickle so this is another
version with one pickle okay so right on
top of these burgers I got a little bit
of pepper and a little bit of kosher
salt and here's what we're gonna do we
got them in these hockey pucks and I'm
going to place them down
seasoning side first on this hot skillet
slightly oiled those listen to this now
the secret to a Shake Shack burger is
they have a crisp on the bottom so
here's what what to do while it's
cooking I'm gonna fry this up coming up
flatten this out as it's cooking okay
assuming we did this right we're gonna
hope we see a crisp and we do blue you
got it could be Fichter but I got there
we go so here is the burgers now we got
the Shack sauce now you supposed to put
this on with a bottle in three lines but
I sort of fuck that up so let's try that
way can't be horrible right okay down
down and let's see how I did we have a
huge mess behind me by the way oh my god
well let's see if it's at least similar
boom my name's Jake John drive I'm sure
it's amazing it's good my name's shake
jack well that's gonna be a friend a you
guys thanks for watching
grandpa came up with a useful fart I
mean it stunk like you wouldn't believe
it was probably one of the worst parts
of our smell so I'm home I'm officially
home I saw ya say something first of all
what even the screen now isn't it
Allison you better rectify grandpa
played pool cheated to make him lose I
was pretty up and farted he stunk came
home we may see shale doubt made Shake
Shack burgers hello
oh man so good not exact that's gonna be
it so Shake Shack tastes better than
that ya know way way better you're lyin
I know that I dish me not lies haha
thanks for watching you guys
like subscribe favorite and that's it
follow on everything rejoice and that's
it wait I love you guys okay whoa what
is that what what dude twitter.com saw
recent one concern that airless on my
rotten mother forgets it right fund me
dump some motherfucking bitch
give the fuck
