hey you guys hey you miss me Bella did
did she
yeah ladies like I don't care
hi goodness think you've been in a big
fight here yeah quite useful huh he's
excited I know he's gonna build a bike
gotta get into the room holy crap
Jesus Christ
grazie so the best doc I'm issed you oh
that's nice
excuse me mister - wait a minute wait
year Oh for you so you miss me of course
ah
say it I missed you really yes how much
this me missus they are reacting to the
new chair right now
holy shit oh my god
who's gonna hump her yes the newest
member of the family
oh yeah I love it
hey wait a minute I had another one
there what's the other Rumble what's
that look
where's the other normal chair you're
talking what giving it away you didn't
do it did you
no no where is it I gave you a friend
who you know who I'm just kidding I gave
the chair away before Bridget was a
bitch for just a minute yeah I'm not
really that big of a bitch no you are no
I'm not your fuck your cunt face okay
though I'm gonna get out of here you
guys thanks for watching can I open this
buddy oh I love you too but I got out
all right we got a new Pro Wrestling
crate this month and while I was in
Orlando so we're gonna open it today
this crate is brought to you by a
website called kayfabe news which is one
of my favorite websites is basically a
website the post ridiculous fake stories
about wrestlers good she's interested
let's check it out okay the first thing
I get is what I see
it is another Mick Foley coaster the
last one looks like it comes next month
I'm getting one per box I've got the
Dude Love Cactus Jack now we got mankind
that's so cool toaster of course be I
believe Cafe news button Matt lives
write your own wrestling promos fill in
the JibJab jabroni so it's like a mad
lib basically I tell you a surname when
number an objective family relation
and we come to see what we come up with
the I believe kayfabe news bumper
sticker I believe oh that's funny
it's the burying pin basically it's a
shovel and they feel like Triple H or
Vincent man or somebody likes to bury
wrestlers which is like burying their
careers you know making them
non-existence oh my god how do you know
that's what it means looks like it's a
Magic eight that's really neat
am I gonna am I gonna become a wrestler
don't work you don't work for me you
guys there's a piece of crap watch sucks
good this box will piece of crap my
favorite is the other one we've seen the
shark that's cool oh wow that's cool the
rest of its crap magic 8-ball I don't
like this one I like that we're just
happy try the eight ball game she seems
to think so
will I become a wrestler this is awesome
and Lisa boys have a question what am I
supposed to ask you fired doubt Meltzer
didn't put any thought into this this is
so funny
he'll turn face turn it is what will
happen to Michael in the ring this is
awesome
thank God it's the first one she just
asked not big deal
so anyway I just want to show the chair
it's so beautiful though this right here
is the new rumble chair so we got great
right silly baby laughs so right at the
top of course the Royal Rumble logo and
this is where the designers we got Roman
reigns down here and everybody else down
here the paper here that tried to make
Roman reigns a megastar or unstoppable
hey I like him you know what I like
Shake Shack you know what else we need a
Shake Shack in Charleston so here's what
I want you guys to do tweet Shake Shack
tell I'm getting my mouth water you
think about tweet Shake Shack and tell
them they need to build one in
Charleston they got one in New York they
got one in Georgia they got one in
Florida we need one in Charleston dude
that's so true why did they skip us do
we not matter Shake Shack so what is
gonna be done that's do me a favor
tweet Shake Shack say bring Shake Shack
to Charleston overwhelm them because I
want one I'll be their sole business I
don't care I'll be there every day
tweet Shake Shack tone to get pickle boy
some Shake Shack I'll tweet him well I
would hope so and I'll retweet you well
that's gonna be a fare today you guys
thanks for watching
came home open up the wrestle crate it
sucked by the way did other things was I
hand we'll talk about that twice okay
okay
played Scrabble and that was it thanks
for watching you guys
pickle boy is home I am so happy you're
home I missed you so much
so yesterday in the vlog I told
everybody that I went to Dallas Airport
it was actually Charlotte yeah
Charlotte's the airport you imagine
Orlando to Dallas to South Carolina no
yeah it was Charlotte Airport
that's the airport that I saw a guy's
penis at Charlotte not that sorry
Charlotte guy not Dallas
so anyway I'm gonna get out of here
thanks for watching had a good day I'm
glad to be back yeah it's been a really
really good day I had a really great
vacay okay
for God's sakes get out of here filthy
so I had a great trip to Atlanta my
voice is gone from the Royal Rumble last
night but you know what I'm glad to be
back I'm so happy you're back and oh my
god I literally missed everyone made it
miss you what if they did though I
really missed them I don't want my looks
before I'm gonna get out of here thanks
for watching you guys like subscribe
favorite oh that's what okay everything
to us
that's love you guys
are you doing that's fucking nasty
another one you you talking you taught
your young hold that motherfucker right
to my tuna made a patty and then cook
there's not a video right now it's been
like a minute you're gonna have to order
another one
