I'm sitting here at Shake Shack with Jim
and Houston not today you get to see it
soon in the rumble at brains wins what
he's gonna get he's gonna be pissed
it rains winds it's going to be passed
I'm gonna be jumping they're getting Jim
is a huge one range man but show you a
range tattoo this stage there's one
verses off man because it's in a bad
place is it a nice place
oh man that's talking to me angry bad
for my chicken shame
well we there's a shadow of your face
I'm trying to figure it out oh well we
are at Shake Shack blue these things
dude he's bolt he mess
they look like kind of like the picture
is supposed to look look at that and
there's we got way too many of them so I
took a little longer than usual I get a
picture that perfect-looking burger for
Bridget and using that hit usually hit
without tomato which is weird
well fuck to me you wanna get to me this
is the best well used to what did you
think a Shake Shack good shake shake was
good except I really was still fuck
tomatoes got two burgers oh yeah you
hate tomatoes never fuck tomatoes like
yeah you know they're good how about on
tacos no tomatoes are bad so you don't
get tomatoes with anything no oh my
ketchup and marinara sauce I like what a
tomato it's swished but not not a mess
so yeah well that's crazy too I can go
for some tomatoes I can't eat it whole
you know I can change can't eat tomato
but yeah people do I mean it's pretty
nasty dad used to eat mayonnaise and
tomato sandwiches well tell me yeah you
get the head you just get bread put
mayonnaise and tomato on it and that's
you're saying
that's just sketch little salt and
pepper yeah looks like the people to eat
milk and bread
Oh God ever heard of that Oh your
grandma's a nasty bit no no oh yeah she
weird you just gonna turn number 84 oh
my god to get a drink you had to get
like a halter you can't just fill you up
a soda
guess not please do that is hilarious
dude that's actually legitimately
hillarious dude
when she gave it to me I was just like
really like you can't just go
you said you say that no but in my head
I'm thinking in your head you're a
badass in person you're a little bit
right right yeah whatever we're doing
nothing
I tried nothing at all you scare me now
do you can't scare a killer candy oh
you're like who wants it who thought
mess with Husted
well we are here at the Amway Center
Houston what is this he squats every
time I show him I don't feel we are
squat no I like to make my answers you
see okay all right go ahead doing good
follow I'll tell you in nope not yet and
where's my friend Connor he is and grim
we're waiting for him we got grim and
Jim together it again
Jim and grim the together again the wild
Royal Rumble adventures family can't
wait so grim our Jim wanted me to
telegram that he has a crush on him and
he didn't know how to tell him so this
is my way of doing that is it I guess so
refresh your love but I'm what you
wanted to say you summed it up dude like
what else can I say just what was the
moment you knew was it the McDonald's
match or was it yeah yeah I was just so
captivated by that McDonald's match like
it's so I can't even put it into words
all McDonald's match that's what you
gotta say about it now yeah what's good
with it
just hanging out the more you run with
pickle boy the number one mother please
write to me you can do whatever you want
man boiling on Instagram underscore
Worcester underscore w ad sttr hi
felicity hi Kristen what's up Bridget be
with pickle boy pickle boy they should
have come he should have came right
Bridget shit again get over blogger for
the wait let me open up camera the
microphone no please somebody say hello
these movies are the crowd I wanted to
see you never misses your web cast ever
so much I appreciate nice to meet you
nice to me he recreates everything yeah
this generation fad or what look at this
dude isn't Alicia sweet I yeah you're
standing it man yes oh oh okay you get
yeah they're getting there
it's not gonna say magic he's gonna say
magic
it's really weird cuz he'll call me
every night after he he's like just got
done masturbating the groom my dude
don't tell him that he was like who's
like you should have seen him he was out
of breath he's like you should have seen
a McNugget match oh yeah I lost it why
he playing with his food at McDonald's
know that that did it for him for some
reason that was the climax no like my
soldier McNugget match was like I hoped
you in yeah you so I'm a different
well you'll be looking for a committed
Disneyworld death match that we just saw
you should have done it like your own
like a rollercoaster you just throw them
off yeah John Cena's definitely dead
this time I literally pulled out the
figures and they're like no sir you
can't have them on the ride no loose
articles
oh my god come on what you're thinking
right now grim I can't believe this is
amazing I'm getting divorced for this
man right here are you serious that is
that what happened yeah dude
she's done her divorce she threw a fit
he grabbed my figures threw them out the
door off the balcony Hotel oh man I hope
you like wrestle enough for the divorce
well I didn't think you'd actually like
divorce me and lock the hotel room on a
vacation Wow but apparently right here
my name is Devon with Sarah Cheney right
here is 17
nice board I'm horny Oh
for you pickle boy Oh baby booster bitch
sorry Bridget you've been replaced
Oh
Oh
Oh
hey buddy cable
please go have some fun for cofee please
I'm fat baby popcorn playboy we're
pleased we're fat dude come on
I bought your shirt
well thanks for coming dude it was great
thank you for inviting me I really
appreciate it it was a great time dude
and hopefully I see you another one
all right handy to each a Wrestlemania
way back all of them all of them sounds
good
oh yeah you were talking a big while
beating his ass a second ago really no
I'm gonna sound steel care oh I'll put
him through thick Jim was like a big kid
right he's just spinning in a chair he's
here for you he's as round and round he
goes well on me I spend dish me times I
do dish me spins
well we got some pizza and here we go
was open this bitch see that looks like
a pizza that's a fucking pizza bro it's
an actual pizza and there's a god
there's like a God not just like crudely
sitting on topping right there although
the stapled shut CD know how to package
ship error god I hate this out of
styrofoam all right
oh yeah be fucking real wings time to
get our munch on well that does it
that's a wrap on Jim
yo the Orlando trip we do the rumble and
we ate an unusual amount of food Harry
Potter world that a whole bunch of shit
the rumble yeah awesome time thanks for
coming Jim bring it as well they can't
see that I guess it is your heart oh my
god
I just turned 25 and now I live for a
minute man but I got pride myself on
life I need a line the grips are walking
tied around my waist I feel like sinking
down I wanna die to get it over with the
modem and I wanna quit I'm jumping on
the strainers moving quick I'm getting
sick of it watching kids getting bigger
yo I'm getting pissed I wanna say
stationary for a little bit so have a
seat that's the scenery we'll see we'll
see the people seem to dreamer your
vision didn't end asleep sitting in the
sleep beside me on this ride I'll be
another moment passing witnessed
passenger will never see well I'm home I
missed you what oh my god son geass turd
uhm the Dallas Airport the big as
Airport or a walkthrough it took me 30
minutes
uh to walk to my gate when I got to my
gate and this is the most embarrassing
that's ever happened to me in my life I
tweeted about it
oh my god I saw that me I go to Dallas
Airport first of all the urinals have no
privacy usually there's like you know
some sort of wall or something so you're
not get to dick with somebody you know
this was just the urinals stuck about
this much from the wall and so your dick
is everyone's dick is right out in the
public
oh my god and for some reason I set my
bag on the ground which usually is a bad
idea because there's piss everywhere but
I was thinking look I'm leaning into a
freaking porcelain that has urine in it
already
whatever who cares there's urine and the
thing that my dick sitting in you know
so mine's so big that it sits in it but
so I get done pissing and I decide I
need to pick up my bag oh I gotta get my
bag lean down bring the camera with me
Bridget like like you're like following
me ready
well I better get my bag you want to
lean with me Oh with me so the cameras
one bit okay you got this okay okay
you're it's been a while carry em via
hemp and you haven't held a camera in a
while yeah for Jimmy I don't know how to
do anything now so here I am
oh I'm done pissing let me get my bag
and this guy's dick is right here oh my
god
it was it big I didn't really
acknowledge how much it was average
mine's bigger so I grabbed my thing I'm
like this oh shit
and I'm looking up when I see the guy's
eyes looking at me oh my god see you sir
what else do you say when you just look
at a guy's conch in the bathroom
so I apologize I talked to him
afterwards like I'm sorry sir my bag was
on the ground he started laughing oh god
that's so funny
yeah I was this close to other guy's
dick so if there's anything wrong with
that
but I mean it's not you cannot see
yeah
it's got one
with it
