what's going on you guys kick me out of
camera here Bridger West here right
there and today is Thursday but the
vlogs going up Friday and today marks
day one in Orlando and today I'm not
gonna be doing anything sucks
today marks me being in the hotel room
all fucking day because nobody that I'm
hanging out with is gonna be here yet
and I got nobody else I might hang out
with Sam fresco if you don't know who
that is here they are these youtubers
that prank each other and you know fuck
with each other and hate each other they
don't hate each other but I might not go
hang out with them today I don't know
other than that that's probably all
gonna be doing dude this might even be
I'm gonna maybe put up a vlog it might
just be this part right here I had
nothing else to record I don't know by
the way
shout out to Bridget for that little
cameo all of my friends that I'm gonna
be hanging out with coming tomorrow my
friend Jim's flying in I got Houston tea
coming out if you don't know Houston tea
is they got Brotherhood Productions I'm
like doing piece right now they're
coming in tomorrow so that's when I'm
gonna be able to do some more stuff in
Orlando but today in the hotel room all
day I might walk around the hotel I
don't know are you doing shit folks
let's get this day started nothing's out
cuz that's it well I am leaving the
Shake Shack with say names folks Kimmy
don't know you
samih breasts go and tip these these how
can I say this couple hit hate each
other basically all they do is prank
each other back and forth horrible stuff
do man death pranks and it's like I
would want to do that to Bridget but I'm
like you know somebody leave know which
one what are you like dead on the floor
was at you dead like bleeding out on the
floor and they do Bridget would have my
shoot I would be bleeding out on the
floor up then out throw her out but that
should be out of my life so where is
this where we at what is this I see shit
everywhere I came to see the parking
garage this is the reason I came to our
land it's I can leave now
so is out back and Carabas like sharing
a building it's like which one are you
coming to Carabas without back I don't
know yeah it's like yeah Carabas has
like nothing Carabas seats 30 out back
seats 300 if you haven't seen these guys
channels check it out they prank each
other they vlog forget you guys start
vlogging every day though he has a
problem vlogging in public she he'd be
nervous to vlog around you he's nervous
to vlog in public
vlog this right here this and I use you
on my video you know cares right okay
the next person I want you to go pull
the pants let's just do it okay not
really don't do that she'll get away
with it we won't she's like I'm just a
girl me I'm gonna some fat guy pulls on
his pants sound dude I think you go to
jail asshole are you driving the
Batmobile gonna see if I can zoom into
it
well he's blocked in he's gone how you
doing man
welcome to Orlando well even though I
just got back from Shake Shack was
saying fresco and his girlfriend Tiffany
I still learned room service because I'm
a fat fuck oh shit I blame Bridgette for
that oh yeah I'm on frickin the phone
call with Bridgette would you shut up so
I can show this food I said shut up
yeah okay first thing i'ma show is
oh yeah grilled chicken sandwich with
french fries some funny mop-up huh and
then the one this one make Bridgette
jealous penne pasta so I ordered a
sandwich and pasta and two drinks
jealous were you yawning so you're not
that jealous at all okay I'm gonna take
the plastic off my little cup
so I saw people asking to see my view so
that's what this is here is my view I
don't know how well you can see it
because it's a dog wow it is very nice I
hope it comes up clear cuz that is
beautiful so that is my view for the
next few days just chilling well you can
see so much from here it's amazing and
hey there's pickle boy am I stuck
sheesh so I thought I would do the outro
on front of my view and one I'm pretty
sure I'm dark to this in front of my
face and this sheesh I gotta go
somewhere else well that's gonna be it
for today you guys thanks for watching
day one in Orlando complete good day
hung out what's an fresco and Tiffany
and they were awesome they were very
cool they were the majority of my day
that was a they were really cool if you
guys aren't subscribed to them check
them out they do pranks and they do
daily vlogs and they're very very cool
people definitely want to hang out with
them again that they were so so cool I
love meeting other youtubers and see how
cool they can be and they were awesome
so you guys fucking awesome that's gonna
be a better day you guys thanks for
watching ah another day without Bridget
Centre for that whole intro thing and
maybe the phone call anyway like
subscribe favorite and that's it
branding
