what's going on you guys kid behind a
camera here for johast here were you
pissed about nothing you're happy like
this let me do the Lucchese due to us
tickle tickle under chin if you're lying
you will grin
tickle tickle under our yeah what are
you best about cuz you gotta take me to
the airport
it's too sad for me so I'm about to go
to Orlando Bridget doesn't want to take
me to therefore are you gonna cry now
I'm gonna cry I'm gonna cry too
yeah you ever cry when you text me with
my boy no no cry good you're coming back
okay that's me see that kind of stuff
opens you up all way would you get that
when you get to get those little shorts
machines yeah put my name is beneficiary
like at the plane crashes yeah oh my
name already is omigod am not this time
mine what this like a gamble on my life
you're not gonna die
no you never can tell you going to
Orlando does that mean that's it does
scary
what can we plan on Delta Oh should take
a double price out on me you know when
you say shit like that you opened
yourself up being pranked when I get
back you know we're having a party for
two million subscribers
I might just show it while you sleep
I'll be damned that's gonna happen look
like a bunch of just show up well
grandpa sleep Annabel will eat your ass
up was that me you trained her I'm
training oh yeah I got your sauce and
I'm a bit of smell I don't like how mean
you are
I'm saying you got attack well grandpa's
taking me to the airport yeah taking it
pretty soon I'm gonna arrive in Orlando
why'd you go play with Nicky while you
there Mickey Mouse yeah
I really go to Universal Studios
kabloosh oh yeah I went there man is
I've been like nine times Jesus Christ
dad I got an old Orlando Nate oh my god
man I love universe any foods you
recommend uh yeah they got a limit you
got if you go to Orla if you go to the
universal try the Bubba Gump oh my god
way above
come downtown Charles it no no recommend
McDonald's - no no hey they've got the
original bubble cup they're in Orlando
they're here
here's just some dude - the name okay
Bridget I think dad's recommendations
and first thing we get to Orlando hello
Harry Potter Harry Potter deal I'm gonna
try Burger King will try Olive Garden Oh
what anything else you reckon Fergie
that guy did chicken shit Bell is
freaking out over there give me back a
burger Michael you are goddamn burger
get me a restaurant we got a red would
you shut up we have a the gate they got
a sugar $30 McDonald here you want to
bring you on my land oh he doesn't get
sarcasm it goes sarcasm cos directly
over your head what it's sarcasm what we
talk about your Bella crying in there
she wants to attack you had to put her
cage says I don't don't like me that's
why I put it in the cage cuz you always
provoke her can we go what no who clean
the house that's wrong what up me I know
that's god damn ma they'll be sad
greenhouse love you you love it over
here again
she's sad she don't talk no I cleaned it
with well we almost at the airport thank
God thank God in greyhound he's gone I
was wondering how long would take you to
sing that song thank God and Delta he's
gone he's going to Florida I hope he
never comes home
Yeah right ah I call you but yet Adam
staying in Florida but no Mike you can't
do that what if I call you and say I'm
staying in Florida you start crying
I know crime glad you go I'm just glad
she ain't got like a bridge in four days
i'ma have her go over just all hell no
I'm like everybody go mess with dad no I
did leave her a camera what course I got
two cameras so why'd you give her a
camera for maybe she knew I would let
her fill me shit Hey
I caught for that sucker I saw when he
got we turned that brat behind the one
whose ass you know what that is right
following Boeing fuck boy so that right
there is the reason our trailer park
closed mundo say they did not they
weren't the ones buying our property
shit yeah look back over there that way
the road goes straight through our board
we used to live wow I mean that I
understand you know that there was you
know three four thousand lives lost but
they needed a place to park so I lost my
home so some jerk can have a goddamn
parking place I was being sarcastic
of course I don't I'm not happy about
this I'd still be in that trailer today
you know I would be too
I loved it there the trailer was awesome
I was home
they say you put a lipstick on a pig and
still a pig well I guess I'm still
appeared that I stroll mid/side old
place look at Zeke bus parking lot I
thought you was wearing lipstick shut up
will be in a minute you can get out my
fucking truck I'm not gonna get out
actually yes you are you oh you know you
want to get out you want to get to
wrestling that's intense a week from now
huh well Sunday without a week dumbass
today's Wednesday
just let me see Sunday Monday Tuesday
you you at Dulles all right I'm chef of
a film this guy goddamn and I'm always
son of a bitch you see the look he gave
you yeah God yeah I was trying to get my
camera to film but he took off so dad
pulls up at this guy he's looking
Cadillac fuck yo Cadillac fucking
full-on front me like I'll beat his
goddamn ass anybody he gave you this
look that I can't even describe me I
just thought you that well fuck I can't
laugh keep calm yourself down dude
oh yeah that's only a freakin thousand
dollar computer man the shit is really
getting bad what's the plan damn shit
just hit the fan sick of it the screen
sick of being scared I go to sleep and
then I dream of death I'm not prepared
to reach the end was to come and I'm
sick of it
I wish my god I could believe in him but
shit I can't I've live in fear every day
like death is everywhere
I'm so scared man damn I wish I was in
here there it goes again another
birthday you're from the past 24 before
me born I'm sick of always looking back
in the past on this le shit I feel sad
that's the next day I went to my hotel
and I just checked in and went to sleep
so pickleboy is in Orlando and I'm gonna
start vlogging as soon as I get up but I
wanted to get this video but I'm sorry
it's short but what an exhausting trip
that was my original flight to Orlando
got cancelled because snow and so I got
moved to another flight and I lost my
first class all sitting coach and a fat
guy setting the coach doesn't work
missed just doesn't work so I got moved
to coach and then I upgraded a first
class for the second flight and I ended
up in DC and what a headache but I'm
here my ordeal is over with and I can
start doing stuff in Orlando so that's
what I'm gonna do but I wanted to get
the vlog though so thanks for watching
you guys
Orlando bike
subscribe favorite and click like you're
excited about some read your free blogs
it's cheap waiting it's a place
yeah do I hate you sometimes
yeah okay that works me I can't
hopefully stop calling it call
