you remember that
teeth comb right teeth were neck up what
I never watched it
is that so cuff yeah we're just up tough
yeah you gave me this cup yeah you did
it on purpose yeah
this is gross thank you Michael
oh man
well you still miss come on I was joking
maybe you should've kicked it well this
is from bloggers when it everybody see
you think you're not always an ass yeah
it'll be nice I just want to tell you
guys thank you for 2 million subscribers
I love each and every one of you I do
too and I love you out yeah I'm done
nice things kids like Bart what's going
on you guys can't be on a camera here
vigilance here and today is Wednesday
Wednesday I thought was Thursday whore
Wednesday whore well what exactly is
whore Wednesday think of anything okay
first of all when you come out with
something it's gotta roll off the tongue
whore one you know wheat Wednesday whore
one poor ones anything folks a whore
wins they go out find yourself a
prostitute
no don't it's illegal don't do that no
that's illegal not a Whore Wednesday not
on my watch today is Wednesday it's a
day I'm gonna pack for Orlando no you're
not I threw all your clothes away this
the shirt I'm wearing to the airport I
wanted to demonstrate it for you well
Mario themed Wow damn you get off as a
joke this is where they started poor
style hey yeah what I want to say that
whore style so right now we have to move
all the furniture into another room
because we have carpet cleaners coming
yep right for this I'm ready you grab
this no just the chair
however that stuff needs to go upstairs
come on Michael they'll be here any
minute why are we doing this right now
then because they came early don't you
wish you could carry this yeah well you
got to carry all this where's Felix oh
we had to get felis we were looking for
him because the carpet I don't know if
you can see me but we gotta put Felix up
because the carpet cleaners can't do it
well Felix is out and running around and
we just spotted up right at the perfect
moment oh you'll be out very soon okay
pee eggs I'm sorry but I'm sorry you
can't be out there while the cleaners
are here now I'm gonna back up the hell
just put the garage
we'll put it back up so this is what the
living room looks like right now waiting
for it to get carpet clean and I'm just
sort of chilling here in this chair by
the garage door looking at my YouTube
play button
Bridget how's the house coming how you
doing with the house good
all right making sure check it oh yeah
oh it's exhausting yeah I'm doing the
most work if you ask me don't even lie
what come on hey help me what do I gotta
do now get your other shoes there here
here right here good camera
enjoying yourself okay what why because
he's not coming in here right now
no no so this right here is what is used
to clean all the carpets and and here
has already been done let's take a look
at that wowzers it's freakin clean in
here how about it
well here is my suitcase and all my
clothes I'm gonna do a little bit of
packing cuz I leave for Orlando tomorrow
well all my packing on this thing well
is that my suit from last time yeah I
know this is my suitcase in the suitcase
and the suit always stays you what what
the shit stain liar
damn you do you know how serious does
Florida take their football so serious
that you're probably gonna get stomped
on by Steeler pants like oh how are
these gonna work out what so this is
what it would look like oh okay I know
where it's at now and this is my apples
ready for a downtown guys got my boxers
off of me a little token good how big
are you oh sorry oh is it big
oh my god well let's see what we got
here folks
what the man how do you open a suitcase
oh yeah well you gonna miss me tomorrow
that's awful way of saying fuck now and
then take it off saying fuck daddy oh my
dog he can't leave we don't have his
shoes let's pretend that's what it means
yeah okay bill I've gotta leave don't do
anything on my shoes that's my shoe get
my shoe back you have it she's gonna
straight tear mode lock your shoes hey
Bella can I have these back now can I
have these no well that's gonna be it
for today you guys thanks for watching
we've had our carpets cleaned took the
tree down I'm putting it back up though
when you're gone Pat for Orlando I'm
leaving tomorrow that's gonna be it for
today you guys thanks for watching
Orlando here I come
and I mean Orlando Bloom I want to hang
out with you I want to party with you
okay
hey that's it lemon everything vigilant
and that doesn't piss me off
bet you bring question yeah of course it
does do I hate you sometimes
yeah you are
