what's going on you guys can't be on the
camera here for to us here right there
and today is Thursday guys today is
Thursday and today I'm gonna tell a
throwback Thursday story as a matter of
fact that's what most of this vlog is
gonna be now guys it is a crazy story
let me even tell you it is a crazy story
guys if you didn't see yesterday's vlog
this happened Brooke are you trying to
scare me Jennifer a wig
that's not your hater now I'm starting
to worry that Jennifer is on a path to
destruction self-destruction she's gonna
blow through now Jennifer has a history
of blowing up and freaking out and stir
in drama and I want to try to prevent
that from happening so Jennifer I love
you
today's throwback story is inspired by
you yes because she is frickin snapping
she's on the verge she's gonna snap I
want to try to rule with like real Arend
before she gets too far guys today's
Thursday
Jennifer we got a talk what are you guys
doing you know lately you guys have been
trying to build a form of communication
with Bella so cross your fingers that I
can figure that out right guys now you
want to learn how to talk English I
think there's nothing you can do it or
do I sound like a weirdo Bella what do
you think just sound like a weirdo
trying to communicate with you we just
found out you guys that we actually
might have more bad news coming next
week I don't want to get into that until
we get across that road when we get to
it okay
I don't want more bad news I'm just sick
of it sick bad news like being all that
well you take a bad news yeah cover the
fluids up for me okay girl a lot of you
guys may know and some of you may not
know actually that I'm working on an
album
now I announce that the other day I've
been doing it since around November I
wanted to work on new music and I just
started giving I just started getting
inspired by more and more stuff and and
then the more stuff that I started to
write the more obsolete some of the
other stuff that I'd written back in
November became and I realized that I
have a lot of like raps that I've
written that I'm never gonna use so just
to like show you some of the stuff that
I'm discarding because I'm never gonna
use this stuff but I wanted at least let
people hear it this is something that
I'm never gonna use that's never gonna
be on a song and remember we you have is
half the recollection that I wish it was
but time is bad and make another bus
forget seek every thought you thought
you had or fade away your dog will pass
and that is what we have and will your
God we're never coming back here we go I
know I'm getting old I only wish there
doctors there forever but I know I won't
oh my god I feel like letting go I'm
gettin older every day I gotta find a
way to cope listen up I want to find a
way to try to make you see the reason
why I'm so afraid I'll take you back
the year was 93 I told myself that time
was going by tried to see if I could
keep a list of everything that's
happened and to see if it will pass
before I seemed to make the note or
notice anything we're here we are on 13
hours 2017 and yeah it's actually 2018
one of the many reasons I've discarded
it that's just one of the songs that I
discarded you guys I'm not gonna use it
the lyrics weren't that good they you
know that they weren't like the new
stuff I started writing like I was
writing this it was okay
you know usually what I do is I'll write
something I'll revise it and I'll revise
that I never got a chance to revise this
because I started writing better stuff
so that is the worst it would get on my
new album so I wanted to give you guys a
preview guys this stuff the new album
that I'm working on is way better than
anything that I've ever
and this of his garbage compared to
which I can rap some of that
I get
look I'm just saying that I got a lot of
stuff that I'm working on a lot of new
music I got features like disaster
Juliette Riley which is mcjuggernuggets
girlfriend my guys she is supremely
talented on her own it's a good song
guys I got a lot of stuff I'm working on
music videos all that stuff guys I got a
new album coming out let's go tell the
throwback story that's almost gonna be
it for today you guys but before I get
out of here I did want to tell a
throwbackthursday story you know with
what happened yesterday I think it's
very important that I do a throwback
story that speaks directly to Jennifer
and I mean directly to Jennifer I want
her to watch this I want her to listen
very carefully because I think she's on
the verge of snapping now Jennifer has a
pattern like when we know when it comes
she always snaps like every two years
there's always like a big snap with her
it so it's been since we were kids we've
told you stories with dad about the time
she was hearing voices and about the
time dad woke up and she was standing
over him with a knife now Jennifer at
times in her life has been crazy
one time she ripped $1,000 in cash and
grandpa put a gun to her head
good I'll believe that for a story for
another time that happened now I fully
understand that she was like a snapper
so I kicked her ass yeah well we've told
that story yeah where'd you kicked her
ass like she says she has times where
she becomes unhinged yesterday I think
we saw the beginning of it she's wearing
a wig she's wearing glasses she's saying
that's a real hair then she starts
laughing and controllably I think she's
starting to snap and for good reason
yeah it's not like you know it's not
like it's coming out of nowhere we're
wondering what's going on you know what
I mean like yeah you know dad passed and
I totally get it
I understand Jenny I understand what
you're going through because I'm going
through it too so I'm hoping telling
this story will help you some now you
were here for the story
yes Bridget was around for this one she
snapped at grandpa's house when he lived
in Creekside when he was over there by
Tina and all that guys he she snapped
okay
totally and like almost irreversibly
that was almost done with her okay now
one of the things you got to know before
I start telling the story is as I said
at dad's funeral
he loved to gather us around his kids
and he would always tell us you know him
and I food right oh god my kid coming
back feeling God's calling me home right
he was seven right so he would always
like tell us these stories and we're
gonna die and you needed oh my recipes
Michael one day I'm not gonna be here to
cook them and granted he was right I
wish I had those recipes now I know it
sucks but here we are now dad was trying
to teach Jennifer how to make sticky
turkey wings and she was already getting
close to snapping we could all feel it
we could see her like making slighly and
face oh yeah marks and we knew she was
whisperin she was whispering she was
this close and we were just watching so
we're a dad's house me and Bridget are
sitting on the couch and we're watching
grandpa film a cooking video with
Jennifer now they're making sticky
turkey wings and at one point jennifer
slips cuts her finger and starts cussing
now dad's laughing dad's filming it yeah
that was a youtuber he knew what was
entertaining oh shit a million views
okay so he starts filming Jennifer's
finger she starts screaming dad's like
dad's just doing this oh yeah yeah at my
house one more time bitch I ain't gonna
have it now at this point
grandpa fits the camera on the counter
so he can direct me bitch - Jennifer
anywhere to do it on camera he's like
not in my house boom okay like he was
past you see at this point I kind of
understood how she was I think kick her
ass
Brian yeah we understood we just wanted
her to relax now the problem comes when
Jennifer's asking dad to delete the
footage and he says he's not going to
so Jennifer break
dad's camera she breaks the camera to
him you dad thought dad saw it as
Jennifer destroying his lifeline to you
and that sent him in a tailspin he walks
him to the living room because she slept
on the couch at the time he walks him to
the living room he grabs all of her
stuff and he slings it into the front
yard like it's gone
her clothes are sitting flying in the
front yard somewhere on the porch summer
blowing in the wind guys her clothes are
everywhere and now she's screaming
because she never remembers what she did
yeah it was always this close though
guys but I couldn't breathe I was just
yeah we all gotta face it was a whole
dysfunctional family meltdown you guys
it was crazy she goes outside and for
some reason she has a basket of peaches
like dad went to Columbia and he comes
back with his basket of peaches now I
need to let you know now this is not the
only time she has thrown peaches at
dad's house this is the second time
she's the peach queen so she grabs this
basket of peaches and starts throwing
them like baseballs like at the house
now Bridget is at the door and she's
like I'm gonna check her house I was
like Bridget stop at this point of peach
hits the glass though right will bridges
faces boom right so pretty let's hope
this and Bridget chases are down the
street nice this was a total
dysfunctional yeah she was gone
well I don't know where she went we
didn't see Jennifer for two days okay
when we saw her two days later she was
still angry and dad kicked her out and
she moved to Kauai where she was
homeless this is what happens with Jenny
freaked out so Jenny I love you please
don't freak out okay very nice fair
board it's a very nice fair warning last
time you were homeless Oh God okay
please don't be homeless right
you know she's been doing so much better
guys for real my husband I'm very proud
of her I'm very proud Jennifer I love
you you're handling you know this grief
a lot better than I thought you would
but you're still snapping okay yeah it's
like that Direct TV commercials you know
they would say like would you pay too
much for DirecTV you get angry and when
you get angry people think you have an
anger problem
and when people think you have an anger
problem they call the police when people
call the police you get in a fight with
the police and when you get a fight with
the police you go to prison for the rest
of your life don't go to prison for the
rest of your life
switch to DIRECTV that's what this is
like Jennifer when you get angry you
snap when you snap Bridget gets in your
face when Bridget gets in your face she
beats you ass and when she beats you ass
you run out the street screaming help
stop running up the street screaming
help don't get an anger problem don't
snap guys that's the throwback story I
can't help it guys you do it tell yes
she's very like protective of me and I
love it very much
we're doing this out so Jennifer this
throwback story was for you but the last
time you really freaked out
dad threw you out the house and you
ended up homeless like stop calm down
think about your actions it's gonna be
okay we're all going through it love you
love you dad let's do this outro well
that's gonna be it for today you guys
thanks for watching Jennifer don't be so
crazy I gave you a little preview of the
new music guys the verse that I spent
earlier it's totally like deleted it's
like it's not gonna be anything and I
wanted to just read it up before I
deleted it say goodbye to it I deleted a
lot of like BS verses tonight new music
is coming though guys we're getting out
of here thanks for watching like
subscribe favorite find everything for
Josh and we gotta talk about that the
fact that before I hit record you farted
on me that's right I brought it up she's
like she was like really like a parasite
like what
this stinks doing this outro record oh
yeah
Oh was it yeah she don't she didn't
believe I was gonna bring this up huh
she fought it on me yeah it was
literally on my I felt the vibration I
smell the stink I felt like the house
shifted a minute I wanted the vlog to be
funny why are you bringing up I was
playing Friday the 13th
okay it's you farted again no Michael
that was insane
she freakin snapped is that helicopter
looking for her
I wouldn't be surprised what guys I just
want to start off this scene by saying I
called it yeah you did I called it she
freaking snap in this vlog I called it I
told you that Jennifer is on the verge
of snapping and guys Jennifer just
snapped yeah and it was it was pretty
crazy guys it wasn't just some sort of
small snap it was a snap of epic
proportions it was a total meltdown okay
and we were all terrified yeah freaky
Lord ran to the room yes she was
terrified she's never seen it Jennifer's
not know this was the first time now
this was the like the craziest Jennifer
snap that even I've experienced I mean
I've seen a couple this was the worst is
really bad yeah guys that videos gonna
upload tomorrow on the angry grandpa
show channel I encourage you to check it
out and watch the total dysfunction
because Jennifer had a total meltdown
that video was gonna be uploaded
tomorrow guys I know the vlog was
supposed to be over but this happened
and I had to fill this part at the end
of the vlog so you guys could know what
just happened because Jenny I told you
so she freaking snapped guys she really
did and Jenny um you should probably
like cause or something call us next
time exactly
guys that's tomorrow angry grandpa show
Channel 3 p.m. Eastern Time Jennifer had
a meltdown
you
