what's going on you guys get me on a
camera here for Joe STI right there and
to her hair and today is Monday and
today you had no follow-up no and today
is wrestling no I'm watching t you just
burp this were winded here the camera
picked that up let's just let's just
find out and today is rough one you just
burn repulsive disgusting oh it's a bit
are you seeing her eyes god damn if you
hadn't seen the video we uploaded
yesterday I did the cute can't talk
bridges making faces over there that's
why I can't talk I upload the hey
comment videos if you haven't seen it
link is below
I loved it the response from you guys
has been absolutely amazing if you guys
wants to do another one of those in the
future smack that like button
you guys didn't depress me folks I said
to click like the other day if we're
pigs oh yeah 30,000 like we some fat
fucks we some piggy motherfuckers and
you guys are shirted and we fucking
stink eye I don't think you stink
no no I'm getting out of here let's get
this my bear started trash girl behind a
camera right there what are you doing oh
you got to film this
yeah I stink and I don't have no clean
clothes cuz all the other ones are
devoted to being packed for Orlando so
my ass stings take a shower sting Polly
the house you a drug a time you wanna
take one anyway don't play do I got time
to take a shower yeah go ahead
go take one hmm call me I don't know oh
I love it
hmm you smell worse
no I don't
do I stink little Mike I need one of
those light bulbs what are you doing man
way to get let your cuted I'm not gonna
it's a friggin way Oh Bridget
for God's sakes on it why would you fall
for that because are you joking no for
God's sakes merchant ah yeah whatever
lights off just what you needed
yes my phone is connected to Wi-Fi you
say it again say it again
my phone is connected to Wi-Fi here you
know it's bad when your phone
automatically connects to Wi-Fi at a
restaurant oh yeah who's the name of the
restaurant we're just phone connects to
fast cafe Wi-Fi like that is a problem
oh my god it says fax guest your friend
yeah Elise is not the party's wife
Oh God yeah if it connected to Hardee's
Wireless like right this is it
yeah bridge is connected to she's a fat
guest I'm staring at this roll basket
bridge of like 10 minutes wonder what's
gonna get refilled with poppy seed rolls
yeah I know
then this week ten in there I think it
was like three like 50 I ate all of them
and look at that there was a big thing
of butter and I like level bit and this
very funny
wait am a hundred feet and ten rolls I
got make fun to me for being connected
to life I think that's worse so I meant
to record this appetizer before it was
looking like this it's like a pimento
cheese for like a bacon jam but then I
tasted it and then this happened
no ankle neither does my heart topic oh
my god right here we got these calabash
chicken tenders they are freaking
delicious dip in some honey mustard
can't fall every time Thank You broom
the same thing Wow Joe it's no liquid is
everybody in America on New Year's Day
and that's everybody off the day after
New Year's it's right here is when the
realization hits that you're not meeting
your goal all right I'm done working out
you guys I'm staying off the wheel for a
while he was going apeshit now is like
done with the wheel oh my god
well I'm him it's doing here somewhere
so just now I was using the stuff that
Bridget bought me for my face which I'm
reluctant to admit works I was using
this stuff and the little spot on my
face just came right off and that's gone
and I realized I haven't done an inch or
the vlog yet which means I'm gonna have
the mark on my face for part of the vlog
and then at the beginning the vlog it's
not gonna be there I can see it now the
star of the vlog it's there the middle
vlog is gone fake you're right you got
me
the other parts of the vlog are
completely CGI'd well that's gonna be it
for today you guys thanks for watching I
just did the intro and the outro at the
same time because I've forgotten into
the and you still smell like trash well
I'm sure I did I'm sure I do I'm kidding
no it's fine
oh god your breath okay your breath
smells like a landfill and but your
breath actually does think that's gonna
be it for today you guys you know you
want me to get it on breath dude
sometimes she'll be breathing my air
while she sleeps
I look oh god you're such a liar Oh
seriously it's like that episode of
Spongebob where he makes the sundae out
of onions and ketchup
remember I'll remember that episode yeah
yeah remember the part where he says
hello to somebody and the eyebrows
burned off that's me this is this
morning told you my hair goes by quick I
don't know where she ate this and I'm
gonna get out yeah thanks for watching
it nice far okay
this that's just crossing the line and I
want sorry it's a short vlog I got to
start packing and getting ready for
Orlando going to Orlando I think I'm
flying out Friday or Wednesday or
tomorrow I don't know let's say that I
want to get away from this bitch quicker
I'm joking look how look at her face
she's so offended I gotta get away from
this fucking gun yeah Oh joking I'm
ready for you to leave me to leave
tonight this is gonna be Bridgette while
I'm gone and this is gonna be me
whatever it is what it is yeah I'm gonna
get out of here thanks for watching you
guys
yeah I got going to lightly rub away for
this though like describe Babel ahead
fun everything but I don't and that's it
one blur let me get close to my face
under whoo hey sexy
