oh god I love my house okay oh my god
you all right MA
my stomach is rolling better don't have
more feet
yeah yo help it
I want the choice bubbles filled with
like do things to lose I got your life
oh fuck you Andrew let's fly him
oh my head whoo I can't put what do you
want you good
I'll get the damn know you had a mile by
now get out okay I'll go yeah you do not
like hey come and see you all right I'll
go that don't smell like you anymore you
still pissed
how are you Oh Tomek Andy mmm man that
shit was fucking right like an episode
of money talks you know it I'll give you
that you drank freaking teeth water dude
I feel like I feel like a shark tank or
some shit
shark tank yeah how could you trying to
tell me something them net water tastes
like it came from a shark hey uh-uh
dude I mean it was damn salty and briny
and fucking Kevlar - guy sound like a
damn sweet fucking what do you put
anything in the water
no no nasty water of all nasty water it
tasted like it
you're breaking after something right I
really you Botha pissed at me knocked up
some let's see if I get that 50 fucking
dollars now you will get the fish groovy
out of a thousand
I was yeah we're gonna give you give you
50 will give me 305 I'll give you
fucking fight we'll give you even go
give me five
I'll give it I'm giving Charlie 50 you
said you want like a new like well what
does that want to do cat
send you the link I'll get you the ducat
know what damn thing brother
I'll get you pack of cigarettes about
what you can buy for your $5 - what how
you follow us way you're right where
you're a team yeah I'm also to play
don't burn don't pick up why you're
gonna keep losing way cuz you don't eat
I do eat and when we do pasta just a
little bit you like pasta now after he
almost threw it ask the food away again
why cuz we weren't fucking eating it
cheese all right
a whole bunch of freaking damn country
fried pork chops and they were fucking
banging - why would you thought about
then didn't you because I don't cuz they
are on eat six in one sitting
there's only six in one sitting and
finally four plates she's not happy and
this true to look at eat them up you
must say something to tell say it what
never saw your eyes you want to say
something you a lying motherfucker
I'm not lying here well dad I was
thinking because I'm f you don't know
what you say none he surprised I was
thinking is that what I want to help
well anyway going to our land or next
week for Royal Rumble thank God y'all
you be gone
I don't probably a week make it longer
anyway while I'm gone I was thinking
about I can upload a video where do you
think well next couple days mean you go
to Burger King you tried that new
chicken burger yeah we do that all I
broken oh yeah we got that's usually
Charlie if we try anywhere he hates if
we try Burger cos it's a hit
he's there guns it became in be case the
shit it is the other pretty delicious
so they got a new chicken burger well I
would be doing oh yeah it's like it's
like a chicken sandwich but it's like
patty like burger me I can't wait dad so
what do you think yeah we can do that
soon good Adam are hell no no you gotta
be about it so a day like this patty is
like what is a patty like it's like
ground chicken meat patty I want the
freakin damn
okay Manzo gotta be good I tried it and
personally I won't make that into my
opinion about it so anyway yeah don't
try to corrupt me we do I take myself
okay
he'll be the type you just do opposite
oh you hate he loves it exact ask you
anything
I just put my two cents in I don't tell
you then I'll give you never change go
away it looks like you're the one losing
money
yeah yeah you lost three cent on that
deal
yeah okay so you'll get him three cent
to go away that makes sense well I'll
give my dime to go away you know when
you do dad turn this into a swear jar
how the hell are you gonna do that every
time you cut you put money in oh that's
a good one
all there's a squared R a swear jar
Oh Helen I'm up again pulling there's no
you just lost you gotta put a dollar in
I play that shit you all's another
dollar that's ready to go by Pat give it
up next week yeah
oh you bought everyone Thanksgiving
dinner if you really are
how about a year that I didn't called
dad's turkey dry it was like the worst
offense ever do you hurt you cut him to
be more so I do he just his eyes Mandy
why have you been home shit up well it's
not cuz do you know for Thanksgiving
dinner but dad flipped the table it was
crazy
ah shit all because we brought the same
sore you bring it up now we brought this
shit up not the duck the dry stuff now
yeah Pippa table you could I bought you
a table it's in the garage
I like my room better okay well then you
can flip that I'm not flipping my damn
bar you bought him a new table that new
table that's in the garage yeah he wants
me to put it together form so you can
use it as a workbench be good squeeze
this times ah that's a nice table too
swear jar
no why could not feel filial about this
we get a swear jar right limit with that
one my jailer there I've been missing
the fuckin nut there's in the goddamn
Asgard what a goddamn nothing to jar oh
I said I'll be a tiny bit know how going
on I don't get that
oh it's gone so I apologize in my head
there his kiss my pushing ass temp
motherfuckin that Michael eat my shorts
fuck you shit your Nike you they barely
cussing you put it in a swear you put in
a quarter for kiss you put a quarter for
Michael you can't steal the money out of
the swear jar hell that's not a customer
shit
and all indicative
what is that cup oh my god
in 1990 anywhere Oh God Martin
