what's going on you guys kid behind a
lip bump here vigil st yeah question is
that herpes not for me get close I want
squeeze in your mouth yeah I had a tiny
little lip up and I started squeezing it
and I made it worse
on the other hand my face looks very
clear today thanks to Bridget I don't
want to give her any credit you're so
welcome baby I hate making her no she
was right about something I don't see
any red it looks great
okay it looks gray we just got back from
angry Grandpa's house and we recorded
the hate mail back okay well the hate
comments video Wow
some of you guys left some good ones a
lot of you lots of evil ones at one
point Bridget wormed her way and to get
me made fun of by reading some hate
comments and she didn't read a single
one of them you do this you played me
and dad against each other yeah the hey
come and I can't wait for you guys to
see this I loved him as tomorrow dude at
one point I don't want to give too much
away because I want you guys to see this
video tomorrow but at one point I told
my brother I gave him $50 enough said
tomorrow I want to say it so bad okay
I'll just say grandpa had his teeth
sitting in a glass of water and that's
that's all I'm gonna say you'll see
tomorrow he got the $50 and turned into
a mess you know I came with you guys to
see the hey comment video I hope you
guys love it
you guys said some evil shit and you
guys also kept it respectable at the
same time it's like nobody went out of
the way to make grandpa feel like a
piece of subhuman shit you just had some
shit like you look like potatoes and
onions and other various fruits and
dickheads so that's gonna come up
tomorrow but in the meantime we got to
get a vlog for today so it's Saturday is
it
it's Saturday I got the freaking day of
the week right it's Saturday a new Act
we're about to let Clyde out to use the
bathroom so he can redeem himself from
flying into the door yesterday let's do
this
Oh God Clyde why don't you know it's
they for her yeah we spent a few hours
last night show and Clyde the door I was
a Clyde come here and he was stopping in
front of the door and he was he going to
and I was hoping now he would have
learned so we could redeemed himself on
video nope
Clyde ain't learned a damn thing
Clyde Jack like a damn fool hey teach
you Chloe we got it how do we teach them
dude I thought you understood see you're
getting it there you know you can't get
through this right I know right
he's like I'm just thirsty look Clyde
this fight I don't care see it's a door
see everybody see how come you don't
know that before perfect buddy come on
out buddy what a good clock I'll go in
like I don't see the door when it's
there oh there he goes with ozone a
little bottle this may drink music it's
mine now I ran into the door why do what
why aren't you gonna miss me I'm gonna
miss you are you yes well they even say
I'm not gonna miss you at all Bridget
okay Bridge a to make me feel wah we're
just getting mad because I'm going to
our land now and she made this comment
you're not gonna miss me and I laugh
nope
cousin were we having fun and she got
upset about I'm obviously gonna miss ya
dammit I merely had too much fun for
instance for everybody watching this
right now this is me at home can't see
the TV collide and this is gonna be me
no man yeah I get it I love you more
confirmed Cooper boy I am making used
tacos tonight Island air fried chicken
actually you want tacos so what more
chicken wasted well you want to talk us
tonight
Hey but then the bridge how did we
freeze it I think I'll go bad cuz we're
I'm tacos
no I want chicken how dare you what I
want to throw that chicken away I wasn't
really gonna throw it away
no chicken tacos with it all wrong okay
the second I saw you pull it out I go
that'll make a good chicken taco oh hey
buddy
hey Clyde can you do me a favor and stop
running into the screen door ain't no
make you so sad
Jake's ladies and gentlemen Bridget
can't talk cause she's on Jenks until
she can give me a coke six-pack yeah
where's that smell on this plane oh it
smells like shit okay it's either this
bag of gravy in the Halloween bag oh my
god do that no you know I do this Bob
Evans macaroni
turkey bacon it's obviously not smell
inside dude I'm not smelling bad sir are
you serious it's this the fuck
oh don't put it in there put it in the
big one oh my god these are for
Christmas party okay this is gross
damn do we have some nasty motherfuckin
throw this away this is NASA click like
a me and Bridget are a couple of nasty
pigs
I expect 20,000 likes a speck 40 I'll be
disappointed if this doesn't get 30,000
likes cuz they means you don't think
we're pigs we some eggs in this I'm
calling you out we pinched or not we
pigs like Michael we pigs where's the
last time we got lunch meat September I
think oh your three dollars smell it I
will give you 50 if you smell it I turn
smell I smell the turkey bang come on
the video smell you can just point
everybody on it smell do you what if I
die you're not gonna die I've eaten mold
for well I'd you've got some shoes see
these motherfuckers using Bridget yeah
she was so sure she's like you've gotta
wear these to our land oh let's see what
I gotta wear I hope you like the color
pink purple and red if they're pink
purple all right I'm not wearing them
seriously Bridget come on it's not a big
deal pink open the red shoes therefore
some people fat people don't pull off
purple all right you got you a yellow
shirt oh these are nice Wow and the
camera pick that up
yep the design a lot of going stop yeah
okay that's pretty nice Bridget yeah
there's so nice Wow thank you very much
you're welcome I'm gonna get some Easy's
what are those I don't know that's an
easy
wow those are nice persons thank you
you're welcome
you gonna miss me want to go to Orlando
Belen cuz I'm sure gonna miss you
oh of course I'll miss you
my god I don't wanna go miss Bello
that's gonna be a fare today you guys
thanks for watching had a good day we're
Bridget
remember click like is over fat bucks we
fat fucks are we fat folks click like if
you're sure of it but probably the
fattest folks I'm the fattest fuck in
this room satisfied I am the fattest
fuck in this relationship that's final I
am tomorrow I'm putting up the hate
comments video with angry grandpa had a
good day I wanted to take a moment to
relive something without the music you
know I'm getting that let's take a look
at pickle boys dance without any
background music is oh my oh my god I
got to see this myself here it is
and my shoe Billy Aaden hell yeah no you
really would have claimed you the
fattest fuckin bitch that's it
yeah that's right I am officially the
fattest fuck yes I would not do that on
camera thanks for watching you guys I'm
gonna get out of here hate comment video
tomorrow hope you guys loved it I loved
filming it it was amazing hilarious dad
got pissed off a couple of times
thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe favorite I want everything for
Joy's that is fucked behind the camera
here that fuck right here though I'm the
fattest I'm fat and annoying I'm
annoying too
what the hell
dammit oh I never mail
