what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here Bridgette West not here
click like if you're happy to hear that
the reason Bridgette West is not here is
because I'm starting this vlog off at
2:30 in the morning
because this has gotta go
shaving folks I want to have some of the
hair grow back by the time I go to
Orlando next week I learned through my
eyebrows that my hair grows back
abnormally fast I am like a freaking
werewolf so gonna hope that it grows
back quick enough hopefully I was like a
fucking onion in Orlando I'm starting to
worry about cutting and now I might not
do it I'm gonna cut my hair I'm getting
this vlog started if you didn't see the
vlog we put up yesterday click the link
below it was a bad day we lost alan
rickman I went to the mall and I didn't
enjoy it it was a bad day yesterday
sucked today
let's hope is a lot better here we go
folks
it's easier for me to do this than to
let somebody else do it because I made
hints that I wanted to shave and I heard
dad and Bridget talking omid we shave
him so this is gonna stop it where they
can't do that tough shit send here
cutting my hair and smelling the
Clippers and I realize this is the
Clippers that Bridget used to shave her
on Clyde's hot spot I don't know exactly
what a hot spot is I just know that it's
like a sore or something and the vet
tells us we got to shave the fur and I
just realize I've been shaving my face
with the Clippers that Bridget spray
cut the hot spot with mistakes oh man
it's like cutting grass well dad Bridget
if your plan was to shave me again while
I was sleeping which I'm pretty sure it
was too bad I beat you to it
well next day now Bridget you look good
let's be honest here what
what were your dad planning oh I wasn't
planning anything but he was I was
trying to scope out for ideas you guys I
know you because he said anyone to prank
you but I was like I'm not a part of
this I don't ever even bully I don't
believe that how stupid do you think I
am do you think I don't know you guys
are trying to prank me I don't think
he's stupid at all so do you realize
that I know you were trying to prank me
I wasn't trying to prank you dude I
heard when I was at dads house the other
day and I was using the bathroom I heard
you I heard boot cut his hair he'll cut
my hair I'll cut his hair I want to see
what his plotting against you and you
wouldn't have done it I know what you do
dude you're just trying to like great
now there's wind going through the
camera because of you yes why you
control the wind now oh my god I'm so
sorry
oh my god I'm sorry buddy
I don't figure oh god I'm so sorry Clyde
by the way folks
oh shit what you see I think Michael
your zipper tick do like that cinder
watch why you filming
cuz it's funny one Michael you gotta get
a second I think those two hold these
me hey oh yeah what's your bottom get
faster kiss me all okay one with this
Texas skill it no you don't we don't
have room for it not the pan put food on
the picture yeah happy it a broccoli
chicken rice peppers you're so funny
there's a recipe on this there's not
right no I don't see why there would be
Jesus so right now I'm in the process of
making meatballs and to know the recipe
I'm watching my own video where I made
meatballs thank you for a second
okay thanks my gun you could cut some
parsley eggs
the next ingredient called for parsley
Walmart didn't have any but they did
have the squeeze well parsley it's crazy
didn't have any fresh parsley and I got
to do this which come looks like it's
taking a shit but everybody said when I
looked up reviews that it works the same
the next step is to take these meatballs
raw and drop them into that sauce I
don't people going to like you ke roll
me first of all yes you can second of
all it's not gonna be right we can can
you really yeah certain meats you people
under cook the hell out of hamburger
meat mistakes you know dogs can eat raw
hamburger meat I know I was going to
give himself not at this mixture but of
some of the excess okay you guys we're
about to give our dog some raw hamburger
meat and I wanted to film it and tell
you guys one you very much can feed your
dogs raw hamburger meat dogs have an
antibacterial enzyme and their saliva
called lysozyme and what all does that
do Bridget it basically kills the
bacteria so they can actually eat it so
we were talking to the vet and she said
be quiet because Clyde's were getting
some hot spots it'd be smart to give me
some hamburger meat maybe even like a
protein aspect to it or so we're going
to give me some hamburger meat so Bella
okay I'm really afraid for my hand right
now
Oh
now uh please don't bite me please don't
fight here you go lazy okay Clyde I
don't promise you I'll drop it on him Oh
Clyde don't know the whole don't do it I
know you guys don't know it was good for
you and I know you're happy
she also recommended that we give Clyde
ah what does that medication you give
them the allergy medicine a benadryl
they recommend we give him some of his
benadryl rapid brohamer me so Claude is
gonna be a big healthy hamburger eating
boy by the way it's important to know
that you don't feed your dogs like pork
or anything like that just hamburger and
not all the time
some people just yeah just give it to
them like treats yeah like a little you
know lip and a hammer to me you don't
want to just put them on all hamburger
meat diet and some people do if your dog
is sick don't see it raw meat at all
does this look like Diane W is like
sponsoring the video or what you know
you want to keep this cuz it looks like
that it did stuff bridget is sponsored
videos say sponsored videos and I've
never and probably do not sponsorship
I've never done sponsor for my life like
I'll phone up and shit it's like I also
take a what step oh my god is root beer
Pepsi product I'm pretty sure this is a
is root beer Pepsi product or an W
pretty sure Pepsi all root beer say mmm
you have C product I think it might be
oh my god over the camera by cam this is
so bad okay we got one meatball I'm
gonna take it off and cut into it and
see what it looks like okay here we go
as you can see it is thoroughly cooked
and I'm gonna try it
hmm recipe is below
siliceous Clyde's have been freaking out
for the past few minutes because bridges
dad is here say who was that man in my
house was he ever try to sound like a
quite a freak out a little cloud
hey Clyde it's me Doug howdy what's
going on you nothing much here Clyde's
freaking out about you being here yeah
Sita Claude wants you out of our house
dad stole your hoodie and I don't know
if I disagree get out just kidding yeah
well that's gonna be it for today you
guys this like all that right there did
you don't cut his hair yes you did well
I gotta get that Clyde I'm afraid to
open the door I don't see your hair I
haven't seen it I mean three is that an
onion too oh that's right the three days
I don't know why it's so creepy just
phone your dad behind the blinds like
that yeah I don't know either thanks for
the cookies like it's for the end of a
horror trailer Doug rated-r I'm gonna
get out of here thanks well I'm just
filming him by the way we want your hate
comments who are you I want you I just
want you I'm not gonna use any of the
really evil comments and people are
saying like straight-up evil shit I'm
just gonna block you I'm not gonna just
I'm not gonna read the evil comments to
dad but say something that's kind of
mean that'll probably is lying his ass
stinks again say something that'll
probably piss him off but not you across
the line or that he looks like an onion
that works think of something that's
mean post it in the comments because I'm
doing a hate comment video tomorrow
must you of you racer this is your child
Doug well I don't know she's still part
of you
so anyway I'm before I get out of here
let's take a second to relive Clyde
flying into the let's look at that again
so we had this closed without realizing
it and we invited Clyde inside
for instance hey Doug come inside come
on Doug you see people that any since
fall right into it go back in Doug it's
open now Oh Doug come - oh he's like
that happened - I don't like it the
misery tells of a graduates throat
anyway that's gonna be it for today you
guys thanks for watching we had the door
open Clyde went face-first into it I
made meatballs went to Walmart dealt
with Doug this kind
Doug's back and I want your hate
comments remember nothing evil beat
beasts be a civilized human being here
it's like I'm not gonna read it - if
it's like fuckin dark black magic shit
and I don't got to encourage you to post
a comment about me I guess you're
already doing it that's gonna be a
fitted a you guys thanks for watching
like subscribe favorite and that's it
know what fun everything you're doing
and
that's it tattoos right your ass does
Stacy
