what's going on you guys kid behind a
face rash here busy last year if you're
wondering why I have a face rash it's
because this morning I was crying yep I
didn't want to talk about it in the vlog
I'm gonna though just to start off just
to talk about it Alan Rickman died and I
don't usually get upset I get upset when
celebrities die okay but not like I do
with Alan Rickman ah for those of you
who don't know I am a massive Harry
Potter fan you know if you haven't known
that's a Harry Potter tattoo and that is
a Harry Potter tattoo if I just show the
fuckin thing want to do it there it is I
know a lot of people were going all
Illuminati confirmed he's got the
Illuminati symbol on his wrist it's
Harry Potter I'm a gigantic Harry Potter
fan boasts both physically and literally
Heon has Harry Potter's face tattooed on
his left butt cheek
I will now it's fine it's not as bad as
you having the Witcher symbol tattooed
on your hip wasn't as good was it no
yours was better mine is way better I'm
covering the camera I'm too upset come
on Clara shit I really am genuinely
upset and it took me hours to start this
vlog uh because Alan Rickman you know
massive fan out he affected a lot of
people and I'm really gonna miss him so
that that's what I'm gonna say on Alan
Rickman I'm very upset people are asking
about it I'm genuinely very upset about
Alan Rickman dying for those of you who
don't know he was Professor Snape and
Harry Potter so rest in peace and sucks
so today is what Thursday Thursday
today's Thursday and today I'm getting
me some new clothes because I'm going to
our Lando Florida for the Royal Rumble
next month and I need something
this take away I got sharpen so any
reason I'm not calling the vlog bad
nobody will watch you're gonna skip
right over it it's called pickle boy go
shopping well let's get this started a
sergeant I'm not talking to bridge in a
more like it
let's get this doors they started so
right now we're at the mall oh my god
that raspberry I can't even do the intro
at the mall without giving me candles
take that we're at the mall to get me
some shirts because I'm going to Orlando
Florida I think next week for the Royal
Rumble and bridges taken forever Oh
Michael I kind of think I want pink
sands this smells very good come on do
you smell this one I don't okay it's
great
it really is actually oh that smells so
good
I thought we heard look for shirts we
call them actually scared me no sir she
didn't break it trying hmm so this one
you know what you do you realize how
awkward it is to walk this it's pretty
awkward yeah it's like how many people
in there just now
took one look at me you're like holy I
think I'm done working out oh hell no
I'm going overtime on okay oh god honey
they're all I like those two need to hit
the gym sorry okay I was done for the
day is all that guy so one of the things
that Mia bridge you like to do when
we're in public when we see lots of
people around I'll pretend like I'm
yelling I won't be yelling but if
somebody looks over they'll just think
it like do it now and do now somebody in
the vicinity knows I'm not yelling but
somebody over there's what the fuck is
that guy's problem or if you love cars
like who shoes are out fuck thanks buddy
okay
see one day some you come on the back
say nothing that's a that's funny
at least I'll get it on video okay
Bridget
give me a favor oh my gosh Carl all bye
buddy he's a clone I had to wear okay so
sweet though is he's being adorable okay
uh quad I need to look at this stuff
okay buddy
fuck you bad she's scared you officer
what that was
yeah you too yeah good girl
they are so cute okay guys these are my
clothes okay
really I don't care man okay do me a
favor for Jenny don't film the logos I
don't want everyone to know I shot the
fat guys door uh-huh I do this store has
the best freakin clothes though I had a
shop at the Excel because I'm a fat ass
and so I had to get fat ass for real
funny
I heard you give bad ass haha both
behind you my god I'm not lying I got -
not to mention Bridget talk shit about
my face bragging oh so she gives me this
shit about your face let's get Michael
face cleaning by the way this is for
women it is for when they had a mini
version okay so rather than show you
what's inside here let's do a fashion
show sorry the scream pissed me huh
you're so rude
haha firms
Oh
Oh fucked up Bridget Bridget what was
right or not
ah Wow I'd burn am I doing this right
yes wash y'all off your face though I
know I knew it
make sure you get that pimple really
come on you okay got my eye oh my god
what'd that mean it means you might go
blind no problem serious that stuff is
very bad I can tell you're funny a lot
yeah I'm lying or bad actors I know I'm
horrible Oh how's this shit deal with
the shit you had this is for a super dry
skin like yours fucking two foamies abs
fucking up on the shave your damn beer
then no no you said like this no
bullshit oh I give it oh yeah you're so
dumb
that's how you do it already yeah you're
dumb what burns that bumble my face well
is probably attacking okay come on dude
sure any reason you got to film me using
fucking female cleaning products in my
face Oh get under your eyes and eyelids
to bail there we good yes can you stop
filming uh cause I'm embarrassed why are
you embarrassed
don't be able to see me cleaning my face
like that you're adorable thank you
I don't touch the camera because I'm
fucking up just go so I don't go
covering hardest thing
I know it's always in a fucking way yeah
wise always gotta be the one taking
voice like why can't you do this ever
done with it why didn't I just move it
in and put it back right like what is
with you I don't know
good well that's gonna be it for today
you guys thanks for watching not a very
good day ah it was a good day it was a
good day it was a great day I'm
referring to Alan Rickman because of
that it's now you know I've been sad a
lot of the time I didn't know him
personally I mean it's not like you know
a family member died or something but
you know Alan Rickman was awesome dude
he was great Harry Potter he was great
in Galaxy Quest he was great dice a dog
won dogma it was great die hard the
movie that launched his career you know
he was just an amazing actor and he's
gonna be missed and you know my
condolences go out to his family hey you
know he was a really good person so I'm
gonna get out of here thanks for
watching you guys
my face looks worse somehow I don't
think it does I think glassy cheeks
because of this stuff you got on me I
think it why
the sky favorite plumbing everything
rejoice about maybe more don't move and
I won't
as from trying boys on one more time
