what's going on you guys get behind a
camera here Bridget west not here
Bridget is upstairs asleep because I'm
starting this vlog off at two o'clock in
the morning and if you're wondering why
I'm starting the vlog off at two o'clock
in the morning it's because I asked
everybody on Twitter if they wanted me
to talk about the jake the snake'
roberts DVD on the vlog and you all said
yeah so I'm watching the jake the snake'
roberts DVD it's called the resurrection
of jake the snake' roberts it is a new
documentary that just came out today on
iTunes from GD P and he basically
rebuilds Jake the snakes career it's not
about his career it's about his life the
guy was addicted to drugs he couldn't
walk and DDP with DDP yoga helped
rebuild him so the movie just ended ah
first of all it's amazing what a what a
moving moving story as somebody who
lives in a family that have suffered
from addiction problems in the past
including myself I fight addiction and a
lot of people don't really consider it
but food is very much an addiction and
that's my addiction uh uh and you guys
you know people addicted to drugs and
alcohol and I've had that in my family
and to see jake the snake' roberts what
he went from to where he is now it's
just amazing to see because the guy was
horribly addicted you know if you know
his history you would know how bad he
was and how bad it got and through DDP
yoga and Diamond Dallas Page they were
able to take him and rebuild him to go
from a drug addict an alcoholic
Black Label AK listed from the Deborah
we2 being inducted into the DOE w/e Hall
of Fame what a triumphant story if you
get the time check it out thanks to
boogie2988 for telling me about it to
tell me to check it out
I've been waiting for it for a while
anyway because I'm watching the progress
and I've been seeing as it's been
happening so what a great way I got to
go to bed it's four o'clock in the
morning but I wanted to take the moment
to say just how good that documentary
was this is it right here if you get the
time check it out it's really good if
you got family that battle through
addiction problems you're it's really
going to be something you're going to
want to see if you're a wrestling fan
and you love Jake the snake Roberts it's
something you're gonna want to see it's
just really good
yes so buddy I film her just being good
every time I put the camera she just
goes apeshit
I know hey you big girl give me that
thanks Bella oh gosh but oh you guys
back away whoa we cool Bella oh my god
she was that well dizzy she wants
nothing more than anything
Oh Bella is insane
Belle you're crazy Oh Clyde don't mess
with oh that's your ball is your person
say it again already
oh my god he's always it's been a day
it's only been a days Iraqi boy are you
so he claimed to have to go do something
to shed oh my god I'm coming over dude
this is good I'm just gonna be good
thank you Matt if you tell me I'm coming
over dude
all right dad
you made a bet with me it was a big
mistake cuz you're getting your hair cut
oh okay cut it out I cut it out why are
you still recording can we not get
dressed and leave let's go what is this
come on he's gonna stop smoking by the
time we get there right here yeah look
out he's got a freshman you zoom he's
been freaking chain-smoking you glasses
like a three hours oh my God look is hey
Doge my pretty little dog hey dude you
don't even know how I see ya my god√∂
have no idea I'm smoking does you add a
kitchen huh I should walk out there and
be like hey Mike was out there in the
front yard yo God do it see what suni
does see I think Michaels here oh that's
genius
hey what's up you guys it was a pot I'm
nervous I'm nervous
for what nervous about what oh you ain't
been smoking all right nice goddamn bit
damn dude
proud of you good day hey that's
tomorrow you got one more day
oh you smoking up on Tron and big day
right do in front of me
oh man who's your hand it wasn't shaking
a minute ago you seem pretty steady
right yeah okay you leave now I was
hoping like a pop and catch yeah I guess
I did yeah you catch me bitch I enjoy no
smoking over that thousand dollars do
you smell smoke dude
a does a burn pile behind me you look
okay what do you choose me up who's my
hands are they messing with a damn word
the fur ball yeah I gots muttering hey
what are you saying
he's pretty obvious what are you trying
to goddamn say to me I think you smokin
I think I'm not you see Esther get my
hand no no I bet if I look around your
yard I'll finally be at the goddamn Doge
everywhere man
the jig is up what you're busted I ain't
been busted dude I was filming for right
here I felt like I was not smoking I was
smoking was not
oh no a kid yeah I got ya
you not get me Oh busted why I'm not
buddy
cuz I got ya buddy oh yeah give us out
and I'll never give me you guys broke
you later you'll be $1,000
you gotta you're heavier goddamn money
give me my money you already show you
so is that digital video then did ice
photo shot out of here you enhance that
shit and make me look like I'm smokin
you could we we bought it I guess you
don't goddamn matter no it doesn't
matter
go home now go ahead that's the same
thing I had I ain't under that's a lie
that's a different packing you know it
dude what's even funnier dead what I can
Karen Joyce shit bullshit man you're
welcome I played your booth
you know give you $1,000 you deserve
that
this is what you get for turning your
own father I thought we were all
agreement here though man come and tell
you things you two probably on you ready
to goddamn window film it you are you
are you a snitch snitch Nick we're in
agreeance to that Charlie a snitch
snitches end up in ditches oh oh well
that what was that you were gonna do
this that dude what was it what is my
job
ah what was happening well oh I'm a
snitch huh yeah yeah new hearing laughs
last
you bitch you're a bitch snitch this
might be a Paul ha ha ha ha something ha
ha ha ha
well dad light I ain't moving is one
thing you know where but your hair
smelling like smoke no more
tomorrow is your day of reckoning
grandpa goes ball
this is so gross most you've ever got in
June you guys don't call it
