what's going on you guys kid behind a
big ball of fire in the sky bothering me
here what is this ball of fire what is
that I don't know it needs to go away I
love you guys here I like being out here
where there isn't a giant ball of fire
on this guy I don't know what this is we
can't find an angle because of the Sun
well I'll put the camera right there we
go
now I got a big thing over my face but
wait this this isn't working you there
why well I was gonna use my hands but
it's not working
yeah look once you pull this down and
take a look with me Oh Bridget that
works look a British doing here folks
Thanks you're welcome baby this is the
movie business folks hey man what's
going on you guys kid behind a camera
here vigil STI right there right here
and today is Monday and today we're
going to grandpa's I'm not I'm playing
Tomb Raider come on we got to go to die
I'm addicted
rise of the Tomb Raider I love it
Bridget's not going to Grandpa's house
today I am I'm playing Tomb Raider it's
so funny you're going like those why
these yes I'm gonna wear that off the
next several days you said it's so cute
it's beginning to look a lot like
Christmas folks can you tell yeah
finally we're going to grandpa's house
today well I'm going think I must enjoy
Tomb Raider oh my god I will you're
missing out though let's get this my
nation marvelous style I was doing this
like ready this makes no sense marvelous
marvelous Monday mark open your mouth
why don't the way ah before - what are
you doing it is a spice what I thought
it was a hole in my tooth yeah was a
spice from I don't know
ie the frozen spaghetti dinner earlier
so I was about could people see I was
talking or just you know it was just
like it was so you're like he's got a
hole in this tooth I was worried I was
worried fellas being sweet today hi
Carol your belly our our belly come on
really
hey Bella hey there okay hi Clyde
Clyde's hotspot is looking way better
folks you have no idea how much better
this looks and feels I'm so happy for
him
right Cod you bail a little bit of a
side and she says doing that we she
really wants me to just play with her
hey you want a bill no are you want that
dude I know come on all right way to pay
my light bill and give me the money I
give them a lot okay okay I told you let
me pay it online and you're saying not
let me pay online because you want to
take the money and spin a lottery no no
I like to go in there and do it myself
why is that I just do I like the type of
people nice people I like talk about I
don't believe that just give me the
goddamn money how much I don't mind
giving it to you but still I need about
680 bucks
680 that seems very well I believe it
360 so it was a lottery ticket yeah and
how do I know you're not gonna spend I
just want to pay it online dude no no
let me give you a check made out to the
day I won't do it okay I'll give you a
check made out to the light company go
check my bounce okay it won't bounce
okay see cuz you're gonna take it all
make it out of me
you're gonna take all the money's been a
lottery ticket no I'm not and you smoke
too damn much look at this I like
smoking what happened to the damn eating
I should get left off all right I got a
bat for you dad if you don't smoke until
Wednesday I'll give you the money you
need I'll give you a thousand about yeah
that's piece of cake it is a piece of
cake okay you're right to lose right now
is you use your starter kit oh you just
lost the bet already you can do these
pizzas well I don't want that all wasted
okay fine you can finish that one
Charlie if you catch him smoking I want
you to text me a picture uh-huh don't
you to let me know uh yeah dude he's
gonna tell me if you smoke
just hear your face but pins what do I
get out of it I'll buy you a lot of
reaching its 200 you buy is no reason
just maybe it work my yeah dude it's
your getting $1,000 I just want you to
smoke till Wednesday
I want a couple of days yeah well for
you that's a long time how about you
wanna smoke already even just put that
one out yo Joe Lucy your head pump it I
bet an hour of now that thing is gonna
be shaken bullshit
you or do you want to take the bet yeah
I do I'll get the bet good I'm old
I need my lottery tickets you hear that
Charlie yeah
now when I what do you get if he loses
he cuz no that's right okay you know how
you said you wanted to grow your hair
out yeah I get to shave it ha ha ha
dad's been talking about he wants to
look like he used to do what he was a
hippie and he was a gross hair out and
grow his beard out I won't shave your
beard but I will cut your hair don't
touch my goddamn beer that's my pride
and joy ok but I'll cut your hair is
shortener a board to go along I know you
do but I'm gonna shave it anyway I shave
your head and you obviously get no
lottery tickets all right I'll do it
shake on it
I know this is that with you Charlie
honest just because I'll do it
I'll give you the thousand if you bust
them smoking oh ah see hey no good now
you go maybe do it he's already doing
those boots because guys he just told me
to go smoke cigarette he did not he did
hey you're a grown-ass man hey Zoey I'm
counting on your honesty here he's
cheating already
you always cheat oh ok so he's putting
this into his lips
here are some gum some gum ain't got no
gum what about the bait bin I'm gonna
shut the fuck up
I was trying to help you on that one
yeah you were try it with cheesy you
knew you I know what you gonna do when
you read you try keep me pork me
cigarette do you go take a picture and
I'm gonna tell Michael you did you did
little purpose ok we can work together
and I'll just say that you didn't smoke
in there no all that it oh my god you
people are what the hell it is I can't
trust either fucking one of you know I
closed here no this is this is daughter
code I put it I put it on my daughter
out there oh you ain't smoking out that
honor code buddy done deal
50 stitches you know what when take him
to the yeah oh yeah a patient away look
at that little sweet little stick study
smell good done he's gonna tear the
house up a little while looking for a
cigarette so I just got back from dads
and I made the deal in our thinking on
him I know he's gonna fail the guy's
been smoking to see what sex I would
like to try to help him cut down on
smoking but that could be for later but
I just wanted to you know I thought it
would be funny oh you know I don't know
getting ready to watch some Monday Night
Raw you can't tell I'm wearing my Paul
Heyman shirt today because if you ain't
been following wrestling where are you
Paul Heyman comes back tonight speaking
of Paul Heyman his website just posted
pictures of summer-rae her first
supermodel shoot link is below check it
out I'm gonna have to check it out I'm
gonna have to explain it bridge is that
it's not like oh it's not like porn or
anything but she's in some bikini so
Bridget catches me looking at it and
she's Bridget it's a tasteful photoshoot
the link is below if you want to check
it out I hate that we can never film the
moon correctly Bridget the cut tiny it
is on this I know it's awful it's like
it's huge in the sky right now I'm that
sumed in no way yeah all the way come on
well I tried to show the mood it looks
like a freaking fingernail Jesus well
the moon did look awesome anyway that's
gonna be a fare today you guys thanks
for watching made a bet with Grandpa and
I fully expect him to lose the bet
grandpa shaving your head maybe even his
beard should I shave his beard he says
he does want me to shave his beard so he
shaved your eyebrows I can't shave out
if I shave his eyebrows he'll destroy
everything in our house I might just go
for the beard
I want to shave those brows off those
sweet little eyebrows but I know he's
gonna destroy our house and I don't want
to do that no well I'm gonna get out of
here thanks for watching you guys
Charles hasn't text me and said he's
been smoking yet so waiting on that and
it's cold look can you get my wasting my
time can you see this at all am i
imagining it is it real it's not really
here or not why there it is I saw it
thanks for watching you guys brilliant
your day of The Witcher is over wait why
are you bummed it up like et was on the
front of that place I'm freezing okay
this is et right here thanks for
watching you guys like subscribe
favorite bird your West fun on
everything Michael Green yes Miami
nubret - what about your toys for a time
and that's it so follow me and maybe
filming it I music
what it is
pushing him further in there now
you feel it Oliver knew what kind of
disease careful buddy
no put your hand in there
