warning this blog features grandpa
sticking his hands in a toilet and it's
disgusting
there's no ah excrement it's just there
what shit you yeah but not in the video
oh it's just brown water but viewer
discretion is advised because it's nasty
almost there was of all metal or so
watch this vlog at your own risk
how you doing what's going on you guys
yeah try to do without Bridgette then
one I might okay her back bridge it was
right here I would said nothing yet oh
what's going on you guys can be on an HD
video hopefully here for Joe us he are
the same the same was that me although I
hope not because I'd like off of an HD
Bridget hates HD video I'm starting to
think that it wasn't when grandpa threw
it but she might have already met you
why would I do that I would just end it
with the vlog today is Sunday and today
we're going over to angry Grandpa's
house and today we're gonna see if
grandpa hit the Mega Millions
oh man what she did it because by now
everybody knows nobody won the Powerball
what I want to see if Dad won the
Powerball just stuff just uh rabbit head
yeah yeah that's sort of like a Vince
McMahon kind of thing I wanna kiss my
ass I don't want to kiss my hours I've
Inside Man thing if you haven't seen the
video I put up yesterday yet check it
out angry grandpa I'll just say plays
the lot or if it was more like a Power
Ball meltdown yeah like he's so
delusional and I really hope he didn't
play that many tickets seriously that's
just too many I don't know I don't know
what happened I haven't talked to him
he's not answering my phone calls is not
responding by text I think he's pissed
off because he lost a lottery
oh poor grandpa I didn't win denied my
communion oh my god
that's you dad let's get this sunbae
started well how'd you do
did you win no I did you do that when
you come on you know I did of course I
know that but you were so sure of it
I'll win with you though what I'll win
win with you are you playing and
Wednesday are you did you give me a bun
we got it how do you pay the light bill
yet no I never might be Liza brazil√≠s
do it online and you don't give me money
too no I think you should suffer the
consequences I'm not be a lot of your
nephew Sun City you go to Dad's not
gonna not have lights for chop not even
for a few days not even for a few
minutes I'll take care of it I'm not
gonna give you the money to take care of
it what I'll take care of it myself
I'm fine I'll give it to you then like
many well we are they all need a mind if
I kick it for Wednesday call them to
that boy it wasn't much how much yeah
I'm not sure I wouldn't know about $320
so you went from well that's a hey
that's a big difference I am upset but
there you were Thomas within a thousand
I woulda to got everyone off guard yeah
I bet you would've won a few words in
two thousand a problem would but you
must let me sir daddy oh don't say that
daddy shit Ted
god damn man
Oh My Jesus look up fuck this is so
gross
mother you guys would got in June you
got some up a buddy toilet hey oh hey
new kid you might have that look as a
ninja girl without a head sitting in
front of it
I'm not trying to flush Ninja Turtles
really definitely an instrument a spring
ice cream oh my gosh damn something in
it yeah
game on a buggy but hair oh my gosh
motherfucker you know okay
no no turn dancing
he's got something in the net for whole
goddamn biking with God shit Wow three
shit sketch of it not you all right I do
try again
any we got 200k gonna take that go bunny
boy
may you in terminal yeah oh you sick
yeah what it is
we brought in pushing a further in there
now
you feel it tall of a new suit what kind
of disease kinda put my head in there
don't put your hand in there
one thing no solids yeah it was oh not
anymore
that's pretty gross what I do that hurts
more I gotta watch my age so what
goodbye
this ended we know how to use this day
now you would release that this is the
fucking one yeah from years ago here's
got a new one BAM oh my god I know
because this thing opened up it pinches
your hand when you doing just trying to
find her a little bit more no reason
kids should not they use this thing
but they say even a plunger you tell a
normal kid to go get a snake now I'm
sitting all right no I didn't know you
was looking forward to cleaning up shit
when you overboard so what I think Jacob
just splashed an entire roll of toilet
paper the entire thing I think you just
pissed off you didn't win the million
your ATM card for what I need money
what for copy the light bill I gave you
money for the white belt adding more
money for the car no one I gave you
light bill money dad well on anymore
oh I'm sorry uh mine Paul J except there
I'm Bob done who you go do it nah you
gotta do it just with me about son
that's my money too but we'll talk about
it tomorrow today I just want to deal
with today something funny in there dad
lay down the law you know he would have
bought so many freaking tickets you
didn't like convinced him to yesterday
hey Laurie go two more years before the
better chances our wedding yeah is that
way nobody won shit hey if someone bids
that window could have been us you guys
are going win I used this for you have
been talking a whole lot differently we
would yeah I were talking about front of
my cut
yeah well I got back my trip
yeah I was going to Osborne and why you
guys are delusional we'll just go to
Hawaii those couples just go don't waste
money on freaking lottery of course I
might play this time because that's 1.8
billion or whatever and we might win
that one you get it right look but each
other
goddamn look at this side Bridget it's
extra battle this side of his arm you
got me best toilet paper all over dad's
arm my god that's really gross
to really grab this is like my home dude
how much is this and always matter not
your money
well sorry go buddy does that mean the
microlight that you give oh you gotta be
joking otherwise we got this buy your
way tonight oh wait you're not gonna win
we're where we away we get away yeah
buddy
allah almighty ha ha ha
