what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here but to us here right there
and today is Wednesday today is
Wednesday and today marks one month
since a new Grampa passed and guys I'm
gonna be talking to you in just a second
about that just more in detail I just
wanted to acknowledge it in the intro
you know grandpa passed December 10th
and it's January 10th so one month this
doesn't get any easier I like to say
that it does but it doesn't it doesn't
get easier folks it's like whenever I
wake up I'm pretty sad but sometimes
I'll wake up Oh today's gonna be a good
day but then it just hurts it hurts and
it sucks and it'll it can last all day
so sometimes you'll see me smiling on
vlogs and it's just not reflective of
how I feel inside guys I want to talk to
you guys about one month since angry
grandpa let's do that right now let's
get this Wednesday started brot died
outside I just want to talk just a
little bit getting you know probably
gonna cry for the scene you guys so if
you are tired of seeing it you know you
can fast forward but I wanted to take a
minute to address you know my dad and
just have a moment
it's hard to you know fathom that a
month ago my life changed so
dramatically
you know dad
I used to tell you how important you
were to me I tried to make it a regular
thing we'd do a video and afterwards we
talked and I would tell him you know how
much he meant to me and how much I
appreciated everything he did and part
of me hopes that he really did get it I
hope he knows how much you really did
mean to me
because we did so much together and now
that's gone and I can't I can't begin to
process it you know like it's every day
I wake up and he's not here and it's so
hard can't believe that it's been a
month and I've been trying you guys I've
been trying you you you've seen the
videos I've been trying to smile and be
funny and it's hard when there's a piece
of your heart missing
he's just laughs that's the one thing I
missed the most is just laughing with
him you know I feel like he knew
something was coming because he told me
the story about how the best day he ever
had with his father was how they would
just get in the car and ride and said he
held onto that memory until he died how
he would just remember it and he told me
that he wanted to start riding around
with me and we did and I just think
about it and I missed I wish we could do
it again and we're never going to
dad I missed you so so much every day
every day there's a part of me that's
missing and I'm doing this YouTube thing
and I just wish I was doing it with him
and I can't we had such a bond doing
this together and now that's gone and
it's just me and I'm taking care of my
whole family and I wish he was part of
that you know something I sort of
touched on back
when he was in the hospital is a lot of
people were getting would get on my ass
because I got myself this house and I
got dad the house that he has but you
guys don't understand is we went looking
at other houses including houses like
this for that this isn't what he liked
dad was a simple little country man and
that's the kind of style that he liked
and so we got him the house that he
wanted without him realizing that was
the whole idea by being a prank he
thought he was choosing our house and we
looked at houses like this we were look
there was a house in the neighborhood I
was living in before this house and it
was $200,000 and I was like hey what
about this house Nate you fancy Mike and
I couldn't feed my I couldn't see myself
living in some shit like this and we saw
the one that he got he fell in love
obviously so I got dad the house that he
wanted and I bought it in cash this
house I'm gonna be paying on forever
something I never said though was I was
looking at another house for Father's
Day and there never got to do it that
was the plan to let him take that house
and Jennifer move into the other house
with her kids he never got to do it I
don't want to bore you guys it has been
one month since we lost our dad since we
lost grandpa it doesn't get easier
dad I love you so much I miss you so
much and I can't believe it's been a
month
doesn't feel real really doesn't it's
like everyday I feel like usually I
would wake up and I would check my text
messages and he would have sent me a
message or a voicemail and I would call
him back and it has now been a month
since I've been able to do that you know
what I mean
yeah have you been yeah it just doesn't
feel right
till then feels something seems off yeah
something a little off that mean yes
we're about me what seemed so wrong
about me so all this is a prick
no yes nothing I mean are you okay
have you been haven't really been
getting any sleep
hell I can't seem to fall asleep so I
stay up watching Glee watching Glee I
love that show it takes me back to the
days where I just want to go back and
say go back in thing
remember how you know back in school
used to sing in the chorus and how I
auditioned for I could be seen you wanna
camp I know it just couldn't no I can't
go with it anymore
well what was was taught over the hair
what why are you wearing that why am i
wearing what the wig is not a wig so
here
what I died on I want to dye my hair did
he grow too now we put clips in dude
it's our entire wig it's not a wig I
think that's one of the ways we bought
for the Shannons yeah that's what I
think well we might have gotten it I
don't come over here
that's not your hair look at her look at
her see it is boy just so are you trying
to fall
it was just shifting on your scalp like
that's not what hair does how about you
been wearing this my hair JC how long
she been wearing this wig on about a
week a week why do you want to go blonde
it's not a wig okay she's freaking
either pranking us or she's totally
snapped
I think she's snap she's snapping okay
do this I'm gonna do it to me I grab my
hair and I'm gonna try to lift up on it
okay you do the same thing know what's
going on did you know mrs. Jose Michael
know what's doing this any yeah Jay is
she okay I don't either
well your mom's hair up you do I swear
God dude yes you did
she's totally she's freakin snap Froot
Loops yes you're broke are you trying to
scare me Jennifer a wig that's not your
hey turn hello
okay those are dad's glasses we're just
asking why you're wearing a wig I don't
know why you snapped what what happened
you don't have to be a different person
you could just like change just change
and dye your hair finally look good as a
blonde by the way I'm not like
how about brown Oh white or no hair I
feel like there's something bigger
happening think you want a dressing I
don't know what that is but we're gonna
figure it out cuz you were gonna snap
dude man what happened to mom mom sorry
mom snapped
that's what happens when grief builds up
it comes out unexpectedly and in ways
that you're not prepared or adequately
like able to handle and that's not what
you need to happen you think how are you
freaking out every day come on man we
all lost that it's been one month he's
been gone for a month and it's walk
around a house and supple
that's the way I am like lately I just
been sitting down and haven't felt the
need to pick up the camera because I
could always rely on going to see dad
and filming a little bit having a good
day now it's like I don't have that
anymore that's why it's helping to do
we're doing here we're gonna have to
talk about it cuz we're all gonna snap
I'm gonna snap
I'm taking my emotions and putting it
into music you have to find something to
put your emotions into writing drawing
not freaking out was I wasn't good at
rapping until I started doing it I
started writing poetry and we're doing
poetry turned into wanting to write
music and I'm not like talented enough
to play the guitar so I was like what
can I do
oh I can download beats and like talk
through it so that's how rapping began
with me you got to find an outlet JC you
too man
you're gonna have to find like an outlet
you got your girlfriend right so if you
need to talk to her you need to talk to
her you need to talk to your mom we need
to talk to and I heard sometimes you've
been disrespectful to your mom that
stuff's not coming that's your mom okay
don't let me find out is your mom don't
deserve that
she's already having a hard enough time
walk run and waves and shit you're like
breaking this is just farted guess what
Jenny turnaround is what stinky vlog you
okay okay well you need to say that for
this close up on this one what's going
something's going on
should call my own okay you're not
holding it together well
oh honey I need a little guidance here
help me figure out what's going on with
Jennifer that's not what your heart is
that's your stomach then you better like
medical schools also like nursing okay
I'm doing it I'm older I'm scared
oh man I'm not drunk cause I don't drink
who says anything about that we brought
that up she stinks that's what they're
gonna say are you out of your leg Oh
have you taken medicine huh are you
taking your medicine yep
would you say no has she yes or no no
Jenny yeah no I haven't well that's
gonna be it for today you guys thanks
for watching
Jennifer I don't know what you're going
through but calm down okay you're acting
crazy
look it's not like look it's easy to say
don't act crazy but we're all like a
little crazy right now you don't I mean
she's snapping the sheets somehow yeah
Ju you are snapping okay guys it's hard
to believe that today marks one month a
whole month
oh my since dad's been gone it's it's
gone by so fast and then it's then it's
gonna be two months and then it's gonna
be three months and then a year and then
four years and it's just gonna it still
doesn't feel real and like I got me
sitting there editing these videos and
I'm like aw guy like tell I got a call
dad and tell him this vid was a good
video and I can't and it's I don't like
it weird I know this sucks
guys we're getting out of here thanks
for watching I want to take a minute to
tell you guys thank you so much for
being here for my whole family this
entire month you guys have been the
cornerstone for us are our emos are our
support system when we haven't had one
without you guys this has been a really
shitty month so thank you guys so much
it's already been a shitty month but
without you guys would have been even
shitty or so thank you so much like
seriously yeah you guys are just amazing
we could not have done this without him
dad would be so like enthralled and
happy and proud of all the support so
guys thank you so much we love you so
much Jennifer you know you feel like
snapping
those guys were getting out of here
thanks for watching like subscribe
favorite everything but doesn't and dad
above you
