Jesus Christ dad this is a whole bunch
of shit over the lottery 202 of us 200
times up 15 doesn't you not gonna do 200
tickets yeah yeah Jesus Christ
too hungry I got it fuck I'll do it on
me you know 200 not have to it was 3,000
oh my god I've got that you do you're
not gonna I'm not gonna let you spend
$3,000 on lottery tickets Charles help
me out here your money
mm-hmm well I'm not got it it's gonna go
so we won't with a good idea whom it all
do you not realize how hot it is in here
pretty Alice I'm freezing
are you HOT
what and what is all these on the floor
dude way to do it up let me think how
did you even look at worth or not all
screwed up look through those there
might be some good so we get the hell
out of here I'm tired of it no I'm going
there you're wrong about a good con well
let's do it well what if I'm not the
take all of them with you anyway just in
case no I'm gonna do it dude you're
gonna piss me off because I know you
you're gonna say they did just eking
distorts me shit up my house I'll take
care of you go wrong Yogi's you ought to
listen you live but not you when I can
have right no yes fortune yeah yeah you
I know you may you may get a hundred
dollars or something Bridget if we win
800 I'm gonna give that four hundred
million it's all five okay yeah well
after taxes you how I get like a hundred
million that's time who's lazy has went
down a lot of mm-hmm
that's that was you I did that yeah you
did
leave this one dad are you lazy ass
it'll work it'll read no won't let it
throw it away it in you got to do the
rest of it that one ain't done yet
boy you've on you buddy you're Bob all
right check your ass here catch boom
boom boom the boy you let all those you
through I'm just showing you that that I
done
big fish like your mom you do I get half
if you win I'm gonna think about it
are you serious okay you were right he
doesn't get half yeah no I did we talked
about it then we'll talk what you
getting half a mile if I win that's five
we were in a movie with them but I have
no in the movie with Nicolas Cage and
the woman yeah it can happen to you yeah
cannot happen that's not what I really
don't like on a movie it's about a
battle of watery he gives the waitress
as a lottery turns out about our lottery
with a win I'm going now
you even kill me lottery you're gonna
win is when I send you another country
to get stoned to death
yeah yeah remember through the lottery
yes I was I was looking at the minute
guys try to pair up the bitches named
Janice Dickinson her so I that dude come
on how many how much is this seriously
all these aren't even done he doesn't
eat mah I'll give him five and take them
I'm going to for 200 dude I've had
enough of this you're so you're going to
go to the righteous a 200 quick back
yeah and what are you gonna pay you guys
you got three thousand in cash cuz they
only take cash uh I got close to it
stupid
I got two anyway I'll get $2,000 so
you're gonna say $2,000 a quick fix
yeah you had a problem nobody does
nobody else remember dad's gambling
problem here I do - yeah I never had
again Matt he used to go to Pappy's and
drink and play slot machines this is
just as bad
I want to there was even one point maybe
you lost it right after you want I love
church one day and a jolly church went
150 hundred bugs in my bad church I I
didn't put no way to collect played
either oh my god you know why it better
when he plays plate because preacher
Haynes's off I can't say ah because the
preacher preaches ain't no TV never take
yo gotten money tryin weren't kiddin
sake yet but he would take the church
money to build houses for his family
course Ameri needs to go to this one
this one place whatever they had they
had a slot machines for the kids to like
you did sit there make the peanut butter
and jelly sandwiches and had toys and
stuff and bring your kids like your
lovely press it
play this one a little Rob go pay your
bills for you everything you stay here
play you stay up late I'm gonna pay you
later
remember that one time you fuck it took
me and Kim there was to place over my
max way by the money minutes exactly
where this place what is the way they
used to feed now you're a good jeweler
shit so we dad left us in the back of
the truck for like four hours it brought
us out like McDonald's like every odd
please food no somebody brought us
drinks a booth and when you I bet dad
did you remember us hey Charlie you
wants to feed your kids oh yeah he would
take me so you have an alibi no what do
you tell momma
we were fished in a stove that's amazing
don't got thick here by somebody else in
Circuit City no yo yo need y'all get the
bar he did the bar money from people we
spend the whole paycheck or damn lottery
is that what time it is for yep well you
do what time you gotta get those tickets
done Oh about 7:00 yeah my burnt my
beans
they smell burgers followed burn you
know why come on gimme gimme give you a
hint
you know why they burnt no cuz you sat
over there three hours filling out
lottery tickets see how Bartley's
motherfuckers I'll show me the bottom of
that pot oh my god please Bridget this
is because of water this is because he
was too busy with lottery tickets yeah
didn't I have you get of water yeah and
you didn't I did I start it that was
like an hour ago though do you know
about 15 days ago
no you it may feel like 15 minutes cuz
you were having a blast playing a game
but time flew
goddamn Potter way you can fit you know
dad and tired of your rudeness I'll
freaking fill I know there's probably a
way to fix it dude
sure what's the one on these pork rinds
I made up
you fried up pork rinds yeah great board
no I need to miss my ticket so I don't
have souls on the spot a guy delivered
you gotta be joking dude
hey I'm joined him God gives me all the
back is this did you go to like
construction sites and shit like oh my
god anybody's window very long and did
one of Porsche games I don't feel all
bad there were 20 bags on him and he saw
fry up you know chicken sandwiches and
sausage dogs and have sodas and snicker
bars and stuff the job was stealing
blame on us oh yeah you should still
have the back of dad's damn atoms cooler
and blame it on us and dad sake who get
us a soda
god that's with depo ver there don't get
a soda it up like it you're like you're
like you're smiling knowing that you're
the thief he yeah that all along I was
the one stealing the food I know you
were a let's play joke that now okay
I'll laugh it up about it
what he just makes me laugh how you
doing
how would you leave I gotta go I want to
stay here so you can't leave I'm with
that I'm just going to be here
I'm not guarantee if I stay here long
enough you won't go get your tickets
done I've got to get my cake is done
Michael
cuz go win I think I got a win okay what
are the odds you think you're gonna win
1 out of 5 yeah but what you know how
much are you but you're when I'm talking
they say you got more of a chance of
dying on the way to the store then you
do a win no more kids died why didn't I
goddamn care you could running your
mouth to me that's gonna be a pretty day
you guys thanks for watching I was gonna
not have an intro to the video it was
going to fade out with dad seems a fuck
Charles up oh whatever was he said uh
and then I started rendering
the video the lottery video that is now
on the main channel not this video if
you want to see it the link is below
it'll also be at the end of this video
and I noticed the quality was shit like
this vlog the reason the quality is so
bad in this video and the other video is
because the beginning of the video you
know what if you notice there's no intro
you don't see me walking into the house
it just sort of cuts in one dad filling
out his lottery tickets so the the video
began I was walking in Dad's house
Bridgette was filming me and he
immediately got pissed off knocked the
camera at her bridges hand and erased
everything on the SD card and it screwed
up the settings on the camera and it
reverted everything back to the original
factory settings making this shit
quality what you see so what are you
making in altro to tell you guys about
it let you guys know that I'm aware of
it I'm gonna fix it and this sucks and
dad spent a lot of money on lottery
tickets it's a gambling problem that's
gonna be it for today you guys thanks
for watching if you want to see the
video it's gonna be popping up on your
screen in just a minute thanks for
watching you guys like subscribe
favorite under under click like if
you're happy bridge it wasn't in the Al
Jarreau
do not click there oh good a cupid cupid
you be clicking we got a tough walk
weight of 600 baht if you've got out by
