what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here virtualized here a little
more enthusiasm please Bridge OST oh she
got pranked ah
got ya ya are wondering why this vlog is
starting off in the dark it's not just
the intro is because I wanted to take
the intro to tell you got you let me
talk I wanted to do the intro to let you
guys know do not drink Windex yeah it's
very dangerous
I won't you be so cynical
you got pranked you pranked me up I just
wanted to do this intro as a warned a
word of warning if you want to drink
Windex don't do it and if you don't do
the prank that I pull on Bridget make
sure you do like I did and thoroughly
clean out the Windex bother because if
it's not clean you can get sick do not
get them want anybody getting sick so do
not try the prank that I pulled on
Bridget today without safely and
securely cleaning your windows bottle
get a new bottle completely put a Windex
bottle let go over it whatever you got
to do if you want to do this and put
Powerade in the bottle I prank Bridget
making her think I drank Windex yep
why are you so upset you prank me all
the time and I'm done either tonight one
of these last night yeah you still have
something like the freezer I know I just
saw the wrapper it was so cute
I saw the rapper so cute it was cute
yes it was adorable what does cute
what's coupon a 20 year old man eating
friggin ice cream what is that I don't
know I just find you so cute all but I
just like look at old people like eating
at McDonald's like oh dude actually I do
I have a warm spot for old people except
my dad I know not your dad usually
doesn't act like a typical old person so
I'm not lying
obviously her she doesn't put up with
all the guy effusion huh is this a diet
please okay let me get some of the smart
one I can't resist it Jimmy I just need
to get some of these smart ones one can
watch my weight for the new yellow
somebody buy that for their life
significant other we get like a
chocolate fish and you know I've had
ones before I actually taste like fish
her delivery weeks you must go to the
small intestines
I am the Frog Prince they are so soft I
don't think I have going far let me win
so you sooner be dead mr. Garrison's
boyfriend shoves a hamster up his ass
and I guess the Frog was showed up his
ass since I was a bird oh my god a
hamster has to travel his way through
the guys I asked
he'll never wings lemmiwinks yeah
reminds you the frog from The Witcher
all song prints on the south part so
right now to put all the Windex and out
you're gonna get a good and clean I'm
gonna put it in the dishwasher this
thing is not gonna have any wind exit so
I just spent about 45 minutes cleaning
this thing clean this i boiled it I did
a whole lot hopefully it's the whole
liquid I was fucked up from oil by the
way now that filled up the Howard
so I'm gonna tell Bridget then I'm
taking the Windex challenge warning do
not dress with its challenge eight three
loans may get out do not drink Windex
cuz this is powering the clock record is
fifteen point six seconds so I got a
beat that you need you even cleanly
windows do you this hasn't been used yet
so I don't really use Windex why don't
we buy it because I sometimes use it
okay today I don't want you let us feel
them do this huh
you guys have been asking me to do it
you've been begging me to do it so today
pickle boy not only takes the Windex
challenge but he beats it I'm gonna
drink the whole thing in less than 15
seconds
what okay mate
I'm going to take all I won no you don't
drink Windex
what are you the Windex challenge what
do you clear like a bunch of windows you
drink when do you drink Bridget wait you
don't read the internet do you make Oh
somebody wants you to do the Windex
challenge or something they want you to
die Bridget it's one you can drink it if
you drink it really fast
none of the poison like activates or
something it's fine hey did you just
record please okay I can't start the
timer until wait so you drink it I'm
drinking the whole fucking thing of
Windex Bridget and I gotta try to beat
it in 15 cycle what know what don't know
what was don't drink it why because it
can kill you when that's he kill you
absolutely ready you're fucking with me
how would you do yourself a favor and
Google to win next challenge you have my
phone I can't join after work Jesus
Christ I just want to do this ready okay
come on Michael no stop module business
are you kidding me right now
do you like you're trolling me this dude
okay Michael stop it okay puppet thanks
a lot I'm not gonna beat the record down
Thanks
you're like trying to kill yourself or
something Jeffrey's gone I even won it's
the Winx challenge now I never heard of
it
what's that pow 5:26
I lost the record oh poor you you get to
live well thanks to Bridget I failed the
Windex challenge yeah you're freaking
welcome you're welcome though hmm huh go
upstairs for me real quick give me that
pillow off the bed I really need to lay
my head on something Michael
I'm fine Bridget are you you didn't
really look fine don't feel good I'll be
fine
why are you recording this dude because
you want to freaking commit suicide I do
not want to commit we wanna commit
suicide ooh you get that dad it's a
Windex challenge you're supposed to
drink an entire bottle of Windex in the
quickest amount of time the winner gets
Internet glory right now the quickest
time is 15 seconds that guy's still
alive I think so I don't know what's
going on I don't know if it's the wind
back check another one
no do you know stop
where is my phone Michael where is it
wait how did you call that away quick oh
oh you got called away I whatever one
where did you put it
I don't it's uh let's go let's go to the
hospital right right now come on wait no
joking I'm joking
oh are you gonna don't cry I'm sorry I'm
sorry it's freaking Powerade are you
crying Oh doesn't your face no come on
what I drink Windex
I don't know yeah it's a joke is that
Windex bridges Powerade Hey look
yes it's Powerade I gotta get a
thumbnail mmm that is my decks oh come
on now that's Windex Hey yeah that's
mine are you serious mm-hmm
go cute again is buried down with you
did do next oh you know what died
just drink it good sterling I gotta get
it I gotta get the thumbnail oh gosh
quick that done Mel I think it was well
that's gonna be it for today you guys
thanks for watching
got Bridget
I was fun you know it was funny okay it
was funny but like don't prank me you
were crying I didn't get there was a
part with you was in tears crying I
stopped recording out of respect because
I'm not a complete monster no you're a
monster
you're a monster I thought you're trying
to kill yourself why would that be I
said I was doing a challenge I wasn't
implying I was gonna do that like I
really thought somebody told you drink
when Dex as a challenge but you actually
could be suicide what you really thought
that listen you guys you're kind of not
dumb to me do not drink Windex ever
under any circumstances it's very Frank
like just don't even do it got her let's
get out of here you guys thanks for
watching like subscribe favorite on
everything don't follow her she got
right
hey know him he's Kyle you're hurting me
shame on me for knowing
don't dude okay dude we'll find it I was
recording
I'll find out who took office but I was
recording good on the booty you camera
what you know it camera walk no I'll
trust you dude
I got it
