what's going on you guys Kip be on a
camera here fragilis yeah you'll break
his he'll be sick right there yeah
you're laughing is making me mad and so
stop I hate it and so your dad's life in
hell you hate my lab sometimes I hate it
this time I didn't hate it I hate it as
it was in my ear whatever it is uh hey
guys she's gone I'm gonna do the intro
without her completely no cuz I'm right
here and I'd have been cool I'm not even
trying to be in some time recording
what's going on you guys yeah today is
Wednesday and today are you trying to no
no that was you
oh how about freaking we will go this
morning that's one of the farm that was
you
you aren't in the room it must have been
me oh you ain't making me mad now you're
gonna state stop it right oh my god but
right now hey today is Wednesday and
today we're going to the vet today I'm
breaking up with Bridget today bridges
had wrasse fire what I don't like you my
friends that was a threat yeah
today is Wednesday and today that's it
stop laughing here really smell so let's
get this Wednesday started you guys
ready
who's getting it I'm not moving the baby
gates you're trying to do
oh jeez ah oh my god
you guys excited when did you got shit
back there look awful okay you guys
stink Oh Clyde fellas messing with stuff
purchase look I know when we have 61 62
points you you too I'm sorry sorry lick
his brush it telling you right Donald I
just let her in here okay brought the
chair with it she's wrapped recorder on
the chair how do you find a face here
what isn't just a nook yet all right
let's unwind it there there we go you
guys have a great evening
you too
Oh filming this so that's cute like I
have to film those she's thirsty it's
just a little cup here is water I think
she drank earlier that was so nice to
you so do it
all we have to clean the mess up
definitely yes sir
done thank you
yes sir
come on dude what it okay I can't use
any of it why because to ruin the price
I can't tell you guys what it is but I
told you guys you click like if you
wanted me to do a prank that I've been
thinking of you guys overwhelmingly I
think it has like 20,000 likes so I got
to do the prank I'm one that I was just
on the phone with a guy getting
everything set up can't tell you what
the prank gets cuz it'll ruin it but
grandpa's getting got ya real God must
you have ruined the moment with that
come on I'm really excited
there's or no other you know no you know
no other way to express happiness but
screaming well I feel good get more same
way awesome awesome Wow
stop the screaming stuff I'm not doing
the prank now oh okay fine don't do it
don't do it then all you gotta do is say
awesome smile and that's it awesome
thank you well that's gonna be a fur
layer you guys I know you can hear me
because it's windy it's freezing as I
say it's cold when I'm pretty sure
saying it's cold kind of goes
hand-in-hand with saying that it's
freezing but it's windy it's cold feels
like winter and I'm getting out of here
and I'm excited I'm anything is cold
we're getting grandpa folks yeah grandpa
get it got oh god yeah click like you're
excited grandpa's getting got looks like
you see your ass click like you're
excited to a grandpa getting pranked I
look like if you want bridge to get
pranked okay you screamed in my ear
I'm sorry nobody cares like okay that's
just a little too much I was gonna
thinks we'll get murdered I'm getting
out of here thanks for watching you
can't you don't know thanks for watching
you guys you push me I gotta tell
everyone something a lot of people
thought I caused you fat well yesterday
in the vol you did
I didn't you say I look so fat yeah you
said I said off camera she said Oh got
the fattest thing she's ever seen her
whole life she
even sang Michael Greene the Butterbean
the baddest thing I've ever seen and I
cried
she didn't I like that it was fun she
didn't say that she said I look so bad I
thought she said fat I even made her
swear her mom's life and afterlife say
swear on your mom's life in an afterlife
you just say I look so fat Charles I'm
an afterlife I did not say you look back
you're always going to hell for this
I think why are you fat you said I look
fat no fine are not fat I'm five
you better be you're rubbing my stomach
when you say this I bless you like
you're not fat I'm wearing a McDonald's
shirt and you're rubbing my belly I'm
getting out of here like this is crime
favorite fun on everything don't you
know you want to follow me that duffle
hey knock your glasses why don't you
just kick me I did it Oh
my good friend Michael what your lip
buzzing eating food I move toward a
goldfish
