what's going on you guys kid behind a
camera here for just here right there
and today is Tuesday
throwback Tuesday I haven't agreed to do
that yet I did good for you today okay
oh my god last week or the way I
remember when I did it but I did my
recreation of Bridget's story
humiliating her about when she thought
she was dying on pills and she was
embarrassed and I agreed I haven't
agreed to humiliate myself by telling my
most embarrassing story it's more it's
way more embarrassing than no no yours
pretty embarrassed I had a natural cause
panic attack no more you are discussing
this and you I haven't agreed your I
can't say what it is you're not gonna
say what the story is because I got not
okay I gotta say because you're still
gonna do it oh god I got a humiliating
story to tell you guys I would hate to
be you right now like one oh that's the
past
all right I'm gonna tell that's gonna be
tonight i'mma tell humiliating story
about the time that I was at the mall
and I wanted to wear a shirt oh man just
wait did you say your panic attack was
by natural causes I'm pretty sure your
head creating some bullshit natural
causes life of a hypochondriac I'm the
biggest I know you're a big hike aren't
really the same except I might be worse
right now I'm not telling the story you
gotta tell it well one of bridges
Christmas presents finally came in it's
a tad bit late but I got it for a new
copy cup Oh
this coffee cups pretty special first
when you batteries Michael what what is
doing this why are you taking daddies of
the Ghost Box become any batteries for
the cup okay we don't have batteries
that's how shit works when you need
batteries you take it out of something
that has better ah you're a old burning
family trick I do it too
first let me break this Michael no I got
this cup for Bridget I went to
WrestleMania xxx
it means so much to me because you
picked it out first
maybe shirt bends it out it's fine what
is on there okay ready budget no you got
to put something in it I mean I don't
drink coffee or use Keurig put a green
tea in it no I've got to be coffee
is this supposed to do something like
isn't coffee supposed to be coming out
of this yes why is it dead it will I
think sure because all I click work
quicker than this oh my god Michael this
is getting too long
Michael just just leave the room what's
happening I'll film the coolness here we
go Oh a little over full here huh
I guess with a poor chart business out
perfect now the next step is sugar oh my
god what oh my god
why so so much sugar would you fuck off
now it's time for a little bit of milk
now Ben check it out no supposed to do
something here we go
that's very very cool admittedly it's
not as epic as the picture made it look
I think it's so very cool no good well
that's some bullshit right there they
made it look like it was a fucking
whirlwind I would press it this kind of
sucked
ha ha ha I kill dumbest with spoon ha ha
my biggest fan of certain Heather
Boushey much I'm sorry there's a
thousand we got coordinate oh it's
something it's coming Pistons I look at
it more I feel like you'd be like an
off-brand one is that's how its snoring
I bet it's still not even stirred
oh the service spoon yeah I really need
it up okay
come on I just cleaned the kitchen oh
you mean it
okay well piece of junk
no it's cool I still like it the sauce
it counts
well I wasn't thinking very much check
it is out Bridget
God your addiction is insane what
addiction Siri crazy yeah one minute
we had the ps3 was a video game for it
when are you gonna play manhunt as soon
as I beat Harry Potter oh so true oh
come on man hunt isn't that long it's
pretty long I want you to go back to pay
three hello lovelies don't even open yet
I gotta open yeah your addiction is
crazy
Oh Bridget Bridget la new are oh okay I
don't want to do the story virgin you
want me to find your shirt I'm gonna
okay let me just feel you guys than what
I'm doing the story starts with the fact
that back in the day I would wear shirts
under my shirts there were like three
Tice's three sizes smaller than the
shirt that I actually wear so I looked
thinner so part one of the story is
finding a shirt that doesn't fit me for
your amusement get that brown one where
this yeah oh come on it was that I big a
large to medium Oh City the better
I gotta wear I'm sure with this doggone
it yeah Bridget don't tell me putting
the shirt on
okay hold on I gotta see this I'm dying
oh oh oh
these a faith than you are
that's one big dog so this was the plan
I would wear shirts like this where my
stomach would hang out like this okay
come on dude
good diggin off ODU I'm trying oh my god
don't film it ah the reason I'd take
that shirt off cuz I know you're filming
hmm is because a happy like a gray shirt
underneath it oh good damn come on dude
damn things go away the Heisenberg face
never happy that come on dude oh my god
I love you like really bad hey can we
not tell the story of Manny give it
sorry
so we're at the mall and I go to hot
topic and I see a Rage Against the
Machine shirt and I have to have it it's
the battle of Los Angeles t-shirt with
the guy holding his fist in the air and
I had to have the shirt so I buy it and
I tell everybody I'll be right back I'm
going to the car I'm putting this shirt
on right now so I run to the parking lot
run to the frickin van you could have
come with me that's not thought you were
do walk closer with me okay
you you're gonna be freaking be stupid
I'm not gonna do the vlog so I'm gonna
do this blog come on Berta this is the
same so I go to the van
and I look around I don't see anybody so
I'm like okay cool I'm putting on my
Rage Against the Machine shirt here's me
my rage against machine shirt and I feel
happy now put on the shirt and I look
over there's a car here's the van here's
a car I'm here
so he's directly about what the cooker
is and this guy is sitting in his car
watching me laughing his ass off taking
pictures with his cell phone
oh god I didn't ask all you wanted yeah
could you blame him so I look over the
guys laughing his ass off the guys
taking pictures of me I'm humiliated at
this point what did you do you already
know what I did I go to his car and I
asked me if he could delete the photo
haha oh yeah I did oh how many do say it
more efficient oh yeah I think I'm
laughing and I just took off and I ran
into the hall what is your run
come on mid dog are you happy yeah I'm
thoroughly humiliated here I was oh my
soul
Karma's still mad at you anyway I had to
have my undershirt on a guy saw it was
taking pictures I asked you to delete it
he started taking more like cried and I
took off are you happy that is
now can you believe it pick what's the
max no it's cold air finally I know
that's gonna be a fair day you guys
thanks for watching I'm embarrassed I
think you're really cute though it's
more embarrassing that they saw me in
the shunter shirt look cuz for some
reason for a while I won't do it anymore
but for a while I thought this makes me
slimmer so I put on a super-tight shirt
you're somebody you're kidding everybody
saw me on that why are you happy I'm a
little more satisfied yeah but he's
still such an asshole for that well
wherever you are sir
you don't care you don't care he might
still laughs and Oshea a picture that
guy man he was talking on the phone -
it's like he was talking to a friend and
you got to see this shit what if he
starts posting it now well then I want
to get out of here thanks for watching
you guys whoever he thanks for watching
you guys like subscribe favorite if I
don't everything for Jonas and that's it
yes
I ripped the fuse out I feel it fall I
do
