what's going on you guys get me on a
camera here vigil st yeah right there
and today is freezing and today cuz i'm
28 tonight and today i'm gonna keep
making you say something i need to go to
grandpa's and today look and today today
we're going to be going to grandpa's
house today we're going to watch a
Monday Night Raw
I'm waiting all week for it you know
honest to god I have to I'm excited for
us you'll really never hear that come on
in my mouth again
but last week was really good I'm
enjoying wrestling lately yeah it's been
good so clear up camera if you haven't
seen it I put up a new video yesterday
where grandpa was playing pool
and he broke a pool steak if you want to
see it it's the first rage of 2016 click
the link over my face that one it's the
only one wait no Lee cries look for
those that have been asking the reason I
didn't upload a year in review for 2015
is because we recorded it on this little
mother fucker right here and the SD card
malfunction and we lost all the footage
so much work down the drain so I didn't
do a year in review next year I have
been thinking about getting grandpa
to read hate comments so if you want to
see that click the like button and I'll
get grandpa to read some of your hate
ain't gonna like the first rage of 2016
if you want to see it the link is below
and I just noticed my face looks like
crap my lip is busted if you can't tell
I got a bump here oh I look fucked up oh
my god even using moisturizer to
actually yes
wants us to be embarrassed yes
moisturize I think your face looks
really good
come on lazy do any kid know I'll see
the comment if again
one lazy Oh God
you don't eat gives no shit oh god Phil
Menard is hey maybe you should walk out
and do it he'll probably come then there
you go we're gonna dad's oh okay oh god
poor cly's got himself another hot spot
Lia that it looks bad were taken to the
vet tomorrow we already took him to the
vet once they gave them some stuff they
want to see how it turns out told us to
wipe it with this stuff you had to shave
it if you can't tell for buddy one of
the bad things about being an English
Bulldog I'm so sorry
God it's gonna open any day I'm so sorry
card hey Bella
you don't care no she wants that oh that
was lucky she got so lucky not to get
hot spots and stuff no she's like has
almost no issues oh god I feel so bad
for me it's very heartbreaking and
horribly sad you know dad just don't
seem that safe oh you're way cuter could
you please come look at this
no no dude oh you got busted your ass
please move it oh my god you're not
gonna do it what if it backfires into it
don't do it I'm doing pretty oh you have
to stop dad
d are you happy that you have a
fireplace now you can warm yourself up
instead of the stove like well I for my
effort your is out what you doing
grandpa warms his ass up by the fire he
put freaking uh stuff in there it also
smells like chemical it is not normal
what you along yet I just got here
that's not ago you know you keep meat
leaving your room like that dad then
you're gonna open it up for making it a
freakin comedy club or something
what are you what are you doing where's
wrong with you nothing
so come on I can't even come under your
hat come over your house anymore
what I can't come over your house
anymore that you start shit you see what
you want
I just want to chill like that what do
you mean gonna fit in that thing I'm
sure you can't I'll bet I can sit on it
I've ever had up your ass Bridget fuck
this little crowd of your ass the laugh
at you y'all go glad you lose God cheers
say damn you know okay rude he was hot I
know it isn't hate fire are you cold
you're cold
watch out dad funk you what I do for you
what I'll do it for you
what does that mean oh you'll plug your
help not on Jesus Christ so I can do it
go ahead I'll here's you I dare you
here if you have huh you got you laughs
all right dad I'm gonna do it go ahead I
dare you
all right are you I ripped the fuse out
I knew it yeah no squabbles bullshit
here Kenny on there you chew it I
believe state your how the fuck you
don't be other Patel wrong with you I
posed wooden block back accepted Tom go
that was I think I was good I was not
even scared you hear me going over duck
shit just got back Bell looks guilty
about something what do you do Bella
what does she do was it no no I remember
glass being Mary for oh that's what it
is
okay yeah I was on the couch hahahaha
Belva any time we catch Belen something
she does that fella we know about this
is you know what I'm just going on she
couldn't get into it looks like oh my
god oh that was really cute
Bella's chocolates me you can have that
where the hell did she get frickin
that's from like a freaking Christmas
stocking
maybe she win the closet oh yeah hold on
yep she went into the closet hold it out
what is that noise ladies trying to
sneeze I think he needs a winter outfit
well that's gonna be a fair today you
guys thanks for watching prank grandpa
what I did if you couldn't tell is I
took the fuse out of an artillery shell
and I made him think I was putting the
artillery shell on the fireplace and
when the fuse started lighting he
flipped out it was amazing I was ever I
loved it no it's very funny a look of
fear I really need to seriously go I
know like really trust me I've been
thinking on a plan click like if you
want to prank gangs Grandpop got a
really good plan click like if you want
me to do it
I don't like it me too I'm liking with
kid behind the camera and angry grandpa
show yeah that's gonna be a fair today
you guys thanks for watching like
subscribe favorite are you cold
I can't even I'm freezing you're not
even wearing shit yeah I know my feet
are freezing right now oh my god do you
think I say that this year I know once
January hits it gets cold whatever hey
I'll take it
me too oh yeah he makes walking you guys
like subscribe favorite following on
everything for just and that's it what
is that no Michel Jourdain go on bitch
Oh
okay
