that's tip yeah she's a freaking game of
pool give it up yet but what up fuckin
broken chick who broke it pays best we
just go back inside for a few minutes
dad I'll play my dolls hey baby
take your holiday change persephone
table you screw it up it'll be years
then good luck even at the event of
Brooklyn do you have a brush for the
pool table dad I got it
Abner sort of passive she's hard
tennessee fat are you are you this
pissed because you locks it in the pool
i'm going back man dude just talk for a
minute
how'd you find out cigarette oh look
who's back hey you see it dude so you're
not even talk to me
he's melt you want to talk do you want
to talk oh my god you're holding a
freaking axe dude you want to blow
something up what's up with the table in
your dad did you break it I know I
didn't what are you talking to try to
say you're trying to say I did it at
freaking Thanksgiving I did not I'm sick
of it dude
dude oh my god you're gonna cut your
foot off you better go
okay I'm gonna go dude hop it up Bob
what does that mean
do would you stop it please I got a
frottage man I tell it's real slow shot
yeah I know you need to practice we all
just saw that geez uh I'm gonna make the
white one in reason why are you even
playing with him dude that's what just
happened oh yeah help them so where's
the top off job man
you got a weak shot is that why you're
saying you lost cuz a child could all be
cheated he did how they cheat dude good
roses to my skipper something what how
do you know what that even means dude
gosh I assure you I did not oh oh what
yeah what yeah I pissed all over him oh
damn dad's getting mean green now yeah
right on there okay mr. Minnesota Jim so
mr. Minnesota what is that ah dude whoo
boy he said his sack on the table you
see that he said I want it yo dude I
called that i called that shot did yeah
you did desperate money ran out that
wasn't a pisser hey my friend he's done
dude
he's given up not showing you some moves
hey uses a jump right happy DJ come back
next time break some more oh shit
look it's a freakin damn the creep
sidewalk sidewalks are for kids
let's shake a paw pine yeah oh nice
hold on it come warm about a stove yeah
give me a biscuit
whoo oh yeah you want I just took it out
stupid and so how you feel about losing
charlie Eugene he didn't cheat okay so
tell me what he did he got a table read
table knows when I'm shooting that makes
no sense
honey sense hey Bo hey here's a question
what you were saying that that's
actually not your that's Jennifer zone
of Jenny's oh I thought was your dog no
I dogs Jenny I love them though I gotta
let you know oh yeah we had to getting
warm though that not anyone just over
there so I brought him over here okay
see I thought it was your yeah I wonder
why you you're so sweet
you may end I'm not going back home you
go silicon Ostia you protested how do I
cheat at boom I hit I didn't do anything
to have you are you not even cuter
I really feel better now me and Jason
we're using that same stick before you
get out here I know and I'm glad to see
each other just a bit and you have your
stick heat up it all good get off sit
right down that goddamn town I don't
know
yeah you go you learn that you don't
cheat for me you gotta get up okay
that's not bad
oh yeah what are you guys like nuts up
who get you cheated and you want to
admit it so all of us I love defeat Yugi
I don't say it's just funny you know
until you I'm sorry I just can't play
gasps airplay that's what I know dirt is
bullshit I cannot put you to do do yeah
yeah I would put you $1 football we can
do that I'll believe bottle football we
can do that and then you lure your pride
but you actually fold you stick with me
you were holding that stick the whole
time that was you know eg you should not
get all this right yeah but I get up I'm
never courting shut up it's not
recording turn it off I'm telling you
mate I've seen your cameras around what
you just got some crazy stuff around
I'll see what she can put on a stick
Sonia what are you saying that he did
oil all the chips would slip on rapists
it ball did you do that oh poor stop but
it's too like you see now because they
are broken on hell it you know you lose
your ball I do don't talk about Justin
is that you know your buddy on hold it
can't be there from you so that's the
high and oh now you go Jimmy other
people and you brought the chalk out
there and everything now you tell me how
to goddamn play pool I'm three pointers
you gotta tell you how cordial you 21
huh
no no hey what hey John 21 what are you
talking about yeah was read on 2160 366
all right so I had a couple years that's
me
22 I know what I'm about fools 6
oh yeah getting all shudder done ok
James says exactly bring your green yeah
you said 21 that's 63 you're a hairy 46
me 1 2 3 D piece of shit all right
all the way to pool game you cheat well
that's where I got a do then fuck it
yeah cheater hit by any means necessary
and then for one back oh you just
confirmed it for now and as will believe
it yeah now it's God
yes yeah I guess before now I know yeah
this is getting more nerves man your
Tama because I got all you know I just I
just out numbers and I call that last
one can I hear your mouth and he called
a call that a pitch John O'Shea I'm not
I'm gonna grow it like you you but just
don't really got any a monkey that yeah
well whatever
I don't know say that I'm gonna I guess
I came out of a monkey's ass oh yeah you
did came from a monkey was great I'm
gonna eat ya was it yeah that's hoping
you were monkey monkey I'm not yeah that
was that was yeah yeah you will laugh
you gonna take that with you
okay what do you it is awesome cheetah
wha I want to go yes it's little Oh cuz
I didn't bring it up shut up I will not
bring it up no more Jesus
hey I'm senior citizen give me my damn
discount I can yeah I can see I said I'm
sorry kid no me mate I don't live in it
sometimes yes you have senior moments so
you just broke a pool stick cause you
thought he was cheating yeah you know
what's that posted on that was a good
posting micro bacio is advantage you
look what my god what was that damn I
got it from the goal was that bar used
to hang out as a kid oh you go girl got
him garbage pile no I remember you
showed me a while back you're some kind
of something so together with tape no it
wasn't it was a good stick that was a
good thing I'm not about the damn pool
okay I'm done with it now y'all got my
stomach hurt I was like 120 heart state
oh you so full of shit your eyes
Valentini probate Bobby six seven bucks
and fucking don't pick it up whenever
okay take a look oh cool
tours 1/4 which is when 4 o'clock in
everyone
Oh
