what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here vigil s here right there and
today is New Year's Eve Happy New Year's
Eve everyone I'm putting this vlog up
early because today we're going to
grandpa's house for a New Year's Eve
party and that's gonna be really late
into the night so I'm not going to open
up a vlog tonight so I'm doing a vlog
before the party now that you go you're
probably what you're watching it now in
the part I can't I
this is an early vlog if you haven't
seen the vlog we put up yesterday we
pranked Bridgette was it cool it was
very cool no way we prank Bridgette
grandpa got himself a new dog if you
haven't seen it click the link below and
while Bridgette was meeting grandpa's
new dog we told her we were gonna cook
it 2015 was a great year we broke a
million subscribers on the main channel
we broke a million subscribers on kid
behind a camera I could this none of
this is possible without you guys thank
you so much for everything you do for us
thank you for giving us such an amazing
2015 I hope you guys stick around for
2016 great year we're gonna go ahead and
get this day started into the Year style
oh I'm gonna miss 2015 it's just a year
Bridgette nice when you're done I'm
really gonna miss it though why I don't
know why you guys own this oh my god I
want to see if you choke on it
the last pillow 2016 on my Trotta
it's not 2016 yet Michael 2050 no go
ahead
got it it's horrible man in case you're
wondering I saw people asking uh what is
it about pills
I just can't swallow them it'll get
stuck in my throat you happy filmed it
lasts till 2015
now you got a go in the night no it'll
be after midnight Oh
senior-most I'm doing
Oh
oh this oh my god
what is this sound' crowd come on oh my
god good bad season she's gonna flip I'm
showing him no I'm stopping please get
out of here
fine
what is okay you happy yeah it looks
good dude
why do you want to show this stuff oh my
god I don't I don't bother you I can't
do things like please okay you got your
laugh I don't want I don't want this is
why this is up man yours top blue or the
arena please they be fine my next goal
is to get more something the roof why
yeah it's got a roof right cool like a
run shit have ladder matches oh my god
gotta get out this is how I have fun
this is how I have fun
I'm telling grandpa please don't do that
hey mom I won't go no yours eat now why
because I know you gonna tell him
fine I'm not going here then I won't
tell Oh No Bridget's not going to
grandpa's New Year's Eve that hurts me
even the cameraman come on dude No 30
days 30 G's oh my god he's going for
this
I hurt you oh yeah no I am I always
chasing you forget this camera it's so
epic even the camera laughed at you what
does that mean now come on dude
I'm embarrassed why are you laughing
right now it's hilarious I spent a lot
of time you had freaking aah
no come on like audience tell me I gotta
have the audience that was very funny
those so funny
no it was not oh my god it looks good
it's cute it's just it's it's too much
man how old are you hey yeah guy on one
have an imagination I know I'm just
kidding it's very funny you believe it
no no this is definitely so the last
vlog of 2015 I got to be humiliating yes
I'm not keeping any of the footage you
got Bridget yeah you are it's
embarrassing
it's moto fun I like Plainville
wrestling action figures man it's fun
yeah the sound effects
okay the sound of face thanks for
watching you guys
mm-hmm no yeah no thanks for watching
you guys
these are laughing out of you guys like
subscribe favorite fun everything but
just and thank you guys for an amazing
2015 thank you
