what's going on you guys kid behind a
camera here vigil STI right there and
today is Tuesday I bet my mouth want to
show you today is Tuesday and if you're
wondering why I'm starting the vlog on
Tuesday it's because Bridget and I are
on our way to hauls Chop House on King
Street downtown Charleston to meet a
couple of friends for dinner don't do it
it was already a dog freaking out next
door that's not well okay mine wasn't
that loud to be fair hauls Chop House is
the place we went on Mother's Day and
that place is just amazing it's amazing
seriously if you Bob if you've never
been to Hall's Chop House check out
Hall's Chop House because they are
absolutely fans they are my favorite
restaurant it's your favorite restaurant
so we're going to haul Chop House to
have the best meal of our life and we're
gonna go meet a couple of friends and
one of the friend doesn't want to be
filmed but the other one does and he is
a chef so he's gonna be checking out
Hall's Chop House as a chef as somebody
who knows food cuz I know he's gonna
love it
dude you're gonna love Hall's Chop House
I think I hope I imagine oh you don't
anyway forget all this it's time to get
this Tuesday / Wednesday started
pause Chop House style you need to put
on pants hmm okay Bridget just took some
of her medicine and she's starting to
think she's hopping you're not having
another panic attack Bridget I'm scared
we're to my own freaking mind
Bridget if this was a cranberry song it
would be zombie piss in your head
see your head zombie zombie
whose pill my god I can't really see you
Bridget
I can if I do this I just give you 1/3
light going there we go so wait look at
the camera we are at hall's Chop House
and when it was that week I'd like a
bacon steak because yeah it was very
good now I got no more bacon steak and I
don't eat seafood so I'm snacking on the
grass yeah I don't need super so this is
my dinner now so Bridget got this
ribeye your bison bison I got a burger
I'm classless it's at least Oh
what kind of beep is that you tell me we
pass the white
national stuff right there as the ham
selfish thing
for year last music
so we got some beat
they give those cows massages and they
sing to it and I don't know what else
they do whatever makes the cow happy
where's you got this with truffle butter
oh my god
why am i filming this I mean just be and
I got the burger what is wrong with me
so many so many things
on this thing
oh hey Bella were back sweetie
and it was a good meal huh are you done
in that bowl she's like I'll be the
judge of that
hey Claude did you miss us huh yeah
Bridget ate a steak what the hey fellas
my wrestle great I love shoes you talk
too long I'm eating stuff out of this
now you can't have that you have any of
this girl well we're about to go to bed
but we just got back from Hall's Chop
House
what a fantastic meal oh god it was so
good I gave us this bacon steak oh you
see I typically hate to eat like you
know meat fat yeah it's like the bacon
steak was really fatty and I was like I
don't know dude
this is gonna be and I ate it and it was
deluxe it melted in my mouth yeah I mean
if my steak the steak I got in melted in
my mouth click like if you want us to
bring anger grandpa to halls Chop House
and we're gonna take from there to eat
seriously you got to go to halls Chop
House if you're ever in the area go to
Hall's Chop House and if you're not in
the area send a tweet out the halls Chop
House on Twitter and thank them for
treating us like family because that's
what they did then the guy they are so
ugly they're just amazing they treat you
like family they're so seriously send
them which we thank them for treating us
so well in halls Chop House you guys
rocked the shit and I'm sorry for
cussing but that was fun delicious
oh good what is all this pop this is a
TV Bar and Grill oh my god Oh dog the
drink you've you're joking do you think
that's we just kept our what our look I
got a ginger oh my god
I don't know cash what are you doing Oh
Alex you don't cab you sort a cab how I
can't read you good you don't pay pretty
face come on this is like cheers
everybody knows my name
you do sit down ww sorry I know
everybody's got a story forget it
Bridget film from here phone for my hair
Bridget so you can film me and Dad when
I walk in I want Bridget and dad and
Jenna for audio norm ready everybody you
buddy what's up pop not like man why
aren't I got an official invitation
tomorrow yeah but what's the more your
for July for your New Year's Eve on July
New Year's Eve you said for job I have a
good job
how am I not am I not getting an invite
look at this that you've obviously set
up I know you're having a part of those
to do it up you're roasting a pig I know
you're doing you can't food dude you
were talking about a little bridges mom
she's invited she called us yeah I know
or we invite or not Bridget is and
people who don't drink oh oh you don't
want to drink not only bear if you want
the discussing taste of beer without any
the awesome side of things right drink
yeah see now you want to be a good
couple let's see what you're talking
about here I'm imagining like another
pole ship smoker does it put invisible
Joe's mother oh my god what is that
thing
I feel like this thing is gonna blow up
I got it oh my god oh my god in that
hose you'll feel it all right perfect
Oh let's cook maybe the hog is going on
eww Wow autofill is up oh my goodness
Jesus and it won't explode no it ain't
gonna goddamn explode are you sure you
want a night with all the guests that
are coming I just can't let the dogs run
loose nor the fireworks all sulwon got
boy fuck what is that you leave go alone
what dog is that that's Bo you got
another dog come here Bo hey Bo gum it
baby
yeah I got another dog are you serious
make it known - when did this happen
last week bo is his name-o Bocephus
come here buddy oh my God look hi it was
like pork chop on Honey I Shrunk the
Kids take him home
yeah I rescued him man I rescued him
he's a rescue rescue dog oh that is so
sweet of you like your losses
can I take him home no all down he was
in the house with me man sleeps it likes
me look he likes me too that we should
take him home he don't even know you
anyway I got this so they can so okay
they're going away Oh dad your dog is so
adorable whine um yeah that's nice yeah
what the hell dude the near jail I'm
pretty sure it's able to open weakly
shit oh let me warn you dad
it won't open it's Lee let go then you
let go on it
dude this Jam don't you stop it Michael
just leave her in there yeah let's just
leave him
oh yeah ow shit I didn't mean that I'm
out dude
this is something I make juggling I just
put his brother and I should do that to
you you know Hadlock about put you in it
that'd be so funny you don't bet that
Joe can't climb over the top
oh my god ah is he old no at all you
still pup please was lazy then yeah
their name is beau Bocephus beau leave
huh that's that's really touch my dog
can I go give me a ball
give me a ball give me a ball all right
come on ready
we'll see bring it back bring it baby
yeah
maybe Nepal baby yep she could take it
to Michael about she wouldn't chill him
with you Michael I'm right here oh
whatever
oh I'll commune with Jase bald cap uncle
Bridget what make her think that you got
Bocephus to cook on the grill for
tomorrow okay okay that's good idea
right good idea I think you'll cook real
good I did too
no do it right I don't we do attach yeah
I don't get too attached why I'm cooking
you wanna grill tomorrow no you're not
hey leave Ozzy he going oh you ain't
going on the grill no he's not I'm
cutting I'm cooking Bocephus Bridget we
told you we're cooking them on the grill
yeah we told you no you're not yes we
all are they gonna be delicious
we're gonna try ed you're not dad
no oh damn dog she's getting attached
already yeah dude forget about give dad
Bocephus my goddamn dog dude we gotta we
cook them if you're doing this okay Oh
your dog prescriptive getting richer
what do we just get Emma cook a dog here
Jenny yeah like that she's gonna cry
right here with the fireworks for dads
tomorrow night oh I'm excited
oh man well that's gonna be it for today
you guys thanks for watching in this
vlog we went to hauls Chop House which
was amazing oh it was amazing I mean get
you bad I pranked Bridget which was
amazing not you know what it was but you
know we're gonna cook a dog how could
you believe we would do that how could
you believe you were gonna cry I was
about to cry that I wasn't going to go
home with that little dog we were not
come on Bridget dad loves this little
dog he's so cute Oh God
look grandma hi noodle I know let's
steal our for prank but not really
coming real is why I come around the
corner
you be me give me a second to write this
wise me
