what's going on you guys kid behind a
camera here vigil st yeah right there
and today I'm wearing the same shirt
that I wore in the intro yesterday let's
be honest I saw a couple columns to set
I look good in red so I'll put it back
on come on
telling you that people like pickle it
was good and red so guess what I'm
wearing again if you haven't seen the
vlog I put up yesterday I told the story
that a lot of you click like to hear
where Bridget thought she was dying when
she took her medicine if you haven't
seen it the link is below
check it out that was embarrassing I
don't think I can top that story I don't
think today's vlog is gonna be able to
top it I'm not even gonna try
yesterday's vlog was very very funny so
I'm not trying to top that one today's
blog will not be very funny in fact it's
gonna be very dry boring terrible vlog
close it right now I didn't include it
in the vlog but yesterday Bridget's mom
was over at the house and I asked her
what she thought about Bridget's little
death freakout her little whenever it
was I asked her what she had to say this
was yesterday I didn't including the
vlog check it out
so city what what did you think when you
first walked into the house when you saw
Bridget I thought she was dead she's
looking freaking like like she had a
drug overdose or something isn't even I
didn't we talked about this
this isn't cool oh my gosh dude it oh my
it has to be low blood sugar it had no
look at Cindy's face was like blood car
Lloyd your mom thinks you crazy oh wait
I hope I get one I hope you get one I've
had a panic attack before love you
haven't yes I have I have minused
crazies you wallowing and puke and shit
but I've had a panic attack yeah
whatever when I wasn't oh that wasn't
what I was doing
I felt sick let's give this Tuesday
started let's ignore her well don't get
too comfortable Bella it's time for you
guys to get some baths she goes what did
I just agree to thanks Bella
yes that one for say you're alright this
dog was playing in the post is his
tongue hanging out
Oh call your filthy as they come ah I'm
shot I wish I was decided that you're
taking a bath yeah yeah
maybe trying to dry off now he's happy
we'll see that oh my god has a mischief
okay in fellas turn Bella tribe down
she's dead baiting me right now which
mean she's just going completely limp
like a rock cuz she knows what's about
to happen
oh my god
we reach the United States government or
move all Erica lost my shit I go to TRL
look how many hugs I get these are baby
blue baby to fitness stuff they say
Brown shady moon shady sits on the show
but Shay is cute
Janie new shady sniffles why he'll make
me swoon baby ooh big boo get myself
let's do it man if I was half I want us
all half I had to graduate from Lincoln
High School to know that but I can ran
so far school I'm too cool to go back
show me when I look at studios that no
one gave a fuck I was like no labels
more than just a shiny thing
hey pass me a thumbs up oh yeah
but says she's thinking of jumping by
just tired of life she must be tired
self and from here always on my mind
around here hey man got lots of time
round here we dance around here you
can't speak I can't film that shit dude
is so cute because how long G would you
get I guess like have a soften fuck it
is humiliating I just want to see the
camera that's it
no just you see the kid Oh can't use
average it Michael we can't use that on
the vlog yes yes we have why did you do
that you know that embarrasses I fell I
was very embarrassed yesterday that is a
different kind okay it was very funny
but you laughed at me and that's not
cool
it was sorry everyone to laugh at you
we're gonna laugh at that well I'm
begging no honey what you feeling this
what do you need for me what do you want
I'll rub your feet
I don't I don't care my feet ah what do
you want from this Hey how long was I
you were beyond allowed and you can
cream that whoever was texting you
most dad it was Kim I don't know whoever
was texting dude
when somebody text me the freaking music
stops it doesn't stop it goes lower so
it goes some like can't see nothing and
it pisses me off oh god how am I was I
you were beyond loud like you're yelling
at me now
please let me delete it no what how
about we ask every on Twitter and if
they light in favor of will squeeze this
I can't reach it I can give your hand oh
how about this I edit the bugs Oh edit
this one no you've not edit this vlog
please Bridget please this is going up
please fine how bad did I look pretty
bad oh my I'm just kidding I thought you
were very well all did you record me see
cuz I've been singing for like an hour
now you're singing this I I you know I
can't even tell you you got after you
caught me during the round here I know
that what else um I don't know you know
the thing is you told me you were gonna
do this and I did I just thought too
much time would I well I did and I'm
happy I did okay maybe if you apologize
for yesterday we don't have to use that
sorry for Wyatt yesterday for tell him
the story I shoulda done it no I don't
care about that I care that you laughed
I don't think I think it was rude of me
to laugh I think it wasn't funny and I
think generally a bad person for it are
you sincere and very sincere I'm sorry
I'm still uploading it thank you for the
apology I really needed that guys can
you talk to mom about not including that
video knowing Bella's coming out because
she Clyde stay inside if you don't want
her to include it see Clyde doesn't want
it and Bella's going back in it's a
protest
I see lazy that was sticking with mom Oh
Clyde's on my side forever
he's not gonna come to that thanks buddy
well that's gonna be a fitter net you
guys thanks for watching I'm embarrassed
by the way oh you're so cute you wanted
to go downtown later no come on
fine thank you know something please
don't preclude hit me it's gonna be
included I'm breaking you forget it if I
find her to worry about being pranked
all the time you're not gonna do a damn
thing you're something you gonna do
about it
you'll see do you really want to look
like if you want me to prank bridge and
I'm gonna pray you know I didn't I stop
pranking you because I was worried but
if you just gonna prank me all the time
anyway that I'm not worried anymore
click like you feel me to prank
Bridgette that's gonna be now that's
gonna be it for today boy like you gonna
glued it got it like subscribe favorite
that nip so I come around the corner you
be me give me a second right this oh my
god she literally said that exactly whoa
