what's going on you guys get beyond the
camera here for just here right there
and today it is freezing it is a
freezing day in December just kidding
my glasses are fogged up and so is the
kid I saw a theme Abbey in December I
gotta clean the lens can you say your
bee story in a minute well now we're in
the house because it keeps fogging up
outside so I had to come inside because
nothing says Merry Christmas even though
quick nothing says winter like high
humidity in 90 degrees it's 90 it's 85
and now we're here in the garage because
bridges mom is vacuum in the house he
offered to clean and so here I am in the
garage doing the intro but I couldn't do
outside because it was foggy and I
couldn't do inside because the now I'm
here in the garage here those dogs don't
freaking out I hate that in cleaners
today is Monday and today I'm gonna tell
you guys the story
what's Oreo what do you think what I
asked you guys last week if you wanted
to hear the story about when Bridget
took her medicine for the first time you
know like 40,000 people cellulite why
now that's enough people to say we're
telling that story so today I'm gonna
tell you the story by the time Bridget
the time last week when Bridget took her
medicine and thought she was dying and
I'm talking about we went to the
hospital folks I'm talking about Bridget
thought her life was over
I'm telling you guys that story tonight
and to make it more impactful because so
many you guys wanted to see it we're
gonna reenact it no bridge is gonna
reenact it personal no I'm not that I
will know ladies and gentlemen pickleboy
as Bridget today when i reenact this
video and that's it that's all we're
doing folks I'm gonna tell you guys that
story because you guys wanted to hear it
tonight
Bridget thought she was gonna die let's
get this Monday started
a lifestyle you make me fall over
Bridget look how neat look everything is
here Wow
somebody did the did their job good Wow
a store that's actually clean and it
doesn't smell like Vegas are we not in
Walmart anymore it's looks like oh
thanks dude say the fruits exit yeah it
does smell like that over here well this
is nice and clean
yeah the Walmart fruit section smells
like fart goes off to have a good time
yup shrill did you know that what you
have to take your clothes off to have a
good time
I didn't know what yeah it's like for
instance earlier today I was playing the
video game that was just the second I
got completely naked
was a good timing yeah so that's the
only way to have a good time
well it's time to tell you guys the
story from the other night last week
when Bridget first took her medicine she
took two prednisone and one amoxicillin
and this happened now here's what I'm
gonna do is first I'll tell you a short
version of the story and then I'm gonna
start reenacting this you can really
feel it know what he can really
understand what happened so Bridget was
looking at the pills that we had to take
and she saw that she had to take two
prednisone and she didn't think that was
right that they messed up and gave us
the wrong directions
ozone is a hide oh it is not it is it's
normal
so she's staring at the bottle I don't
know what if what would happen if I get
sick taking this and I'm telling her
you're gonna be fine they face a lawsuit
if you may if they mess up and kill you
you're gonna be fine
maybe I use the wrong words by saying
kill you so here's what happened next
Bridget comes outside and starts
psyching herself out
get close Bridget let's be cinematic
about this okay Oh God
why do you enjoy this so here's what it
was like Bridge is sitting out here I
think I really should have taken I
should have taken two she doesn't smoke
like that I should have taken two I
think good lord
I'll pretend to be smoking something's
not right
haha
something's not right my face is hot
Michael I don't do this no more doing it
no this is what happens next
I'm sitting on the computer so perch
upholds this number right cool bye eagle
okay my face is off
hahaha I don't know what the fuck's
going on so I'm going with what's wrong
are you okay
so I don't know what the hell happened
what's happening but should i call 9-1-1
she so between this part of the story I
get lost in the mix I'm over there
wondering if I should actually call mine
when one or not
so I come around the corner you be me
give me a second
ready this is what I see her oh my god
no I'm dying my guy she literally said
that exact quote what is now at this
point now at this point I took the
medicine to I think something is wrong
cuz I don't know so here I am
oh shit I'm trying to make myself you
gonna say and I can't can't beat myself
though I'm like numidia Bridget
meanwhile she's shitting and run head
yeah you did after five minutes now I'm
thinking I'm fucking calling 911
I pulled out my phone Bridget does this
right here just like this oh so she's
like this at this point I died 9 1 and
then I hear there's a knock at the door
it's Cindy
Bridget's mom so I rush to the door see
it Cindy Cindy Walton is it too dark to
see me
yes anyway Cindy sees Brigid laying on
the floor ok I had to come in here
because it's too dark to film in there
but here's the general idea of what
happens next there's a knock at the door
if Cindy I'm about to call 9-1-1 I
opened the door Cindy sees Brigid laying
on the floor like Elvis what the hell is
happening she's laying right there in
between the door and the frickin living
room and she's asleep
or whatever she's Cindy runs over oh my
baby
just figure of me I'm telling I'm trying
to but you knocked on the door so
instead of calling 9-1-1 me and Cindy
help Bridgette into the car and take her
to the hospital now getting her the car
the dogs like you're not gonna die
Bridgette you're fine listen long story
short we get to the hospital bridges got
puke all over so she's got shit in her
pants my eyes are puffy and swollen and
red and red and we get there and they
look at her they've already got her
hooked up to everything ma'am you're
having a panic attack breathe through
your nose
and read a lot she's telling the doctors
what they don't know this is not a panic
attack I can't breathe my heart's racing
ma'am we have your pulse hooked up your
pulse is 60 your pulse is as good as
it's gonna get
your new hearts not racing you're having
a panic attack very nice out loud so you
can read something to yourself so you
can get over it Bridgette reads some
bullshit they gave her and she's fine
we went home she cleaned up the puke
from the bathroom don't upload this I'm
uploading it so here's what happened
Bridget took her medicine psyched
herself out because she thought it was
too much had a panic attack
puked shit her pants and made me think I
was going to die so I started puking all
of the time that I'm supposed to be
uploading a video so if you notice the
video that I uploaded unable grandpa
taking care of me was supposed to go up
at 4 o'clock it actually went up at 8
o'clock why because of this one thinking
she was gonna die end of story
no more medicine for Bridget I don't
know why I walk out of the room but it
felt natural so how do you feel it's
embarrassing well of course it's
embarrassing you thought you were dying
Mia shit your pants and you puked all
over the bathroom and to be fair a nurse
told me that my sugar could have dropped
so when a bridges friend's mom is a
nurse and she told her which one in here
a registered nurse she told you what you
weren't here you're fine okay you had a
panic attack I think it was Bo it was
Bob you had a panic attack
dude the second you were saying about
something because of something the
second you were told to read that thing
out loud you were fine when the doctor
said you're fine bridgie goes oh I'm
fine I'm gonna get out of here you guys
happy it was close enough I wasn't gonna
reenact the story when I asked you guys
if you wanted to hear it over 40
thousand of you clicked like I had to go
big for cuz you had to see it click like
if you enjoyed the story click like if
you laughed click like if you hate
Bridget click liked it it was funny it
wasn't funny at the time to me but
afterwards I laughed my god I was gonna
cut anyway thanks for watching you guys
like subscribe favorite it was laughing
this one Hodgkin kitty i what are you
doing
you might whether you want a snap on
this to you Merry Christmas
