what's going on you guys get behind a
camera here purchased here and today is
Sunday and it is Sunday morning early I
don't remember the last moment of this
early I know why are you up so early
because I went to sleep right after
putting the vlog up last night that is
so funny if you haven't seen the vlog
from yesterday what you probably haven't
because YouTube's broken / I put it up
at like 3 o'clock in the morning if you
haven't seen it check out the link is
below it's one of my favorites in awhile
I really enjoyed the vlog you haven't
seen it check it out stop this one watch
it
we'll wait why haven't you pause it yet
posits you've seen yesterday yet you
can't continue hey welcome to the day
now that was yesterday this is now we're
still here and if you didn't pause it
we're waiting again hey we're back so
I'm glad you guys pause I'm glad you
liked yesterday now today is Sunday and
today I've had enough I've had it
enough is enough yes this is it
this is the day this is it this is the
day we're getting our bed fixed ah must
you let me hold my hand over my mouth
while I finish the intro so we're fixing
our bed well Jamie Jennifer's boyfriend
fiance is fixing the bed we're just
gonna sit around and kind of watch yeah
we don't know what we're doing so we got
him to do it today it's Sunday and today
pick a boys have enough Bridge OS had
enough we've all had enough well it's
time we start getting this room ready
cuz we're getting our bed fixed today if
you didn't see yesterday's vlog this is
the new TV so we got a new TV time to
get the bed fixed first I got to clean
up this gigantic mess from the TV I
don't know if you can see it
I just noticed this grandpa when he was
here broke my freaking blinds look at
this unbelievable this had to happen
when he came over to take care of me and
this is what it looks like now I gotta
get everything fixed this is where the
rooms at right now it's not perfect you
just really
like this I just installed I just
installed this headset I don't you can
really see it but so if I'm watching the
TV at night where Bridget's trying to
sleep I can still watch TV as you can
see I'm actually using a Playstation 3
up here because we got the ps4 we got an
Xbox one but there's a ton of games on
ps3 that we could still play that aren't
on ps4 so we decided to bring a ps3 up
here so that's what we're doing
hey Johnny hey buddy you just like a
fireman sup Jake up sup jakey you
playing video game this is what our
generation looks like folks the next
generation anyway what hey Johnny
hey Jimmy hey Jake up isay smile at you
five you're crazy
hell of a number and I should mean I
stood on the damn thing I was jumping
cuz dad had a chainsaw yeah I saw the
video
sheesh that was a hell thing to wake up
to yeah ain't no shit and I snapped
these boards good dude yeah
Lulu got one board oh that may have
survived it I don't know maybe a couple
my baby's things that he's figuring
whereabouts your braces went to oh what
the hell oh those are the fake roses I
see where have those been my first
cousin area I saw that one yeah like
this house is infested thank god they're
fake cuz it a sword or was assort it was
a fake knife I think a prank brush with
nothing all we do is prank
okay that's my system now
shit I'm trying to get thumbnail running
everything I'm trying here Thunder will
he work Karen pretending to be a worker
I'm working on the bed while Jamie's
behind me I don't even know it was like
before SummerSlam it's something like
that
since August yeah yeah how shameful is
that that we could attribute moments to
our life to wrestling baby's not mums
it's like I'll just say this month you
know it was a little bit for TLC yeah
it's wrestling that's how I know that's
how my calendar works that's like wow we
got January February March
I got Royal Rumble Fastlane Russell
mania okay we are at Lowe's or Home
Depot which is okay Lowe's I'd think
about to what I'm too blunt
dad dad happened to the point they'll
see the first time was my toy room right
he decided to store all my wrestling
stuff was toward the blinds the second
time was last week he came over to take
care of me and somehow tore the blinds
up I don't remember a happening really
that's how it takes better one in your
room I just grabbed this just because I
saw it I'm not gonna use it anytime soon
but I figure you know sometime in the
next year I could like use it as a Frank
that would be a very good great for sale
sorry dad I put up the house up for sale
God people click like you think I should
do that oh yeah I think I'm clicking
like personally and I'm sure glad you
know what you're looking for cuz I'd
have probably gotten that right they are
courier we could whittle it down with a
knife I don't even know
I've done stuff like that like that so
we actually just had to upgrade the
buggy to this thing yeah and it's even
harder to maneuver yes it is you gotta
be someone I think it may have to have a
license maybe I think it went on sale I
think you did too
what's your name man hey my name is Tim
Blake Eamonn and I like to say hey
thanks for everything you do a lot of
Marines across overseas and abroad man
well yo sure we watch it all the time
and we everybody getting back into it
again back home again so we watching it
a lot so I appreciate what you do from a
free I presume cheating man chat you
know thank you dude okay so just yo yeah
look for scissors do some over here
scissors
Bridget says what the hell's going on
here oh hello hey grandpa we're fixing
the bed finally you get raised again was
that mean it had been did know he can
fix it anybody can raise the Dennis
James what you doing here what's up God
Joe Torre answer that come over well
this will you did it hi I know you did
this you definitely broke our bad
literally I broke the bed but it
happened because I am or moving my mood
or things do you think really helpful
yeah I'll get a focus for watch them
okay you can't pretty get ready to dip
Oh sort of God can no no you might have
a chance of this one
you got any brick block tonight here
no you need blocks up the holders shit
together your now you gonna break it
again I'm just getting over here give me
another bad days on out oh god help
that's why I'm trying to die it right
now for ya
he's lost weight oh look behind you bud
alright go to the truck JC there's a
piece of wood just like this you know
Bridget remember I told you the diet
saboteur yeah talked to him earlier
which make for dinner I made a knife
roast with plenty of gravy and potatoes
in it and onion and carrots oh and then
a slice and some beans don't even listen
to my bread man homemade bread now
there's Bridget what is my favorite meal
well he's a damn it diet flesh under
that me gay he didn't go John come to
yell stop dude I just want my bag fixed
like sweet girl power
yeah the place we bring on a pallet
Holly what does number yeah by giving me
I'll G to get my money back
he's ruining Christmas hi real good he's
ruining our day now that's what I'm
talking about all of the progress we
made a Christmas he raced one we bought
extra you need after Michael time to
leave I just did he won't
oh my god
okay I wanna go you're charging him
others could you be better right here
you do that right
what's that you gonna become at that
dude again you know dad if I can call
you that
hey I enjoyed it I love you maybe you
are yeah put it right in there get into
it I told you
put it in antipodean y'all of deals that
yeah maybe I'll give this name middle
and got no damn hole buy that one cuz
that's wasted on what it's way to design
just put screw it all right don't sing a
song for you leave oh you run yoga why
because you're not anyway helping the
able this you only tell me he's got fine
fine you got it I got it I got this do
it you do that you can you go you can't
do that yeah yeah yeah if you go dig way
down deep I just walk up now me then get
the hell out of here yeah we least I got
something to grab hey you're here
I'm bad but I got it from Papa not you
and then you give them that stain you
present shut the door behind it getting
that a you gotta leave that stain then
you peel it will lose vanish your
mattress get the hell out oh yeah let's
talk about your mattress I should do now
he's around now I know it that's all
right just day oh my god I don't care
why can't you leave please go haha
fiction you get that uneven odds it up
you did when you came over here Turk
army you gotta go
what are you doing yeah doing fine
go dude you I've had enough I'm leavin
ever again woo alright
look I love you all right
what's a shudder do not know our
relationship by now is a hail of I'll
load the hay go by yeah screw you go by
all the one that's over there good bring
it over here my happy is that TV what
I'm bringing that TV thank you 65 feet
yeah J 65 feet I got a IMAX screen in my
bedroom
did you hear that do it really 6550 65
inches do you see fun feet they see ya J
welcome to the IMAX of North Charleston
only we got an IMAX no more No thank you
very much Jay well looks good man
all right okay that's it put everything
on the office
let's bro epic pushing alright Jimmy how
you think it'd be jumping here - on it
Oh what are you doing how did it fuck
your bit I'm gonna do that
are you gonna save it a little good yeah
definitely go ahead oh I feel sturdy so
you think if your grandpa comes in with
chainsaw you be yeah okay what that
happens whiny J again you a cute little
outfit Jamie you do you mean Jimmy oh
well here we go folks it's been a while
don't do it
cops can worse oh god you systemic all
the not know me there
the bed is back the bed is back in town
it's a hard to believe it's been so long
but here it is and we got this TV with
the ps3 going ooh
things are looking up guys room again
wow I'm excited to go to sleep I know me
too I'm doing the outer on part of the
bed that's gonna be a brave guys thanks
for watching let's cuddle is the outro
time so grandpa came over men feel like
shit Jamie helped us fix the bed so
thank you for that Jamie thank you and
thanks for watching thank you for
watching that's gonna be it for today
you guys next week we're gonna have a
New Year's party with anger grandpa he's
gonna be roasting a pig that sounds
interesting I surprised they make a joke
like I'm the roasting of like
subscribe favorite song and everything
for Joy's match three mounts win that
amount
I wanted icon and make it is what we
catch Oh baby
why I want it I want the money
