what's going on you guys kicked me on a
camera here for us here right there and
today is Saturday and today it's 11
o'clock at night and up you're wondering
why I would start off my vlog at 11
o'clock at night I'm not I actually
started the vlog early but the reason
I'm doing the intro at 11 o'clock at
night is because grandpa stood me up
grandpa called me in bridgid earlier and
said he wanted to come hang out with us
wanted us to meet him at a steak house
and we were going to go out to dinner
and maybe go look at a couple of stores
together
my intentions were to have the intro
start with grandpa but he stood us up we
didn't get to do that so the vlog starts
in the parking lot waiting for grandpa
sucks I know let's get this Saturday
started earlier today so I don't know if
you can see me or not
how long have been waiting for him
for like 30 minutes you know dad
what if he's not coming come on this is
always the play the movies were over
there he stood us up the last time yeah
every time we come into this area
grandpa stands us up and he does on
purpose
it's gonna get too late miles we'll get
some shopping done I know right what is
that what does Pier one Imports oh it's
a store you're gonna hate so we're right
over here by Logan's and grandpa is
nowhere to be seen how do you like
Logan's I'll just go and you know for
him dude I don't like that place either
well if he stands us up let's not go to
look now course not he stood us up we're
gonna freakin go some closer to the
house there's no I don't know I don't
know if I like anything in this area I
know there's a police a police is got it
let's go back it was coaching Olive
Garden there's a lot of places Olive
Garden your favorite restaurant
hey where are you where are you at you
told us to come meet you at it the
freaking snake plays
oh okay you couldn't tell is that let's
just go have fun I feel like I was set
up
I feel like purchasing you to send me to
Pier one Imports or something all of
this it's a cookie jar
wait you filming this you know this is
the girliest store that you like okay
okay I really shocked like I didn't
think you'd want to be in here you're
actually finding things well I really
liked to who is the name of this place
pier 1 imports it is for chicks yeah by
the way look at this cookie jar it's a
cookie jar in a chalkboard oh my god
that's so funny like I can put oatmeal
raisin that'd be cool that is really
living chess I hear you before I was at
a fork my god
was this an ethyl worst 40 but then does
he look practical that's not a fork
okay was it a key it's a bottle opener
how's that go forward flip it over
oh okay do only without looking at this
what is for sale this apron so you can
come to Pier one Imports and get an
apron look they're selling the mannequin
oh my god no there nothing in it
wrenching mannequin oh my god that is so
funny well they put a pier 1 imports
apron on it that is hilarious
I'm more interested in the apron hey
Bridget Michael can't do that
you're cheating we're using a potato
chips yeah
oh my god potato chip Oh Mike look at
this guy is that is that I think you
Raph it's a decoration thing looks like
like Jeffery from Toys R Us like you
joined like a Sith Lord and went to the
dark side hey this forget Toys R Us come
to Pier one Imports that's funny what's
going on you guys giraffe bounty camera
here seriously where's a look at this
potato chip look doesn't it look like
potato chips it's definitely with the
potato chips Oh $10 a string what are
you serious with that yeah so how much
is this entire thing record like a
thousand dollars kick it over okay
Bridget if you're just looking at this
part right here bond or lamp is please
don't worry cuz I don't know pay a
thousand dollars fix you oh man oh my
god the faces
my god wait for the bomb I know right
Jesus and for those asking no I don't
smoke
oh I'm never touching the thing yeah I
felt like I was gonna break oh my god
that is creepy
hey Michael this is what I can use to
see your day okay yeah I can see why I'm
holding back are you feeling me can
magnify yo does it look weird it works
yeah try it with me it's just so good
Steve sugar you're gonna hate this video
talk you're not you're not using this
say something say bridge us here did you
guys hear
oh you look horrible like this what's
going on you guys keep you up oh my god
I'll give you a knowing orange I want to
buy this thing just a news get it on Ian
kidding around what's going on you guys
so pull the camera hey awesome
crazy eye by visualize here oh my god
funny oh my god she we gotta get those
right now we're at Belk that's not him
us all right yep where's the Sears help
what Belk and we are looking for channel
so I found this goofy and though it
smells very good she we walked in the
door and she bought this I didn't even
get time to vlog we walked in she bought
the perfume and now here we are so right
now we're looking for the channel
perfume I know it's you know cheery
we got to find Ben cilinders entire
family works here at Belk Oh would you
do the movie I'd freak out and shit my
pants Oh God
so died excuse me Keaton were the
channel product liners oh they says the
right over here what was slender named
his daughter Lauda swell de slow I think
slow no Sophie thanks oh well I got
Brigitte and Xbox one for Christmas
cells time to hook it up so let's do
this unboxing time fellas curious about
what it is you ready to see it Bella
she's a little freaked out by it okay
special controller check that out that's
very nice
well you see that no no it's not a toy
okay look at that that is nice that is a
pretty nice Xbox right there you guys so
we got a plugged in this is a nice Xbox
dude and now we start setting it up cool
having an Xbox in a while well well the
Xbox one installs updates and gets ready
for everything downstairs
we got something new to put upstairs we
got this on sale at Best Buy ladies and
gentlemen the day after Christmas is the
day to get a TV don't get it for
Christmas ask for the day after you that
what yeah what the hell oh my god this
is what the other TV dispensed yeah this
is like paper this is crazy
oh my god oh sorry the party I know oh
my god it's so thin oh my god where's
the stand right here
well TV is now installing updates
upstairs and bridges playing the Xbox
downstairs Oh what's going on about huh
oh she's I'm ready for my close-up mr.
pickle boy how about you right now
Brigitte is playing rise of the Tomb
Raider it is an Xbox one exclusive until
next year and Bella is licking on a
plate I don't know what was on that well
you can't have this okay
oh she's licking her chops looking at it
sorry Bella okay let's see how it looks
right when you walk into the room wow
this is so cool so let's get everybody
an idea of how big it is I'll use the
biggest thing that you guys in tell me
so this is how big the TV is big TV so
yeah it's pretty pretty damn big
what I want to look like down there this
is the view from our floor where we
sleep made a little feet here's the bit
TV this is sick
well that's gonna be it for today you
guys Wow grandpa stood us up got a new
TV hooked up the Xbox one Oh had a
really good day how did you date with
Bridget don't let her know that I'm
right here and I heard it he spoiled me
today it was a good day though it was
really good too thanks for watching you
guys hope you had a good day if you
haven't seen our Christmas video where
they pranked me link is below it's also
gonna be the outseam to this video and
you haven't seen the Christmas video
that link just blow as well
I got yeah I'm talking about the
Christmas vlog dogs are going crazy
let's get out of here like this
five favorite following on everything
rejoice
that's it make I said this that's over
oh my god I fire it what we get through
though
I think you should get huh Wow
