what's going on you guys kid behind the
camera here and first and foremost
Bridget west not here and this time I'm
not joking around she's upstairs or but
we've been fighting go figure we're
fighting on Christmas Eve let me just
get it out of the way
the reason the vlog is titled the worst
Christmas Eve ever are horrible
Christmas Eve or whatever is because
this has been a horrible Christmas Eve
so Bridget and I have been working on a
prank
Franco grandpa for about a week now but
we just found out today that we lost
like the most important element of the
prank so we had to leave to go to the
mall the mall was packed couldn't get to
it we had to go through some extreme
links to secure some of this stuff for
the a and it was frustrating and we were
fighting and I was yelling and she's mad
and now I think she wants to cancel
Christmas and I don't know what's going
it's been horrible on top of that I
found out one of my packages that I
ordered for presents blu-rays and some
Witcher stuff for Bridget mm-hmm what a
great thing um got delivered to it
another address and I didn't find out
are they and it's like I honestly feel
like this is the medication that I'm
taking for the cough I think there's
something I don't know what's going on
but I've been crying today I've been
trying to bridget has been talking to me
for the past four hours so now we're not
talking I don't know what's going on so
this has been the worst Thanksgiving
I've ever had Christmas
well as that comes with Christmas
putting the presents under the tree it's
a little sad that christmas is almost
over already hard to believe but shows
this so this is something I got from
Bridget rock candy that looks like it
came from Breaking Bad from the evidence
room the Albuquerque New Mexico Police
Department so pretty cool this actually
I just news for Michael from Bay which I
don't know if she knows what that word
means shit so I think she just called
herself shit all the ones that I did I
put for Bridget from Santa so Santa gave
hers Santa gave her all the presents and
they gave me all my presents well at
least one good thing to come out of the
day I saw that this came pro-wrestling
great it late better late than never I
guess let's go ahead and open this
usually Bridget would fill me but she's
asleep so let's get this going right off
the bat we see this sticker on the front
philadelphia extreme this right here is
the location of the ECW Arena and that's
what the sticker signifies so let's go
ahead and break it okay right off the
bat that we get the hardcore keychain it
is a keychain with the location of the
ECW Arena they can learn a really cool
exclusive stuff for pro wrestling cray
dude wow that is neat next up we have a
BW o beanie if you don't know what the
BW o is it is the blue world order it is
the ECW version of the NWO with Stevie
Richards the blue meanie
this is hard to maneuver when you're by
yourself this is do this this is why I
don't wear beanies because this is not
my lug next up it looks like a wristband
and if I can get it done blur it looks
like it says long live Xtreme there we
go long live extreme looks like we got
another Mick Foley coaster this one is
the Cactus Jack version that is pretty
cool
what do we have here hope you can eat
this is an autograph from the blue
meanie himself that is exactly what I
would look like if I was a pro wrestler
wow this is really neat
this right here is the bingo hall sign
from the ECW Arena and they turned it
into a mousepad
wow that is so neat okay now that we got
all that let's look at the shirt it is
again another nod to the ECW Arena this
is the easy to be arena this is or the
arena as they call it but it'll always
be the ECW Arena
what there it is that is neat though no
Mike what what you're still mad at me
I'm there for what everything are we
still gonna prank dad too long I don't
even want to celebrate Christmas don't
need to say stuff like that dude yeah it
was a bad day
thanks yes I was all my fault Michael
don't
okay let's not yell we got stuck in
traffic I got frustrated Bell wants to
leave the room what come with you it
wasn't all my fault
yeah was how I think some of it is this
medicine of a ticket side effects has
makes you over emotional I'm sorry that
I yelled and bitched at you I'm sorry
can we still prank dad tomorrow come on
dude yeah yeah I don't look like you you
want to do it and I can't do it without
you
so I really need your help I don't wanna
do anything tomorrow so you only go
sober Christmas
not really you've become a heathen
because I yelled at you one day you
gotta me all day all day
Bridget what okay one of the what were
the reasons we argue today um you're a
bitch there was traffic
you're a bitch I was frustrated too you
also promised me McDonald's that didn't
pan out well hey we're gonna be on the
real here you promised me the dolls
not promise we got hoes I said maybe
maybe no wants us to stop
why how is she everywhere if seams take
the federal bear whatever she's there
waiting your pizza we're gonna get me
Donald oh yeah I'm not saying it's all
your fault oh okay I'm sorry what is
happening now how'd she moving so quick
that's what she did you see how quietly
she slit across the bed there she wants
us to stop I can't film you Bella
that was a Christmas Bulldog Bella my
Christmas Eves going a little better
no okay what can I please you feel like
big the home so don't you dare throw me
it's Christmas okay what is all this dog
stuff for their Christmas for the dogs
that is so cute let's look at it this
one's bellows so I got you some presents
that you're not gonna be able to get
tomorrow oh boy Oh am i boring you
I'm tired Oh cuz I woke you up for you
no go ahead oh my god I choked you how
freakin I accidentally ordered some shit
to Dad's old trailer park yeah so we're
gonna have to freakin I'm angry because
it was good stuff oh my god
so anyway here's our Christmas stuff
it's a good little tree though
absolutely stockings for the animals so
right now we are undoing a package we
got from Kim this is actually from my
mom
Oh princess oh my god that's very sweet
so thank you very much
you know what is it with her packing
peanuts you know I don't know it's like
a joke she doesn't like us who is the
spork um oh don't open it it's yours the
house Channel
Michael soon as channel let me see it
chal channel Chanel it'll sell
oh my god Chanel there would be two L's
my it's channeled it said now called the
people on the phone
Oh Michael it's Chanel I feel like
you're you're telling me right now this
channel isn't it it's Chanel it's like
mom decided to rap name put a name come
some and not the others maybe the ones
that say Bridget are mine and the ones
with nothing say your legit - nothing
that's everything
thank you very much Kim Thank You Kim
so here is our Christmas tree I love it
I'm very excited to wake up meet sue
well that's gonna be a free day you guys
thanks for watching sorry that one the
vlog is so short to the vlog is so late
it is now Christmas though in the rain
yeah I'm sorry for being mean to you you
weren't really that mean today I was an
asshole and I apologize so where you
getting at here thanks for watching you
guys day was horrible and they're not
pretty good I felt like I was gonna cry
all day and I'm sorry
it's the steroids I feel like it is so
some people think it's real muscular
steroids what some people think that no
why it's it's a medication it's a
medication steroid because I have a
coffin this for inflammation so if
you're watching this tomorrow I hope you
have a Merry Christmas stick with us for
tomorrow because I got a prank Franco
grandpa me and bread you got a prank
Franco grandpa oh yeah it's gonna be
good Sweetback forgive me yep that's
gonna be for today you guys thanks for
watching like make us miss favorite May
kisses and Merry Christmas
wait followin everything for us
