what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here for just here soon do you
want in on this I don't point the camera
to you got to get in it Cindy here I
just like that and I'm cutting it from
the blog today is Wednesday and tomorrow
it's Christmas Eve and I'm noting
Perlane today is Wednesday that's it
that's the end of the intro if you
haven't seen the video we uploaded
yesterday check it out link is below
that was cindy stealing a drink from us
and the background is with a drawer
shutting Ella Cindy I'm joking by the
way so if you haven't seen the video we
put up yesterday grandpa came over he
try to take I don't know what to make of
his actions he destroyed my stuff he
pretended to love I say pretending I'm
getting blurry I also started taking my
medicine yesterday and Brigitte started
taking hers my cool I'm not gonna tell
today
please don't click like if you want to
hear don't the most fucked up story I'm
gonna tell next throwback if you want
click like please click like I promise
to God you were gonna want to hear this
story click like if you want to hear it
if it gets enough likes I can convince
Bridget to let me tell it she took her
medicine and it was the greatest thing
I've ever seen I can't wait for you guys
to hear it
please clip please click on its got to
get enough or she won't let me do it
because she like oh they don't want to
hear it please click it yes I want to
hear this I promise to God you want to
hear it you were going to die laughing
Bridget thought Cindy was it not fucked
up last night your daughter is out of
her mind
Michael you were crazy I'm not crazy I
didn't say you are I said you were but
now you are crazy do you agree with that
right Cindy Chi agrees let's get this
wednesday started I'm not crazy
please click like
I love to wrestle crepe my baby you got
to do something about that
a pack of 2015 Road to Wrestlemania
cards let's open it season it we've got
John Cena defeating Kane in a qualifying
stretcher match on Raw Randy Orton and
Triple H Seth Rollins a Bret the Hitman
Hart WrestleMania 10 card sergeant
slaughter Hall of Fame this is a table
oh my god I think it's like a round
table for my action team that is so cool
Russell crate you know me so well it is
that's so cool
dude it's almost like dad's table whores
home so I can recreate dad moments with
my action figures who ain't oh my god
damn candy what candy with the candy
with a candy Mike okay Seth Rollins
awesome
yes I'll wrap up and give to one of the
boys for Christmas cuz I got him we got
a free Christmas present aw oh fuck whoa
oh wow that's got it
sick Kurt Angle that's cool Wow
Russell Creed has outdone themselves
this month for Christmas we got we got
the action figure we got the shirt bring
up the table and we got an autographed
Kurt Angle picture that's awesome Wow
somebody sent mr. Kurt Angle first of
all thank you for doing this for
respirate second comeback to the WWE
because TNA is dead yet come back to a
double double you eat car and your
career where it matters
oh that is so cool it's a little Russell
crank key chain slash bottle of that is
so cool let's get the logo on there if
you can't see it
everyone focuses on it focused that's
cool
pretty soon my to change the size that I
get for the shirt Oh bro
Russell Craig's done it again dude an
undertaker 25th anniversary t-shirt oh
that is so neat you know I didn't even
get my Pro Wrestling crate yet and
everybody else guy that's all a little
pissed off at them this is awesome Kurt
Angle Seth Rollins the bottle opener the
cards the table and a special edition
Undertaker shirt that's pretty awesome
Russell crate be still my heart
seriously cuz I can have a heart attack
slow down hi you know one of the reasons
I was so excited to get that Kurt Angle
autograph uh I have nothing but respect
for that guy and I truthfully mean that
you know I don't like everybody in TNA
so a few years ago Monday Night Raw was
here it was the Monday Night Raw where
Eric Bischoff got fired
and before the show you know we were
waiting out for the wrestlers to meet
some people and nobody stopped everybody
kept going and nobody gave a shit they
didn't care to meet us Kurt Angle came
out and he was catching a cab on his way
to the hospital he told it he was
limping
he looked rough and he walked over and
he signed every fucking autograph so say
what you want about Kurt Angle you know
the guy is fucking awesome thank you for
signing that dude I really hope we can
see you in the Deaf w/e again at
WrestleMania before your careers gone
Bridget's a feel exciting if it would
unblurred come on whew oh he's so scared
all the time he just want to film you
buddy
hi Merry Christmas ripping up my body
well I'm gonna go to my room
haven't been to it since dad destroyed
it here we go
see what we lookin so we're dealing with
okay
immediately it's not as bad as the last
time that he was in here who I had a
whole brand new setup had a computer
setup for the monitor walls just looking
like nobody's broken oh man
I get mixed emotions seeing this part of
me is really happy that dad came over
and actually care enough to take care of
me cuz you don't really do that kind of
thing he's done a couple of times on
video the other part of me is what the
hell dude i sat up here all day setting
this up I just set it up you guys saw it
on vlog the day before he destroyed it I
take the shit serious and they already
destroyed it as you can see I'm working
on my anger I'm not that mad I'm fine
I'll be fine you know I guess the only
plan is to rebuild it that's what I'm
gonna do you know you know if you look
at that even that is still messed up
from the last time desk time and I
hadn't fixed me and I need to but that
just shows you how much shit he's done
and now I just gotta fix this what are
you doing what oh don't film this what
are you doing
I write I got make a new belt loop nice
nose
oh my pants are falling on the tightest
setting now so that's comfy good news
right that's extremely good news Michael
you're all going to be with a knife
going what the hell's he doing let's see
if this works is above nail thumbnail so
I'm not talking about it okay I don't
like talking about losing weight on vlog
so but that's what I'm doing belt loop
we crazy I just cut my hand right here
on video keep recording just because
that happened oh my god you better not
it
oh I don't want it's not a goal but if
it happens this is like the shoppers
name we own do they make a product for
this people like do they make something
so I can just fucking like do it easily
I could try to find your other belt it's
upstairs
the one I'm trying to get less lays but
I'm not there yet okay so we plan on
spending Christmas dinner alone because
I plan on pranking dad on Christmas and
I assume that he's gonna kick us out
after that so probably gonna be having
Christmas dinner alone so right now
we're getting our stuff to make
Christmas dinner which is dad's
specialty dad I'm out do your specialty
on the day you kick me out of your house
hamburger pie oh there's people around
you can't do it you're real excited
aren't you you want to scream done I do
I do it dan do it do it I knew you into
it knew you wouldn't do what I knew you
would okay I'm gonna have this dinner
once but in between two pieces have
already made that joke I did good night
it did once again when worth it
oh man I really like you
William is look how--look how to put it
back
the sucks was I baked it I'm gonna fuck
with Bridget and make I think she hit an
employee because just now Bridget toss a
little salad dressing in it an employee
saw her do it I'm gonna make I think she
hit her so just now Bridget was getting
a salad a salad and she didn't like the
dressing they came with it so she takes
that and just tosses it at that not that
the section not knowing there's an
employee right there
stalking famous right it hits the lady
in the face no no it hit the lady in the
face no it did it went and then she goes
mark Finan Bridget oh my it's weird
we're gonna believe you you know you do
no purpose ma'am
yes brown taste of each compound oh
you're the phone we calm gorgeous that's
the recording right now haha nice to
meet you
you know no I did it and here in a face
with salad dressing no I didn't I toss
the salad dressing back to it we took a
hit on in the face and she looked like
like so hurt you lying you need to stop
you were really gonna believe you
Bridget it went yeah I swear you wanna
go apologize
are you gonna cry I that makes me sad
let's go apologize okay she's gone dude
you're never brave apologize oh there
she is
Bridget is apologizing right now
I feel better well you should what did
she say she didn't really say anything
she just kind of like well at least you
got that off your chest I mean even
though it didn't hit her
what it's hitting hit her at all are you
kidding me oh so what - tell me what you
said how did you apologize I was like
ma'am I'm really sorry I didn't mean to
hit you in the face before I say we just
ran into a young and what's your name
man Cale - Cale - - was that like a
screen name was that your actual name is
Marshall me what does it say it again
Cale - OH - ting lacy was kill to lose
the first game yeah well you saw us well
you were walking into another store you
can't run in soap I might've move Wow
well hey man it's nice to meet you dude
I show everybody your sick wallet I
gotta see that fella Rosa no duct tape
do them that is definitely really do I
like that a lot
my no well I didn't bring I got Breaking
Bad wallet so why man Oh yep all ripped
up Breaking Bad well well you got some
air fried chicken going on this is like
a cheddar yeah it's a good shudder
processors here it is we're gonna have
this some cauliflower mashed potatoes
and sweet peas yeah mmm good meal
Bridget oh yeah we've reached the end of
the vlog sorry for pranking you at the
store it's okay I made you think you hit
you back I made you think you hit
somebody in the face you apologized
thank you people you did that you
actually apologized that's the best part
you apologize for something you didn't
do
truce no I'm getting you back truce
truce
truce hey you lawyer but that's going to
be a fitter day you guys thanks for
watching
chilled our Bridget her mom was here
chilled out Soph Felix open a wrestle
crate saw my room gonna have for a pair
of my room and now that was bullshit
tomorrow is Christmas Eve so I hope you
have a good time spending it with your
families if you don't watch my vlog
that's okay you can still watch it on
Christmas right
do you watch me on Christmas right okay
the day after Christmas is just fine you
don't got to watch us have some time
with your family don't worry about us
still going to vlog bill because it's
Christmas Eve Wow oh yay to get the whoo
it you couldn't get I'm out of here
thanks for watching like subscribe
favorite following on everything rejoice
and Merry Christmas Merry Christmas
Merry Christmas
present
nifty Ram are you kidding are you
kidding me what have you done forehead
