what's going on you guys kid beyond a
camera here bitch was he still mad at me
we got into an argument today folks
ha if you haven't seen it right away I
uploaded a video on the anger ground
pause show channel and dad came over he
destroyed my new wrestling setup which
I'm not ready to deal with that right
now they need to it was very bipolar
he destroyed my stuff and then wanted to
take care of me and then tried to steal
I don't know dude
you shouldn't have ever came over I
don't know what to make of it that was
earlier since then I have been to the
doctor and I got medicine that I need to
start taking for my cold prednisone
definitely Bob amoxicillin ridiculous
and the problem is I can't take pills
I'm very horrible at I have a very bad
gag reflex but before I get into all of
that let's just relive some of those
stuff that I didn't use from earlier for
the video that just went up grandpa
going crazy
come on let's go get fuel oh my buddy
did know they're here to stay
sure you put him up oh why do you give
it a don't up on are you kidding me
Michael please just get sicker since
your dad came over what sick oh oh oh
you got to get my ID me now he usually
long and don't go good Mia Christ
yeah good it doesn't hurt you
you okay get him in your bed and boy
your bedroom is fucking building oh yeah
okay no it isn't damn I was asleep in
here I just wanna be left alone just get
some rest
bow ties is red can you every just leave
me alone get around just go home dad
yeah
nobody's helpful I'll hear ya I tell me
okay it's just a cough you you have a
daughter but anyway you can't get him
play no one you want to just point the
camera in my face is that what this says
you're enjoying this you loved you hated
this the second you saw it you called
him over here talking to destroy him
yeah I would not do that you hated it
from the second you saw it I mean I
don't hate it Michael it's yeah it takes
up the entire guest room but why I guess
what better sleeping the super the floor
who's coming to guest with us well I
can't even get one because of this but
no I didn't I didn't call your dad I
didn't I didn't
he has internet he probably would you
know what I demand an apology or I'm
denying we're gonna talk to you for the
rest of the day well you promised or
tomorrow promise you cook your own food
oh sweet baby Jesus guess what I'm gonna
fucking sabotage your diet I'm called a
fucking pizza do you need help babe
well you know push down twist Oh they've
changed the rules
let me see it bro it doesn't work you
won open well man eternally I'm not to
saw it off let me try
what the hell that's all you do what you
do I could tell you an inside proof dude
what's up
you're it's little child shit that is so
funny up are you so cute I'm afraid to
try and take this you gotta take two
steroids - what's up yeah how sick am I
only ginger ale
you're the code now you go through water
with that you know what it's already bad
enough that I got to take it hate the
smell of pills just you know think of
something else please I need a second
here okay yeah way to go oh good
is it down yeah all right I'm so hard I
don't know
you sure I'm gonna take two of these
yeah that's what I thought twice a day
or nothing it doesn't say twice a day
these one should be fine
whoa oh my god I don't I can't take oh I
got taste it this is so bad we can't be
around sick people what we can't be
around sick people with this for exampie
well steroids lower your immune system
what yeah this can't be true it says it
what's the point of it then it's it
relieves inflammation on your lungs for
one so you can all do is taste it I know
I know I still taste a steroid in my
mouth is pretty gross well you heard
here folks doing steroids so I waited so
long to get seen for my class just taste
it I can't take pills bugs
oh stop telling them you got like the
worst gag reflex
ever it's insane actually you know like
all the arguing did you lazy didn't care
you still haven't apologized on camera
I've apologized off camera well no one
that's uh okay what do you want from me
I want you to apologize I'm sorry for
what okay uh starting shit for being an
asshole you know I I still wonder if you
called that over check my phone well I
don't know dude
all right I'm sorry apology rejected I'm
just kidding
I don't offer the apology anymore well I
already accepted I take it back no give
me the apology back no it's mine I want
my apology button I'm not kidding but
that's gonna be it for today you guys
thanks for watching things are better
for now Oh
all these be better they didn't get that
bad with that today I was away can't
even believe you like took his side for
no brizi or to me like crap for no
reason I feel like they know because you
thought I could can I talk I was gonna
say I feel like things could have been
worse it wasn't that bad of a day dad
could have freaking put a brick through
a window or broken the TV he didn't do
any of those things
it's sad that that could be worse this
was pretty bad this wasn't a bad it was
bad we woke up a week ago and he was
destroying the kitchen yeah that was
really bad this he wanted to see if his
son was okay and dad if you're watching
this I'm okay yeah thanks to me
having said that I'm pranking dad it's
time haven't really got up right I
haven't got a Pringle in a while
actually I know I can y'all total prank
failed this time I'm getting up it's
time grandpa you're getting pranked
you're the music playing behind me the
gun
that shit means getting epic it means
getting the end of the video
dad you are getting day away
