what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here and today is Sunday and
today I want to let you guys know right
off the bat that this is not going to be
a regular vlog the reason is because we
like to film a day ahead it gives us
time to film the entire day and really
get a decent vlog out for you guys and
yesterday I was too depressed to film
anything yesterday was not a good day
for me if you didn't see we uploaded
grandpa reading that emotional letter
that he got from a fan and that letter
did me in you know
seeing my dad so emotional and how it's
seeing how much he loved you guys and to
realize that that's gone it just and did
me and you guys so we didn't film
anything yesterday and I'm depressed
today but as dad would say if he saw me
so sad and not vlogging because of it he
would say geez Joanne so boy the hell is
wrong with you have a gret today that
you shut out of mine and that's why I
stopped talking so it would be a
disservice to him if I didn't put out a
vlog so that's what I'm doing guys if
you didn't see the video grandpa cried
reading a fan letter and if you haven't
seen it I encourage you to stop this
video now and check it out you know we
don't have unlimited videos of grandpa
left so if you haven't seen it check it
out I'm gonna pause right here so you
can go check that out you checked it out
yet you pause hey welcome back you guys
I hope you enjoyed the video I really do
hope you checked it out right there
now comes today's vlog you know that was
not the only letter that grandpa read
and I thought why just get rid of that
video you guys want to see it so that's
what this vlog is gonna be the rest of
that mailbag I wanted to upload the
emotional letter by itself because it
grabbed me in a different way and it was
worthy for the main channel but this is
some stuff that you guys will want to
see - so guys this is the rest of that
video this is grandpa reading mailbag
letters and there's other mailbag videos
and these you know video files I got but
that's this one that's today this was
from right around Father's Day of 2016
dad I love you it's been hard to watch
you but I'm really happy that I can
okay don't cry Michael come on all right
I'm good this stuff hits you all the
time guys guys this is grandpa's mailbag
whatever I think he didn't have an
official day for this guy's grandpa
opening some letters young uns I'm gonna
do something today
we are gonna do a mailbag day I can't
get the Monday to Sunday the tooth
whatever we're gonna do a mailbag dog
I'll read a few letters and we'll go
from there
you know I like reading your letters
they mean a lot to me and that y'all
mean a lot me y'all y'all are my family
without y'all I like having largest
family in the world
so let's just let me just get busy here
okay this comes from
rinoa jameson in Virginia and let's do
an old PSA option hope you send her
something and that's your letter all
right do choice my name is Charlie you
can't call me a GPO grandpa Hey
sometimes I'm grandpa's Cornish oh can
you show us how you make potato salad
anyway hope all is well with your South
Carolina god bless and have a great one
and Angela Angela yeah I made some
jell-o salad today if I'd known you
wanted to know how to record it you know
I've had it done but I will next time I
make it I will add that to a cooking
with grandpa it'll be a lot like cooking
with grandpa's and I'm gonna start write
down all these recipes until we can do
it okay
this comes from Kyle Richardson and
Arkansas oh man all right look look look
send me a damn package nationally
certified emergency medical technician
Wow I like that
thank you so much Kyle - Kyle that's a
deer grenade GP I wanted to take the
time to write you and sincerely thank
you for everything that y'all do you see
it as an EMT emergency medical
technician I know what EMTs dance bar
you think I'm stupid
you gave me the strength to get off by
sorry behind and try again for that you
have modify my eternal things therefore
I haven't closed my first eat the ENT
patch and I will save it an honor it
that I wore for three years while while
on duty I wanted to be a reminder of how
grateful I can be for you helping me
even though you didn't know it you are a
good man
and I hope you continue making videos
and making me laugh Kyle Kyle thank you
I get that a lot
I get a lot of people because I think it
because they they put they feel like
they weren't do what I do but they can
you can't sit around and feel sorry for
yourself that's number one you just
can't lay in bed say or with me or with
me
you can't do it I'm glad I could help in
some manner to help you get over all
this you know I've even heard that in
some parts of the of a government in the
indoor hospitals that they are through
my videos and because laughter is the
best thing you can do when you when you
feel depressed so thank you Carl thank
you for the patch thank you for the
letter
this one comes from Kyle wilkinson do
you have two cows in a row and he's from
Iowa I think my dam try to show comes
from my watch called us American Pickers
somebody that damn boy he typed he even
just old man and he made that perd√≥n
again and dear a GP and picker boy my
name is Kyle Wilkinson I'm 24 and I live
in Cedar Rapids Iowa angle letter still
got me and let's see what's the other
side let me get a grew up spooky here I
said I hope this letter finds you well
my youngest daughter Madison myself
absolutely love adore you and your
family I have always loved a look -
laughs laughter and realness and when
I'm having a bad day even on my good
days I still tune in to your channel
I've taught my children ages 20 19 and
14 to always laugh and love that is true
that is very important teach your kids I
wish I throw up Michael I believe we all
have a purpose on this earth and you
truly have found yours my life as well
as as yours haven't always been the
easiest of something raising three
children alone but I look back and share
my share many of the same similarities
with you as a parent a GP your love and
tenderness for others does it go
unnoticed
thank you very much that because I do
love you all of each you know people say
people that word love is just too easy
to say just OB mouth it rolls out tongue
you know
but deep down into my heart I love each
and every one y'all please know that I
have always wanted to write you but with
my daughter's bday coming up I thought
it would be great and a surprise for her
if I actually did forgive me for
rambling no darling you ramble all you
want just think they'll just need the
world of you and your family taking a
shot in the dark here I know you're you
are bombarded with fan mail may I ask if
any way you could could send my daughter
your autograph for a birthday I will
gladly now you eat up a shit
truthfully AGP my wish would be to meet
you and pick a boy it takes a curve a
courageous person to be able to do that
keep being the great AGP that you are we
love you sissy Madison let's try
something they don't want to answer what
my hands but she gets it yeah go box
boom can't accept any message let's try
it again
Suzy I'm sorry you didn't get me I tried
to call you but a my fault
that bitch Daniel
this ain't grandpa
this is angry grandpa I got your letter
and you asked me to call you brother
nutty I'll do a bit about you
I'm sitting my rocking chairs into the
mailbag
well I'm any way I can help brother you
know everything would you go with her
brother I've been through myself in my
life well I really appreciate all the
kind words you know cos sometimes I feel
like I'm doing more harm than I do good
hey wait your mother's back California
ah I got plans
he won't eat me he way down to half
didn't even tell me was going and I'm
gonna do that I'm thinking we're gonna
make your body a pool Daniel gave me I
gotta run but I don't want to I Love You
Man all right bye-bye
okay young is that was mailbags
whatever day you want to call it I'm
gonna try to do this I'll try once or
twice a month sit down and read and read
I read all the letters but dance or a
few so anyway mailbag money
Nagai that ain't no mail back my name
bill back is over I love you young uns
and you let us get to me some of you
haters gonna write me too I'll read your
letters to you fucking ate me and you
got something bad you wanna say write me
okay I'll read your letter I swear to
God right if you hate me and you don't
like what I do write me and I'll read it
but don't be surprised
answered you might get by youngers love
you see you on the next one and don't
forget subscribe like subscribe
subscribe subscribe our a big button
like michael by units and there it was
the mail back video you know there's
some advice in there that i when i was
editing it i was taking like when he was
saying he can't just sit there being
depressed and he's right
i can't but it's just so hard one of the
other things is how he never got that
going and play button i kept trying to
give him the angry grandpa going to play
button that wasn't that's hanging on my
wall and he refused to take it and i
told him dad it's both of ours that's
your play button too and he wasn't it
refused it he wanted one for grandpa's
corner and he never he never got it i
think he's got like 800,000 he was like
200,000 away that what i made him so
happy and when he got sick everyone sort
of pushing to subscribe and you guys
bumped him up a little if if at some
point it gets to a million I don't know
what I'm gonna do I'm gonna find a way
to tell him and give him his button when
it comes
you know guys I hope by seeing us
dealing with this depression and this
loss it can maybe help you in some way I
don't know if it will I don't know if
this is helpful I don't know if this is
hurtful but I have to be able to get
this out if you let it bottle up it's
gonna Fester into a panic attack or and
you're just gonna lash out and you don't
want to do that you don't want to lash
out especially the people that love you
and you love so dad I love you so much
man you know I loved watching you answer
the letters I wish that that lady would
have could have been able to answer the
phone and talk to you but thank you for
the advice because I'm gonna take some
of that advice myself I got to get up I
got to stop being so depressed
so guys tomorrow though will be a vlog
we didn't film one yesterday but we will
film one for tomorrow
starting today because I got to get up I
got to dust myself off and with you guys
at our side we can do that and we're
gonna do that so guys thank you so much
that was the mailbag video I hope you
guys liked it as much as I did you know
it wasn't the most exciting vlog but
that's not what it's about it was about
watching my dad interact with you guys
and seeing the joy that he got by
reading your letters and if you're
wondering why that one letter faded out
is because that's actually the video on
the other channel if you want to see it
go check it out he was reading the fan
letter and he got emotional guys we got
a lot of stuff coming there's a lot of
stuff going on I'm working on a brand
new album I think this will be
officially the first time I actually
talk about it I'm working on a music
video I'm working on two music videos
I'm working on an album I'm working on
music videos dad mentions in the vlog
that he wants to work on a cookbook
we're working on an angry grandpa
cookbook smack the like button if you
would actually read it guys there was so
much in the pipeline that I want to
talk about we got an anger grandpa plush
toy coming out we got all this angry
grandpa
merchandise there sales going on after
Christmas I want you guys to have as
much grandpa's I had guys check it out
the merchandise link is below music come
there's so much stuff coming and dad I
hope you watch everything that I do and
I hope you're proud of me because I want
to make you proud thanks for watching
you guys
like subscribe favorite and I love you
so much and so did dad
you
