what's going on you guys kid in front of
the Christmas tree behind a camera here
and today is Friday and today it's - its
blurry actually unblurred michael let me
get close to my face what I'm blurs I'm
Blair hey oh god I look ugly today is
Friday and today boom
Bridget is upstairs sleeping so I am
starting my blog off today without her
so tonight I saw Star Wars The Force
awakens and it was awesome I'm a
relatively new Star Wars fan I'm not
like you know one of those people that's
watched it all of his life I'm
relatively new to this series but it was
amazing it you know it was worth the
wait it you're a star Wars fan check it
out and speaking of Star Wars fans they
were not too happy to see me tonight as
I told you in yesterday's vlog I was
wearing this shirt that says Star Trek
and these people were looking at me like
I was a piece of filth and I am but they
don't know me from YouTube so when me
and bridge were waiting in line we
started making jokes back and forth to
each other like oh I can't wait to see
Trek Wars oh man big van Vader it's
awesome I hope he's in this one use the
Force Harry whoa I think we sky dancers
in this one we made ourselves very
apparent and people were getting annoyed
people are looking at my shirt they were
going um yeah sure sure
they hated me much like most of the
YouTube community to make matters worse
I was coughing during the movie because
I have my cold I'm that person that you
didn't want to sit next to bridge ended
up leaving the move because her cough
was so bad she was embarrassed she was
coughing she's got him left regardless
it was a good movie I had a good time
I enjoyed watching Star Wars and if you
haven't seen it check it out let's get
this Friday started I got some Christmas
stuff to work on from the party today
tomorrow today
it's after 1:00 today so tomorrow at the
Christmas party my nephew is are going
to be able to open two presents and a
stocking it's just something that we do
the open two presents the
are from Santa or you know Santa got all
the stuff to make up five stockings and
what Bridget's leaves I'm gonna go ahead
and do this for her which I don't know
if she'll get mad cuz I think she want
to do so we got a little knick knacks
right here we got all the stuff we got
these these tubes whatever lifesaver
gummies candy you know it's a whole
bunch of crap and let me just go ahead
and respond to some of the comments now
kids should not be eating all that candy
they're gonna turn out like you oh my
god Mike it won't get that much can't
hey there kids it's Christmas let them
have some candy and here they are all
the stockings if you're wondering
whether it's five instead of four
because you know many of you know I have
four nephews Jamie Jennifer's fianc√© he
has a baby and so we also got stuff for
him as well so he is the fifth stocking
but as you can see I even put some of my
Russell crate stuff in there like the
Matt Hardy autograph and some of the
prints and the wrestling magazine him
the Mick Foley poster I just loaded
these things up with things that I had
that I wasn't going to use it they would
appreciate so those are the stockings
for tonight well it is the next day and
if I look a little discolored it's
because of that for some reason the
fluorescent light in our kitchen causes
some sort of weird coloration effect so
tonight is my Christmas party and right
now we're in the process of making a ham
the same ham we made at Thanksgiving so
we got a spiral cut hand and Bridget
added mustard and brown sugar and she
has a soaking in coca-cola
I don't think dogs are allowed to have
hand buddy we think Oh that'll hurt ham
somebody say ham
yeah but I don't think dogs can have it
okay we just take a shower
I'm gonna get a little better revenge
Michael yeah Dewey ow what what are you
doing nothin
did you flush a toilet yeah
did it not burn it for a minute check in
to e I'm confusing you
Michael fine bye I'll get you back no
you come on
thank you
I will you did all those practice unto
me in the shower
so I was watching a youtuber named bash
reverse and he decided to dump flour on
his girlfriend in the shower
that's exactly what I'm gonna do here we
go let's do this
hey how long does this ham take to cook
oh these other like five Bible
oh my are you kidding what happened
what'd I do what's going on
sorry you only leave you alone get out
this cell okay dude guys I need help
okay mom is out for blood
I just don't flower on the shower and
she's cheap pissed he's gonna eat all
the time like this Clyde of a danger
don't do to Tom I know revenge pranks oh
there's gonna be revenge why dude just
dump flouring you are already getting
frickin bathed I hasn't washed my hair a
third time because of us a third time so
you already watched it twice yeah I
always wash my hair twice
okay so what's another time I don't know
maybe I'll dry out it was anyway it was
kind of gross I was mad I'm mad truce
Jones trying to get you back you wait
then you wait come on now alright I hate
you we all know that I win the prank
though evil when you do Brian
yeah I'm not recording so Bridget and I
just agreed to no more longer do pranks
son oh I'm getting I'm getting you back
oh yeah
cuz I don't like what you did we're on
camera are you threatening me ma'am
yeah I'm gonna prank you - promise
that's gonna happen okay thank you bye
he knows embarrassing yesterday Bridget
what it took me to watch that vlog
yesterday the notice that has something
in my teeth a big giant piece of pepper
that was large I noticed it the whole
time ah hello watch those that what is
that is it still very couldn't get it
out
so you thought it was like a rotten tip
okay
hahaha I'm gonna don't say that kind of
stop so this is the shirt that I'm
wearing for uh the Christmas party all
about legalizing it you know legalize it
and he's cutting the tag off a mattress
legalizing is that illegal so we've
already got all of these and these
wrapped but we still got to get all of
these wrapped so that's what we're about
to do and a whole bunch of stuff to wrap
and just in case you're worried about
this blog spoiling Christmas for my
nephews they don't watch my vlogs so
don't worry about it
Christmas not ruined by pickleboy oops I
got a show people that's it oh my god
monkey leave his Bridget to hold the
wrapping paper puts her foot told you
were an eight it looks just purchased
tattoo everybody I gotta get that I
gotta get dad to show his tattoo next
time I see you if you guys want me to
get grandpa to show his tattoo cuz you
ain't seen it in a while
the my ass stinks had to click like and
next time I see him
I'm gonna ask him to show us back his
ass is tattoo no I'm not gonna ask him
to see his ass cuz I'd only want to
imagine his response to hi you watchin
my goddamn ass boy I regret the day that
you shot out my dick Lugar's right here
folks
bridgie got lazy and got tired of write
my name she start writing Mike Michael
well that's gonna be a fair day you guys
thanks for watching chilled-out prank
Bridget started making a ham wrap some
presents Bridget showed her 8 feet okay
Bella why do you not have eight feet
it's crazy I have never seen anybody do
that before
so anyway I'm gonna get out of here the
party is tonight so that's my vlog is
gonna be for tomorrow ham smells so good
mmm I love the smell ham at least your
mom okay
that's not what I was hinting at but you
took it is that the ham you made nah
that's what you used to be called ham
well I'm not making funny here I said I
like the smell of the ham okay
I don't like him and I don't look like I
never said you did it I'm getting out of
here man whatever we're getting ready
for the Christmas party and that's what
tomorrow's vlog is gonna be remember
grandpa's not invited
thanks for watching you guys like it
since you love because you called me
haven't you it was love you poor thing
hey yeah that's it hey yeah oh god
you're cooking on how the firm Oh
