what's going on you guys kid behind a
camera here for just here right there
and your arm was in my way just now so I
nudged you coming up on my right yeah
out of my way your was of my way so
today is Thursday and today is the day
midnight release mid want we might
release midnight release ba-ba ba-ba
ba-ba ba-ba ba-ba ba-ba ba-ba ba-ba
ba-ba arm Star Trek tonight is the
midnight release for Star Wars The Force
awakens which means I got to say off
Twitter because I know people will be
posting spoilers I've been trying to
stay off the Twitter for the past two
days because the movie came out in other
countries and the premiere I'm staying
off a Twitter I don't want people to
ruin the movie and I'm wearing this
shirt just to piss some people off it is
so cute though it has the Star Wars
cover with the Star Trek logo it's
trolling people folks they were like
look a fool over there we're in the Star
Trek show what a tool that Star Trek
that's not Star Wars
may the force be with you if you can't
tell I'm in a better mood than I was
yesterday and if you're wondering why
it's because I'm tired of letting his
anger get me down that's part of me
getting over my anger problems by not
letting him get me down so that's why
I'm doing I'm having myself a good day
my movie comes out tonight I don't got
time to think about dad bashing a cookie
sheet on the counter you are very happy
today and I love it now I'm pissed again
actually if you haven't seen the video
the link is below if you haven't seen
yesterday's vlog the link is below and
you might not have seen it because you
too was having a sub box removal problem
in this pit I'm fine I'm not mad
fixing my anger problems folks today is
a happy day
Star Wars tonight that'll probably be in
tomorrow's vlog though because the
premiere it's at 7:30 and I gotta has
this up before then but tomorrow pick a
boys 4c wait awaken
doesn't sound right the force awakens
with pickleboy I don't know
tomorrow SAR wores so right now we're a
Walmart getting this stuff for our
Christmas party which was supposed to be
Saturday which we moved up until
tomorrow because we went dad to come to
our Christmas party so dad you missed it
to show up on Saturday how do I say
tomorrow if you show up on Saturday you
miss the park what have you see is this
what what have you sees this vlog he
won't he don't use a computer
I'm out walls you're probably right
so we got a ham
we got a bunch of crap we got ham we got
drinks we got cheese this didn't Bridget
oh God
do you think I would do that I don't
know man I was kind of afraid we got
online I'll be honest that it's like 80
degrees
I know it's pretty miserable right now
we're going Portland I swear to I hope a
little trick I learned from the Jedi
I used to force
what's this thought I'll do it again
what's this I hear about Darth Vader
coming back
Hey what shut up this shut up the Star
Wars oh yeah I chose don't worry here
the spoilers uh I didn't know that was
Star Wars I don't know freakin Darth
Vader is his Luke shut up dude stop he
died
okay I'm sick of this shit you better
stop it what it you just ruined the
whole movie
who is Luke well we can go in and cancel
Star Wars okay you've ruined Toby okay
just stop who is Luke hello it's our
fate her son Darth Vader dies saving to
protect him whoa I guess he doesn't die
does he I can't believe some little
green guy dies doctor dude stop I'm not
joking stop it and um some woof thing he
dies okay you've ruined the mood you've
ruined Star Wars for but you've ruined
the premiere you've ruined too my night
I'm sorry my face I'm gonna smash the
camera into a hundred pieces I'm sorry I
I thought this was not you new do how
would you not know who Yoda is how would
you not know who Chewbacca no do not
know Darth Vader is how would y'all know
who Luke is yeah I think if you're an on
what you wouldn't know who those people
are and you split and they you didn't
want to go justice all you two saying no
way I would have found someone else I
would have called dad to go with me he
wouldn't go
Michael don't fill me no more
not put the blood come on you've ruined
the movie I'm sorry yeah you happy I
didn't know you did no dude I didn't
know there's no way you wouldn't know
who Darth Vader is I don't know all the
names you would know Darth Vader I don't
know the hell Darth Vader is well I
don't know I'm sorry yeah I thought it
was like not that it was just small room
somewhere it was just all over to your I
saw horse I'm sorry
don't yell at me better she Michael I
need you to get out I'm just trying to
cool down I need you out this is me
trying to work on my anger I need you to
go ahead and get re apology rejected now
get out
okay I don't never reject your apology
accepted to get out no please I heard
the little beat from the camera I'm
sorry
no you're recording it I'm sorry I
really why you do that I just didn't
want to see the movie good I understood
it's stupid so I wonder why Oh No oh
good drop me off I thought you're gonna
make me go that's why I did it
you gonna drop me off I made it up good
drop me off I made it up I did Michael I
made it up so how the fuck is Darth
Vader come back to life after that he
took a potion doctor what stuff a Star
Wars Saint magic I need it hot swear on
your mom's life in Hell that you made
that up
sir I was live in hell I made it up now
that happens though my mom does not go
to hell right well no if you made it up
you made it up okay stop filming me
right to say no you know you're happy
I'm not upload I'm not uploading that
guy fry this what happened happens when
belly gets stuck on her bag you can do
it all right give me that Paul give me
that Paul you did it
do you hear mama try to ruin the movie
for me she can't believe she tried do
that can you believe a card well that's
gonna be it for today you guys thanks
for watching
Bridget tried to ruin the Star Wars
movie for me that was really funny I was
funny I'll give it to you it was pretty
funny oh man I'm just happy because I
hate spoilers more than almost anything
in this world so I'm just glad okay
that's gonna be a for today you guys
thanks for watching went to Walmart
Bridget pranked me now I'm getting ready
for tonight ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba
tonight is Star Wars The Force awakens
and people don't be like Bridget I'm not
looking forward to it because I just
don't you've never seen Star Wars
Michael you said like three of them are
shit I never said that I said three of
them aren't as good as the other three
well to me that means their shit and one
of those three is actually excellent
listen I don't got time to explain this
in detail to you I just maybe I
explained the outline of the story maybe
I'll take some nyquil and falls no you
won't
hmm and I'm getting angry for different
reasons oh you get out of here thanks
for watching you guys you're watching I
go see all the bullcrap that you want to
go see you know what that's not true
there's very few movies that I want to
see in theatres and I'm going with you
because I love you like I'm getting out
of here like subscribe don't subscribe
to you why would they anyway thanks for
watching you guys like subscribe
favorite long on everything bitch she is
her unfollow huh oh god damn it
Oh God you're cooking on
oh how the firm Oh
