can I help no Michael please let's go
for job wanna help clean this stupid
mask and then we'll go our Imam goddamn
man so you satisfied
cookie is made whatever you waited all
year to burn cookies yeah get out my
damn shoe
I'm calling the chick right now dude
yeah I think you should come daily
actually yeah I'm filming it right now
good yeah she hears everybody that she
sees every bit of it yeah you got it
no she can see oh I'm sorry yes ma'am
okay anyone guess what guess who you got
a visit with Friday once it guest get
away or anybody then I'll tell her
Thursday do more today Friday and
Tuesday
I'm until every day of the week how
about that do a daily session this is
gonna have a soprano there fix my pan
that thing is still bent all the hell up
get out
no I'm doing every minute is to show
your freaking worker forsake the camera
I'm gonna do this go away I'm doing it
watch and learn
watch and learn what I don't have
problems like cookie dough all over my
floor Michael he did it let him clean it
oh good yeah whoo you ain't what why
would she why would you because it's my
house hey Jenna where I leave tomorrow
what I'll camp against or tomorrow no
okay it's your house obviously
ah you Molly in lowrider I do you mean
what you my landlord I'm Kip dick oh no
this is your house you know the reason
you need shit fixed cos you keep
breaking everything I didn't break shit
whoa look at the tree and all the
presents who wrapped those he's
snowballing her Bridget
she's totally she's saying everything's
good he's snowballing her no I'm not but
she'll see this and know that you are
not snowballing no kiddo godson you are
I'm not gonna pay our cent if she says
that to my face say that to my face lady
he's a great son so put the dead dude
he's snowfall during the wrapping all
the presents so he didn't have to he
didn't wrap those hold on I'm looking at
this but I did me bullcrap look how good
these are wrapped I in it you liar
oh I feel a pride one it's a little late
for that isn't it three like you really
have to practice tell her it was my
fault you'll believe you or shut up so
shut up
eh I'm leaving I said shut up
now let's go bridge it can eleven twelve
thirteen fourteen twenty oh I'm out
screw you thirteen fourteen let's go
Michael fifteen sixteen bullshit 1380
now let's let us see what happens when
he gets to 2020 okay bye
good god go let's go I'm through
I'm through by the way I'm having a
Christmas party Saturday you're not
invited
I'll be today anyway you're not you're
not invited
I'll be doing I'll mail you your
Christmas present I'll be did you're not
invited I said what Tuesday now Peter
said
you're a good boy Michael helping your
dad cube nest you call why are you
helping him he's my son he look II like
you cuz I know if I don't worship he'll
be roaches well Horace isn't Karen let
him have roaches what nothing done you
bad now anyone nobody's talking about
you dude better no I just want to go
Michael hurry up you go go get her out
of here so you're not gonna make more
cookies you're putting all the stuff up
yeah I thought we were making cookie we
did and it was a foul all the car you
were here
dude I'm gonna say it one more time I
had no idea how long cookies take to
make I've never made them before in my
life
it's his fault Michael he obviously
doesn't think that so I need to change
it now thinking it was his fault trust
me you're not helping Forge it well it
was this fault
yes it was just saying it doesn't help
this wit fuels his end or he needs to be
known he's like an idiot you gotta let
him know you're an idiot scary you you
gotta let him know simply daddy the
lesion why you cookies born could you an
asshole son and the grunting girl know
that you salty is a very salty I taste I
knew you had an - it's baking soda so in
Froyo clear too much vanilla Oh
I thought that you liked you so much
that there are in pieces and on the
floor and anybody that makes up not even
bother to make more did burnt if we
could have made more how about back row
but you've heard of that either the
battle before you burnt about here the
battle before and we have more flour we
have more brown sugar you got a cookie
pan you couldn't make more you just want
to be an asshole peacefully after I
helped clean oh yeah I'm trying but god
damn it
is no god but your cooking on how the
firm Oh
