what's going on you guys can be on
camera here for just here how dare you
ma'am what's going on you guys kid
behind the camera here I apologize to
call you stupid I'm sorry okay
stoop no I was gonna say again I didn't
call me stupid when I just busted my ass
cleaning and wrapping gifts nice job
thank you I'm chilling out not going
over grandpa's house again he had
another visit yesterday with the anger
management check alan call her a bitch
anger management bitch she watches the
vlogs I'm sorry
unfortunately Bridget and I have decided
mutually to separate wait why um why is
me why I'm joking okay you were in my
face dude is that what you would do bye
bro go with you you'd get in my face
like trying to fight
Bridget let's break up what motherfucker
what did you just run come on what the
fuck I need not fuck with this bitch the
damn regular whore is the day you see
the vlog start with a bloody nose
probably missing teeth I'm gonna get out
of here thanks for watching you guys
that's the end of the vlog I'm scared
for my life you're not I'm joking
let's get this Tuesday started breakup
style tuberculosis style you mean you
have it so we just got to Walmart can
you believe it we just got a good space
we actually we have to find out show
this yeah look good
whoa I don't know you can see me but
it's the little things that count people
when you can get a front face at Walmart
you film they know we're always like
Burt all the way down there every Sam
speaking you know I can't but we always
like tight your way over there and now
we're able to get here it's like getting
fourth row tickets to Wrestlemania why
you just looking straight tell everybody
what's happening right now I can't write
again Bridget has to use the bathroom at
I won't say it out like this people in
one bridge has take a shit
I got explode the toilet I don't want to
do it here though is that what we're not
moving right now
even if it's like come out I really hope
I can call this vlog British it's a
pants on wall my don't say that no that
would be good fast my one of my life no
and then hey Bridget oh god you all
right
Oh God so we had to leave Walmart early
because she didn't want to take a crap
in the Walmart bathroom and I'll blame
you bridgie let the candles on their own
fire oh you know lock it he wasn't walk
was it you want to watch Raw from last
night with me again Polar Express look
I'm alone
he's son of up so right now if we're
just putting the paint salt inside about
a frosted flakes that she's gonna cope
with chicken okay so we're gonna take
the chicken put in the egg and then
she's gonna put it in here and shake it
right yeah so right now we're just
making her plate that is Bridget's plate
and that is my plate and what the hell
are you thinking Bridget do I need that
much corn car I know but my god man oh
my god
another thing take some of the corn well
here is dinner tonight frosted flake
fried chicken a mountain of corn and if
you're wondering why the mashed potatoes
or the Cully flour match tonight is gray
is because we used a beef bullion cube
and it actually tastes like mashed
potatoes and gravy
yeah it looks gross but it looks small
your play is greater mine mom looks like
a freaking restaurant plate yours looks
a crap
I don't have any nails did we just so
this is bridge getting pepper out of her
teeth regarding oh you did not do that
too much sure dad oh okay say that again
you do realize that number one I'm
trying to lose some weight and number
two I have a cold and if I'm not uh
anger management lessons dad breathe in
can I ask you what is the deal with
cookies yo I do remember that's why I'm
telling you anger management cuz I won't
let you break down in my house this time
can I ask
oh it you asking nicely that's that's
good that's a staff then I'm not coming
I'm gonna try to fucking go you had too
much salt and your cookies tastes like
shit and plus I'm not invited so how
about this I'll never come back to make
cookies with you ever you have a weird
obsession with cookies I don't
understand what it is can I come
Kim Bridget come can Bridget boom we're
not coming oh I guess he's not going
either
cuz I'm not invited when tomorrow yeah
maybe
yes sir
love you too
by I gotta hang up is it open this is
yes sir yes sir I don't think we should
make cookies that's gonna be a fillet
you guys ah yo you got a booger on your
nose oh nothing came out dad wants me to
make cookies with him tomorrow
uh I'm thinking about not I have a cold
Michael let's just go over and make the
day the last time I did make cookies
with Grandpa this happened I let me play
it today I'm gonna got your name yeah
you want me to you're not huh I don't
know do you really want that to happen
again because I don't think it's gonna
happen again because he's taking anger
management I'm not baking cookies with
dad how about that how about that I'm
calling that out now I'm not really do
all go cook in your face we'll do the
cookies okay but if I'm saying if I did
miss it
he wouldn't do nothing I think he's
learning so anyway better I'm gonna get
out of here you guys thanks for watching
food was good
nice job Bridget so where that's gonna
be a friend of you guys thanks for
watching we smell my hand what was that
does it smell like shit or something yes
he got a smell like crap right now okay
Michael anyway thanks for watching you
guys
I don't know what else to say I'm not
doing cookies I'm gonna do that face
dude
you annoy me like that face annoys me
grime favorite follow her not everything
that's it
