what's going on you guys kid me on a
camera here my ear really today is
Sunday and today yeah what are we doing
today we're getting one of those air
fryers that grandpa's using it's gonna
air fry some food that's exciting
try to cut out some of those calories
and then I'm gonna go to McDonald's not
really last night was the conor mcgregor
jose a aldo fight oh my god it ended
that was so awesome
you did ended in 12 seconds one-hit
knockout unbelievable you haven't seen
it find it on youtube you could probably
find it on vine so today we're just
gonna be hanging out I got it cold so
I'm not going over to Grandpa's house
for Sunday dinner and I want to test his
anger management I want to see if he
gets pissed off that I don't go because
he making some sort of soup or something
and I don't want to eat it so I'm gonna
see if he gets pissed off at me boy
you're in my heart shit again let's see
if he does it if you're wondering why I
made angle grande pile start taking
anger management lessons the next one
comes next week dad maybe tomorrow is
because of the video below or flashing
up on the screen he went apeshit while
wrapping paper so I told him he had to
get yeah I don't know if it's lessons or
whatever it is
I told me has to do it because this is
enough well now it doesn't it so getting
angry well maybe I could take us on with
that anyway let's get this Sunday
started WWE TLC is tonight folks
911 watch it because the only W has been
dog shit lately I'm watching it okay
what is this thing my beautiful
grandmother made that really how she
took a class
see grandma gave us a reef is she made
it so your grandma's a Shannon let's
just go ahead and do this
granny Shannon Polly frigid it's going
to make reindeer cookies as your grandma
so this is our new reef I'm glad you two
put it on the door because that's just
too bad I wish I could see how big it is
put it next to me this thing Jesus yeah
it's pretty big Ezri she's dead okay so
the other day dad had one of these air
fryers and he wanted us to try it so I
feel awkward that I write the Box like
that actually
it's years all right so we're gonna try
some air frying some chicken tonight
bridges go oh no no please stop I don't
how many people know it but I cannot
stand the sound of styrofoam no no don't
touch it I just want to throw it out why
are you sitting over the other side
throwing it away
close your right of it
I'm gonna hold the camera for it yeah
man it's hard so hard how is this
yeah you really figured it out look
everybody Bridget cracked the case
well you're gonna break it what about
this oh the tape I don't want to hear it
dude that's so funny so shit so cool
okay this rice and chicken what the hell
is that from oh my god I don't know or
want to know use a freakin tissue next
time hey man that's not what that is so
this light actually cause like a weird
color while we're in this kitchen
Bridget well shall we give the screen Oh
crazy ain't it it's nasty nasty okay so
she dips the chicken and the egg mixture
then she puts it in this shake-and-bake
extra crispy thing then it says to do
this oddly you sit in there that is so
funny and that's it we got the chicken
in there I'm pretty sure we can stack it
like this we're gonna find out though
hopefully I imagine we can that's what's
the big basket we stick it in there and
how many minutes ten minutes and then
turn it over for eight to twelve
so that was on ten minutes and we're
gonna wait okay it's ready to take it
out Reggie already flipped it once
let's see what it looks like Oh take
another look-see looks pretty good it
does it's gonna plate look everywhere so
what is what pink salt explain that to
me
apparently it's really good for you it
has all the minerals you need okay yeah
I missed you too
you can bring some by yeah all right yes
sir
love you too
all right
okay yogi Phil you bring it up I don't
have Mickey that phone call tomorrow I
love you I missed you today okay so he
isn't being nice right now so I just got
off the phone with dad he called me and
he wanted to talk and see how I was
feeling and he wanted to know if I was
feeling better
and he wanted to tell me he made soup
and that he might bring some by and it
was unusually nice like yesterday
yesterday he brought me like cotton
candy and I think that he doesn't want
anybody coming to his house he didn't
like the lady just showed up like that
and so he's just pretending to be in a
good mood so I won't call her back but
if I take that and I don't call her back
he's gonna flip again and then she's
back well that's gonna be it for today
you guys thanks for watching my ear
looks straight hey that's all I had to
do this whole time before you know I'm
saying that like why is my you look so
so why do I that's gonna be a fir today
you guys talk to Grandpa on the phone
Bridget air fried some chicken and that
was actually very delicious it's so good
take a bow wait why are you bow why am i
bowing like you now I cooked that's not
what it means when you take a bow it's
like okay how about this on Broadway
when it's over
the audience will bow to the people on
stage yeah that was inadvertently
x-rated and I apologize that was not my
attention it's my hat that was not my
intention so I'm gonna get out of here
there we go watch some Christmas movies
gonna sing Christmas carols in the
living room with chin up here have
ourselves a good little Sunday I am NOT
salmon quiet Shannon that's gonna be
thanks for watching you guys good
chicken Bridgette thank you I mean we're
chucks tomorrow
yeah pork chops pork chops that's gonna
be a fitted a you guys think this hat
keeps looking on my head now I'll look
you in order no you're cute ugly head no
I think that's gonna be a forget you
guys thanks for watching like subscribe
favorite song on everything don't but to
us that's it
well look yeah come look though what
what the hell is that thing
