what's going on you guys get me on a
camera here Brigitte West not here
Brigitte went shopping with her mom for
Christmas which means today is going to
be a relatively Bridget free vlog if not
completely no Bridget in this vlog today
folks unless she comes home then I
cannot live by what I just said and it
is a Bridget blog but maybe this is a
Bridget free vlog folks today is
Saturday and today angry grandpa is
probably not talking to me because
yesterday I had somebody show up to
grandpa's house and teach him anger
management I wanted to film it that was
my first question I talked to her I
asked her to come over you know just to
help him go over some anger management
exercises and I asked her if I could
film it and she said it's not considered
professional and she wouldn't allow me
to film it so I can't film it but right
now angry grandpa is getting anger
management therapy and he has answered
my text messages all day he's mad not my
problem
kind of my problem okay it's my problem
and I take full credit for it anyway
forget this I don't want to do an intro
right now I got to go to Walmart I got
to get pizza because tonight is UFC
jos√©e Aldo vs Conor McGregor and I need
to get some grub let's go to Walmart
gluten-free pizza how much my pizza but
I never need to dilute what exactly is
gluten
I don't know what I wanted on extra
gooey where's the double gluten gluten
free now honey double
triple just big glue now leave it okay
full disclosure I film that earlier I
went to Walmart earlier we got pizza not
the gluten-free kind by the way which I
don't know what gluten is
anyway let's get this Saturday started
without Bridget what is all this I went
to chromers Michael I bought you some
double cheese popcorn okay
were you and I got you
cotton candy okay oh I got more why'd
you do this
I got you some salted in the shell
peanut they are delicious
I can't even I got ot are you pissing
about yesterday no noise okay I learned
a few things yesterday I love you
Michael what though and you see oh I got
you a Bridget candy apples and that is
awesome
whoa you know you got products you into
Cromer's you know when to chromatins
Bobby I'll do 100 miles just get this
try that Michael is that awesome or what
that's good use me as I go puppy cause
I've got a better taste I'm confused why
I love you son and I'm good at that was
time I started showing y'all might 11
I'm never gonna break anything of yours
again hopefully you won't see it I
promise
I saw that look you made what look up
what's up Michael uh-huh anyway all
that's for you sir Robert Sarah you're
more than welcome
I know that you do the same for me if
you went to promise yeah but I wouldn't
drop all the way then talk a while huh
we knew sit and talk anymore I'll get
right here throw what kill my chair it's
broke so what do you think man but
what's going on with you today
nothing it's kind of nice today in your
back yard talking to you son I'm really
enjoying it say I knew there was
something what you made some goofy face
no I had puck or my mouth pick up a root
ball oh this is promising oh yes it's
real promising you're mad at me aren't
you I'm not mad because I love you too
much be bad let's get down to the
nitty-gritty you're pissed off that I
called someone to come help oh no
Michael we surprised I didn't know they
made health calls
wait a see that's what this is about you
just don't them to come over tomorrow
you see I didn't know they made house
calls
well they usually don't well I'm healed
the Tooth Fairy came down touch me and
said your heel so no more anger yeah
right hey how this works
I said no more anger so no more what are
you laughing cuz I see right through it
hey nephew Michael
are you twitching over here with you no
he's not my nerves bad always whisper
late well your nerves bad I thought you
were happy I am happy I hope you enjoy
your popcorn I will is there any reason
what you've done to me so that was weird
dad brought over popcorn peanuts some
sort of white chocolate cinnamon popcorn
cotton candy and candy apples well
that's gonna be it for today you guys
thanks for watching
Bridget went to Walmart get some drinks
for the UFC pay-per-view tonight look
forward to that so um I have a bridge of
four yarrow click like if you're excited
about that today was a relatively good
day uh grandpa stopped by and he wasn't
up in oddly good mood there were signs
of improvement there okay it's a couple
of things it's either one he's genuinely
changed too
the lady came to his house yesterday and
he never wants her to come back so he's
pretending to change or three I don't
even know I can't read it I don't
understand he drove to Columbia today to
get me caught in candy he had to driven
to columbia that's where chrome whirs
its chrome versus a market in columbia
so i don't know i don't know what to
make of it I don't know if I'm being set
up for something I just want him I know
I can't change him completely because
he's been this way all of our lives and
I'm getting blurry I'm gonna work on
that I don't know what to do I don't
know what I want I just want something
to change because I'm gonna I'm gonna
bottom out here if things don't change
I'm gonna lose it and I don't want to
lose it so hey maybe this is the new him
it's not though cuz he was making those
faces I just want to take a minute at
the end of the vlog here to tell you
guys how appreciative
pree I can't talk how appreciative why
can't I say this word how appreciative I
am to have you guys in my life in
grandpa's life and Bridget's life you
know there's been a youtube problem
since October it's a sub box problem
where where lots of youtubers aren't
being seen because the I don't know the
deal I don't know how to fix it I've
been talking to a guy named futuristic
hub about it and I've been noticing as a
trend on other YouTube accounts and I've
been watching it and it's I don't know
the explanation for it but you guys are
here to watch me during the problem and
you're liking you're sharing and we
wouldn't survive without you guys so
thank you guys so much for all the
support for always being here
Michael focus come on thank you guys for
everything you do for us I appreciate it
more than you guys know thank you for
bearing with me while I deal with dad
and I don't even know what's going on
myself but I'm gonna figure it out like
subscribe favorite and that's it
Oh God rich in water
