you know dad stop putting stuff in that
fire dad okay this is gonna burn down I
know it is come on Jew don't do this
he's gonna do it when are you gonna
finish it up or we got in huh
fireplace is not supposed to make that
kind of noise they do here are you proud
of yourself
yeah buddy mess up oh my Chris just come
inside no I'm gonna hurt come on Mike I
want to make sure we're all wat your
house that you know I'm getting mad dad
no not right now it seems okay
wha you're done throwing stuff in it
that's why I am call number one version
we're gonna call 9-1-1 dad I'm getting
the bad guy dude
you know putting presents in there are
you nothing to did oh my god
he put a present in the fireplace
Bridget I'm not planning on leaving not
playing you are hey don't give shoes
whose Cabbage Patch doll was that
Ganesha saw your top well I'm home
grandpa flipped out and I made some
phone calls so I'm gonna end this video
here it's a short aftermath video I
wanted to get out of the house because
if you didn't see it
God where'd you get water that's fine go
ahead go crazy go crazy all you want I
just got a phone call bag I'm not I
can't won't be able to force grandpa to
go anywhere he won't do it if I try to
say go to anger management he's not
gonna go but I own that house and I can
send somebody there if I want so dad I
don't want to go to anger management
well in anger management is gonna come
too dad
that's it time for some anger management
um for some lessons even if he doesn't
learn from it I'm gonna at least at the
very least disrupt his day so dad when
you see this it might have already been
too late
anger management's coming that's gonna
be a funny day you guys sorry if you're
angry at me forgetting anger management
but that's out of control like subscribe
favorite in a storms are coming Oh God
friggin water
