what's going on you guys kid we had a
camera here bridge West out there I'm
doing the intro without her because why
not because forget it because I decided
to do it right now
today his Thursday and today it's
throwback Thursday and today I'm gonna
try to get grandpa to talk about a story
from our past with him had him tell it
if you can't tell my voice is a little
low I got a cold today I keep messing
with my nose lately it has to do with my
co left me doing was like two weeks now
I gotta stop I want grandpa to tell a
story from his past about Uncle Frank it
was a fictitious uncle that we never had
who Charles my brother thought was our
uncle that gave him a Christmas present
one year if you haven't seen it we just
put up the video where grandpa goes to
the Toys for Tots building I went with
them if you want to see that the link is
below check it out hope you guys enjoy
it it's it's a bear it's very important
and if you guys can take a minute to
watch the video I hope you guys like it
just check it out so anyway going over
to grandpa's house chillin out enjoying
my Thursday let's get us started let me
cook of like three hours Jimmy shut up
baby cooking 15 minutes yet oh I only
cook you have six minutes of goddamn
time your microwave over citizen yeah
you blood sumbitch man you could have
got one state owned for a while I
thought a damn con fight you bought me
bring it anywhere no proof that you have
anger problems I have no problem I
wanted to tell a throwback Thursday
story with you today what I want to tell
you the Uncle Frank story we were our
forties janitorial and one year t they
paid janitors much money okay but when
you in we went we were bored rotated we
come on to a bunch of kids on the front
porch we lived in Liberty homes in and
also Charlie doll them and try to to a
presents presents daddy presents
oh yeah well nobody father the fact they
put on the wrong helmet we
getting a present so we took him in and
showing up man damn press it Jennifer
Merry Christmas Jimmy Oh she'd had a
teeth problems you know she said she
didn't handle teeth because they were
they were like rotted they were talking
about taking me to DSS quit laughing it
wasn't funny Danny quit laughing I'm
laughing because she had an abscess
tooth the made her face well you got
that no idea well anyway they like it
was no picture of Kim's face
how did you guys not notice that she had
some sort of dental because I thought
she had cut me off but anyway I to judge
you know and he said well he said you
know something screen I'm telling you
like I feel arrested right now I was
ever what he's a charming lady how was
this dotted leg he said could you should
have brought the dinner six months ago
so the Charlie graduate friend he's
shaking it boy and he's looking at you
know he's AE I got me a present I'm
famous her damn where you go get drilled
a way where you were over an elbow I
cook so he read the card and said to
Charlie from Uncle Frank well he opened
up it was a goddamn bunch of motel shit
you know I'll wheel himself yeah boy I
got it oh thank you so much y'all go
Frank
Thank You old man other Frank got me
card oh god baby oh no Frank I remember
you wouldn't born in that's all talking
about I'm saying every year after that
oh you hadn't been born after that I
remember there's a couple years I did at
row would always say hey what Uncle
Frank get us yeah and I don't know what
he's talking about
whoo any unlike well uncle prank hanging
around right now
and childhood even he was grown almost
retired there was no real other prank
well tell me about that so wait when did
Charlie find out there was no Uncle
Frank
he was like 17 18 no I'm serious how did
that conversation go because he one day
he did me as a team dad
I was joking private bring us clothes
like he did that one time and I didn't
bought a bus bubble but Oh Frank Charlie
ain't no Uncle Frank
he got mad and he didn't tell me for a
long time over Uncle Frank that didn't
exist another five waited every hour
from Frank did exist he did when his
uncle
Thank You Uncle Frank Thank You Uncle
Frank for that you did you met a good
Christmas that year though yeah you had
a good we had no Christmas so come on
River janitor man we made no money okay
what is this this I can't eat fried food
I can't eat grief so I found this today
at Walmart and you can fly without
grease it's like airfryer its head fry
here there
whew
I don't need fish line yeah yeah Khalfan
motherfucker get the fuck out of my way
goddamn fuck yeah
and that's product a fish without grease
okay scrumptious
hmm video from Bettles trying to lick
this fork you can't have a fork Bella
should they give it to me
I'll take your Paul though but you can't
have that okay why why you fell me why I
don't know I want to I know you want to
talk about the freaking present thing
what was that
he's crazy that's what it is can I get
cold medicine I don't feel good
yes instead of recording can you get me
cold man I'm a headache
my throat is fucked up mmm we just got
back from dad's house and he flipped is
that's what you wanted me to talk about
it so we just got back from dad's house
and he flipped out while wrapping some
presents and accorded Aboriginal most a
thousand fire that's what I think I mean
that was not even cool Michael it's
actually kind of scary it's fine it was
an accident
yeah you know you know it most of all
I'm sick I'm so sick I need medicine
most house fires are good then okay fine
I don't want to yell well that's gonna
be it for today you guys thanks for
watching I love you can see but we got a
little bit of cold air going on finally
it's been so hot so dad flipped out
today uh wrapping presents I'm gonna
upload that tomorrow I kind of don't
know what to do anymore we're doing the
anger management thing well that doesn't
help the fact that he almost burned down
the house
so anyway hey cool I don't we'll talk
about it off camera so thanks for
watching you guys I know the vlog might
be a little bit shorter Brenda's getting
rude uh I'm gonna get out of here
grandpa flipped out so I'm gonna upload
that tomorrow but anyway thanks for
watching you guys
just stop going over
