what's going on you guys get me on a
camera here until I see ya right there
and today is Sunday today is Sunday and
you guys before we do anything else
right off the bat we're going to eat
we're going to eat guys don't talk about
nothing new
don't tell them we're guys we're eating
a very special delicious me there's
nothing new it's nothing we eat every
day sometimes ten times a day guys we
eat like crazy in today's no different
okay into the intro I don't even drag
out the intro anymore okay guys today is
Sunday today we're eating today
unfortunately we go drive on the roads
which are totally iced over I forgot
about that I got an idea
guys do you know where we're going let
us know in the comments can I do what I
was saying now I have an idea
thank she's still doing it she's still
insulting me I just tell you my idea
I say we prank your mom make them think
we're gonna wreck okay she was way too
excited about that folks
hey hey silly getting pranked right now
we're what's going on look all the ice
on the road so he's having like a real
panic attack I feel like I'm just gonna
ride their ass one second
right now's okay yeah this is good since
she's gone really fast
Oh guys we are on our way to get lunch
at Nigel's good food and I started the
scene and then Cindy sort of freaking
out
backseat driving back there and are you
doing okay Cindy let's call vo shit bar
Cindy yes Michael you're holding it yeah
I don't know I'm scared I was Cindy I
just thought as a parent to say seatbelt
oh you guys if you flip this thing I
want to be able to get out of it I don't
wanna be hanging upside down oh yeah
where you see Bono say new word this is
straight up I owe money were driving she
said keep your distance can you ride up
all the way all these people this roller
coaster I am really excited dude like
this food it's gonna be delicious
I'm excited to get there and be alive
it's taken a while to get there I'll be
honest with you guys scared I'm pretty
scary
taking this wall we are on our way to
Nigel's good food which is if you
haven't seen it before on the vlog we
went there and they had the best chicken
wings ever
fingers crossed that they're just as
good again I want to go back I want to
enjoy it I want to get off of this row
because it's extremely dangerous like
it's actually kind of scary we're
starting to get into a influx of traffic
so hopefully that doesn't like slow us
down on our way to Nigel's this like
road you guys is nearly shut
down like every car that I've seen
driving over this ice has been sliding
this looks dangerous in d4 oh it's scary
for us too did I just split I'm going
for you don't are you scared
you keep your eyes open keep your eyes
on the road Bridget don't talk to
Michael what's up Bridget hey babe what
are you doing eyes on the road Bridget
we left our house like 45 minutes ago
you guys to go eat some food and like
we're still on the road traveling we're
still on our way to get the food there's
like two point six miles left
yeah so it's 245 2.6 miles you guys I'm
gonna show the clock when we get there
just to see how long it took us to get
2.6 miles because guys we are at a
complete standstill yeah this is oh my
god he's look he's gonna wreck she would
oh my god dude we just got to our
destination everybody it is 307 I
brought these and I knew I don't know I
just brought them and I'm going to have
one right now guys it took us almost 20
minutes to get like two miles that is
insane let's go eat we still got to go
home I'm not taking that way let's just
move into Nigel's
okay let's do it oh god we just got out
of the car they got it man my body's
moving the ring we feel like we've been
on an adventurous end
xiety I'm telling you right now this is
exactly how Charles Ingalls felt when
they got to Walnut Grove from sleepy I
was hired if you can parry get something
I'm Charles Ingalls I am the man of the
wilderness and the Lions and I I'm
Charles Ingalls I'm the reiteration
reincarnation of Charles Ingalls that's
nice
what up man are you nice to meet you man
Charles Ingalls Bridget academ oh this
is the reason we came yeah I even got a
gigs chicken sandwich
faster yes how much for the recipe okay
guys so we love these wings so much that
I got an order mom got an ordered mine
Kelly got an order are you putting that
out it's just really funny like they're
so good
these are appetizers guys good yeah but
I'm done yeah no this is just this is a
start and I am soaked you know what we
should have came here numbered when we
came and gave jobs for here there's no
way there's no way there's just no
freaking way and then they would be up
these are Dame these are the wings yes
I'm telling you I need you to them yeah
this food you guys number one dad would
have absolutely loved this place
what do you thought you did what do you
think something oh yeah dad would have
been he was taking one boy huh Mike oh
my god guys I got this this was
open-faced basically chicken pot pie and
it was freakin magical we got this
cornbread we're going home in a second I
just wanted to tell you what we got how
good it was and how it was actually
worth risking our lives over we almost
died for this meal and it would have
been worth it making a judgment call
right now mois√©s cornbread and the
world yeah it is so good how dad always
made cornbread it was dry and oh I was
eating no sometimes it was like really
but that seriously like a corn front
cake hmm but seriously my kind of a
question okay who was president when you
were born why I don't know I'm testing
your knowledge is this like her new
thing you're very smart 87 I think that
was Reagan might even Bush what about me
Clinton what about mom excellent
I wonder USA was Nixon how do you know
what I really would
yeah Nixon he never resigned to 74 so
how do you know how do you know this how
do I know like I listened in school my
okay okay fine who is a president in
1901 I would say that was Washington I
think like early night Washington who
Jordan the first President of the United
States George Washington yes was it like
early 1900s or something okay number one
president 1901 was McKinley and
Roosevelt
number two George Washington died in
1799 Sidney no forget how I know that
did you think George Washington was
around we had flash photography there's
no photos of the man oh my gosh maybe I
never like look to see if there was
photos of him I don't know I'm sorry
don't know bad cuz I didn't know that
let me ask you a question Cindy when do
you think Abraham Lincoln was
assassinated was he was a 1960 oh okay
it was the eighteen microts what okay
what years a Boston Tea Party well that
was before 1776 so primarily 74 or 75
okay what do you think they did what do
I think they did yeah you what taxes
were too high say through tea and the
Boston Harbor
is this no way I thought it was a tea
party what like they all go together to
help me oh my god what's going on our
educational system is doomed
boy the Boston Tea Party it was a big
gathering and they all drunk tinea look
I'm saying
I just cut history class all the time so
maybe I'm missing a few I don't know so
I think Cindy thought like George
Washington was privy to information
about the internet like when did you
think he died if he was president in
1901 I never really thought about it
Michael this is crazy okay
you know there's pictures of him out
there I mean I don't know this is crazy
this but I'm keeping the scene in the
blog so you guys know yeah yeah I'm
keeping this scene in the blog president
President Washington 1901 like for a
minute I thought she thought there was
another Washington as president you know
like wait which Washington like Darrell
Washington like who is she talking about
yeah but Sarah why should a president no
no okay
I can't but seriously the Boston Tea
Party the fellas so he goes at a party
like a real party like a gathering y'all
joking no I turn to your face you're
joking
Miette Cindy are y'all like messing with
me here I would have known a different I
mean you two you two are related
cover the win this is great okay yeah it
was in 73 the Boston Tea Party was it
1973 1773 you think we seceded from the
British Union and in 1973 a lot of
partying going on in early 70s Boston
Tea Party
though what else the back
I don't know why were they all went to
in New York what stock was that in 70s
yeah so you thought the Boston Tea Party
happened around the same time in
Woodstock why would they call a party
here what is wrong with you people do
you know who Paul Revere is who the hell
is Paul Revere Paul Revere was the
blacksmith that look I can't keep doing
this okay you guys Paul Revere Oh
the British are coming the British are
coming
like how do you not know right the one
in Deborah Vee she's joking Cindy she
know the duty to die Oh bear oh I can't
I'm really so did the both of you just
like what school was going on you're
just like when can I talk to Doug whoa
what's Doug doing today I was so focused
on you I didn't care about history dude
anyway check up on me I love this is
like fourth grade history oh yeah this
this is you don't learn this at the end
of history
that's third grade for free you were
graduating we're together you should
have known it by then like I said I
never paid a lot of attention in history
class who does history's my god me
shit wrong with you people did you think
George Washington had an iPhone okay
this is it we're gonna get them some
tutoring all right so we're getting out
of here in just a second but I got to
check on something I saw in the comments
I guess what I don't know what something
is what it there it is what I read some
comments and yesterday's vlog is this
short under my god it's your freaky baby
boy look Oh underwear now I can't even
fed normal underwear rid of your
comments we all saw this dangling up
there and I don't know what it show you
it it you shall ride okay I'll show you
one second we'll be right back you go
like this okay I'm calling BS on that
what here's what should finally do with
dry hair but that's what it is guys we
do the outro I don't know you're crazy
my clothes kind of look like weird
grandma underway or something yeah
okay okay I don't know I can't believe
you and your mom like seriously I never
liked history okay listen there's never
like packed there's one thing to not
like history and then it's another to
think George Washington was alive of the
1908 that was mom
you thought it to bridge a like they
seriously do you think the quote was
like you know if we lose net neutrality
then dumb and silent we may be led like
sheep to slaughter like no the George
Washington quote about freedom to forget
it oh my god history class ever but
there's a couple of dates that you
should know number one is 1776 that's
just I'm just all about 1776 thanks for
watching you guys what a great day it
was my head hurts like you know what I
like
2018 guys she cuz like subscribe
favorite fun everything to us and 1776
is when they signed the Declaration of
Independence okay now what is it Michael
George Washington or Declaration of
Independence Boston Tea Party they're
all the same they're not involved to say
of course they were the building blocks
to our country
I know
