what's going on you guys kid beyond a
camera here
Petula steer right there and by the way
I only call you when it's half past we
try sob I'm gonna listen to that song by
the weekend like all day I you know I've
heard it but I haven't listened to it
it's pretty good it is really I owe me
fucker whinnies half pad hey it's
obvious what I'm saying
I'm your side bitch is that what this
song means that's one one that's what I
kind of think it means Bridget if you
were a side bitch I'm the best side I
stab not hiding it very well you know I
a whole YouTube channel with my side
bitch I hope my wife don't watch it yeah
honey or go on YouTube today I know I'm
never ever home I know I spent 24 hours
a day at that other house don't worry
about us know you're not shy I'm not
gonna make this intro very long I'm
gonna get out of here pretty soon I'm
going over to grandpa's today we're
gonna go over to see Toys for Tots so he
wants to talk really he's not pissed off
about the ticket he hasn't mentioned it
maybe doesn't know well I'm still mad
off the kitchen well so mine man hey I'm
still mad at dad
but Toys for Tots is a really good cause
absolutely Derek's there we're gonna go
see Derek and maybe I'll talk to that I
don't forgive dad but I'm gonna see if
he's pissed off about the ticket cuz I
don't know I feel bad about that anyway
I'm gonna go over to see grandpa gonna
I'll just say make things right but that
dog threw me off track no he needs to
make things right
whew that's Bridgette speaking her
normal language like wait something in
doing what's today Wednesday
it was the same bar
doing it through they do it she speaks
dawn I'm glad you're talking to me yeah
well for this I will now I you still mad
about the ticket yes I'm mad about to
you you you go to resonant and yeah I
was all dressed you were not dressed
yeah was dress I want to go you you fell
asleep the last my chiquita wrestling
bet a microphone cheap last night you
would have fallen asleep well I'm upset
with you but Toys for Tots this is
different story so let me guess you're
gonna drop me off at home and we're
gonna talk for a few days I'm taking you
home right now then I'm gonna force you
to talk to me
are you a you're heard old saying you
can lead a horse to water but you can't
make a drink yeah well you ride them Bob
my truck I'll be home but we got talk
we'll see I guarantee I make you talk I
bet you don't you want the files on it
Hey look there there walk through the
water can you lay your coat down no I
cannot shit you I need a ladder to get
it but you knew you and use your ladder
to get the truck are you coming or not
so what you doing today
you're trying to make a point at
autonomy I know to do I can see right
through it
grandpa's ignoring us dumbass your anger
issues are frightening
oh you talk to me well I need to make
this point with you I don't have anger
issue you just screamed at a car do you
forget it I don't have any anger issues
then God well we're talking about anger
management soon yeah you need to go you
need to go oh shit
what keys when do we stop or something
fuck oh you better speed up I'm done
with it
dirt wads I'm done looking at anger
management that you go go for joinings
you're gonna go I would if I had anger
issues like what okay you destroyed my
kitchen it wasn't like you didn't eat it
it needs to be what do you call it what
does that even mean it needed to be
remodeled over what was it cookie recipe
my daughter chip now let me ask you this
do you lie about it yeah was in the back
of the tow house bag no I guarantee you
if you compare the recipe
my mama wrote that yes she wrote from
the back of the tow house bag but she
still wrote it and I found it I had an
old girl why would I have had it
I died hold on okay yeah yeah I'm pissed
about that because now when you
committed let's make why what I'm not
coming
you are coming not this cooking shit you
will come a cookie to me
you understand that you will just
fucking sick of it why are you mad we're
gonna react because of the shit I had to
get my half I'm a bad person
so Derek told us to look for toys for
kids in between 10 and 15 because nobody
donates for them so rush lives I like
them I tell to get stuff I know they'll
know and like Undertaker
Hogan's son Cole do you think absolutely
oh I didn't do the thing yet
we're in target getting much toys for
Toys for Tots right now so if you can
get anything one Richard what's the
point of this like what it on it sit on
it sit wait am i daddy oh that's so cute
Susie what is this what this is cool
I've met I don't I think it's more like
a decoration I don't know Bridget what's
in this it was green tea was cuz they're
so liquid in it
okay were you still drinking that no
shall we yeah whatever
hey Bridget it's me girl in the cup yeah
fuck you who are you kidding me no bitch
that's my side chick
I'll me fuck her well is that well that
was my day went to Toys for Tots with
anger grandpa went to Target to get some
more toys for tots with Bridget had a
good day
ah pretty good day dad was an asshole
once but it is what it is it was a good
day out of the way so I'm gonna get out
of here thanks for watching you guys
like
subscribe favorite forum on everything
and I only fuck you when is my voice is
out because I went to wrestling so I
really am gonna have to sing this again
cuz I want to sing it I want to hit
those high notes babe try it try hit the
high note try um here we go I don't if
you can hurt it but I farted as I
cleared my throat I don't think your
microphone picked it up but just in case
today
alright ah let me get the note ah ah
holy fuck you when it's half past five
well um you haven't so what time is it
7:15 I only fuck you at 7:51
what are you doing
