what's going on you guys keep me on a
camera here bridge us not here JC who
said something hi hi we are here outside
the North Charleston Coliseum for Monday
Night Raw and if the camera is a little
shaky it's because I'm trying out a new
all-new HD quality how do I look
you excited all right who do you hope to
see you tonight
Roman reigns who do you hope to see
Jenny of course Dean remember she missed
the waving she wants to bear Dean
Ambrose's child
oh god yes please marry me people tweet
this to Dean Ambrose Jin he's gonna like
get a restraining order
yeah I want that girl out of my life I'm
just kidding
I loved amber she's not kidding no she's
not if she finds out where he lives
she's gonna be like waiting outside of
his apartment door I mean heels marry me
so I mean I'll take Dean Ambrose
so you're saying he's dumber than me you
just trying to look cool hop down man
JC's a badass you see that hey I do it
okay
you can't get your ticket unless you go
right there and do the new day rocks
thing really loudly then you're not
going oh you both are gated you got to
scream it oh you know you look good by
itself wait wait get more over here so
people over there see you yeah yeah
yeah Jesus yeah be perfectly okay let's
get the hell out of here right we're not
with her Jesus I don't know if the
camera picked up how big that was no one
huge man I don't think it picked it up
really so we ran into this kid and I
just gave him some second row tickets
how about that no I I don't know if
anybody let's not show the barcode well
nice running into you again again have
fun you guys excited - oh yeah this is
their first time being - wrestling is
supposed to be lives yes money nobody
write on TV tonight
whoopee yeah oh yeah
Oh
Oh
you're ducking during rush you see you
don't get seen eating yes
Oh
all right
oh my god
okay
well it's over which bank oh dude the
most amazing show ever you have a good
time dude I lost my voice and I got a
migraine or Jimmy almost got crushed at
one point that got stuck in there
I wonder if grandpa's mad that he missed
it the what I want to have dad's pissed
off and I think give me a ticket call
the boy I would be Michael Brothers hair
gel oh well yeah I'm sure there's a lot
for you good so here's the carnage
have fun Wow every what's your name in
Colby Colby Weber Colby man would you
thinking show he was freaking awesome
it's been a while since I've actually
seen them de Armas lwe by TV in Sudan
which December WrestleMania when I saw
Undertaker losing streak sorry you start
watching that was the reason why I was
under you okay Undertaker and he loses
of course I went while I was a d-bus
can't go and go wrong while dad sorry
ever since I've got NC page I freaking
be starts going going all Riley they
were saying get whip it with myself okay
down boy down boy
oh Jesus you're a problem right now
we're finally leaving my battery is
dying Jennifer I had to get closer to
Roman reigns just know the smell his
hair
Oh to see if it matched the shell that
she wiped off of the barrier and it did
dad how does my hand dad wasn't invited
to Monday Night Raw and we're going home
he met our truth and we're going home
dad I don't care
but okay we're not getting charged with
stalking tonight so we're leaving and
that's it
ha no now let's get out of here okay
let's go man
bye Jenny that's a circus man she's good
I'm getting talk yeah okay
to let her in well Magi for okay I guess
what a lot man you're gonna get a
breakdown through the window well as you
can see it's the next day
and I'm sort of having a little anxiety
maybe I should've got you dad a ticket
are you kidding me
stop just stop what could the
repercussions be what do you mean what
if he shows up and busts out the windows
in the house then call the fucking cops
you're not high well this time I that's
how pathetically go do it so yeah I know
well I didn't get grandpa ticket a
wrestling part of me I don't know if you
wanted to go he didn't want to go me
with that even if the show wasn't the
best it was still really enjoyable to be
there had a great time I really enjoyed
being there with you know my nephew's at
one point Jimmy almost got crushed when
Roman reigns through Sheamus into the
barricade so it was crazy I looked that
up uh he was sitting on the chair when
it happened he was standing at the
barrier and he Flo flew into his chair
so I look at all the okay he's good met
a lot of you guys while I was there uh
one of them I gave some of my tickets to
uh I bought tickets beforehand I was
also getting tickets at the show so I
didn't know which would be better and I
got my tickets and I ran into him so I
gave him the tickets that I had uh I
hope you had a good time buddy I don't
know how to get in touch with you rented
one young and I don't know what he was
saying but you were cool too I don't
know what you were talking about the
page thing yeah that was that was funny
I don't know what you were talking about
but it was nice meeting you too
and that's it I had a great time I'm
running at raw maybe I should have got
dad a ticket and I had an extra ticket
at sex
like/subscribe
I gotta get out of here look this is
it's okay what are you doing
