what's going on you guys kid behind a
camera here and Bridget west is not here
she's upset us tear right there until
you're ideally checked you guys and
today is Sunday I wanted to say Monday
but it isn't it's actually Sunday and if
you're wondering why I'm starting the
vlog off at Sunday at 6 o'clock at night
you know looks like it's fucking 2:00 in
the morning right now if you're
wondering why I'm sorry about my vlog on
Sunday even though putting it up Monday
is it's because I'm going to wrestling
tonight I'm actually kind of torn I
maybe I can get some advice from you
bridges not going she doesn't want to go
should I get dad a ticket you know
that's totally up to you I personally
wouldn't I mean he kind of destroyed our
concern that's my thing it's like I know
how it's gonna be if I don't take dad's
wrestling everyone's gonna be pissed off
you are sure you sure took your daddy
the morning I roll but if I do take them
you shouldn't be baked you should have
taken your day is like yeah cuz he hates
wrestling but then that's a big he was
so be kind of mad if you didn't come
back I forgive on a $3,000 ticket for
him to sit second row at the Royal
Rumble and guess what he left during the
Brock lesner man chili bang boom sweet
like bro the wine Rumble match is next
I'm gonna go smoke the halfway and I get
a text message from dad going back to
the hotel open means I had to look both
those chairs out of there and those are
I'm heavy
so anyway I'm gonna be going to
wrestling Monday Monday tonight tomorrow
night
it's gonna be Monday in a few hours so
by the time this goes up I'll be getting
ready to go to wrestling which is why
I'm starting my vlog off now which means
we're gonna cook chicken sandwiches
we're gonna go to Walmart we're gonna
hang out and we've long and log into the
night even while Bridget's asleep don't
no way that's it's a little too lazy
screaming and places are really exciting
obviously yeah
whoa so right now we're at Walmart and
we're getting the stuff to make homemade
chick-fil-a sandwiches we're going to
try to copycat the recipe now you should
soak it a little bit longer than we're
gonna but we were on a tight schedule so
we're going to soak it for like an hour
but for optimum taste you're going to
soak it in pickle juice a little bit
longer and because we're not completely
following their ingredients we're also
soaking in buttermilk because fuckit
that's why we're reinventing chick-fil-a
today our style so now we are just
walking around Walmart which is my
punishment for going to Walmart with
Bridget because I did that I'm forced
and subjected I'm trying to get her to
stop no this is stupid
we got done shopping for stuff with the
sandwiches
30 minutes ago and now she's just going
on shopping for these oh we do need
those actually the last one okay so for
our sandwiches
I have pounded flat this chicken okay I
took him out I put them in between saran
wrap and I beat the fucking a bit now
went out a little bit of buttermilk oh
oh oh what is that what look what the
hell is that must've been from dad
pickle juice a lot of people going what
the hell they are soaking the chicken
and pickle juice that's right I am
I know it is so weird it's weird but it
provides a flavor that I can't explain
so this is buttermilk and pickle juice I
might add a tad more pickle juice I'm
gonna put it in this dip plug bag in a
second I'm gonna put it in the fridge
for a few hours someone don't mess up on
me ah mess up Michael why don't you just
cover it what why don't you just cover
it well it's too late for suggestions
now what do you think girls that looks
so gross that does that makes me so mad
Nomad how did we miss that we cleaned
you cleaned
how did you miss that I don't want to
cool huh first time I'm celebrating if I
could I didn't clean the st. my mistake
oh do you clean all right we're just you
only been smarter to cover you're right
yeah I know
stop filming why are you putting it in
the bowl cuz I want to I could just hit
the bag
pickle juice the mixer in our fridge or
do you want to set it in something I
would cover the lens with my hands right
now but they're all pickled up you're
loving what am I just zooming on your
chest okay do that well it's been about
two hours so now we're gonna start
frying up our chick-fil-a sandwich but
first we got to make some chick-fil-a
sauce cuz you go to chick-fil-a you
gotta have chick-fil-a sauce first a
little bit of mayonnaise as much as that
repulses me some lemon juice honey
mustard and barbecue sauce that's it
just mix it together okay inside this we
got flour salt pepper onion powder
paprika now we take the chicken that's
been soaking for a while one of these
big flat ones then we're gonna get in
the flour we're gonna really work this
thing now I'm just gonna need it so I
can get the flour into the chicken all
right man is this supposed to boil like
that get close
my ball quit being afraid Bridget now
you see you working stupid right so you
just let it cook so there is the chicken
it's almost ready to flip I'm looking
for a nice golden-brown almost dark
golden not quite dark but a nice golden
brown bag so let's see if I succeeded
yeah
good
all right this chicken is done let's get
it out of here sit it on a paper towel
there we go nice flat piece of fried
chicken
we got a bun ready let's dress this
motherfucker they don't put it directly
on to their sandwich but I'm gonna do
that a little bit this homemade
chick-fil-a sauce right on the bottom
button
you can't forget pickles I'm doing three
of them in this gigantic piece of fried
chicken and I might cut down the middle
and turn into Tuesday which is actually
cuz way too big so I am gonna cut this
fucking thing obviously should I cut it
now or just bite into it I've got better
you gonna miss me tonight oh I will make
sure Bella watch the meal morning ugh
roll over her and she's gonna start
barking at the screen if she does I
record it man they don't care I'm
leaving closet get out of my face now do
they go through toys get out of here you
got well that's gonna be a pretty day
you guys I'm getting out of here getting
ready for wrestling not wearing this by
the way I just woke up without a shirt
on and I grabbed something off the floor
I'm doing you're lunging what is it
white same though I'm gonna give out of
your thanks for watching you guys I'm
torn my teaching grandpa a lesson or my
not teaching you a lesson I'm teaching
him a lesson grandpa you're not going to
wrestling I'm gonna call you in a few
minutes
so thanks for watching you guys look for
me on Monday Night Raw tonight having a
good old time
bitch you filthy like subscribe fun and
everything but to us don't unfollow him
that tomorrow's vlog anger grandpa
doesn't go to Monday Night Raw
oh my god
Jesus bro what are you doing oh my god I
know they're right what are you looking
for
