please call the cop stop please stop I
can't do it anymore
stop saying it what
call the cops please stop it I've got to
all the comfort of my father he needs
anger management which is he's not right
now Michael he needs it who's gonna make
him go you I can't make him go - you can
make him go I'm not a breaking point
Michael you need to make him go I can't
do it no more
I'll send him I'll send it please
we'll go what's going on you guys kid be
any camera here for johast here today is
Saturday and today we woke up to dad
just
just going crazy please stop crying
goodness Yuto stop it Bridget maybe we
shouldn't stay up all night so what we
get live life baby but I'm just trying
to fuckin make make it okay somehow I
told you I will look into anger
management okay okay yeah we're gonna do
that
here what is your deal
I just wanted clean so we decided uh
we're gonna make grandpa get some anger
management something it's at a breaking
point because we woke up I thought
somebody was breaking into the house I
heard banging and it was him and he was
looking for like a recipe or something I
don't remember it's gonna be fine
Bridget
is it why wouldn't it you said that
before but I never tried to set up anger
management before I'm gonna sit him we
all need anger management
no I don't so I do yeah you should
probably good too so look I agree with
you we should have a beer tonight
Oh Olivia really I'll drink with you
tonight this is one of those nights
where I cry drink - I did are we good I
can't leave you well we got to figure
out I love you honey - dude he's getting
anger management yeah absolutely needs
it I think the reason I was so upset it
caught me off guard
how do you get a key I don't know you
said your wallets missing you have a key
in that where's your wallet what is
missing yeah I think I left it over
there with the con
Challenge no how's the tree look to you
Bridget
alright I guess I'm not getting a new
one I'm not getting a new one either
looks a little bit at the top it was
bent all over the place dude let's just
forgive some dirt maybe I look better
with gifts so we sent here for a while
we cleaned got the mess off the floor at
the bike up got the tree back together
anyway we're gonna get out of here
thanks for watching you guys
I know it's sure uh I get nothing else I
want to say that was the last for all so
we're gonna do some some form of anger
management I don't know why yet I'm
weighing my options I'm looking around
the videos up the lot of you guys have
suggested some good stuff Bridget I'm
sorry that you cried it's all right so
well try and get you in for a hug oh so
oh yeah
maybe - we better not break up because
of your dad we're not gone up Bridget
I'm you know I'm on your side on this
dude there was no reason for this one I
don't even understand it another
chocolate chip cookie recipe dad your
mom didn't use any recipe your mom he
was saying that the recipe was handed
down to him dad the recipe your mom used
for cookies is on the back of the Toll
House bag there was no family recipe for
cookies so frustrating dad and cookies
I'm gonna get out of here thanks for
watching you guys like what is that one
twitter.com slash oh right now Bridget
hey follow me Mike subscribe favorite if
I learn everything that's it
it's blurry anyway
oh my god Jesus bro what are you doing
oh my god I know they're right what are
you looking for
