what's going on you guys kid be on a
camera here for just here right there
and today I'm cold
is Thursday today is throwback Thursday
and today I'm gonna tell you guys a
story by the time grandpa went apeshit
on a box of doughnuts a dozen of them
this this story is pretty good cause
it's pretty gross
so I'm gonna sit Oh don't walk away
while I'm talking so I'm gonna tell you
guys a story tonight meanwhile later
Tamara tell you guys about the challenge
the condom challenge it's uploading
tomorrow I'm gonna tell you guys about
that at the end of the video hope you
guys like and hope I'm not too
embarrassed to upload it cuz it's
embarrassing you had something to do
with that
so it was nope so every Danny where are
you
yesterday's vlog I was trying to make
things right today's vlog I'm just
trying to make things wrong don't make
things wrong I'm just joking obviously
yeah cuz thanks for going like so good
things are going good finally things are
going good
ah I feel like they were always going
good it was just you or the problem I'm
talking about with that one promo dad no
okay he's the problem
I caught I talked it out a little while
ago we talked in the bumper about 20
minutes it was a good conversation
it was so fingers are going okay finally
for the first time you know it took a
while but things are finally going okay
I think you saw some big one
are you serious yeah yes I'm just saying
hey did you sleep oh yeah yeah today's
throwback Thursday saying I'm gonna
unbox a horror block today I'm gonna
hang out with the dogs and today I'm
gonna go back to bed after I tell the
story let's get the stores they started
bridge it's not in the intro B and then
I'm working on making things wrong I'm
going to dump these you know oh you want
to keep the flour
oh my B make Christmas flowers Wow how
did you find them
Amazon so just now we got a package and
Bridget got them the shortbread cookies
I've been looking for nobody had um
Walmart don't got them Walgreens don't
got him CVS don't got him tar
don't got him ain't nobody got him
Bridget found them early Christmas gift
Taiwan I want to eat it from tree o
Christmas tree we'll see if I get a
Christmas tree
random I did oh goodness
those cookies make Christmas ah okay
it's time for horror block wa don't dead
open inside Clyde don't get too close
there's open inside hey you can't mess
with that okay Bello before I open up
this block you can't fight with Clyde
okay Clyde before I open this box you
can't fight what Bell okay we all
remember what happened last time yeah
okay something happen here I'm scared
okay so first thing I'm gonna do is put
the shirt aside Claude you can't have
this buddy I'm sorry you can't have it
Wow look at that
look at Bridget it's huge
it is a David Hasselhoff sharknado
frickin bobble head or whatever it is
big dude Wow okay I do not know what
this is
cheese's a bloody handkerchief Bella
Twilight Zone dashboard accessory as
always a copy of Rue Morgue magazine
featuring Krampus what is this
certificate of authenticity teddy bear
girl Eddie Miller
that's an autograph art here I really
don't know with who this is Dracula
shortbreads check it out well that's
about it for today but before I got out
of here first
I gotta tell you about tomorrow's upload
and - I wanted to do a throwback
Thursday story that's what I'm gonna do
and I'm hearing noises so I'm going back
and actually much better I'm gonna try
to tell the story in front of the tree
however the camera might try to focus on
the lights on the tree and D focus from
my face if that keeps happening too much
I'll shift around but the story I wanted
to tell you guys tonight is the title of
the vlog you can tell it's about Donuts
this is about the time that grandpa
flipped out while grandma was wrapping
presents one year and went ate shit on a
pack of donuts is it I'm focusing on me
who cares about the tree camera do me
okay this is it this is the last time
that I'm moving because I want to tell
the story the story of the time grandpa
went apeshit when a dozen donuts so
several years ago dad and mom would go
out at the same time one day go to
Walmart and buy all of our presents for
Christmas and they would all get
together in the room and they would wrap
them so one day they went to whoa can
this thing stop you know I'm telling a
story right you ain't been right ever
since we did the Charlie Charlie thing
so mom and dad were wrapping our
presents and dad liked to do it with a
snack in this case he had a dozen
doughnuts and in the dozen doughnuts dad
only liked specific ones he likes to
lemon jelly-filled doughnuts and he
like the glazed doughnuts with the
majority of them were dad's doughnuts
mom had a couple for herself well when
we got a hold of the doughnuts there
were no more of the doughnuts that dad
wanted so dad got a couple of dozen
doughnuts and he and mom went to the
bedroom saw a wrapping presents and they
I guess we're eating doughnuts and doing
whatever the hell I don't know how
insects something I don't know what
doughnuts you know eating doughnuts to
him shit with that tape give some kids
whatever the case may be they were in
the bedroom they were eating doughnuts
they were wrapping presents
and when they were done they brought the
doughnuts out on the counter and they
left him there and that was a mistake so
within the next hour all of us kids tore
those doughnuts apart we leveled it all
the jellies were done working on all the
glazed were gone all that was left with
the chocolate cream-filled Donuts that
dad hates so 11 o'clock rolls around the
fireplace is going the Christmas tree
looks beautiful and dad turns on the
news which means he's ready for a snack
a cup of coffee and the donut so we can
rock in his chair and watch the news not
quite grandpa opened up the box of
doughnuts and all he saw were the
chocolate cream-filled Donuts and none
of the ones that he wanted and he lost
his shit where oh my god damn Donuts
where the fucking legs where the lemon
feel like they're doing I tell them he's
losing his shit and finally he goes Hulk
he starts pounding on the box of
doughnuts then it hits him I got a shake
about her donut should they shit in the
fridge right now oh shit he goes to the
fridge he opens it up and all that's
left of jelly doughnuts and he hates
those too
we're in our room trying to go to sleep
he wakes us up strictly to let us know
that he's never buying another donut in
this house hey bitch get your fat ass up
ah I never bought another donut his
house again I hope your fat ass knows
that okay maybe I wasn't that cute
innocent but you get the point
he woke us up to tell us he's not buying
doughnuts no more he vows to take the
presents
back on the bun donut I'm taking all
your goddamn presents back Christmas is
fucking over long story short he took
the remnants of the doughnuts that he
smashed he turned it into a bowl and he
sat it in the frigerator inside the
donut box somebody was gonna eat it I
was that somebody I walked to the fridge
I gotta take a bite out of it and
there's trash balled up into it because
he didn't bother to clean the calendars
when he turned into a donut ball we
threw it away
well that's gonna be a burn eh you guys
I just wanted to tell a quick story
about the time grandpa went apeshit
because his donuts were missing on
Christmas sometime it wasn't it was like
two weeks before Christmas and it was
ridiculous and he made a big trash
doughnut and we picked at it pick pick a
piece of hair out take a bite of the
donut take a piece of cigarette butt out
take a bite of the donut
we were pieces of trash but I'm gonna
get out of here thanks for watching you
guys
Bridget free outro I hope you're happy
about that tomorrow I'm going to be
uploading my challenge the condom
challenge prank / fail / that sucked
if you want to see grandpa's the link is
below that's gonna be it for today you
guys like subscribe favorite and don't
eat your parents doughnuts kids they
take them serious that's it
