what's going on you guys keep be on a
camera here vigil st yeah right there
and today we're going to Mexican
Wednesday and today we're gonna yeah you
said today we're going to Mexican to
everyone to law Coretta and we're gonna
have us some Mexican food with that I
don't know why that's even in the intro
that's just sort of something we're
gonna do cuz I'm for the hungry so today
I hadn't ordered but when ro was weird
so today today is Wednesday and today I
already said all this they were all
Coretta
I'm gonna lock Rena so if you ever seen
the video we did yesterday we finally
took the condom challenge if you haven't
seen the condom challenge check it out I
pranked anchor grandpa I feel they
condom up with fake blood and I burst it
on his face and it was great my favorite
part of the video so funny my favorite
part of the video is when Dan started
clawing at it I really enjoy it's one of
my favorite videos we've ever done
actually it's just it's hilarious so and
it's good that we're all getting along
again
I went to and people were asking me how
did I get over to the house to do it I
didn't film it because I didn't want to
go in there with the camera because
every time I walk in with a camera he
flips out I walked in there without the
camera and I explained to him that this
could teach safe sex yeah and it worked
well I'm about the only show which I
don't really know how the condom
challenge actually does teach safe sex
it does show that guys are being
bullshit when they say condom don't fit
me cuz it fit around dad's fucking head
so why did he even make the X elves no
they did not fit me for honest to god
though those small ones didn't fit me
remember that yeah anyway we're gonna go
ahead and we're gonna get this wednesday
started kinda style why condom style I
don't know Wednesday style taco style
cheese dip style it's cheese dip style
I'm not about that cheese dip life's all
about that dip
about that dip with cheese I'm all all
the right cheese dip in all the right
places
okay we were leaving our house and
Bridget just changed the candy cane to
the second Michaels I'll be fun of me
yes oh my lord have mercy
Bridget is Shannon no I'm not Shannon
know what by the way if you don't know
what a Shannon is a Shannon is a
fictitious person that Bridget and I
made up or somebody who's overly
ambitious
about the holiday Shannon will drive
around in a car with Rudolph antlers and
a red nose on the front and decorate for
Christmas and say things like like let's
make Randy or cookies for Christmas
Shannon No so we are here at La Caleta
and we got this chorizo cheese dip which
is just cheese dip with chorizo sausage
those tribals
Michael's on fire oh my god how it's
gonna be I know right am I just caught
in the smoke right now so here are the
fajitas the cameras fogging up you're so
hot
we are leaving there's actually raining
I don't know if you can see it
we're leaving can you see it am i
pointing at anything liar no there it is
Walker Etta we're leaving the rain is
coming down and I don't even I want to
I'm gonna put my hat over the camera how
about that okay
oh yeah Bridget oh my god I wish I could
show the camera this stop freakin is
cool all innovation I got the Hat
sitting over the flood will see punch
find a window to show this
I already concede this so there's some
dogs in the car next to me that hate me
I'm sorry I'm leaving
so bridge got some flowers you picked
them out yeah they're beautiful there's
some stupid shit on it but no they're
Christmas yeah dumb shit it's Christmas
flowers you know that is oh this cake
and flowers okay
so we're feeling pretty good you guys no
smell whoa Oh flowers oh my gosh that is
so cute
that is my flowers Oh
oh my god it's Clyde
he can't shoe that oh my god so this one
belongs so it seems like finally things
are getting back to normal
things are good with that I think the
problem was maybe always something dad
was here today we didn't film him dad
was at the house this afternoon and we
just had a long conversation and I
didn't record it because I didn't want
to piss him off I just wanted to talk
and it seems like we're starting to the
rebuilding process so hopefully now we
can rebuild the relationship mind your
relationship now that it's broken no
we're fine I'm not saying that we're not
fine I just mean my anger issues maybe
they'll finally get this stuff you know
back to normal so are we going upstairs
she got me a cake and flowers and you're
off you're uh this is how I cut cake a
lot of people cut cakes like this
but I saw like on BuzzFeed and it's
right you cut the cake like this you're
gonna have a really gigantic piece now
this is for me and Bridget I might have
not dug far
and fucked ourselves Oh cut it there now
we each have a slice of cake and you
just piece that together get a rubber
band around it close it and it will keep
it fresh you see the thing is if you cut
a slice out of it you put it back in the
fridge it's gonna dry out in the middle
fishy piece about together a whole thing
stays fresh this is called celebration
cake from Paris Teeter you're
celebrating what are we celebrating
everything going good good Wow one of
the best cakes ever read my whole life I
know it's like my favorite I don't know
what it is copy pistachio in it or
something it's so good mm-hmm well
that's gonna be a pretty day you guys
thanks for watching I'm pretty happy me
too
rebuilding I'm really happy because dad
me and dad are getting along me and
bridges are getting along things are
going pretty good so that's it that's it
like what the link Oh flash
Bridget what it's right there you see a
folk holy crap they came out of nowhere
thanks for watching you guys been a
great day I'm either gonna be putting up
my condom challenge fail tomorrow or
Friday I'll let you guys know tomorrow
or Friday whatever it is I hope you guys
enjoy the video if you haven't seen the
warm or grandpa took it link is below
thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe favorite fun on everything
this rain sucks it really does and
that's that
Oh
