what's going on you guys shaped kid
behind a camera here showered Bridget
behind the camera here right here she
doesn't smell like buttermilk
I never smell like buttermilk slightly
like salami
I'm joking obviously you smell good
you always do today is Tuesday and today
we're doing the condom challenge with
angry grandpa condom challenge today
hopefully be any better
yesterday I shaved my head Bridget made
me shave this it was a prank I'm pissed
about it because I wanted my beard just
to be fair I didn't actually shave your
beard you did just to be fair I still
should shave your eyebrows for this no
I'm not gonna do it I'm not gonna do it
but I wish I would I wish I was an
asshole because if I would they're gone
don't scream like that Wow so anyway
forget all that we're doing the condom
challenge today we're hanging out we're
going to see grandpa hopefully we get
let into the house let's get this
Tuesday started No Oh No
hello skinny lubes and I'm seeing
pregnancy test but I'm not seeing any
condom yes well what makes sense that
the one we condoms near the pregnancy
test
guys he's comics you only one of these
there's also interesting that the right
beside the maxi pads oh good that's by
the loo because if you're buying these
you're probably not buying this right
yeah really
haha where the condoms there here it
yeah by the shaving cream yeah okay so
they don't have to condoms me by lubes
he brings yes they got him by the
mouthwash and the shaving cream okay so
you get to shave first and then you yeah
like I'm gonna have myself a good night
tonight shave
okay just just grab the books this yes
I'm a couple what's the right goal oh my
god they're 50% of love yeah do the do
the condom challenge on discount okay we
don't buy used on them so what me we
don't buy used yeah we don't know I'm
sure we don't my used yeah can I get the
one that was already sprayed into him
it's like ours was just regular condom
uh okay
how about get some ribbed rub for his
pleasure
his going on dad's head Oh thumbnail I
sure hope I sure hope they know about
the condom challenge otherwise but have
enough of fun i we need box so DK I just
think that comes upon sexual we have
crazy sex every day all day
thank God you got these because the ones
I would need easy really you just save
those to make trouble exhales I don't
know this should be good what are you
looking for
you want me out of here so bad I didn't
invite you did it
I can't even set me Kitchel mom father
I'm busy and I don't get one goddamn
word how much I put in you I'm not I
love extra butter put the whole thing in
there you don't think you have enough
butter before that's what I say okay how
do I get right here you're pissing me
off today
at least I'm here that's progress
I really need that much butter I'm just
joking so we got flour butter and milk I
can't film you at all
plenty of salt right dad
no why don't you push salt I was joking
like the are these were like ones you
made last time yos were buttery and so
good dude oh my god but is the things
yellow from the butter good I mean when
I make home I had extra butter so let me
ask you that you ready for Christmas no
not at all
your your sister Chris he's just cynical
so that's where you get it from yeah but
I'm working on mine
dad's blinding cynicism ruins the
holidays I have been haven't I why we
try to watch Ted to the other night and
I wish I did but I tried oh I don't know
how you do what you do so in love with
you
fucking you done good maybe I'm amazed
by you
well condom challenge failed I failed
and the dad dumped blood all over me hey
what a horrible day yeah pretty good now
mm yeah I feel pretty good now if you
can't tell I am also covered by now
you've seen his condom challenge I got
clean I am you come near me you're
getting what you're gonna get it dude I
actually I don't want to do it to you
yeah I'll do it what though
okay thanks good you know I put blood in
yours
you just don't blood on me I was nice it
wasn't my idea either
was she any part of that yeah no uh
Michael blurted Michael
yeah I look like Carrie I know go stop
filming me dude oh well that's gonna be
a fair today you guys you're probably
wondering why I was just covered in
blood and why you didn't get to see it
well after we did grandpa's condom
challenge
I took the condom challenge and I got
pranked - yep was uh I had nothing to do
with that
dad said you did so if you guys want to
see that ain't really gonna believe then
click like yes you had something to do
with it click like if you want to see me
take the condom challenge and I will
upload it either tomorrow or the next
day that's up it was so fun show blood
no water adage I'm at Oh
Oh going through I are prank right back
I'm gonna get out of here thanks for
watching you guys if you haven't seen
dad take the condom challenge the link
is below it's Watteau it's also popping
up unless it's on this side oh damn
there it is that's gonna be able to day
you guys thanks for watching well what
is that there's nothing on Oh Bridget
was twitter.com flush Bridget was like
shark favor that's everything
