what's going on you guys kid behind a
camera here but just just get me on a
camera here for just he yeah he lied I'm
on your hair and you know you know yours
you smelly butter man look at your eyes
what does that mean yeah crumbs I just
woke up today is Monday and today oh my
gosh can I do it
hairs coming off can you do it yes if
you hurt me I'm gonna hurt you though I
won't hurt you
I'm not gonna hurt you but please don't
hurt me this is not coming off
I want my giant beard okay you're gonna
cut my hair no I was kidding you're not
cutting my hair you I swear to god
you're not cutting my hair because I'm
not shaving it I'm not gonna do it I'll
tell you this I swear to Christ if any
of this comes up I'm gonna shave your
fucking eyebrows when you sleep I want
to keep my beard
why cuz I like it it's a big beard I
like it
God it looks like pubes it does not it's
grown in so first time ever I have boobs
actually growing in and I like it
also this stays looks good yeah your
brocco today a cyber monday and it's
also the last day that you can get your
angry grandpa shirts for 15% off using
the code AGP black friday 5th 15 i think
so codes right here you can use the code
we also got the white shirts for $15 and
i'm wearing one of the new shirts right
now i love it I can't wait for mine eat
eat check sleep check angry grandpa ps4
check repeat eat sleep angry grandpa
repeat those are for sale right now you
can get yours you can get your Black
Friday sale and you can get this Monday
started well it's time for me to cut my
hair and as you can see I got the right
to bear arms oh my god boy
really scared me with that one I've got
a patch of hair and I don't want playing
with it oh that really first is for my
brush I should figure out a prank scene
with dad with this hair oh those little
grows like from a mouse hole hey Dad how
sick you says I can purchase hair on my
mouth that's pretty good
there's more I will look like with a
goatee though yeah oh hey man oh my god
you don't even look like Michael anymore
this is the thumbnail look I think it
wasn't you look hey dude
sweating just said now okay guys it's so
nasty okay dude losing I was like
screwing it Oh screw clump of hair guys
don't bother me I got my hair Cologne
here goes
it's gone folks no turning back now so
Oh what it doesn't work what oh my god
Wow
I'm not going with you you get anyway
bitch ha ha ha go on
yeah that was me
Bridget you shaved the beard on your
head no eyebrows might wanna see your
damn beard first I wanted to know why
oh good with it so are you saying I
don't of course you do well anyway I
don't want to shave off the entire beer
because I look like a fucking hairless
baby I hate looking like a hairless
little baby from keeping the beard
maybe I'll trim it later keep you in a
horrible angle here Oh God
oh my gosh I like this look it's so cute
you look like Bill again you always say
a little booty really oh well I never
shave I don't have any raisins shit
I just want to trim this
Sorry Sorry
well there it is folks shave head shave
beard shaved unibrow you look good
I look like crap Michael Valley gives
you directions what you want to do is
take a ride on board now if you got a
bit he went too far
think of another one oh you got it Amy
why is there two hair clomp both with
mouthfuls have you done this before this
was bigger
oh god do do you never go take from me
my Bible my guns you got yourself a
ticket I take it for what the gun show
no wait what are you doing you I'm
flushing your hair you're flushing it
yes
what does it Fox out the toilet Ellen
Wow
word Lily yeah great now we'll bring my
hair okay right now on the iTunes store
you can get angry grandpa song do a
sensible thing which is a Waylon
Jennings song
grandpa covered it and on the B side we
have the engineer tape so I'm going to
do this real quick
so you get it this is grandpa singing
there's no people ask me that was
auto-tune which there isn't
so it's a song with that and then on the
other one the engineer tape so if you
want that you can get it on iTunes now
the link is below
shut up well what do you think I think
you look great you did that on purpose
she tries to say all day that she had
didn't she didn't do this on purpose
when you made me shave my face I watched
the video you pushed me no I had the
move
you freakin why do you want me to go go
baby bitch let me give you a cry ah here
baby burp me right now so anyway that's
gonna be a fun day you guys thanks for
watching remember you can get the
grandpa a most sensible thing on iTunes
now the link is below it's digital I
hope you guys really liked the b-side
where he was yelling and stuff that's my
favorite part about it cuz I forgot
about it because John is in that and
John is dead as some of you may know our
friend John died and he's in it and it
was crazy and I tried to prank shooter
at one point and I told Dad to scream
into the headphone because shooter was
sitting with engineer headphones on and
it was a really good time I want you
guys to hear it the link is below check
it out so anyway thanks for watching you
guys like subscribe favorite song on
everything and remember eat sleep angry
grandpa repeat and I think my thing was
just in British nostril it was
