whoa what pipes are frozen what what do
we do we don't got water we don't have
any water catching a poop still know
what that's probably frozen - I can't
poop No then using the pool no you're
not Michael though I really need a
shower actually I was gonna take wine uh
do you want yeah I was Bridget no you
weren't
you were not gonna take a shower you
know what neither were you
and we already knew the water didn't
work before the scene so stop don't know
you're exposing us could you stop
Michael you are gonna take one either it
goes in here for to pee in the drain
just what you do hey wait why do you
play pulling all this out like this
kind of this gross guys we were supposed
to do a scene where I walk in and see
the pipes are frozen not call me out for
all this let's not even your towel you
don't even like that potala towel
Bridget okay guys the pipes are frozen
and Bridget can't shower as bad as she
desperately needs it like my eyes are
burning
you're one to talk you smell like
freakin eggs don't make doubt
do not tell me what smell yeah you smell
like eggs kind of Mike I'm scared don't
do that why because what are they burst
new looks forward they could explode
yeah oh you know I really don't want you
to turn this water off for the scene no
hot water
why is that I thought the hot water just
came from like a heater dad said that
it's frozen like the heating part what
can happen and they could burst Oh God
leave it off yeah you know that's coming
out of it
this sup but something's coming out of
that and it's on heart but it's still
cold water so I feel like it's
defrosting if someone has two right guys
what's going on
can this explode should we leave it
alone I'm really scared because like no
cold water is coming out of the shower
at all what does that sorry burst is
this what it's like to have snow
I don't want so many bar you can't take
showers I say I legit and you Stan
I need nine yeah you know Cosley no it's
dull
what's going on you guys get behind a
pile of melting snow here also behind
snow and it's not fully melting yet okay
it's fine why did that offend you cuz I
don't want to leave it's gonna leave
that's the demonstration I'm trying to
give but however even though this is
gonna leave the front yards pumping hold
on guys
beautiful listening everybody just pure
snow bliss just pure serenity yeah that
looks ballin guys today is Saturday
today is Saturday and you just show
everyone the picture I took guys the
picture happened later in the vlog oh so
uh huh okay works folks we're doing the
intro you know Brad exposing us okay
this is now twice yeah the intro was
literally done after a scene later in
the vlog yeah she kicked snow where me
and karma be a bitch yeah definitely
today is Saturday today I'm talking to
you guys about the video I'm uploading
on the angry grandpa show channel
tomorrow that's like as I say that's
gonna be tomorrow look aunt roll over
I'm cold I need a shower
let's get this day started our till
definitely every time I start walking
down stairs now while it's snowing I
film just in case I slept because if I
do it's a funny scene for the vog come
on Michel you can do it just another
baby step there ya go
so tomorrow I am officially gonna be
uploading the very first grandpa video
since he's passed technically the first
one was the Santa calls video that I
uploaded on Christmas but you know that
one had already been uploaded before
this one is never been uploaded before
and I wanted to start it off with not
one of the rages not one of the family
disputes I wanted to start it off with
one of the more emotional ones so I was
going through all the videos
and I found one where he was reading a
fan letter and reading the fan letter
caused him to really break down and he
starts crying and it's really a strong
emotional video and I think it's a
poignant way to begin our remembering of
grandpa by remembering how much he loved
all you guys because you guys were it's
hard to actually tell you guys how
important you were to Grandpa because
it's indescribable like you guys were
the reason he would wake up in the
morning you guys are the reason why he
lived as long as he did because without
it he wouldn't have so I owe so much to
you guys so much gratitude and I wanted
to show up by uploading that video first
he's reading a fan letter and it brings
him to tears and it brings me to tears
and I hope it brings you guys you know
to tears too
that video is uploading tomorrow I'll
probably 3 o'clock Eastern Time check it
out
hope you guys enjoy but that's not the
only grandpa video we're uploading this
month I'm uploading to this month the
second is the time that grandpa got
freaking crazy
because they got the wrong color paint
for his porch and guys this is a classic
rage style angry grandpa video family
dispute that you've never seen that's
gonna be coming this month too guys
I just wanted to start off the year
right and started off with something
that you guys can see how much you meant
to Grandpa because a lot of people said
that when he would read the letters he
would be faking it and that's one of the
things that he dresses so guys that's
gonna be tomorrow now I want to joy a
little bit of the snow although my feet
have just been sitting in it since I've
been doing this entire scene and now my
feet are wet they're cold and I'm ready
to go in but I love the snow that's why
I wanted to do this part right here cuz
I love it hey how about I do an unboxing
in the snow be back we had to film this
beautiful man I don't want it to go
anywhere
a bridge is like taking a picture like
right now I like filming people take
pictures that is a beautiful picture I'm
sending every one of my friends all
right we got our Christmas card for next
year set I'm gonna miss it to burden I
just hope it snows like again here's my
thought process what what if we move the
entire house literally pick it up move
it and move it to like Virginia okay it
snows but I don't think they get slammed
we got to move the whole house though
because I want to see this house and
snow yeah
all right guys that does it by the way
just kidding it really is pretty though
what do you say we do this unboxing
let's do it
it is time for a Star Wars unboxing loot
crate Michael you just sit sit
yeah I wanted to do it in the snow not
literally like it's Michael just do this
it's gonna be hard to fit I can't really
film like this please just film cuz
you're so tall and stuff I'm sure even
dark they killed the porch and film it
Michael come on your knees at least good
first of all don't tell me to get on my
knees you're on your knees right we're
just cutting all this out Michael cut
guys it is time I gotta change my outfit
now who cares
okay guys end up now no some do the
whole bottom boxing all right guys here
we go
wanna see if I can give the Jimmy just
quick first thing is array mighty mug
sound like a pop toy oh this is cold
okay oh baby got this and hey star war
shirt okay you got you got to get that
thing you know socks all right so I got
some Star Wars gloves I was like a bb-8
yes I love bb-8
I'm misery right my legs are burning
okay
Oh RealD 3d RealD 3d glass glasses whoa
holy crap no no no no so look at this
he's like 3d glasses holy crap dude
seriously next time I go to a 3d movie
I'm bringing my own I know her legs are
burning you have like a two more things
this is sojourn I'll give Bridget
Jimmy's poor little book I will damn you
you take this for me please oh please
get it what do I get if I get the shoe I
get to choose the movie okay and I want
an apology for kicking snow at me I get
an apology okay let's go get her shoe
guys karma is a real thing okay and
bridget is dealing with it right now
here's a shoe should I give it to her I
throw it further no no three one throw
it
no you have the stinkiest foot that's
ever existed hi folks going in talk to
me to choose a movie I'm sure
how long are they gonna be frozen I
don't know my god just has to thaw out
how long has it been
it's like it let's back up ours but
we're near the end of day I've got a
poop I stick this oh so do you
okay no I don't yeah you only stink not
me
thank God your feet got a little bit of
snow because they sort of came clean a
little bit but not enough okay Michael
Bryce staring why don't you just take a
cold bath well you stink so damn bad I
got to talk about yesterday's vlog
because something just happened that I
now have to address I just uploaded it
right now you saw it yesterday so it's
kind of funny so when I originally
uploaded the vlog we went out to that
restaurant actually filmed inside the
restaurant however while I was in the
restaurant you could hear the music so
loud that it could no longer use it
because it was copyright infringement so
I had to re-edit and re-render the
entire vlog and re-upload it now the
problem with that is by the time that I
had started a rear end right I had
already saved over the first turtle
picture with the thumbnail when you're
watching the vlog when I said hey kiemce
says I look like a sea turtle it shows
you the thumbnail people probably what
oh yeah this is the scene my man the
problem is he's right I do look like a
sea turtle completely look like a sea
turtle which was what I was doing okay I
saved over the sea turtle picture with
the thumbnail and it couldn't included
guys I got so mad that I even had to
delete the scene to begin with so I'm
reloading it guys this was the scene
that I had to take out of the vlog
Gordo that's meat that's what meat looks
like all right full admission that isn't
what I was really saying okay that's not
no okay I gotta see if I can finally
take a shower
Michael don't mess with it or drugs
might do that it's fine
no come on please
oh my god if you break it I'm sure I'm
gonna leave you you would leave the or a
shower head no Newton prison I stink
yeah you really smell like eggs and
garbage I'm getting tired of you not use
much sulfur yeah yeah that smells like
poop okay you actually smelled like
human excrement separate Michael is the
word I was tricked you what did you say
sacrament expert men's excrement yes
okay
well used to feel like human feces how
about that what what is this like insole
why do you live insulting me so much cuz
you do it - you actually smelled like
boiled rotten eggs
okay that's rude you smell like Mayo I'm
a mad whole minute he's throwing
mayonnaise toast we continue this vlog
now instead of making fun of each other
all day egg girl
okay stink boy I like all your cheerful
steak today no you had I guess
what is it don't know yet just a letter
right now guys we're getting out of here
in just a second but before we do I
guess we're gonna open this on camera
looks like it's almost Stephen Fleming
I'm not gonna read the whole letter on
camera but it says Michael Oh Bridget
let me first start off by saying I'm so
sorry for sending this to your house
that's okay Stephen it happens a lot
Stephen Abbott's vlog I'm not sure if
you guys still use the peel box I wanted
to make sure you got this I'm so sorry
that you have to go through this I lost
both of my grandparents in 2013 and if
anyone says it gets easier they're lying
because it doesn't I've been watching
you guys since 2013 and loved every
video there's a whole lot here you guys
a whole thing about dad and if we want
to talk he tells us it's Twitter account
which is steve-o eight six one five so I
will definitely follow you man so let's
see what Stephen sent us iPhone 2
that's so nice this is really cool you
guys I think you are too soft preview of
it there wow that's really cool that is
that's really nice
hey miss does so much for Jetta
I did too it's so weird to me like
seeing all the time member at all you
know I mean yeah and that's gone I love
this so you guys I had to end the scene
haha it was really emotional Steven
thank you so much for sending that to me
man like really it means a lot I'm gonna
keep it I'm gonna cherish it it's so
hard because I miss dad so much and it's
still a fresh wound and I'm hoping that
it's gonna get easier like as time goes
but I don't think it's gonna I don't
think it's gonna you know I was talking
to my friend you know Paul Heyman he
lost his father several years ago and he
told me how he'll watch something on TV
and then start dialing his dad's number
and then realizing he's not there and
I'm realizing the same kind of stuff
like I gotta call my dad and tell him
when something happened and he's not
there to call them and so it's still new
for me
dad I love you I'm gonna miss you I
still miss you tremendously we're
getting out of here thanks for watching
you guys like subscribe favorite fun
everything but to us and hopefully we
got some water tomorrow because you guys
I stink
yeah he's so awful just awful
call right now Michael if it doesn't
warm out I'm leaving you do the leader
he doesn't get hot seriously I can take
a shower yeah shit anymore don't insult
me we're gonna get mad
Michael you could have always done that
you know what you could have always done
that it was a hot water not the toilets
I've had to poop all day you didn't tell
me all day Michael you could have done
this all day
