what's going on you guys Kibby on a
camera here majesty yeah today is Sunday
and today we're going over to Grandpa
today we're going over grandpa's house
I'm so excited
can I do my intro ever today is Sunday
today we're going to grandpa's house for
Sunday dinner fucking stink whoo shit
was broke the glass okay I'm sorry
what do you want for me apology I just
felt always a good day but no Michel has
to freaking ruin it
okay so I'm still a little bit out of
shape because yesterday but not anymore
because we're get an apology yes
today is the day we get our apology
yesterday grandpa's robe off and I get
to one from you sorry
apologies Hopgood where's mine I don't
know something what if I said you stink
yeah I want apology sorry to all you
that had to witness it yesterday I don't
like being so angry on vlog this has
been my thing I've been trying to get
better a lot of people are mad at you
won't try to change and not you for
being so mean to me I'm sorry bridge I'm
trying to change here I'm sorry let me
know I forgive you I said I love you
forgive me yes I'm sorry
yes I've been a little bit of bent out
of shape ladies I'm trying to change so
anyway the hell it was a weird moment
let's get this oh my god you saw that he
was giving me some sort of effect let's
get this Sunday start let me tell you
what I saw last night so he jumps into
bed right and then you were asleep when
I went to bed no I opened my eyes and he
was staring at me touching my arms okay
he go Sika we'll see which one tries to
force the way in
who's going in oh here you go bail my
bad should probably do it too
okay it's open up enough oh yeah there a
door here you go
what are you doing I came over to talk
to you and 4-sided / cos all Sunday's /
Sunday dinners not a personal I'm
already what is it I have that we got
right dude you Killeen you called it I
don't want you here
what did I use I don't even want to be
here so I want gone I just go to a room
you talk head on up my upon private room
I would you to tell period I'm gonna
feel about it another ways to talk you
know let me ask you question who ruined
Thanksgiving you you I don't know what
with me I don't get a shit you like hang
up my phone I call ponies have your
skirt off his property
you mean out good giftable yes well
you're not gonna call the cops you're
all talk so you want who to your over
talk you will be a little baby bitch
yeah
you see baby bitch just like you said
you just spit my face I look down you
got a problem there okay so did you go
to mill help and get your anger if you
think it out then it will talk but until
then stay on a you're not going in my
let's go Bridget we're not welcome thank
you
you know get out guys me tell you
something Bob good no ill you leave
it'll have not me no no home actually
until your goddamn parrot your puppet
yeah right brilliant huh it's good huh
y'all go I'm not going anywhere
yeah yeah call the police where's the
deed at oh sorry
can't you can't do number that well I
bought this house so call the police get
me out of here you go throw me out here
now I never said that
yeah he's throwing me out it out let's
go Michael
give me more I got it I'm lazy
Michael kicking me out Aldi ah they gave
me you're gonna piss me off
so potently gave me so relieving dad's
right now unbelievable and now I'm not
your puppet what I'm not your puppet
what are you talking about you called me
a puppet all right are we gonna fight no
are we no I don't know are we are we
what I can't be mad at your dad Bridget
please okay let me so right now we're
leaving dad's I'm not your puppet can I
talk i vlog know whose dad said it you
want to take dad's word he's a fool no
you're not a puppet are you let this
ruin our day you're ruining it your Chum
won't be a puppet yeah
okay today it's Sunday well I'm so
excited so let's just do this tomorrow
Michael so if I compare Russell crate to
the Pro Wrestling crate well the first
thing you niche Iligan what you doing
clay oh the first thing you notice if
you compare a wrestling crate to PW
crate is the other crane is much nicer
it looks like a professional crate this
is sort of like throwing together buddy
come on come on
thank you what can I open this no oh
he's so cute and innocent you make me
feel better coz of dad yeah okay
something's will happen here I'm scared
okay we got rid of the dog because they
were about to square off so okay here
you go
got a shirt let's put that aside what's
up a wrestling title off for my restless
oh my god that is so cute I swear I
think this one is the winner in my
opinion this was like well I've never
heard of before so it's not like w/e or
anything like says northeastern champ
this was like a brand-new belt that's
pretty cool really cool actually
okay next thing we got little vinyl
figures which these I will put aside
they will make very good stocking
stuffers for some of the boys for
Christmas and I'm Dre the giant pop toy
which will also make a pretty good
stocking stuffer cool looks like it's a
young bucks coffee cup regular cup that
is so cool I think it's the young clogs
I could be wrong actually it's somebody
from Pro Wrestling guerrilla we got a
Matt Hardy autograph I think jay-z
actually loves them JC is a huge man
hard man I don't really like Matt Hardy
so this is going to JC stocking Jason
you don't watch this vlog please and a
little stone cold limited-edition art
it's like I'm putting this whole box see
Jason and this looks like the sky's the
limit
bang oh it's a Sasha banker oh my god
I love her sky's the limit
bang on it that's pretty neat that is me
that's really cool oh my god
a sasha banks are the boss since 1992
that's really cool
so this box is better than the last one
I got it's got more variety it's got
cool stuff it's got autographs so that
is our wrestle crate we got a Sasha
banks shirt comic book the wrestling
belt the cup the pop toy the two vinyl
figures which I'm not going to open
because they're going to give stocking
stuffers the Matt Hardy autograph in the
stone-cold limited edition aren't
Russell great Wow
say some you guys friends again it's
like get over here Bella
whatever scared still freaking out like
that hey come here Claude Henry Claude
you guys are friends come here you guys
are friends why come here and ladies
like how did you nothing everybody you
guys our friend why are you firing like
that they're jealous man if I they
weren't being vicious it was just more
like a I'll bite you you got exactly
you're welcome
they don't fight I swear it's crazy
though they're so jealous oh happy but
you can't be sure angry Oh Clyde come
here buddy
he's afraid Haley I know Bella was mean
to I you guys look at each other okay
you're friends right you guys are
friends you know seeing Clyde and Bella
getting in a fight just now and then
seemed get along afterwards really made
me think about me and dad you know we
argue with each other yell there's still
resolution in there somewhere right
Bella you guys fight but you love each
other still don't you in the end
we're always gonna be there for each
other well that's gonna be it for today
you guys thanks for watching uh we're
having the Black Friday sale the 15% off
and the $15 white shirts we're having
that until Monday you can still got a
chance to get that we also have the
shooter Jennings record for sale still
and that's what's going on right now but
I'm gonna get out of here you know I've
been thinking for the past 20 minutes
after the unboxing and then when I saw
Clyde and Bella they start fighting and
then they get along afterwards it's just
like me and dad you know we're fighting
but in the end we'll come back together
so I'm hope we can work it out like Bell
and Clyde just did so which one is U and
which one is Grandpa
whichever one looked like they started
the argument as dad well so let's look
at it in slow motion yeah that was
Claude horrible size absolutely Clyde
like I'm actually ashamed of Clyde right
now so in the sense of who is who dad is
Clyde and I pour a little Bella please
dad don't bite me so sad I'm gonna get
out of here
careful so mean thanks for watching you
guys like subscribe favorite following
on everything and thank you guys for
once again choosing to watch us on you -
I really do appreciate that I'm really
trying really hard to change please do
when you say stuff like that I can't I'm
trying
Miko come on I'm slowing down I'm sorry
yeah I don't even think I accept right
now but I'm just kidding is up
