what's going on you guys keep behind a
camera here for DUIs Yeah right right
here and today is Saturday and today
we're gonna meet up with angry grandpa
for dinner to have boys to hash this
stuff out cowboy steak house and his
Brazilian steakhouse if you've never
been to a Brazilian steakhouse they
bring out cuts of meat to the table and
you tell them when you're not eating so
we're going to go to cowboy steak house
today with anchor Grampa and finally
work this stuff out so we can give them
the same page and he can apologize for
Thanksgiving
he needs tell he's gonna apologize for
Thanksgiving
bridging on apologize I don't know what
you can apologize for not wise for
nothing maybe filming the dinner hmm
I'm trying to make everything good come
on you know that was for your vlog right
and then he decide to be an asshole I'm
gonna eat some shit and apologize let's
do it looking everything back going so
you apologize for telling stories
however I will all right then I'll
apologize for filming okay so please
anyway let's get this Saturday started
Cowboys stakeout style ya know so right
now we're waiting on grandpa to finally
show up at Cowboys I don't if you can
see that it's blurry unblurred please
Cowboys is a Brazilian steakhouse that I
took grandma to for Mother's Day and
we're waiting on dad cause we're gonna
fix this shit because I'm tired of there
being nothing but bitterness so wait on
dad now not help
all right pop what I'm ready to make
this right and I put this I do come on
dude no joke around don't joke around
dude I don't happen I'm trying to take
you out to dinner okay goodbye
he's leaving Bridget he's leaving
what he last dude well
unbelievable okay so now that was my
thing to make it work was to take him
out to dinner why did he leave
he didn't say he just i'm pissed dude
should i call
I don't know man you know he love don't
don't bother please don't bother
yo it doesn't work it out with you took
him to a nice restaurant yeah I know a
very nice it was a freakin Brazilian
steakhouse
yeah his favorite I can't believe he
left like that oh so freakin rude for in
Hebrew and Thanksgiving not us I know
Jesus I'm gonna call him wait what why
did you just leave well okay I don't
have dinner you're gonna - then why'd
you drive all that way because your time
are you okay
you really Thanksgiving not me know when
you get you all right you know Suzanne
you called me right tell me right does
it mean Lucy was my doggies you want to
take Steven not me you rather gonna
apologize or we're gonna go down a dark
path and we're gonna stop talking to
each other I can't understand what
you're saying yeah malvo don't miss
thanks for wasting my time thank you
please hang up please hang up Michael
can I talk to my dad can you not hear me
my job good can you hear me oh fuck you
why did you just leave because I was
gonna take you out to dinner you get
there you don't even say a reason you
just leave I already know why you left
still that's so freaking rude then
watches why don't you call me and tell
me why didn't you call me you see so you
did it to me an asshole so we're clear
you did it to be rude
I don't think so I'm sorry how about
that uh how about yeah I am involved and
now you know I can't none of us get
along ever it's his fault that's your
fault it's yours I'm sorry for my part
I'm sorry for my really no you're not
you didn't do anything by don't hang up
you hang up you hang up there's gonna be
hell to pay
okay I'll just give you don't have to
see your reflection right there
recording I can see it it's him
why can't y'all just do it why can't you
just 120 pair of balls and just leave
him alone for a while he doesn't care
Michael why are you gonna yell at me
because you yell at me all the time when
you're mad at him I'm sorry things
didn't work out I I was hoping for the
best didn't work out we could have just
worked it out on the phone right there
but you can teach it you can't eat
enough shit just eat shit how many times
have to eat shit for him Michael it's
just what we're gonna do Bridgette he's
an old man
he doesn't know so you got a fucking
shove the shit in and just get over it
this is not a moment I want filmed fine
I'll suck up all of my pride for you
come back no fine I don't care now I'm
just Adam we should be you've every
right to yes I am it I'm just at you two
for what
because dude gonna stand up for myself
Bridgette we have to eat shit sometimes
yeah all the time look ahead I wanted
now I
suza kind of challenge I can't do the
condom challenge a good if I can't go to
his house while want to go to his house
tomorrow okay well let's do it ourselves
on our let's go to his house tomorrow is
eat some shit well apologize if he
doesn't accept our apology no other than
fucking how about that I promise fuck
him if he doesn't accept our apology
tomorrow but he's gonna think what he
did you just like don't baby him how
about I tell him he has to apologize too
and if he doesn't that's it okay works
with me okay thank you
