what's going on you guys kid me on a
camera here for Joe us see ya I don't
want to do the pushing us up today I
don't feel like it
Michael take your anger out on your dad
I'm not even mad anymore dude I'm
defeated there's a difference
we'll take you're defeated miss out on
your dad today is Black Friday and I am
doing Christmas shopping today we're
gonna go check out some stores we didn't
want to get involved in the mess I saw a
video of people fist fighting over TVs
and the cops come walking up oh you got
to cut this out Oh like Jesus Christ
yeah dude it's like a zombie apocalypse
on there I'm excited Black Friday I
started to look a lot more like looting
these days you know I feel like it's our
tradition what it's everybody's
tradition to go now right now over at
the angry grandpa store we are having a
Black Friday sale we have the white
shirts for $15 we have a 15 percent off
code to go on hoodies and the black
shirt the logo so if you want to do that
use code I think it's a GP Black Friday
15 it's in the description below go
check it out when you're checking out
you're gonna add the code apply it and
you'll get the discount taken up but we
wanted to do something for Black Friday
for you guys why are you huffing puffing
over there I'm not I'm very happy for
this I'm actually thinking about
shopping at that store today so my
friend ones Oh God
I'm you know to stay home I'll do this
myself
if you haven't seen the video from
yesterday well grandpa rode Thanksgiving
Linkous below let's get this Friday
started so Bridge just went inside and I
look to something and I just got kind of
a kind of upset um I looked down and I
noticed this glass down here and it
really makes you see my attitude and I'm
an asshole okay it's recording I'm sick
of you treating me like shit like I'm
sick of it I am so sick perv I done to
you you're just being an asshole to me a
cynical asshole as usual
why that cynical asshole yeah cuz I'm
just trying to talk to you about stuff
talk to me
oh look what you did this time okay dude
you don't be able to pick up that stain
on video who is in that you're in if it
is it's yours
good what dude Michael if there's piss
in it guess what I don't care you
wouldn't you please get the camera out
of my face No did you you know I'm just
gonna jump up go ahead do it so you know
she could hear me
we left target like we walked in the
target walked down a target we almost
well yeah and at against up now we're
not we are here Walmart I don't know if
you can see that hey wha Mart we just
left off games up as you saw we recorded
a game stop for 12 seconds I cannot see
if I'm vlogging right now or not so we
went into target right and we walked out
we were in target for a whole isn't even
where we walked in there was like two
lines open in like a hundred people shop
and I was like by target hundred people
in line at that around the corner by
target is Game Stop so we walked into
Game Stop then we were thinking about
going to a Wing Stop because it's right
next to that but we decided no wing stop
for now man I frickin love Wing Stop it
was this way
so right now we are hiding out in the
electronics because there's like a
thousand people in here it's insane man
I really have to go to represent for the
mall in the North Charleston I need to
get my wrapping paper you don't yell
please work it in a corner that's the
only place where there's nobody
go figure nobody wants any of these ha
ha or these yeah this ain't about
Christmas is about savings speaking of
it is so freakin hot outside and right
here is hot right now we're at sticky
for me but is he apologizing you bitch
my football that's what it's a said it
three times in a row so we didn't have
Thanksgiving yesterday so we came to
have our Thanksgiving at sticky fingers
I love this place though I wish we had
one closer over just by your mom so what
are you gonna get everything don't have
Thanksgiving today yeah we're gonna
expose yeah that's what I'm gonna say
I'm gonna say you mean you don't filming
is the cute belt I'm still kind of
annoyed still kind of well most people
had turkey chicken potato skins and
nachos they seriously have the best
nachos
and the chicken wings are so good to
Turkey yeah really I don't know what his
problem is dude I don't either but you
know what
this food is way better than his food
look at that yeah it's a cheeseburger
with pulled pork and then I just got a
barbecue sandwich and cheese fries so
you know a lot of people were telling me
that maybe I shouldn't have like uh kept
joking a lot of people were blaming me
no here's the thing though joking yeah
it's like Sarah they didn't see all day
he was making fun of me and I was
laughing about it you know it won't me
what were we talking about ten minutes
before that uh he was calling you like
names uh there was he said happy to
Thanksgiving it was like maverick
Thanksgiving when you ate all those
turkey legs you shows puking perfect
first of all dad that you watched us
belong that one Thanksgiving
that was you cooking for Wrestlemania
one year April November so he can make
fun of me call me that oh you idiot in
Turkey when you fed and I can't say he
remember the time you cut your hand open
eating dressing cuz it sprayed blood off
he was telling stories why didn't you
get this I don't think anybody else do
this but I was there when he did it he
mixed the blood and the dressing and
served it no it's almost where to God he
did what year your missus religious club
Columbia don't cry as a kid you went to
get dressing this is the story I was
trying to tell Oh God he wouldn't
address it and a spoon broke and cut his
handle
oh no stirring it no yeah I'm never
eating his food again can't trust it
I can't that's oh my god okay I'm gonna
cut this burger down the middle let's
take a look at this bad boy
this right here is cheeseburger with
cold pork way better than dad's dry
turkey anyways yeah right but was that
turkey dry bet it was yeah I tried it it
was I tried out the floor no I tried it
earlier
oh you're picking at it yeah I picked at
it and it was extreme way to meet you
and off the floor
I didn't we are about to leave sticky
fingers this was our Thanksgiving dinner
so we had a second Thanksgiving we were
we were considering getting up what
we're at Walmart getting the stuff to
make our own Thanksgiving it was just
horrible in there we wanted to get ahead
quick I people were fist fighting over
TVs I didn't want to see what was going
on in the turkey section so happy
Thanksgiving you guys I hope you had a
Happy Thanksgiving I didn't have a happy
Thanksgiving a lot of people saying
don't invite him next year
I'm over it I don't want him to come to
Christmas I don't I don't do anything I
don't want to talk about that stuff
right now I don't want to I'm not coming
up on Michael hey Bello you miss us
today how about you I know you did cuz
you came over
oh thank you
Bella seemed like she wasn't worried
about me lately because how been acting
give me that Paul my
every time I give quite any attention
Bella gets Chell lazy better be careful
bud damn it
thank you get it back
Claude just oh Jesus
oh hi hi to you too well he's not trying
to take the toys hey don't you want well
that's gonna be a fir day you guys
before I get out of here I wanted to
tell you guys but one more thing that we
have for Black Friday
back when Shooter Jennings was here the
first time he had dad sing the most
sensible thing which was a Waylon song
and he had dad sing it
and today he put the record out they
only made 250 and I think as of right
now there's a hundred and ninety left so
if you wanted to get yourself one the
link is below
get it before they're gone it's one of
those things where you just want to
collect it if you guys you don't want to
like you know getting just open it
because we also have it coming out on
digital the a side is grandpa singing
the song and the b-side is us trying to
tell him what to do am I you know I
gotta say dad say this uh dad you got to
sing this dad you got to do this and
he's just hard to work with he can't
sing he's horrible but if you want to
see that the link is below
anyway that's gonna be it for today you
guys had a second Thanksgiving I don't
know if I'm gonna see dad any time this
week it seemed like the only time we
were getting along was when I wasn't
talking to him so I think that's what
I'm gonna do so thanks for watching you
guys Bridget uh right now is hanging out
at her mom's house she were arguing it
is what it is uh before I got out of
here a lot of people have been asking me
to do the condom challenge
dad so if you want to see me do the
condom challenge with anger grandpa
click the like button and I'll probably
do it next week I don't want to deal
with him this week but I'll probably do
it may put it out Friday if you guys
want to see it so anyway thanks for
watching you guys Black Friday deals on
the website we can save on the shirts
Black Friday deals and Shooter Jennings
record it is just a Black Friday angry
grandpa kind of day and the day that I
didn't talk to any grandpa thanks for
watching you guys like subscribe
favorite and that's it
