what's going on you guys take me on a
camera here for just e yeah right there
and today we've been chilling around the
house doing nothing because we don't
have to prepare for Thanksgiving I don't
I didn't want to cook this year and so
tomorrow is Thanksgiving so first Happy
Thanksgiving to all you guys were
watching this tomorrow happy
Thanksgiving happy Thanksgiving happy
Thanksgiving to all you guys and to
those of you who are in other countries
and dude they don't celebrate
Thanksgiving other countries right I
don't think I mean I assume no because
that's about when they landed on a
Plymouth Rock and had a I don't pretend
to know anything about history okay you
know I'm pretty smart I'm miserable geez
I'm dismiss March what is five plus five
five plus five
this means so tomorrow is Thanksgiving
we're gonna spend it with angry grandpa
and he told me not to bring anything but
we didn't have to go to Walmart to get
tea and soda because I do get a brain
set of us and it was a madhouse I didn't
even bring the camera there was 10,000
people in there and they were fighting
over hams and I can't imagine I can't
imagine where it's gonna be like on
Black Friday
I wasn't gonna do a vlog today I was
gonna let everybody enjoy their
Thanksgiving with their families give
everybody a break but I did decide that
I wanted to do it think a bad thing I
don't know I'm not even talking
correctly anymore I wanted to do a video
so I can show you guys some extra stuff
from the Thanksgiving video and just
some extra stuff that I had so check
this out what are you laughing at me
because I'm making you mess up
okay count one wait those are being dads
ah beans
that's cream of mushroom stupid one two
three four five one two three four five
six seven eight
that's chicken noodle okay over here yes
I think you pretty much cleaned out
Walmart for everything you can get for
the boxes yeah they've got to order more
than jay-z I mean Jacob yeah how
important is it to share with other
people all right you won't tell
everybody Happy Thanksgiving
go talk to him tell something you don't
all about that you like
scared some dollars see you you know put
it on top of them
Fred well Happy Thanksgiving
whoa duval you called me the doors open
well that's gonna be it for today you
guys thanks for watching
I realize it's a short vlog but before I
got out of here I didn't want to you
know talk about the title of the video
pickle boy is thankful and bridges
thankful and Grandpa's thankful I just
wanted to take a moment to explain what
I'm thankful for and feel free to let us
know in the comments what you're
thankful for let us know in the comments
below what you're thankful for I just
wanted to take the time to tell
everybody how I'm thankful for all of
you and it's the truth
you know without you guys we wouldn't
have been able to do the Thanksgiving
video yesterday without you guys you
know I wouldn't have daily vlogs and
without you guys you know liking the
videos and sharing them and commenting
on them and just showing all the support
you guys do that we wouldn't have any of
this so I'm thankful for you every year
every day and I just wanted to take the
time to tell you really what do you
think before I'm thankful I'm getting
away from you from that off the whole by
the way well we are Walmart today there
was somebody taking too long at the pies
and so Bridget's harder to coughs oh
good one oh my bronchitis won't clean
her up so what do you thankful for I'm
thankful for you guys you guys are so
amazing
you're not thinking well for me at all
you know they were me and si you don't
know anyway thanks for watching you guys
and have a good Thanksgiving with
Grandpa tomorrow
bridges dad's coming your mom's not
coming she's not she's having her own
Thanksgiving I don't know she just
really wants to cook this year like I
wasn't feeling the cooking so I'm just
happy Barone dear
so that's gonna be a fritter day you
guys thanks for watching thank you for
allowing us to you know or giving us you
know the ability to help so many
families out for Thanksgiving and we
actually found dad actually found a
bunch more food I think he's gonna
donate for Christmas now I found like
two more boxes of food so it's just
sitting in the living room and then
we're gonna do that for Christmas dinner
cool so anyway thanks for watching you
guys like subscribe favorite and tweet
me what you're thankful for
