what's going on you guys kid without a
seat belt on right here behind the
camera you'll give you a goddamn ticket
Bridget Bridget us here angry grandpa
right here like/subscribe this is the
beginning
oh right now we are in the process of
handing out all of the Thanksgiving
baskets and we have been going all day
oh I've been going all day hey I'm in
there for a while you know we go to work
lock so you know what I'm happy I am too
you know we do you know we took an idea
and we ran with it
other people can do the same they don't
do in the grand scale we did you know we
gave away a lot of turkeys I mean I had
two freezers about house plum full
freezer of turkeys in the freezer my
garage was full yeah your your freezer
of garage and recording your house is
full you know people will realize it but
when you buy your turkey but
Thanksgiving dinner why not just find
edge with it you know and give it to
somebody that needs it so what was the
final count of how many boxes we in
there making we ended up making 42 boxes
and we gave a shelter to turkeys and two
hams in the ADA Fire Department of
Turkey with you the fire department of
Turkey so yeah we passed out 40 44 40
right at 46 turkeys well that's awesome
I want each and every one of y'all have
a happy Thanksgiving I don't want you so
much
turkey your dive trip trip trip to I
don't think that's real anyway true it
is real I had some safety I'm to
whatever it is tryptophane routine so
they don't they don't do things I don't
do things I don't you just making it up
on the spot
yes and you young'uns a health oh by the
way some of you young uns y'all did a
big part in this too because y'all
actually sent a few bucks and help made
this happen and I want to thank you from
the bottom my heart
love you have a safe and happy place
given and by get it off me down
God love you too I love you too
good job Mike Bridge Abby yes do you
know you're saying anymore huh I'm tired
I've been driving as five o'clock this
morning cuz I'm going home now
I will take me a bath I'm getting my
underwear then I'm going to eat go to me
you're going out to eat in your
underwear you don't eat your underwear
no I eat my own eat your own
ha ha Wendy you start wearing underwear
that's a real cool I don't
so he goes doesn't either oh gosh I'll
be naked
yeah dad you got the hot grader on your
boss ok well that's what we're gonna
what we're gonna get out of here
happy Thanksgiving people hope you all
have a drilling well we're leaving
games over I'm ready to go home now yeah
I don't blame the dude chill out
what are you doing turn what he don't
pull so how long have you been so you
started what 5 o'clock this morning oh
my god Bob while snoring I got Jacob up
got every school he's not started
packing box Jacob was helping you pack
boxes at 5:00 this morning
yep house we long do it you got one do
it that's awesome dude
but you know I see the end but you know
what I feel bad because we could help
poor people this year bottle say we did
right at 50 next year 100 I like that so
you don't stand Mike we got to come over
we gonna make a hundred boxes up for
next year yeah but you know what comes
next Christmas you know Toys for Tots
I'm coming excited about that now what
have you thought about after that domain
time to get excited about New Year's Eve
hey so next up is Thanksgiving a yellow
house Thanksgiving my house
are you sure I can't bring anything no
imagine what you're coming up Catan you
always provide all the food for these
Sunday dinner I know I love doing it all
right I won't bring nothing how about
drinks yeah bring drinks bridge I
remember bring tea and sodas okay I'm
making your favorite mayor dressing
god I love your dress on
remember a couple years ago you made it
was like a crumble yeah make it like
that I don't remember it well that's
gonna be it for today you guys thanks
for watching it was a great day we
handed out a lot of boxes and you know I
made a promise that to myself that I was
gonna film a lot of the people getting
their boxes because you know I don't
want to invade anybody's privacy you
know uh we did show some people in a
parking lot but they were cool with it I
talked to them they were okay with that
so we weren't doing it for a video we
did a video so maybe you know hopefully
we can inspire some of you guys to do it
too if you can afford to do it if you
can help just one other family you know
that'll go a world you know that'll make
a huge difference it'll make the world
of difference you know if you can just
help one family and if you can't
obviously that's okay too but if you can
it would be really great if you could do
that this is what we were able to do and
I would really love to be able to do it
again next year we're aiming for a
hundred boxes we know given up 40 this
year and it was a great time it was a
great day with that we're gonna end the
vlog short today cuz I don't want to
filter it with any other stuff with the
dogs or us watching TV it was just a
good day riding around with that and
Bridget so it was a good day Bridget you
know you enjoy the day it was a really
good day it was a lot of fun so that's
gonna be it for today you guys thanks
for watching like subscribe favorite
vomit everything
don't don't do is how Winky is how
forgiving and let's give Bridget a
couple of Twitter followers now unfollow
er no
