what's going on you guys Kate in front
of grandpa's Christmas tree behind a
camera here are four just here
where's angry grandpa oh you all right I
don't like you standing on things I'm
good you stay away I'm gonna jump don't
do it good job dude you're gonna break
your hip doing that no kit that hurt I
felt that today is Sunday and today
tomorrow button and the next day's
Tuesday that's the day we're Dula but
that is the day today or chilling out
with anchor grandpa for Sunday dinner
it's a happy day this is the happiest
I've seen dad in a while let's go we're
doing something nice
how about it dude would you chill out
here why your fourth burn no your fourth
burning shit
oh my goodness George it's all right go
away
that one's called a house on fire he did
what happened you're saying up there we
go
you weren't a good mood what up Santa
what you got have a big well held ADP's
for Christmas I notice you got like a
little winter wonderland going on your
house me I'm saying I got we chillin uh
uh antlers
no no because in a few days we're going
to be passing out the turkey baskets the
dinner baskets to the people who need it
yeah and it kind of put me in a festive
mood so I put the tree up
look at my tree are you want a ladder
yeah what we're gonna stab just cut
retreat okay we have up a tree it
actually looks good okay this thing
it's crazy kinda the cute then we got a
look at the fireplace Michael oh man I
don't have a fireplace I wish I had one
dude oh yeah you don't wrapped up daddy
love
even grandma stop he's happy mama would
have loved this mama she loved Christmas
she decked out every year
leave this dude just like musical chairs
were the latter Oh dad's this all the
stuff yeah or at least some of it come
up through got a popsicle ready to go
all the Turkish and hands are in the
freezer and for you few yards ahead of
top thank you for the Bhama heart and
you know we get so much during year man
you younger to take care of us and this
time we get back everybody needs to get
back I don't care if you if you just go
to the store buy a turkey and then you
buy your attorney by to give one to
somebody who needs it a lot of people
can't afford it and I told everybody if
somebody's watching this and they're one
of those families that needs help
do not be embarrassed to ask hello yummy
muse we got people helped us help me our
little along a lot as time we paid back
I'm really happy that were able to do
this so where's all the turkeys during
the freezer we're shoving this freezer
there's more than one freezer oh my lord
turkey ham spiral ham regular hams
turkeys can we hear this freezer wow man
hams turkeys that is awesome so we're
gonna give those out what Tuesday to see
what we're gonna do and I'm gonna be
honest with you people
I'm not gonna embarrass anybody so I'm
meeting up with this organization and
then I'll tell you all right now mill
help there's a lot of people that are on
mental health but that can't afford
Thanksgiving so we're given a big
proportion to mental health and they're
gonna be giving them Tuesday and then
they'll distribute them to the third
people we've also taken on a shelter and
we're giving them two turkeys and two
hams that's all they needed and then we
have a few that we want to liver
ourselves so it's not their network
where
well we're not exploiting anybody and
not ever going to yeah I told everybody
that you know I don't we're not going to
film anybody individually but it's been
I thought in my head that you know we're
never gonna make the video of us doing
it the reason we're doing this is not
for self gratitude the armies were
filming this is we want we want you to
understand that if you wanted to you can
do the same thing we're doing you may
not do it on a grand scale like this but
if you come if there's 25 people that
watch this that by one turkey extra
Turkey when they get there and they pass
it off that's 50 people eating it's true
if 50 people do it then and they get 50
turkeys that's 100 people eating think
about it youngest y'all can feed the
world we are our brother's keeper I
don't care what anybody says we have to
help the ones that need it so I want to
wish you a Happy Thanksgiving
and we're gonna finish this up when we
start passing this out Tuesday Happy
Holidays younger - love you all and
thank you for your help and wait for
Christmas go back you guys hey the kid
you see I'm drinking water I'll wipe my
tail for you at that hey did you miss us
you guys oh she put me waiting for the
back by the door plug an hour now Oh
before you pee say thank Christ Oh
Doug's here and Claude is freaking out
oh cool boy who is that in our house
Clyde saved the family scared
whare Bella hey is your dad gonna be at
dad's Thanksgiving will you go
we'll see you gotta come please come dad
dad's making food client is still
freaking out by you being here by the
way you're trying to get me to come and
you're telling me he's cooking well
we're gonna cook too oh I wouldn't miss
him for a world
yay meanwhile Clyde is still trying to
protect us from Doug do something about
that man good Doug he's gonna rip your
face off hey hi hey hey snug up on you
you say hey how Bella brings over a big
ball to play with this is going it boy
you're in the line of fire now Doug Oh
oh my gosh Oh Bella be nice fella
thanks girl oh come on
okay you got to show us up the whole
thing now you act like a big shot oh my
god lucky fish I got Oh cookie remember
that dog food sandwich now my dad didn't
dog treat well that's gonna be a fun day
you guys thanks for watching
today we showed you what we're doing
with the Thanksgiving boxes I showed you
the turkeys we showed you the stuffing
and the canned goods and we've been
doing a lot and I really really can't
wait to hand it all out I'm really
excited and I've said this multiple
times if your family needs help please
reach out to organizations and churches
and
you know get some help because everybody
should enjoy Thanksgiving it you know is
it's just everybody should enjoy it so
if you need help do not hesitate to ask
a few weeks ago my friend Isaac started
a GoFundMe account to help out less
fortunate families for Christmas and you
guys really came through I sent him a
check for everything that you guys sent
and we're still doing it so there's
still time for you to donate and I will
match your donations he just bought a
family and next spot are not an Xbox of
PlayStation 4 so if you want to see the
link and see the PlayStation 4 the link
is below this family he already gave it
to him and the reaction was just amazing
they wanted to talk to me and I wanted
to relay to you guys that help donate
for that thank you guys so much because
you helped make that family's Christmas
very special so there's still time to
donate if you guys want to do that the
link is below check it out so anyway
that's going to be a fair day you guys
thanks for watching chilled out with Dad
saw the turkeys dad was burned it's
fucking hands off in the freaking
fireplace
what's all that that was pretty scary
actually getting blurry
unclear clear up Michael that's gonna be
after today you guys like subscribe you
don't need a favorite favorite in my
filming you I can't tell uh looks like
it okay now say that's it
that's it wait hold on everything you
couldn't let your dad be lash out could
you tell everyone follow me follow
Michael cub ah
