what's going on you guys can be on a
camera here for just yeah how dare you
how dare you ma'am
what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here for Joe us Yeah right there
and today hit on some arm around her oh
my today on today is Saturday and today
one of them all are we yep and Toys R Us
we did a little bit of Christmas
shopping today's Christmas day of the
greenhouse and I still have a greenhouse
I'm Tim this I'm talking about a
gardening house Oh a great actual
greenhouse my heart is literally melted
I want you in the house
here's your door ah hey guys momma's
coming in so today we're gonna get some
Christmas shopping done today we're
probably going out to lunch let's just
throw that out there probably your
favorite restaurant
Olive Garden Olive Garden I'm gonna go
to all of garden have you ever seen the
video I'll put up yesterday we're angry
grandpa did the unthinkable
he apologized I don't trust that man
anger grandpa made me feel good and warm
it you mean you don't trust it you know
you don't either
I do trust it I did so in a way that's
what we got going on today shopping food
shopping food and food and then food and
food and food in this many food
by the way that was a joke your thing
isn't buffering I just added that to the
vlog to be funny let's get this Saturday
started okay today I've got pro
wrestling cray this is not the usual
wrestling crate that I open this is a
different one uh this one if I'm not
mistaken Mick Foley has some sort of
stake in it which actually find kind of
ironic because if you haven't seen Nick
Bowie's Twitter he said that he hates to
watch NXT because the fans like to make
the show about them and if he has a
controlling share and Pro Wrestling
crate that's exactly the kind of fans
they're going to be buying his Pro
Wrestling crates the fans that he can't
stand so I just wanted to get that off
my chest uh Mick Foley hates passionate
pro wrestling fans as somebody who came
from ECW who had the most pet anyway
first thing we got in here is a Dude
Love coaster
okay it is a cigar it's a poster us the
mankind logo it's one of those things do
I want to oh no this is not a dog treat
Oh like give it a treat now okay
so awesome let me tighten this up in
attack did not know that's how you
tighten posters really seriously like
walk welcome to the new age to the new
whip
okay a mr. Socko kuzey that's so cool
I'm gonna walk around my drinks in it
probably Claud can I have this and not
let you destroy it okay
this is a bottle opener Wow
cheap pop is a wrestling reference and
it's in the coca-cola format oh yeah
this is awesome crate dude yeah it's
pretty neat
Oh remember how I got that Razor Ramon
shirt that's sort of like The Ramones
yeah it made another one for Foley holy
Co holy Co be cool or eat a cola holy
Cola Mick Foley holy shit I met ah when
just just go off the rail oh holy cool
God it wasn't that funny
hahahaha it was kind of funny yeah we
got this Russell crepe Mick Foley pin
yeah man this crate is just sick yeah I
mean two shirts really practice Jack
shirt it's freaking awesome taxes cactus
Jack's ammo Depot Truth or Consequences
New Mexico that is amazing a Cactus Jack
shirt man so we got Cactus Jack should I
make Foley shirt the dude love a fucking
coaster because I don't use them the
cheap pop bottle opener the koozie and
the poster that's so cool
this is work this is
this is definitely worth getting you
guys so naturally it's going to come up
which crate do I like more pro-wrestling
crate or wrestle crate uh and it really
comes down to what you get in the box
obviously that was one of most obvious
things I've ever said when it comes down
to exclusive items a Pro Wrestling crate
is way better they have the exclusive
pop openers and the two shirts but when
it comes down to straight-up wrestling
stuff I think Russell crate is the
better deal you get autographs you get
you know DVDs do you get action figure
so as of right now wrestle crate is my
favorite but Pro Wrestling crate was
awesome I loved it if Mick Foley has a
controlling share there nice job you
could have given us a Foley autograph
though well right now the Sun is in my
eyes actually and I meant damn turn this
way much better and we are at Grimm's
toy shows favorite place in the world
Toys R Us am i showing it yes I am
excited get the buggy let's go well we
just got to Toys R Us hang Kim if you
were watching this with Lily she can't
watch anymore because we are buying
Christmas presents and we're gonna show
them so uh yeah Lily can't watch anymore
can she play with them I don't know were
they just sitting right here yeah
do you have any more turtle stuff wrong
so I'm sure they do
wait a minute what the literally
recognized right behind oh my everything
oh my god that's so funny
okay that was unexpected well hey
questions answered they do have more
Ninja Turtles too though Hey yeah really
I always looked always dig for the cold
one this will go what happened
what's that it did Oh
so we're here at Olive Garden and I'm
gonna get pasta well and Cindy you go
sleep a little I was middle telling you
you gonna stay in the car and then you
angered me Oh get in the car right there
I am typical fettuccine with meat sauce
and meatballs because never any pasta is
still in town so I got one more time to
take every bit of pasta they have all of
garden all the pasta
look Bridget slender man's gone chic oh
good and he got his slender family slit
her wife
slender man cylinder males like tired of
wearing that black suit and trying to
look really nice for the camera oh you
did if it mood old shit my pants gonna
get a thumbnail of Slenderman
I'm getting kicked out of doing this no
oh my gosh you should kiss his wife he
would haunt me
let's get in here who knows what's going
on that would you chill right here
Michael we can't be here why is it every
time we put them all come to this store
I have to you get the same stuff every
time I love this place you get like the
same thing no look this is all new stuff
it's new well this is all seasonal well
Bridget just left and I decided to do
the outro while she's gone so that's
going to be a fair day you guys
Bridget free outro thanks for watching I
had a pretty good day went to the mall
went searching for Slender Man if you
don't understand the reference there was
a documentary about a musician in
Rodrigues called searching for sugar man
and I found Slender Man it's not really
Slenderman obviously but it looked like
him so I wanted to play on the title
searching for Slenderman Slenderman
won't you come into my dreams I fucked
up the song
Slenderman would you Ari cuz I'm tired
of anyway that's gonna be it for now you
guys thanks for watching had a pretty
good day had a pretty good day Bridget
don't tell her I said that cuz she's
gonna go oh and why am I getting is it
because of the tree we turn this way
what do you know it the cameras trying
to focus on life in the tree and has not
paid me any attention anyway thanks for
watching you guys thanks for always
watching thanks for all the support you
guys have always given us we appreciate
it
dad and I are good I think I'm gonna go
over Sunday dinner tomorrow thank God
you guys said a lot of clear you want me
to shave so I'm gonna do that though
anyway thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe favorite let's finish in front
of the tree and that's it
