let me do that though I mean it's just
been a thing that's been happening dude
you've been had a lot of anger lately I
know that your boy little help
okay you telling me to think about
mental health I don't even know
dude come on yes you I'm 65 years old oh
I made it confuse them I don't believe
in anger management classes I think
they're bullshit
biblethump all you could do angry lately
man it's cuz of you though are you going
to do with it all week all week I've
been sort of good up until you brought
that freaking flash drive over with
cooking videos what's wrong we bring
Gooding videos over you just showed up
you were supposed to be out of my house
for a week and all of a sudden you're
there I'd be anywhere I want you just
randomly showed up here and I don't know
you know there's something you're able
to do it miles where you won't that's
true hey you got a fair point but now
when if I have a randomly showed up and
broke something in your house you better
not either you go to jail that's what
I'm saying you showed up you from your
lucky we're not pressing charges yes for
what about it be it for you just walked
into my house and smashed it and then my
table I still have a table in there hey
my ball this is what I mean if we're not
going to have a civilized conversation
I'm not coming to things you don't wait
by your table
what money most of the money I add goes
replacing your crap being money but you
leave me through nothing and I heard you
a little subtle hint talking about get
you a cab hahaha that's coming the Sun
will give me window yeah you're trying
to get me to get you said give me a
camper
I was looking those things up you know
they're like 20 grand you got it we
don't have that house a dollar credit I
know I don't think so
you should've give it a use my credit
why not
don't you have credit you get it I ain't
got no credit oh god if we can't get
along I'm not coming to Thanksgiving
what we will get along I don't think we
are free already not getting along
okay that's a really nice what don't
grab that big shard of glass dude please
hands me none
what are you gonna do with it nothing to
have a good mommy I like it I don't do
naturally I don't trust those that's the
perfect ash truck for somebody like you
let me get you hey don't joke around
like that dude that's like The Devil's
ashtray and you are the devil maybe
short now vampire I raised your like
good I don't know what the hell that is
sorry about me okay
it is with this I'll be a knight I know
I'm trying to be civilized with you
Totally Rad and ago probably even why
are you filming Bridgette no I was
looking at a video she's looking at a
video let's find out what are you doing
almost did you take another video
oh god it just ended what are you gonna
I feel a glass from the ground dan
there's two three in there so you never
know glass girls go when you throw it
breaks oh maybe that's a lesson you need
to learn thirty don't even talk to me
about praying yeah exactly
yeah you can get out with that mask
I gotta go nowhere are we coming to
think she has your smellin I'm Lucas
turn it off I'm looking at this video
coming up right here right around see
but I don't you filming this okay stop
hey mine you're not leaving with never
watch me leave out with it I know come
to Thanksgiving
then take your damn camera turn it off
she's a coochie recording I was talking
to all the time I was watching video yo
woman you have it says right here 30 get
on it don't do it again
near bongos to get together this one
turn it on - all right
see thanksgiving day you only Bridget oh
yeah we're not coming no I'm gonna play
it bringing you more welcome come to
house thank you that's what I thought
yeah so I'll see you guys you like it
bye Maria
yeah hey doctor if you guys were
wondering what grandpa's ashtray was a
minute ago this right here is what he
was using I'm just gonna leave it there
I thought it was kind of funny
Satan's asteroid she was dude in one
little cigarette sitting in it and then
there's one under my table thing that's
gonna be if Rene you guys ah Bridget was
recording us for the majority of my
conversation the video is
how are you out here with boxers no
shoes nobody was known that if you
didn't say anything in 50 degrees out
FRA nobody would have known this if you
can't say are you not cold not really
I'm a big fat bastard you use up 30
minutes of camera by the way sure I
clear it up by deleting it afterwards
but you used it up and I meant you
deleted it I've used it for the fog I'm
trying sir I upload into the computer
okay anyway I don't know how to feel I
mean at one head why might support what
you do to this cameras blurring nothing
one part of me I'm happy because maybe
dad's we argued but then we made up and
we talked yep I don't know what to think
ah I guess I'm going to Thanksgiving
what grandpa I guess we could finish up
the Thanksgiving boxes and stuff yeah
good cause I'm not gonna cook this year
neither did I so I don't know it's
bittersweet I'm happy I am happy that
maybe I don't have to have headaches all
week long because I've I get headaches
one of my cock what is he gonna do next
yeah it's stress and I'm sick of it
you're adding my stress right now dad
didn't do anything to me today dad
didn't do anything to you today he
apologized we hugged okay if you have a
seat please here if you haven't seen
that video the link is below
grandpa apologizes he was like I'm sorry
I think no one an apology is I mean need
me to do to clarify that if you guys are
wondering who won the montages I haven't
put out an official list because I don't
know if these people want their names
and put out there but as they tweet me I
have been retweeting them so go to my
wall check out my Twitter account link
is below an excuse to follow me
and you'll see that I've been retweeting
all the people who say thank you because
they won the shirt
it follow me though do you pretreated
none of them um I do retweet actually
also their tweets over love you don't
want to go to either of our Twitter's
their tweets are below how about that we
go to my Twitter Bridget was I'm done
with all this like subscribe favorite I
love ya guys are the best
I love TJ I can't hold over there from
tomatoes you
