what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here is here right there and
today is Friday and today all the snow
is gone all of it guys all of its gone
guys if you didn't see yesterday's vlog
it was a snow day there was one of the
funnest days of my life I loved it so
much snow was amazing but unfortunately
we woke up and it was all gone that's
all gone and yesterday was like one of
the best days ever we got like a foot of
snow you guys I don't know how it melted
that quick I don't know it's like we
woke up and I'm 70 degrees out or
something it's like 70 guys look at this
like seriously dude where did it all go
bring leak right you guys the snow is
still here guys I think it's here
forever I think it might be here forever
that's another prank guys it's gonna
melt away and we're gonna be sad okay
I'm gonna wish for more seriously this
is this sucks you guys I love it so much
but it's gonna be gone soon but I did
have an idea what take the camera okay
no uh-oh what are you doing figured why
not run to there's no bear flight all
right oh you're crazy dude not my face
oh you know why Michael Michaels really
crying guy good dude you're freaking
speeder blue
we're gonna try to venture out into the
snow you guys into the great beyond into
the great unknown fingers crossed we
don't rack check this out
whoa whoa how you do snowmen when I try
to build one kinda we should do it guys
oh it's gonna be a big one or a mini one
oh I don't know Wow many I don't do it
no more
really alright I gave up on the idea oh
oh wait guys oh here he is
we were gonna make the snowman you guys
and like most projects that I started I
gave up already all right it is what it
is done with it it's a lot of work
there's my trail and that's where it
ends look at this there's no like
driveway at all if I start slightly I'm
coming back yeah if he's our sliding
we're not going obviously mom told me
it's very ice on the road yeah that's
though this is a bit so beautiful oh we
shall like try to get into the
neighbor's yard
check out there you go them let's not do
that
seriously Julia's car purge it drive by
it Matt slow who's Matt they just gave
up they're like yeah it's wrecked
did you know welcome to South Carolina
folks I think I want to go home I'm
scared
do you really want to go home I don't
know keeping up with the spirit you guys
holy crap there's that dude I told you
it's a state of emergency South Carolina
this has been it was two minutes ago we
saw the other end I'm losing hope that
we're gonna be okay
did you okay did you see that that truck
was like one like a fence so he clearly
like when the air like man on offense
I'm terrified dude please be safe
seriously please be safe if you're
including us who say boy by some miracle
we made it you guys we around a couple
minutes away this was ten minutes away
it was about an hour ago that we left
we're at the Charleston like whatever
the only place is open guys we almost
died twice who smells like that almost
died twice birth it leaving you guys
Wow as long as it took to get here to
justice long to get out of here
that place was I don't call them slow
okay it was a snow day okay but it was
slow and oh man Bridget you got to back
up I can't get ahead yeah it's just guys
my big ass ain't squeezing into the door
that way I had to wait for Bridget a
backup had to come get more groceries
you guys because apparently yeah there's
a curfew yeah like the town of
Somerville got together and they were
like you know what these people aren't
like adult enough to make decisions
about being out of their own house when
it gets dark get home yeah right
for everyone yeah this is crazy I gotta
go home what if we're not allowed out of
the house
what am i Ocean Walk us on playing
there's no pools up excuse me sir
cheesy sure huh are you outside in the
oh my god that's hilarious
arrested it wouldn't surprise me now I
mean it was more surprise me if this bug
end with me being arrested walking out
of my own house at curfew oh my god
speaking of you've got a curfew now oh
yeah boyfriends oh god what are you
doing I can't get my wallet right but
when we're walking you never take the
camera okay controlling I'm controlling
you now good luck you do it yourself I
don't know you know what I would do with
it
what I literally had to walk to the bug
in return just put it right there
Michael I'm gonna hit it right there
here you do someone else I'm not doing
nothing with it okay you know what it's
like stuck okay it's good now it's dead
okay did I hear you say what a man well
obviously what a man no I said what I
heard somebody say what a man I thought
you were like kidding herself
it was that a stranger I might have been
a stranger because I was struggling with
the buggy and somebody's like what a man
please tell me kind on floor I just got
roasted in public by the way that dude
is ready for whatever like bonfire he
comes across
oh look at that rope jeez
all right buddy good luck whatever fire
you got we just got back from the store
you guys and Bridgette realized she
didn't get some stuff that she needed
oh she's going back she's facing curfew
you guys 30 minutes curfew was gonna hit
6 p.m. and it's a $500 fine if you're
out during it she has to be out during
it so let's feel relieved
yes did you tell me to be safe I think
I'll be fine here at home being warm and
toasty you be safe you're the one
driving around on ice good luck
hey no joke she's sick that's not funny
dude
she's sick she's so sick bye
go she believed she thought that was
funny it was kind of funny
geez
are you guys here's the plan while she's
gone I'm gonna surprise her with a
snowman bye
all right guys
Operation Snowman begins here's the one
that I started this morning that I never
finished
let's finish tendon tendon and there you
go folks yeah that's the best I could do
okay
I'm ashamed I thought I had more talent
in me making a snowman is profoundly
hard like I feel like it should be an
Olympic sport snowman making competition
cuz that's the best that I could do I
give up
I got nothing else let's play in some
snow just looking around the yard you
guys just to see just like there's so
much that I haven't even experienced yet
look at this all right here we go
yeah admittedly I thought I was kind of
a badass when I did that and now I'm
realizing that I'm not all right I know
you wanted a snowman and I didn't have
time to make one yet well okay honesty
hour it was really hard really there's
just no no it's not cute it's
embarrassing take a picture of this dude
Oh i'ma show everyone dude I'll admit I
thought I was like all right this is
gonna be balling
I'm like the best no man ever nope it's
a baby snowman guys and it's so cute
okay I'm killing it no no no you better
not covered lens I got to show apart
from the vlog from yesterday before we
get out of here in just a few minutes
you guys so
have you didn't see yesterday's vlog it
was a jam-packed snow day vlog and it's
over 30 minutes long if you haven't
checked it I encourage you please go
check it out now during the course of
that vlog I decided that I wanted to try
to do a snow angel and yeah I was doing
it backwards for some reason I thought
you go face down when you do a snow
angel and set it on your back and I
don't know how that mistake happened
well this is the scene please watch out
keep doing it you're doing great
I do yeah you did it it looks like the
Mothman yeah I totally thoroughly and
completely humiliated myself but that
wasn't enough no not for keemstar
keemstar decided to put the nail in my
coffin by the way you guys I'm just
joking it's hilarious
check out Joaquin so I had to say oh
alright man the problem is he's right I
do look like a sea turtle completely
looked like a sea turtle which was what
I was doing yeah I wasn't making a snow
angel was making a snow sea turtle I
hope it's not completely melted by the
time I wake up you guys but I have a
feeling it will be maybe cuz it is still
everywhere actually as you can see it is
sorry gonna melt but that was our couple
of days with some snow some people in
the comment section we're like oh it's
just snow no big deal it's no big deal
listen we don't get snow right like ever
like the last time it snowed here was we
lived in trailwood right that long ago
we made videos for the angry grandpa DVD
that we released back in 2011 so the
last time that we did snow was that long
ago so you should like imagine our
excitement okay we never get it so to be
able to see snow in my own yard and grab
it oh it's freezing but god I'm gonna
miss it are you guys we got to talk
about something very serious my dandruff
problem is Alex oh it's cold that's cold
okay bad bits not working that doesn't
work to called
gonna miss the snow like a lot like I'm
gonna miss how nice people are being
like seriously you know going to open
the door today somebody was like here
allow me to hold the door open for you
sir after you tomorrow in the snows melt
I'm gonna be walking in hey I was going
first prick
the snow has some kind of magic and I'm
gonna miss it our yard is filled with it
and I think by the time I wake up it's
gonna be gone but if it's not I'll vlog
it guys let's do this outro a couple
more shots of the snow first now this
right here is actually a lawsuit waiting
to happen
he's just solid ice hopefully nobody
needs to come over to our house because
actually you know what we got no
trespassing signs up so if they slip
it's with our own fault
and is gated so you're asking for it
well that's gonna be it for today you
guys thanks for watching bridges in the
shower right now so I'm just gonna
finish off the vlog without our guys
really good day really enjoyed the snow
love's sing Somerville covered and and
guys I know it's weird I'm acting sin
over snow but it's like all I'm thinking
about is how I wish dad could be around
to experience it with us and I know you
know he would hate it
like I said in yesterday's vlog he would
absolutely hate the snow but he would
absolutely love cooking for it and just
trying to make everybody happy and man
it's times like this was real hard I
love dad so much obviously and I got
this feeling it's in the pit of my
stomach you guys and it hasn't gone away
since he passed and I just feel like I
don't know clear up on my face I'm
having a moment camera come on it's just
really hard you know but thanks for
watching you guys
thank you for always watching and always
showing the support and everybody like
buying merchandise and sharing likes and
it's just profoundly like moving to me
like you guys are the best thank you so
much
you know speaking of merchandise we have
new stuff coming out we are talking
about an angry grandpa plush toy so you
can you know have a PC grandpa yourself
got a lot of ideas coming if you want
the link to our merchandise store the
link is below thanks for watching you
guys like subscribe favorite dad I love
you and that's it glad you wanna go eat
some snow come on boy it's all yours
eat as much as you want no you think
I've had my fill all right I'll be
honest I was expecting to come I
expected Clyde to go darting on the
front door the back door to get some
snow totally through the whole house
crow
never
next room I'd say that's that
you
