what's going on you guys kid with a
giant eyebrow behind a camera here for
just yeah I thought you were gonna say
pay get incest here hey get em test here
yeah seriously though I have a question
bridge as my eyebrows growing grown
bigger your are hairy bows the TV show
I'd be Haring the Henderson oh my god
you're just so hairy if I was a book
series I'd be Harry Potter I'm trying to
think of something quick who's that guy
from one direction Harry Styles house
one direction member of a hairy stuff I
hope that's something I like to do I
have a weird thing uh I don't know what
it is but when I hear a word I try to
make it work for things if I was a
character from Family Matters I'd be
Harriet fucked up with her headband oh I
gotta shave I'm hairy as hell you're so
freakin hairy Jesus Christ and it just
feels like my eyebrows are one too
beautiful and like really nice-looking
have turned into pieces of crap they're
like new and they're bushy and you know
those black caterpillars like a
caterpillar eyebrows we got Eugene Levy
click like if you guys think that I
should shave and maybe tomorrow I'll
also see you tomorrow you need to do it
today tell me what to do and I don't
want you were so hairy
today is Thursday which means today is
he Roberto back Thursday that smell I've
been waiting for that moment you got in
my face I'm saying I was like I love it
a burp I'm like she's gonna get in my
face at some point today I got a
throwback Thursday story about a past
Thanksgiving I like to tell my
Thanksgiving stories because there's so
many of them and not a single one of
them are good last year I told you guys
by the time that we set the porch on
fire we were frying a turkey and then we
had emus and they got loose and horrible
Thanksgiving so this year I don't know
if I could top the EMU story but I mean
we do got some pretty fucked up
Thanksgiving anyway that's tonight but
first we got to get this Thursday star
that female Oh such horrible weather and
immersion
well see Bella wakes up when I open the
door
yep hey girl Oh Oh what kind of sweaters
lazy wearing today candy-cane sweater oh
I saw al-saad not wasn't interested
all right well dis I'm play with my ball
all right
so in a few days I'm gonna show you guys
how me and Grandpa have been working to
get some boxes together for some
families in need for Thanksgiving
uh we haven't really talked about it
this week cuz you know I've been talking
to dad
but well we did go last week and we
bought a whole bunch of turkeys and we
got boxes and I think dad is going to
get a whole bunch of sides and stuff and
so we're boxing a whole bunch of
Thanksgiving boxes together and we're
gonna you know deliver them and I'm not
going to show I'm not going to film us
delivering them to the families because
you know there are privacy things but I
am that we are going to show you us
getting the boxes together we filmed us
buying some of the food you know I'm
gonna film me and Bridget putting the
boxes together Bridge is actually gonna
be like wrapping the boxes and getting
them prepared and we're gonna show you
guys doing that it's gonna be a video
we're just not gonna show the families
getting this stuff because of privacy
issues uh but it is something that me
Bridget and grandpa wanted to do is to
help you know some families in need so
we got a whole bunch of food together
and there's anything that you can do
help somebody out for Thanksgiving this
year and if you need help you know go to
you know go to your churches and go to
your schools and you know have yourself
a good Thanksgiving you know it's sad
that you know so many people go without
this year and I wish I can help
everybody but you know I'm trying to
help as many as I can but if you are one
of these families that needs help don't
be embarrassed go to a school go to a
church go to a you know a food pantry
whatever you got to do and have yourself
a Happy Thanksgiving
hey Bella I'm just gonna film you for a
minute
oh I always worry about taking the toy
from her yeah
Oh God
she saw claws like I don't so mom nobody
touches my ball except me that's like a
warning look I will bite your hand off
she's got both calls gripped into it you
take it you play with your ball here you
go what why do you give that one to him
he doesn't have teeth you can't fight it
dude I got it oh my god oh they're all
going for it we all want that there's no
wine so Bridget just gave me another
anniversary present I give her pizza she
gives me loads of Harry Potter stuff and
so this looks like some Harry Potter and
the Goblet of Fire
oh man I hope you like I know what it is
now you don't is it that limited edition
watch no it's the women in addition
watch you can't keep getting me such
limited things
why because I feel like an asshole don't
I told you that message look at this
it's so penned on Twitter mm-hmm the
Triwizard Tournament watch I can never
wear it I never want to please wear it
what tie it I'll try it on oh it's
probably freaking too small for my fat
wrists I'll shut up one point limited
edition things I know I got it on
backwards are you really
oh my god your check the time you get
cuter every day one so here is the
Triwizard Tournament watch you gotta
stop buying me things now okay Klaus you
know what
you can't have it buddy is not a toy you
think it looks like a Toyota moon as
nails isn't was about we're plugging dr.
pepper look how oddly oh my god hey you
know it's like a this vlog knows I'm not
even a joke that it's brought to you by
dr. pepper because people gonna believe
it I know right now out here every
Christmas the Snowman family chills with
the dr. pepper cake well that's gonna be
it for today you guys almost but first I
wanted to tell you guys my throwback
Thursday story and it is about the time
that mom ruined Thanksgiving now I don't
make sure ruined Thanksgiving in the end
it worked out but Dad was pissed off for
an entire year and he he'd bring up
every year
cheering cookie thanksgivukkah she
fucked it up next year he fucks it up
two years you go to two fucked up a
couple years ago so he would use it all
the time and I want to tell you guys
that story so this was a few years ago
like I was six I'm pretty sure we lived
in the house that I showed you guys on a
couple of videos ago from the Back to
the Future video the house where dad
smeared butter on the wall now at the
time dad had a job working for Circuit
City so dad had a job on Thanksgiving
morning which meant he had to leave the
house to go look at somebody's air
conditioning unit and that meant mom had
to cook Thanksgiving dinner which worked
swimmingly mom doesn't know how to cook
the first mistake was allowing mom to
make a turkey to begin with because she
doesn't know how to cook turkey she
didn't have no thermometer to check the
temperature
so she undercooked it and it was still
frozen in the middle she didn't know
what she was doing second she didn't
know how to make macaroni and cheese she
boiled the noodles
she didn't drain the noodles she added
water she added the powdered cheese and
shouted butter and it was just like
mostly water the next dish mom prepared
was our stuffing which was a box of
stove thought that she over liquefied
with chicken broth which turned into a
sticky mess and last but not least she
burned the rolls so what we had for
Thanksgiving dinner this year when dad
got back was frozen turkey liquid
stuffing
oh god I'm just thinking about that
stuffing it was so disgusting burned
rolls and liquid macaroni and cheese so
dad was pissed off we don't got your
thank you for doing that to you thanks a
lot bitch I don't know what we're gonna
do we got none to eat goddamn home alone
come join tonight which by the way is
one of that's favorite things to watch
home alone on Thanksgiving while eating
leftover Thanksgiving food I don't know
if I ever said that before but dad loves
it so what do we do we had Chinese well
everybody else was eating Thanksgiving
turkey and stuffing and corn breads and
biscuits and macaroni cheese and mashed
potatoes
I had sweet and sour chicken and ham
fried rice dad had egg foo yung mom had
boneless chicken and gravy it was an
absolutely divine Thanksgiving meal it
just so happens that we had to do it
because mom ruined Thanksgiving which
also meant we had to spend double the
money on Thanksgiving dinner which dad
was pissed off about a good time a nasty
day tuna
he liked to spend every dime mother's
can't go for this we dealt chicken and
dad never forgot it
he's always thought about it he'll
probably talk about that at some point
this year remember to tell your mama
dukes human dinner she should fuck that
up that bitch could hook up a soup
sandwich the following years mom would
offer to make something let me make the
sweet potato souffle Charlie yeah
goddamn bitch do you know but remember
five years ago
anyway that's gonna be a for today you
guys that was my Thanksgiving story hope
you guys liked it as much as I liked
eating that Thanksgiving food that
Thanksgiving a Chinese food Chinese food
sounds good I'm gonna get out of here no
outro from Brigette unfollow her from
everything
we're just here I get incest here must
you keep making that joke people well
I'm a peg and I like okay
