we just clear up and getting frustrated
about it that's it huh oh no dude no
come on
I can't I'm gonna break some so I'm
gonna break something
something funny
I'm sorry I'm sorry
one hour grandpa's back in our lives and
we're already fighting
I gotta calm down oh I can come back in
no you can just go live with him though
I'll do it no if you better give it to
me Carmichael you need to freaking break
things you're just like it's cool thanks
I'm sorry for what letting my anger just
I'm trying my not trying am I not trying
I don't know are you am I not
I've been great all day yeah and she got
mad at your dad and you're being an
asshole to me I'm gonna film you being a
bitch how about that party it started
recording it's already recording that's
fine I'm just gonna pose on Twitter how
big of a fucking asshole you are
you broke a light ball by the way I
didn't do that okay grandpa
go to your dad's dad knows dad knows
psychological warfare it's working on me
okay I'm sorry to all you guys for
freaking out sorry to bridge it well
just keep you got it no you gotta versus
you don't let me finish
you just gotta call me out of my shit
when I do this I'm trying it I'm
accepting it there buddy
then he'd break my light ball now I
don't have light you locked me out of
the house I was joking at first then he
pissed me off
I'm sorry you guys I'm sorry you had to
watch that I'm getting better what I've
done this last week what I have stopped
to think about it I knew yesterday was
an act
see see you do this one per okay
like subscribe you love I do love you do
but you you do said that on purpose you
have an oh it's funny to you it's a
little funny now why don't you work on
your Senate cynicism and I'm really
trying but when you say it was all like
subscribe favorite and that's it let
everything Fedora can we do a good outro
yeah thanks for watching you guys sorry
- apology accepted
oh I think a bad what's going on you
guys kid be on a camera here bridge Wes
not here bridge wes is not invited
nope Bridge OS is not no my progress is
not in the intro you fogged it out your
hand touching a fog up the one I'm sorry
I'm sweating
today is wimping why do it why do I
gotta redo it
come on what's going on you guys get me
on a camera here right there and today
is Wednesday and today which you just
saw a few minutes ago was the leftovers
from last night I'm sorry I broke the
light bulb yeah whatever
why I get smart well you broke the light
bulb yeah but yeah that was yesterday
we're fine now I thought we are well not
now okay I just had a piece of glass
guess I sort of had that coming
are you okay I'm fine don't get rude
with me you see him his folks are you
seeing ladies and gentlemen fishes on
white stars so today is Wednesday and
today I'm gonna try to get rid of stop
being such a bitch you good now hetero
head on my chit ah today is another day
without grandpa
yesterday I sort of let dad get to me he
showed up to the house that what
happened today he's uncle show up to the
house I hope so
well if he does I didn't win I feel like
he's planning something or I don't know
I don't want to discuss I'm getting mad
again stop okay
I'm gonna go ahead and get this
Wednesday started weight gain Wednesday
what do you call weight gain Wednesday
by the way anger ground Paul hoodies if
you want yours check out the link below
angry grandpa hoodies why you touch my
hoodie why are you even wearing one it's
picking eighty degrees out today because
I couldn't find a shirt I'm not wearing
anything under this yeah so you want to
keep making fun of me are you doing Oh
apparently thanks for telling me the
last minute hmm I've been walking my
wall with my zipper all the way down not
wearing boxers so everyone saw my we're
going we need to get more stuff on this
IR what else we need kosher salt didn't
we not just grab it right here you don't
pay attention to your kosher salt
we got to go said everything for dinner
cuz I'm we need peanut oil how many
people saw Mike your little meat packet
little you gotta say it's not a little
Emily don't be I was joking I was really
old the prank
we need peanut oil or vegetable
shortening look how many oils there are
corn oil I've never even heard of that
you know what happens when you pick up
corn oil what Oh
day-dream up hey you notice that it's
it's sink corn
are you looking at oh I did the delight
thing to you something me and Bridget I
could do to each other is will pretend
like something's behind us along helipad
and we'll just look until the other one
freaks it you want scoops alright
scooped
all day I dream about just all day
watching about sex an all day about
suction solvent
okay so right now we're frying our
chicken and as you can see it's in a
ziplock bag
I had a soaking in buttermilk and
paprika and kosher salt and pepper and
cayenne pepper and the recipe is below I
don't fight it and follow the cooking
instructions but it did follow the
recipe for the link for that is below if
you want to follow it but smells pretty
good now you know what we call it weight
gain Friday weight Wednesday hahaha ok
so right now Bridget is making some
macaroni cheese whether you use that in
how much milk one cup and then 1 cup
heavy whipping cream 1/2 cup half a cup
can you talk hey guys I could talk 2
tablespoons of flour 3 cups shredded
cheese salt and 1/4 a teaspoon of dry
mustard it looks good and of course if
the rest we need something we'll add it
will remove it whatever right now looks
pretty good yeah ideally I pretty much
know this chickens done but technically
it's got to be do about 160 so we're
gonna check the temperature Hey 70
my god hold on dude I can't be that cool
in there what you gotta take the cap off
okay what's going on with this thing you
gotta take the cap off are you talking
about what cat ha there's a cover on it
what oh my god
are you dealing with it alright folks
here's my weight gain Friday
okay Brian I keep saying Friday for
weight gain Wednesday loaded mashed
potatoes with gravy fried chicken fried
chicken with gravy homemade macaroni and
oh yeah we made that dip again how could
we resist how could I literally what can
we gain weight without that that's gonna
be it for today you guys thanks for
watching today was a little better I am
I earlier last night the beginning of
the vlog I was sort of turning an anger
grandpa uh yeah cynical this is why
don't press don't piss me off so I'm
gonna get out of here okay is it anybody
else here the plane didn't they get made
like fly over Mouse all waited with that
kids cutting a vlog let's fly the other
direction right not really I'm just
joking by the way I'm gonna get out of
here thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe favorite if I meant everything
rejoice don't follow on anything follow
me follow me though don't fall him live
guys hey
