what's going on you guys kicked me on a
camera here for just here right there I
also say Bridget west right there goes
on right there and today is our
anniversary day anniversary seven years
seven years too many you made me cry
well I hate you and so that's the things
that I do
I posted a good message on her Facebook
account this morning every time I read
it I cry if I missed a romanticism
that's what I am what can I say I get
romantic Michael one day a year I get
half romantic Michael on Valentine's Day
and then you get piece of shit asshole
the rest of the year Noah today is our
anniversary
and today we're staying in we're gonna
watch movies and we're gonna cook I'm
gonna cook spaghetti carbonara and
everybody on board I like not Depp see
this is the kind of thing Jennifer show
you do the one you can interrupt me all
you want today is our anniversary I'm
gonna be cooking spaghetti carbonara I
can't even speak it if I can't save an
era I can't say it I probably can't cook
it spaghetti carbonara carbonara and
today what is the spaghetti carbonara
that's a so anyway that's what we got
going on today I'm gonna cook we're
gonna have a good time together and open
your gifts no I'm not opening them you
didn't get anything yet I got that
message it's all I order Bridget a bunch
of prizes and they didn't come yet the
muscle shit the message with enough
Sweeney we're gonna get this day started
gonna start cooking gonna get ready for
the day what was assholes and do it know
what happy anniversary that's all I
wanted
oh don't film that oh my god I didn't
need a cast-iron skillet
oh my god okay so the first thing that
I'm going to make for the anniversary
dinner is some dip some garlic not dip
we're gonna have garlic knots in a
circle on a cast-iron skillet with dip
in the middle I saw it like a BuzzFeed
video on Facebook so we're trying it out
so we start off with 8 ounces of cream
cheese 1 cup mozzarella cheese half of a
cup of ricotta cheese some fresh basil
or basil as I call it or as it's called
also it's in a pot now because the bowl
wasn't big enough some fresh crushed
garlic 1/2 a cup of Parmesan cheese and
some red pepper stir it up mix it
together really good the cream cheese
maybe should be softened maybe but it is
what it is we'll get it I just realized
I didn't show you guys you put the mix
in between garlic nuts you roll pizza
dough into knots you put them in a
circle like that and you put the dip in
the middle of it and you bake it at 375
so first I'm gonna start off with a
little bit of olive oil and a hot
skillet to that I'm going to add up this
chopped up bacon now said to use
pancetta but I could not find any but I
said to you good to use some really good
fit cut bacon so that's what I'm using
here I use a little more than usual
because I like bacon and I'm making
extra
next we're going to work on our sauce so
I separated 5 egg yolks because I like a
little creamier sauce a little bit of
salt a little bit of salt you don't
wanna do too much salt because the bacon
and the Parmesan cheese are already
pretty salty pepperoni and Parmesan
cheese please whisk that up really good
now a lot of you real cooks are going to
consider this blasphemy I'm gonna add
onions and garlic to the carbonara the
one that I had I really liked it had
onions and garlic not much not gonna do
much but I am going to do some because a
lot of people said that regular
carbonara is a little bland and this
helps bring it up so if I mess it up I
mess it up a little bit of garlic and a
little bit of onion like I said not much
okay coming up this part is very
important as you can see the bacon is a
little crispy I've taken it off the heat
and now I'm taking the noodles right out
of the pot and add in it directly to
that
to that I take a little bit of the pasta
water and I add it straight to that this
is the most critical step first I'm
going to go ahead and mix all these
flavors together
you see you want it to cool down as you
see I have it over the pan that I boil
the noodles in and I'm just gonna I'm
gonna keep it a little hopping out on
the heat that way when I add the egg
mixture
it doesn't scramble the eggs up it just
makes it a soft egg this is the egg
cheese salt pepper mixture that I came
up with I didn't come up with Italians
came up with just good a good mix take
it off the heat cuz it's done my friends
just give it a stir around and it's
cooked you just sit there and finish it
off okay now I stir it twist it twist it
onto this a little more Parmesan cheese
over the top a little bit of fresh
parsley and some pepper right over the
top and oh the garlic knots and dip they
almost burned that came close holy crap
I almost forgot about those I'll sit
that on the table lose it one there one
there let's get some bubbly oh my god
you got champagne that well anything for
my baby
including sparkling Welch's my favorite
yep non-alcoholic people I don't drink
and I got it on the table boss oh that
is so cute jeez this was a date of like
fill it up if it was alcohol and I lost
my Romanticism when I spilled it so here
it is spaghetti carbonara sparkling
grape juice because I don't drink and
that let's eat so here they are trying
for it so much the thing
first time ever even considering making
this before so long
Wow that's up I just requested to do
that by the way I was like we should
have a glass clink moment the pickle was
getting lit oh yeah not like all so
you'll see some nice about me
mm-hmm you know how to cook that's it I
really love you
seventy years ago I made the best
decision of my life to break up with my
ex-girlfriend because she was a bitch
but then we got back together and here
we are seven years later that was hardly
we broke up at the beginning of our
relationship
Oh spaghetti carbonara hanging off my
beard we dated two months and I was like
this shit sucks I hate her I didn't say
I hated her but I broke up with her it's
like leave me friends first and I
strongly agree with that if you're
getting in a relationship
ooh Bridget careful on the ball we know
she's I don't know I'm holding this wine
glass because there's no wine in it I'll
sit that down if you're gonna get in a
relationship I strongly advise being
good friends first because it will work
out in the long run yeah obviously were
we're best friends we're best we're
still best friends and like I said
posted on her Facebook I you know I am
really proud to see that she doesn't let
any of those comments that the haters
give get towards I don't know if I can
handle it
if I was a chick I would crumble I'd be
like every night cry and I couldn't
handle it she's great about it so I love
you I love you more now when I come
you're so sweet now I'm eating now we're
talking now we're not doing sweet things
anymore nummy oh my god now we're not
doing sweet things they weren't I'm
eating but now I look like an asshole
you're sorry yeah
I mean the Facebook post sucked and I
know I loved your Facebook both really
of course thank you I can't talk while I
use people don't rip you apart
oh my god is hot with that oh my gosh
that's probably so good I know she'll
just go for it and burn the hell out
herself
my god
mm-hmm Oh BuzzFeed I got trying BuzzFeed
knows the way directly to my heart
literally almost of I'm almost at the
bottom of this bottle oh and I'm not
feeling a thing oh my god and this
tablecloth has taken a beating
oh look at that haha we should get
another bottle dear we braised I don't
think I'm done think I'm good enough to
drive I don't know how to drive maybe
there is alcohol this stuff and we have
dessert holy crap quinoa Bowl yeah
well that's it for the dinner portion of
the anniversary we got prizes coming up
I don't have any prizes for Bridget
because no one came in time so now it's
gonna be just me
the message was enough really in the
dinner in the dinner one year I made
dinner for Bridget for anniversary love
she hated it
it was I was in our first or second at
first our first anniversary I made
spaghetti we were living in the trailer
still and I made spaghetti and I must
add a cup of sugar to it I didn't know
what I was doing she liked to bite it's
good she ate it
I love lip good rigged up with you've
lied all these years all these years so
that she it was horrible I'm willing to
admit it why won't she
so it's time for me to open to the
present I'm really sorry I don't have
you anything Michael really this is
enough swear to God I mean hello how
much time to make times I go to the
mailbox today like 20 yeah
the mail came and no
but trust me this is the message the
dinner it's all I want this sign up is
obviously closed so I hope it's a 12x oh
it's not a 12x is barely fitting how'd
you see what what is this then close oh
come on
what is the Harry Potter and the
Sorcerer's Stone signed script yep
oh come on huh Wow
and that's what if bit of authenticity
yep your that is awesome
see I'm already a piece of shit you are
not I'll give you dinner to give me a
signed Daniel Radcliffe Harry Potter
script is this one they used oh Jesus
candy all right Shannon okay right right
I like it though I think it's cute me
and my candy cane pants you should put
those on right now
Oh me and my kid open we're those goals
yep these I can see Gamecocks and I like
the material this time when I get out of
bed they won't rip in the crotch Oh Oh
another one
can't find it Anna another pickle on a
mine
yeah grandpa destroyed the other one he
did did me yeah so this one I want to
actually just keep unless you want to
hang in a box you have cigars
yeah Cuban Oh smoke Golden Snitch you
gotta give me a Golden Snitch
you don't know what to go to snitch this
is Harry Potter Wow Michael Green has
caught the Golden Snitch cool dude I
don't want to open up the scroll
this better not be what I think it is I
don't know
Tales of Beedle The Bard nope yes it is
no it isn't I've been looking for this
oh god it is oh my goodness Bridget oh
I've been looking for it every year I've
been looking for for yours
JK Raleigh put out a special edition
Tales of Beedle The Bard
he only made a certain number of copies
you I don't want even want to know what
you paid for this because you can't find
it
Oh let's open it up get away from the
dip first the collector's edition prints
brand-new yeah oh man
Wow the what oh come on what it's signed
yep Wow how'd you find this don't tell
me this is so with JK Rowling wrote as
an intro and then inside of the stories
Wow I don't know how you found it signed
I really don't want to pay for it but
you don't just oh my goodness Bridget
that's the coolest thing I've ever seen
and I got you nothing I don't want
anything I just want you I've been
looking for this forever I was
considering getting this tattooed on me
oh my god not that big you okay where
well that's gonna be it for today you
guys thanks for watching thanks for
joining Bridget and I on our anniversary
we play it low-key we didn't go out to
dinner we didn't go to the movies we did
all that here we brought the dinner to
the house we should go to my favorite
stores that you hate the anniversaries
over sweetie no it's over at midnight no
I'm sorry this ain't Cinderella it's
over oh it's over until tomorrow when I
wake up it's over actually it was over
three hours ago no I don't wanna go to
those stores can you guys believe bad I
don't want to be over yet oh it's not
over let's go to the stores so we're
ready to go to a bunch of shitty stores
are they even still open day one without
grandpa success was a good day granted
it was the anniversary so let's see how
tomorrow goes but day one was a success
made a good decision so I was halfway
expecting dad to bust in and ruin the
anniversary weren't you I expect to be
eating the spaghetti carbonara and dad
just busting why did you Richard Marcos
but he actually tried to call me
I don't know what's going on but anyway
I'm gonna get out of here thanks for
watching you guys if you haven't seen
where grandpa broke the iPad link is
below
that's one anniversary present that he
ruined but thank you for it anyway
thanks for watching you guys by the way
angry grandpa hoodie get my back
Bridgette I get any fatter I'm asking
you got the shower I get my back where
did you get my bed for me so anyway
that's gonna be for today you guys
thanks for watching
Bridgette I love you thank you for a
great life we're really I'm really happy
with you so thanks for watching you guys
like subscribe are you crying again hey
Bravo favorite and we're going upstairs
