what's going on you guys tip behind the
camera here for just ya mood don't push
me Michael so don't ruin my mood I'm in
a good mood today so uh I wasn't going
to do a vlog today that was my intention
I've just been in a really bad mood ever
since yeah and I can tell trying to talk
just nagging - am I allowed to talk is
that yes or no so I've been in really
foul mood and I wasn't gonna do a vlog
and then dad called me a few minutes ago
telling me that if we didn't take him
out to dinner
he's calling the police I didn't tell
you yet how about we call the police on
him then how about Lucas hey Richie now
you know he rocks
how about you again I'm getting really
upset yeah me too let him go ahead
grandpa oh gosh oh gosh I just do my
intro this is just absurd he's gonna
call the cops for breaking his table and
obviously I could repress charges who
Frank in the iPad okay but I know what
police to be involved in our situation
okay I've decided to continue the intro
without Bridget she's not a lot of talk
but I'm right over here stalk this
better not ruin our anniversary this
what anniversary we didn't make it to it
oh yeah our anniversaries tomorrow yeah
I don't I don't wanna hear about your
dad so that's your anniversary present
for me you won't hear my dad all day
gradually you the only thing I'm getting
so mmm I can't help that
you don't be so interested in anything
I'm just kidding like in package has
been arrived I don't want anything
packages have been arriving for me and I
haven't gotten per to anything well
you're an asshole no I'm not covering it
we gotta go to dinner with dad he's got
it's gonna be fancy okay well I don't
wanna sit next to him
you can't keep putting out with us again
handle it the intros aren't over yet yes
no one ain't I don't want to do this
come on
I'm so irritated I know just ignore it
if you guys haven't seen the video yet
the link is below
grandpa tearing off the iPad the thing
exploded the iPad exploded okay I just
want to have a good day I want to forget
about it we can't forget about cuz we
gotta go to dinner well I don't talk
about it's got to be fancy why is it
coffee fan cuz he said he wants it fancy
so we gotta go and get our you maybe two
commandment God take me for a day of fun
so I gotta take his ass to like a
Japanese Steakhouse or something well I
mind a Japanese sake up oh you're
another donut Costco I know you know
what that is
oh because you'd go in there to get free
samples on the weekend sometimes yes yes
by the mall okay it's fancy enough dude
I will you will be taking the whole Chop
House no no
I'm not talking dude let me tell you
something I could call the police on you
too
you broke a Lu did you break an iPad or
not and iPad pro look you do bury my
table and apps and all the tables you
broke I improve it and I'm adverse the
table yeah seriously the tape damn right
that table cost me a lot of money oh by
the way thanks my new table you got me
today
Bridget I got a question why the table
have $15 gonna buy you that damn cheat
well you're already out what thousand
for the laugh but I well you see this
shut up
how about that the iPad is $1,000 and
you decided first anniversary gala I'm
oh well you buy you another one
no she bought it for me actually she'll
buy you another shut up nice did you
know they don't even have you I'm done
talking I'm ready to go eat why are you
doing it like that yeah
now there is no ice and then the shorter
videos will be coming out that's one way
Oh
you got your damn
see you don't even thank me for the meal
you just leave Michael thank you for the
food
oh my god that's gonna thank you now I'm
gonna throw up
that's rare you got it on film right I
filmed it any other goddamn turtle oh
god motherfucker burn another part where
I can't get out on God camera we've got
their boss here I'm waiting all year for
it now have it guess I'm making um I'll
be okay does anybody know if they have
them in your area they're the Christmas
cookies all shaped like trees and
bullshit in a bag like this with like
sugar on the top because oh won't worry
I got it or Target or Walgreens nobody
has it I will fuck to my heart and we
fucking tonight I got those twisted
condoms no matter that oh here here's
probably or it could have been like holy
fucking tonight I'm on my period
Hey are we drinking wine nanniversary
maybe anything about how about that what
yeah why are you drinking him are we
shouting chug chug how about that what
yeah it's perfect for wine are you going
to Coachella happy anniversary what do
we do for anniversary I don't remember
yeah you were crazy blacked out oh my
god no well we just got back from
Walmart and we got all the stuff for
mine and Bridget anniversary dinner
tomorrow I am making spaghetti carbonara
so if you guys want to see me make the
spaghetti carbonara tomorrow click like
and I will show you me make it I'm
Norman it myself it could be a big fail
I might have ruined our our anniversary
dinner but
maybe it's going to be good so click
like if you want to see us make it some
people are asking for an update on the
tree so here it is no ornaments are on
it yet we learned and I swear you can't
really tell on the log but it looks so
good in person without anything else
pre-lit although stuff as is it just
looks good I really feel like that
my anger the film I'm trying to open up
June you gotta film it fine
I don't know look I think that your
management is bullshit I don't believe
in anger management I don't know what to
do oh god just patch it up to me I think
that's what I've been more upset about
the past few days I don't know if you
saw the vlog I put up yesterday uh even
more so upset what are you doing
what do you in messing with a camera for
I'm filming you like doing this and
sitting OT okay cynical
so the Saji acepted go ahead Michael
we're not allowed to open up to each
other anymore
you don't get life yeah you've got none
that's gonna be it for today you guys
now using any of the footage you shot by
the way start over
best I can't when when you talk while
I'm talking
maybe you should go away for a few days
oh please will you start tomorrow yeah
now tonight happy universe you're gonna
piss me off burn you're not going
anywhere
so please meet my hot rod won't be nice
to me stop treating me like shit I can't
even do this I'm sorry I'm sorry for
what Michael what are you sorry for this
I'm taking this time I'm sorry Bridget
for what being an asshole you push me
you know how to push my button do you
know how I'm sorry but I don't you're
mad at your dad don't take it out on I
got anger problems I told you I know
this it's not a lot worse you want me to
have anger poems because of that cycle
do you want me to that's gonna be for
today you guys thanks for watching
tomorrow along on everything tomorrow
bridge and I are celebrating our
anniversary maybe now we're celebrating
it you keep talking so we're celebrating
anniversary tomorrow I said I was sorry
dude what else are you stuffing a jerk
I'm mourning my bridge I'm not mad at
you I swear to god I've acting like it
I'm sorry okay I do what can I do
no grandpa for the entire week dad if
you watch this is what it is that's
gonna be it for today you guys thanks
for watching Lykos and cleitus merely is
just freaking hungry he's sad it's like
thank stop being cynical that's gonna be
if I tell you guys thanks for watching
like subscribe favorite comment
everything for just and that's
ah except yes
