what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here for just yes right there and
today I'm excited today is the day that
I'm going to show anger grandpa the
winning montage for for what the montage
I had a misfire in my brain area uh I'm
gonna show anger grandpa the video
montage so I can finally make them say
hey you stop it you stop this that's
today I will be showing you guys in the
next few days who the top ten are and
who's gonna be winning some t-shirts so
anyway forget all this let's get this
day started
montage style can you have no words I
hate this man I hate it this is really
sad dad we can't keep it inside I don't
want it in here it caught on fire dude
Oh smell that Oh Michael come on let's
go outside I just want to show the
camera and then we'll check it out let's
go outside and show it
Oh so surprise surprise I had the iPad
Pro for a day maybe for your birthday
Oh June yeah I didn't get me I the Apple
Care on it try now what is that smell
see I'm like scared like I don't even
want to freaking inhale it no more you
ran out the frickin house what about me
I know you should have freaking came so
I tried to show grandpa the montage and
he flipped out and then the freaking
life had caught on fire what
look at this Ridgid dude it smells it's
weird I don't like the smell like I'm
scared get a shot of that
how freaking burned up it is so I didn't
have that very long that's happy
anniversary and I'm not blaming you I'm
I was really freaking happy with it I
was gonna watch freaking TV with it
tonight now I can't I know all I kind of
want to cry
where should we put it travellish a
terrorist attack in Paris fire to the
crew that isn't anything in the first 10
seconds this day get any worse
to scream much I've decided I'm not
gonna put up
I don't even add up I'm definitely I'm
deciding if I should cut up a vlog if I
should use any of this I'm definitely
not gonna put up grandpa destroying the
iPad today I'll put it up tomorrow
I had a pure respect for everybody in
Paris I can't I can't bring myself to
upload the video this is really sad
these two things are so which are
important it's well that's gonna be a
fair day you guys I'm gonna end the vlog
short today at a respect for those
involved in the terrorist attack in
Paris
um it's another senseless terrorist
attack it's sounding like Isis is taking
credit for it and out of respect I
wanted to stop now I wasn't even gonna
upload a video but I did want to upload
to tell you guys that I'm not gonna be
uploading a video the video with grandpa
destroying my iPad is gonna go up
tomorrow I was going to put it up
tonight but again out of respect I don't
want to be insensitive and upload
something like that well something like
this is happening so I wanted to stop
everything right now and end the vlog I
realizes it's you know fairly short but
I'm gonna get out of here thanks for
watching you guys please if you're in
Paris be safe and that's going to be it
thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe favourite it and that's it
