what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here bridge West not here as a
present to you guys for vlog number 500
I decided to give you a Bridgette free
intro and I accomplished this by sending
Bridgette to King Street on downtown
Charleston to get the new iPad because I
don't want her here for the intro she's
not sure I just wanted the iPad so here
we are on vlog number 500 when I started
on vlog number one I didn't think that
you know I honestly saw myself as
stopping doing them really early on
because it does take a lot of work to do
vlog and you got to add it every day and
you a lot of youtubers they like to not
a lot not all of them but a lot of
youtubers like to do their vlogs the day
before and put it up the next day That's
not me I do my vlogs the day of and put
it up the day that I record it which
adds a lot more pressure to it because
it's a lot harder to edit a video and
put it up that day than it is to edit go
to sleep put it up the next day so I
never thought that I would get to 500
vlogs when I reached a year I think I
couldn't believe that I would get 365
vlogs now we're 500 we are halfway to a
thousand
holy shit so I just wanted to take this
intro to take the time to tell you guys
thank you thank you for sharing the
vlogs thank you thank you for watching
the vlogs thank you for being interested
in our lives thank you for everything
that you guys do because without you we
wouldn't have 500 blogs without you we
wouldn't have 300 vlogs without you I
wouldn't have a channel without you guys
there is no anger grandpa without you
guys there is no kid behind a camera
without you guys there is no Bridget
west here because we survived from you
so thank you guys for watching thank you
guys for being here 500 times you've
seen me 500 times and I'm so fucking
happy about it thank you guys for
everything and let's start this vlog 500
style I already know what it is dude
oh yeah talk about it
why don't I where I is closed he go yes
we haven't waiting I have been waiting
okay you have I don't want to see you
don't let me finish I have been waiting
to get this for you for our seven year
anniversary which is Monday the thing is
I don't don't have him yet sort of God I
don't have anything it's hard you won't
show interest in anything and I made the
hint that I want to get you a witch or
sword and yeah so anyway it's too
expensive
anyway we are unboxing the brand new
iPad pro yes silver right yep one silver
one warning uh-huh you're welcome
thank you yeah hustle can you see me
unboxing this thing yeah darlin ruff oh
my God look at it oh my god is Hugh why
is it so big it is so big Wow holy crap
sit this down whistle compare it to mine
Oh oh my god that was crazy
hmm it's so big Wow well I've been
waiting on this
that's insane Oh beautiful
Thank You Bridget you're welcome this is
my 500 bog present not an anniversary
present whoa
let's put chicken anchor grandpa Anke
didn't
you baby eggy gamboll the header for my
youtube is not big enough to fit the
iPad pro screen holy crap
Wow I was going to tell everybody how
using this to click the little bell but
I got a sign in everything but to get
notifications somewhere on this click
the bell it's not on this stuff cuz I'm
not signed in but click the bell you'll
be notified me upload oh oh my god
look a sweet little dogs are going crazy
I don't know oh you guys happy for 500
logs how did my lunch of vlogs happy 500
logs did you say happy 500 dogs too big
to make it up hey there you go Belle you
did it what's going on here look she
can't do it again
ah even got a cave ha did okay
cut it so big I'm gonna love watching TV
on this not the first time I heard you
say that it's too big you know what they
say about big feet big socks and a
gigantic cock so here we go boy
iPad pro I'm gonna be watching some TV
on that boy I mean since you didn't get
me anything though I can't write oh I'm
watching ain't damn home also I think
I'm mispronouncing yes I think it's
called Pharaoh Roche I think of hold a
full railroad could be wrong still
what's the what's it called chocolate
balls we got ourselves a gigantic
chocolate buffle of gigantic Pharaoh
Roche by the way look at this now I'm a
little worried maybe we got one that was
big one time it's just filled with many
ones yeah I'm hoping that this really is
the big real one it looks like it might
be worth it no way come on oh my god eat
you you chocolate bastard bar big
chocolate fall oh my god please Oh guys
you guys please give it to me I get the
first blow first fight I ever behind me
ready all right huh
there's no booing what is fucking hollow
huh
okay you can have it that's the best
part
once the fuckin haze what I'm feeling
where is the hey stop I'm sorry
know why I don't know
they lied ain't no femoral wrote a G's a
sucks man like real sick what a way to
celebrate 500 vlogs while the hollow
piece of crap I'm gonna eat it but I'm
happy I'm so happy but I'm real happy
I'm real happy but I'm like out a little
bit we got to really be watching Felix
cuz he tries to mess with the tree Felix
can you do me a favor and not destroy
the tree okay oh there one Felix I just
wanted to talk to Felix for a second he
takes off running I love that the dogs
love the tree though
it gets really cute when Belle just
wants like chill around it you love the
Christmas tree too
well that's gonna be afraid of you guys
thanks for watching Wow 500 vlogs can
you believe it Heidi 500 vlogs it's
amazing that we made it so long smack
that like button if you've been one of
the people who's been watching since
vlog number one let us know what was
vlog number one I don't remember
actually uh-huh let us know in the
comment section what vlog you started to
watch at it's amazing to reach 500 and
Bridget thank you for the iPad pro I'm
gonna be on it on my I hope you realize
that that big screen is gonna be keeping
you up at night because I call I like to
watch Netflix and stuff when I go to bed
just turn off screen lighting I can't I
gotta has a fulbright why not when I go
to bed there's got to be Oh anyway
thanks for watching you guys
Pharaoh Rocha you let us down
I pad we've done melt me down once the
hollow bought chocolate you strike me
over on this one that's gonna be it for
today you guys I'm gonna finally show
anger grandpa one of the submissions
tomorrow for the angry grandpa montage
I'm really hoping stop this is like
hopefully he goes oh so that's the goal
see you guys tomorrow
thanks for watching smack that like
button thank you for all your support I
like it's always when I was hit button
I've always felt like that smack that
like button in a word
thanks for watching you guys button like
subscribe favorite we could do it at the
same time ready like that's not the same
time like subscribe favorite and give
out my shot Hana
it fell it fell hey yeah it felt hey
