what's going on you guys get me on a
camera here can with blue TVs us yeah
let me break something today
why can't I do my intro today is
Wednesday
and today we're putting up our Christmas
tree oh I'm in hell I'm excited
forget it I'm getting the vlog started I
want to prolong it anymore let's get
this wednesday started Christmas tree
style Christmas tree style no I'm taking
the credit for that let's get this
Wednesday started Christmas tree Street
style I really like you know what's kind
of funny flat both of our trees did we
had last year are right next to each
other we had this one then we had this
one that's so funny
this one is so cute and cheap though
it's 48 what you yours you're really
high on this tree it's a cute is this
not you yeah that one's obviously better
still of pinecones and it's cute it's a
way cuter trick yeah it's pretty walking
the lens no you dropped bridge drop the
camera earlier I don't blame me you did
it you dropped the camera
uh would you buy foot pounds fo and tree
hug I'll be here we go okay oh my god
it's not going again come on figured
wake up I'm leaving so Bridgette I need
help here with Kim don't wanna so
Bridgette is trying to force us to get a
little tiny tree for the front door it's
so cute this though yeah it's my
favorite do come on
just like as tiny as they come but I'm
holding it with one finger like it's so
cute though you go bird here's how about
this piece of crap oh my god this is
probably what I would put outside yeah
I'm out of this tea like that's really
actually
Oh Bridgette here's this sweater that's
pissing everybody off really yeah yeah
cuz it's obsessive Christmas disorder oh
my god instead of obsessive compulsive
it was like I have a disorder I have OCD
at least mildly I think and this is not
offense
I'm not offended by the OCD sweater well
that fit me
you really do some crazy OCD is so
diapers the medium OCD sweater will F at
me yeah you should get it obviously will
not we can put the tree up in it
alright Bridget I will give you two
dollars if you climb this tree right
here in the store
really yes right now two dollars climate
alright filming you ready I'm kidding
I'm not really not gonna climb the tree
come on I'll give you five good climate
yes the climate would you do a this
whole thing we just like we gone it
would be level Michael five dollars say
six and McDonald's Michael Bridget I
think I shrunk Wyatt will you decide
this regular huh Ferrero Rocher or this
regular size rice crispy treat or those
regular gummy is it was regular Lisa's
tea better cub or this regular york
peppermint pattie oh my god regular
snicker
I'm shrieking I Strunk - I think pitch
which school I'm actually gonna get
these though okay everybody always want
to know how tall I am here we go
alright you're about your belt oh I
couldn't do it less long house for I'll
do it
five of five ten yeah I am 531 oh there
you go I'm sure
would you could you imagine that were to
look lower with me okay people want to
know hey look I'm a juggernaut yet oh
I'm just kidding you joke about me hey
Bridget I got you some jewelry for
anniversary oh happy embrace Michael
happy anniversary huh stop fighting with
me you put it on okay let me take my
girls you're not gonna wear the jewelry
I got you oh okay Michael this isn't
were thing no no I'll let you put on
yourself in play it better be on you it
can go further I'm gonna smash it
General Michael so this is what it looks
like pushing through the Buffalo store
right now Bridget because the frickin
gigantic tree so bye everybody
where's for flood if I hit anybody you
need to let me know before it happens
Michael oh I'm gonna hurt you dude so
while we were leaving Target
Bridget decided she want to get some
Starbucks because I guess Starbucks and
target em team together and they have a
Starbucks in the target now and so I
decided to get myself a creme brulee
caramel coffee and it came in this let
me ask you guys a question what is this
what is it about this cup that offends
so many people do you know Richard I I
know I think I think God don't know what
the problem is it doesn't I don't read
cop I don't know I think it's for
Christmas and that's it that's oh it's
the Christmas thing it's a Christmas
thing you all I know is people are
posting on Facebook how dare Starbucks
give a red cup I was like what the hell
you know I read something about it I
think cuz like it doesn't say man hey
yeah way cool I just cleaned I just
don't like survives but I love Starbucks
some ways that okay Michael oh sorry I
can't believe you're doing this I'm
gonna drink a real set whoo
you got it do it again
are you kidding me right now you got
that you only helped put a Ewing me you
wouldn't make that up I'm sorry
joking okay I'm getting around I'll
clean it tomorrow
when we put up that Christmas tree oh I
don't know Michael just takes hours and
hours to get the stuff out of stainless
steel maybe you show you give me the
cleaner maybe you shouldn't spit coffee
all over the fridge this year we decided
to not get a blue tree it's not
unbelievable every year we get a blue
tree this year we decided to get some
color all the colors so it's not gonna
be just a blue tree this year I don't
know I'm thinking a blue Christmas and
without it Oh so oddly I don't know see
there's already too tight Annette lets
Christmas already over don't patronize
me do the tree doesn't ok give you the
row I'm gonna pull one for Mom the son
of a bitch will quit movin we had a nice
Christmas tree and now it's a piece of
just not even the right piece huh but
that's the middle testing I was seeing
if you knew uh-huh yeah give me the
right piece oh is it bad
the first thing I thought of Brigid was
one of those turkey legs at the fair oh
look oh jeez people I can see it man you
like it with dinosaur all right Merry
Christmas everyone
that's the tree what I got the wires an
accident don't do it I'll just take it
back
hey what hey I'm not trying to cut the
wires
oh yeah cut this stuff up you're making
this horrible you're making it now
really you know it really is Christmas
time in hell yeah with you every days
hell of you
des is torture with you the tortoise
with you I said it first
I hate you I don't really hate you you
know I'm waiting for the top to the tree
you know I I don't want to be with you
anymore about that fun I'm kidding I
don't mean the hug to treetop okay
mother well I really do that I don't
know leave me to talk to the tree I'm
cutting ulema get it yourself I'm done
with you good kidding oh we're done he's
just a search for people his new
girlfriend begins now oh yeah count of
three one two three
you really ruin the moment what's going
on
what's happening to trade you trying to
find the thingy I said the count of
three and it ruined it
sorry where is it what's it look like
I wasn't ready here
what hold on one you ruin the moment so
the tree is lit ladies and gentleman
we're gonna put a little ornaments on
there we were gonna have lots of colors
but and I don't know if the cameras
really picking it up well but this pre
lighting on here is awesome
it's very pretty like I just I love it
so we're gonna keep this as is just put
some ornaments on there okay we have a
dilemma I do not want to tie every
single one of these bulbs oh my god wait
a min we didn't throw we lost your stuff
did we holiday socks my little lives
will run with this tree I'm afraid this
will be a mouse in disguise I've had it
I'm fucking have it you can do it got
all OH
okay uh I'm still trying to it's been
like 15 minutes to you if you don't
think it's 15 minutes per we might as
well just frickin go tomorrow by hooks
because does anyone do this anymore
sorry
I apologized please don't get mad at me
this is the tree for tonight we'll have
it finished for tomorrow's video it has
truly been Christmas time in hell and if
you do not understand the reference
in as a South Park song I'm out of this
I'm done doing the outro all the anger
and the drama over the tree aside I
wanted to take a minute to talk about
Veterans Day just take a moment to thank
all of the members of our armed service
who keep us safe you know that is for
you guys
you know over time people forget you
know that veterans are so important to
our country and it kind of sucks that
you got Veterans Day it should be every
day you should you know really
appreciate the veterans because they
really keep us safe so happy Veterans
Day and you know thank you for
everything that you guys do for us well
that's gonna be a friend let you guys
thanks for watching
like that's not it oh you're out of the
outro now hey yeah I just wanted to tell
you guys I don't know I had nothing to
say I guess it is good yeah like like
subscribe yeah well then everything
don't follow her on anything for us next
week I'm gonna let you guys know about
the 1 million subscriber giveaway I'm
gonna be giving away some vlogging
cameras for some of you guys to start
your own YouTube's I hit a million now
I'm gonna do the give way I tell you
guys about that next week but first
we're gonna finish our montages and give
away some shirts that's gonna be for now
you guys like like ah subscribe hey you
broke my finger I think yeah liar
oh good everything for two mice
