what's going on you guys kidding the
same Seth Rollins shirt is last two days
behind a camera here for just here right
there and with the same shirt I wore
yesterday though and today is Tuesday
and today is Tuesday
I was thinking wouldn't be crazy if we
were snakes oh my took Willy in your
puss nake smell with their tongues
really you imagine that's how we had to
smell ah no you're the thing that is
true right
I don't know snakes do use their tongues
to smell snakes have nostrils just like
humans but a snake's tongue is also very
important when a snake flicks its tongue
into the air it picks up tiny chemical
particles snake smell with our tongue
what is wrong with your keyboard what
it's blinking it is not yes it is look
they stoned look yeah it's just gotta be
something with the damn oh my lord you
guys it is not flickering like this in
human life oh okay
snake I'm the snake I'm the only snake
oh yeah I'm a total freak talking about
being snakes and smelling with my tongue
I got nothing else going this is what
I'm not we're not doing that no more the
snake bits over with intro time
yesterday was Monday today I'll be rude
to me how bad I'm going into another
fire zone with this is you're starting
it as usual I'm just
we good Michael yeah my face would all
that today is Tuesday did have nothing
planned terrible Tuesday with you every
day is terrible with you we are a target
right now and I think we're just i think
her sole purpose is to shop for a new
mom I need a mop
I must really knock some sense into you
yesterday oh my god
she getting a mop long dick he's all of
you pieces of crap well this one
actually just like a toothbrush for our
floor could you imagine if toothbrushes
were this big
oh my god upstairs I met it imagine I or
this how a white guy oh my god
sticking off yeah yes I like this red
wonderful I need to know it's between oh
gods is it so hard you want use it out
there
wait are you serious right now you know
what you know what I'm going home back
okay here's a question does anybody buy
regular strength tylenol why would we
get the extra strength I know he's a
little extra protection yeah
actual Franklin okay I got a headache
but doesn't that that bad wait that's so
true he's all not perfect
that was so nice of you well the games
yes I was so nice
so we were checking out in target and
the cashier the fee that we had a female
cashier she saw I was getting these
games I don't know if I'm gonna play
that but people would tell me to get the
new Fallout so I got them and she was
like oh I wish I could afford these so I
bought them for her I just told her to
make sure she manager knows and she
doesn't get in trouble and apparently a
gift receipt or something cuz I don't
want to get fired because I bought our
video games you know she was very hot
glad she was happy I'm really happy we
did it I was so freakin like nice of you
well I'm just decided to play fallout
well I'm the cat I don't wanna say it so
right now I'm gonna be making myself a
quick little spaghetti dinner so right
now I am browning some hamburger meat
with some onions a little bit of salt
and pepper okay now I'm gonna put some
of this sauce it's a jar sauce I have
made my own video before but this just
as quick when this supposed to be easy
we pour that in got some penne noodles
boiling okay now I add the pasta
straight to the sauce I don't usually do
that but I'm gonna do it this time you
give it a good stir the pasta is not
fully cooked it's almost cooked but
right now I'm going to turn off the heat
and the sauce is gonna absorb into the
noodles boom that's it okay so spoon a
little bit in here a little bit of
Parmesan cheese and toast and toast
probably look better but it is what it
is there it is oh it's so got yourself a
little bit of penne with pasta guys have
a little bit of oh joy yes although I
was like said we got a little 701 Oh
oh my is it really hot yeah let's go
it's Fargo
yes so this is another day I didn't talk
to Grandpa I just haven't had it in me I
don't really want to but I'm gonna have
to when I show them you guys montages
remember keep submitting using the
hashtag AGP montage
and brace yourselves because it's coming
he's gonna he's not gonna like seeing it
brace yourselves folks still like it's
time to play some video games
which one should I play first you guys
call a duty or fallout 4 let me know in
the comments which game do you think i
should play first clive which game you
think i should play first that one you
can take that one in Terry part if you
want how about this one bevel oh you got
my game back can I have it back Clyde ha
ha kill you can't really have it Oh
buddy
he can't really have a bite you can't
have my video game this is mine this
isn't a toy
oh okay hey guys
No oh boy no these are mine these belong
to me okay oh well that's gonna be it
for today you guys thanks for watching
make some good pasta it was really good
it was like five minutes what the heck
five minutes is a little exaggerated
more like seven I sped right through it
it was a quick pasta and it was really
good it was very good it was really good
I'm gonna save it Oh mistake okay you
were really gonna think I stink but I'm
using my tongue I don't think they think
I can smell my tongue oh my god pickled
which smells with this tongue however
get close whoa all kind of cream on the
face yeah I taste chemical yeah I made a
mistake I made a huge I made a huge
mistake yes what cream whipped cream
we're by interrupts by ouch I'm gonna
get a whip clean now there's no what
print baby cries oh no it's a wrinkle
cream
Oh cuz I got I got some mad wrinkles
going on
Bridget ever all the time think she's
like getting away looking way in and all
the comments are gonna go crazy in a
bridge look old
Bridget welcome we'll be the old woman
named for Bridget I don't think an old
one will be called Bridget anyway I'm
gonna get out of here thanks for
watching
had a good time watched Fargo if you
ain't seen Fargo check it out oh my god
I love it I think pretty soon we're
gonna put up our Christmas tree oh wow
it's coming folks
it's coming I already got some
decorations in the kitchen we always go
early you guys know us we like to start
celebrating Christmas early because it's
beginning to look a lot like Christmas
Christmas tree we had up until February
until grandpa Lee tore down that what
happened was that another tree he's tore
down like all of them I don't know I
mean it was just one tree we had we like
got the apartment and then put up a tree
and let stuff until February beginning
to look a lot like Chris I want to sing
my song well I don't know Hughes I was
gonna improvise a fake song it's
beginning to look a lot like Christmas
Bridge it smells like shit the vlog is
gonna end I push you away like this and
I call her the lens
