yes
oh please invest I'm scared guys we just
heard a noise scared what's going on you
guys
Kip you have a camera here right there
is Tuesday today is Tuesday right off
the bat if you did not see the video
that we uploaded yesterday go check it
out prepare to be sad guys I opted
emoted an unseen angry grandpa video for
everybody yesterday it was sort of a
different vlog it was a trip down memory
lane where grandpa took Jake up and they
drove around his old neighborhood and
the reason I did it was because Jacob
wanted it Jacob told me he wanted to see
this video and I searched for it and I
couldn't find it and I thought I was
gonna let him down and I found it and so
as a gift to him I'm uploading the video
today I'm actually about to film it
right now but you saw it yesterday so if
you haven't seen it check out the link
below it's sad it's very very sad but I
know he'll really appreciate it all
these videos of grandpa end up to me
being sad but at the same time I'm so
happy that I watched them that's like
the feeling I get you know like I get
that feeling too except I cry every time
of course we miss them you know and dad
I love you and I'm always gonna miss you
at the same time I don't want to hold
one of these videos forever I want
everyone to see them so that's what
we're working on guys smack the like
button if you want us to do that more
often
let's go record this video let's get
this Tuesday started grandpa style if
anybody was wondering the vlog that I
recorded yesterday was uploaded on this
look at this I got my Breaking Bad
barrel my home alone paint bucket and I
sat the camera right here you okay no
are you sad sad sad Jacob wanted to see
that video and he found it for him and
it was really nice I know what I'm gonna
I don't know if he's seen it yet but
and I'm just thinking about childhood
yeah I miss Trotwood guys I don't know
if you saw yesterday's vlog but if you
didn't I uploaded an unseen vlog that
grandpa recorded with Jacob because
Jacob wanted to see it and I didn't even
know it existed and I found it for him
and I uploaded it and in that video I
asked you to smack like if you wanted
some unseen pictures of trailwood guys
smacked alike what if you want to see it
and I will do it this week man the
pictures are crazy you guys it was
seeing it like it was so dingy
it was so dirty it was so disgusting and
I miss it so much like it was home yeah
trailwood was home it was awesome I
loved it well come here
alright we all miss him you know they
say that it doesn't get easier but as
time goes on those memories that are
currently making me want to cry will
actually make me happy so I'm hoping to
get to that point cuz right now it's
just hard every day I wanted to take a
second to just talk about something on
my mind I was sort of thinking about
going to visit my grandfather's grave Oh
sort of thinking about going to see his
grave because number one I haven't
really been before I've been but I
haven't really been before you know like
part of me felt like I didn't have the
right to go visit him because I didn't
know him in life and it's not as a it's
not a matter of disrespect to him you
know I you know from what I know about
him I loved them he was a great man I
just did I never knew him and I felt
like going to somebody's grave is
reserved for people who knew that person
and that's probably a narrow point of
view and at this point in my life I do
want to go visit his grave so I was sort
of thinking about going and I was sort
of thinking about taking dad just you
know dad loved his father and I wish I
had a chance to meet him I wish I knew
him
so that's sort of going through my head
right now I'm sort of think about doing
that
Jennifer's on her way right now I'm
gonna show her the video from yesterday
hopefully she takes it okay
because I know that kind of stuff makes
her sad guys let's keep living I'm
already upset that losses text messages
what do you mean
hide you loser Albert you can't like
retrieve them just found work at all so
you can retrieve them
no I even lost less the church to prison
because Kim did the same thing and that
was away I can I remember he said he
held my hand he's gonna take a picture
and I said I don't I don't want to you
know take a picture get when I get
leaped off he's like take a picture
because it's the last one I know that
happened if you haven't seen the video
we uploaded yesterday go check it out it
hit me in the heart
clearly hit Jennifer in the heart I
wasn't trying to make you cry damn fine
the video Mike you're welcome buddy
I looked real hard for you you know it
was on one of those hard drives
well I hope you can find that picture
I'm gonna have to talk to Verizon it
seems they could somehow find it yeah
that's yeah you definitely want that how
you boys doing what does that supposed
to be why are y'all doing that just stop
what what is that noise what you doing
it now how's it look today it's full up
ever okay good
listen guys this is what my tone hell is
like I think it was better yeah it does
I think comic dinosaur foot yeah am i
doing that right yeah yeah look my
toothbrush what you're using my
toothbrush is this yours yes well I have
to scrub the crust and blood after money
oh my okay
uh-uh uh-uh tricep now how was you I'm
right here
what was that what are you doing what
would you do it was started back at you
that was you how I don't know who to pay
yes oh we have to invest I'm scared
guys we just heard a noise scared why
are we doing this security is out there
so they're not ghostbusters yeah I don't
like being in the dark room we are
scared you turn the light row oh my God
he's bleeding oh my god oh dude back up
back surgery Becca
I'm sorry there's a ghost it's listening
now I need you to back up oh my god it's
bad
wrong with you man sorry Bridget I'm
sorry please stop calling I'm sorry stop
crying it's not that bad
you just severely hurt it and maybe I
need a hospital that's all you think no
I don't think
you should put a bacterial soap on it
empty bacterial yeah bacterial so I
really need this thing infected right
bacteria all over I think I'm just gonna
cover the lens get in the shower and use
is that that's me covering the lens with
the water okay I was a fail yeah you
guys hear anything okay so they're
inside so you know what we're scaring
each other forget it I gotta talk we're
gonna be getting out of here in just a
second you guys but before we do I
wanted to make a really quick scene
saying congratulations to my friend Paul
Heyman a lot of you guys may know Paul
from WWE he has Brock Lesnar's advocate
boost I know I'm as one of my best
friends and I'm saying congratulations
because the good it just got announced
today now Paul Heyman is gonna be
getting his own like talk show style
whatever in the future and I couldn't be
happier because he's one of the most
brilliant people that I've ever met that
I've ever known and a lot of you don't
know that
I worked for Paul Heyman for years
you've all met me through Daniel peeler
doing graphics my role grew with Paul by
going from just a weekly flyer designer
in Ohio
wrestling to actually becoming the guy
that he would turn to for anything that
he needed then crack I think the most
self-serving statement I can say about
Michael is that I've always believed in
him more than he's believed in himself
when Michael went out on his own to
create the angry grandpas show and then
took the success of the angry grandpa
show and launched kid behind a camera
Michael became a viral sensation he's
making millions on YouTube but he still
considers what he does with us his daily
gig Paul Heyman is the reason I was able
to do the angry grandpa show Paul Heyman
showed me friendship when I didn't have
any friendship and for that Paul I love
you I'm tremendously happy for you like
nobody deserves it more than you and you
guys I don't know if I've ever told this
story before but I wanted to tell it
anyway back in trailwood grandpa did a
video where he took a pair of pliers and
he took out the bathtub with it it was
just my god Bert firecracker tub and the
Department of Social Services saw the
video and they came to the house and
they were like oh those kids are in
danger what are you gonna do you have to
fix the bathroom or we're taking the
kids and we didn't have the money and I
wrote Paul and I told him what was going
on and within five minutes he sent me
three thousand dollars through Western
Union and he said fix the bathroom and
that's something I never forgot I never
forgot how I needed a job and he gave me
one I never forgot that I needed to be
able to make money so I could do videos
with my father and he gave me a raise
and he wanted me to keep doing it and
following my dreams and Paul I
to you so I want to tell you I love you
here my friend when dad was passing you
called me every day
and you asked how he was doing and the
moment he passed I called you you told
me you will take the first flight to
Charleston and I'll never forget it so
congratulations I love you man
I'm so happy for you it couldn't have
happened to a more brilliant mind I'm so
excited for you congratulations let's do
this outro Paul congratulations I love
you well that's gonna be it for today
you guys thanks for watching kind of a
sad day but a good day Jennifer I'm
sorry that the video made you sad Paul
congratulations on the reality show
slash talk show it's amazing dude so
awesome guys pretty good horrible day
pretty good horrible day my toe is an
excruciating pain thanks to Bridget
thanks to me you you stepped on it did
we forget that happened this sorry you
stepped on my toe it's throbbing it's
been bleeding it is what it is I'll be
fine guys thanks for watching I hope you
had a great day we had a great day too
like subscribe favorite : everything for
to us
please don't Frank back to Joe
was a joke
