what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here bridge OS yeah that's good
I point to when he moves the thing
friend I don't want to be here as much
as you don't want me here yeah it's all
about you okay this is my phone today
can I have my moment too today we are
celebrating 1 million subscribers one
kid behind the camera well and in a way
to celebrate as I'm going to be
impressed no I just want I want I have
you here for a specific reason than
having to get the hell out of your house
okay mama I swear you know nice already
cannot be out of this house I swear to
god yes I've been idle or I'm giving
angry and I'm trying to calm myself down
right now I would flip this thing with
what's gone down I'm not do that I'm
here for 1 million subscribers and as a
way to say thank you
we're gonna call you guys you ready for
that well to call the onions
bye oh yes your young guns why why do
you never fix this yet oh yes is this a
B what are you doing oh my god yeah hey
nobody get down boy we're here with Brad
Hawpe by the way hi Abby
hey Abby anybody say Thank You Bridget
so I just want we were doing some cause
I wanted to call you guys and just you
know thank you for all the support and
grandpas to thank you even though he's
bitter you denying your good opinion you
won't get a million Yeah right well I
did never weary you are so simple dads
where that's where I got it that's why
I'm so cynical what are you doing here
I'm a pretty sight stick you in leg with
guys right
yeah is that right I don't threaten you
know that I do it I don't want to
mispronounce your name is an Adriana or
Adriana
well you got me grandpa here say hello
dad would you loves me too she does not
love you
did you hear that can I talk no you have
serious mental problems calm down calm
down please I tried that Yuto of that my
foot is right there
definitely please sit down please
please he's doing this shit on purpose
dude I just wanna make some calls
well he's right now he is showing off
two little mini axes that he has broke
your floor mama for the Battle of Gordon
hey you know something for everything
hi is this Jordan keep your camera here
yeah hi and you could say angry grandpa
here AGP here well we got your number
and I wanted to call you and first of
all say thank you for subscribing thanks
for the support thank you very much
how about grandpa how you baby I got 1
min yet you do own the example say you
do ok that we were calling Robert Green
dang where one day there are other
people that in green is there I imagine
I was around her yeah you were address
really uh yeah this Robert yeah Robert
where are you from why every gender you
gave me my son
what up cuz I do cuz I'm good man I'm
good models and you repeat phone in his
in you know a renaissance obvious fun
eat a turkey leg oh my god I love turkey
legs dad likes to eat turkey legs and
carve the bone into a knife yeah
I'm not yet I'm going through those a
later in the week I can't speak about
his dad's here what's going on don't
worry about it so we took a break real
quick some grand punk eat a piece of
cornbread good dude is it dry yep that
why there's so much butter on it yeah
it's almost like cream Phil I bought it
you get mad I don't film you eat I love
butter
oh yeah this Nathan you made a bit of
hot dog there dude you're cutting up
dear oh here it comes oh what is that
sound
they are skimming of body while talking
to me on the phone my heaven who do you
I love do me okay looking at I'm reading
by going home
I have a partner so cool oh yeah is this
Matt yeah well you got pick a point rap
on here calling you not get someone from
YouTube is calling them what about Danny
this guy's twitter name says he's the
Illuminati uh yeah we're trying to get
in touch with the Illuminati okay we've
been writing you letters for years we've
got no response and I'd get at male
blood hair samples where can I sign the
contract instead I'll let you into the
Illuminati dad welcome aboard
he wants me out of this house and I well
that's gonna be it for today you go oh
no he'll go hey what look over this way
go away
ah you need you need to thank all these
young uns here okay everyone that got
you a million subscribers I'm not saying
they're the ones who got us a grandpa
there was a girl in pictures they're the
ones that deserve all the credit I was
gonna think everybody yeah you get
Ayutthaya never want to keep you going
in of course I'm thinking of other cool
young uns I've done fine
why are you gonna start trouble with
everything well you do it you up there
you've got a blog right you want to be
better about something do rather do all
those Toby stuff that yogi was sent
who's they gave me about that say young
ensign yeah I loved that very well yes
but why I know you do
so do their pictures of that I was going
to good it just gets hard to be around
sometimes I just go home okay bills we
got out so this is an excuse to eat me
subscribers let me get my bowl can you
believe it's quite you moving too fast
you becoming blurry you're like a white
bullet when a subscriber sky
that's right kite chameleon they got to
a million buddy they love us they love
you anyway hate me hate me eludes maxint
bike I did not want to show that I'm
wrong
click like if you want Bridget to
secretly record me on that thing because
I sing as you can see oh yes I get the
headphone jack
PGM last night absolutely so you can
hear me last night yeah was i singing mm
oh my god yeah I was like all right the
fun and games were over filled this food
with food worn out already
I know but took everything happy to
bring that pole oh no she's got a little
bit less dinner it's Bella she's in the
light now hey don't you want oh my god
what a sweet little fellas making take
it just think if I can't eat I'm gonna
chew on the thing that feeds me as you
saw we came home a lot of the vlog was
doing the phone calls and that was gonna
be the entire video but unfortunately I
wasn't able to get my outro at Grandpa's
house because like that's just I just
yeah it's really hard to be the the
bitterness is that an all-time high and
I had to get out of the house but I
wanted to take a couple of minutes at
the end of the video to let you guys
know how much we all care about you me
Bridget
grandpa trying to get you in there
you're like just sitting you is that
cold it's not called it is cold she's a
cold bitch I want any excuse to say that
I've been waiting to say it all day just
because it's finally cold by the way
what's up with his whether it's the
first like cold day all year I know
man ACLU's last January I couldn't call
everybody but I did want to call as many
of you as I could and I'm gonna continue
to call you guys off-camera just as a
personal way to say thank you for
helping us get to 1 million subscribers
I never thought that my channel would
ever get a million subscribers I never
thought my channel was gonna get I
didn't think any of us will give it a
mean it's always hard to even imagine
this to begin with
that we do stuff that people want to see
and that humbles you know all of us to a
serious degree a couple of years ago we
were trailer trash and we're still
trailer trash it's like I feel like I'm
more trash her than ever like I feel
like two years ago I wasn't as trashy
no no that's because see I'm the same as
I was two years ago but you become more
I became like a female Michael I you
really blended yourself into our family
and you become one of us exactly true
loves we don't be the trash for the
other person and I just wanted to take
the moment to say thank you guys and
it's it's kind of emotional you try not
to be I don't always want to be hmm
I always want to be emotional when stuff
like this happens but it's kind of hard
like you guys are so amazing you got us
to a million a million fucking
subscribers that's a lot of people thank
you
people stopped us in stores now in
streets and it's something that I never
thought that could happen in our lives
and we got there because of you guys so
a million to you guys thank you so much
um seriously I'm gonna get out of here
thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe favorite and stay and keep
watching I love you guys so much that's
it
