what's going on you guys kid behind a
camera here we just yeah right there
right over here and today stop
don't turn off the YouTube video I was
fucking with you this is not a bad
Japanese movie your YouTube Tsar fine I
can take it a card you've been trying to
get me to work back to a vlog please
please please okay so I don't have
anybody's ever seen the show to catch a
contractor but it seems like every
episode Adam Carolla wants to take
somebody to court and so I thought
wouldn't it be funny if he does this in
his everyday life you know like okay
here's the deal McDonald's our large
number one but I don't want any lettuce
on the Big Mac so here's the deal if you
give me lettuce on the Big Mac I'm gonna
take in a car you see the way she's like
she was like almost offended when I open
the door just now I was trying I'm
trying to do it Adam Carolla skip bail
you ready okay here's the deal Bella
you're gonna stop eating the other dog's
food I'm gonna take you to card you want
to get a cart Bella so anyway that's
something that I like to do around the
house all right Bella stop you gonna
cord it's just one example of me having
a weird sense of humor I love it it's so
okay you're gonna stop interrupting you
wanna talk I'm gonna take you to koi so
if you can't tell by the title of the
vlog I need your help but I'm not gonna
tell you right now it's a shameless
later
it's a shameless way to make you watch
the entire vlog or you can just skip
right to it somebody in the comment
section post the timestamp in which they
can skip right to that I need your help
part if they don't want to watch us live
life skip right to it because if you
skip right to it I'm gonna take you to
car so if you haven't seen the video we
did yesterday well we didn't do it
yesterday I put it up yesterday
it was the other day where grandpa he
went apeshit the link is below
check it out grandpa went absolutely
insane
so anyway we're gonna go ahead and get
this day started if you notice I didn't
specify which day because I didn't know
which day it is let's give this Saturday
started I think it I think it's Saturday
it's Saturday
let's get this Saturday sorry we're
gonna make some tacos well what you see
me make many times is just an excuse for
me to film me making tacos I know why
you did that you're trying to get me to
do Adam Carolla take you to court during
the work anyway forget all that let's
get this day started I'm gonna take you
to court okay I've done it way too many
times I'm never doing a vlog again
come on Michael you know they are yes
you really want what you really want
moist cupcake so you're making a scene
in Walmart in a big machine I'm just
saying you kind of forced me out of
there I mean
let's get the cupcakes I just want to
get the talk of stuff and go home that's
all I want to do sorry I'm not allowed
to look at cupcakes yeah you are just
not for 30 minutes it was your
exaggeration is unreal
no it was it's unreal I want to go back
just just go to the car
what go to the car
go to the cart I'll see you later
okay sergeant oq what is it what is that
for tacos no oh my god just go to the
car please
I can do this me you're not telling me
to go to the car no more Bridget I think
talk about has this kind of cheese it
was more thicker like this yes I'm gonna
google it
oh you it's okay to Google now yes I was
in the car googling toss let's go to the
car she's googling Taco Bell cheese
right now that's okay to do but when we
were in the parking lot I was looking
for our recipe and that was out of line
30 minutes look at the recipe and I was
right by the way
that is not pizza blend by the way
that's just yellow I was right
so right now bridge is getting the
spices together for our taco recipe she
is following this one here actually
and by the way Bridget at the end of the
vlog I'm taking credit for this no pic
of one cook the talk it was not Bridget
this recipe said to add all the
ingredients into the meat raw and then
brown it so this is hey microwave this
is flour garlic powder paprika onion
flakes onion powder beef bouillon cubes
some other stuff if you pause it we're
Bridget was doing you can see and now I
just mash it and I'll show you guys what
we have when it's done its said to mix
it with my hands
Michael I got it said to do this stop
hey trust me it's burning me Mike stop
it the recipe said to do this Bridget
stop why fine you burn through your
hands
I'm already may burn what's this heart
now so all that we added 1 cup of water
with all that right now you can't see
any of the seasonings I do believe it's
going to come out what you keep mashing
and that's all you do and of course
you're gonna season to taste because I'm
not satisfied I'm gonna try to add more
and stuff but the idea was to try and
copy the Taco Bell recipe so I'll let
you know how we did okay so this is what
I ended up with I actually added a pack
of this with everything else I added
because it was on the cob on the bland
side and it is deliciousness it's kind
of like it is still homemade so just
that just adds a little zing to it
because what I think we did actually
Bridget we use two and a half pounds of
meat and we added seasoning for two
pounds of meat oh and of course to make
a taco even fatter than it is we're
frying those a trick that I actually
learned from an TV Thank You Annie P so
watch this I got to keep doing this
you're not bubbling up on me you bastard
and get it out of there and I drain it
off and I get it out of there okay we
are a tempting Taco Bell style
so first I'm adding the sour cream
onto this freshly fried tortilla shell
because I believe the heat will partly
melt it and it'll be tastes like that's
actually fat-free sour cream by the way
which is what they use okay now we have
our ground beef which does look like it
lettuce or as Dain drops likes to call
it crunchy water huh some fresh
guacamole tomato and some cheese let's
talk about what he uses the yellow
cheese just let me go and there you have
it yeah oh my god as a chief he called
it big fat mouth fucking taco why the
best ever made well that's gonna be a
better day you guys thanks for watching
the tacos were so got it I made them so
I told you guys at the beginning of the
video I would clarify what I meant when
I said that I need your help and I do I
need your help
I have found myself over the past two
years giving angrier and angrier I think
yeah the thing that's why I'm a cynical
asshole I just think I'm getting angrier
and angrier more fed up and more bitter
and I'm fighting more and I'm more
standoffish and it's just it's because
of dad dad is just oh my god you're like
Ewing you blew smoke in my face for that
joke I just get so bad so I need your
help
my plan is to sit grandpa down next week
and show him exactly the kind of damage
that he causes so that's what I want to
do and I need your help to do that
I want you guys to make your best angry
grandpa montage video you have my
permission to monetize it to upload it
just make a montage of some of his
angriest moments tweet it to me using
this hash
the reason I'm saying this hashtag
because I don't know what the hashtag is
yet but it is right there
hashtag monetized hashtag AGP montage
well then unfollow Bridget cuz she just
fits me ow now follow me that so that's
the plan I want you guys to make a
montage so I can show grandpa that
sometimes the ex like kind of a jackass
and don't just download a video and
re-upload it on your account cuz I can
do that I want you guys to put clips
together and make it an awesome video so
he can actually see what he does so
that's my plan to show grandpa your
videos I'm gonna take the top ten
assuming we even get ten submissions
because we make it to we may get none I
may be doing this myself but that could
very well happen but if we at least get
a top ten I'm gonna choose that top ten
and I'm gonna give you guys free angry
grandpa shirts your choice and the
number one winner I'm gonna give you all
three of the new angry grandpa shirts
and I'm gonna feature your video so get
to making your videos make it awesome
because I want to show grandpa that one
all right I thought I had something I
just want to show grandpa that he's an
asshole and maybe he can slow it down
you know I get that he is angry I don't
perceive him stopping but maybe hope
he'll at least slow down maybe he'll
like get pissed off when he needs to be
anyway that's gonna be a fair day you
guys before I get out of here a friend
of mine Isaac he saw what we were doing
for the Thanksgiving where we're
donating Thanksgiving meals to needy
families and he was inspired by that
because over the past couple of years
there's been times where he's really
needed help and people were there to
help him and he wants to be there for
somebody this year so Isaac set up a
GoFundMe account you can find the link
below
I told Isaac that whatever you guys
raised by next week I was gonna
personally match so if you guys raise
500 I'm gonna donate 500 myself if you
guys raise a thousand I'm gonna send
Isaac a check for a thousand dollars
because it's a really good cause I to
some of the families that he's gonna be
donating it to it's you know people need
help for Christmas and I know we can't
help everybody and I know that there's
more families in need but I like to try
to do what we can so check out the link
below and if you can spare a doll or if
you can spare two dollars consider
donating and if you can't that's okay as
well obviously so anyway thanks for
watching you guys that's gonna be at Oh
long day and I didn't talk to that and I
don't plan on them right now
maybe tomorrow like subscribe favorite
lemon everything for Josh and that's it
love you guys
