what's going on you guys get beyond a
camera here for just yeah right there
everything a little early for and today
is Wednesday and today is that's it it's
Wednesday and if you haven't seen the
vlog yesterday because YouTube is at
once again having issue sending videos
to subscription boxes the link is below
what do we do yesterday I remember we
went to Target oh yeah was Christmas
season already it's Christmas time in
hell so today is Wednesday and today I'm
going to talk to you guys at the end of
the vlog about what I plan to do for 1
million subscribers I'm doing this for
you guys
1 million because we are almost there
I'm about 10,000 subscribers away from 1
million I'm at 990 1000 subscribers
completely are inspiring this time last
year I was at like 300 thousand
subscribers and it has just grown so
significantly in a year and it's all
thanks to you guys so I want to try to
get back as much as I can and give back
a little bit when I hit a million
subscribers we're gonna talk about at
the end of the vlog wait we're gonna
talk about that at the end of the vlog
more horrible weather today it's been
raining for four days yeah and it's
humid and hot and I'm sick of it
I thought it was fall on the bright side
we got our air conditioning fixed again
we did it tonight and then I turned it
off because they are really cool yeah
I'm like I'm sitting I'm like aw man
thank God we got cool air by the way
she's a big American Horror Story family
I was watching and a huge fan American
horrible story
I was watching American horrible story
and oh you even call a horrible story
you selling for me I call that you liar
I'm covering the camera cuz I'm pissed
we all know I'm the clever one of the
relationship it's me but I have the best
ideas so my quiet mic all the pranks to
you I'll top it all topic go ahead try
bridge is cooking dinner tonight
partially she's cooking all of the
goodies parsley so yeah Bridge is
entirely cooking oh my god
oh you're cooking you're the one who's
cooking I'm not doing
rock-paper-scissors
come on rock paper scissors or your
cooking entirely we make okay if I win
you have to make fried oatmeal Pie
thingies and fried cheese and if I win
you just served me like a king and I
don't do anything except lounge back and
watch what I want rock paper scissors
wait what KOMO I do three times and then
no paper rock scissors anyway you just
want to get out of it
paper rock scissors paper rock scissors
okay okay you lose paper rock scissors
I'm not in County could you screwed me
over something dog you had a gun and
then you did this I don't know what
you're doing no paper rock scissors what
you stole this out of my hands huh yeah
you're just vlogging all I clean now
Michael you don't clean with the sponges
what I clean with matter does get busted
fee never the right I'm sorry
Yeah right under the fucking pura close
to my face close to my face I try to
take credit for cleaning the kitchen and
it didn't work no I'm gonna take that
cleaner and spray Bridget with it going
to the fair the other day really got us
in the mood to make our own fair food at
home starting with fried cheese and
fried candy bars and we're also doing
chicken tenders which aren't really a
fair food I don't imagine but we want it
cuz it's fried no we don't have time to
freeze it oh let's get started on some
fried cheese already in this bowl is a
cup of flour two eggs a little bit of
salt and 1/4 a cup of milk and to that I
am adding 3/4 of a cup of beer I don't
drink but there it is the beer is gonna
add a really crazy consistency to it
almost like sweetheart chicken out
Chinese
crunch young foamy bastard okay we got
some Wisconsin cheese right here which
may or may not be the way to do it
because we don't have cheese curds here
so we're doing it this way stick style
first you start off we'll put it in a
little bit of cornstarch shake it off
shake it off shake shake it Oh then we
put it into our batter mix and from
there into our fry and this cooks super
fast now have another way I'm gonna do
this one first put in this which is
actually mix between corn starch and
Italian breadcrumbs then into the batter
then back into the Italian breadcrumbs
so let's see if that works okay so this
one right here has the breadcrumbs and
this one is Deen on so let's try this
one first
and breadcrumb 1
so this is the one that I follow a
recipe with it's good yeah that's good
this one had a punch about yeah mmm yeah
that's really good
and you know I'm sure there's other ways
to do it you guys let us know in the
comments how you do it that's good yeah
this is our first time there's a little
poem I've ever even consider making a
crack already cheese things so I don't
know how they're supposed to taste Josh
put them well here's the macaroni the
Bridget made here are the chicken
tenders that I made if you want the
recipe for these chicken tenders the
link is below
I learned it from Kim she actually made
it in a prank on me the link for that is
below and this is a white gravy I eat my
chicken with grapes bomas chicken gravy
mashed potatoes sweet peas this is a
your basic gravy chicken broth milk
butter flour couple chicken bouillon
cubes and we got gravy
okay so right here I got two chicken
tenders sweet peas macaroni mashed
potatoes and a roll and on top all this
I'm adding my gravy mashed potatoes
gravy chicken gravy a lot of people will
dip those chicken tenders and like sauce
and stuff not me hmm
yep hmm well that's gonna be a fir day
you guys cook some chicken cook the
macaroni cooked a lot of stuff cook some
mashed potatoes cook cooked all kinds of
fair foods yeah I made the mac and
cheese Brigitte did a good job with the
mac and cheese it was my first time so
earlier I told you guys that I'm
approaching 1 million subscribers right
now I'm at nine hundred and ninety one
thousand subscribers and it's so amazing
that you guys have brought me to nine
hundred thousand subscribers so I wanted
to give back and you know usually when
people do these YouTube contests these
other youtubers they hold contests stuff
they give away like a PlayStation 4 or
Xbox ones or hoverboards or you know
stuff like that
I don't want to give away something like
that I want to do a contest that helps
the YouTube community I want to help you
guys who watch me have your own YouTube
channels that people can subscribe to so
that's what my contest is gonna be I'll
have the full information about how you
enter the contest once I hit a million
subscribers but I'm gonna tell you the
prizes I like to use three people and
I'm gonna give you a vlogging camera a
selfie stick and I'm gonna subscribe to
you on YouTube so with that hopefully
you start making your own YouTube videos
getting your own subscribers and maybe
one day you can have a million
subscribers yourself because there's no
greater feeling in the world than
sharing content that people enjoy and
you can't get there without a camera so
if you want to enter and you want to win
a vlogging camera and a selfie stick and
subscription from me which I don't know
if the subscription by me is worth
anything to you guys I just do that in
there I'll subscribe you and I'll watch
your content so that's what I'm gonna be
doing for a million subscribers you know
there's a lot of youtubers who won't
help you out leave it they don't want
other youtubers because they're afraid
of their piece of the pie being taken by
somebody else that's not what I'm
worried about I'm not worried about that
I want as many of you guys youtubing as
possible because YouTube flourishes
through you guys making content and you
guys watching content and everybody as a
whole will succeed because of stuff like
and the dogs are freaking oh there's a
ghost so anyway that's what I'm gonna be
doing for a million subscribers I'm
gonna get out of here thanks for
watching I hope you're excited for the
million subscribers I'm getting close
pretty soon we giving away the vlogging
cameras I'm gonna give away the ones
like this that I'm using I hope you like
the quality I like the quality of the
quality and I fell in love this office I
think I've been I've been in search for
a good you know vlogging camera for a
long time I think this is the winner for
me at least for now so I'm gonna giving
away three of these so thanks for
watching you guys stay tuned for million
subscribers follow me on Twitter
everything oh so you follow her on
everything me on just Twitter oh Michael
- not everything a lyrical drought
