what's going on you guys kid behind a
camera here bridge West nah I just hear
right there where are your glasses
inside today is Monday and today is one
shitty day it is a bad day today
it's a crap day look at this one
miserable Monday I got nothing
yesterday we went to the fair and if you
have not seen that video link is below
I'm trying to talk grandpa to go into
the fair with me on Saturday right now
he's a guru nobody's back oh boy dick oh
that's me being dad as a whiny baby we
had to leave the fair earlier because it
started raining terrible weather forced
us out of the fair and it sucked
thanks a lot mother nature couldn't have
fun food was good though
it was so good I'm Celina now before I
go any further I wanted to address the
thumbnail from yesterday's video so this
right here is the thumbnail that I ended
up using wonderful little pickle boys
shoving food in his mouth and I look
originally I can't talk originally I was
telling Bridget to take pictures of me
over by the wall and I would convert one
of them into a thumbnail and I will try
to make a little like it was at the fair
oh my god so here are some of the
pictures that Bridget took of me cute oh
look at that corn dog and oh no whoa
he's deep throat in the corn dog in his
mouth pickle boy deep throats a corn dog
I really wish that was the thumb now it
was odd no funny that was the guy was
this is what I did with that picture I
decided to use the deep dirt in the corn
dog picture and convert it into a
thumbnail and this is what I came up
with
yeah it looks completely ridiculous I
was like you know why this is bullshit
okay and it's not looking about the fair
it looks ridiculous
not using it and I didn't use it anyway
why am i prolonging this even longer
than it needs to be we're going to
target I'm at house a bun
forward let's go to Target hmm no I'm
doing the cry okay it's time for horror
blog and I see Chucky right away first
thing I see when I go in there you're
good though
sure she's like you got a whore block I
want a piece of that Bella this is mine
she wants a piece of that blog so is
with this classify as the Halloween box
yes okay okay what is going on you both
want this okay okay let me ask you can I
have this for nose oh my god I'm not
putting up none out today no you guys no
now we got first thing I got is a DVD
argentinos Dracula The Legend series hi
no way
honey you cannot do this to me
please do not do this to you guys it's
like you've been so good with the blocks
lately and now you're like trying to
cause mischief this little face I'm not
doing nothing
oh my god you cannot know what I'm gonna
do hey I love you too but you can't have
my box this is mine really excited to
have this no no okay so what movie was
that is argentinos Dracula the legend
Rises is Cannes Film Festival Dracula
movie what's going on I'm just checking
them one I think I'm not okay the next
is a new mousepad a Ouija board mousepad
oh my god that's really really cool
actually you could use that from your
new laptop I could rumor magazines
cryptic cryptic collectibles so it's a
special edition remark magazine this
month
it's all about collect collectible toys
and stuff
which I'm gonna check this out so it's
all kinds of horror movie memorabilia
you can buy why are you trying to do
this okay a little poster oh it's
Michael Jackson Thriller oh that's cool
very nice
or maybe it's actually a bunch of horror
movie icons with Michael Jackson he rent
the tag off you see it
he was so fun this thing he ripped the
tag off I have this clatter do you want
all to Jason shirt oh my god
that is so cool whoa that's sick
that that's really neat oh that's a sick
shirt
I really like that man Wow it's like a
skull and crossbones with Jason's mask
hahaha that's a cool shirt right there
boy you much glasses all of a sudden
we're glasses right now what is what
like ever had anything I felt last thing
is Chucky mm-hmm would you anybody knows
me they know I'm a massive Chucky fan
look at that no fuckin way I'm turning
human again they don't like the Chucky
voice mixed with this odd a do a
dumbbell ah give me the power I beg of
you her cool tip or toss they style
oh hey Bridget look next time you on
your period okay
just shove it up there and twist it
around like a big I would use that side
for that yeah how long are we gonna be
here we've been on this island I just
want something that smells good they all
smell good bro
no they don't this one that's the winner
no I think this is the winner okay here
we go hey we've been we've been a target
for twenty minutes and we got two things
in the buggy please so it's been 10
minutes since I just filmed we've been
here for almost a half hour smelling
cleaning supplies and I really honest to
god can't handle this is it we probably
have a winner I'm pretty sure I told you
to choose this no eat who's this one can
you believe Bridget the Halloween was
like two days ago and here we are today
at Christmas trees look at this I bet
they put this tree up on Halloween happy
Halloween do a Christmas tree I can't
believe this we should like Trond us in
dude look at this I don't like it it's
like an iPod or an iPhone
here's one left of those should we take
it like to the office sure I mean I
don't feel safe just leaving in there oh
come on what who needs a wreath this big
just for the White House look at this
thing oh my god this is going to the
festival of white downtown try to try to
go through it it's easy to be a little
broken put it back pinecoffin let's go
oh my god what Christmas cringe already
what Christmas Krantz already here we
even finish the baklava we caught you I
know the hell christmas is just around
the corner obviously it's tomorrow
obviously Jesus will eat on a Christmas
court or the Halloween comes you can
write well we just got back from Target
Bella's laying on the floor in sweetie
is it just me or is it hot in here
I think the air conditioning what we
messed up and give me a hand if you
think so
oh she agrees Oh No well that's gonna be
a fitted a you guys thanks for watching
good little day went to Target open to
Horeb log didn't do too much it was a
rainy miserable Monday and he is there
decorating for Christmas
oh my can we get a moment to just relive
that reef you know just how big that
thing was I mean is there any reason to
have a wreath this big I need to get
that for this door Oh what is this you
have the whole door put it on that it's
like we're put on the garage door maybe
that's probably in I'm not really
getting it oh god you weren't thinking
no no no big reason I didn't I didn't
you know so anyway I'm gonna get out of
here thanks for watching you guys been a
good little day I didn't watch any
wrestling yet I'm watching Michael Moore
movies all day and was really clever oh
you live Rosco I'm a Michael Moore van
so hopefully our air conditioning gets
fixed ridiculous it's like can we catch
a break it's like it was a new unit but
now it's like a broke unit can we catch
a break is enough already
we're just having to have air it's not
as ridiculous at this point man I'm hot
and I'm sick of being hot by the way was
that supposed to be you are hot
okay by the way why is this a fucking
hot it's November right why was it
eighty degrees today I mean I remember
last November first it was so cold if I
wasn't evil is today and it's like 70
now I'm getting out of here you guys I'm
hot and I'm miserable and this sucks
like subscribe favorite and that's it
fun and everything but I hope
