people meet me at Pizza Hut in like 30
minutes though and no don't go to the
hospital stinks out here when farting
what's going on you guys kid covered in
fake blood here yeah kid right there and
today is Halloween and today I prank
grandpa literally out of nowhere dad was
one of the go through the candy and look
for razors and all this bullcrap that
you doing Halloween with I don't think
that there's ever been a documented case
where somebody actually did it they may
have as a copycat but when they started
it there was no real documented case so
dad wants to do it as every year was
hooked right ND and so I decided why not
let him find something this year so if
you haven't seen the video the link is
below so I just got off the phone with
Grandpa he was on his way to the
hospital
to get hit the things of candy x-rayed
hey every year we're gonna be a medical
Bell bra no I think they do it cheap
really I think hospitals you know offer
it but things like $30 or something Oh
every year we go to Pizza Hut it's a
family tradition it's a family tradition
don't ask me Mike why do you eat Pete
sorry so I called dad I said get your
ass to Pizza Hut we will you can go to
the you can go to the hospital you can
go to hell whatever you want to do
afterwards let's do our tradition let's
go to PETA hide so dad's turning around
and we're all going to Pizza Hut the
family tradition continues so let's
start this vlog Halloween style ladies
Bridget we got all these extras for
Halloween and nobody cared
Oh people feel like screw your Halloween
we had a little Halloween party nobody
wanted Halloween treats
I guess the cupcakes were okay why is
this thing making so much noise I don't
know
but fuck it's weird I shouldn't make
noise it won't shut up dude how's your
Halloween been dad circuitry so proofing
pretty good okay are you really going to
go get those freaking candy bags x-rayed
there's nothing there's nothing in it
okay how about this
I have a whole bunch of leftover
Halloween candy how about you dump out
there kami and you give them all my
extras how do I know you stuck something
in your candy come on are you serious
with that you might have put something
that can't even board I don't know come
on dude you can't be forgetting them
x-rayed your verdict don't get it makes
me mad when you say you're gonna do that
I'm getting an x-ray I'm getting an
x-ray I'm just filming you man this is
what I do
I've been filmed a vlog really today so
I'm filming you don't feel me I'm the
best is it was it what do you Bret Hart
and better it will be so me and Dad are
the only ones who don't like thick Pete
crust pizza I hate thick crust piece so
me and I guess I'm thin and crispy and
all are those wings for you oh god dad
wanted wings he's like you're afraid to
ask
oh I don't know we're getting late
manually too late well this is what we
do this is our Halloween tradition
you're right you know about your kids we
do this shit you know every Halloween go
trick-or-treating and go dingo eat
that'd be the best part like I wouldn't
give a shit about the candy as one of
the pizza that got me the label Katie oh
just hit the booze out educate you to
clean that table on so we walked into
the vendor who's done that there's like
14 of us yeah there's like 14 of us here
and she was like can y'all sit in the
booths and dad go okay to cook a fucking
table
hey I decided I was like calm down
you're gonna get us thrown out of here
but but but all those do they were dirty
that's not my product you could've clean
them and we can all set one table no we
go said nine different goddamn booze
Jesus
so how's that hey my goal you know hey
Dad you mind tossing passing the bread
Stan no Paula my goal here told me to
choose here you go no shit here dad you
want a piece of pizza huh
oh yeah he's little buddy oh dude yeah
yeah suck they closer than tear it down
the street for my cousin
oh yeah yeah okay so what y'all y'all
good job of going down the trail with oh
sorry man that was some bullshit Bowen
day wasn't it ridiculous god they're
fucking chart a you can't even be on the
property
oh you saw yeah man do your business all
videos are you gonna have girls over
there
you guys know little that you have you
have that are you getting played it's a
measure
I don't read nothing by it yes I'm here
I'm here with you right how would you do
it
J the J Niigata who has a hat here I got
away you Megan I only play so it's a
game huh it's a game again what the hell
are y'all talking about Kenny caramel
okay hey hey hey Doc Cooper good use a
lot of time do it do it I do Hey so Doug
look me funny I never did that yeah look
at me
I'm nothing won't you go to store and
get me me either never seen once me I
never liked that us in the rules what
you could you do faster sweetie get it
go gone got attacking it ran
this one that is 2/6 half-drunk drink I
picked up this afternoon I would never
find another drink in this house again
never I have done that either I had
never done that every day like draping
this little thing over a show that's it
for today you guys when we were all even
Pizza Hut tonight was crazy yeah I got a
surprise for you Bridget oh my god
because my God look is the bank trying
to be spooky so we were all sitting at
Grandpa's house and dad was started when
you start going through the boys candy
we need to look for razor blades smell
for boys yeah and first of all I don't
think you smell for poison if you could
I don't know what poison smells like so
I'm like this is stupid
not doing it you blew it Jesse candy so
tainted Halloween candy so I made dad
think that I bit into a bolt a fuckin I
want to say frickin a freaking bolt it
was great I had a lot of fun still in
pain babe
so anyway hope you guys had a nice safe
happy Halloween we're getting out of
here thanks for watching you guys happy
happy Halloween
hell I thought of that thing on Twitter
though happy Halloween but oh is a
pumpkin that was on me I'm pretty sure
that's probably been around forever
whatever Michael thought of it I think
and it was so glad and created I'm sure
it's been used before I've never seen it
and it's so clever hey Paula everything
for us like subscribe favorite if I
meant everything
and that's it let me guys happy
Halloween happy Halloween I get the last
word pizza happy Halloween - pizza love
Halloween okay you win love you
