what's going on you guys get me on a
camera here rejoice here right there and
today is Wednesday today is Wednesday
and right off the bat you guys if you
haven't seen my Logan Paul video check
it out the link is below it's also gonna
be at the end of this video you guys the
low gang is gonna go crazy smack from
the dislike button I'm guessing 50,000
dislikes minimum most likely a hundred
thousand dislikes
okay minimum don't put that on me I them
guys I don't want that many dislike so I
need you guys to go to that video and
smack the like button because they're
not gonna watch the video they're just
gonna click dislike they're gonna be
like you're just jealous because he's
got a six-pack and you've got like a keg
like they're gonna they're gonna make
fun of me for being fat because I'm not
as cute as Logan Paul and they're right
I'm actually you're way cuter
Malcolm crazy is wet guys he filmed the
dead body and that's not acceptable so I
gave a little message used to way cuter
like sure thing guys look even I'm I got
enough awareness to know that I'm not as
cute as Jay Paul I tell me they don't
think you're perfect and way cuter it is
what it is guys today is Wednesday
number one go check out the Logan Paul
video
I haven't actually filmed yet I met ago
filming right now but if you haven't
seen it the link is below check it out
hopefully is good and hey maybe I won't
even do it and this part weren't even
making it under the law I don't know
either way no no you got to do it either
way today's Wednesday
and we got to clean up the mess from
yesterday because it was New Year's Eve
we made a huge disastrous ugly Maslak
it's got to get picked up it's too cold
for that so I ain't doing it we're doing
it
alright that was my little gopal video
what'd you think I thought it was really
good and I hope you learned from it how
do you will I think so it's like look I
like him how do you tell I don't want to
post a random book up all cuz I'm a fan
of his content I think he's funny I
think he's got a nice like he has an eye
for like
entertainment think he's good and I
think he's very talented and he's guilty
he's a very good-looking guy I think
he's pretty cute yeah I do him I think
Logan was poppin reach out man hey
Michael wouldn't okay geez man
I can't even joke around with you call
me out on it look Logan you need to stop
hanging around with somebody yes man
that's that's the truth so hit me up cuz
I could use a boost in subs guys check
this out this was my whole setup shit I
don't have tripods I don't got no
correct YouTube equipment I had the
painting single - two chairs cause like
guys I had the camera sitting on this
you're so cute anyway I want to get this
out of my career was as soon as possible
oh yeah these animals well screw it up
yeah let's go alright okay we got this
babe I am freakin hungry you super cheap
you're not thinking what I'm thinking
for our New Year's dinner we making a
little bit of pasta you are so dark
right now
last night was really fun yes
she's just like cool was killing
she should know better I would
absolutely beat her to that I would beat
you to death yes wow you're a minute on
camera you had the urge to murder me
got that confession you know 2017 went
bad 2018 I so start with a murder
vehicular manslaughter kidding no but
look there's there's still like a
feather so fire yeah yeah yeah it's
crazy it was 24 hours old
we just had here's trying to show
everybody what it's like look at this
let's do the camera guys oh my gosh you
know I'll start cleaning when it isn't
so frickin freezing out it's your mere
knowledge that what is the temperature
it's like 6:00 in my car it's like
negative 30 probably dude this is the
coldest I feel like it's been in
Summerville yeah it's so freakin how
about we go inside do it tomorrow yes
let's go inside this is I'm defrosting
me too oh my gosh it is so cold it's too
freakin cold like I'm not used to this
I'm not dude I went to the grocery store
with shorts and a short-sleeved shirt
last winter was like humid you're
actually giving a winter this year all
things aside though last night was a lot
of fun it was like meeting JC's
girlfriend's parents that was fun yeah
there's centuries of all those fireworks
that was fun eating subs that was a lot
of fun oh yeah we should invite them for
a July 4th
even if she breaks up with Jason yeah
even if some rich
we'll just nod by JC you guys are
invited to fourth of July JC's Norman's
parents so funny yes
no have the baby then what who Oh a baby
Oh JC I was like what no I'd be insane I
know how I was a date
no well 2018 begins and I woke up
feeling great thing about life you know
what I mean you know life just keeps
going time just keeps tickin dad's gone
but we can't you know stop living our
lives how you doing Cole right that's so
called
I think I traveled way too much last
night like time travel I will open a
fire ring time trials yeah I went 3018
last night did you not remember I
remember that a so we recall the mental
hospital okay yeah mental hospital yeah
my girlfriend thinks she's a time
traveler
give me your sister I'm it I've got one
female this is my life all the time it's
you okay
I confuse everybody else it's my sister
I meant oh wait are they trying to say
you should go to a mental hospital I
think I've heard that okay it is
officially time for some New Year's Day
grub and I was talking to Cindy and I
asked her Cindy what kind of stuff to
people leave on New Year's Day and she
told me the typical stuff hoppin John's
and
collard greens and ham and then she told
me what she was having I was like what
do you have it
Cindy and she said I'm taking some
kielbasa sausage and I'm mixing it with
sauerkraut and I said you know Sydney
I've got kielbasa sausage why don't I
take my kielbasa sausage and make Asian
pasta with chicken cuz I'm not making
nope
yeah I don't do sauerkraut guys we're
making Cajun alfredo pasta started off
as usual if you've never seen the recipe
you're gonna take your sausage and
chicken I'm just gonna cook it up real
slow you wait I forgot that olive oil
whoa oh oh that was huh excuse me messed
up I wonder where the chicken was
thinking I'll be right back guys we're
slow cooking the chicken and the sausage
together and then we got more steps have
you never seen it this is it I'm
smelling good Bridget oh it is Dave your
chickens almost done you want to squeeze
in some fresh garlic now look I say
fresh garlic I assume it's fresh yeah
it's fresh enough look it's garlic okay
because garlic burns really quick so any
occurrence
everyone's everything ash great she's
done a couple of times yeah and it
sucked so here we are chicken and
sausage and garlic and in just a few
minutes
heavy cream next up is a little bit of
Cajun seasonings you guys not too much
you don't want it like overly spicy you
want enough coat the chicken and the
sausage and make sure you don't hold the
camera so close to the pan that it
starts to do that all right so you want
the chicken as grandpa called it coated
in this stuff okay
I'm getting anything cuz I can't film it
you're so busy with lights doing it
again alright you guys we also decided
to make a cheeseburger and you holding
this hill
uh-huh we can't afford any text to slip
in okay guys I made the most delicious
caramelized onion cheeseburger you'll
ever see if you want to see the recipe
what's going on you getting it right
okay guys I made a caramelized onion
cheeseburger for New Year's Eve and
everyone loved it it was guys it was
that number one hit let's taste test
Wow Wow I was really good you guys that
was so good
I'm right give it away I don't know I
feel like they guessed you guys are too
good I can't hide anything from you guys
I do want to make this damn thing okay I
want to make it the recipes in the book
right could you imagine if it wasn't it
was what's going on this is a leak oh
it's all burger
oh wait that's it right that's it oh my
god okay all right let's take a little
guys
there's the recipe folks caramelized
onion patty mouse that's a hot Kona
mayonnaise oh we can just take
mayonnaise out two cups a heavy cream oh
my god not three cups not four cups no
screw how do you do that
two cups guys my favorite thing will
rush it it's the color they like the
cream takes when it mixes with like the
spices and stuff yeah oh that looks good
oh man I got to taste this this juice
right now Michael you just wasted song
what just getting it turned out for some
reason hey no matter how that happened
we're good alright all this is starting
to come to a boil so noodles
what does it look good we're almost done
almost at the finish line here folks
you're gonna stir all this chicken
noodle sauce your lips so deliciousness
together now
one cup Parmesan because you know it's
Parmesan cheese and everything tastes
better with Parmesan cheese I just want
to say that I was chewing mmm
parsley sinking in poop so it's like
parsley and what's gonna mix this
together okay Oh stuffs getting
everywhere there you go Michael's
getting a little haphazard I met in a
law I decided to no worries just getting
a little too careless I got a ring in it
raynard and here it is
alright folks we're gonna stir this up
we're gonna cover it we'll be right back
so Michael put a strainer as though the
plastic strainer on I told you I can get
it
see we're freakin screwed it's gonna
come up huzzah
is it all gone I feel like so don't
think it is let me do this
come on you have no faith in me you
don't put your arm into it here just
white okay
all right cross the line yeah ready
mm-hmm
look at it oh my god marvelous it is
crap are you guys oh look at that
hmm this you guys is a good process it
is it started in my afraid oh it is like
I love it so much machine an inch of
chicken alfredo sausage mixture it's
looking pretty good
and now we're gonna top it off with some
fresh asiago cheese yep hurry that in
the backyard
happy what'd you say I grew that in the
backyard you can't grow cheese how's it
made
it's like molds and like funguses and
stuff right I grew it in the backyard
you think you look like sighs I just
take it it seems over all right why are
so mad I don't know you're mean I'm
sorry but she didn't grow cheese okay it
was just a mistake it was a joke and I
don't like it
hopefully it lives up cuz okay we've
made it since our anniversary that
wasn't as good so amazing it's magical
yes just as good as the anniversary one
okay oh we've done it Happy New Year
everybody
