well every year about this time of year
we always do the annual ghost box video
the Paranormal Activity video and my
goal this year was to use it to scare
angry grandpa ok close at you I'm gonna
assume that Clyde knock this thing down
it was either cloud or Felix okay I
don't know what that was
might have been Clyde so every year we
like to do our annual Ghost box video
and if you don't know what the ghost box
is some people believe that if you have
one of these which is basically just a
broken radio from Radio Shack the
spirits can attach itself to the radio
frequencies and answer your questions I
don't believe in it I completely believe
in it you do something never done before
how many fingers am i holding up I'm
done with it turn it off I'm done with
it Michael I don't touch it please turn
this it's not real turn it off stupid
turn it off he's a budget
get up here with me like I heard that
yeah so I get up here I'm gonna go
upstairs I sleep up there as well the
action is what I swear to God I thought
that through my hair what I swear oh
yeah party God purge it it felt like
somebody grabbed my hair at night it is
the Hales to go to the back of your head
are touching are you going stop
someone's will call the police are you
dead or alive
are you dead do you have a message
you know what yes Bridget Weiss no
that's why I heard that are you dead or
alive what day is it smaller cry why in
the door a wing is it that scary I'm
sorry well I just opened it the war
believe was I opened it scared there's
nobody here except that behind you duh
okay if there's anybody in here please
leave
well that's our ghost box video for the
year whether we caught something I don't
know
we dead I heard so much I heard nothing
so fuck it
okay okay fucking cameras fucked up
