what's going on you guys kid behind a
camera here for just here she's right
there I'm right here I immediately
regretted the second eye something you
ruined it further today is Thursday
throwback Thursday and today is
throwback Thursday today I'm gonna be
telling the story of my most unhappy
Halloween the unhappiest Halloween it is
one of my more embarrassing stories that
happened as me as it happened as me that
happened to me when I was a child wait
till you hear this so embarrassing it's
one of the most embarrassing stories
that I have it happened on Halloween a
few years ago not a few years ago many
years ago and unfortunately I relive it
tonight if you haven't seen the video
yet the link is below where I made
grandpa play pinata with a ceiling fan
the ceiling fan pinata prank and I love
that title and it was a good time and
dad still pissed at me
those epic so this afternoon grandpa
came by with his camera filming and he
brought over some food that he cooked
and it turns out he made a video for his
channel the Mexican food experiment he
wanted to know if you guys want to see
it because he wants to know if you like
his cooking videos click like if you
want to see the Mexican food experiment
and I'll upload it on his channel
tomorrow it was good food it was good
the experiment was ok anyway I'm gonna
get my Thursday started
I got a wrestle crate that's it I've
only got wrestle Craig I'm gonna open
the rest of crate in this with the end
of the vlog no there's a story wrestle
crate throwback story let's get this
Thursday started I don't know if you can
tell but we got pressure washed it looks
good I just don't know if you can tell
on the vlog how good it looks
holy crap look you were a filthy that
was the house is freaking clean again I
know and that was the worst part
like there's green everywhere and we're
moving the table
how's that looks good
we go get the chairs no please say it
nicely please no well it's that time of
the month again Russell Craig
hey Russell Kray hey she's talking to my
intro here we go why don't do any more
okay here okay first thing is this
little towel oh it's a towel it's the
young bucks towel superkicked the face
oh my god hey bud I'm a hot man right
now
Oh battlepacks figure in here of the new
day how's that that's pretty attractive
new day and they come with a stop sign
oh I know you're so excited to open that
I want the figures can go fuck
themselves but I want the fucking stop
sign that's pretty cool yeah another
Ring of Honor DVD gateway to honor from
Collinsville Illinois 11 6 11 who's in
the show Jay Briscoe vs. TJ Perkins Jay
Lethal vs. Mark Briscoe this is a good
show dude I love getting these rusty the
bet one of the best things in is getting
the wrestling dvds autograph from lucha
underground I'll look at that in a
second
okay we have regulations you have
received an exclusive limited-edition
authentic piece of match used
memorabilia from Rhino there's pieces of
from his shirt that he wore so it's got
a piece of Rhino shirt with his little
art oh that's so cool number 13 out of
250 cool this is cool
lucha underground this is an autograph
Chavo Guerrero picture that's cool
that's pretty cool I am I really do like
Chavo Guerrero the that's pretty cool
that is cool they always have autographs
and stuff how did he get this stuff so
you need like a little binder for all of
it that's cool dude
oh yeah I'll go Guerrero autograph it is
a house of hardcore poster I do not like
Tommy Dreamer I don't like anything
associated with Tommy Dreamer so the
poster is cool I just don't like Tommy
drink I mean like it is a pro wrestling
t-shirt oh that's cool I'm a pro
wrestling tees do a magic trick get it
I'm a pro wrestling tease I get it do a
magic trick yes here we go you guys
ready for this you're so magical all
right
sitting right here all right anyway that
was crazy see you right now
oh my dude magic I've even noticed okay
so we got the House of hardcore poster
the Chavo Guerrero jr. autograph the new
day battle pack with stop sign the Rhino
art with his piece of shirt
and the Ring of Honor DVD and the shirt
oh gone and the young bucks towel that's
your little sweat rag what what are you
doing
I'm trick-or-treating oh oh right now
just need to find something to eat
you're on a TV show
trick-or-treat you know do whenever
throw give me some fun Depp
he wasn't fun dip I want the blue one
yeah what's the bad yes we're about to
rob this house I want a Butterfinger
about some Halloween people you have
anything robofusion no not really
okay I'm gonna Snickers though I'm
filming this well that's almost a for
today you guys but first I wanted to
tell my throwback Thursday story if he
can't tell I'm telling it on the couch
huh if you weren't around town on the
couch Bridget won't allow me to step
foot on the back porch because it was
pressure-washed
and even though we were just out there
and we moved the table she thinks my
feet are too dirty funny he is anyway I
wanted to tell my throwback Thursday
story which happens to be one of my
horribly embarrassing Halloween memories
my unhappiest halloween and this
happened several years ago I was this
was 1998 now back in 98 there was this
girl in my school that I liked I'm not
gonna say her name because I don't want
people to write her yes
I don't we were start writing this girl
you know but I had a big crush on her
she was in my school and I would always
like try to like like show off around
her and talk about stuff that I didn't
have I would tell people that I had like
I got a Nintendo 64 and I didn't have
one I was a liar I was a fucking liar in
school dude I was a compulsive liar any
of my friends on my facebook account
that are watching this video that knew I
was a liar so I had a crush on this girl
and she thought that I had money which I
did not have she thought I lived in a
nice house which I did not
she thought that I don't remember all
the things that she thought I sent a lot
of stuff so that's what her perception
of me was so Halloween night comes I'm
getting dressed getting ready to go
trick-or-treating myself and knock at
the door and it's her and my first
thought was oh shit she's gonna see
where I live yes Oh No
and dad Mogador due to a fig tree and I
didn't want to go but I had to and my
first thought was she has a really nice
costume she her parents spent money on
her her parents love her they spent
money on her costume now in comparison
my costume was completely atrocious it
was a train wreck I got one of those
special effects Hollywood makeup kids
we're supposed to make your face look
like you've been mutilated or something
instead it was just gunk over my face
and looked like crap so I go to the door
she says her little trick or treat and
then actually the look on her face
Michael this is where you live yeah it's
where I live maybe I shouldn't like to
grow those a bitch like that to begin
with it she's gonna judge where I live
you want to judge me that's fine but
that wasn't the embarrassing thing if
you're thinking that I was embarrassed
because I lived in a shithole that's not
what it was the reason this is the most
embarrassing Halloween is because dad
decided to come to the door with a bowl
of candy I got this bike and as he's
opening the glass door he stops and he
lets out what I would consider one of
the loudest most lethal farts she's let
out in years
it just went
ah
and of course you know dad mm making
those faces as he farts she heard it she
smelled it dad's going to get rid of
candy and she pulls this number right
here and she takes off running to her
car and dad's laughing his ass off ha ha
ha goddamn I bet you stinkin
motherfucker right there and little did
I know that the most embarrassing part
was yet to come
I went to school two days later because
that was on a Saturday Halloween was on
a Saturday I went to school that Monday
and everybody knew I walked in Michael
did you fart now that was your dad it
spread around the school that my dad
farted handing out Halloween candy and
people were asking me if I was the
stinky kid and maybe it was maybe I'm
thinking too far into it maybe it's
because I didn't shower maybe it's cuz I
had on dirty clothes maybe possibly more
than likely but chances are they were
asking me because the girl that
everybody had a crush on in school told
everybody that my dad shit his pants
probably handing out Halloween candy and
that brand it'd be the stinky kid it was
because I didn't shower anyway that's
the throwback Thursday story I'm gonna
get out of here had a couple things I
want to talk about first number one I
have some people asking me uh how did I
know grandpa couldn't see when he did
the pinata video well this is a part of
video that I cut out check this out
so I can't believe you make me wear this
shit oh my goodness
alright tell me about all right I got a
test to see if you can see or not say
right here
back up Richard where's no test your
vision he can't see he can't see alright
here's this don't swing yet for god
sakes uh swing yet so I did test his
vision but I just didn't use it in the
video but I did check to see the last
order of business before I get out of
here do you want to win a free angry
grandpa shirt you right there
follow the angry grandpa store on
Twitter the
Inc is now below you can check it out
the I think it's at the angry store
they're having a contest right now all
you have to do is follow the rules and
we're going to choose three winners
we're gonna give out three shirts link
below follow them check it out
stay tuned anyway that's going to be a
fair day you guys my hand is tired I do
not like sitting here on this couch I
want to go do something like lean
against the couch with pizza no I'm
gonna get out of here thanks for
watching you guys like subscribe
favorite and no Bridget and that's it I
was expecting her to say something she's
right there watching me tell the story
say something you make me look crazy
good you'll be happy that there's no
Bridget Bridget free vlog
