look at that you owe me explain it to
you now now that you're a little bit
calmer you don't gasoline on me or water
excuse me
so you maybe think you chop your fingers
off it's like I'm the butt of every joke
but in the young and sanctuary of
Michael oh yeah baby's not a real
asshole now the young and sanctuary this
is sacred ground to the young and you
know I was on my way here today and I
remembered you want to do the pinata
video and I was like Bridget wouldn't be
good if we give us a bus and light
fixture out of his house and then you be
tokens a abasa
know you did that it's funny it's very
funny it's all bent up you'd look my god
oh shit come on dude
you need to watch it hey one person
deserves you I gave you back your phone
is that not good enough why you shut my
phone anyway I was trying to frickin
print oh shit
how that happened you brought I'm sorry
I've realized dad that ain't expect that
was like YouTube letter they wrote me
this letter was fine it's just a frame
you put my letter
brick Gillikin new frame okay is that
fine you you do need to go what happens
I turn it on
oh my god stop it I want to see what
would happen okay
return off that's what happened
I'll get you a new light fixture how
many don't give me none how much are
they I'll get you one agimo I'll need
you dad
quit being so freaking you don't okay it
is what it is
I apologized that's the end of it it was
over there Noda and let me tell you
something today that boy that's just the
beginning
you're not pranking me no more dude that
was the last prank the last one we're
done pranking each other now in your
mind well then I'm not done yet then
I'll be back for a fucking Halloween's
over out of dad - okay where J he's
trying to threaten us
no I'm dreading you what's that mean I
won't let him
hey Shu become over the idea I didn't
know what that I didn't know what that
you go mother man that just delicious
ally we'd get another one I'd rather you
broke the latter is fine the friend is
in the frame I'm sorry about that
that I'm not sorry about you better be
found a light only on the sorry I'm
really how are you sorry for the cock
fire that these are the spark what you
wouldn't give it a go find you a nicer
sparking I may at any time you go home I
want to leave it to you fucking cool
game okay we threatened and got a pickup
stick here did you pick up a stick you
can hit with it that I'm giving you that
will be done okay do we're having a
private good are you gonna stick and
born as you go get a damn thing dad
thank you
I'm trying have a conversation with my
father you're being intrusive yeah you
get out
dude set my apology or not no I don't
want to deal with you leave I'm trying
to find ways to better control my anger
something that you need to think about
down
what is that I feel like it making fun
of me for something what is that tune
you got it
yeah guys yeah you're real help I
already helped you said you don't want
my help
you don't know how to do anything I can
sweep up glass I'm not that stupid
I brought you a yoga mat or made you do
that we did everything together
it took clean wall of ass you didn't
clean either
hey of it well I didn't notice this how
could you know you're always busy with
you we ate together we were the flea
markets together we went freakin eating
things together we went to Chinese
together yeah we did
and now you take all those memories and
you shit on them because you decided be
an asshole to break the freaking light
arrangement in the room oh no no that's
what happened right Bridget yeah it
would put a bit of pinata know the pink
I don't know what happened must have
felt it wasn't even there he yeah I got
you real good didn't I
better watch it I don't trust you
anymore
not yet too low higher Oh
higher higher
