well in one minute Bridget's life for
the next week or so
is over when doe w e 2k16 finishes
downloading I really hope enough is
downloaded
I did the pre-install earlier uh uh but
I don't know let's hope 40 more seconds
Bridget she's outside right now she has
no idea of her whole worlds but he
rocked I'm gonna rock her world and I
don't mean sexually I mean digitally on
the PlayStation so as I watched this
countdown I don't know I thought I was
gonna say something I was gonna have
like something powerful to say as I
watched this but I had nothing I'm just
watching the screen I'm talking to
myself and I feel like a freak my dogs
are looking at me here we go showed you
like a countdown
ten nine eight seven six five four three
two one zero
oh man thought it would start for me
I got click start it has begun I'm just
glad I didn't say like must install
update because that would have been
really annoying for me do not try this
at home guys this is a video game
remember that always
so there it is you guys
oh can it thanks for letting me know
PlayStation I have no idea all right
I can't show any more of this because I
don't have all right I can't show any
more of this I'm gonna let it go right
now here we go
2k16 my life is being taken over by the
PlayStation what's going on you guys kid
behind a camera here you just saw the
intro today is Tuesday I think it is
about 7 o'clock in the morning and I
have not gone to sleep because I have
been up playing WWE 2k16 all might now
might have to stay up all day because
I'll totally ruin my sleep pattern so
I'm gonna stay up all day and I guess
I'll play wt6 ánotá can't talk
I guess I'll play WWE 2k16 all day but
it's a fun dude if you haven't seen the
video uploaded yesterday click the link
below if you're excited click like for
the video I'm uploading tomorrow where I
show you the video where grandpa busted
out his light if you don't know about it
what I did is aa dad wanted to you know
break a pinata I'm sorry from sort of
rambling here because I haven't been
asleep yet so it's kind of hard to
follow dad wanted to break a pinata and
I convinced him that none of the trees
in his yard would allow him to break a
pinata so we broke the pinata in his
grandpa room only
iein hang no pinata his eyes were
covered so you can imagine what happened
if you haven't noticed Brigitte West is
not here because she is sleeping she
eventually went to sleep because she got
tired of watching the video game and I
assume she better just stay in bed all
day because I'm still gonna be playing
it when she wakes up and that's it man
video tomorrow video game today
I'm Michael trick-or-treating tonight in
my living room because I got tons of
candy and that's it let's get this
Tuesday started playing the video game
all day style
now you're going to watch this at 81 in
science but you got 81 in science he did
that's right foliage politic well
sitting here what would you and cadence
cadence Kade an otherwise they came in
does a girl name right and lose your
sisters grandma okay well ran and you
got right into these guys at Walmart and
I decided to vlog I'm how to get a new
selfie stick I got a pink one was
there's the wrong thing Wilma really
real men wear pink
I want her hoodie I want to wear that
hoodie she's not a period I and you call
your grandma sweater yes put my truck
right what do you mean oh you got a kid
you bought me you think I bought all
that for you
well I don't think oh you probably
didn't this is Halloween candy well
trick-or-treat bitches going my drop
you're not taking all of it you can have
some if you want
but you're not going to take all of it
mmm God Candyman what oh go my foot all
fine you're not getting all of it go get
you a bag do do not take my can you lift
yeah try to lift it see what happens if
you try to lift it no hair along yeah ah
good cup that was like on the truck is
out of man you're not getting over candy
bro this is for trick-or-treaters hey
guys I've been living with 12 oh you
forgot okay dude just seconds of your
call me fat
I called wait that's not nice but it is
what it is Bella I'm here baby I want
you to attacking vamp okay hello okay
you should get a chocolate me crazy okay
she am chocolate no don't do it okay
don't eat chocolate Bella but you can't
jump on him poor baby
Oh God oh that was over all admit that
one
my damn don't we good oh is this a good
your dogs you beat my PI Omega - yo dog
Oh Bella can definitely whipster you on
our dogs are sweethearts no my dog would
pain your dog I don't wanna talk about
this more chocolate our dogs fighting
yeah my dog I could definitely whip your
dog's ass though is you're a beautiful
any like you can go to bed when you're
pulling that gear I can't Bridget I
haven't cleaned it yet are you doing
years ago how do you know how can I know
you laugh like what also know I tomorrow
I turn it off with a alternate bedroom
my bedroom sparks are flying off my
ceiling for you for you eh you call
something how did that happen Oh you
call someone so by fucking of that limit
fucking else what I don't believe you I
don't give a damn what you believe is he
crying Anna see ya
iceberg God tell the truth yeah sure now
I put your mom home now well you know
the solution is the solution is next
time you play pinata you want to hit a
pinata
don't hit the lightning yeah no loser -
I'll do that don't do with you know
because I didn't do anything you just
don't you know bus lights-out no be fine
that's the only person of the world that
can miss a pinata this big next to his
face right
you weren't even hit and one there it
was there maybe it was maybe it wasn't I
saw it dude you did know now got any
other the other was no no pinata
hanging from that day I like pick it up
put it in my truck I tried dude
don't put in the truck put it in the
truck or damn lucky it's not cheese
this sucker is heavy oh you gotta you
can do it either Harlem no
man are y'all crazy the seeds the old
inner dude I would call the cop you left
your skittles we let this go down it
well this right here is the selfie stick
that we got at Walmart today and all of
its pink glory it's wonderful pink glory
so here it is the pink selfie stick and
there is pickle boy in the mirror using
the selfie stick a pink self you see but
I don't care
just the color folks if you were
wondering no they did not get out with
my candy I stopped them I turned the
camera off I struggled a little bit and
I made sure they didn't touch it because
that is my candy and I want to go
trick-or-treating in it myself tonight
and I still have all vistacal II well
what a glorious mess we are waiting for
our garbage to come it doesn't come
until tomorrow we gotta wait till our
garbage comes looking freaking cool pick
this trash up because we're out of trash
we're at a room we're at a garbage where
I don't know what I'm talking about go
to sleep Michael well that's gonna be a
Burnett you guys thanks for watching
time for me to get this vlog out so I
can go to bed I am exhausted right now
but the video game is very good I
couldn't give a rating for it right now
I gave the last one a 5 out of 10 the
last one was graphically amazing but the
game itself really faltered there wasn't
enough people on it
there wasn't enough stuff to do this one
is already better than that game so it's
at least a 6 out of 10 but I would put
proud right now I'm leaning towards 8 or
9 out of 10 I really do love this game
it's got a lot of cool stuff I don't
know if I'm you're allowed to show it so
I can't show me playing the game maybe
if I write WWE games they'll give me
permission I don't know we'll see
either way this game is sick huh if
you're a wrestling fan if you like
wrestling games otherwise you know hey
whoa came up today which I don't have an
xbox so I can't play any low but anyone
want to get out of here thanks for
watching you guys time for me to go to
bed met some cool people today grandpa
tried to steal my candy played the video
game and the whole time I didn't fall
asleep thanks for watching relatively a
bridgit free vlog today other than the
part with
add and I don't remember that's it for
life you guys like subscribe favorite
and I'm going to bed
