what's going on you guys get me on a
camera here fedosya right there and
today and giggle water she's drinking
water give me that
also called and today is national
pumpkin day having pumpkin day I'd and
the other Bridget literally celebrates
yep
Bridget it celebrates national pumpkin
day we need to get pumpkin coffee
pumpkin doughnuts carve pumpkins make
pumpkin pie all that stuff national
pumpkin Day is a travesty and pumpkin
flavored water no that is so today is
Monday and today is national pumpkin day
and today we're going to target and
today I'm watching Monday Night Raw and
today I'm gonna look for something to
eat and today sorry
I'm sort of got stuck there for a second
and today is just kept coming
it's Monday miserable Monday marvelous
Monday I'm cynical right now you better
come over something from another and
Michael Monday yours doesn't work
Michael Monday doing bad stuff you're
cynical Michael so Michael Monday today
I got a big surprise for Bridget for
pumpkin day she's gonna love it
what is it we're gonna carve a pumpkin
really yep don't you know what happens
in Halloween what yeah are you serious
pickle boys smashing call me anymore
filming film then I pick up more
smashing pumpkins
why would you do that could you get
another one and it was fun no hey stink
smell this
it smells good what get it out of my
face oh why is a stink no I feel like
the spiders on this probably get a trash
bag - I'm not even helping about
thinking can you like try to sweep
everything - cuz this porch is really
dirty no I don't think those oh come on
like look at that corner it's disgusting
whose fault is that outside oh this is
miserable it's nasty
I should not have done this probably not
hey your mom - some doozies Michael no
space somebody to do this for us yeah
you're paying me I'll get you McDonald's
yes ma'am
national pumpkin day extra cheeseburgers
- how's this ma'am I think you're doing
great
come on you okay you gotta get a bag now
the only reason I wanted to smash that
pumpkin so I could have the title
pickleboy Smashing Pumpkins today is the
greatest day I have known kill a
football tomorrow spied on my rage I am
still just a rat in a cage yeah I like
Smashing Pumpkins and I like making
Brigid clean up when I do it
pick up my pump yeah
it's corn not gonna drive through though
yeah you are no well actually
cheeseburgers well I don't spied on my
rage I'm sorry frigid baby of Maine Oh
oh yeah
alright beta for me the song was enough
right yeah
let me ask you a question Bridget what
does real pumpkin smell like the pumpkin
shit bu-bye no where do they come up
with that smell because I'm sitting here
smell this disgusting pumpkin and it'll
smell you said like the freakin the
scented crap we're buying this year I
know I don't really like the real smell
of pumpkin it smells kind of gross but I
do like the colors I guess I'm doing
this face like the color of pumpkin is
like the true color fall it's gorgeous
cut out cut out Michael yeah how did all
these get there then those gotta do
seats from last year dude uh no they're
not there ceiling stuck in the grass
well maybe shouldn't throw tubulin hmm
she says how dare I clean oh my god
seriously how did this hunt really stuck
in the grass
dude just look a better can you get on
with my my sites this is getting kind of
next-level redic I kind of think there's
pumpkin seeds over there no there's just
garbage you come down you're smoking it
is almost time for me to terrorize
Bridgette with my video game she made me
sit through the Witcher and all the
Witcher expansion packs all the while
I'm thinking when Debra we2 k16 comes
out she's screwed and that's exactly
what's about to happen in four hours 12
minutes and 12 seconds eleven seconds
ten seconds nine seconds she's gonna be
forced to sit through w/e 2k16 Karma's a
bitch Bridgette and so are you not
really you're not a bitch I'm sorry for
saying that not only am i taking over
the TV night with a video game now I'm
taking over right now with wrestling
Bridgette this is what you get for
making me sit through The Witcher and
I'm glory focus bridges sing goodbye to
your TV time well while I watch Monday
Night Raw I'm about to make burgers and
look how weird this hamburger meat looks
virgin I've never seen this before I
wonder if it's good it's hamburger meat
cake meat loaf
what or Eagle burger man
all right talk about mate loaf I want to
make a make a burger it's just it's just
a strange packaging I guess it's pretty
weird it's probably really 80/20 I can
have 100% of at 0% leaning so my burgers
have been sitting in the freezer what I
do if you haven't ever seen before is I
flatten them out on these plates really
thin super thin and I put them in the
freezer for about 10 minutes then
they're ready for the pan okay
the pan is slightly wetter not too much
and I'm going to take this burger and
throw it on the pan you want to hear a
good sizzle when it hits it just like
that salt pepper and onion powder
I don't usually add onion powder this is
a new thing for me I'm just doing it
anyway what I'm about to do right now
people say a sacrilegious you do not
squeeze it you just don't because it
takes out the juice right but actually
is helping it get a sear at the bottom
of it
see I'm not putting much pressure on I'm
just sitting it on it slightly and it
keeps the sear on I want a dark seer not
burnt but jar a nice dark crisp on the
bottom of the burger and I'm ready to
flip them right now and see how I did
boom exactly what I wanted now I add
cheese now I'm going to turn it off now
I'm going to add a tiny bit of water
right here only on one side of the pan
then I'm covering it okay right there we
got our burger patties on our bun which
was also toasted we're adding bacon a
little bit of mustard a little bit of
balsamic vinegar ketchup which is like
ketchup it you know has a nice little
balsamic vinegar flavor
obviously pickles for pickle boy and
lettuce it's quite the mess but Oz makes
quite the burger let's find out burger
well we still got another two hours 48
minutes and four seconds to go so I'm
gonna stop this vlog now I'm going to
record the outro and wait out the two
hours finish Monday Night Raw and get
ready to play w/e 2k16 but being that
this is the last real shot of the vlog
it only makes sense that the first shot
of the vlog would be the end of the
countdown so tomorrow I'm gonna start
off the vlog getting ready for 2k16 well
that's gonna be it for today you guys
it's starting to rain it's dark weight
from a wrestling game to come out in a
good mood I don't want to watch you play
again too bad I watched you play The
Witcher how long I know I'm such an
asshole to say that but I really can't
stand wrestling you can too you enjoy
wrestling when you watch it ok sometimes
I did Nikki Bella's in it maybe you can
see her for jump I mean Brigitte maybe
Nikki Bella's head oh he just did what's
in your head Oh before I get out of here
I wanted to take the time to talk about
a video one of my friends made I want
you guys to check it out if you have a
moment the link is below it's also
popping up at the top it is a friend of
mine named Dylan put it together the
video is about this handicapped kid
his name is gage
and through adversity you know he still
lives the life that any of us would live
and he really shows that you don't you
know not all handicaps have to hold you
back and he's not letting his hold him
back
you know gage you're what you're a lot
stronger than I am and I don't know if I
can keep hanging on you you know it's a
shame that people say some of the stuff
that they say about you dude but you got
my respect too got a lot of people's
respect if you want to see that video
check out the link below it's really
good it's really well put together I
really enjoy the video it's really good
that's a good video so that's gonna be
it for today you guys I'm stopping it
now so you can take the time to watch
the video thanks for watching like
subscribe favorite and that's it
