what's going on you guys kid behind the
camera here we're just here
pouring don't go come here me you hit me
and then hit you get me so hardly my
freaking face is vibrating why did you
kick me I did the Wyatt oh bridge I
would not count
oh you mother what's going on you guys
Kip be on a camera here we're just here
and today we are pranking grandpa I
wouldn't want to talk about that yet
Oh today we're pranking grandpa today
we're penguins got on my hat well you
heard it from Bridget today we are
pranking angry grandpa and the way we're
pranking angry grandpa it's funny
Bridget's idea I'll give it to you isn't
always loud I sort of helped huh so
today dad last week in the mailbag video
prank genius okay can I just explain it
last week it's okay it was a good idea
now
never mind it'll come with some good
ideas right okay
last week somebody sent grandpa a pinata
and this week we're going to destroy it
now my goal is to tell Dad that we're
gonna do it in his grandpa room which I
assume he's gonna be reluctant about
well my room which I'm gonna say if
there's no tweets we gotta do it here
trust me and I'm gonna have that smashes
light fixture in his bedroom boom that's
what we're doing today Frank and Grandpa
because I gotta be honest with you folks
this has not been a good month for me
yesterday I gave grandpa his phone back
I took his phone at the beginning of the
month because I didn't want him to see
me planning pranks and nothing that I
was planning worked so I said screw it
I'm getting pranked left and right take
your phone back dude get back on Twitter
it's where it is what it is I can't I
give up but this one I'm gonna try I'm
gonna try to prank him you laughing your
ass art of this you've been
orchestrating shit against me bad for
you
at the beginning of the month you were
like prank month is on it's like I got
freaking leveled prank month was on B
was against me and honestly it's like
deterring me I don't know if I can
recover
I got a try man our universe is coming
up baby I'm gonna prank you on it then
oh man well we are a dad's house for
Sunday dinner he's made chicken all
kinds of ways this is teriyaki baked
fried Barbies up barbeque yep oh did I
say dad's made it I met Batman made it
how you like about that I'm doing the
widow's today because we're gonna be
doing that pinata you said you want to
break the pinata today and I want you to
just like bat me when you did but
there's an issue with Rihanna I didn't
see any trees out there that we can use
so we're gonna I'm thinking about doing
in your grandpa room are you stupid
it's gonna be fine dude you think you
think I wouldn't think about it and take
precautions before doing it you better
it's going to be fine
it's gonna be just low enough where you
probably hit it the first whack oh my
god and that did the chick who sent it
it said it's filled with candy well
we'll find out low up meanwhile we don't
eat some chicken
man hungry so right now dad is pissed
off at me because when we did the pinata
video I sabotage him right now he's
changing out of his Batman outfit pissed
off being a big baby about it
has he come and burned it no he wants me
to leave I'm not leaving I think he's
staying in his room till I leave
should we go it feels awkward yes
grandpa kicked me out we're not welcome
back in his house you cool with that I
think we should prank him again
when he's got his phone we can't say
when he had Paul if you want to prank
grandpa thank you she agrees so with
YouTube doing updates lik what the
Bridgette those frickin balloons really
floating everywhere yeah it's crazy
I don't know shit this is crazy oh my
god Clyde wants these balloons dude oh
there you go whoa hey okay you guys calm
down please well like I was saying
before that happened uh-huh
YouTube has made some changes and some
people said that they're not getting
updated when our videos hit their
subscription boxes so here's one way you
can fix it two ways you can fix it okay
if you're on a computer go to our page
go where it says subscribed click the
little gear button and it'll say send me
all notifications for this channel and
save boom then you're alerted when I
upload a video
the next is if you have the YouTube app
go to the YouTube app you're subscribed
to us if you're not click Subscribe and
then click the little Bell notifications
are turned off I just gotta turn on
notifications so turn on your
notifications and click the little bell
and you'll be alerted when we upload a
video only do that if you want to be
notified when we upload a video if you
don't you don't got to do anything but
if you want to know first and you want a
chance to say first then subscribe to
the notifications click send me all
notifications then hopefully you guys
will be no be told when we upload
something Bell is still scared because
of the balloons that were banging around
you okay Bella
Clyde you okay
I'll be the first to admit every year
would we get out candy on Halloween we
go crazy we away too much candy every
year that's because we enjoy making
people happy I like when people leave
the house and they go yeah that was the
best house this year and this year is no
exception so now we're going to put our
candy in this Big Bend that Bridget
shows and we're gonna be the best house
in South Carolina again so I'm funny
over there
that's my only goal sweet the best house
in South Carolina best house the whole
world and all of these bags is the candy
we're giving out we got full-size candy
bars
we've got frickin Reese's we've got
these we've got everything and we're
going to load up this frickin barrel
I call it a barrel but it's a plastic
bin can I say something - hmm remember
what I told you in the store that this
bin isn't big enough
it wasn't don't worry Michael will be
half gone my Halloween on your side of
the bed revisit that for a minute
yeah we'll be half gone and on my side
of the bed oh oh come on dude I must
admit how much more do we have there's
boxes no come on this is now yeah dude
this is a big freaking box it's
definitely enough leave the trash oh my
god well this is gonna be the house that
people come back to three or four times
with different masks on yeah really I
wasn't here before sir this come on
Michael we don't have room is there any
more yes no there's more no last one
I named it the extra free bar oh my god
that's it okay that's a good top we
don't have to mix it until that's gone
try to pick it up
ready are you serious no jump right
screaming oh shit
there's your highness Snickers one where
didn't lady I wasn't I mean hot anything
else do that I'm hungry that's gonna be
a fair today you guys remember subscribe
to our updates if you tweet me a picture
of you subscribing to our updates either
from the computer or by clicking the
Bell on the phone I'm gonna be following
some of you guys just tweet me the
picture I'm gonna be looking around and
I'm gonna be randomly following you some
of you guys do bridge too if you want
uh-huh yeah I might have a video soon
who knows we went a little overboard on
candy I pulled my back out what's in
that bucket
I think I was crazy I don't know what to
do like how are we gonna actually get
that thing outside two hands four hands
so the way we do it every year at
Halloween is we always say grab two
handfuls
do what you want grab what you want even
if it's all big stuff we don't care a
lot of you like really like should we
you can do it so anyway I'm gonna get
out of here thanks for watching you guys
prank grandpa click like if you want to
see the video I think we're gonna upload
it on Wednesday
I want to prank him again that was
actually really fun it was a lot of fun
there's a point where you see sparks so
that's why I'm gonna say I was that
scared me
Mason yeah I was like stop dad stop oh
my god thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe favorite if I meant everything
but to us wait love you guys I covered
it No
