what's going on you guys kid behind the
camera here Bridget was not she made it
tomato folks I tried today is Saturday
and today before I get any further scary
movie Saturday
now I said before I go any further scary
movie is going further scary movie
Saturday goes further than what I wanted
to go I'm sorry before we go any further
Bridget's little prank on me is now up
some of you may have not seen the video
yet because it went up a three o'clock
in the morning and there was an issue
with YouTube about sending things to
people subsolid
I can't say subscription I'm gonna say
subscription behind uh YouTube had an
issue sitting the video to people so
subscription boxes so if you haven't
seen it the link is below and if you're
on a computer there's an annotation over
my face but if your honor if you weren't
one a tablet but don't even do the joke
I can see she wants to go how'd you do
that
even with YouTube not sending it to
people's subscription boxes like why
can't I say subscription boxes even with
YouTube's not sending it to people's
subscription boxes I did it you guys
have been sharing the video and your
Facebook's and Twitter's and that is
just awesome
so tonight I'm going to go through the
list of people that are sharing it on
their Twitter's I'm gonna go on a follow
spree cuz you guys are fucking awesome
also I'm gonna be doing a Q&A with angry
grandpa within the next couple of weeks
so we got that there's no follow-up for
me scary movie Saturday tonight Bridget
is making chicken parm oven bake style
how are you thinking gonna be good I
hope I don't ever cook me so
I got some mean for you right here in
the kitchen let's go look at it right
here right there anyway let's get this
Saturday started again if you haven't
seen the new video let's stop right here
click pause on me and then go to the new
video and watch and then we'll proceed
and then Wow and I'm gonna respond as if
you actually did that so okay pause now
I got you Oh I'm humiliated thoroughly I
know hey you guys you know dressed up
today you happy about that Oh sad
Clyde will talk to me buddy I feel crazy
talking to myself just chillin with
Clyde Clyde's pay more attention to what
Bella's doing over there chewing on a
toy so much so let her think he's
nobody's going to drink never my belly
your toys safe no it's safe one of the
comments that I saw people asking me on
Twitter uh is why is my bed on the floor
the chainsaw video we broke it I've been
on the floor ever since beds are not
cheap beds are kind of expensive so I've
not bought myself a new bed yet I'm
thinking about it but until then for
sleeping on the floor yeah I kind of
enjoy though sleep on the floor is not
that bad I'm just starting to notice
that face that I make that any way I do
it too much look at I can't help it stop
doing it Michael it kind of reminds me
of when I was a kid for some reason I
thought this made me look hot I don't
know what it was I'd be sitting on the
bus uh-huh
like I would see like a cute girl on the
bus or what yeah all right what's up
girl
what have you no idea that I look like a
fool a freaking fool I didn't know it
sorry it just could do good to pass up
the hell Lacey's been out in the yard
for a while so it's time to leave him to
come in so go ahead and do it Bridget
okay it's not working
they usually walk people go take that
may put like a cock upon your mouth dude
one lazy alright now our neighbors
nothing with a clucking a turkey already
it works see oh thank goodness he's
defiant today oh I wanted to order
something in the mail that resonates
from my childhood and by the way how did
I succeed on create an ominous
atmosphere I didn't get it pretty good I
was like Bridget fill me next to the
candle that'll add spookiness so I'm
pretty freakin scared scary stories to
tell in the dark two and three now then
they actually still sell these in
bookstores but not with the original
illustrations which is like part of what
made her so good as a kid the
illustrations like for instance let's
just open this up to bloody feet
dangling from a fireplace now the new
version of the book doesn't have that if
you've never read the scary stories to
tell in the dark books they are among
there were at one time the number one
banned books in all schools so Jesus
really it's crazy it's because they a
lot of teacher said they offer no like
significance and teaching or anything
they offered nothing to learn from so
they wanted abandon from other schools
so scary scores scary stories to tell
the dark if I never read on their pretty
crazy I should definitely
um will they scare me they're scary we
are in Walmart right now we are shopping
for dinner
Bridget is cooking which me luck
hopefully I don't die however I look
good
Bridget I gotta show myself today so
here do me the honors you've got it I'm
gonna do a little catwalk
a little embarrassing but I am stop
Oh looking good pictures
one of those yeah I got your shoes hold
on isn't it the look yeah let's get off
this on hmm hey you don't drink this now
Lauren this is starting to become a
problem
Bridget ISM smelling this stuff for like
20 minutes now she's got one she got to
put aside stick okay these are the ones
we're gonna look at later this one might
be my favorite but I can't tell help
I don't care as long as my clothes don't
smell like crap smell it oh my goodness
now you gotta get another one cuz that
one's probably all jacked up
let me a headache Oh God
people watching ok so right now Bridget
is in the process of making some
oven-fried chicken she's going to start
off with these thinly cut boneless
chicken breast and in this bag correct
me if I'm wrong Bridget it is panko
breadcrumbs Parmesan cheese salt pepper
and fresh parsley yes okay so Bridget
will take one piece and she puts it in
the butter and a fresh garlic and from
there she's gonna pop it in this bag and
shake it
oh shit shake it oh hey can open it up
she can't open the bag she better shake
it fast so I can have a snack here we go
let me get a good coat a little more
shaking what does Jenny totally
Christine the other way oh yeah so let's
see what you come up with place it down
on a sprayed pan shit I forgot a meat
thermometer that's alright
okay Bridget here we go right now
Bridget covered it in cheese a few
minutes ago
then we sliced provolone and you're so
pissed at me yeah cuz I didn't want
provolone cheese on it
I'm sorry so there it is it looks good
aside from the fact that it's all white
from cheese now I can't see that
beautiful cruds the crunch well that's
gonna be a for today you guys thanks for
watching
Bridget the chicken was delicious
I know why don't you just tell everyone
she thought when she first pulled it out
I was like I didn't even film anymore
cuz like those gonna be nasty uh she
covered in cheese man but I gotta give
it to you it was good you're the new
cook what else he said somethin else in
the kitchen well it was better than mine
and I don't remember is the best chicken
you ever had they come on I have better
chicken now my chicken fried chickens
better we both know a name she's high Oh
fucking high don't do drugs
today you are you're smoking you're
you're on the highway in here
Oh God anyway that's it I've been eating
the crust of the bottom of the pan all
night oh my god so good you know let's
get like five people that's a lie thou
your lawyer Gotham boy like that guy she
lying her ass off on this I'm gonna get
out of here I'm gonna get out of here
I'm gonna get out of here I'm gonna get
out of here thanks for watching you can
make it tomorrow ha
makes up the difference I'm gonna get
out of here what's a shame thanks for
watching you guys hung on everything
chef you want to see the new video where
this bitch got me again link is below
I've had it good bye love you guys
