what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here we're just here right there
and today is Friday and today it's
Friday that's it today it's Friday you
know what that means
I don't know that means pizza Friday
that doesn't work way it used to be like
the other thing but now it's pizza
Friday
what about we have burgers and we call
it French Friday um fajita Friday the
Gila fried french fry day is the better
whatever are you even like trying to
compete he does Friday that's pretty
it's all cool
anyway today is French Friday if you
haven't seen the video yet click the
link below pickle boy gets scared that
he's gonna be burned to death how funny
sorry it was solid you rejected we're
called you were Jack it was not a real
apology though I really I was glad I
rejected it then I with that I'm glad I
didn't give it all that I'm not a madman
I'm happy cynical whoo so anyway yeah
yesterday morning I got woken up to
thinking that I was gonna get burned
alive oh you poor babe
and oh it's so funny oh you were so fine
it was pretty fun you you should be a
comedian that was very very funny it was
very funny yeah got pranked I still
think about it like it was so funny you
love it don't you I did love it it was
very funny
our anniversary's next month oh I'm so
excited we're gonna have everybody I
just wanted the camera back hmm
one me no we're gonna point it at me hey
yeah oh my goodness what is she wearing
bridges little sweater hey Bella whoa
now people can tell she's a girl
oh hey Clyde all three of them are
wearing sweaters yep they're the sweater
Dumpling gang and he Felix we can't get
stopped gonna get a freakin alpha to
wear oh my gosh I know well we finally
got something in the shop just in time
for winter the people have been asking
us for hoodies oh yeah oh yeah hoodie
who do you would I want to wear it so
well this is your honey so here it is we
have hoodies and the anger ground pop
store Now link is below link is here or
here oh my god how did you do that
Bridget Michael can I just tell
everybody about the hoodie okay so right
here we have the anger grandpa show lug
like I'm on QVC right here we have the
beautiful angry grandpa show logo holy
crap look at that length through
Brasilia Khan's less frigid was which I
can't keep adding links now Ben they're
just appearing and on the back the angry
grandpa logo so if you want to check out
the hoodies go to the angle grandpa so
we're gonna get some new shirts pretty
soon but this is something I wanted and
it's too small for me to wear oh my god
there needs to be sweatpants hey yeah
it's too small for me but more wear it
anyway oh yeah I'm aiming them on eight
mile you like huh yo can I get your
autograph
it's me pickle boy oh my god oh my god
are you mmm oh my god it man em hey my
love your shop bitch a bitch Bridget
it's me Brock Obama I'm the President
Obama I love you it's pillow for a guy
you like
how did you do that that's just one of
the examples of how weird
Bridget of my relationship is uh uh we
do what we were doing if you couldn't
tell is I was pretending to be somebody
that I didn't look nor sound like shake
it off too Swift oh my god me it's me Oh
that's the example we pretend to be
somebody that we're not our budget close
your eyes Bridget I am NOT in danger I
am the danger oh my god is Amanda
it's not my precious pinpoint oh my god
you got me
I will go operation I really thought you
were him Claudia Brian Cranston was in
the house no they don't have any hair
about this it wants to shut up actually
they wanted to take the clothes off
bills that come on undress me oh so last
night I was talking to my sister and she
wanted to point something out about one
of the pictures I showed in the family
portraits video check this out
this was last night okay so Kimberly
just got done watching the video that I
put up yesterday showing the family
photos in honor of the Back to the
Future day and she pointed out something
interesting I wanted her to talk about -
go ahead please say that was actually
Christmas morning you look the angriest
looking at that picture I had no clue
that it was Christmas morning
I knew the butter incident happened with
Christmas Eve but I brighten it and put
two and two together so here's what
happened Christmas morning
I got myself a whole bunch of power
range of toys and I loved them Oh Go Go
Power Rangers so I had Power Ranger toys
I love them and I left them on the floor
so I can go make oatmeal
and I'm pretty sure they were Power
Rangers oatmeal they were they kind of
oatmeal where it dissolves into like
lightning bolts for Power Rangers and I
was making me oatmeal and dad comes
tumbling into the room and steps on the
figures and almost falls over and breaks
them
Kym want to clue me what happens next oh
my god yeah
Christmas morning dad took the tree and
slung it out of the fridge and some mom
just moves the chair where the tree was
for instance for instance for instance
here's a picture of Kimberly on the same
morning about 20 minutes before that
picture was taken
lovely little Christmas tree and baby
carriage and 20 minutes later there's a
chair where the tree was he's beginning
to look alive like Christmas not in our
house when I was a kid I left toys on
the floor aisle are all I could I didn't
see him step on it but I heard it I'm
sitting there staring up a microwave
making the oatmeal and I'll hear it oh
you knew what was coming
so I hear dad's scream I look out just
in time to see the tree go chucking out
the freaking front door and he's looking
for anything else he can grab that's in
his way the Power Rangers were gone I
had one little cute picture of me with
the Power Rangers and I never play with
them again
oh my god
and he wasn't even sorry either nope not
even a little bit screamed at us to
clean the fucking shit up and went back
to his room Merry Christmas
well that's gonna be it for today you
guys thanks for watching um if the video
was up by the time this is up the link
is below the link is over there however
I'm having to happen to allow however
I'm having trouble with YouTube right
now YouTube's having trouble uploading I
don't know if this is gonna go up but if
it is and that one doesn't
hopefully tomorrow it's gonna YouTube
being annoying I'm just having trouble
uploading on the channel I've written
YouTube about it they'll get back to me
soon until then we got this so anyway
that's gonna be it for today guys thanks
for watching hopefully the video will go
up tomorrow and really I only wanted to
go up I don't want to be embarrassed I
think it's just definitely go up
it's a humiliate you got three camera
angles on me I know oh my god the one my
favorite was one by your head yeah it is
what it is
God it is so funny yeah it is what it is
I'm gonna get out of here you guys
thanks for watching my link is right
here
no one is not ready that's it
