what's going on you guys kid behind a
camera here for us I'm mad at you still
you don't a lot of getting in true okay
okay yeah you understand why I don't
care I want to be in the intro because
no I'm really upset
so last night it was good it was good
I know I know last night dad woke me up
but I'm gonna say Bridget and dad
literally this morning okay do you guys
remember all the past mums dads going
fuck oh my god well he pulled it off
last night and I'm not gonna say much
except involved gasoline and waking me
up it was good I know
stop being so cocky I got no mad at you
so I forgot all about that fire thing oh
this was good revenge now I'm done
pranking you man
this is Edie I'm gonna prank you but no
ah what was the last prank that I did to
you my birthday what are the the
breaking in everything I didn't like
that very much
it was short I don't you maybe think
those we set on fire good if you guys
want to see the video click like that's
all I'm gonna say about it anymore today
hey like I got us we got a set we got to
find some way to dry out the mattress or
we can't sleep tonight I can you can't
oh yeah don't be like that
I'll sleep on the couch no no you don't
want me I'll make you little cot next to
me I'm not gonna sleep I'll sleep on the
couch
now how you want to be about I'll see
I'll go to California for Hell in a Cell
dude now I will fly out tomorrow no
don't do this man we need to fix the bed
you do that I swear to God the next
prank I sleep I got
right let's get this day started fun on
everything bruh just well I just got a
wrestling package in not a wrestle crate
not a box just some stuff that I ordered
now I wanted to open it on but I was
gonna say I'm opening a box
I wanna unbox on camera first thing we
got Scott Hall that's pretty cool
they don't sell this this is a ringside
collectibles exclusive like her yeah
look exclusive it's awesome can't buy
this in stores next up there's a
wheelchair don't play with my wrestlers
and they need a wheelchair you got one I
got a wheelchair ready to go plus if one
gets hurt my brussels go through
hardcore go through some more magic
wheelchair needed and crutches yeah and
look at a neck brace this right here is
a floor mat it is a to put under the
ring
oh the floor cool because with that the
ultimate barricade place it oh yeah it
goes around the ring they cool that is
really neat you're so cool how could I
not be cool I got the ultimate ringside
collectible playset thanks crammed by
the way Grimm's Toy Show he gave me a
code grim and I saved a bunch of money
oh yeah
the extreme rules steel cage playset ha
oh hey minute Brock Lesnar and it comes
with an ECW mat cuz of rain skirts ooh
this is nice that's pretty cool
okay last thing pickle boy is might be
the NXT champion whoa I think you've
made it out of me no I did not made it
up oh my god it's so cool the NXT
championship now people can really say I
look like Kevin Owens oh my god Michael
that is so awesome
in XT so that's what I got today heavy
not really huh not as heavy as the other
ones but NXT steel cage the playset Hall
yeah ringside collectibles are you gonna
wear that when you play wrestlers no how
can I do that
it's really hard to maneuver Michael I
didn't record that huh
I am box it all I didn't record it oh my
god Sonya was like man now what do you
always fall for that I didn't do that
hmm so right here is where I got pranked
Oh can't even sleep my own house I
should have known that it was a prank
when they were doing it but I just I
remember I was having a dream about dad
to begin with I remember what he was
doing in the dream but I was having a
dream about dad
and the next thing not waking up with
freaking gas cyl click like if you wanna
see that video tomorrow the bed is
surprisingly dried out so we might be
able to sleep in the bed tonight but
otherwise
how's it look earlier I tried to do dads
recipe for hamburger pie how to turn out
virgin awesome
you had the bite I have not hmm
I know it's so good Michael just wrap it
up mmm do we get it too
let's eat it for dinner I wanted to give
it to your like your mom or my dad or
something let's raise it okay so you
guys left the freakin gas night here
well yeah I bought it God what are we
gonna use it I don't know I don't know
maybe the prank you with it
Michael no why could it be gasps no what
no Michael what it might be chemicals
inside just no no
you know I did make some water Michael
this isn't a new gas tank we had to
clean it good what is getting my dog how
often do you wanna fuck with me that's
gonna be it for today you guys thanks
for watching I just want to say that I'm
kind of sorry I'm fine with it now
Bridget no I mean I feel so bad you I
remember like you look really bad
it was actually kind of I thought I was
gonna burn today it was pretty sad would
you not be scared I would be scared
that's why I'm kind of sorry cuz I can
tell you're really salty the most
flabbergasting thing about it was the
fact that I could smell the gas I know
that was his ideas I cuz the first thing
that I did was sniff and if I wouldn't
smell the gas I would have believed it
oh man they got me today so anyways I
guess you can call it today it was good
now I want to say that's it no more
pranking me though okay I've had it I
have a really good idea to break him yes
well what's not a man I like it mmm you
screw me over though dude I'm not gonna
screw you over with this our anniversary
is next month don't screw me over and
we're gonna have a good one
maybe no we are depending if you screw
me over I remember sleep I'm gonna get
out of here thanks for watching you guys
I really anticipated October to be a
prank mouth towards him I know I'm sorry
that's another thing and so sorry for
ruining my prank mom I'm sorry but it's
my prank one two I don't think so
sweetie I wanna kiss no whisper no
because I still can hold on to that bag
oh no we got man I don't either
pulmonary lying
