what's going on you guys kid behind the
camera here and today is Back to the
Future day Great Scott October the 21st
2015 which is the day Doc Brown and
Marty McFly got into the DeLorean and
went to the Future to save his kids
Marty your kids so to celebrate Back to
the Future day I decided why not go back
to the future or the past because I
don't have any footage from the future
so I could show you some of the past so
today for my vlog I decided to make it
pictures a lot of people ask me for
family pictures and Kim made a video
before with family pictures but it just
wasn't enough you wanted more so that's
what this is
today we're going back to the future
when we look at some family photos let's
begin okay so like I told you guys some
of these pictures you may have seen on
Kimberly's video before however some of
them you may not have seen so here we go
right here we have angry grandpas a
little baby being held by aunt Charlene
oh my god I can't believe we had that
photo dude he looks angry yeah he's an
angry baby
he's a pissed-off baby okay there we
have grandma aunt Charlene and dad and I
want to get closer on dad's face just to
see that look at that my handsome
teenage father oh my god news anchor
there - he's just always and he's
smiling what he's angry and this is his
mother Dorothy green uh yeah that was
his mom and this is my grandfather my
papa this is when he was in the military
we're gonna go to another picture of him
later in his life this is when he would
after he was paralyzed and started doing
a lot of like work with drawing and all
that stuff so right there we have dad
and mom look at mom holy crap and look
at dad
he's got freaky colour to his hair I
hope that was dye or like was going on
there oh my god that is us as babies
look at me my little choo-choo over
Michael your
cute this is the other I'm not in this
picture but I wanted to include it
because that is trailwood there's 5433
street oh there's little baby Michael
and a freak couldn't read in and I can't
read now oh and this is also trailwood
oh my god Michael eating as usual his
fat belly pokin out so cute
Elia I'm looking at the cake oh my god
blow out the candles boy I'm hungry look
at that that is trailwood from the
frigging I think 70s or early eighties
now this right here is actually if you
look in the corner this picture you see
it's cut off mom clipped it cuz this was
the picture you can see butter smeared
against the wall when somebody ate dad's
cheese oh my god mom cut the freaking
butter right out of the picture can you
believe it and look how freaking home
slovenly we were all look a little
pickle boy oh my gosh he's so cute I
think I was like a like a like I'm just
chillin like a thug chilling in the snow
leave this snowman time look a big my
head look at that my I had helmet hair
and of course mom has bucket hair right
there I was dumping a bucket of snow
over her I'm pretty sure she actually
drunk in that picture
oh my god oh here's brick oh my god
Bridget we got some brilliant pictures
in here she doesn't know I included any
of these oh look at that
oh you mean you're mad now wait till
wait till a couple minutes from now
Wyatt oh that's a cute one though a
little bridge a way I look kind of cute
there oh you Bridget how about that and
let's get to this one Michael as we are
back back know likely the weapon oh
please somebody God somebody make an
account with this picture no oh that's
cute though ten-year-old Bridget oh so
we're gonna go from Bridget to angry
grandpa now hey look this look how big
he was in this picture holy crap it's
tremendously amount of weight he's lost
it he was actually in a wheelchair in
that picture
and this is back with dad actually sold
boiled peanuts and you see somebody was
getting pizza delivered thank God I'll
make a peanut but I want beef this was
back in those days this is the peanut
days we always had all kinds of peanut
wagons that's crazy
he's pretty crazy to see all this look
at that hot boiled peanuts let's get a
close-up a dad's face actually I want to
see what dad's oh my god a peanut
okay this is the angriest pickle you
people want to think the videos are fake
look at this picture well I got a see
close-up of that look at it I'm like you
I'm pushy every day you'll take my
picture yeah my face oh my goodness man
okay this is being my slip now face oh
my god you have that still oh yeah look
at that rock and roll bruh I'm so cool
whoa oh my god by the way if you're
wondering what my hand is doing in this
picture this is my hot phase look at my
hands
oh my god again dude I'm a rocker I've
never disses me Charles II Kim and I
don't know what I was doing I was just
wanted to be part of the photo so I
included myself
oh so this right here is around the time
that dad actually got in that surgery
and actually died on the operating table
so this is us at the hospital and it's
gonna look like we're having like some
fun in the pictures as you can see this
is when Dad was actually in the
operation and you're gonna think that we
weren't taking it as seriously as we
were because some of the pictures but
really it was just really hard to like
process all this and we were trying to
keep a straight face as best as we could
Kim had come down she hadn't seen dad
you know in years and so she came down
because they thought dad was gonna die
and so you know it was actually real a
really hard time so that's the pictures
this is all that I had there's plenty
more to go I couldn't find them but
thanks for watching you guys this is the
Back to the Future vlog kick me on
account I got love them
so that's it for all the pictures thanks
for watching you guys hope you liked
them and oh that is me when I tried to
dye my hair blonde and it turned out red
so anyway that's gonna be it for today
you guys I hope you like the pictures I
realize that it's not a typical vlog but
it's not a typical day its Back to the
Future day so your food I was like to
say your future hasn't been written yet
but yeah that was really corny and I
apologize for even thinking it listen
this vlog you guys back to the future
style thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe Great Scott and that's it
