what's going on you guys get me out of
camera here oh my god knows summary what
are you doing
West lightbulb out so bridges just
knocked into me for the intro for just
here let's redo it so you don't I'm not
keeping that Michael I'm not keeping it
oh you're making my cynicism grow hold
on calm down what's going on you guys
today is Tuesday and today we're going
to Walmart pickleboy be cooking carve a
pumpkin we're not carving the pumpkin
you had to put that in the intro
tomorrow come on
today is Tuesday and today we're going
to Walmart we making gummy bears we
cooking something we don't know yeah I
was gonna say we're cooking awesome you
don't carve a pumpkin why do you keep
saying that I have a carving
I'm not doing the pumpkin can you please
do it tomorrow I don't want to keep that
end the vlog I please everyone I like I
bought these pumpkins I want to carve
them I can't even yesterday if you
haven't seen my video I uploaded a vlog
called pickle boys a cynical asshole
because my blinding cynicism is driving
me crazy because everything's got to be
a big issue and I got to be a piece of
crap know that episode of South Park
where Stan thinks everything is like
shit that's Michael
everything is just shit you know kunio
breath yeah including me I'm shit -
anyway I don't want to prolong this
intro any longer let's get this Tuesday
started nothing style Walmart I'll
something style cooking style you say
cooking yeah I like cooking but I put a
tee and just just me fucked up talking
you couldn't speak correctly trying now
I really did you meant to say talking
cooking what are you cooking and what is
that relate to with the tea I was just
changing the letter sorry you misspoke
you're trying to
away with it woman everything what's
going on you guys so Michael is sick and
I'm making him soup
Wow
who's this about you soup oh god I'm
hungry
how you feeling just had a headache I
don't really feel meeting soup oh it's
so cute though and it's your favorite
hmm oh don't you microwave for 30
minutes that's it
geez yeah it's like warm and hot and
cold at the same time
spoons hot soups cold juice is warm
weird should i microwave it again I'm
blonde okay what time is it
I miss midnight crap I know I didn't
film anything we didn't go to Walmart
get cook I don't never fall asleep
cancel your soup
you're gonna hope I gotta hold the bowl
while you feed yourself well I didn't
mean to sleep till midnight
however that does mean I can start the
Back to the Future trilogy 1 2 & 3
because it is October the 21st by the
way my friend Jim who use on the New
York vlogs and who I went to the Royal
Rumble with in Philadelphia etc he made
a picture celebrating October 21st 2015
look at this and my other friend from
the New York vlog AJ text to me another
idea that I could use to describe my
cynicism and which was inspired by South
Park check this out so I was watching
new American whores and I don't okay
Bridget hold on so earlier when I was
doing this thing with the vote though
and I poked at it I must have broken it
Bridget oh my goodness try turning it on
see what happens I can't even believe
this oh my god this this is your fault
so you know no that was your fault try
plugging it back in we have other light
bulbs somewhere oh god that sounds what
the cloud we're trying to fix the light
bud Oh try the light now good let me
don't touch it don't touch oh my gosh ah
shocked that's not a thing prank hmm
you scared me God Oh balls luck right
crap
that's crazy Wells trying the light bulb
can't tell from all right give it a try
let there be light my crap weight would
happen are you serious I don't what Oh
what is happening do that goes oh come
on all right Thomas are you
yeah it's me let there be light
well as you can tell this is Al a vlog
in fact it's so late but some of you
might have thought that I'm not even
uploading a vlog today which I've been
trying to do longer vlogs but the thing
is after did the intro earlier I went to
sleep that's why I didn't go to Walmart
that's why I didn't cook that's why I
did nothing cuz I slept I was just not
feeling very well today so I fell asleep
and that was my day that's why the vlog
went from daylight to starting back in
the nighttime and that's why it's so
short and my apologies however I didn't
want to take a minute to talk to you
guys about tomorrow now tomorrow still
going to be is going to be another short
vlog but it's for a specific reason
because tomorrow is October 21st 2015
damn did a dent in that Dan - the dad
that's the my version of the the Back to
the Future theme I did not pull that off
very well tomorrow is the Back to the
Future day and I decided I wanted to do
something with the past and I couldn't
get my hands on any family videos
because no more exist however I could
get my hands on some family photos so
click like if you want tomorrow's vlog
to be devoted to old family photographs
some you may have seen some you may not
have seen some of them have grandpa when
he was like 550 to 600 pounds so click
like if you want that to be tomorrow's
video and boom
we're going back to the future or back
to the look I'm just trying to use the
title I want to use the title back to
the future also we got some old pictures
of Bridget now you're gonna get a good
laugh about that there's gonna be plenty
of fake account below making comments
and with Bridget old picture no wait
young Ridgid alone young Piggott incest
here
so that's tomorrow I wanted to do
something special for October the
Tucker's so click like if you're
interested in oh my god and that's gonna
be it
thanks for watching today you guys sorry
it's so short sorry it's so late sorry
it's so lame sorry I slept all day sorry
I'm so stupid so ours has much gray hair
you like soup I made Bridget if you
consider just a can of soup that you
lukewarm microwave soup
maybe something special in it for you
dude like mayonnaise Orson's kidding I
would have known how's the waffle I'm
watching the video now no I'm kidding I
didn't really do like subscribe favorite
I have a headache I meant everything now
oh my god why
