what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here for just here right okay why
do you lie this is fun yeah what god I
knew like we're almost right away that
you were bullshit me
I missed you guys today is Monday and
today is that's it it's Monday and it's
kind of cold and I'm right now saving
the Monday mailbag video for grandpa's
birthday and that thing is 30 minutes
long we couldn't get to every letter
there was so much stuff there's more
stuff for next week there was so much
stuff that we couldn't get to everybody
but he has been reading every one of
your letters and he really appreciates
everything you guys are saying and
everything you're sending and it's you
know it's very cool you guys really show
them you love them it's awesome thank
you guys for doing that so today is
Monday and today we got a bark box
barking you did it anyway we're gonna
get our Monday start I'm gonna have some
fun with the dogs we're gonna get some
pop rocks we're gonna open that up my
bike is better than yours my bark is way
back are you high let's get this Monday
started I see you look at this Monday
started we got us a new toaster oven
today look at this thing Richard see how
it looks cool Ritchie was like I'm
afraid to use it because it's gonna
spark in the outlet like I'm pretty sure
they make it to be plugged in and used
like you don't got to worry about it
pretty sure that's okay you're the wires
and mouse that's the interesting thing
happening right now we got a new toaster
oven mm-hm
right Clyde Clyde taffy okay I'm trying
to filming these too fast there I had to
wait for Clyde to settle down so I can
film in his little punk
I can't tell if he's faking being asleep
let's almost look at the eyes open but
he's like sake just leave me alone
fill me in this stupid thing like get
out of my face Debbie I hate it in you
and here's Bell's little costume what is
this Bridget they hate it look at this
well yeah
Laci loves you got lazy over there just
like chillin yeah and here's Bella why
am I wearing this cute isn't that one
you know why don't you like your bell
you're cute in this thing if you can't
tell Bella I'm trying to be a little
more positive instead of being so
cynical
you like it you want me to tell
everybody about that no I'm not gonna be
a cynical asshole anymore so lately I've
noticed in my life and I hope I if I've
done it on vlogs or anything but I've
noticed that I'm kind of a cynical
asshole I'm very cynical the cynicism is
ruining my life everything has got to be
horrible everything has got to be bad so
I'm trying to make positive changes in
my life to stop being so cynical and
negative and an asshole I you know I
feel like you're just like this thing we
had this you know when you called me a
dog I was kind of like a dog I just feel
like everything's got to be a problem
and everything's got it you know it's
got to be a big issue you don't check it
check this out these are some examples
of my cynicism in cinematic fashion
cinematic cynicism
he might go let's go shopping hey you
wanna watch a new I'm Sandler movie hey
you want to go walking today or could
even be something as simple as this
American Horror Story more like American
horrible story so those are just some
examples I'm trying to make changes I'm
a cynical asshole I want to fix it I
still love you babe
well I would hope so thank you I fell in
love with your cynical ass
you're a little cynical too so yeah we
both gotta walk with our cynicism
together folks I'm trying to make a
change
pickle boys happy pickle boys not so
cynical I'm trying to fix it well okay
that was cynical of man but I'm really
pissed off right now
well it's time for Mom
which is a monthly crepe for dogs so we
open it up so I guess the way we'll do
this Bridget is I'll take out something
I'll give it to one dog take out
something else give it to another okay
first things first
Clyde
so like a bottle material no I think I
think Bella wants that one won't give
her okay norm I'd oh my gosh come here
and this is for Bella and this is a big
Dracula thing oh my god okay but look
alright okay ladies everybody you're
next oh my god just so cute oh it goes
with three toys that's copy toys
dog dog dog yeah that's pretty cool you
love that thing go up butcher's block
bones its abode oh my goodness
no grandeurs New York jerky Vikas the
last thing is fake bites
oh so that's barf Fox the dogs got
themselves a box today came with three
toys two packs of treats and a bone so
this is a perfect up perfect box for us
three dogs because of Sunda for each of
them that is so cute love that right now
we are on our way to walk inside Target
and I got to look like a freak
because I am wearing hoody and shorts I
look like a freak no leave this Bridget
we have reached the epitome of pumpkin
spice now are you serious yeah I want to
try it I bet it's so good everything
pumpkin spice it's enough already
I've never seen ever before
yeah and it's not to be my house my god
this is the kind of crab that Bridget
stop store this is so cute blanket oh my
god Bridget look at this
okay we got spooky good Halloween deals
and it's beginning to look a lot like
Christmas how does that a thing who this
Halloween Christmas
I know oh my gosh it does there's like a
duster I got home just in time to set
them from Dancing with the Stars
recording I'm gonna cook a frozen pizza
and the new toaster oven and watch
people dance okay I don't know if this
is telling us that we have to hit start
or well it's already preheated s from
the same so okay and it's counting down
16 minutes you smell anything wait for
Shore
I don't know no I'm just saying why are
you worried that it's gonna freakin melt
I don't know because it's so close to
the one wire and Bridget do you think
when people oh you're scaring me now
hold this I'm scared dude I don't want
to freaking burn down okay I smell
burning plastic
seriously yeah smell of here like oh
please you tell me be honest I am smell
it smell it you don't smell the fire
it's on fire yeah I think I smell it now
look in the reflection right there I
smell it look at the reflection on the
side there no joking
it's cooking your pizza leave it be well
that's gonna be it for today you guys
thanks for watching hopefully I can stop
being so cynical that was me being a
little cynical right there I was judging
what she said like that's stupid I hate
it
stop being so cynical
earlier earlier cynical Michael's
cutting bridgett off that's one of the
steps to stop being senticles to
acknowledge when you're being cynical so
you just have to accept your typical I'm
being interrupted and I don't like it I
know that's cynical but stop so so
cynical
sometimes I'm just being an asshole
there's a definition being an asshole or
a lazy and being cynical and some of
that stuff maybe with more less cynical
more piece of shit asshole
anyway take a look at some of the
outtakes some of the extra stuff some
extra cynical stuff that I didn't use
check this out
and some extended stuff because that
steam went on a little longer so I was
out hey Michael let's go shopping
do you want to go with the teriyaki
Devin okay
hey big volunteer yaki the client has
right now great today it was right here
and he grabs it and moved over here
please get it this is not an example of
cynicism I just want the teriyaki picked
up please oh gosh I was kind of cynical
I hurt my finger doing that thing okay
you wanna go to my mom's house
okay I don't feel good
everything cool Bella just hoarding some
skids I have to go the vet later will
you come anyway I'm gonna get out of
here you guys it is called it is very
cold tonight where's the temperature
like 50 right now
I don't seem that bad it's freezing
though it feels like 45 or something
no pretty that is it's the sky at me
okay
Seneca I was pretty cynical I'm gonna
get out of here you guys thanks I'm
gonna get out of here I want to get out
of here thanks for watching my beautiful
Lord it's not I can find beauty it's
just the sky like subscribe favorite ok
I gotta do my outro love you guys
following on everything hey yeah not
everything for to us where are you going
don't with it
that's fine I remember it I remember my
dad
