what's going on you guys kick me out of
camera here for you is here right there
she's at home sleeping
oh so you're portraying Bridget down
let's film it hello Bridget
hi you grew a beard quick that's good I
love you Mike I know what it like you
know I'm not keep it on me I know it's
pretty today is Sunday and today is
Sunday dinner with Grandpa what are you
doing with us how you liking your truck
love the truck you know we need now we
need a camper behind a camper yeah
you're trying to get something actually
what you're different you you found the
way we'd outdo myself well the camera
needs to pull something the trying to
pull something yeah if you put a camper
we go camping with Grandpa videos camp
and Grandpa well one thing that I don't
have you noticed in the truck but a lot
of people pointing it out there are
cigarette butts all in the aisle you all
say that where'd it come from
yeah well a lot of people said it's
because of you uh me here's what you got
to do you're going to call Jenny and
Jamie it's been parked at their house
for two weeks so I think they've been
riding around in your damn truck is that
why you had like a hundred something
miles on it what had like 140 miles on
it are you you're joking I'm serious
well you gotta say something about that
because that is ridiculous actually hey
I didn't have it barely any miles when I
got it
well the neighbors drive my truck around
we're drawn to Columbia look what the
hell
Hey ah I understand my troubles at your
house two weeks
can you explain all cigarette butts in
my van my truck you're driving my truck
but with my truck where did you freaking
go dude there was like a hundred dollars
there 140 miles that damn thing in my
truck my brand-new truck that I never
drove I'm more flattering as she drove
to Myrtle Beach Shepard I am too but
she's not even saw Murphy
can you leave to apologize for smoking
in my truck
well your apology accepted don't do it
again goodbye
I don't have honor you did she's right
there still oh hell with that sitting
here with Grandpa he's peeling potatoes
and you go cut your damn hand off this
car's not working with you tater boy
freaking knife looks like a Freddy
Krueger call I put a whole damn say yes
to that pot is way too small
all right
would you get these formulas to your
field you wash them right yeah there's
not five more the other day I was at
your house and I told everybody click
like if they wanted to see your dog's
well as time you want to know how many
they clicked
how many click about thirty five
thousand likes was it my dog yeah due to
my babies
so here they are they are so pretty dad
yeah and there's my babies and they're
so quick my baby's gonna come enjoy this
down here daddy go stay with you good
daddy be with you today
yeah with Daddy go to jail yeah good hey
Atticus yeah babe I I've been in here
for a little while they just been
playing for hours Angie Congrats
Atticus my haven't had him too long so
he still you can use to me thumbnail
that is a thumbnail yeah hit him a
beating
oh so precious that's Atticus he's my
big boy
oh and yeah Annabelle her my girl come
here
yes you know she's only six months old
that's about six seven months old really
that's all oh wow that is precious dad
you won't get Atticus to do that yet I
know the monkey will though is really
close he just more a little bigger to
get more social have you introduced him
to Hannah yet at Jennifer's house that's
yet for those of you wondering where
Hannah is I've set it on vlog before but
before Dad boot from his trailer park
they said that he had to get rid of hand
everybody fit me they were gonna kick
him out that is about the moment that I
decided to get dad a new house I was
like you know what I moved him into the
new house and I told him hey now you can
get Hannah back because when he was
living with the trailer he had to give
it to my sister and they fell in love
with Hannah obviously because hand is
beautiful and so my sister has Hannah
mom Hannah is happy and she loves doing
the kids love it and so I'm really happy
you got dogs dad because I know you love
them I was gonna get you something I was
gonna get you solid white German shit
German Shepherd we really
yeah at least one so when did you get
the dog well move back into the house
huh well I was looking for for even for
them but I found them on Craigslist one
was in one part of South Carolina bones
another part so once I moved back in
houses bucket when got them and kept
them in the room as you come over they
almost came yet though you were parking
one day the what they started bar I had
to go back there tell me be quiet
are you serious yeah you run through the
house bargain like a goddamn dog and
they were and a depilatory tomato I bet
that was the day you rushed me out of
the house for a quick yeah you like
Chartres showing nowaday I didn't film
it so I walk into grandpa's house doing
the bark oh it does work on I know it oh
ha ha ha ha though a CAG is way out here
please
ok oh so dad just sort of going apeshit
on me yeah I don't want you here anymore
get out so I left I was confused I got
kicked out I didn't know why and now I
learned it's because they were freaking
making noise yeah what has been given
start barking I've gotta get out I don't
want you found yet ok we are starting a
fire
the expectations in reality yeah but did
you do this no that's gonna go back in
there if your back fires and blows up
your hand it's almost like you're on
fire with the dog do your mom pose
hey Dad scream like you're on fire
Danis just getting dangerous playtime's
over my house burning dad may just
Harlow get NASA what Fire Department
were you part of again amazing God were
you thinking with his paw hair like a
burning inferno the crack house burn
eternal holy crap dad
yeah than dad was always in panic mode
you're like hey pictures
Charlie look how black the roof is now
from it the camera it isn't filming it
because the camera picks up better light
but this roof is dark and there was dad
trying to get a thumbnail for the video
getting closer to the firewalls burning
his house you were telling me to if I
told you to jump off a bridge would you
do it
no most feels like it's gonna get
dangerous again actually okay yeah
that's the thing to do disturb the fire
one funny one landed there good probably
is it is back away from it already do
come on man you're messing around too
much charges and dad not look like it's
part of Armageddon in something Diablos
Jesus Christ
