what's going on you guys Kibby on a
camera here bridge west here right there
and bridget is wearing a mcjuggernuggets
shirt I'm a juggie why not an anchor
grandpa sure Kelley needle Andre I
couldn't fit in the juggies yard Oh
mcjuggernuggets and I switched some
t-shirts around I sent him an angry
grandpa t-shirt he sent me two juggies
shirts and I asked for a size below what
I wear because I want to lose weight and
fit in it later
Oh Michael but until then I gotta
continue wearing fat guy shirts oh god
you're not fat so today is angry
grandpa's birthday and today we're going
to angry Grandpa's house to celebrate it
and by the time you've seen this you
would have seen that I posted it on
Twitter I gave him a truck well what the
I got anger grandpa a truck because his
van wasn't working we were taking him
all the time
places that needed to go not that that's
why I got him a truck actually I don't
know I really think he did something do
you think he sold it I don't know where
dad's Banias whatever it is I bet he
stole that you probably wanted to get a
truck and you got it
doesn't my car know I'm vlogging right
so so real quick I just want to show it
to you this is the t-shirt that
mcjuggernuggets hit me juggy
for life buddy hand on the heart also
these are the angry grandpa shirts that
we have in the store now as you can see
a lot of the complaints that we had
before or that it said you can all kiss
my fat ass so we removed that from the
shirt there it is just the logo of
course the angry grandpa show on the bag
so these are the shirts mcjuggernuggets
angry grandpa together as one what is
going to funny dude look at all these
cars oh my god Oh what's going on at
Walmart somebody celebrating dad's
birthday hahaha is that what it is you
know I think you might be on to
something
is this the best spot we can get dude if
that is I'm freaking done why are you
why are we buying water your dad likes
water he has a faucet hey he has a hose
yes cups that's so funny
so what is your dad making so okay
he calls it Frogmore stew what is that
I'm not even mad it's freaking my crabs
and shrimps and sausage and potatoes
sausage appetizing I could go for but
it's boiled in seafood yeah so naughty
you Matt hamburgers other fleet tries
and chips and crap okay Frogmore stew
dough I might try that actually sounds
kind of good no I'm not ain't no
Frogmore stew hamburgers
man this has bad news written all over
it
what this is bad news written all over
it
Oh watch out buddy boy all right ah
fucking fingers
how's that infirmities goddamn I told
you but I didn't think about that all
right goddamn come in who food just
stink it fucking stinks man I steamed up
you go ahead and talk about this
smelling of his food I'll get him - it
hot boy just burped I got Danny finger
finger I can't see you man shake it you
like it oh yeah you can puff away man
shit yeah
oh you are funny oh dude it looks like
garbage
oh yeah oh yeah I'm not gonna eat it
general Dyer table did we not just
discuss me not eating it thinking the
hell away from it now what it's October
16th and I wanted to get you here I
asked you a question how does it feel to
be 65 you brought me all the way over
here just to ask me that you could ask
me that over there oh the party's over
there I want to come over here and talk
to you I want to talk to you privately
yeah how does it feel to be 65 I'm old
goddamn no come on you're still young
I'm ready but goddamn nursing home now
oh you were not that old
I'm ready about nursing home now wait a
one what Jesus Christ man you later
damn what do you think man I like that
new car smell
I don't like it - this is nice man I
ain't lying
well happy birthday dad what you don't
have a van right now want to get you
something you could use some you liked
little shit this is Doug you're in 2000
did you not see the anger grand posture
on the front yeah but you got one yet a
result or two is your spot
happy birthday dad man you can't afford
this whoo you don't worry about what I
can do this is yours you're moving a
badass driver they look at them damn I
would say you don't got to say nothing
just happy birthday pop hey come on dad
hey like you know God is yours you
deserve it so look we do live in where
is your van I'm pretty sure you dumped
that thing in a swamp or something's go
where is the pan it's part of the frizz
out well here you go happy birthday dad
is a 2015 damn what a key you dad you do
too much for me no you can't do too much
what else can you do huh well jeez I
don't know I'm gonna top the house in
the truck what is this music
you'll by the way what you'll by the way
Doug could you help him back up he don't
know what he's doing yeah
I'm I'm recording case we've got a
grandpa destroys somebody else's house
video hey wasn't even sure oh yeah
we'll handle all that trustee
Oh
agree she looks pretty little room huh
for you little room yeah whole colors
may all like that how can be his dad
lets me back into his yard to let them
unwrap presents you're welcome
I like a little river major league
baseball it's got a flip in it I won't
even get the footage you gotta try that
on we gotta try that on yeah Pink Floyd
there you go all right that's it
nananananana oh my gosh all good yeah
signore Bona
I know they are you remember Vani is
well you just rely on us to keep you
cool I knew mr. coffee
Oh real one there's always be the crap
all right
me
shus IQ my buddy you've been in the shoe
collecting phase lately man yeah my
light down and more shoes more to
damn loser Trudy
I'll be stylin and profilin happy
birthday dad thank you Mike hey birthday
we also got a cake inside for you the
Jennifer Brunt
wait till you see this we tried to get
your face on it where do you see how
this turned out we took it to people to
print your face on there and that's what
they gave us and we went back to fix it
and they said they're off their break or
they're off their shift and they're not
going to fix it so that's the cake you
ended up with who was it Jenny mae√≠n
Megan who is that the name of the place
Megan's no fuck what Walmart where are
you sir
there's having a Walmart yes look at
this Cindy look at all these presents
we're here for dad's birthday party oh
my goodness we got to open these up
there what do you think by doing it
Sunday let's do a son man can't wait so
if we put it up for Monday yeah
mail bag birthday money wow you guys
outdid yourself dude Wow
so we are gonna do the mail bag video
tomorrow wait today's Friday we're gonna
do it Sunday an upload up Monday from
Monday mail party chickens Sunday and
open brother we're having Hardee's
chicken Hardee's chicken wait a minute
parties don't sell chicken no more it
started why once one place does here
that's it where's it at up there going
towards Mudge corner going towards monk
score over in Somerville yeah you're
done with that Hardee's by the old
church you're gonna go far for the
chicken that far for freaking fried
chicken yeah
I'll become Hardee's krycek in anyway
garage crispy we haven't had it in so
long I'm excited for Sunday dinner now
and opening presents I was gonna act
like I had the flu but I think I'll show
up for that one and opening presents
well dad happy birthday
perfect I give you a happy birthday son
hey my heart ache oh my god they don't
kiss me one time a year I can show
affection
