shit somewhere fuckin Lego please come
back I know he can come on he really
tried you're not he really tried he
ruined a lot of food you couldn't like
get him a burger or something I mean I
me the goddamn burger from Bridget
you'll me go to the gals get some of it
I mean he does so much for you though
you want me to go to me dog gets down at
this point I don't have a burger here
I got no meat here I got new nothing
here now you go ahead out of here
Michael yes he said yeah I said no he
said ya know already emasculated I
looked like a bitch now I never mouth
feed you at all okay this is so stupid
Michael why you to flip out like that so
now it's my fault
it's good good needs to say beware of
dumb then they'll be whereas this is
ridiculous this is not fair dad whose
side are you on
whose birthday is but I'm your
daughter's birthdays and that's my
boyfriend
come on Michael Levitas over there
eating crab like you don't give a shit
about nobody yeah okay they're laughing
dude I hear it they're all making fun of
me over there
you've been asked to leave come on can I
not come into my own father's house no
sweetie this whole thing I invited every
one of them who make it fun to me right
now stop making fun of Michael funny it
might be while grandpa invited me no why
you're crazy there is more food than I
didn't destroy so what Dad can just do
whatever he wants Wow
Michael come on up are you ready Bridget
let's go Michael I want to say yeah so
what am I supposed to do walk into the
front way to say it in front of freaking
mr. Fixit here he's gonna be waiting for
me oh you're satisfied that you do you
like knowing you can beat my ass you
like that dude
come on need to go why can't ask you the
light I can't see anything you like
knowing you could beat my ass don't you
he doesn't you could try Doug you
wouldn't get very far if he did how
about that you see oh god what oh my god
yeah what is this you have hot dog buns
I can adopt let's exit you put the fish
in butter hamburger buns you put the
fish on room with a little tartar sauce
do you have this is okay with you have
fun
I'm sorry I apologize oh my birthday
party so just so just admit that's what
this is about
well that's what it's about you just
didn't want me to have it at my birthday
party
well I had my question answer today you
have dogs yeah I do of them to look and
what are their names again Annabelle and
then the other was Atticus Adams and
they're not brother and sister so why
would you hide them for so long go to my
dog not yours you're vile I did and why
haven't you be telling me not to film
them today good out of what my dog no
film why cuz I don't want to go videos
that's not life how about this how about
I asked everybody to click like if you
want to see the dogs dead it will do my
dogs and what if they all cook like well
I guess I'll see my dog ok click like if
you want to see Annabelle and Atticus
they you saw a glimpse of them they saw
him in the video I filmed some of them
what they were there running around the
yard nobody could love dogs
dude I wasn't deliberately filming them
I'm sorry Oh Phil my dog I'm not ok calm
down
I'm not trying to phone out again oh you
won't get on again who's gonna do it
charlie
yeah does not here well laugh dude he
wants
I do whatever top tells me to do there
you go
