what's going on you guys kid me on a
camera here chilling here that's right
look at this we did it again a couple of
Shannon's out on the town I understand
sharp you're new to the newer ones
there's not the newer ones these are
newer yeah this has to kiss my fat ass
the ones don't
Oh today is Thursday and today I'm gonna
tell my throwback Thursday story where
my grandma forced me to eat fish sticks
at the table it was a war it was a
standoff it was a war and I wasn't gonna
lose you got to hear this story
it's crazy maybe was not crazy but it is
funny still playing with a new camera
today hopefully this looks a little
better I actually have the settings set
back to the settings of the other camera
so we'll see if that helps it out today
a little bit hopefully hopefully cuz I
really like this camera me too
hey nothing else we can do the intros on
that and the other scenes on the other
one yeah look at this angle of me that
can work hey let's go to Olive Garden
Oh my favorite place in the whole world
yeah why cuz I want to go to Olive
Garden
Neverending boss is still in town I know
it's limited we should go I could get
four pastas today all right I can get
seven God what gluttony is a sin oh four
pastas though and dessert forget
lollygag and forget all this let's get
well I wasn't really facially animated I
forget all this anyway oh my god yeah
it's anyone to know that yeah anyway mmm
let me do normal anyway let's get it I
don't like it let's get this doors they
started a garden style oh I just got my
first pasta and all of ours
me too Grizz looks pretty good oh yeah
it's the featured on pay attention to
the next one because it's gonna be
smaller never get a third I didn't look
at this I you know oh my god the third
is so cute it's like a baby portion is
better Cheney yeah the spoon really
helps me thank you
fettuccine noodles with meat sauce and
meatballs looks awesome what'd you get
I got ready Tony pesto Alfredo
and chicken Preta I'm not two pastas now
oh oh and two forks
hey again my god whatever I want a
meatball mm-hmm so this was also like
seriously a lot bigger than I was of me
I'm fat bike to the finish it I mean
it's crazy when a fat kid can't finish
couldn't finish them so we need to order
another one just so you can see the
smaller portion but other mannequin
I don't want your camera I don't even
want to go to a bookstore now so we have
to I know we really do I can't even you
got it all right
hello closer a little closer today in my
hand we just got done eating Olive
Garden I only had one bowl of pasta my
never ending pasta bowl was the one
ending pasta bowl yeah it's mine - I
didn't even freaking finish half of it
and I'm super full and we got to go to
the mall let's just wait on that play
now we're going buck store Oh miserably
foldout gotta go to the bookstore and
then we're gonna go home and I'm gonna
go to sleep on the couch
oh my god I'm gonna go to sleep too I
think no I'm going to sleep on couch I'm
going to sleep on the couch style not
you nope
so we're parked outside wait it's a
volume in the Maz class
do it again
what do you got take a shit like what is
going on yeah I their bathroom in there
oh look how small this mall is compared
to one
I know this is like a freaking shopping
center she's at this is our mall
we are outside filming a little fall
tree right Bridget look at this tree
point how long we gonna be here no my
bag is empty right now we're okay you
look at everything you've smelled
everything can we go no ooo please go
Michael can we please go come on smell
this
since no it does it's my favorite you
know we've been in here for 20 minutes
Bridget and we haven't gotten past that
tree yet stop so I'm just sitting here
Bridget is shopping still they brought
it back it's good this has been my life
for almost an hour
shut up and my bath & Bodyworks smell I
only got three things with the sued one
for I walk within here does anybody else
go through this what wait what for two
hours oh my god love in that how long's
it been like 30 minutes this is just are
you ready
maybe some uh some of that stuff dude
are we ready
I'm not done well they have stuff for
man not right now you need this stuff
cuz you stink honestly wake me up in an
hour keep you honest unlike burn here
turn this way
vigilant here you notice on the intro
right right now we just left
books-a-million and we are at Toys R Us
I don't know how why you can hear me
because of the wind blowing right now
but we're at Toys R Us I milkis
wrestling stuff and then we're going to
ollie when I go into Ali's come on
don't see if their paintings will say
WrestleMania that's so cool Network
there must be some magic
- one more
he said
we love
what else do you see
anything else
and smooth
your new bike we should get you this
bike you know what water running this
thing I think you say I think you would
a little basket it's your favorite color
see green what are you doing
God just walking tomorrow
okay yeah we are at all these virgins
what accident are you gonna be much
longer
like oh I'm shopping for your father for
his birthday
we're trying to get into one of these
Michael well we're back fellas you
missed me while we were gone no we just
got back I'm exhausted
I'll show you how to tell my throwback
so you guys don't care do you
they don't care that we're back well
anyway that's almost gonna be it for
today you guys but before I get out of
here I told you guys I would tell my
throwback Thursday story the story of
the time that my grandma fed me fish
sticks or tried to feed me fish sticks
and I wasn't having it man
I wanted nothing to do with those fish
sticks and I did not sound right though
fish sticks I wanted nothing to do with
those fish sticks so I think this was
like 1994 1995 I was a child we lived in
my grandmother at a little town called
swamp sea South Carolina and grandma for
dinner that night made everybody seafood
and I don't eat seafood I never have
eaten seafood it's never I don't know
what it is
I just don't like it you know I grew up
on it and after a period of time I was
like the hell with seafood I don't like
it so she made fish sticks and I hate
fish sticks and she knew that I hated
fish sticks and she didn't care so it
came down to a moment of defiance I said
I don't want I'm I don't eat fish sticks
I want something else I was a rude
little bastard I'll admit it
I don't want this hey bitch Nix grandma
green one having it you're gonna eat
those fish sticks you little bastard
you'll eat every one of them one and
course dad Marvin you better heed every
one of them fish sticks right now boy
you ain't getting it from the table
until you do
now when Dad said that I couldn't get up
from the table until I did I don't know
if that's something that he knew grandma
was gonna say or if that's something
that she's done before but it sparked it
resonated with her and she was sticking
to it I was not gonna get up from that
table until I ate the fish sticks
so I sat there we ate dinner at five
o'clock and come six o'clock I'm
standing on one side of the table
sitting down in grandma's across from me
staring at me and we stood there at a
standstill for an entire hour and I
didn't eat them and she wasn't budging
either neither of us were getting up at
one point I had my moment of defiance I
said the hell with this what can she do
so I went to get up and she smacked me
in the face for the flyswatter a
flyswatter BAM right in the face you
better sit your little ass down you
ain't getting up to you eat those fish
dicks I'm still sitting there from 5
o'clock to 9 o'clock because I wouldn't
eat fish sticks because I don't like him
I did I hate them have a little respect
I would try to eat the fish sticks in
our gag let me just try wasn't working I
don't like them
I tried can I get up to spare you the
boredom of learning that I sat there for
so long
I went from 5 o'clock to midnight 12
o'clock
without touching the fish sticks and
without her moving and she had to go to
bed so she looked at dad you better make
him not move until he stills damn fish
sticks ain't nobody going to bed so dad
was tired of it we were all tired of it
I just want to go to frickin bed so dad
the sink that he is ate the fish sticks
for me but that's the story grandma made
fish sticks and she was a defiant woman
she was not gonna let me get up until I
ate him and I never ate him i sat there
till midnight finally dad ate him and
dad being dad made me potato soup so I
wouldn't starve that night thanks dad
grandma green she fucking just let me
get up
discard me anyway that's going to be it
for today you guys I'm going to get out
of here we were gone a long time today
ridiculous we at one point went to
Target and it didn't fit in with the
rest of the vlog so I didn't include it
but check this out this is when Bridget
got jammed in between two displays at
Target guys Michael Vaughn solo yeah I
want to look like all the dudes do not
get through Oh way to make a spectacle
yourself I'm sorry it does have a key
tomorrow is grandpa's birthday party
we're gonna open her presents he's gonna
open the presents that you send um we're
gonna have some dinner I actually got
him something and Michael thinks that
grandpa won't like it but I think he
will it's so cool we'll see it's cool I
really think you would like it swimming
way thanks for watching you guys long
tiresome day but I'm gonna get honey
here sticks yeah okay but we better not
have a repeat tomorrow because he's
having seafood and I don't need it I'm
not sitting at the table until dad lets
me up wait why did I say you I actually
like sitting like subscribe favorite and
that's it I found everything for John
hey I'm not done I gotta do something to
them I found everything but you I forgot
