what's going on you guys kid be on a
camera here no Bridget west here because
I'm starting this vlog at 12:30 in the
morning the reason that I'm starting the
vlog of 12:30 is because I wanted to
take a little bit of time to play with
this camera I wanted to try to get the
quality way up I got the new memory card
that I was telling you guys about
yesterday now I'm gonna try it out I'm
testing it out today starting with this
vlog so I want to know how does it look
does it look better how did my eyebrows
look focus yesterday was admittedly a
shorter vlog because the quality was
just all over the place as I'm sure you
guys noticed at one point at one point
it was low-quality on another point it
was high quality it sucked
I hated it however I did slide down the
stairs let's take a moment to remember
that in slow motion
yeah my ass felt every stair and it
didn't feel good my ass is still sore
and of course that's gonna go into
everybody saying that pickle wood plays
with dildos ah just sitting there trying
to vlog and next thing you know Felix is
licking my hand I was like oh god
there's a monster or a rat in the house
okay hi so anyway I'm just starting this
vlog off late 12:30 early really I'm
starting the vlog off early so I can
hopefully number one to try to get you
guys a longer vlog number two so I can
play with the cameras and number three
because there's nothing else to do at
12:30 bridges asleep there's nothing to
watch it on board so let's get this
Wednesday start at 12:30 in the morning
style
this right here is the worst part about
dieting it's ridiculous dieting trying
to lose weight whatever so you starve to
death
when late-night hits right now I want to
freaking eat it's for 19 in the morning
that says for 20 and that says for 19 do
you tell them I'm exhausted people of
filming frickin clocks oh now it's 4:20
wait no that would 4:20 all along I'm
losing it right now I'm just using the
camera playing around with it trying to
see if these chairs look any better they
look any more HD with this camera I
don't know if they do or not just
testing it anyway though just do it some
more testing with the camera filming the
golden play button just to skew it oh my
God look my head in that thing it's that
funhouse effect
oh it's normal now there we go
I know a lot of you probably like what
the hell is he filming right now he's
talking about diets and chairs and play
buttons and now he's babbling
that's because it's now 5 o'clock in the
morning it's time for sleep I'm
exhausted and I'm vlogging for some
reason insomnia folks insomnia dad's
birthday is coming up very soon I can't
wait for you guys to see the present
that I got for him I can't wait for him
to see the present that I got for him
it's pretty good I'm gonna have my
birthday party going to invite some
people over gonna have moisture 'z which
I don't like seafood so hopefully we can
get some other stuff burgers hot dogs I
don't eat seafood because I was forced
to eat it growing up all me and my
grandma had an infamous battle between
me versus fish sticks if you want to
hear that story click the like button
and I will tell of a throwback Thursday
tomorrow she fed me fish sticks I
wouldn't eat the
fish sticks and the battle lasted a long
time click like if you want to hear that
story
alright I guess I'm gonna go to bed
goodnight balloon
goodnight balloon it's 5 o'clock in the
morning and I'm talking to frickin
balloons I've lost it
hurry up and turn morning hey there
juggies your pal mcjuggernuggets here
just Canas me a pickle boy I know that a
while hey it's morning Bridge is
confused already do the intro for the
vlog I understand you're out of the
intro guys I got the intro without
Bridget you're welcome
what's going on you guys with dergah
nuggets here that's not the way it goes
you've ruined it
you found it it was shit I can't do all
ok oh look oh Michael just hanging out
hey man chillin out there spot I won't
know we're trying think we're doing for
dinner now I'm not just chilling you're
hanging out you got nothing else to do
so how about this wore my glasses
I ain't even in two days I think Clyde
got two I don't I'm just kidding I
didn't draw or something I hope I can't
see
all the cameras there I mean no wired
liar
seriously oh where are my glasses and
what are we having for dinner chili or
chicken parm chili or chicken parm is
one of those yeah that's what I'm
craving one or the other about biscuits
biscuits with egg and swallow uh was a
joke okay
oh my god what aids are covered in
whatever that is
Michael he looks purchase Clyde drinking
water on HD those are pumps we got a
carb those pumpkin soon I'll Bella just
sneezed on the company's what is this oh
my feet
you mean those yes I was at dad's house
earlier and he gave me some new shoes
dad's got like a sneaker obsession well
that's nice of him yeah he's pretty cool
hey our Eagle Mike so thought of you
install these and got you these I don't
know what's going on with dad but he's
got a new obsession with sneakers and he
thought that I would like these and he's
right these are very nice
he is so bipolar like I don't get it
maybe he's just trying to suck up for a
good birthday party oh here you go Mike
I love you so much I would oh you nailed
it
thanks anyway yeah they are nice it
here we go thank you Oh what lazy Oh
guys yeah I was doing that come here oh
god you don't take my love away oh okay
he go lazy you go what's up what room is
Bella just a toy she's working all day
you wait for me to demonstrate it yeah
the kick of the leg is like don't come
near me feeling she'd be careful okay
recipes feel it what is he doing what to
get you so excited
so one of the issues that I'm having
with editing besides editing it right
next to the TV we're Bridgette playing
The Witcher is the fact that I don't
know I'm it's as fast computer I have
but check out what happens when you're
gonna preview it look at this guys I've
got the intro about Bridgette
you're welcome what's going on you guys
what they're gonna get here that's not
the way it goes you ruined it you have
I'll even that's faster than usually is
good is there a way to speed this up for
anybody that uses Sony Vegas let me know
in the comments and on Twitter is there
a way to speed this stuff up cuz I
really don't know it's I don't know you
know bridges more than I think about it
the more that I think this is like a
bribe I think it is a bribe for a good
birthday seriously he gets me shoes all
of a sudden writing for his birthday two
days what do you think play button it
agrees I agree Michael it's a bride
don't trust the shoes what do you think
shoes we're not a bribe we promise I
don't trust them Bridget I don't trust
those shoes at all fine take them out
not really I want to wear them well
that's gonna be it for today you guys
thanks for watching let me know what you
guys think of the quality if it's not
that good then I'll maybe I'll lower it
if it's the same because I don't really
I'm trying to understand qualities and
it's hard to edit them in Sony Vegas
when like it's hard to for the thing to
preview I get I don't know I'm talking
about anymore I don't either what are
you talking about I barely slept lost my
buddy Sony Vegas Pizza huh I didn't even
say pizza now that's going on in your
head so anyway I'm gonna get out of here
thanks for watching you guys let me know
what you guys think about the new camera
let me go let me know what you guys
think was that a bribe yes because mia
bribed yes there's a poll right beside
my head do you think I'm being bribed
anyway I'm gonna get out of here thanks
for watching you guys
eyes like subscribe favorite if I want
everything I love you guys huh huh Chris
London's here huh so Chris
