what's going on you guys kid get a new
camera here but you must hear right
there I don't know what I look like
because I can't see myself what fine
today is Tuesday and today I'm using the
new camera that flips up hopefully the
quality is just as good as the other one
I don't know it should be it's the same
type of camera just a new generation of
it so it should be better do those birds
not know that I'm vlogging I know I was
about to say that so great we don't have
time for wildlife today now today is
Tuesday which means today is there's
nothing for Tuesday is there um Whitcher
Tuesday how was that supposed to which
heard to what cuz there there's a teen
I'm sorry
the T's don't work that way whitshire
doesn't work for anything Whitcher
Thursday no sure 3:00 today
no does not work horrible I'm in place
eight in the morning right now we're in
the process of planning grandpa's
birthday what I'm gonna get him first
present checking the mail so I can click
what you guys are sending and put it up
a whole bunch is going on I'm not gonna
show any of that I don't think dad has
any access to the Internet but just in
case anyway there's nothing else to talk
about let's get this Tuesday started
Tuesday style new camera style which are
being deleted style I don't think so him
what are you gonna do
oh my god sorry are you okay of a head
so sorry aah oh my god aah why why yeah
I'm sorry
oh hey that's it
you guys you know what you got your
laughs yes I said thank you bye
hey bye no just get out of my face with
this ah I'm sorry I had to that's it
that is it house working because I don't
expand now I expect it okay
okay Michael get out of my business
ah why does that even work I don't know
man it's so funny though hey I'm gonna
drop dead of a heart attack one of these
times yeah you're not stop no God can
have this buddy I'm sorry that's the
last time I swear last time so this has
been our life for two days now and I
expect this gonna be our life for the
next week ah The Witcher
I'm staying in your way okay so we're
going to show you guys the camera okay
let's make sure bridge is still playing
which are rather than trying to scare me
so this is it
yay so now I can do that what's going on
you guys
can't be on a camera here mention look
at myself in the reflection I like the
camera but it is hard to work on these
settings eh it is hard to get really HD
video me tell ya that was a weird
transition I admit it I apologize it was
sort of like supposed to be like
smoothly but just didn't translate very
well with that crap you know it does
look like crap that which we still
haven't cleaned which if you're watching
this and you haven't seen it it is from
the Nutella prank that is not crap what
the hell what do I cover that this is
how about a nice tall glass of shut the
fuck up why is that in our bathroom it's
like somebody's going to come to our
house ask you use the bathroom and
they're going to see a cup that says how
about a nice talking oh you're real
proud of yourself
real proud of yourself what something
quiet for a second
yeah I shouldn't know I don't know the
waiter anymore well that's gonna be a
fillet you guys Bridgette scared me a
bunch of times the quality is a little
better right now all day is been
recording in 29 frames and now it's
pushed up to 60 frames I got to get a
new memory card to get higher quality
video now if I want to save it an eight
and really good HD I need a better
memory card one that's at least 64 gigs
I had a good memory card but it's only
32 gigs I gotta get the same type of
memory card that's 60 I'm not gonna bore
you with any of this I need another
memory card otherwise this camera won't
work for me so the quality is probably
not as good throughout the whole video
it might even fluctuate and go up and
down well yeah I'm very picky I want
good quality vlogs so picky you gotta be
picky so anyway that's gonna be in
Ferndale you guys Bridget want to thank
you for scaring me you're welcome my
eyebrows ain't going back quick enough
oh don't complain they're going back
really quick oh hi mom you know I'm
gonna get out of here you guys I love
the camera I love this flip up I'm glad
you guys got to see what it was like
it's cool I love this shit so hopefully
I can get the quality you better cuz I'm
only using this camera oh that's right I
just put the blurry finger at Bridget it
was really blurry too I know in person
it was weird like how did that happen
with a magic trick here's magic so I'm
gonna get out of here thanks for
watching you guys
shorter vlog than usual but my legs hurt
my ass hurts because I said I slid down
every stair boom boom boom boom boom but
I can't be surprised in slow motion
you happy yes I was so funny
I'm gonna gallier thanks for watching
you guys
boom boom boom like subscribe favorite
fun everything unfollow her from
everything listen to her that's it
