what's going on you guys kid behind a
camera here
they're just here right there sweating
crazy
yeah can I talk today is Monday and
today is you know what day it is I've
been dreading this I am stone ah you got
a stone hard pitch today is the David
bridges Witcher expansion pack comes out
actually go wow I'm now going to delete
the Witcher from the PlayStation because
your screen to my ear apologize fine
no okay I'm playing it comes out like
what so you didn't mean to do it what I
meant to do that
okay one last compromise at least say
maybe you shouldn't have done it
now I I want to express my happiness
about hearts of stone Wow today is
Monday and today as Monday Night Raw no
it is no way Monday Night Raw no with
eight yes it is the only stone is
getting deleted I don't think so that's
my day watching bridge epatha Witcher
hearts of stone oh yeah I'm so excited
to see you go what I would ask why I go
to jail big popcorn watched me play am I
just gonna be like say it's either watch
Bridget playing hearts of stone or sit
out here look at the freakin sky for a
little while that's pretty much true so
anyway that's it I'm getting the Monday
started cuz that's all there is
watching originally hearts of stone hey
why do you have to come every time I say
hard to stop back away from me now
that's what I'm gonna do today what go
take my glasses whatever happens my gosh
to come off my head the witch against
Elena might be glad the witches beam the
line it's gonna take two days to
redownload go ahead delete it see what
happens to you see what happens you get
it you go ahead delete it you'll see
you'll find out let's give the money
started here
lazy has to go get lazy you know right
there
lazy's in here did you forget late guess
what I'm deleting it
Oh what oh you're gonna regret that
laughs hey lazy you ready for this
apologize for yelled in my ear how can I
make here delete it
era where watch it's deleted now to play
hearts of stone you got to redownload
The Witcher it's going to take you a few
days there went
y-you-you sorry downloading The Witcher
I'm just kidding I'll turn off the ps4
oh look at this fella comes into the
room just eat the dog food off before
don't worry you guys we have this floor
scrubbed clean so what's a clean floor
thanks fella
yeah Bella scrub it oh it's so cute
little snack she's like et following the
trail of Reese's Pieces I'm gonna play
in fast motion with music
hello works faster Oh God I know like I
want a pet her and say good girl
like I'm gelareh eat Lord Bell so
Bridgette bought pumpkins today I did
why would you get the tiny pumpkin it's
just so cute I figured you can carve it
cuz you're a baby so I got you a baby
pumpkin no you're the baby
you can call me no me you're the big
you're a little baby I miss one should
go right the right up your ass
starting with this Oh God you sit right
here just swallow the whole thing up
your hell wouldn't happen so here's a
question here's something I already know
the answer to what are we carving the
pumpkins tonight no oh why is that
hearts of stone oh okay let's do it now
then no I don't want to okay
don't comes out one hour exactly we can
carve these pumpkins on now guess what I
want to make you wait for what
I gotta get a Walmart okay you're not
gonna be here right at the hour come on
wanna go woman right now come on I gotta
buy groceries gotta go to Walmart come
on give us food tonight yeah don't make
that offer to me come on you know you
rather get fast food come on dude come
on trailers right order pizza instead so
I can get some pizza and play hearts of
stone yeah you're gonna have hearts of
stone I'm have hearts of clogged artery
no I don't say that that's sad heart of
fat no heart of sheiter calzone what
we're gonna Walmart no I'm telling you I
mean that should still pull the books
I'm done I'm good all done I'm done
please let me what's do dude I'm just
tired here oh my god Michael no
point oh I knew it what can't be tired
must you get so close to my face
we are in okay Michael pick up your
voice please I'm trying to raise my
voice so I can talk about it mom I'll
just get closer no I hate that we are in
Walmart shopping for food obviously and
I'm in I got Michael I've been in like a
healthier section when I started this
we're getting food from Walmart
processed food style anyway run Walmart
try to talk louder because I know I
always lower my voice in public
situations yeah my gonna understand that
okay now you're yelling Walmart Wow
Bridget look at all the healthy waffles
what that is freaking awesome
hey great Hey so yeah healthy waffles
good I'm carrying so many bags I got
wipe my ass oh well you figure that one
out leakage is you mud butt right now
swishing and swarming your crack you
know I was kidding
hey so what is this ham casserole so
Charlie brings you over here so you can
give me some ham casserole right how
sweet of you
but I just got one question what one of
those I'm quite a lot of a dog jaw are
you okay what are you getting all these
new Nikes and I told you I bought many
yards do three pair for 25 bucks so
let's see these ones so these are Air
Force what I refuse airport don't let
military this is the name of a brand
then what I call it everywhere is it
it's a man I knew I couldn't answer I'm
sure somebody can well are you ready
take me home yeah let's go you see a bit
ready you just gonna come over here and
show off your McDonald shoes like yellow
shoes use your McDonald Ronald he made
your Ronald McDonald grandpa's Ronald
McDonald shoes and a nice-lookin let's
get a thumbnail take the shoe off get my
shoe off take your shoe off in the calm
down
let's turn it this way we smell a real
quick smells good
dad's got good smelling feet for once
this is this isn't that what the hell
are you doing all right I'm trying to
find the best angle for the thumbnail oh
zone looking at the shoe hold on all
right put on your your Donald McRonald
shoes oh you farted Oh God ha ha Oh Lord
how many times you gonna fart
he smells like Donald McRonald trash Ron
McDo sir oh right your God oh gosh think
of Charlie's car yeah well that's gonna
be a fun day you guys grandpa stunk up
the house real good it still stinks as
you can see it's so nasty as you can see
we've got the freakin door open someone
asked me what is his ass smell like
somebody asked what his ass smells like
or his parts
look at how could we describe as far as
Mel's I want to say a busted sewage pipe
right like what you know when you're
driving down the road okay and you just
smell this okay think busted sewage pipe
and somebody mixes it in with egg salad
Oh God yeah dude pretty close you nailed
it that's pretty close yeah so
smell-o-vision folks somebody go we're
on a sewage busted pipe and bring an egg
salad and that is what grandpa's farts
felt like
so bad well that's gonna be it for today
you guys thanks for watching if you're
wondering why I didn't do a Monday
mailbag video today it's because we're
saving the money mailbag video for his
birthday this week you still got time if
you want send any letters or a postcard
or candy or anything
the address is below in the description
and now it's over my face holy crap
how did you do that magic shit it really
is it is right over your face I could
see it you always try Mable yes
twitter.com slash Bridget why would I
say that no it doesn't say that it
doesn't say no it does you trying to
give you some free plug no that's what
it says right here anyway thanks for
watching you guys
wonderful smelly day amen
subscribe you're still laughing at your
Bridget west joke is that was like you
know you know it's time for me to play
uh I forgot the name hearts of stone we
met no
