what's going on you guys kid be on a
camera here for just here right there
right here pushed me against the wall
when you did that today is Sunday and
that's it Sunday started today is Sunday
and today I'm going over to Grandpa's
house we're gonna have dinner I'm gonna
make that noise and I'm gonna see if he
has a dog hey I'm gonna question him
about the fact that he had dog dishes on
the ground I called him about it a few
minutes ago I was like hey I saw dog
dishes and he hung up that didn't happen
I asked that us like why do you have dog
dishes are your new orders phone bull
you can still hear on the phone it's
still a phone Alcor how cheap it is
anyway today Sunday I'm going over to
grandpa's house for a little bit of
Sunday dinner which is the next best day
of the week next to never ending pasta
Olive Garden Sunday dude what's he
making I don't know he said he said get
ready for Thanksgiving so I'm gonna
assume Thanksgiving nice dad I'm on my
way but you have only way of seeing this
fog do you anyway let's get this Sunday
started going over to Grandpa's house
style XC bridge walking over to be in
the shot come on I see you right you
look come on let's get whatever see hit
the Sun you started Wow you okay
Sunday dinner today grandpa made sweet
potato souffle macaroni stuffing ham
turkey mashed potatoes actually lima
beans what you don't know that's
laughing yellows broccoli and what world
is okay broccoli yes I said broccoli
sweet potatoes that's a devil of a yeah
yeah my sarcasm mashed potatoes every
now I'm not calling my sister always
actually say this out and freaking
collard greens charlie stupidity has
rubbed off on all this Sunday dinner and
I got a hunk of Turkey Oh a checkout
yeah yeah that's good what a deal that
ass get away oh yeah I'm leaving dude so
sitting here with dad starting a fire
you do realize XPrize about fucking
birthday right yes I realize that but
I've got one question what what allows
garden bun you got some Jordan one
minute your sale okay this is the most
damning piece of evidence yet dude
there's what your dog that's right yeah
now oh is it okay go ahead I don't
believe your second of this dude you're
crazy
what oh my god how far will you go to
hide this look at is Charlie oh my god
you out of your mind
I tell you is why you die now I don't
care if you have a dog let me help you
freakin make that noise okay me and
Bridget came up with a sound last night
that works on all dogs we're gonna find
out right no it don't work
look come on Michael keep doing it she
enjoys humiliating no seriously
huh-huh nothing I'm gonna throw up
okay you're eating dog food off the
ground why do you have dog food in
Dogville two of them I get hungry
obviously he has done I don't have a dog
but I went through your whole house
where are they I don't have dogs do you
have any possums little Hut's or
something are you feeding ladies what do
you yeah that's it I'm feeding raccoons
in the poke right here he just gave him
an excuse yeah the goddamn paws well
feed them you know the
not your yard they're not in the house
are you okay are you getting dogs do you
want do you want dog no he told me he
did that do I'll get them you must
already have them you have that dogs
have gone look Bridget it's been eaten
today there's a raccoon shit hey Brett
look gym shoes there goes where or then
I just see anything we're done gone
where they've just jumped the fence
this is fraudulent I don't like it where
are the dogs I really don't know if he
has are you going I don't know dog toy
let me see it what dog toys dog food
probably dog shit if I look close enough
I play ball okay something's going on
okay come on Charlie
poor Charlie what are you an English
Bulldog what
well Bridget cleaned the house it was
good into your girl thank you hold this
I'm getting ready for what's your thick
span ssin wake up tomorrow huh can i
play with you then no but you're
sleeping my god I want you to throw on
Malcolm in the Middle and I'll listen to
it while I sleep
no that is gonna be in my face back up a
tad how was dinner boy won that
Thanksgiving good it was pretty it was
pretty stuffing oh he makes that same
stuffing recipe for Thanksgiving
mac and cheese turkey ham that hand I
hailed him but that ham was yeah I can't
myself that hand was pretty good it was
really good it was a fun time and then
he had dog food yeah let's talk about
that
why was there even dog food in it he has
dogs or where are they what if he houses
dogs during the day or something you
think you a house it dogs
I mean maybe what if he's like a
babysitter what it was like Jennifer and
Jamie and then were there where they
were their dogs
they had them and they I don't know I
don't wanna think about it I didn't see
any dogs but dog food one of the dog
food bowls was half empty something's up
with this I don't know why he wouldn't
just tell me if he has dogs just tell me
I don't yeah I wanted to have it why
would you keep the secret though it's a
Dom I want him to have a dog so I don't
get it I know right man's best friend
maybe he'll be nicer with the dog we
should get him a dog what if we get him
a dog he already has one they don't have
two dogs that would be kind of cool this
is supported mirror Michael well Bridget
I think I win you said two like January
right no I said two like two weeks so
I'm already wrong I think I win Wow
how much airs on these I'm a polka no
there's part of our house now like I
can't a seriously yeah if when they died
we got eight new ones
no like I have to like save them because
the freaking pieces of crap no they're
not well anyway that's gonna be it for
today you guys thanks for watching
grandpa ate dog food like a dog on all
fours and drink water drink water
Oh now if dogs were drinking out of that
water which I don't know one way there
but if they were that makes it extra
disgusting or what if it was wild
animals like like pasta or yeah what if
there's like field mice or like
something in they pissed and shit in
that water what if that's just like
where that's just like water drainage
and like wait I don't know I don't know
what he drank there but that was
repulsive I want to puke I don't know
what to make of it dad you have a dog
it's okay I know I'm talking we can't
see this he just oops dad
if you have a dog tell me I'm still
doing it
hey I'm dad I am talking to him dad if
you Steve if I'm gonna talk to dad if
you have a dog man it's funny if he
really has a dog I find it hilarious
he's keeping this dog a seat I don't get
what it is why he's not doing a very
good job well he is but can't find it he
could just be fuckin with my head what
if it's like a neighbor's house when we
come over something Michaels coming over
I don't want any fat-ass she my dog
yesterday the dog food bowl was empty
today the dog food bowl had food in it
that's weird
what if neighbors are coming over with
their dogs or something that could be
two I don't want to think about it
anymore I'm gonna get out of here
grandpa's birthday is coming up we're
not doing a money mail bag video
tomorrow because this week is actually
going to be his birthday mail bag video
so later on of the week we're gonna do I
think Wednesday maybe or as birthdays
Thursday I don't know I think it's
birthday is Friday okay well either way
we're going to do is birthday mail bag
video so that's why we're not gonna do a
mail bag video tomorrow if you still
want to have your letter or a postcard
or candy or present or anything in a
mail bag video send it over my face and
that is the address to send it to we're
gonna be doing a big birthday mail bag
for grandpa 65th birthday and I got a
good present for him if you want to get
your anger to grandpa shirt the link is
below the link is also on the side of
the screen it's gonna pop up right now
that's the link it's on the side of the
screen anger grandpa shop let us just
see links over your face I know you're
seeing it right now it's so weird
what about my face Zuri no it's already
popped up and I can't do another one so
what I still see it it's not there
anymore though no I see it Bridget dude
look at this fridge you think I would
fall for something like this did you
really think that if over a link over my
face we are working on more anger
grandpa stuff hoodies different shirts
we have a version of the eat sleep angry
grandpa repeat shirt coming out I hope
you guys want to see that it's not like
this when that bridge Aswang right here
it's not like that one it's a different
one if you guys want to see it click the
like button and maybe we'll talk about
it next week I want you guys to enjoy it
I'm trying to make shirts that you guys
I really want a hoodie I do too that's
so cool so anyway that's gonna be a
better day you guys chilled out at
grandpa sauce it was relatively was a
good day I had a really good day hanging
out my brother and my sister and dad and
Bridget Bridget dad was there but it
wasn't in the vlog but he was there
enjoying themselves and it was a good
day it was a good day it was a great day
like subscribe favorite and that's it no
no no no I love you guys talking from me
oh I went out the friggin selfie sticks
oh that everything go
