so it looks like this came from Susan J
Susan James Robert and Jessie Miller the
Miller family so what we're thinking is
you know planning it someone in the
backyard and like some sort of like
memorial for Hamel I mean you could put
it in there in the back with that like
you were talking a bitch you know maybe
a couple chairs a birdfeeder or
something like that
oh yeah showing yeah I mean but you know
maybe you can get some views you know
from your viewers yeah what do you guys
think what do you guys think we should
do we can plant this we're setting up
like a memorial in the backyard for
grandpa and we're thinking like a bench
or like a marker what would you guys do
let us know in the comments we're
keeping this thank you so much for the
Miller family we're keeping it and
planning it we're trying to find a way
to keep all the plans that you guys gave
us but this one specifically really drew
us so yeah man I'll give this you I
don't want to drop it no man I got that
I'll take care of that for you like I
said if y'all can give some comments on
what you think I mean I'm thinking the
bench birdfeeder swing something like
that you know that can help memorialize
the plant you know of everybody knows
what happened but if we can definitely
get this in the ground and get this
going maybe get a little bit nicer
Morial yeah what's going on you guys
keep me on a camera here this is a
Robert Wright I forgot your John at the
Jonathan is our landscaper he's the man
I'm sorry getting hear about your
brother man sir hey no that's all good
leukemia is definitely not something to
deal with but we're gonna get through it
as well as everybody else does yeah you
gotta keep going that's what we've been
doing on here showing you guys how we
move forward and getting something for
grandpa that's how we're gonna go
forward sketch this vlog started
what's going on you guys get me out of
camera here fortuitous here right there
you today is Sunday and today is New
Year's Eve I'm so excited oh my god guys
I am so excited for the new year guys
number one first things first
this is actually the 30th okay so this
is not our New Year's Eve vlog all
that's gonna be uploaded tomorrow but
technically it's New Years Eve yeah so
today is New Year's Eve and I have
something to admit what it's a surprise
leaving you ready to hear it
Michael what is I have to admit that
I've been wearing this shirt since
Christmas and it's it's it's time to
take it off no but so hurry oh I have to
tell you something what you don't hear
it you're right I'm gonna be here that's
good I want pizza for dinner I knew it
today is New Year's even starting off
right here at the front of the vlog I
want to say thanks to Jonathan we're
about to go out there and check it out
right now he's putting in that tree I'm
so happy for that dad I love you today
is New Year's Eve let's just end this
intro tonight we're gonna talk about why
this your sucked so damn bad yes I told
them like I said once we get it in the
ground we get it established like I said
if you want to put the bench around it
or if you want to put two benches you
know what it's saying once I get that
done I'm gonna cut the whole area out
and I'm gonna put you know like maybe
like rubber mulch or something you know
so you can actually get in here and sit
in the bench sit here for a few minutes
enjoy
you know the remembrance
I want to put too much on there over at
the fries I don't even know they could
freeze well the water in the ground
that's for sure it won't around here no
because the ground doesn't get cold
enough it doesn't stay cold enough like
up north right now yeah they're getting
pounded yeah well my sister's at she has
feet of snow in her backyard Oh dick yes
I got a buddy that's in Kentucky right
now that's he was like what you know
about that taking pictures of ya I was
like I don't know nothin about that I
don't want to the other night me and
Bridget come outside we're like oh man
there's snow flurries whoa it's snowing
in South Carolina it was like three
little flurries blowing around he knows
that we're all excited meanwhile Kim was
like oh God
checking her mail like like she's in
Little House on the Prairie Charles
Ingalls days you guys grandpa's tree and
like I said let us know in the comment
section what you think what we should do
a bench or some kind of memorial marker
just something about where he's at
something cool let us know in the
comments section we're gonna do it
before we get out of here you guys I
want to take a minute to talk about how
horrible 2017 was to those seventeen was
the worst year I've ever lived in my
entire life like guys this was me at the
beginning of 2017
oh he's so happy and cute oh yeah this
was me at the end of it yeah
I'm beaten I've lost to the world and
I'm sitting at Denny's with a gun in my
trunk about to blow people apart like
this is the worst but it's awful okay I
got one
guys this is me at the beginning of 2017
oh you're so adorable
and then this is me at the end ho cop
with a gun down Bridget no no guys
I gotta sit for this I gotta go to the
office we got to talk about 2017 part of
the echo so I thought that we would sit
down and just talk a little bit and
really explain what we mean when we say
that this was the absolute worst year of
our lives
oh god guys this will be absolutely 12th
your life it was it's the worst year
I've ever lived in my life this is like
it don't get much worse than this I just
think 2017 needs to kick frogs and the
thing is it started from minute one yes
second the clock hit midnight Bridgette
got fire wall debris in her eye and she
called that this was gonna be the worst
year of our lives
one vlog look at this they wouldn't have
been here fireworks you called it you
cursed it man at one of 2017 was growing
thanks to Bridgette I didn't curse this
why didn't I look up why could you watch
the freakin my fire roasted camera or
something Michael you know I miss like
the whole show because of it it's just
like 30 minutes to get that stuff out of
my eye I had to like flip over my eyelid
it hurts so bad
so guys right there minute 1 of 2017 it
already looks bad then it comes to
January and Bella gets cancer yeah
and they tell us that she has about a
70% chance of dying from it we almost
lost Bella the beginning of 2017
but they cut it out of her face she got
better she beat it
alright we're good we're cooking yeah
we're good you know it's going pretty
good
no they're not February comes grandpa
gets cancer guys my dad is diagnosed
with cancer and I'm like okay hey at
least this is the worst if you get no no
we're in a battle Rutina now we're
fighting with Tina and everybody saying
he said she said and everybody's going
to war and I contacted her I was like
I'm not looking around she beat us you
know we got into the first time she got
us the second time I'm like I hate this
year oh I forgot another thing what
taxes taxes taxes my beautiful nest egg
on temperature let's just pay off the
taxes we're good we're happy we pay off
her taxes excuse me I just paid my taxes
taking it off we're in April so we have
been to war with a friend
my dad had cancer Bridgette couldn't see
for the beginning of his and we almost
lost Bella and we ran April April April
guys guys we're losing money right dad
sick things suck then Charles comes
along and has his freakout and drinks
and hits bridge in that goes to court
and it's a whole messy BS that everybody
was just never happened and Wow
welcome to June this is now the worst to
get no hell welcome to July grandpa's
diagnosed with cirrhosis of the
ever folks do I need to go over this
again dad got cancer belly got cancer
went to court was Tina twice my brother
kind of public meltdown my dad is
diagnosed with cirrhosis was liver
add money is at an all-time low now we
move it into August Grampa stick we're
still at war with friends money's
horrible we're at war with my brother
because he's you know being him and
things are going horrible then dad
starts to get sicker at the end of
September and then October he goes to
the hospital and turned out that was the
beginning of the end so on top of all of
that horrible stuff happening we lose my
father to cirrhosis my father died
there's no way 2018 can be this bad
right there just literally no way I'm
making changes we're going diets we're
going to make positive changes like and
guys even if there's some type of drama
that I don't I don't know what could
possibly be said anymore but if there is
some type of drama I refuse to respond
to that hair yeah so you don't care if
you don't have truth 2018 excuse my
coughing oh oh what give me good
confident in again 2018 this is not a
good sign well you've had it all month
so yeah what is that typical Michael's
immune system guys hopefully 2018 is
changing yeah this because we patched
things up Athena we patched things up
with my brother and we're all growing
closer as a family so by the way for
other people who are trying to stir the
pot and say all Tina they're talking
about you
Charlie they're talking about to Tina
Charlie prima is not what we're doing
people just love I'm talking about in
this video where I mentioned you know
nobody is talking about any of them I'm
just telling you what happened this year
we're all good and I intend to keep it
that way because growing closer as a
family and his friends we can make
grandpa proud and really just forget
2013 ever happened yeah guys this was
the worst year of our lives it was awful
it was the year of battle I swear we had
a claw every inch of this year ya know
and by the end of it we're battling
depression it's the year of battle I
swear it's so weird
hey guys let's do this outro hope you
guys are having a great new Z tomorrow's
vlog who's gonna be our party I'm done
with this dad I hope you saw your
memorial and you loved it
love you I'll travel that's gonna be it
for today you guys thanks for watching
guys how was your 2017 bin and if it's
been horrible let us know in the
comments section on why dude a lot of
you have actually tweeted me saying this
your sucked for them too
it's just suck for everybody this is the
worst like why is it been such a bad
year I don't know I don't know maybe
because it's an odd number I don't even
know is it an odd number how would you
know that
I don't know 2017 is an odd number so
it's 2018 not an odd number has an even
number how do you know that is it yes
cool okay don't judge me I'm getting out
of here gentleman already sucks no no
well I don't know how you know that my
god
I don't like two four six eight but I
can't go higher four six eight that's
even numbers 1 3
it's awesome so then 2017 is 7 2017
would be 17 which is an odd number and
then 18 is an even number 2 4 6 8 I
don't know about this one getting out of
here thanks for watching guys
it is what it is like subscribe I
dropped out okay don't make me feel bad
at the beginning of the year it's not
the beginning yet like subscribe
favorite everything to us my New Year's
resolution is to be single oh wait wait
no I have something to say I have a
really great start to the new year I
found all the pamela tapes but you don't
care about that you ruin the end of the
vlog okay my new year's resolution to
talk to you want to know what you good
guys I want to say thank you so much for
watching us in 2017 it's meant
everything to my family I hope you
continue in 2018 I got a lot of stuff
coming yes a lot of big stuff for coming
I hope you guys stick with it and watch
it and enjoy it as much as I've enjoyed
making it for you thank you guys so much
dad
we lost you this year I hope to make you
proud max like
subscribe baby we're pulling everything
but joys and that's it
