what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here well we didn't onions okay
liar hey look he's lying okay have you
been eating shit you're at today is
Saturday Saturday yeah okay rude today
is Saturday and today we're going over
to Grandpa's house because hey Gramps
because yeah you go and sit over there I
got the intro just go ahead and talk I'm
here
cute guy lean against the wall here
it was I'm just kidding you're so cute
today we're going over to angry
Grandpa's house because you guys wanted
us to see if he has a dog so that's what
we're doing today I'm gonna try to
answer the question does grandpa have a
dog because I don't know he has a cage
what else we need it for unless he's got
one race planning to get a dog
dad called me a few minutes ago told me
he does not feel well today and so I
can't record him now one of the
commandments which I don't think I saw
that one was one of the commandments I
think he's making one up on the spot
anyway forget all that let's get our son
Simon said Sunday let's get our Saturday
started dog start style
googy lazy barked while I was eating my
cookie well my cookie scene didn't turn
out like I wanted so I got to do it
again cookie time times two arbors just
point the camera at the cookies and you
tell me when it's clear it's clear okay
cookie
shit I wasn't recording gotta redo that
is it on yes and it's very clear is it
recording yes see you okay are you see
I'm watching your hands so you can't
fuck around this time don't know I see
what you've been trying to say oh I lose
hope recording is it recording yes okey
shit I was sick no so we're at Grandpa's
house right now
what is that it's joking again huh this
is like your true TV interview you and
Brittany both had the worst routine he
had a bad one too oh yeah dude Charlie
but Charlie was like sweating up a storm
oh my god I'm saying sir blot don't wipe
everybody's always just like bitches
like they had to ask me like how many
times like like the same question like
five different ways yeah like okay so
tell us about the the firecracker in the
cigarette so upon explosion and ignition
of the cigarette meanwhile adieu Tata
and you watch my part of the you see me
talking the camera you like so i frame
dad real good the back is he a roach
crawling up the wall oh my god I was
here didn't ignore the camera alright
does that have a dog you've been here
for two days have you ever seen any dog
no I hadn't seen then he's like he don't
have no damn dog so he is he has a kid
was he sleeping in a cage oh dude I
stink here's my theory on it I think you
should bark why do you want me to keep
doing that all the time because I think
they'll barf bag I think you're
embarrassing shit and Bridget you should
do it too though good
I look at amount of stroke isn't your
Frost
oh shit man does he have a dog now walk
around the yard and do it though they
might mark fast which I know you're
cheap what if they're in the shed I'm
gonna flip dude come on try do throwing
the shed then call animal control
Oh can't get it open
he got pwned Mike oh you don't have them
this is enough you putting stuff in my
head about dogs you don't got it
so now we can see part of the deck is
over here the other part is cut up in
pieces over there
no respect so wait I think I saw
something over there bark you're gonna
drive me crazy with this seriously you
bark you're the dog anything yes try it
again
nothing charles greane professional
skate scooter writer dude hey Jesus like
that fat guy that gives me the wool
records on the minivan maybe bike check
barking again which is how many times
one more just try it they'll bark back
if they're here people laughing here
come on try it again there's nothing you
doing this make me babe you look like
shit look in the closet and bark oh good
one they might alter out to an out like
you might be in there
so I don't think yeah I think
you don't have a dog he might okay what
do you so what are you warming a fucking
troll off fours and bark is that what it
is I saw her on the floor no you did it
priceless hair falling out before pieces
of my eyebrow what is this thing I don't
know it's cool though what the hell
that's not a big-ass hand in here that's
pretty cool is it heavy
not really yes weird it's cool yeah I'm
checking to see if you got a dog yeah
is this in here see only made the butt
of a joke here he doesn't have a dog but
what I think I see a dog over there bark
Bridget watch this it will work Oh their
mating call okay I really thought they
were gonna bark back maybe this whole
thing was bullshit all along oh okay
what noise will work that's the no
that's the noise haha see those Bell
ones come outside cause that noise
so dad do that noise right now what
noise the noise that'll probably work
yeah okay I was just about to say maybe
he doesn't have dogs but the bark didn't
work but that noise dead so we're going
to dance tomorrow let's do that noise
yeah let's go to McDonald's hold a
breakfast
I want captain Dean
well Bridget I don't know where I
Captain D's is let's look for it
rivers Avenue you know this is crazy
since I got back from New York
holy crap Michael what look dude
what are the odds of that you had to
toss it down I sort of God I didn't dude
let's go to Captain D's all right we'll
go to Captain D's
I'll get chicken but it's not the same
chicken I told you the story dad made me
think it was chicken all these years it
was fish and you love that fish not
anymore I don't
I bet you do anyway it's kind of what I
was doing yet you'll get your pass to me
well since I got back to New York I have
yet to unpack this bag down here so
whenever I need clothes I go through the
suitcase I know right I need an angry
grandpa shirt so go through the bag
don't tell him any more
Yuri all day breakfast yes hey all day
breakfast hey all weapon yummy huh yeah
yummy yummy and my cubby
are you recording yes well not a clock
at night and I'm having dinner what do
you have in all day breakfast at
McDonald's except they don't have it
growls so then we got to get this
started we got to get the grills on the
altar this how I gotta make up a griddle
I don't make my own freakin McGriddle
you got to get some cheese man and egg
now then I want my quills on the all day
breakfast menu so tweet them say at
McDonald's on Twitter and say we want
them at griddle in the all day breakfast
menu and go below look at my tweet and
retweet slash favorite and let's get the
freakin McGriddle on all day breakfast
because this menu just ain't enough
having said that I'm gonna enjoy this
this isn't I see it
hey I got syrup all over my clothes ah
that's a problem with ordering pancakes
and 9 o'clock at night is so cute
well that's gonna be in fitter day you
guys thanks for watching um I wasn't
gonna say anything about it I was gonna
save it to say something tomorrow but we
were getting all the information I
wanted to know what happened
the reason dad didn't want me to record
him today is because he found out today
that his aunt died
um and the worst part about finding out
that his aunt died is that she actually
died in August and we got invited to the
funeral but certain members of our
family decided they didn't want angry
grandpa to go to his aunt's funeral um
he's pissed so he did want me to record
him today so that's why I didn't record
angry grandpa had a respect ah but we're
both pretty angry about that happening I
don't know who the fuck dad loved his
aunt and that's what I'm gonna say about
it I'm gonna save the rest for him he's
gonna be making his own video about this
saying goodbye so I'm gonna leave that
to him he was admittedly a lot closer to
her than I was you know I didn't really
know her that well so anyway that's
gonna be a fun day you guys thanks for
watching
didn't see a dog of Grandpa's house I
don't know if he has one I don't know
but anyway I'm gonna get out of here
thanks for watching you guys
like subscribe favorite and that's it
