I bet you're real proud of yourself
aren't you here we go we're not cleaning
this I have a question how did I not see
blood inside of that pumpkin when I
walked into the kitchen I don't know man
good I'm good what are you freaking make
it pumpkin risotto is that what you do
want all this yeah thumpa so we'll see
here dude back up and sore so okay skull
yeah chainsaw
I'm putting the chainsaw up yeah let me
slip on the chainsaw that'd be fun that
would not be fun I'll do a viral video
are you proud of yourselves
there so is this you can I talk bro what
did you slip get away any with it you
know listen if you don't want a pumpkin
just say I want to pop I won't bring
them in if you guys use that against it
I don't want pumpkin today
well you're getting one anyway it's
nasty
do you know the fuckin man fuck in there
and pumpkin man I'll cut it off the
fuckin naked finger to my house you know
you're getting pranked right dad no I'm
not dude yeah you are you are too
yeah easy both on the sharp this thing
is like this stop thing gonna burn
yourself stop can you believe how sharp
this it okay you would care does my hand
i slither pumpkin in it hey dad there's
no taste at all I'm done let's just go
Bridget look at this thing you know sink
full of fingers a house full of pumpkin
seeds no we're not cleaning does ready
just go yeah please wash my hands I will
go I'm not helping clean anything now
come on my friend I'm trying you got
blood legal over the counter it's not
opening up open it up get in there got
it why don't you grab it here oh this
why are you helping Michael I wanted to
throw this face just now dude oh my god
again mean something up in the bottom
he's got him back you fill this bag
Bridget
this looks garbage miss Coco pulley oh
my god yeah Kirill do you not have hose
of the body I think they're gonna call
the cops let you be taken to the trash
governing blood carried a bag filled
with blood and guts okay you kill me
I'll give it to you that finger shit was
funny I thought what oh my god we've got
a body in there where is posing two dads
bullcrap yeah I know
let's go home least we're starting to
get into an idea of grandpas process
when you kill something did one thing
you guys don't keep them Baghdadi what
Cooper days Yukio beat nigga come let's
go add yeah well yeah except they can
see you're still alive in the house I'm
going speaking of ghosts dude I was here
the other day and I thought I heard a
voice shut up
oh did you not be okay oh my god you've
been hearing voices I've been hearing
voices laughter but I heard this like
whispers I thought it was dad saying
kill I heard uh no no no no I'm afraid
that shit well I don't know where's the
key in a whisper
what key I don't know that's just what I
heard I thought it was Michael messing
with me was it me wasn't it was dad
messing with us obviously okay
don't stop it right now you scared
