what's going on you guys kid be on a
camera here for just here right there
and today right over here Wednesday and
today is never ending pasta day at all
of garden in Brielle you know better
than a mess will be or never any pasta
day this is bit this is everyday is ever
ending pasta day no it's not factually
it is not never ending pasta day is the
dad look for to all year some people
look forward to Christmas
some people look forward to birthdays
some people look forward to movies that
are coming out I look forward to never
ending pasta yeah at Olive Garden well
do it again and I go crazy today is
Wednesday and today is TV day guys
American Horror Story no thanks
hotel it starts tonight if you were a TV
show you'd be American Horror Story
that's just something that I like to do
it's weird
I'll tell you I'll call Bridget a name
and then I'll compare it to like
something yeah well if you were a TV
show you'd be breaking back cuz my back
hurts today hahahahaha yeah my back
hurts right now because Bridget may
remove that telescope alone hey so I've
been walking like a freakin GIMP let me
give her a massage will it do anything
yes so today we're gonna go to Olive
Garden which means today we might also
go to Best Buy which means today we have
we might also go to Barnes & Noble whoo
I think they've released Harry Potter in
in animated fashion why what a
unnecessary scream that was what not
even I acted like that so right now I'm
getting my first massage ever about the
experience when everyone talks so much
you love about
what was that is a fuckin roll era come
on we'll do that but this is I don't
wanna be part of it
oh no I don't important I didn't make
your back feel better there's a frigate
to set it up come on do it right you the
oil all right well first I gotta put
these rocks on your back person oh those
guys seen the rocks before they lay hot
not call bull that's a frickin peanut
butter and jelly sandwich
just gonna leave it there for a minute
are you ready for the oil let me see it
right now olive oil right here olive oil
yes it's really good for the skin oh
this is an absolute train wreck
oh god I imagine anybody oh Jesus I'm
sorry I had to Michael oh man oh wait
hey we're in shorts yeah I figured
you've been coming in here oh you're so
caring it's candles oh my god
huh get me so I'll get up that is pretty
peaceful huh get out of you now so I
have my back
how's your back you're fine good get out
of here
now is the cute
oh I think you can run to your bath and
Bodyworks stuff why how much I just grab
bottles oh my god that's just the most
wonderful time of ignorance it's the
most wonderful time ever getting pasta
I'm eating lots of books giving me cheer
that's humiliating
I just say for you oh my god oh my god
my paws are recording by the way you
can't tell this for a second yeah
because there's never any possible
okay - so I don't want them to see me
counting they might think that I'm like
it's usually good pickup you're killing
me seeing at your favorite restaurant I
guess this is never ending possible if
we know
if I'm counting only the table I've had
everything of time well we are leaving
the Olive Garden right now and I don't
know what was more embarrassing mmm
singing the most wonderful time of the
year song it's the most wonderful time
that or the fact that me and Bridget are
wearing the same shirt
she didn't even warn me man I did on
purpose like a couple of Shannon's
Shannon won Shannon - oh we're so
whimsical we were the same shirts
because we're a couple yeah we're that
couple now having said that all of
garden was delicious and I left 110
percent as a tip I love never any pasta
that much that I leave big tips good
Mike oh yes
three pastas in a row you get a tip man
you get a tip for all the pasta so
anyway we're going home I think we might
be going somewhere else like Barnes and
Noble or Best Buy or you want gonna have
back steak house over there oh god
Michael Joe look Bridget we've
re-release the Harry Potter's that is so
cool that's awesome
oh look at you dude holy crap
okay this this is cool this is the best
day of my life and getting two coffees
one for Kim Wow and this is X pretty
heavy dude imagine the other ones
rereleased how big are they gonna be is
thank you and then the base now wait I
haven't taken the picture yet make a
noise hang on I can't give it a show
it's over because I can't afford this
please you is it recording yes anyway
not gonna exercise Bridget look holy
shit that shit I've gotta get this who
are you trying to act surprised
hey hot guys with baby animals oh that's
like everybody actually figure this guy
I'm so mysterious that's funny yeah look
at I got his head is way too small
oh my god okay I should why am I not in
this I don't know we're coming to Best
Buy to see if they have another version
of this camera but when that flips
upwards we can watch ourselves vlog
because as it is right now we can't see
ourselves when we're vlogging it's
horrible it's kind of its kind of tough
Bridget hates the camera because she
can't see herself logging I agree I'm
noting pointed at myself right now it's
like am i pointed at my face or not
right now I can't even tell you not even
though only one that's missing is lazy
he like doesn't care about anybody oh my
god we're back you guys there's lazy
oh hey Bella so we get back and they are
just chilling right there Oh
there's Lee what are you doing lazy Oh
God
so I don't want to show you guys all of
this because once you go get it yourself
if you're a Harry Potter fan you guys
got to see this it's amazing they
rerelease the Harry Potter books uh
where illustrator Jim McKay drew
pictures for the pages and it's
outstanding as you can see it's already
more like a book you can read to your
kids
it's like it'll take a few months ha ha
it'll be a bedtime story so I want to
show it you all of it but I do want to
show you what it's like when you look
around in this it is just wow oh wow
the Dursleys its outstanding dude I'm in
love Wow this Wow as a gigantic Harry
Potter fan I want to read this book like
this to me is amazing I don't know if
they're gonna release all of them if you
guys know let me know in the comment
because I don't know if they're
releasing everything like this I hope so
I imagine so I really helped me so says
year one know that so I imagine they're
re-releasing it I guess Wow amazing well
anyway that's gonna be it for today you
guys thanks for watching I had a good
day a great day once I had all of garden
had a horrible day Brigitte poured water
on me I saw on me no no I'm sorry you
told me it was oil it was water you told
me it was hot coals and it was peanut
butter and jelly sandwiches the I sorry
that was just you know a dick move ha ha
no no I was just trying to make your
back feel better my back does feel
better I think it was the neverending
pasta yeah it was probably the really
hot bath you took with Kim
no I'm gonna credit the neverending
pasta it was the rigatoni noodles then
we should go tomorrow too I'm okay with
that actually never ending pastas never
ending so I should pay the bill once I
should just go like everyday and get it
yeah never ends right when I could I
just stay forever it's it's never ending
pasta not sometimes ending pasta
yeah I think we should just move to
Olive Garden never is never Olive Garden
I'll be there tomorrow night and I'm
taking a pillow and a blanket I'm moving
in not really
click like if you want us to go get some
pumpkins and do the annual pumpkin
carving video oh my god
it's usually my favorite video of the
year because dad just does not know how
to compute pumpkins he's always a weirdo
punky I don't know what to give God so
click that like button and we'll go get
some pumpkin so I'll have a video for
Friday
I want large beautiful orange pumpkins
and then I want a car horn you know I
got big deal for pumpkins
we're haunted I'm getting out of here
thanks for watching you guys
good day great day got the Harry
Potter's went to Best Buy very fun day
thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe subscribe favor read and
follow me on everything for just like ah
oh god it's happening this house okay No
