what's going on you guys kid behind the
camera here for the work I see you're
right there and today is Monday and
today you smell it
I mean I have a stomach issues today I
don't want to talk about it today is MUC
my keeping it and today isn't stop I'm
having stomach problems that acute I'm
going to I'm going to bed forget I don't
do forget the fine go to vlog today no
no no get out get out why I'm gonna help
freaking nothing
just tell me or settle camera your like
never up here unless you're really
deprived I don't want to say on camera
okay I'm pooping green all day
what so like pure green yeah what all
this dude yeah have a good laugh I'm
shit and green for two days now really
yes oh I can go go up for you I'm too
afraid to Google can read my face dude
come on with this stop Co me to Google
it Google it please
alright yo I what does he call by some
sort of like horrible thing in your
intestines that can kill you come one
dude it turns you your stuff green or
tapeworms Shh
and you know what tapeworms can do they
can go to your okay dude I saw the video
yeah then go to your what else that's it
sometimes if I almost looks blue oh wow
that's bad what I got a Google that it's
gassed rotor closest what yeah what it
means is your large intestine wants to
try to fall out and
it explodes I don't know I think you
should take to the hospital I didn't
care anymore dude get out I don't get
part of your little experiment
yesterday you tell me the water is
contaminated and I'm gonna you sick
flake away today rain getting the same
color what somebody send me a link
that's that the water is contaminated
sure this very shortage I'm serious did
you drink the water you might actually
win it for the station
Oh candidates right here I found your
contamination seriously Michael which
the other contamination
I found your contamination right there
dude it's a nut ball race that that
backfired on me we wait we waste an
entire tub of water
it really is seriously backfired on me
we could have used that water hey why
does not contaminate I'm not falling for
it I want to know what's really headed
to use look on the news
where's your phone please stay away from
any standing water as there's potential
for water contamination from overflowing
manholes
we're asking also asking residents to
minimize their water use washing clothes
you said what yeah and I've been doing
laundry all day
I don't know it smells really bad like I
don't it doesn't smell nor hey that's
like almost blue eye and you got purple
swear on your mom's life in hell that
you did not die me in any way sirs leave
look it didn't I swear then I've been
drinking the poison I get e-coli
maybe wish you go to the hospital you
might really be sick this day this
week's been a roller coaster
I know Michael you know what's wrong
with your land on it I'm sorry but your
wife Patricia shat water I know what it
is Michael I know what it is Oh mommy
wait baby told me it is the Halloween
whopper
what yeah but it's turning everyone shit
green I don't know how you haven't even
seen that it's been green for days
well I don't know Oh like I had one last
night two days in a row you've done this
Oh God you know it's even more shitty I
already knew about that what I read
about this like two days ago three days
ago the waters not contaminated now the
water really is contaminated today give
me a water still I don't know what to do
about that how much makeup come on I
don't know how much a glass I think
you're fine
you feel really sick of it was something
bad man
no bullshit is the water really
contaminated yes then we got a boil
water himself yes I know I have been you
not be smart about it
let's go boil water look you're cut
you're smart to me apologize sorry can
we go please boy what are you sorry for
being a baby bitch
Thomas stupid babies apologies man I
can't believe this chips for real I know
you're not joking I swear I'm not
this drink really backfired on me what
about all the bathtub water don't even
trust that what I don't well the world's
the point of it I don't know I mean it's
been there for like three days how good
can it be so we got to boil our freakin
waters every North Charleston doing this
this sucks
everywhere North Charleston fix it at
whoa else uh regular Charleston downtown
Columbia Somerville College Ville Goose
Creek uh scream what the hell man we're
all drinking sewage water and my dad's
you predicted this you predicted it last
night you're praying I know right my
dogs are they don't have water and I'm
sad let's go buy a bunch of bottled
water if we can get to somewhere that
sells it well that's gonna be a fair day
you guys thanks for watching admittedly
acting like a baby bitch when I thought
you know I said the apology yeah the
thing is Bridget knows exactly what to
do to push my buttons but she knows
exactly what'll work and so she does it
and she doesn't right so yeah I'm
embarrassed okay if I were you I'd be
really embarrassed I was shakin green
you told me might have an e.coli and
what was that one you made up uh
you remember something that she created
at the top of her head I thought I had
oh it worked it's cold tonight so I'm
gonna get out of here
Clyde is freaking out right now today
side like subscribe favorite if I want
everything and follow him though because
okay
