what's going on you got I don't go on
your Moodle what's going on you guys
what's going on here what's happening to
me
I don't know try it again what's going
on you guys
is that normal yeah what's going on you
guys hypochondriac behind the camera
here verge of STR and today something
just happen with my voice then it's all
I'm thinking about cuz what was this
probably the hot today is Sunday and
today the roads are flooded today is not
Sunday Funday
today I can't go to Grandpa's house I
can't film Monday mailbag because
everywhere is flooded and blocked off we
had a lot of plans today but we can't do
any of it because of the flooding
everywhere is either closed or flooded
and seriously if you're from the
Charleston area and you're watching this
video and you're you know involved in
some of the flooding please stay safe
we're watching the news today and it
showed some dude that was
boogie-boarding in the sewage buildup
that is the water flooding the area
check this out this is what you should
not be doing right now because if you
look at social media at all people who
are in this flood water pictures coming
from maybe a block away of porta potties
sewer lines backed up garbage cans
tipped over that stuff's all floating
through the water not to mention
wildlife that could be floating through
the water with you DHEC warns bacterial
and viral infections possible from this
kind of water so just stay out of it it
looks like fun but probably not the best
idea dude cowabunga nothing get out of
that it's disgusting
is sewage did you not think when you saw
it that it was sewage I mean who would
have thought dude Jennifer you were
right I'd clowns you a little bit but
you were right if what a lot yeah if you
guys were in this stay safe don't walk
around in that water you know you don't
know if there's glass
or snakes or you don't know what's going
on stay out of the water please
anyway with nothing else to do Bridget
and I are gonna do what anybody else
would do go to the movies if we can find
one that's open yeah if they're even
open if they're even open that's I'm
gonna try to go to the movies in it cuz
I want to see the Martian so anyway
let's get this Sunday started movie
style home style Sunday style I wish I
could go to Dad's but it's flooded
holy shit Bridget his feelings he never
comes out of hiding but now he's come
out of hiding to see us you be seeing
all the storm in Felix why he refuses to
go near the door no he doesn't he loves
the door what talking it's not gonna
flood inside don't let her say that
Felix if it's starting to come out so if
it's true I can't even talk if starting
to flood in this house I want you to
promise you'll come upstairs and wake us
up he's not talking I didn't hear any
promises Felix what are you gonna do it
or not please Felix you think I just
want to chill in this couch and lounge
around and move my hand around I just
want to pet him because I never see him
anymore is that you can see me when I
want to be seen I want to get his hand
move over there how's that because we
storm the light for you I think well I
was trying to sleep you fools you're a
bunch of fools and idiots and I hope you
drown in the flood hmm
Felix that's me no oh my god you're evil
like you don't do much thinking anyway
all right Felix is getting offensive
this is really mean so I'm pretty sure
we got cabin fever we can't leave the
house we wanted to we didn't get to go
to the movies today all we're doing is
sitting around at this point I'm just
pretending the animals I'm like having
conversations like off-camera I'm
Senator Bob you know all alone what's
going on Felix not much daddy what's up
with you
I know much Felix just sort of sitting
here oh that's cool yeah that's what's
happening to me right now I'm carry on
conversations with the voices in my head
which by the way Bridgette I hear voices
stuff you don't wanna know
tell me I'm just joking oh no one when
your voice is but the voices in my head
are trying to say that never mind
you don't hear voices nobody hears
voices we're not a family of hearing
boys dad made your voices now maybe I
don't know if dad's hearing shit
break2 Pierce boy Charlie it's just
sitting on the floor he watches too much
TV anyway Charlie you should break you
to pieces back into the pool Cody it's
in your way
dad if I'm going crazy or not I think
we're getting you a mental evaluation I
think it's a good idea I'm just kidding
you're not really giving the middle of
Iuh because I'll never go and I'll flip
out and I'll go crazy and I want to get
out of the house we cab and fever let's
go walk outside
oh you yes it's hilarious isn't it
Bridget oh oh no dude oh god dude is
pitch black
Bridget I'm gonna kill you
come on what do you want from me
I couldn't even hear you watch
Halloweentown let me think about it okay
I'll do what I swear to god I'll do it
oh it's - oh I'm gonna flip oh sorry
I'll watch it
i watch all of them belly you don't want
to go out there sweetie you might float
off climb what supplies I prepared for
something I don't know leave it I don't
know what's going on in this house buddy
ah it's like white the police oh Jesus
bells the police now please hear I'm
here to tell you what's up oh my god I
don't know my god what is that I don't
know but don't get you closer don't get
you close to it it smells so weird
I don't smell it I smell a little it's
weird it's only what is that I don't
know that way like fish or something is
it like a parasite I don't know it looks
like a freaking Paris simply gone on me
what the splash got on me
that's not it what do we do this is not
cool dude
maybe it's my boss dog that is really
freaking weird Oh your dad flesh-eating
bacteria Michael now isn't job it's a
joke it's die
we sewage and stuff that scared the shit
outta me
I don't know what sewage is part where
all the moms like if that is furtively
dye seems like we did like and plug it
now we'll get your stuff come on Bridget
just do it yeah it's fun we'll have like
died nails no I don't want diagnosed
it's darling really yes well we're gonna
have to freaking serious really bad
water here Bell you can't eat that
hey come on I think she's trying to
drink the water off of it well that's
gonna be it for today you guys thanks
for watching the weather has been
terrible all day rain all day floods
everywhere I hear police sirens in the
distance right now which can't be good
please be safe if you're out there in
this drive safe
be careful we tried to leave to go to
the movies earlier no floods
so anyway I'm gonna get out of here
thanks for watching you guys long
depressing cold wet day
it easy though I feel really bad for the
people oh yeah
I can't even it's really crazy some of
you guys in Colombia really be safe
because it is really deep up there
seriously be very be careful it's like a
divas like an SUV height yeah the water
is pretty crazy up there so if you're
out there please please be careful I
wanted to take a minute to say rest in
peace - Caleb Logan on one of the
YouTube community his family are
vloggers and 13 years old he
unexpectedly died and that is just
really condolences to the family I can't
imagine how that feels to lose your
child 13 years old there's no words that
could say that could make you feel
better about it but I really I'm really
sorry about what happened and I hope he
rest in peace and it's it's very sad and
our thoughts are with you and rest in
peace so anyway I'm gonna get out of
here
thanks for watching you guys please be
careful it's dangerous out there we had
you know I had a little bit of fun today
you know because we didn't have it as
bad as other people but there are people
that have it bad right now so you know
think of them and be careful Mike scribe
favorite and that's it
