what's going on you guys kid behind the
camera here for just here bridge West
right there and today is Thursday it's
the robot Thursday hey man it's my line
this means today is throwback Thursday
throwback Thursday you're on in the vlog
anymore
hey today is Thursday which means so
today is October 1st which means today
is prank day drink marthy I turned the
camera for one thing and you ruin it
today is October 1st which means today
is prank month not prank day let me say
it again
we got one chance with us today is
October 1st which means today today is
October 1st which means today ok so we
are leaving our house to go see dad and
I had just notice this right here spooky
Halloween
screams nightmares check or treat scary
stories candy corn creepy sure so right
now we are at Burger King to get the
Halloween whopper we're gonna get a
couple of them because I got some ideas
dad is getting a 65th birthday party
this month obviously you should have
known you were getting the party I knew
that and I'm gonna know me Oh Bridget
give me a brother
oh my god I'm planning something for you
so better be a good brother this month
is grandpa
65th birthday party and a lot of people
been asking me how you can send letters
you do it the same way through mail bag
Monday only right that is for his
birthday and to open it on that so I'm
doing a big thing pranking the side I
mean you're gonna have a good birthday
that will be your day off from pranks
this month so oh wow it's a birthday yes
the old man's birthday yeah we do so 65
years old 65 years spectacular is my
teeth read Bridget not really if you're
wondering why my teeth way that they are
it's because I just prank grandpa don't
brush them that - probably yes - device
all right man I'm trying to talk all
right man let me talk just go to the
dentist
feel your breath does stink what stopped
me funny
although the floor tell me about this
it's red because I went to Burger King
and I got let's bring your breath your
breath I can't keep doing this just best
not too much shut down me shit I'll meet
your appointment for you you need to go
can I talk I thought you were I'm trying
to keep talking about fucking batteries
think my teeth yeah he does just yeah he
is he his cavities will grow back why oh
man my teeth the rape is our prank
grandpa with a Burger King black whopper
and I may not think it killed me notice
cuz you have cavities Fred you do my
eyes deceive me
no no it's not true it doesn't it says
no Dave breakfast all day breakfast at
McDonald's I want a hash brown oh my god
wait they have a special all day
breakfast menu ill there's some
Agrippa's on it dear McDonald's when you
say you're serving breakfast all day
please include the McGriddle the
greatest thing I've ever tasted in my
whole life well I couldn't get him a
griddle but I what the hell's that on my
arm
oh that's too think what I just I
couldn't get him a girl but I could get
the McRib so here we go let's check this
baby out
made out of a hundred percent pure dog
meat I'm just kidding I love you can see
me I'm gonna try the McRib it's good so
right now I'm about to read a letter on
camera
I've actually already recorded it but I
wanted to put this part ahead of it to
give you the opportunity to skip it if
you want to because it goes on for a
while
it is it's a whole thing that I did with
John Oliver and HBO and last week
tonight involving televangelist and he
sent a letter back and it goes on from
about four minutes to about ten minutes
and thirty seconds so if you don't want
to sit through and hear the letter and
see what happened go to 10:30 and finish
the vlog so about a month ago right
before I went to New York City I watched
an episode of last week tonight with
John Oliver and if you've never seen
last week tonight with John Oliver it's
an absolute must see you know it's kind
of like the daily show he used to work
for the daily show and he moved over to
HBO and he does one show a week it's a
half-hour recap of the week and if you
haven't seen it I absolutely recommend
it it's highly entertaining it's very
knowledgeable and he did an episode on
televangelist and if you don't know what
a televangelist is a televangelist are
these TV preachers that use you for
financial gain
send them $25 and those sends you a
letter back where you can send another
$60 and they'll pray for you they once
they want you to plant your seed how
they put it
send me your seed and I will plant your
seed in the ground for God to grow you a
tree would really they're not doing
anything except taking your money
they're flying around in private jets
and they're taking your money and
they're telling you not to get treated
for cancer because all you got to do is
send them money and they'll pray for you
when God will melt the cancer out of
your chest and it's sickening it's it's
sickening the way they do what they do
to these people and let me make it clear
I'm not talking about religion I don't
have a problem with religion you're free
to practice any religion that you want I
just have a problem with people like
televangelists taken advantage of other
people for financial gain when it comes
to putting their health at risk
it's absolutely sickening so he did an
episode on televangelist and he began to
talk about how easy it was for him to
set up his own religion so that's what
he did John Oliver set up a religion
called Our Lady of Perpetual exemption
which basically just means tax free
money and he asked all of us to send
have money clearly he does not want
seeds he made that clear do not send
your seeds he just wants money
so I sent $100 to John Oliver and I sent
a big letter about helping me plant my
seed into nikki Haley the seed of idea
nah not my seed so I made this whole
thing and he just sent this back he sent
a letter back cuz it's so neat isn't it
it's fucking amazing so here he is this
is John Oliver
hey John Oliver and I've opened it up
but I've not taken anything out of here
yet so here we go we're gonna check out
what we got okay the first thing
actually Bridget is they sent back our
letter what yeah I know you said nobody
from South Carolina this is what I sent
him I know you said nobody from South
Carolina but I need help planting my
seed in Nikki Haley
money is the answer the money he sent
the money back - oh good money and a
letter that's so funny
why can't South Carolina participate I
don't know that's so annoying so this is
the letter that I sent Dear John
praise be I know you said those from
South Carolina I can't participate when
I won't allow my state to choose whom I
can and cannot worship please accept
this seed of $100 on behalf of myself
and my father about our seed back in
2012 we were kicked out of our trailer
part because Boeing wanted to turn our
trailer park into a parking lot
they still haven't Governor nikki Haley
exclaimed nobody was hurt when Boeing
came to town
not one person she said so I guess me
and the other 3,000 people that had to
leave just don't count as people I hope
my seed can be planted in nikki Haley so
she understands who she her us will you
help me plant my seed in the nikki Haley
seed of idea people yeah my seed there's
more in there
Our Lady of Perpetual exemption closed
praise be on to you sir that's what it
looks like what he sent and it says in
his eye
mega Reverend and CEO of Our Lady of
Perpetual exemption
Church pastor John Oliver we thank you
for all your kind donations but I'm
sorry to report that we have closed down
the church and let me take a moment to
explain why it's certainly not because
we have to we have still miraculously
not broken any laws but I promise you
untold riches and return for sending us
money we're also not closing down
because you kept sending us actual seeds
even though we explicitly told you not
to we're closing because multiple people
sent us sperm through the mail and when
someone since you jizz through the mail
it's time to stop whatever you're doing
so we're shutting this shit down praise
be John Oliver PS all previous monetary
donations have been forwarded to Doctors
Without Borders we did not send the
sperm so he closed it down but he sent
all the people's donations except mine
obviously the Doctors Without Borders oh
wow it is an Our Lady of Perpetual
exemption temporary tattoo oh that's so
funny I should get this actually
tattooed on me let's see here
dear Michael Greene we appreciate your
interest in supporting Our Lady of
Perpetual exemption however as noted on
our broadcast a website we cannot accept
contributions from resident of South
Carolina and we must return your money
please accept our heartfelt appreciation
we hope you will enjoy the enclosed
tattoo respectfully Pastor John Oliver
mega reverend and CEO today well more
than I didn't expect any response back
so even to have something like this is
so cool so I'm gonna send the money to
Doctors Without Borders myself I'll
donate it on behalf of you guys anyway
even if you can't accept because I'm
South Carolina I'm still gonna make the
donation this is amazing if you guys
want to see the broadcast that I'm
referring to where he's talking about
televangelist check out the link below
post in the comments the kid behind the
camera sent you I'm gonna be in there
talking to I'm really this is really
cool man
what is the one one just though I'm
gonna hit us you know I was on Twitter
and our news station was saying that
everything is closing tomorrow people
though treating me saying they were
under like a state of emergency yeah I
have nikki Haley issue don't
I don't know what if the internet goes
out and I can't even upload the freaking
Burger King video tomorrow oh my god do
this that's really possible but maybe I
can use I don't know you guys if I don't
get the Burger King video up tomorrow
where I pranked that to thinking the
black whopper killed me
maybe not kill me so much as ya killed
me it was gonna kill you I was gonna die
for my injuries if I don't get it up
tomorrow I will try to get it up this
weekend I really want to get up tomorrow
though cuz I really want you guys to see
it I'm gonna try you guys I want this up
for you tomorrow so you can see it click
like if you're excited to see me prank
ramp on the thinking of burger killed me
I think I told him I put a rice in it or
something ricin from Breaking Bad you
look right I gotta tell a throwback
Thursday store but I don't know much to
tell that one I mean I think you should
buy it it scares me to think about it
scares me I already have chills I'll
tell it I mean there's no other reason
other than I mean I don't know I'll tell
it I'm scared
well what if it was real and something
else happens and what if I don't want
here nothing
well that's almost gonna be a free day
you guys but before I got out of here I
wanted to tell a throwback Thursday
story and because it's October I wanted
to make it spooky and we haven't had
that much spooky stuff happen to us well
okay we have we've had some spooky shit
happen to it enough for of the next few
years of throwback stories but I wanted
to think of the scariest some of the
stuff that personally scared me to think
about today and Bridget reminded me of
the story today and I wasn't ever gonna
tell this because it's kind of personal
and I was never gonna tell it it's just
something I chose not to ever speak up
to anybody I told her and she convinced
me to tell you guys so so I told you
guys many years ago we had a personal
family friends I got hit by a car and he
died
he is gone he died in the hospital a few
hours after he got hit by a car and we
saw it happen and it was detrimental it
was devastating was absolutely
devastating and we were all pretty
crushed for the next several months
after that now what happened next I have
no explanation for maybe my mind was
warped because I saw somebody get hit by
a car and died in front of me I still
can't explain it to this day because I
don't believe in ghosts
and but thinking about it scares me it
really does scare me so I can't really
explain it other than I was going
through a tough time in my head was
messed with but one night I had a dream
and in the dream I was sleeping on the
couch and I was sleeping on the couch
and I heard a knock on the sliding glass
door next to the kitchen table and I
looked over and there was our friend I
got hit by a car and died and was
standing there and he was waving at me
smiling so I got up from the couch and I
walked over to him and the first thing
that I noticed and this is one of the
things that I really didn't want to say
is he looked like he did in his Pascack
which is one of the more terrifying
things to think about for me he looked
like you did one his weight and it was
terrifying to see but I wasn't scared I
walked up to him and I said hey hey hi
how have you been and he was asking me
how Kim was and they were dating when he
died and he was asking me Oh how's Kim
doing you guys I've been watching you
guys are having a lot of fun I wish I
can have fun last them what's it like to
be dead and he said it's pretty boring
and I asked him how heaven was and we
had this long discussion and we were
talking and he told me he had to go he
wanted to go see Kim he was like okay I
got to go I'm gonna go say hello to Kim
now and I said bye and I walked over to
the couch and I went back to sleep and
that was it
the next day I woke up and the first
thing that happened is my sister
Jennifer asked me who I was talking to
with a sliding glass door Michael that's
not it
that's not the end of the story are you
gonna finish the story I mean you don't
have to scary yeah it is pretty clean
yeah so I don't I'm scared to tell the
end of the story that wasn't the end of
the story I'm a little nervous to talk
about it because it is kind of scary um
so I had a dream that I was talking to
our friend at the sliding glass door and
I was over he said hello he had to go
talk to Kim and I went back to the couch
and I went to sleep and then later on in
the day me and Kim we're talking and I
hadn't told her about the dream yet I
was gonna get to it
and the first thing that she said was
she had a dream about our friend the
night before
so we both had a dream about the same
guy the same night when he told me he
was gonna go see her in her dreams
coincidence but terrifying it's a
coincidence
I don't believe well it's a scary
coincidence that I can't like that is a
scary coincidence but that would I would
I would consider one of the scarier
coincidences of my life I realized this
video has gone up late I tried to make
the videos a lot earlier lately but I
didn't want to the first half of the
vlog happened about between about a
30-minute break because I didn't want to
tell it anymore I just I didn't want to
I took a break I was like I can I'm not
gonna tell me and I wasn't gonna keep
the story cuz it's scary to me but
that's the story I'm gonna get out of
here I'm kind of scared
thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe what what see
