what's going on you guys get me on a
camera here for Joe us here right there
and today is Saturday today is Saturday
Saturday yeah it's Saturday okay yeah
cuz tomorrow's New Year's Eve right well
okay yeah you're right yeah today is
Saturday and today before we do anything
else if you didn't see the two videos
that we upload a gesture made number one
I uploaded grandma's thoughts on
grandpa's passing on the angular ground
pot show channel and I can promise you
guys this is a tearjerker if you haven't
seen it it's very sad there's a
wonderful music montage about my friend
AJ thank you so much dude you're the man
AJ University is like he's incredible at
video editing thank you so much and then
we went over to Grandpa's house where
Jennifer claimed there were rats now we
search for rats Doug had a gun we
pranked each other but in the end there
were no rats and Clyde looks adorable so
I'm filming him anyway guys today is
Saturday we got to talk about Jenny yes
and we're gonna confront Jennifer
confront oh yes how do we do that I'm
just gonna go up swinging no yes your
question Cindy so when dad came home
from the hospital said you cleaned his
house real good right mm-hmm
so did you see like any signs of like
rats rats yeah Jennifer like said that
like the house hasn't rats everywhere
and Doug goes over there with a freaking
pellet gun walk around like Rambo you
know and he didn't see a sign of any
rats and Jennifer still said Jennifer
texted me said last night that her dog
saw a rat but Doug told us he see no
rats
I didn't see anything that resembled
like rats
I mean I didn't find out droppings or
notice what I was mostly wondering
droppings or any vintage so nothing
nothing no then what would be the
purpose she's just like why is she lying
though it was she lied about somebody
me off in the parking lot of a freaking
grocery store yesterday almost got into
a fight so yeah so it's not like above
her to lie yeah obviously but why is she
doing it just wants you guys over there
all the time you know you think because
I sort of thought that
hey very well could be I mean maybe she
just doesn't wanna be alone over there
she's gonna warn ya and the kids well
the kids are you know mostly under our
supervision right now but still right
fright now she's got Warren yeah she's
got Jamie yeah what's tyranny she has
that is we go over there enough like you
would still go over a lot right we're
literally every day yeah Jenny I don't
know what's going on I feel like we got
to just go over there and confront her I
agree how would you do it
you're gonna drop we're basically
basically and conger liar I say okay
Jenny wears threats
show me the rats show me some type of
proof of Brants okay I think that's kind
of the way to go we just do what so so
we just walk in like hey you know I I
thought we were gonna see a rat last
night
I've only been I don't walk in and say
hey Jennifer why are you a liar I'm
walking like ah here we go
yeah make it up I think we're gonna have
to confront them seriously yeah
definitely just why I'm Cindy is not
like acceptable especially about rats
not unless she's got a brain tumor I
don't know
oh don't tell her that no you don't have
the brain tumor okay but I have a
headache she kept hearing practisin
Wyatt yeah what was a good doctor I
haven't seen that episode Oh see there
Chicago may should know Chicago she was
seeing right yeah and then the tumor
even did it be in like some type of
tumor one way or the other we're finding
out let's go to
here we go yo
well
did you guys like catch any rats all
night none did you see any not last
night but now you said they're out every
night they weren't last night yeah but
if every last night Council is every
night I thought you said the rats come
out every single night
well maybe they need more anything last
night but they came out after you guys
left without here no last night okay
well that's more than about to off see
yous that's the weird thing is but you
just say you didn't see any while you
guys were here see I'm just trying to
say like I've never seen a rat here
Lauren no you you remember you told me
you saw one I've never seen I've never
seen rat
I haven't either it was a rat
any can is not a rat what I'm trying to
I'm just trying to like wonder it would
you did what have you thought he's
alright you didn't like what if you
confused rats and dogs or something I
know what I saw okay Doug said he went
all through the house
just say Doug went through the whole
house under the house he didn't see any
signs and I'll leave you that picture
you said was a rat that look going to
shoot it did a shoe I'm not accusing you
of anything Ginny I'm trying to
understand if you were to have made it
up you made it up I love me you're right
you why when you're lonely why are you
lonely I'm all the way over here oh you
go do this knock on the door if I'm not
out here just not gonna do it feeling
part for me I don't know what to do
anymore so wait you wanted us to come
over just call do you know we live you
could always just come over you wanted
to order our house come over Lauren
you're just order house come over right
now yeah you think we know what to do I
don't know what to do without dad I'm
lost
we're all laws the most comforting part
of my day would be coming over here and
seeing him smile and then messing with
him relentlessly for a vlog like that
that brought so much comfort to me and I
don't have that anymore then it may a
miss
immediately I didn't expect it to go
like this I know I didn't know because I
lie and I'm mad about it you're gonna
lie about rats to get us to come over
yeah I mean we'll come over and you can
come over and even call and we'll call
you're not alone we're all sad we're all
sad all right you know split man
hey we all miss them and it's a
day-by-day thing and we all feel lost
you want to just talk just couple more
Midori I was gonna send my doors unlock
but it's not because I don't know you
people showing up yeah I know our doors
are locked
it's not real I'm walking yeah this blog
is going to be called Jennifer exposed I
can't believe you've made up rides
you made a rat was just right just so I
know what is there a reason you made
that the person flipped me off did you
really think he's all fight I wouldn't
make that up
well the vlog for yesterday went up
about an hour ago if you watch it I call
you out it was a lot what is this
Oh what now Jenny don't kick us out I
thought there was something to that hug
what do you think maybe I'll create
another road you want to throw me out
look at all oh my gosh Michael can you
see it on camera
yes I can do this I could see it yeah
guys do the ice Oh No
how much does to do this you better be
careful honey you might slip in and hurt
yourself babe chill yeah I do that I
really hope I don't freaking slip you
need to crawl - what are you doing oh I
hope I don't swim it's salt what's it
it's salt that's ice no that's salt
Jenni salted the thing so nobody slices
off of it you knew I knew yeah I'm
freezing you want to go in we're gonna
go just a second I feel really bad for
Jenni me too can you see me on the
camera
yes all I see is a totally freaking
bright white face throw this guy's no
now I just so see you had no idea we're
going home so there we have it you guys
we got some confirmation out of Jennifer
but she made it out
and I'll be honest I did not expect it
to be so emotional I know but jenny has
made up a lot of stuff but like that's
the saddest one she didn't want to be
alone she is no she's darling she's not
all of us we've been there every day
we've always kind of been there so guys
we are on our way home right now
Jennifer I'm sorry that you feel that
way it's horrible
we're called way and a driver seriously
just a phone call away and we've been
going over more than I thought honestly
I thought it'd be you know impossible to
go over I did too but it's like it
hasn't been impossible to go guys we're
going home
Jennifer see you tomorrow gonna be
getting out of here in just a minute you
guys before I do I wanted to take a
second to just talk about what just
happened with Jennifer because that was
intense guys I did not expect what
happened to happen right like I thought
we were gonna make fun of her a little
bit late you made up the rats and she
would laugh and we'd have a good time
and poke at her a little bit but I
didn't expect her to actually blow up
and and say something real so Jennifer I
love you I'm sorry that you're going
through something right now we're all
going through something you know and
it's gonna take us a long time to get
over it
so I hope you watch this part of the
vlog and you can use what I'm saying is
some sort of peace you know my doors
always open for you you know any time of
day you can always come over you can
always come hang out you can always talk
to us where a phone call away were a
neighborhood away just coming out with
us you know it's it's horrible that goes
for any of my family you know Kim
Charlie all you guys you want to call me
call me up write me you know we all need
each other right now Lauren all of us
need each other Bridget we're all this
extended like family brought together by
dad and we've lost him but that does not
mean that we should all start straying
apart from each other we should all get
and just forget the past and grow as a
family so getting out of here in just a
second you guys I just wanted to give
that message to Jenny Jenny I'm sorry
you're going through something but we're
always here let's do this outro that's
gonna be it for today you guys thanks
for watching you know I thought was
gonna be funny I know right I didn't
think it was gonna get like sad and she
was gonna have like a meltdown I know I
feel so bad Jenny we're always here for
you I hope you know that like seriously
Jimmy loved you it's like I said a
second ago you know we're always here
guys getting out of here thanks for
watching
yeah screwed up day but make the best of
it getting out of here like subscribe
Jennifer my door is always
who is it what yo what's up hey what's
up what time is it
three all right a little weight we were
sleeping okay dude thanks come by thank
you she's going through something maybe
we could talk for like that just like I
mean it's kind of weird but 3:00 in the
morning Ginny one day oh hey girl
I missed you it's cold out there
yeah how about I cook some breakfast
okay
