what's going on you guys kid be on a
camera here for just here right there
and I just realized this stuff still in
my face the word has wiped off
unfortunately but this right here I'll
fix that no Bridget that was yesterday
I've got no plans for today man I'm just
gonna chill I got air conditioning
I'm not going to Grandpa's house I'll
save that for Friday when I give them
the burger I'm just chilling dad you had
dad's head like another week off good
lucky for him right yes happy dad I'm
not breaking your commandment or your
demand means if you're wondering why
this is on my head click the link below
and the link here or here so somewhere
over there click tattling
right now it's raining out I've got no
plans to be out of Matt I just want to
chill at home watch TV Wednesday's a
good day for television so that's all
I'm doing today I'm gonna watch I think
I just said that fairly sure my word
said is just raining well at least I
thought so it's raining I'm not doing
anything I am gonna open a hoorah I got
that today yes whoa mine was a cute
little thing that yours was just like I
don't even know what that was
so anyway forget so anyway forget that
let's get this winds they've started
nothing style because that's what I'm
doing today nothing why do you call him
trying to do this I can't get help it
just so those tickling my throat anyway
let's get this Wednesday started see so
Kimberly sent us this like Halloween
cloth it's for like windows and Bridget
wants to put it on the golden play
button I'm totally against this idea so
you know I can't really reach it can you
help oh man no I got it how's supposed
to go uh like put it on top you know
like this yeah
and have it hang down just a little I
love it
that's how supposed to be yeah pretty
much this is supposed to be I don't
understand it's like like what you've
seen haunted houses yeah well I gotta do
a little to it but yeah is crap no it's
cool I thought my eyebrows were n more
than they were but I guess that was the
marker darkening the area because I just
washed it all off my eyebrows
disappeared before my very eyes oh you
just cover the whole play button dude
uncover that even I'm not talking to
reach this oh Jesus oh that's pretty
scary how is this supposed to create
people out there's a piece of black
cloth it's like what you see in a
haunted house I've never seen that in a
haunted house like look at the picture
okay ours is a pretty far cry from the
picture dude oh let me try it
oh all right that's pretty scary see
something scarier yeah
okay what do we do
I don't know we've been sitting here for
like 20 minutes already so am i clear
yeah we're at Walmart right now and
right we got there's like a monsoon hit
and it's our pouring down rain and we
were sitting here for like 20 minutes
stuck look at that I'm gonna real go
down turn the car on oh well then that
Jesus ridiculous
oh no you are a bucket we want to make
chili don't we yes 1 2 3
damnit
it's backfired Michael's out you know
what that was actually bullshit I was
not expecting you to run and store her
well that really backfired on me holes
are supposed to do without the way it's
like vegetable yeah I don't know what it
is either it smells like like shit well
great fucking pepper
Rick awesome but oh my god
bad luck
yeah really
Oh what is that I think it might be you
let me moving
don't smell it no more oh so Michael is
watching his old videos for us watching
my chilis video so I can learn how to
make chili yeah I really gotta start
putting the ingredients and stuff in the
description so step one I'm browning the
meat I got it
all I really do you need is to get to
the point where I'm adding seasonings to
the pot and then I'll know the recipe to
the chili what are you doing what are
you doing I stink
take it damn shower Oh take a shower
thumbnail well I can't breathe I stink
just get in well I'm home from Walmart I
took a bath so pick a boy no longer
stinks and I'm starting the chili
hamburger meat is browning behind me and
I'm getting all the ingredients together
so this right here is everything going
into chili right here we have two celery
sticks cut up one bell pepper cut up two
tomatoes cut up in three sweet peppers
cut up this is three Reds and one yellow
sweet pepper cut up right here is an
onion that's diced right here is two
teaspoons of cumin three tablespoons of
chili powder and 2 teaspoons of salt 2
cans of dark red kidney beans a can of
pinto beans 1 can of tomato sauce and 2
cups of beef broth all that is going
into this right now not only that so I
love to be easy
that's me being Cartman he care I'm in
Pinta Bisou Chile in Scotch Entenmann's
Paris onion the big plate of vegetables
look at that that is one vegetable last
chili beef broth tomato sauce and all of
our seasonings everything is in there
now we stir I'm using a red spoon to
stir because it's silly
all right now I'm just stirring it all
together and we're gonna let a simmer
for a while you just gonna keep checking
on it I don't know how long to simmer it
for I'm probably gonna simmer for about
an hour
all right people it's time for horrible
och got this today
very excited me too alright here we go
the first thing we got horror face
coasters drinking coasters to scare your
friends so Bridget if we wanted to start
using coasters we've got cool ones
though to scare our friends is that
really gonna scare anybody Bridget yeah
let me sit my drink back oh my god
you my friend have some scary coasters
in your house holy crap get those out of
here forgot they were coasters okay a
DVD oh cool
Night of the Living Dead okay the
original study that's very cool the
original night a Living Dead
and it's unrated it's a horror classic
holy cot oh cool
Return of the Living Dead word magnets
for the fridge that's so neat you make
our own work you'll see what I would
make they're coming right between the
eyes they're coming right between the
eyes
you know a copy of room art magazine
this one is discussing 125 years of the
Ouija board oh my god I'm reading it
very interesting
okay this is a horrible exclusive from
Titan vinyl figures and it is from alien
that's so cool
without the alien and we got a character
from the movie I've never seen an alien
I've never seen aliens people tell me
that I should I've never seen it though
a lot of people say I should just skip
alien to watch aliens because of James
Cameron either way
skip the movies and play alien isolation
hardly feels like a Silence of the Lambs
book is it is this Silence of the Lambs
it's a moth it knows I'm saying Silence
of the Lambs but it could be something
else if this is not Silence of the Lambs
guys let me know in the comments what
this is it looks like you know the cover
of Silence of the Lambs to me but so
that's the whore block we got this shirt
we got the word magnets we got the DVD
with that the vinyl figure we got the
magazine we got the coasters horn block
whoo I love why do you do that whoosh it
it's obnoxious whoo whoa okay this chili
has some more time to go but it's
already okay to eat because I want to
try it for one it's freaking 7:41 and
the vlog is going to go up so the
Chili's gonna thicken but I'm going to
show it to you now because it is edible
if you're a member of the green house
not a green house but the green family
house your chili comes with sour cream
little dollop in the middle
oops I was a little cheese a little bit
of lettuce and put in chips and this is
how we eat chili so let's give it a
taste
gum Joey
well that's gonna be it for today you
guys thanks for watching i stunk
Bridgette left me in the rain at Walmart
I made chili
I opened a horror block we had air
conditioning and my day of chilling
didn't turn out that way I had to do a
lot of stuff we were like ice cubes last
night it was freezing it's so cool I
look like Jack Nicholson at the end of
the shining you know it was completely
ridiculous so I was saying her my hand
on my hip the whole time anyway that's
gonna be it for today you guys the chili
was the horrible ik was the rain was the
rain was Walmart was because I anyway
I'm getting out of here thanks for
watching you guys
like I'm not turning it to Bridget
subscribe subscribe favorite no don't
even
