what's going on you guys kid be on a
camera here for just here and today is
Tuesday and I can't I was gonna try to
fold him I was gonna try to tell me that
I was not working but it is it is it's
already cooling off you just left oh my
god sweet air why are we on here that
was my thought
let's do plus fixed this we're in the
house now just like that there was magic
we should go on panting tell it full
lives I think I would have fooled him
with that trick it was flawless
yeah I don't want to drag this intro out
because I've been too good of a mood to
talk about other stuff we've got air
conditioning folks it's cool in this
house the dogs are feeling good Bella's
drinking water again kaleidos chilling
is eating we've had air conditioning for
about 15 minutes and it's already
feeling I'm doing this until Bella sauce
drinking it already feels so much better
and oh I'm thrilled I got an itch in my
nose I'm cutting this intro down cuz I'm
ready to get my day started in the cool
air you guys click like you want to see
grandpa eat the whopper you guys click
like you want Bridget doing makeup we're
gonna do that today but there's only one
thing that I care about right now
because yesterday I told you I had a
plan a plan that I was gonna come
through with when the air got fixed a
plan that I had planned all weekend
that's been sitting in my refrigerator
waiting for me to take care of it I'm
talking about
before we get to the meatballs though
you guys wanted to see it and I figure
why not have my eyebrows on all day even
when I'm cooking the meatballs so it's
time to boom just letting no guy go to
Walmart later for what know why not we
gotta go to Walmart later what is this
markers I'm drawing your eyebrows on
with marker did yes with markers that
I'm not going to Walmart later Michael
you have to yeah okay I'm leaving uh
Michael I'm just not even keeping us
part of the ball yeah you are just can't
believe I'm doing this
it feels like you're going like really
high no I'm not no you're definitely
please stop don't go high like that I'm
not it hurts what you do that okay are
we done
no you're hurting me dude
please stop this she's jabbing it into
my face hey got one color down
it looks really realistic okay
what is there what is over here Michael
let me just do this
I don't trust you I don't have a flip
thing so I don't know what's happening
to my face right now please just do it
okay okay I'm doing it
there's no eyebrow here other ed Oh son
of a bitch I can't oh my ghoul it up it
looks good it looks like nothing ever
happened
I can't go to Walmart Michael yeah you
can though you have to this is what
happened you what
what come on what happened I thought I
got sharpies that was yeah that was dry
erase it but what the Hat must have
taken it off no this sucks
this really sucks looks like I got no
more lab rats now I've set the drama on
again believe me no one knows anything
go hey you have no eyebrows so can it
look like it you don't to me whatever
this whatever only the best for my ass
is me specials oh god you're so cute
that's how easy it is to make Bridget
thank you cue just go dish make huge oh
god it really is so cute do it again
buuuut cute though dish me huge oh my
god yes people are looking we have to
draw some more eyebrows on to my face
because Bridget used dry erase marker so
do you have a better marker this time
yes okay
what are you doing
those were not eyebrows huh can't see
what does that so what is that bitch
it says bitch doesn't look like it I
started up the eye bitch do the eyebrows
okay and how is this marker any better
is getting my eyeball I think this is
just come on can we stop now like a
caveman oh my god I'm not done okay
folks it's that special time it's time
for me to make one fourth level cup
Parmesan cheese some freshly cut parsley
one cup of fresh bread crumb two
teaspoons of oregano 1/4 a cup of milk
and two eggs now we start mixing it all
together yes I washed my hands okay so
when you roll the meatballs
Bridget stop laughing I really forgot I
did that for a second
okay when you roll the meatballs you
want them to about a size like this and
this is the question that I get the most
often not the eyebrows the question that
I get the most often or at least most of
the time whenever I make these on camera
is why do I put them in raw you can't
eat raw meat because I put the meatballs
in the sauce raw the reason I put them
in raw is because this is going to
simmer for like 3 hours it's going to
cook so the sauce is going to cook the
meatballs are going to cook is going to
be solid and it's going to keep a moist
while it cooks now check this out
you don't want to stir it right now if I
go to start right now I'll rip the
meatballs apart so
I do this it softly stirs them covers
all the meatballs up with sauce
voila what I didn't know there's
meatballs in there and we have these
meatballs if you want to cook them in
the oven too you can do that too
so you preheat the oven to 425 pop them
in spray the pan it feels really good in
here I'm exhausted but damn it let's get
ready to eat some okay the next thing
we're going to do is get a king so wine
hot dog bun which I have right here and
I put a little bit of provolone cheese
in there so you can see that it is
cooked inside cuz everybody's like oh it
doesn't cook so there you go
cooked meatball and it's extra soft
that's just one meatball folks and I cut
it on the plate so I can dip it you know
that wasn't my intention that's what
I'll do
one little meatball cut down the center
program cheese sauce delicious
haha hmm this is a celebration babe
oh yeah thumbnail so Bridget does not
like the Hawaiian rolls with the
meatballs why is that why not you know I
don't even want to tell you cuz maybe
you'll start thinking about it is it too
sweet
or no I just feel like the Hawaiian
rolls with the meatballs it changes the
flavor of the bread like it doesn't a
sweet but it tastes kind of like blood
Oh God
no but the meatballs are delicious the
sauce is really good let's make sure you
did you try meatball without the bread
maker okay so it is the meat bread
okay so it is the bread yeah well well
didn't you buy I thought you bought some
rolls we put those back cuz I was
confident with Hawaiian roll I've had
Hawaiian roll meatball sandwiches I love
them and I don't taste blood but I
probably will now so thanks a lot
try it now it's all I can taste now
won't make a possible to go with it just
kidding I still love it it's a little
bit sweet it's a good meatball but
Bridget want some pasta with it because
she don't like the bread so that's what
she's gonna get now I'll show you how to
kick it up a little bit to turn it into
pasta we're making two meals
so first we're gonna start by adding
some of our sauce base to this and I
will show you what to do next
in just a second I'm also including some
meatballs into this because this is a
meatball sauce folks now some heavy
whipping cream and that's it just a tad
we add some whipping cream and we whisk
it into the sauce okay so first thing
I'm gonna do is add a little bit of the
red sauce to the bowl not much just
enough because an extra flavor on that
pasta now we take our pasta and we put
it in our Bowl
now some of our cream sauce and we place
some meatballs okay whoa well I just got
done making the meatballs and they are
good they're very they're very good they
cook quicker than the three hours that I
told you they actually cooked in about
an hour and a half the way I said that
remind me acquitting tarantino one Pulp
Fiction Bonnie gets home in an hour and
a half
graveyard shift at the hospital so
anyway I'm gonna get out of here before
I do as I like to do the little thing I
did earlier if you want to see the full
clip check this out why are we on here
that was my thought let's do plus fix
this on the door oh this ha shit oh I
shall find stuff turn the light ready
that's how I did it obviously as if it
was you know people look ah he's magic
wasn't even that perfect anyway this one
was kind of faltered a little bit but
that was it
but anyway I'm gonna get out of here I'm
super happy I just realized my faces all
jacked up I just remembered that he
still did the makeup thing it really is
well I just got to tell you I don't
really think you're a bench okay I don't
think you did well I wrote it on your
forehead to be funny I assumed it was
funny at the time now I just feel bad
for you I feel bad for me too I'm gonna
get whatever I can all mine I'm gonna
get out of here you guys thanks for
watching let's see that meatballs clip
one more time
special thanks to Jim for coming up with
a 3d portion of the logo thumbs up to
Bridget for coming up with the following
meatballs that was her idea I'm gonna
get out of here thanks for watching you
guys I look like a fool the meatballs
were good we got cool air again all is
right with the world yes and dad is in
the midst of being pranked yep okay that
was sick
