what's going on you guys get behind a
cold air condition I'm just kidding it's
still broke
today is Monday for just yeah a little
wait time angry backup
today I have eyebrows this eyebrows shit
today is Monday and today we were
supposed to get her air conditioning
fixed and we didn't last night was one
of the worst nights of sleep of my life
it was absolutely horrible I couldn't
sleep in the frigerator I've been saving
the stuff to make meatballs for an
entire week as a celebration for the air
conditioning unit getting fixed
hooray we've got cold air let's eat
meatballs and I've yet to make them it's
totally ridiculous the guy was here
today to fix the unit he started it and
then he left
Midway see you tomorrow I don't know if
I could take another night of heat like
I just had it was absolutely one of the
most I woke up at 9 o'clock in the
morning after going to sleep at almost
6:00
I had no sleep at all it's this is like
the worst day yet the heat is out
outrageous so I'm gonna hydrate got some
water not cooking no meatballs gotta get
fast food hopefully the water help me
lose weight and I've got to sit here and
think the fact that I don't have
eyebrows and I got to do business with a
guy fixing my air conditioning you know
the whole time wonder if he's looking at
my you know eyebrows I'm gonna open a
wrestle crate we're gonna get some fast
food it might be a short vlog folks but
that's because it's unbearably hot and I
apologize if it is a short vlog I don't
know yet the day still got to progress
it might be a long log but it's possibly
a short vlog and if it is my sincere
apologies anyway forget all that let's
go ahead and get this Monday started
hottest day of the year style
I don't care who sees me horny Mitch I
recorded that I've opened the box the
best I could so hot
shirt beside this thing it's filled with
stuff that I can tell you that so the
first thing looks like it's a keychain
slash little Lucha Libre stuffed animal
that's pretty cool so that's pretty neat
thing number one that's sting of a look
at that last well plus shirt okay it's
another one it looks like so that must
be an actual person that I'm not aware
of in the wrestling industry but he got
his sticker now too and it comes with
this wrestling DVD I don't know any of
these people oh but I'm loved
independent wrestling I like to watch it
as often as I can so we got another
independent wrestling DVD this is pretty
cool it's from Lakewood California on
May 8th this looks like a double W eBook
Wow it's a comic look at the CM punk art
that's pretty cool pretty awesome or
excuse me Phil Brooks haha UFC superstar
yeah something that confuses me is this
as a definitely you comment why do they
have UFC stars in there Yeah right point
the next thing we get is another one of
these limited edition prints
this time I have Stardust it's pretty
cool there's so much stuff in this dude
and we have this which I believe is blue
pants from NXT hey girl
boom pants blue pants boom pants I'm hot
and so is she okay now let's go to this
it is a sting pop toy which I crudely
opened on accident when I was ripping my
boxer so we should we play that in slow
motion really yes
okay are you happy yes okay next up is a
shirt it's a big gray shirt gray it's
huge I will wear it it says heel with
Darth Vader oh that's pretty cool I'm
gonna wear that right now actually so
and I'm not doing no tricks on a good
time for it just my big fat body take
off this shirt yeah you're gonna go -
laughs this ain't you of course not
I just realized that did this whole
unboxing without eyebrows oh my god oh
oh oh so that's the rest of great this
month we've got the heel shirt the sting
pop toy a signature from blue pants the
book the DVD the little lucha thing the
frickin art and the sticker this box is
packed yeah it's pretty awesome people
have been asking me and I am in no way
affiliated with Russell crate because
I'm a huge wrestling fan people
automatically assume that Russell crate
was paying me or something to promote
them in the videos and that's not the
case I just think it's an awesome
product I love it I subscribe to it
every month and if you like wrestling
you should too because Russell crate is
freaking awesome dude
and this month has so much stuff in it
my apologies to the guy who does Russell
crate for ripping the box like that
what can we blame Bella yeah it has been
seriously one seriously hot week it's it
pisses me off actually I want this
fucking air conditioning fixed I'm
getting angry or everyday about it so I
want my air conditioning fixed it was
supposed to be fixed Friday it should
have been fixed on Wednesday it should
have been fixed on Wednesday was
supposed to be gift fixed on Friday
instead it was supposed they moved it to
Monday and it's gonna get fixed on
Tuesday hopefully yeah
I'm doing I'm getting fed up about it
dude so we just got to Burger King and
we see they have a Halloween
black whopper click like if you want
grandpa to try this black whopper I
might not even tell him it's applied in
a pumpkin spice shake can I get two
black whoppers with no mayonnaise and
show you what the heavenly mom can I get
to the Halloween whopper yes with no
mayonnaise so Bridget ordered the black
whopper but it's called to have a weenie
it was called the black whopper over in
like Japan or something Oh regular Sheen
she was like what is that it says it
right there on the sign Halloween
whopper Oh click like if you want
grandpa to try the Halloween whopper bro
click like okay I'm gonna open up the
Halloween whopper next to Bridget's a
little Halloween haunted playing it's so
cute so here we go
holy crap look at it that's so cool
ready for a thumbnail yes how's that
that was pretty good attractive all
right here we go try be black whopper
onion
there's a wall broom can I try it
mm-hmm I like that's really fun honestly
it's bright bad I don't know what to
expect
good we got to get that a try um
absolutely and we knew we need to prank
them I was just reviewing the footage I
added it to the computer I was looking
and the thumbnail was too dark so I got
to do it again and gonna act like a
freakin window liquor again
well that would actually looks like the
picture look it's nice and pretty
I know all right how's the lighting in
this one good all right
hard for me to be the face again man
he's like we're where's my brows oh man
good one you got it
I don't I keep moving the camera still
you got I don't see is moving
necromancer the full time you know other
hand on it okay yeah use me a heavy
well that's gonna be it for today you
guys thanks for watching Bridget never
got to do these we never got around to
it because we didn't get the stuff I
went out and I got a black whopper and I
didn't go anywhere else to get any
either stuff for the eyebrows my fault
however tomorrow I got you baby
I'll do right when I like that I will do
it tomorrow and remember what is that
bug remember to click like if you want
grandpa to try the Halloween whopper and
I won't get him to try it I'm thinking
about getting to try for Friday Friday
grandpa will has a Halloween whopper oh
okay obnoxious thanks for watching you
know real spider actually fire I'm out
of here like subscribe
