what's going on you guys kid beyond the
camera here and today we have a tornado
warning I don't begin to hear the rain
or the sea lightning behind me but there
is a tornado one yet by the way I am
wearing this mask again because I shave
my eyebrows up see Alan I don't like
being out here in it I'm going in
I know collide I hear it too buddy scary
hello Clyde wants the cheese balls with
a mask which one you after buddy just
like that's all I've ever wanted in life
so I'm just sitting here two o'clock in
the morning watching TV with Belle and
Clyde you like hanging out with me at
night
you mean I hope you like it thank you so
Philippe right now and Clyde is chewing
his mask I guess he has to blog without
a match today oh my God God God stinks
god this please oh it smells so bad did
you wipe it what do you mean why there's
slime and stuff in it oh you would have
done that I did it Oh Oh God
yeah Oh God hey Michel okay it's
whatever who has ten toes and no
eyebrows you I've heard all the jokes
hey somebody had four the one gets on
the internet can't browse hey I was
really clever eyebrows pleading hide and
seek this is embarrassing dude I I
believe it I'd be embarrassed for you I
didn't do it though forget it
well I'm not keeping out of this well
how can I hide them for fucking out
intro you can't
just this is what I'm doing that works
but this is no point because I'm up I
you do the intro what's going on you
guys I look like a fucking freak okay
too close
kid with no eyebrows behind the camera
here but just here with eyebrows Oh tell
me straight up did you plan that why
would I do that
then why are you making fun of me so
hard you should feel bad for me I don't
have a do feel I can get off I can't
leave the house anymore
I got show in this picture what picture
dude this is humiliating
you're so cute I'm Ella throw your phone
Michael what happened to the mask I
don't know Kylie just chewing on yeah
right I was obviously I was gonna I
planned on vlog in that mask aw mom
where's the Jason mask
where's the Michael Myers mask no idea
you hid them I you better not to show
that Jason mask i was expensive I will
lose my shed I bed okay she didn't
destroy the Jason man hey Frank stop
it's fake you if you haven't seen the
video yet where I lost these check the
link below did he fart no so you have no
eyebrows in your farting I didn't fart
you're being stupid right now so anyway
I gotta go to Walmart no yeah if you
honestly think that I'm leaving the
house without eyebrows you are crazy oh
my god how is it that my beard is
already growing back in my eyebrows
aren't I red how long does it take I've
read it they're cut too short they won't
ever grow back don't say that don't even
say yeah I know Michael I'm gonna
fucking bash this shit up dude it's not
funny I didn't really read that I swear
I will bash the fucking thing with the
ground Michael come on come on the mom's
life it'll grow back I think they'll go
but they should do better carry more
people sent me a picture on Twitter like
of this egg boy do you know who he is
Humpty Dumpty I
I think comparing you enough with this I
think you're really y'all look like
Humpty Dumpty I don't look like Uncle
Fester I don't look like an onion Oh mom
you Michael you really do look like your
mother right now when she had blond hair
that was crazy and he deal was like an
onion but it's really cute this is
someone beerus on what oh you're cute
I know you planned this dude I would
night I'm gonna be unhappy until you
admit it
Michael why would I do that I wouldn't
do that my eye which eye is one this cut
oh right here look at this people can
you see it I felt very Stan you see it
yeah I'm at when I ask a question the
first time you answer it that is I can
do what I want okay when I say something
is wrong oh yeah I can't take you
seriously look at you you better start
taking me real soon so right now I am in
the process of looking for my glasses
because Bridget lost them why would I
lose yours uh because you know they're
the only things that made me look normal
Clyde buddy you know my glasses are he
ate them don't don't say that come I
gave it to another tree Bridget somehow
thought it would be funny to snap my
glasses I can't even talk to the camera
I can't I can't look at you are all
laughing oh my god Michael where the
glass is I don't know well hello Walmart
then I don't know I know they are tell
me where they give me yours you can't
see on mine just let me see if I can see
out of them right I can't see nothing
out of me I told you that Michael you're
seen you give me my god everyone the Hat
and I tried
Oh Lord I tried like you the star to
find my glasses come for my glasses come
find my glasses come find my glasses now
we can't take you serious
ah looking for glasses Bridget broke
them up and I'm getting pissed
you gotta stop laughing at me so much
Judas Hartman here you said - liar no
way where are the glasses at I can't
walk on the store like this you're gonna
know what's up oh man I mean I think
you're cute I think you look adorable
why don't you force me to come yeah
because you want to make meatballs
tonight you could I could give you a
list now I can't even tell I can see the
reflection I'm looking at my face in the
gelato and I can tell that my friend
eyebrows were gone
oh oh Michael I need my glasses do you I
don't know where they are those are the
only things that make a relatively
normal and I know you did they really
don't know where they are good some with
you it didn't sell in quiet ate them
I don't think Clyde would do that
everyone's looking at you look Bridget
pumpkin spice oatmeal I am getting it
just too much pumpkin spice stuff today
let me show what you will see here
pumpkin brownies pumpkin spice rolls
pumpkin I love it
what is it with pumpkins I don't know
they're just soaked in we can't tell I'm
not showing my face because forget
enough
why is there no diet grape I know I
always want freakin diet grave there's
never die I've seen it on mine but I've
never seen in our local stores so are
you staring at me like this yeah I'm
trying to vlog hey you look funny no
shit so if anybody knows where we can
get diet grape soda let us know in the
comment oh I just doesn't have any
eyebrows hey what's up Claude you go for
round two
oh you know it yes what you do what's
this why do you love that math so much I
have no idea
so notice anything yeah I don't my
eyebrows I Bridget had my glasses in her
purse all day
now you can pretend all you want you
shouldn't put them in my purse
why would I put my line for your guy
would I put because you're doing Bridget
we all know you wanted me to be a freak
in Walmart which I was pre-war Turner we
ran into some people that recognize me
who didn't believe that I didn't have
eyebrows so I had to take off my hat and
look like the Uncle Fester freak that I
am without any eyebrows it's humiliating
and you are enjoying every second of it
I know how Fay I know you planned it I
didn't I hope you enjoy having a shaved
head I wouldn't do that and you win I'm
shaving your head go ahead try
I went do that because I know charges I
know you will that's a pick you would
yeah I look fucking extra weird laughing
I know that do it wow I just was I do
don't I
you're cute though I'm out of here dude
guys this has been one oh you got a good
boy you got it now my god you go ahead
and you eat up that mask it's yours
it's his oh this is just day one I don't
think they're growing back I really
anyway
what I don't think they're growing back
what's what your eyebrows I think
they're permanently gone
come on dude don't fuck around me I'm
serious I think they're gone you didn't
read Madol nothing I ran it dude I read
it I meet I read a post they stop you
you need to just stop it cuz I know
they'll grow back they will then see
look they're not
