what's going on you guys kid be on a
cold day here virtuous here it is really
cold to them what is the temperature
like 64 this feels pretty good
especially when you've been in a hot
house I feel like I've been in a sauna
for the past week yeah we did we need AC
and right now this just feels wonderful
it's wonderful today feels wonderful
Bridget has been mad at me all day
yesterday today because I keep pranking
her what is this
it was it's not that bad okay I made you
think I had a heatstroke yesterday and
what was the other I putting a towel in
your head that's a aren't bad price but
I needed a and I'm gonna get you back I
needed a I'm gonna get you the Bridget I
needed to entertain myself because I
didn't have dad well now it's my turn
all week and that no come on stop saying
that cuz you're gonna go evil think of
something and then in the line I can do
what I want go uh what do you want I'll
clean the house it's already clean oh
okay thanks to me what do you think of
something as a trade-off
okay fold our clothes and hang them oh
come on please come on I hate doing
think of something else that's what I
wanted you keep saying you want to cut
my hair I'll cut your hair cut yeah you
can cut my hair and my beard how much
pain
oh I'll cut your hair and beard I'll
satisfy me but you also have to hang up
radicular Club fine okay what is this
sucks dude you always freakin gouge into
my scalp when you cut my hair well I
won't this time and that'll del square
us you won't prank me back
I won't anyway today is Thursday and
today we're still in a hot house but it
feels a lot better today yesterday is
actually it's warm inside so it feels
really don't interrupt the king when he
this one
those are really expensive I think you
should get Bridget they're $30
hey hey I'm right up here nah I'm not on
the ground what are you what are you
looking at one of you come on dude these
are good okay yeah the $30 okay
those lb know what else is nothing well
there's this you're 21
we need good hair covers not buying good
ones are why they break apart this one
is the one
okay so thumbnail Tito Santana so I got
one figure today so far wait I think
you're opposed should do it what I think
careful should cut your hair let me I
think you should cut your hair my hair
yeah instead of me he'll rip it out by
his bare hands
well no Michael no I'll satisfy me and
I'll do the laundry I'll fold the
clothes and hang them of course deal all
right now buddy
where you doing here chill out chill out
commander right which is what dr.
Nakamoto buck did you memorize
I don't believe us number eight what no
right how'd you memorize that
you ain't my name off okay I fine let's
go let's not give him the opportunity
swallow a bubble up dude what well
Bridget you say I think you should cut
his hair
what yeah I got hey come on man glad you
come over I'm really glad you better not
get into my skull come to my barbershop
I won't drop you can do you yes Audrey
hang on
well Rory yeah what's gonna happen to
the lights are off
yeah you take the popcorn team this is
not a barber chair dude I don't break
this to pieces you bring it you buy then
don't worry sit in it so if you pick out
down this is gonna break hey babe get it
out of my face with that thing did you
just broke your thing you see this this
is what I'm talking about getting hair
to cut my hair I'm burning your hair oh
my god no honey I need to get out so get
out of this you know sit out yeah yeah
yeah oh oh I can't breathe
ah all right we got a few kids per
minute car warmed up who's Bob met on
the Barber of Seville on the Barber of
Seville okay dad can I do an intro any
hitter so lately I've been praying them
come on this dude I've been pranking
Bridget a lot lately
I'm a peasant dad lately in as a way to
apologize and move forward what are you
doing no you didn't want let you scallop
me this is just stupid now forget it
stop filming me get out what is your
deal here you go the air you freaking
just stopped you stop this Bridget here
you go and watch your damn head
you gotta realize you're gay I'm afraid
you leave it it out sweet stop please up
no high man
I'll see you later are you forcing why
do you like that get all ready to go
when you break a commandment show me oh
my god you're awesome
I'm never bye-bye
no dude nice all this what is what I'm
resourceful it's not funny dude oh god
yes it is I'm legitimately thinking of
ways that I can be seen in public now
just go like that I can't wear a mask
everywhere but I'm not going on vlog
like this I don't even think they want
to see that everything's a big laugh to
you ain't it
Michael how can I not laugh at this come
on I'm not applauding it I am stop
saying that I am though like I come on I
have to you uploaded a birthday prank I
didn't want that uploaded you lose your
eyebrows in the birthday prank no but I
didn't plan that that was not that was
not it's supposed to happen
you're just supposed to you know get
hurt or something like cuz he's rough
I'm not anything any intent I don't know
what anything you just said what Burt
what I just wanted him to shave your
head cuz I know he's rough okay you see
you're laughing I can't help it you're
freaking talking in a mask and without
the mask you have no eyebrows I cannot
take you seriously this wholes what it
is
so anyway I'm not uploading this I am
they don't even care they don't want to
see that dude check Twitter click like
if you want to see me get my eyebrow
shaved off nobody wants to see that and
then follow me on Twitter cuz I'll post
a picture no don't post that picture
pictures humiliating oh you better not
post that picture you're really cute
forget all this like subscribe favorite
and that now
