what's going on you guys get behind a
heat wave here we're just here and today
is help me out cuz my mind is just the
first day of all the day of the week
Wednesday and today's the first day of
fall yep
it feels kind of good out here right now
is that what that's about I think that
oh thank you mother Arthur for saving me
from this heatwave it's good out here it
sucks in there so today is Wednesday and
today apparently is the first day of
fall and the third or fourth day of us
being overheated in our own house yeah
it truthfully sucks we decided we're not
gonna get a hotel today we were gonna
but they're gonna fix it on Friday so we
can bear in this heat for another two
days hey maybe I'll sweat it lose some
weight you know that's the silver lining
here that's pretty much it that's that's
the intro for today man my mind is
middle it's melted like ice cream oh I
don't think it's hot let's get this
Friday started
it's Wednesday Wednesday Thursday fall
no some second day of summer
so Bridget just went anytime so I can
tell you what I was up to just now I'm
making Bridget think all day that the
heat is giving to me within by the end
of the day I'm gonna be so sweaty that
I'm going to die or over ate whatever I
plan to do but anyway that's the plan
I'm gonna do it a lot today you're gonna
notice little things with me not really
being myself
that's prank okay so right now it's
feeling okay action so right now we're
trying to position the fan so close wind
into the house hopefully this works out
better
you have liking that oh it's actually
not as bad today as I was yesterday
though so yesterday was Saturday and it
was completely way cool I met Tuesday
Saturday yesterday was Saturday no a
Tuesday Lily of this project more
pumpkins I know I got that at low you
got a whole bunch of these things I only
got two Oh
so that new pizza at pizza last night
would you think about it all right
it wasn't that good the crust wasn't
that good I I think it was the way it
was hook
ah
ah Michael stop what are you doing uh oh
stop it
so what stop doing that who's gonna eat
what do you want for dinner oh no so hot
what about Papa John's Thanks what are
you doing
so the chips and blake old offices we
shall get the gibbs the vlogs camera
let's go to the fucking hospital now i'm
fine dude let's go to the hospital
you're getting an MRI
i see you have a brain tumor don't joke
like that to you what are you doing up
the heats just messing with me not even
that bad let's go to the hospital my
mouth how you feeling today Bella oh she
seemed in a much better mood to them and
she was yesterday well obviously she had
got cut open yesterday oh it's not that
hot baby so we're just checking on our
incision see if we gotta clean it or
anything it's a little red but just that
normal
oh you look a lot better today though
Bella she should be back to her old self
tomorrow bounce me back to a good old
self tomorrow Sunday so I wanted to take
a minute to talk to you guys about the
cloud deprivation above
if you guys want a shirt click the link
below Michael check it out what I'm
funding click the link below and you'll
grab reserves so if you get your anger
grandpa sure they're being shipped out
today so if you're getting them check
out the clouds and the different put
Bridget well I can't use that
can I please vlog what eat I'm talking
to the camera you're saying something
loud like talk about talking about a
check out on the grumble shop so if you
ordered yourself an anger grandpa shirt
boom the link is right there check out
the clouds and the night clouds I mean
you got me think about cause you got me
thinking about them so there are a lot
of the shirts are being shipped out
today so if you got yourself a shirt
blob on the clink below so and plague up
what are you ok
I don't know may go on Bello just wants
to children Cage if you can't tell right
now the cage is hood in the living room
because we're keeping it in front of
this and we have the fan of the window
over there and so we're trying to keep
them cool so we're keeping them right
here and she just likes children there
it's the coolest room in the house it
feels relatively good right now what is
cloud looking at balloons oh Jesus
oh he wants to watch tell us in the
crypt oh my god
tell us the crap that's what tells from
the crip or is it tells of the cradles
from I'm saying I'm the one who's having
brain issues okay I'm the Crick
- sweet me Bridget I told you there's
nothing wrong with me I don't know what
you're hinting at
okay uh you're just weird did I Wow then
one weird thing that I did I don't know
you're just acting strange like so so
you can't name a weird thing though I
don't know it's telling you had a stroke
outside oh Lord
seriously hearing that Clyde Clyde heard
it
what the hell what did your vlog I had
to get out of the house Oh Michael come
on yes we gotta go to a hotel
yeah so huh today just take a take a
cold shower Michael Michael I'll be all
right
are you do the internal lived on the
intro yet okay I'm calling on you I'm
not gonna do nothing
i'm calling 9-1-1 what's going on you
guys I'm not gonna film Bridgette I've
had it with this I'm not filming I'm
gonna call 9-1-1 I feel fine sorry I
live in hell I can't repeat that so why
cuz I can't think of what you said
okay Michael come on sit down
sit Michael pushed me I did not push you
mr. dobbert Josh no no just stop this
were you filming before you told me to
are you gonna die oh come on with all
this he's been this is hard
come on Mike let's go to the hot get
this heart let's go to the hospital give
me a coke you need water coke zeros when
I don't focus at me please
here clemency move on Wednesday Thursday
Tuesday Friday
Coke Zero
Michael I'm calling I drop it you're not
calling 9-1-1 dude i'm calling down i'm
calling all right it's the tow Jesus so
joke
its water brainy y'all day what I was
trying to keep it going all day fuck I
was trying to keep it W piss don't be oh
please
is it hot in there it's a lot colder out
here so I'm gonna make sure you stay in
there now you let me in the house dude
oh yes gum a Coke Zero what are you
doing dude follow
everything's a joke to you I just
destroyed your favorite snack I'll eat
them crushed these are the ranch ones I
don't like ranch these smell good
you welcome though you're gonna have to
clean your clothes
whoo maybe I'm not a clean man
but calls he clean we're gonna dirty
some clean clothes so closee go take a
shower
dirt okay what come on you so why would
you go for it again I don't know maybe
because it can happen why is that fan
turned off let's get it on so you might
have thought that it was a joke
yesterday in Walgreens but we got barrel
Oh Jeeves balls guys hey guys something
what it's the first time we've actually
had a cheese bowl and they're amazing
gotta get him out of here
what are you talking about you had my
balls in your mouth all the time and you
love it your balls have never been in my
mouth well they will be yeah
well that's gonna be a birthday you guys
that was good today I'll have you seen
the orange but I've been eating those
cheese balls those are quite good
Frank bridging all day pretty much the
entire vlog consisted of me pranking
Bridget so that's pretty good very good
she's not even talking to me right now I
don't like the way your eyes are button
were you up to
Bridget is mad at me she's contemplating
revenge just think twice before trying
to get maybe you think playing come on
dude a little joke you go crazy that's a
problem with you you go too far when you
prank bad just gonna wear the ghost oh
yes a fan
bridgie goes too far this is why I
usually don't prank her because she
takes something simple like oh look at
this - something dangerous oh okay don't
prank me think
what that's Adam
yeah cheese stuff on did I you told me
before I start a record that I didn't
Frank I'm gonna get out here thanks for
watching you guys
I got Bridget good yep
thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe favorite fun and everything
bridge of us and that's it I do the
cover of the lens
