what's going on you guys kid behind a
camera here for Joe sto so bridge West
right there and today is Tuesday and
today I'm gonna tell you guys up front
it might be a short vlog today terrible
Tuesday this is a terrible Tuesday for
us right now at the end of the vlog
yesterday you might have heard us all
optimistic the air conditionings getting
fixed well guess what that didn't happen
it didn't happen we have no air
conditioning it's 80 degrees inside so
I'm gonna try to change angles let's try
this hey you can see me now the sunlight
with this camera I'm using the 4k camera
today by the way because the other
camera is completely dead so I had to
change my angles because this camera
sucked so bad so anyway we don't have
air conditioning right now
Bridgette went over to Grandpa's house
this morning to get a cooling fan a
little metal cooling fan that he had I
wasn't allowed over I'm barred from the
house for the week so okay dad whatever
makes you happy I'm not a lot back in
this house so right now I'm actually
coming outside to cool off and what
could be described as the worst timing
ever we got to go pick up Bella in a few
minutes because she had surgery today as
you can see by the title of the vlog
Bella had surgery we had to get her
spayed and a teeth-cleaning which was
obviously the most significant thing to
say so the reason that we had to get
Bella spayed is because as she gets
older her uterus will stop contracting
as much and it could be really fatally
you know it could be really bad for us
so the doctors suggested that we get her
spayed as soon as possible before her
next cycle because she might be going
into heat so we had to get her spayed
which is horrible right now because
there's no air conditioning which is why
we got the fan and we're gonna point her
right at Bella so she's good after her
surgery so anyway that's it for the
intro I got to go pick up Bella and then
we're thinking about going to Lowe's to
look at fans because we're hot and this
is ridiculous we saw him way fatter than
you are I need
more cool air this is ridiculous I'm
burning up just because I need my own
fan pointed right at this is where dick
didn't we should get you one what time
you gotta go develop like five minutes
maybe we should start get me a shot okay
Michael yeah I'm burning out here stop
Jimmy Lee crowd I'm hot too I'm hot too
can we get a bell or how's that not
happening I'm sorry I'm really hot you
feels alright
Michael move my turn give me ten minutes
at least this Hey please oh you're so
cute oh hey you sure I don't know where
yours I have to do laundry
what when I wear the filthy shirt yes
Wow come on dude okay well we were on
the way to pick up Bella and I don't
know if you can hear wind but I don't
care we turn on the cold air as high as
we can baby cuz I'm ready to cool off
let's get it while we can
yeah hey Jason mask
hey big snake hey first hey hat she's so
cute oh my God he's adorable
she's like I'm missing part yeah okay
though she's so cute he's drugged out I
know I don't know what this is alone
every day was I'm just chilling out here
cuz it got cold air I mean this I'm
gonna lay down on this bench and Ali
what do you think no cuz I got a feller
in bed whose sarcasm Oh easily
so this is her incision poor thing
I don't know if you're mad at us we're
getting that done for you baby but who's
for your own good we don't you getting
sick later yeah
love you fella
how about we put it on the floor in
front how about that
yeah you girl yep
we should having a little bit of trouble
eating it off the floor so our feeder
Oh
why just push the balloon
into the fan over here
he's like what the
Oh Clyde for budding it's so hot in our
house that I'm getting ice cream can you
believe it
granted I didn't need an excuse oh you
can go I'm here
we are frickin burning up in our house
I'm sort of just chilling here for a
minute just to cool off actually
take a cold shower my goal anything it
would take out I'm gonna take a cold ice
cream shower all right I want to put
cherry now that I got ice cream nothing
cools me off more than chips to go with
these will really cool me off what do
you think I think so I'll to eat them
all tonight maybe alright oh we have to
wash your hands when you're done because
the same thing no I wipe off my orange
hands on the carpet or anything white
that you own which is nothing there's no
one thing we haven't get married I'm
gonna eat these and wipe it all over
your wedding dress is that even
necessary no let's get cheese balls what
let's get cheese balls Jesus I've
already got cheese balls right here it's
now on the house Oh oh my god when I go
take a shower that's the grossest thing
you've ever said to me I think people
gonna think that Pizza asked me to do
this but they didn't pizzas got a new
pizza and I'm just fat and I want to try
that's not it I want you to new pizza
that's not it what are the odds would be
the last pizza man it is a breadstick
crust pizza look so you just got two
layers of bread stick you pull it off
and you dip it cheese sauce those are
ranch sauces Oh however those are cheese
sauces which order four cheese sauces
were the others Wow
it feels really good out here Bridget it
really does so that's bad when it's so
hot in your house that you have to come
outside to cool off like it actually
feels really good
I'm gonna sleep out here tonight I think
Bridget
when you wake me up tomorrow just give
me a good once-over and look for Black
Widow bites other than that I'm good you
know good for Black Widow bites check to
see if I'm foaming cuz I might have died
in the middle of the night by something
else biting me well others
inside I'm sleeping I live like I was
ever gonna he's I would sleep I
therefore I could wrap my body up and
saran wrap yeah and I'm just like
mummified like you would just sweat it
true I'm sleeping inside that's gonna be
it for today you guys I realize this is
sort of a short vlog but it is hard to
vlog and be entertaining when you're
boiling alive it is boiling it's so bad
so I think tomorrow we might be going to
a hotel I don't know we'll see oh I
don't think we should we'll see because
this is ridiculous it was like 80
degrees in that house today and I can't
sit at night fat guys we need cool later
so for pet friendly hotels ah I got a
headache from the heat so I'm getting
there need some ice cream so thanks for
watching you guys wish me luck
wish me nan black widow bites wish me I
don't know I can't even think I'm
getting out of here thanks for watching
you guys like subscribe favorite and if
you get one of the anchor grandpa shirts
in tweet me a picture if you win another
each rule we need to vigilance okay
