what's going on you guys keep me out of
camera here for Joyce here right there
and today is Friday today is Friday and
you guys if you haven't seen the video I
uploaded on the angry grandpa show
channel I encourage you to go check it
out a lot of people have been asking me
what is go what what is grandma going
through right now
grandpa's ex-wife you know they were
married for thirty years and a lot of
people including me actually we're
wondering what is going through her mind
and we got our thoughts today we
uploaded it and this profoundly one of
the most heartbreaking videos that I've
had to watch it's so sad mom I love you
so much
you know your marriage didn't work out
and you both knew that you guys were so
incredibly unhappy but at the same time
in the end to have so much love it was
really sad you know it was a moving
video it's like even though they got a
divorce they still remained friends but
that's the most important thing it did
remain friends till the end they love
each other they hated each other they
couldn't stand each other and it's just
really sad if you haven't seen it check
it out my friend AJ made another awesome
tribute video go check it out anyway I'm
trying to get happy right now
I've been really sad all day because of
the tribute video guys today is Friday
and today we were going over to
Grandpa's house because Jennifer says
that there's rats like I'm like I don't
want to do this I'm terrified of Brad
back in July we went to Grandpa's house
with Grandpa because he thought he's
already turned out Lauren was lying
there was no rat it was a joke
she was pranking us and karma be a bitch
because now there are rats
Doug's over there we're on the way over
there your ad you need to figure out
where the rats coming from it's time to
hunt some rats by the way we're also
doing the throwback story that I forgot
to do yesterday let's get this Friday
bug started before I tell my throwback
Thursday story you guys in
I'm telling a throwback story right here
at the beginning of the vlog but before
I do that I was challenged the other day
to make a recipe a recipe that they say
it's very hard which I seem to think
it's not gonna be hard I don't know
somebody told me to make homemade hot
cocoa and it's freezing everywhere
around the world right now so why not
try to make some hot cocoa that you guys
can follow the recipe at home so let's
do this
code night story time let's make some
cocoa first step is 1/3 a cup of
unsweetened cocoa powder unsweetened
folks do not get the sweet stuff next up
is a 1/2 cup sugar and a pinch of salt
those go right in there mix well
everybody get a pot that doesn't spin
like this
finally 1/3 a cup of boiling water you
got to be very careful that you don't
burn this you guys it's very easy to
burn this you just want to stir it until
it's a nice bubbly mixture then you want
to turn it down don't let it fall off
the lens come on unfuck usually you want
to simmer it you guys for about two
minutes and then yeah add milk three and
a half cups of milk and after that you
guys you're just gonna stir it around
until it's very hot I'll be honest folks
it was starting to taste a little too
bitter to me so I added more sugar
now the original recipe said 3/4 of a
cup of sugar but every comment was like
I let's taste we take it down below half
the top so I listen to those people
instead and I think they were wrong that
sugar takes away some of the bitterness
that's in the unsweetened cocoa so you
could do whatever you want I'm adding a
little more sugar I want a sweeter it
looks like which is diarrhea most cases
much better huh I'm starting with a
Halloween spoon and the bottom of this
cup I added a little bit of
half-and-half that is actually going to
help cool it down when this gets in the
glass and make it really creamy so let's
dip this in and pour it right over more
plays
what am i stupid don't answer that
question
of course I'm adding marshmallows oh
yeah oh yeah
couldn't go out of the lair of whipped
cream okay was for style let's just
taste this thing honesty hour
I'm tasted better it kind of tastes like
the packet and stuff I went a whole long
way to make inferior cocoa factors
Connie gross going over to Grandma's
house in just a minute you guys so we
get hunt for some rat but before we do
that I wanted to tell us throwback
Thursday story about New Year's Eve
about angry good what's going on you
guys fighting or something quietly
feelings alone first let me drink a
little bit of this delicious hot cocoa
it's repulsive don't do my recipe folks
it's an utter fail guys it's disgusting
I want to tell a throwback Thursday
story about a New Year's Eve that I
remember you know when we were kids we
had nothing like we had less than
nothing we had to save up to be broke we
were so poor that going out to dinner at
a restaurant was an urban legend we
didn't believe people actually did it
right we didn't have money and every New
Year's Eve dad knew that we wanted
fireworks and we couldn't afford them
and dad would always try to do whatever
he could to make sure that we got
fireworks on Thanksgiving and I never
told him thank you for a dad
salute thank you so much
so bad um thank you Dad for doing
everything you could for our family you
know in ways I told you things but I
never specifically told you and Clyde
please stop humping felix okay bud this
is too hot anyway moving on I remember
one year for fireworks dad decided to
sow trash and this isn't a joke you guys
he actually sold trash he looked for
scrap metal whatever he could do just so
we could come up with 50 bucks so we
could go to the fireworks stand and get
some firecrackers and some bottle
rockets and and we were so happy we were
so happy that dad did that for us
and that year we could actually have
fireworks because I'll be honest the
year before what we were doing is we
were going outside banging on pots and
pans waking all the neighbors I play
yeah celebrate
they were shooting off fireworks were
banging on pots and pans delicious I
feel like I'm getting off the point let
me reel it back in so dad collected
trash and he sold it so we get enough
money to get about $50 but the fire
works for us and we loved it we were so
happy because it was kind of like the
first time we had our own fireworks
early years we would sit in front of
other people's houses and they don't
even know who - hell we are like who are
these people watching us right now like
and we're just like soot off something
big they're like like who are you go
home alright so this was our first year
of actually having fireworks and
midnight hits and we're like firework
time and we start shooting off fireworks
and the front door bursts open and it's
dad what the hell y'all doing I'm trying
to say
turn I got sleep around here can't get
no rest can't get no respect
I'm leavin you would never get another
firework again and we're thinking dad
you bought us the fireworks well we were
supposed to shoot up New Year's Eve
fireworks at 5 o'clock in the afternoon
this cocoa is disgusting so that's the
story you guys you thought it was gonna
be a heartwarming tale didn't you you
thought that was gonna be a tearjerker
our first New Year's Eve with fireworks
dad sold trash that we could get him and
it was our first time and he got pissed
off at us for shooting them dad that's
the point
right now we are on the way to Grandma's
house where Jennifer and Doug are having
a little midnight rat hunt I can't
believe this I can't believe there's
Brad I can't believe it either you guys
I hope you enjoyed the throwback story
now it's time to see if Doug and
Jennifer enjoy these sub sandwiches
courtesy of subway by the way guys this
is not hashtag ad okay we paid for this
yeah we bought some yes so love the
platters yeah okay yeah let's get to
grandpa's coming yes I'm coming to
doctor film Rossum sub sandwiches
everybody
if anybody's hungry what is that for
what are you doing with a gun
we're not shooting the rat dog we're
catching them they're releasing them uh
uh done have you seen the rats
yeah how big are we talking smaller than
a dogs daddy
water soup is oh I'm so sorry I was
thinking of the German shepherds we're
talking about the table okay we have a
scary distracted the tails are about
that long you can't use a gun Doug okay
no yeah you can't I do not want any
trouble with PETA and I'm sure they have
lots of issues with disease-carrying
rats being shot and telling ya no way
Peter there's a terrifying sight that is
oh my god okay just get away from what
I'm gonna show you Doug not shooting a
feel like Doug's totally serious he's
like totally deflated that he can't
shoot him yeah what though
Jenni something's going on with your
eyes girl yo she's literally you could
order diarrhea girl she's taking over as
the porter we needed one I tell ya I was
probably lost a fart dude okay guys off
camera she's part of three other times
that's not a joke we brought in the
death of the vegetable tray she farted
now she's farted again we got to repaint
the whole damn house yeah I don't know
what's going on what are you doing Doug
Bridget talk to your dad anything
when you do it she's gonna be a bachelor
why are you putting together we're not
killing the rats with a gun like oh I
think I should open the door well we got
everybody my work here is done I thought
you're so brave broken up officially
real quick what is that under the dryer
what there's like something sticking out
the bottom of the dryer nobody else sees
that what is that Oh Michael what do I
look at right anybody else it scared me
it looks like freakin rat paws or
something just sleeping around at night
dude that whole is no joke getting a
professional in here
I don't want beer anymore yeah we're
more about you first
it's a wooden spoon what's good Michael
just get it I'm not touching and now
International didn't help him what
scares scam dad stop it
stop scary guys here we go
yes we've done our part
we'll call like what turn next what okay
all right but at the house you seem like
a hundred percent sure you'd seen what
so what is he saying
okay 100 percent all right I'll see you
tomorrow
all right see you Doug
Bridget doesn't know this yeah
what Doug is under the impression that
there is no rat
what no right for real
no rat he went everywhere in that house
he checked cabinets closets crawl spaces
under the house he checked that
everywhere
no sign of rats whatsoever but he says
no one he he said he was going by with
Jennifer said oh he hasn't seen one
Lauren hasn't seen one okay what none of
the kids have seen one
it's just Jennifer huh so that's weird
what would be the point of making this
up I don't know she even sent me a
picture and then I started looking like
wait a minute what wrapped yeah
shouldn't be a picture it's like a like
a loafer or something like what is that
what is going on here I don't know this
is weird though
well why would she just make up like a
wrapping this does she not want to be
alone like I mean
that's kind of stupid though we've come
over anyway I know but like this late at
night it's going on five o'clock in the
morning right now
sure I mean Jenny we kind of can't stay
there 24/7 I can't move in by the way
this milks warm is that okay to do no
you're gonna get really sick
why look we got a good French like we
gotta confront her tomorrow about this
yeah this is weird
Jennifer I love you why would you make
up like rats right let's do this out
like I just we have two towers just
busted instead of like asking about it
that's right we just say we know yeah no
sugarcoat we know you made up the rats I
don't understand why yeah like what was
the purpose of this why'd I go over
there with a sub Trey and Doug wouldn't
bought a pellet gun and why oh my god we
spent money on this
Jennifer altro getting out of here
thanks for watching you guys told you a
throwback Thursday story that started
sad and turned funny made some horrible
hot cocoa it was disgusting not that bad
then we went over to Jennifer's house
for a total farce it was she's like
playing us like that is there a reason
my guess is she doesn't be alone but
she's got war in there she's got kids
there I don't get it so maybe that's not
it I don't know what guys let me know in
the comments section why you think
Jennifer would make something like that
like seriously she's made of some stupid
stuff before but guys like seriously it
could be any reason at this point cuz
she's definitely she a lot of stuff up
in the past she could just be bored yeah
I mean make up a rat hey hey she made it
the person flipped me off in the parking
lot
don't bring that ah it happened my girls
got into a fight in a grocery store
because she said they flipped me off and
they did it Jennifer your lines out of
control anyway guys we're getting out
here thanks for watching I love you guys
so much for all the support you've been
showing us we've been trying to
stronger like face-on vlogs because I
don't want to cry in every vlog I have
my times and I'm trying to keep that
from you guys and then for all of you to
be still so supportive I love you so
much I have some big things coming in
2018 if you follow us on Twitter you can
sort of get some hints for what that is
but that's not important right now
what's important is why my sister a liar
for what I don't know like what's going
on Jenny what is going on Jennifer
what's going on Jenny tell us what's
going on
