what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here
dojo sto very bubbly very bubbly today
Bridgette West right there right over
here and today is Sunday and today is
Mill vexes no now back Monday is
tomorrow we're bringing it back you guys
have wanted to see it you wanted to know
when we're bringing back Monday mailbag
tomorrow I'm going over to Grandpa's
house in the next hour we're gonna film
it we gonna have some fun we gonna
hopefully have Sunday dinner first
Sunday dinner in a while maybe I'm
pranking Bridgette this week no I just
thought I'd throw it out there maybe I
shouldn't because you don't I do
something small and like stupid and you
go fucking apeshit I need to I'm not
pranking her this week dad called me
this morning when I woke up and he told
me that he's got some rules and
regulations that I've got to live by in
order for him to live in the house so
we're gonna see what that is
dad I'm not good and he's like if you
rise you gonna rub my feet if you want
me to show you in this house well then
you can get out cuz I'm not rubbing your
feet I'm not gonna listen any roles if
you haven't seen the video from
yesterday click the link below we fit
grandpa's tent on fire and he was forced
to move back into the house
what a glorious glorious day anyway
let's get this Sunday started let's go
to Grandpa's house let's chill out this
has a fun Sunday style
Sunday Funday I want my ice cream sundae
okay what is this what is what is all
this door slide I'm here you did
yesterday yeah I get that I can't get in
the door this is my kingdom
what is this Oh doo-dah the new king of
manners though I see commandments no you
Phillip know what Commandments
that's dumb and mint that's like mints
right there you do they do you go by
them okay one yeah
though she'll down thou thou shalt
respect me AGP respect me okay to kiss
nobody ask but mine I'm tired of you
walk around everybody's ass if you won't
give people kiss mine three don't sing
around me you can't say man you got one
course you got no voice when I get to my
okay right now you're bringing the third
canet third commandment okay
three thou shalt thou shalt treat me
like an adult you are son I am daddy
okay five you'll take me out for fun
damn right
what does that mean maybe you are taking
me places
B who are you gonna Frankie's fun
parking play putt-putt Lake that's what
you orde KB then we'll go so one of the
commandments you coming back to move
into the house is I gotta take you out
for fun at least once a week maybe twice
oh we're wrong don't cost your daddy
that's right you cussed me too many
times I barely ever cuz oh you got a
foul mouth
I got it from you know I don't cuss 7
thou was a throw that he'll not steal my
toys what the help Toys Toys Toys
that's something we'll negotiate on
because there's no negotiations at the
commandment I'm sorry I wanted to go she
ate on this one no you don't need
somebody freaking weapons they're not
toys by the way they are toys they're my
toys eight
you aren't my what you read it I can't
read it
you aren't my neighborhood a man gave us
a little killer wrote on first of all
ain't a no every time I come every time
I turn I do your ass is coming over here
first of all you and my neighbor so
don't come over here all the time ain't
ain't a word that's not how you spell
ain't the man hey still neighbor that's
also neighbor neighbor old Ava in a
wifey you our neighbour three trap me a
dull three review three edge number nine
number nine trap me adult yeah can't be
liking it up the same when right there
did admit that his double imported throw
up ten thou shall kiss my ass - right
right are you joking with these no
doesn't do the find out I'm not living
by these demand are the 10 commandments
for Ag peace out
I'm sorry I won't do this then you get
out what is this a popcorn machine you
have a popcorn machine hey where'd you
get that you can't have a bathroom like
this not have a popcorn machine I
haven't been in here in a while
well I'm over the matter I can't call
you why can't you call me because
writing down in the house you burn out
the phone oh come on your phone's in the
tent yeah those are the 10 I ain't got
no phone okay so your man's destroyed
your phone's destroyed
I got no communication with the outside
world
ah you all right MA we just had an
accident filming mailbag Monday a mishap
with his new bar you're gonna get an
infection that's dirty right oh yeah
that right you're cleaning it with oh my
god you are so disgusting Jesus Christ
dad
should we try and fix it whatever is
broken huh huh it's fixed you guys you
have got to see this mailbag Monday when
we upload it
you went eight shit I'm not playing with
you I would win apeshit - Dara
you've gotta join us birthday song dad
was in the process thing and happy
birthday and something ones then broke
and hit him in the leg oh you good Jesus
how's your leg hurt man I know a meal
bag money can hurt so bad well am I in
your way is that what this is
so you know I'm not living by any of
your rules no one but you will live by
my rules
grandpa kicked me out again yeah just
like that
we did mailbag Monday he hurt his leg he
flipped out and then it kicked me out of
the house and he told me to stay away
for a week so Bridget I say we listen
dad you got a week off you're fine I
won't bother you for a solid week but I
will be back Sunday yeah for dinner I
gotta do another mailbag Monday this
week after we lose so I gotta be back
Sunday so you got a week you got one
week without me use it wisely and don't
show it to my house if you want the week
off because I want to week off to those
demands men
Commandments yeah he demands men so God
I demand all the mints he demands ten
minutes yeah I want ten minutes and I'm
back in the house yeah what was that and
he was trying to argue with me that
after it was after before I laughs after
I turned off the camera
we got into a little bit of an argument
over Commandments versus demand miss I
demand mids commandment what are you
kidding
it's to management I told you Michael
your dad is stupid it's a green thing
we're all stupid no you're okay you're a
little stupid
you're hoarding yes okay so just now
meeting Bridget we're leaving Walmart
after leaving dad's house and some dude
said if I had 20 bucks he would give me
something so come on
what I didn't show you this you know I
sold me a gun for five bucks
I don't want it we have it now I don't
want it so we got a gun so in a minute
your dad is too unstable this is our gun
I don't care
so in a few minutes we're going out to
the backyard me and Bridget enough you
might find it me and Bridget I go to the
backyard and we're gonna fire the gun at
the fence and we're gonna see what
happens no come on Bridget it's just a
gun okay I try if you look I tried to
saw the orange part oh god Michael
wouldn't work so I had to keep in my
pocket like that yeah but it for 598
well that's gonna be it for today you
guys thanks for watching Wendy grandpa's
house he showed me his 10 demand mints
he kicked me out can't go back for a
week so I'm pretty much stuck pranking
Bridget all week and I'm okay with that
Bridget you're getting pranked I won't
tell you win I won't tell you Wow you'll
see though go ahead
go on I'm not afraid of your applause
anymore because I'm ready
although am i call me spud job cuz I'm
ready okay I'm back she covered the lens
but I'm still here so anyway I want to
get out of here feel pretty good I also
feel pretty good about not putting her
in the outro so let me know but myself
right here I'm taking your hat off
hey people want to know it this is this
your little neck hole my little neck
hole your little cute in that call this
is a birthmark
oh that's a weird birthmark it was a
little tag of skin that was on my neck
when I was a baby and they just was that
born at the county hospital what was
that I don't know if this makes you in
work or not anyway I'm gonna get out of
here neck hole behind the camera here oh
it's so cute cover the neck hole you
know it's no open like it'll never close
it never closed it's never going to you
know it's actually kind of embarrassing
when I was a kid everybody had to have
identification because everybody was
afraid of their kids being kidnapped and
I don't know how having identification
will help that but they wanted me to
have identification and one of my marks
in a set it says recognizing marks small
hole and neck thanks mom that was
embarrassing
a small hole in his neck that's how you
can recognize my son Oh dad I'm out of
here you got a week off spin shoe week
wisely I hope you knit some rugs and go
guard selling goyard selling and put
pointment in your ass and pop popcorn
whenever it is that you do and your
spare time you got a week to do it you
don't got to see this pretty face all
week long so I'm out of here thanks for
watching you guys like I subscribe uh
favorite
cute guy look you got look
that's it
