what's going on you guys kid behind the
camera here
dogs barking around me and you're about
to see why the dogs are barking they're
a little freaked out right now
because grandpa is bad yes dear I'm so
happy we did that grandpa's back in his
house so if you're wondering how I got
well you probably already know if you've
seen the video if you haven't what you
waiting for check it out I'm so happy
dad I said I told you is there him
looking out the window no yeah he wants
us to go I'm not leaving yet
I told you guys I would make him go in
and I said it on Twitter it was Bridges
idea this is what's remaining of
grandpa's 1001 kitten pillow Oh
Bridget I wanted him out of that tent
and I was serious and now he's back into
the house so like I said if you don't
know how I did it
check out the video below you I sure you
get the idea by showing pieces remnants
of melted tent behind me I'll give you a
head we did not set it on fire I'll give
you another hint dad who was the one
that did the fire prank huh huh dad if
you were trying to set something mine on
fire I beat you to the punch by setting
your home on fire your tent is gone I'm
real I'm thrilled his tent is gone
Bridget fill me with pieces of the tent
for thumbnail
this would be like dad's flag flag in
the defeat wave the flag of defeat
grandpa Oh
want to see what melted plastic smells
like no will smell it bridge oh no smell
so we're in the process of hanging the
golden play button or should I say
Dougie's in the process that I'm
watching so we had to get some mirror
wire because this thing is so heavy that
we're afraid is gonna drop it says it
can hold 75 pounds
are you worried not really not really
worries me cuz he can't get her a place
yes that's true but oh I think it'll
hold that's already done does that mean
so this is what came on the back of it
and as you can see it already started to
bend this thing it's almost like it's
just not meant to be hung so we got some
bigger ones that we're gonna try to hang
it again just in case your breaks I'm
filming it just in case it breaks
oh and Bridget's gonna run all right
looks like it's holding this me.they I
think it worked I'm going to find out
hopefully if it drops the glass is thick
enough
it looks awesome
what do you think it'd work if at some
point it drops you to buy I need another
golden play by just throwing it out
there so doug has filled a shot glass
halfway with water and using that you
can see if it's level
yeah sure it's warm uh I don't know well
it's Saturday and tomorrow wait I was
just buying to say it's Saturday at
tomorrow's Sunday but I think if you
follow basic days of the week you know
that tomorrow's Sunday
but I'm in a good mood right now it's a
beautiful day cuz grandpa's in his house
it's a beautiful day I'm in a good mood
dad finally moved back into his house
and Bridget thinks that I was being
dicked around maybe you were you were
dick Tyrell
have you have you or have you not been
taking them to doctors appointments and
buying groceries all week input to
implicating implying I can't talk today
implying they does not have a man yes or
no just answer the question yes or no
okay so and you got a question
everything why can't it just be that
he's an asshole he's just an asshole
he slept in the yard because he's an
asshole he maybe maybe he drove his van
into a swamp I don't know he's an
asshole you want an example that
grandpa's an asshole I didn't see this
until somebody pointed it out Bridget
this is going to make you mad it made me
mad do you remember grandpa destroying
his deck yes why did he destroy his deck
for firewood Oh what is beside his
smoker on his back porch of his house
would like like thirty pound
a fire would and it was in yesterday's
vlog I hadn't noticed it
which means he destroyed his deck for no
reason not gonna get him a new one are
you a new deck a new dad
he's got no pool to burn to go around no
pool no deck
sorry grandpa Bridget anyway Michael
want you to know we gotta get into a
fight today I might give it now you're
throw-in my Saturday okay Bridget I'm
sorry sorry food like I said oh sorry
that's all I'm doing you sorry for for
being a little baby bitch for being a
bitch are you happy yeah that what you
wanted we're at Target right now I'm
trying to bring out my face my voice a
little because I noticed that whenever i
vlog public my voice goes really down
like target speak up I can't even hear
ya I'm speaking louder so anyway we're
in target make up I'm trying to speak we
burned grandpa's tent for everybody who
was wondering no he was not incited
people were tweeting me it's grandpa in
the tent no I didn't kill my dad on
video you don't worry about that I'm
happy I'm celebrating I'm walking down
the aisle looking for something this is
less looking walking or more movable
shut up
hired target no dude
so this has to be the most embarrassing
thing that I do in public
pulling out the selfie stick this high
oh it embarrassing right man
this thing right now we're in Bridget's
dream Isle I found the perfect place to
put hold it up yeah more pumpkins dude
this is really cute how could you not
get it look Michael point ah point the
plank everyone fine Bridgette is more
hipster costumes look I would be pizza
oh my god more bacon and eggs a hotdog
off this would have been good for him
that was in the tent ah well I just
wanted to show you guys this before I
came out for the vlog for today I just
want to show you the play button hanging
look at this wow it's so cool you see
the shadows based into the background
because I don't know if you could see
well like the depth of this thing with
wow it's pretty amazing as angry grandpa
would say I'm going to good there
playboy thing I know I probably sound
like a broken record but thank you guys
so much for helping us get this it is
just amazing
when I get Kippy on a camera I'll put it
right there I'll put the letters right
there I just I can't wait this thing is
crazy it was so hard to hang as you saw
at the beginning of the video Doug had
Doug I really appreciate your help dude
cuz I couldn't hung this without you Wow
well that's gonna be it for today you
guys thanks for watching
had a good day I prank grandpa last
night Doug hung up the golden play
button I showed you the gold play button
we went to Target good day dad I'm glad
you're back in the house I'm going to
grandpa's house tomorrow for Sunday
dinner and he wants to go over some
rules uh whatever he said there's gonna
be rules if you won't be back in the
house I don't know if we're gonna follow
those rules I mean what do you think
Bridget no but then again if we don't he
leaves where's he going
hope put up a tent and go under the deck
all I will finish up the duck my lord
ah Monday mailbag we're gonna film
Monday bed back tomorrow I'm gonna put
it up on Monday it's back for you guys
so err oh you're so obnoxious first of
all we were out by his tent for almost
an hour uh we started trying to wake him
up he wouldn't wake up we tried to wake
him up at one point and he wakes up and
he just sits back that it was a
clusterfuck we were either gonna pull
him from the tent and make him get out
of it and set it on fire or hopefully
wait for him to go to the bathroom which
is luckily what ended up happening he
goes to the bathroom we set it on fire I
expected it to be a slow burn I did not
expect the tent to freakin disappear in
like a second all you see is like pieces
of poles sticking up it was absolutely
ridiculous that's gonna be afraid of you
guys have you ever seen the video check
it out if yeah if you want an anger
grandpa shirt there's a thing over my
face right now unless you're on a mobile
device in which it's not but if you're
on a mobile device look below where it
says angry grandpa t-shirts and you get
yourself an anger ground posture they
are starting to ship out now they're no
longer on pre-order we just got a whole
bunch of them get your I don't know what
that was I don't get your shirt I'm
gonna get out of here thanks for
watching you guys once again thank you
for everything you do for us I'm almost
at a million subscribers now and it's
just it's amazing so thanks for watching
you guys that is so amazing
like subscribe favorite fun everything
did you have to grab it I twist it no I
get the last shot I gotta season - no
pickle boys faces is it wait wait
