what's going on you guys kid behind the
camera here for just here
I said I'm kissing you I kiss them you
guys just got kissed by Bridget I kissed
all of you if you don't like Bridget
easily I can't sign me now me oh you got
morning slime today is Friday and today
I'm going over to grandpa's house to see
if he wants to come either back into his
house or to my house take a shower
whatever I know he stinks now he's got
his own damn house a shower he won't go
in it well I know I'm sorry I don't care
we're just dad should be coming over
today for two reasons one maybe help us
put up the golden play button - I
shouldn't say should I don't say the
vlog might be at before we do it for no
reason just to come out just to hang out
you know
follow me on Twitter though and you can
see what's going on Vishnu us he's my
dad I'll definitely update I'm doing the
update Vishnu as I will update but I'll
be really do the updates cuz she
prepares it less I think not okay
follow both of us so Bridget dad's gonna
be coming over we're gonna be going over
to Grandpa's house and that's pretty
much it that's my only plan for today is
to get dad to take a shower because last
mo was there it oh god I can't think
about when we opened that tent dude I
thought we were opening a tomb oh it was
rocks it was worse than that come on
have you ever opened a tomb before
nobody there's no smell because there is
got to be a smell opening a tomb it just
has to me I can't probably banish the
tomb I don't know man
anyway we're just gonna check me
logistics privy thing tombs don't smell
Malik you know
we all heard it didn't with them Oh God
skip this Friday started I was about to
say Sunday I do the thumbs up right here
bell I might need your help getting
grandpa to come into the house you cool
with that
give me your popsicle with that she just
got him don't even call it off she why
is it any time I like film her she just
goes crazy on stuff
Bella seems to only be active when we
film her hey don't mind me bail I'm just
gonna take your little toy if you don't
mind I'm gonna have this you have it
about your trial fight me over it oh
that's your little pumpkin or is it
Clyde's children with grandpa trying to
see if it wants to come over to my house
today now I'm sitting in your porch for
don't you want a shower or something a
shower
I don't wear water hose come on are you
serious house I take bath are you naked
in the yard
hey I got ten oh my god
so you're ready to stop being stupid and
come in I ain't being stupid why are you
so angry still a mash-up see that proof
right there yeah what do I got a
convicted convince you to come and you
can do nothing
come on what I found me a new condo this
yeah is the dog cage this is my condo
come on with I can't take stuff like
this dude my condo dude I'm not only
going to begin to humor the idea of you
sleeping in a cage man would you find my
side of the road yeah you're still
dumpster diving yeah to further keep
yourself out of the house you're gonna
sleep in a cage why not
okay this is it stop dad why are you
such an asshole neva would don't do
nothing let me look at something real
quick what now stop chopping huh oh my
god are you proud of yourself who won't
go forget I have a theory that you've
been bathing in this thing
I'm appear is that why it's so green
yeah sitting here at grandpa's house I
was coming over to see if you want to
come over to my house nope and to see if
you're actually freaking still out here
and you are dude what are you getting
all these things I'm fucking out of here
hey I've had a dude it's how many get in
the damn house I've had it you get you
Yanni what I've had you yelling at me
okay dude leave it alone don't even stop
dad please stop this stupid shit so he
starts chopping up the deck with
whatever he's got all kinds of new
weapons there let's get him
well let's take the weapons we're gonna
have to
please chainsaw sitting on the fucking
dag I don't wanna say too much but you
know what is talking about Oh God
dad I try to be nice to you I try to
invite you over to my house to take a
shower because you stink you stunk today
you aren't baby he says he's bathing
with a water hose in the yard sure he is
Michael oh come on
okay so how about we go over to his
house and we look around and see if it
looks lived in or if it looks the same
as the last time we was in there I like
that idea okay let's do that
and then if it doesn't look lovely can
you finally stop saying that he's not
living a mouse cuz I can't do well we've
seen him sleeping in the yard twice now
your dad is a liar we've been there at
night and he's been sleeping in the r
twice we've seen that okay we stayed
behind the other day when he kicked us
out of there and we watched he never
went in the house and he went back
behind the shed to take a shit he's
living outside and he likes it leave him
alone act like you don't give a shit all
right Bella Doug's on his way over he's
gonna help us with Grandpa he happy no
oh poor she's happy
dude she only does this when we record
her she chill stay still we started
filming and she goes crazy on something
this time big giant ball Doug's on his
way over all right Doug I'm gonna need
your help tonight okay I can't say too
much because this vlog is going up
before but we're gonna we're gonna go
visit dad and his little tent we're
gonna see if we can't fix this little
tent problem he's got going on what do
you think you called a picture haha
that's right so we're gonna fix this so
here's what we're gonna do so what do
you think I think it's gonna work oh
yeah I think so too dad meet mr. Fixit
he's gonna fix my problem and get you
out of that tent we will fix you grandpa
so we're looking for I don't know
shitting in his pants or whatever you
can achieve oh I'm cool with it
okay so
yes we would do it you know what I don't
even care if he knows because he I
people think that he may be watching my
vlogs I don't even care hey grandpa oh
he is though man
yeah I don't think he is either you
might I don't know well that's gonna be
it for today you guys it's time for me
to get out of here it's time for me to
get ready for nothing nothing at all how
pretty get ready for nothing but follow
me on Twitter to see what nothing
actually is actually follow me on
Twitter because absolute nothing in
must've be a competition follow us both
on twitter follow me though follow her
on twitter follow both of us so anyway
that's gonna be a friend a you guys you
ready for this Doug sure thing Dougie
fresh we won't do it up right we gonna
do it up right we're gonna do it up
right so we're getting out of here dad
even if you're aware that I'm coming
over tonight or tomorrow just a friendly
visit even if you're aware it doesn't
matter because you can't stay awake
forever so that's gonna be every day you
guys thanks for watching like subscribe
favorite iPhone and everything and
follow him too and say that's it Doug
that's it
