what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here prettier what yeah Bridget
west wait she's not right there
Bridget is outside I thought I would
sneak the camera and I would do my intro
without her and I might have a milk
mustache because I just got done
drinking some milk
today it's Thursday which means today is
throwback Thursday I have not told it
throwback Thursday story in a little
while that is a pot with ricin on the
stove starting to boil I haven't told a
throwback Thursday story in a while so
why not tonight I thought I would tell
the throwback Thursday story about the
first time truTV came over to put us on
TV they want to interview us I thought I
would tell you guys about that it's a
pretty funny story
um the house was hot roaches were coming
out anyway I'll tell you guys that
before the vlog ends tonight I just
wanted to start the vlog off tell you
guys hello and that's it oh shit oh
seabirds coming I'm gonna wrap up this
intro get it over with quickly before
she comes in so anyway let's get this
vlog started throwback Thursdays sorry
yeah I tried west let's get this vlog
started I don't know why she does this
she only cowards like this one even
she's cowering or she wants me home
camera me who this I don't know but I'm
going rubber cuz she wants it blue that
someone's love checkers
how's it a teaching stomach but the
fella we want I want to film you sweetie
is that okay
no I suppose you really active on camera
oh yeah nobody noticed he's got the
Halloween sweater so let's see which one
of the dogs let's hope Isabella
others say which dog loves pumpkins as
much as Bridget Oh cried in front the
selfie stick oh right now we got some
Bulldog problems we're checking out
Bella's stomach make sure her rash is
going away
well stars just a little bit
so Clyde is looking much better today
much much better
you a good boy thanks for staying still
for the camera you want me to throw back
there's a story tonight was that a yawn
saying you're bored of it no did you get
goes to million subscribers
yeah I'm over 900,000 how about this
give you an idea you know we do now used
to go to flea market right of course you
know we go to the auction on Friday
night and then on Saturday we go to the
flea market and sell all day long yeah I
miss those days of course I did too
tea what you gettin bean subscribers did
let's go bye let's go buy palette let's
just go to the auction or those who
don't know what a palette is it's like a
bunch of stuff they got returned from my
Walmart and stuff just put on a wooden
pallet and they stack it up and you buy
the pallet full of merchandise and then
we'll go we'll go to the auction on
Friday night but spend the night in
Columbia you're paying of course and and
then the Saturday morning we'll go to
the flea market in a couple tables and
we'll sell it and would you like we used
to back in the old days now when you
were a kid your lady
and-and-and sell but but what you get a
million subscribers let's do that
I'm good with it it's like what am I
going to an auction and stuff tomorrow I
pitch to you before we should go to like
an auction yeah we'll go to the auction
on Friday night oh you said that then
yeah I said that you wear it you can old
some yeah of course I'm getting old
getting senile
you're not old ain't getting better so
young is that's getting to a million and
we're going to go to the auction on
Friday night spend the night flea market
barnyard flea market it will let you
know the yo come out there and pick some
shit off our table I'll use Sonic you
don't want his signature you know we
want your signature they might then will
Bridges was on it you bought some of our
table and we'll autograph it if you want
it if you want it I'm not
I want to sound pretentious like we
think people want our autograph well
they probably don't live probably dude
but they can think of those darts out of
some shit get your autograph and turn
into like a voodoo thing
God by the way your decks looking good
did you see my decks looking good dad
does it your dad I did not expect you to
be commenting on my dick
that's advocate grandpa leches that's
out of control I don't anything about
your damn dick got your dick Oh dad you
have no right to look at it I'm not
looking at a damn little deal dad this
is out of control and offensive well I'm
not talking about your dick I said dick
get De Sica Oh God
firstly you drive okay John you got it
they're gonna get your you really gay
gay gay gay gay I'm joking but don't
find my ass I'll talk about what they
can me more I don't put your goddamn
gifts so dad you're all set for Monday
what's Monday you already forgot you're
gonna go into the house for one you got
to come into the house for this mail
mail bag Monday we could do about a
fireside are you gonna do by the tent by
the kid oh Jesus I don't go in that out
come on that power so warm a get that
Kansas is cozy I don't want to hear
about it anymore
you obviously like the cam that's the
only reason it just admitted I like it
well what's going on with your van
that's the question I don't want to talk
about it I'd like to know it's not at
the house yeah I realize that is it
broken what called order managed they
say they say it can't be fixed so we got
talked about that what happened to it
was not the water don't say it was the
water it was water God do the electrical
in the bag and short the whole system
out I don't think that's possible
it is still I will get a man's number
for you to talk to so anyway I wanted to
tell the story about the first time true
TV came over to interview us it was for
the show top 20 most shocking and I
believe we were on the episode top 20
most shocking senior Smackdown I think
it's like number four never say I don't
know it's senior Smackdown we are on it
they came over to interview us we're
cooking again
let's hope when I could hide it so
truTV's interviewed us a few times one
time I don't know if I've ever told the
story but Bridget botched the interview
so bad that they just fucking threw it
out
same thing I'm gonna ask them if they
want to hear it if I haven't told him
he'll do to me if you want to hear the
story he doesn't like it why is getting
pissed you like that if you guys want to
hear the story about how badly Bridget
botched her truTV interview click the
like button it was she did so bad that
they threw it away they were like they
were like we're not gonna air this but
this was the first time they'd ever
interviewed us they came over to the
house the trailer this was back in
trailwood and truTV comes over to the
trailer and they're talking about
interviewing us and as we're setting up
there first they're looking for an area
to interview with that and you know how
tiny of that trailer was so finally they
found a corner everybody's getting ready
grandpa's getting miked up I'm getting
miked up the other people in the house
had to go to the back room because the
trailer was so small they didn't want
whispers or shadows or anything else and
then they tell us that we have to turn
off the air conditioning because it's
too loud and the microphones are picking
it up so we turn off the air
conditioning and everybody is sweating
dad's pouring sweat
I'm pouring sweat it's so unbearable
that the roaches have started crawling
out of all the cracks it's so bad that I
swear to god you can do this today if
you find the episode senior Smackdown
that we're one there's one part where
I'm doing the interview where you can
see a roach climbing up the wall behind
me on trutv on top of all that they also
wanted to see if I could make dad flip
out which is not very easy on short
notice but they said they wanted to get
him flipping out on camera so I had to
pester him all day I was making fun of
him every chance that I could get Oh a
dad your teeth are rotten I wonder if
they're gonna look good on camera yeah I
get it this is the pot calling the
kettle black
I get it my teeth are rotten I'm fat but
I was using the jokes anyway dad was
giving his interview and I said I
wouldn't if they got to use a wide-angle
lens and that did it he flipped out he
threw the fucking stuff off the table he
slammed the door and the truTV people
were mad at us they were pissed off at
me for pissing him off when it was their
idea to piss him off to begin with
your dad flipped off and he shut the
door he slammed it I look over at them
with her like and they stop talking they
were they were very untalkative the rest
of the time they were here and they were
apologizing to dad and they were looking
to me like I was a piece of shit and I
did it because they asked me to
anyway short story I realize I apologize
I also realize they might have been the
shadow of the selfie stick over my face
a couple of times
my apologies either way I just wanted to
tell you that story about the roaches
coming out in the house overheating and
grandpa getting pissed off and trutv
getting pissed off at me and ridiculous
but that was the first time whether we
were on truTV so I think tomorrow we're
going to have bridges data but here so
he can look into helping us hang the
gold and play button we also have your
play button Bridget and we got to figure
out what we're gonna do what's gonna go
where I know like okay we got these
walls we can put stuff one move the day
of the dead thing of course look at this
another Halloween thing Shannon yeah and
I wanted to be a pumpkin well it's time
for me to cook myself a little dinner
this time steak and vegetables sauteed
in teriyaki this should be good a bit a
little healthier than my usual cooking
but still pretty good so first we're
gonna start with some thinly cut ribeye
steak now we're going to take these and
toss them on this grid and on your list
you want to listen for that nice sound
when it hits let's listen for it boom
exactly what I was looking for lot of
things now we're going to hit it with a
little bit of salt and a little bit of
pepper
not much so I hit the steak with a
little bit of salt a little bit of
pepper and a little bit of onion and
herb seasoning from mrs.
that and we're going to let it cook now
you want to cook the steak to how you
like it
I like medium well let's put on here for
about two minutes long about to flip it
and you see these nice and cooked flip
this one
so we're going to let this cook for
another minute or so and then I'm going
to cut it down the middle okay I got the
steak cut up now now I'm going to add
some fresh vegetables we've got
cauliflower we got broccoli and we've
got carrots and what am I going to be
adding to that a little bit of teriyaki
and there you beautiful teriyaki and we
just saute this all together okay we got
our rice there in the middle of the
plate and now we'll start putting some
of this or the rice so this is what we
end up with mmm very good well they're
still up there Bridget yeah they're
hanging tight how long did I give it
another two weeks yeah so I got another
week from out the game yeah and you got
how long anything after that I win
that's not fair cuz you could go over to
that is not how the game works but it's
true I said three months jokingly okay
but if it goes to four months then we
both lose fine I go you can't change it
I was joking about three months how many
did you say born who said I - why would
you buy that anyway that's gonna be it
for today you guys click like if you
want to hear the story about Bridget
Bachchan her truTV Energy's no it's so
embarrassing
affiliate it was rough but anyway that's
gonna be every day you guys so rough
that I'm still hearing about it today
yeah I laugh about it all the time
it's not very very comical if you
haven't seen the video we put up
yesterday when Grandpa tears apart his
own deck link is below
shame on you grandpa shame on me shame
on you yeah anyway that's gonna be a
free day you guys see grandpa dad I
enjoyed having you today but you got an
obsession with my deck that I really
don't like
point so winter wear that's gonna be it
for today you guys thanks for watching
the steak was good did I wash my hands
after taking a shit
yes I did obviously though why I'll be
Michael Michael does not wash his hands
anyway that's gonna be it for today you
guys thanks for watching like subscribe
favorite well not everything for johast
