it was a joke okay
how mad oh my god I really wake up this
early
why are you up this damn early oh why
can't I be I'm cleaning
okay hey Clyde hey lazy hey Bella my god
how often are you gonna be scared of
this thumbnail time I hate it and I hate
ya back up get my thumbnails what you're
gonna do what the hell is that Bella are
you gonna be some nails
I think it's Dom Oh scared still not at
all you screamed whatever what's going
on you guys kid behind a camera here but
just here scared a machete behind the
camera here how'd you like that
that wasn't very fun I thought it was
pretty hysterical
haha and let me throw it out there
that's not the only machete prank that's
gonna happen today why did he give him a
shot for that I don't know you're
getting scared of machete a bunch of
times today
ah whenever I whenever I get bored like
you know what let me get a machete yeah
I'll get the Taser I hid the Taser you
don't know where it is
you left it upstairs like you're sitting
on the mantel next to my toy room like
oh okay let me grab this and have it
taser
good come on god machete
not good so last night I went to
Grandpa's house I wanted to show up
unexpected to see if he was actually
sleeping in a tent because a lot of
people including bridgett said maybe he
saw the vlog and said that I was coming
over so I said why not just show up and
he was there and he was burning the deck
and he was living in the tent he's she's
on the vlog for sure I never said I was
coming over I showed up on it we we
didn't say anything but he was you had
to expect it it how huh
he was burning the frickin deck fine
then he just likes to camp that's it oh
come on we rather can't than live in the
house Bridgette it was fine to use apps
like the first few days Michael come on
thank you I'm speaking if you ever seen
the video the link is below
this video serves as a build-up to the
video that I'm gonna do this weekend dad
I don't care if you know ahead of time
you getting pranked you're getting woken
up you don't know what time you're gonna
be asleep you can't stay awake forever
you getting woken up you getting pranked
I'm gonna force you out of that tent so
anyway let's get this wednesday started
going to gamestop bridgett is decorating
the house she's pumpkin in this fucking
place out tell them anyway let's get
this wednesday started games up style
machete style okay Bridget now
officially has the house all shannond
out Michael don't know how you stand it
this house is totally Shannon right now
God if you're wondering what I mean by
Shannon Bridget and I have created a
fictional person we call her Shannon
Shannon is that as a type of woman that
she should be like a heavyset woman she
walks around was up with a Rudolph
Christmas sweater with you know the big
fluffy red nose his eyelashes on her
head light and just the kind of person
like Shannon
and Merry Christmas y'all I baked
reindeer cookies Oh Merry Christmas
bat Shannon and right now this is
Shannon's Halloween house no this my
whimsical little pumpkin oh Shannon yeah
well you know the wax melter pumpkin I
can tell ice pumpkin so let's go over
Santa's Halloween decorations shall we
we have three pumpkins here - pumpkin
rags they're a pumpkin snow globe
something like why does that exist
glitter glow of course a pumpkin wax
melter with pumpkin scented wax pumpkin
freaking hand cleaner Jesus Shannon haha
and even if it's not pumpkin she bought
orange disposable cups plates Oh
Shannon oh don't we already have one of
these no you sure I'm sure
then you get one from Bath & Body Works
no Jesus no that's my that's my fuckin
black smell this is well this for like
are you cereal out of this you probably
can it's too much dude look pumpkins
look at pumpkins pumpkins how much
pumpkin stuff - somebody need this is
too much pumpkin I'm not even done -
pumpkin e she's even got pumpkin spice
coffee for the Keurig and I have punkin
socks no you don't this is I can punkin
it up Oh
alright Bridget they wanted me to do it
so let's go see if they got that Money
in the Bank briefcase they're taunting
me in the store - do it Bridget
anyway it's a local gamestop store yeah
there it is okay look my hands up cuz my
stomach oh boy look see what I mean Oh
close did you are you filming this
yes so out of reach so is it just kind
of a selfie I would say so I mean if you
have one of these in your game stop take
a picture with it and you could win four
tickets to Wrestlemania and that's why
I'm trying to do right now everyone in
this or see my stomach by the way I'm
reaching up look so there it is that
thing it's a cool cup a little condo
what was happened I thought they would
have had like a ladder or something but
they don't so you have sort of stand
over it but I did it I'm gonna post my
picture on Twitter and damn it I better
win a trunk WrestleMania I won't win but
you could I hope you win it's really
cool four tickets to Wrestlemania
so if not I'm gonna rest many either way
but it'd be nice to win tickets this
year yeah right
all day I told you stop Bridget the wash
machine is leaking a bunch of fluid yeah
oh god I'm tired of this Michael Oh get
real stop that bad
thumbnails more thumbnails cuz it's so
shaky start I can't get one if you don't
stop now do the thumbnails/thumbnail.png
pranking ah how's that hmm
machete BAE smile I'm gonna slashing -
cut into the hole in your ass oh whoa
not that of a scary movie come on don't
be still be such a freaking hard-ass a
tight ass whenever aren't you kind of a
tight ass honestly you're kind of a
tight ass well that's gonna be a fun day
you guys thanks for watching before we
get out of here the first thing that I
wanted to talk about is Monday mailbag
people ask me everyday when is Monday
mailbag coming back and now I finally
have an answer for you this Monday very
soon this Monday Monday mailbag is
coming back if you don't know if you
click read more in the description of
every one of my videos you will see the
Monday mailbag address it says Charles
green peel box whatever because I don't
remember it's actually over my face
right now though
Michael get those words off your face I
like them there so that's where you send
your letters the money mailbag before we
go any further let me say please do not
send any money please don't send any
money just send your letters or your
postcards or some of you likeness and
packages you know all of that's fine but
please don't send any money grandpa's
birthday is coming up 65 the big six
five I'm gonna throw my big 65th
birthday party I'm so excited for that
you know he made a comment before it's
so funny what he says that's when the
government doesn't acknowledge you
anymore
when I turn 55 I don't at this let's go
put it so if you guys want to send them
any packages or birthday presents for a
65th birthday party make sure you write
on there that is for the birthday that
will we can put it up cuz he's not
getting any of it until his 65th
birthday party and I got a really good
present for him this is gonna be a big
video I can't wait for you guys to see
it that's October 16th that's a month
away but I wanted to tell you guys a
month ahead of time so if you want to
send any letters or postcards or
presents boom send it but Monday mail
back comes back
this Monday honestly I think we're gonna
do the first Monday mailbag by the 10th
because he won't come back in the house
I got him into the golden play button
video and he hadn't been back inside
since to my knowledge I don't think he
has has it been taking showers exactly
maybe he hasn't been maybe that's why
that pool water was so black oh okay
maybe Michael disgustingly maybe anyway
there's a lot more questions than
answers but I'm gonna get out of here
Bridget I'm hoping you were not so mad
at me that you want to prank me because
of the fish Ettie stuff I can't handle
being prank right now I'm not gonna
thank you
look if I got it here I didn't have
nothing that it didn't work anyway
that's gonna be afraid of you guys
thanks for watching like subscribe and
Michael babe oh well I won't thank you
that need to be said
I won't pink that's it following
everything though Burgess that's it love
you guys
that's it I want to flip you guys I just
n Drive vlog one day normally that's it
