what's going on you guys kid be on a
camera here for johast here right there
and today is Tuesday and today I
literally just woke up so I'm probably
covered in slimes
yeah what stuff that you guys are gonna
comment about oh look at the slime on
his tongue oh that's gross
did I fart and forget yeah it was me
when some women are pregnant they get
morning sickness when pickle boy wakes
up he has morning slime
Oh morning slickness it's over I'm done
with you I'm free today we're just sort
of hanging out winding down it's been a
crazy week dad's living in a tent I'm in
the process of getting it back into the
house because I don't want him there you
know dad I feel like we shared a good
moment over that golden play button and
he's still living it so dad I'm gonna
get you back into this way hey what is
what if he watched the vlog and that
shows he knew we were gonna do that I
don't have time for all this nonsense
let's get this Tuesday started I thought
it was Wednesday it's not as Tuesday
wrestling was on last night Nikki Bella
broke AJ Lee's record for longest
reigning Divas Champion see this is what
happens when you begin talking while I'm
talking you don't know where I'm going
with this so I say Nikki Bella breaks
the longest reigning Divas Championship
and Bridget says is hot so Nikki Bella
is the longest reigning Divas Champion
now and she's very hot she's very hot
she's very very hot Nikki Bella I'll do
anything
wait me too though you want me to kill
him I was kidding well grandpa doesn't
have anything to eat right now because
he's living in a tent
um I don't wanna hear it Bridget I know
how you feel I don't want to hear it I
just think you're really gone we both
saw him live in
and yeah what else do we need I'm sure
we need to shove a tracking Dart up his
ass and follow him around to see him
walking through the rooms like a
marauders map on Harry Potter I think he
likes to camp anyway he doesn't have any
food I got him coming over right now I
had to call them an uber because he
doesn't have a frickin van because his
van broke down how is your still going
boy I'm tired of that I'm not saying I
believe him about the van but he doesn't
you make this shit for me okay how about
this was the van there withered the
other night no it's parked obviously be
joking so either way he doesn't have
food he has no way to get food I made
him chicken Fettuccine that's what this
whole thing is we're building up maybe
you know how I know yeah I know he has a
van why because he hasn't asked you for
money to pay for the damages that's
interesting yeah he doesn't hang out a
total yet
oh yeah well where is it that wise nuns
yard they haven't given in a total can I
talk about the chicken Fettuccine you're
really starting to piss me off with all
this you might be right go ahead it so I
made dad some dinner and he's on his way
over to get it look at that alright you
see that big dent missing out of it I
was Bridget that was Michael tasting it
to make sure it was good I'm blaming you
for this we'll see we'll just put some
more cheese over it
I should have fell myself making it I
know right if you guys want to know how
to make this let me know in the comments
is it good it's very good
should we give it to him so right now
Paul Heyman is having a contest where
you can win four tickets to Wrestlemania
and as you guys know I'm a huge Paul
Heyman fan but the idea is you have to
go to gamestop
and take a picture with a fricken yeah
you got to go to take a picture with a
briefcase which is gonna be embarrassing
so if you guys think I should go to Game
Stop uh-huh and take a selfie with this
freakin briefcase let me know in the
comments and on Twitter and
I'll do it tomorrow also if you want to
see the video yourself so you can enter
the link is below so I wanted to take a
couple of minutes in the vlog to talk
about Nick Diaz if you don't know who
Nick Diaz is he is a UFC fighter who was
suspended yesterday because of an
incident that happened about a year ago
he tested positive for marijuana and
yesterday the Nevada State Athletic
Commission put down his sentencing
whatever you want to put it they he got
suspended for five years and fined one
hundred and sixty-five thousand dollars
over testing positive for marijuana you
have people that get tested positive for
steroids that get slaps on the wrist or
nothing at all
and Nick Diaz smokes a little marijuana
and he gets five years they have ended
his career with this saying that it's
it's criminal is is an understatement
Nick Diaz does not deserve five years no
matter how you feel about him personally
if you don't like him as a fighter if
you don't like him as a person because
granted he has done stuff that will make
people not like him as a person or a
fighter not me I love Nick Diaz but five
years over marijuana is completed in
Nevada and Las Vegas if people have
smoking weed in Las Vegas where
everything else is legal what the hell
is going on in this country so you can
go to Las Vegas and you can gamble your
life away you can go to the cathouse and
fuck some prostitutes but don't you dare
smoke any marijuana
it is completely ridiculous that
marijuana which is just a plant
I don't smoke marijuana personally but
there is absolutely nothing wrong with
those that do and to be suspended for
five years ending his UFC career over
marijuana is absolutely insane
hashtag free Nick Diaz because this is
just
I really hope it all works out
ridiculous what am I looking for
I want you to look at it and then tell
me what you think there's all kinds of
videos on here as don't wonder cuz you
don't even know what and it was 50
degrees outside dude and I took care of
it today well deep look at the one who
do you think you are doing this stuff I
want me cold you changed me out nobody
kicked you out can you take me out no we
did not
so if you feel a lot already on that day
and that was good burn it's the last
night I got to cut more because I got it
we might as well kill it who cares now I
don't I'm staring your heaven look at
his face I'm real warm
ahh I made you all this so you can have
something to eat tonight grudges trash
he doesn't take this home now who do you
think you are I'm a man trying to stay
warm in my yard
big dinner then getting that you look at
the faces so satisfied I'm warm
this was such a good day at most 50
degrees last night I just finished so go
in I try never King I literally got done
talking good words about you were
talking to go to play by the moment we
shared with each other off catch of the
moment it is going this fuck yeah God
gotten so you're dead
we couldn't punch another pool we could
have fixed it because that's something
that was over now it's wrong it happens
day one my house I'm out apparently
grandpa's ungrateful surprised you don't
let me talk or sister Bridget show they
say up being uploaded a Bridget west
beat upload and kept behind the camera
now let me tell my story sorry
I'm pissed please I just want to talk
all right without your commentary it's
hard so how do I be nice about toss this
drink to the floor please stop I just
want to talk to the camera okay now then
so dad apparently was cold last night
mm-hmm
don't do those noises you're gonna piss
me off
dad was cold last night he was cold last
night I don't care if he is forcing
himself in the tent or not I don't think
he is he doesn't want to go in the house
he was cold
Micah why wouldn't you want to go in the
house I'll clean it please just let me
get this through he said it was cold he
tore the deck apart rip the wood apart
and he's burning it so we can stay warm
how do you feel about that I'm furious
with what but dad me with what that was
a lot of work the pool was seven
thousand doesn't meant he's ungrateful
of course he's ungrateful we don't have
a mop we warm up no you're joking me we
don't have a mop so do I lick it up do I
just still in the forum scoot my ass
across the bay Bell does step that's how
I clean it yeah do it
oh you liar you do not don't use that
one which one are you laughing I'm just
kidding
one yes it's fine please don't film this
I'm filming with fucking Cinderella well
shouldn't make mess fucking clean are
you gonna get cleaner you know what life
gives you lemons you make lemonade you
don't want your chicken Fettuccine I do
well now you can't say I don't make you
chicken Fettuccine Oh
right hey you stop
like I'm really sorry just leave me
alone dude I just had to get you back
you're making me mad
so you maybe tossed my drink on before
you maybe scrubbing up like cinder don't
use me as a scapegoat and then you
pretend I slam your fingers in the oven
yes I can't take much more
no no more today just stop okay move
you're having the other side now you're
gonna try something Michael I'm sorry
well that's gonna be it for today you
guys
um if you want to see the video that
grandpa brought over click the like
button I'll upload it on the main
channel tomorrow he tore apart the deck
I'm grateful if you want to see it click
the like button uh hey tomorrow uh if
you guys want to see it let me know in
the comments I'm gonna go to Game Stop
and I'm gonna pose with that briefcase
so that won't be embarrassing walking
into Game Stop vlogging with a selfie
stick with a freaking Money in the Bank
briefcase but it's pretty cool I want to
win the ticket I wanted to Wrestlemania
for tickets always buy tickets per let
it go if it's free if I get four tickets
I'm gonna take me Jim grandpa and some
homeless guy that I meet on the streets
of tell ya if you guys want to enter
yourself click the link below go to the
video check it out it's actually a
really cool concept all you got to do is
take a picture with a selfie stick so
I'll do that tomorrow hopefully my game
stuff has the briefcase that's the thing
but anyway I'm gonna get out of here I'm
in a better mood now Bridget I'm sorry
for you know being pissy yeah and he
won't take me to Wrestlemania
I was joking obviously ok anyway thanks
watching you guys
like/subscribe cute guy leaning against
the wall looking off into the distance
here I know I know your angle
oh it's up
