well bring Rambo's backyard right now
and be sleeping in a tent right enough
frigging find out what's going on you
guys can behind the camera here and it
is officially my name is Ian if he's not
in that tent awaken his ass hope
it's me oh my god I thought he was
joking
I did too well usually I wanted to see
if you were actually sleeping out here I
am is a mouse a mouse I was get out of
your house oh my god he really is
sleeping in here this is not a house I
thought you might rob me why would
somebody be robbing you I'm an old man
they take advantage old men that was
like a different blanket you must have
went into the house no a neighbor a
little bit Bardis Jesus dude
what mother Blanc got wet in the rain
the other night oh yeah did you notice
your tarp was gone yeah I did notice but
top of God yeah they would you come
inside please I'm not coming uh sock
I am not coming this tent dude is so
freaking rigged up meet my tale of is my
house buy your own house come on dude
this is really making me mad now what
are you up to get out of my house
you're trespassing please come in the
house you kick me out no nobody kicked
you shut up nobody kicked you out
Oh what the hell I have to get out of
there not
I am up come on please sleep in the bed
tonight no come on
listen don't need to girls like it back
them up it get out of here I'm giving
you a little bit of light I don't need
no like that like when I got in the
sermon I don't feel right leaving you
here you you brought you put me here you
by your I did not stays in here well
yeah because you've been sitting in at
farting you're probably shitting in it
get out of here now speak it up dude it
stinks in this yard come on I get out of
there good but you better leave I'll get
my bat you are not sleeping in a tent
last night we're at grandpa's house you
just saw the video and he's sleeping in
a tent he lost his mind
dude after it was over I turned off the
camera I said dad get the hell in the
house we got into an argument he's still
on that tent
we can't keep saying this what if you
knew we were gonna stop by we snuck over
well what if he assumed one day I don't
know Bridget you're really gripping at
straws at this point he's living in a
tent he was actually sleeping you could
tell so he's living in a tent which
means
we need to wake his ass up you get what
I'm getting out here people we need to
wake his ass up so if you think we
should do a wake up prank maybe with a
chainsaw
maybe that new Halloween mask maybe
maybe click the like button I'm telling
you to click like if you want me to
prank him if it wasn't subtle enough
we're pranking them so pretty soon we're
gonna be creating a Twitter account for
angry grandpa merchandise the reason
being there's a lot of you that try to
reach out to me on Twitter because you
got yourself a shirt or you've been
trying to email me and there's been so
many emails that we couldn't reply to
them all right away so we're gonna make
a Twitter account so we can stay in
touch with you guys also speaking of the
shirts some of you that place an order
and you put a phone number down on your
file we might be taking some of those
numbers I'm not gonna say anymore forget
it forget I said anything we just wanted
a way to say thank you for ordering the
Sharks because there's so many of you so
what better way let me give you guys a
call I'm not gonna say any more than
that because I'm really excited she just
wanted to find a way to jump into the
shot did you notice that she just sort
of sat there now is my time how are you
gonna call me out like that cuz I'm good
like that and I can cute guy leaned
against the wall shot okay I from your
mom oh hey yeah so Michael likes to sing
songs sometimes just around the house
and he'll change the lyrics and it's so
funny to me today I'm going to try to
record
it's not how the song goes Mike I don't
want to sing the songs how they go stop
it
so you like hands and your asshole all
right now see this is what's coming at
ya I like to make up songs or I like to
take songs that are already created and
change the lyrics to fucked up shit I
got one hand in my pocket and the other
hand is shoved in my anyway right now
Claude has an appointment a follow-up
we're gonna check on him see how he's
doing and I wanted to do one of those
transition effects I saw it on one of
fouseytube Snoopy hoes and I wanted to
see how it would go so let's do it ready
did the transition workout resident what
do you think I think it did admittedly I
stole that from
fouseytube a lot of people accuse me of
stealing bad from prankvsprank and I
didn't that's just something that people
do but this one I took from fouseytube
and I'm not gonna do it all the time
because my face isn't pretty enough to
zoom in on like that so I'm not really
gonna do that
having said that all good news for Clyde
he's looking a lot better they say he's
great
that was Hopson yeah his fur and skin
look awesome here and I cried you look
awesome buddy so the other day after we
did the golden play button video grandpa
told me he wanted me to take it to my
house because one he didn't trust
himself with it because he thought he
might break it very reassuring dad too
he told me it was an emotional thing I'm
not gonna say everything that was said
but he wanted me to listen he wanted me
to take it home so I've got the golden
play button here I don't know how I'm
gonna hang it because this thing is so
heavy but I realized in the video you
guys didn't get a great look at it so
let's take a look at this baby close-up
view of the golden play button okay
let's open this thing up now Wow
so the first thing you see is just just
how big this thing actually is it is so
big okay here it is so I read the letter
one the video but if you want to have a
good look at it check this out so you
can guys can get a shot of it so here it
is there's a nice shot of the button and
of course that's my favorite part right
there the fact that it has our logo so
this thing Wow
and I can't believe I'm gonna have one
for mine soon this is just really cool
and seriously thank you guys so much for
helping us reach this it's it's
monumental for me I'm really mad that he
was so adamant about me taking it but
you know as angry as we are at each
other whore at least he hasn't me
I appreciate the things that he said to
me nonetheless it was private I'm not
gonna say what he said but we had a
heartfelt moment and I really appreciate
it dad if you're watching this get back
into your house dude I did not throw you
out get back into your house I
appreciate I appreciate it and I'm glad
that you appreciate me it was a moment
that oh we didn't film but it was very
real and very raw and I appreciate you
too Bob I cannot believe that these
things are staying up it's crazy
are we just gonna wait and see how long
they last yeah
I give it two more weeks I give it three
more months are you serious No
so anyway that's gonna be a friend a you
guys had a pretty good day to climb to
the vet plate with a golden play button
didn't play with a go we showed the
golden play button haha had a good day
dad get inside it's gonna be cold
tonight
so I still think he's taking those
around here's the thing here's something
that was that confused about those
obviously we're not the keys to the
house because I watched the house video
yeah and I handed a Mickey it was silver
those are golden house keys but if he
gave me fake house key but he was
sleeping in the yard we saw for
ourselves maybe what if he actually
likes to camp
what if he's actually enjoying this and
he's just dicking us around dad I don't
care what the deal is get in the house
it's gonna be cold tonight
yeah like 57 that's gonna be it for
today you guys I'm getting your jet I
had it let's know we were tation I'm
having a good day thanks for watching
you guys like subscribe favorite and
follow everything and that's
we're twisting it to you
