what's going on you guys get covered in
cat hair here for johast hey are out the
shower not covered in cat hair yeah I
don't like this new showering Bridget I
like the non shower form why why could I
like being the only one filled you stink
oh yeah these things exist oh I promised
a god I'll shower today okay today is
Sunday and today dad cancelled Sunday
dinner again so we're not going to
Sunday dinner hey think we should go I'm
thinking tonight so many you guys wanted
to see it so tonight / tomorrow's vlog
we go see if he's actually sleep but
enough free content I agree with that
what do you think bargain for tomorrow's
it cuz if I try to do it for today's
video the vlog won't go to like 5:00 in
the morning and nobody will see it
so tomorrow's vlog we're gonna check him
grandpa see if that asshole is really I
didn't like Halle now he's an asshole
grandpa is an asshole see if my sweet
innocent father is sleeping in a tent
Oh God anyway look at ladies new outfit
right now we're gonna take my nephew
closed shop but I promise if he was good
we would get on some clothes so that's
what we're doing we got to find
somewhere to take him let even with
decent clothes cause so far away
whatever we'll go to Cole's
I love Cole's so let's start this vlog
cold aisle nephew style I love Cole's
oh sorry I think of a joke hot coals
stalking Santa oh purchases I started
already
yes what is this one now it's a boo
sweater
boo from Orange is the new black no
definitely boom I scared you bellows mad
she'll ha boy she hates clothes if L
watch me naked like me and Clyde - he
hates them to go
building that I'm looking at right now
forget the dogs
it's the box of fruit loop from the
couch let me go get that all right folks
it's time to listen to some lyrical wrap
on reverbnation to the Bluetooth whoo
Reggie you notice I'm using Michael and
I've switched the number on it today Lee
didn't I switch the number no I don't
believe nobody ever calls will text me
models will use yours if I like your
phone more I haven't heard this on like
two years Richard welcome to the party
but it's hardly that less before cardi
none for me I don't drink but it's
partly due the things that are seen and
it haunts me
so I'm gay - don't drink he is just a
life choice that I made a mistake shit
oh my god I fucking nothing nothing
makes me overcome the thought I love you
love your feeling loving Bella I can't
do it typhus what the fuck my family and
leave me Jesus mate I need her near me
where's my sanity how was he was he
better in the Bethany a bigger dick or
stronger yeah I bet he has I'm sick of
things never working out but this time
was different man I think I need
somebody all right Jay remember some
stropping
how about you yeah why are you staying
like that that has way too big for your
head you know that war nice catch
I wonder if the wind is off of the
microphones you can hear me recording or
not who's ready hey so it took almost 30
minutes to get here and with a car full
of kids screaming at each other
ridiculous
why do I bring you shoes one holding a
selfie stick cuz I gotta be a guy
holding a selfie stick now you like that
dick man let's hold his husband go ahead
with the park I can look at me so anyway
hey look Jay give me out of the side
were here okay I'm holding a selfie
stick while holding Jacobs hand
everybody what you got in there so far
what this isn't you
what are you think I look like sloth
from the Goonies
Baby Ruth I can't even do that in Papua
are you guys we're going to the Shu
Carter without you wank that was a joke
dad trachea No are you guys shoot
carnival time yay I'm in part you going
in first let me help you with this buddy
yeah yeah
why do you want what you only want a
shoe so you don't want to help nope
Sheldon cameras what you chose those are
nice buddy yeah I can idea what what
about when JC's measuring his foot we
all pretend like his feet stink okay
what is that
Oh Jay you please stay nothing would you
say ref stains not your feet may you
access throw at your feet then wash your
feet man
just give it we're joking with you yeah
you know we're joking right yeah yes
right here all right $2 off boom you
said $2 buddy yay well here we are at
Applebee's
yep with the boys would you order I taco
I ordered him chicken grilled chicken
wonton tacos would you get it thanks
Manny the porns broker is a cheese
buzzer with egg in hash brown cool and I
got the same thing so would you guys
think about shopping for clothes guy
I heard cooler good not for awesome
super duper cool that means it was cool
it just has to be yeah it has to be
really cool you know I noticed something
on Facebook the other day somebody said
that uh places call like for instance we
call all of our soft drinks spoke like
it's pet see what we call everything you
did it today makes it yeah can we get
four coats but they sell puppy a picture
I know all right
it's like the northerners call it pop
Pete some people whole soda we are what
is happening here are you doing all
right here so let's drink some coke
pepsi don't choke
okay why are you doing this I want you
okay
is it good do it again yeah yeah yeah
yeah
straight face it looks good
oh it's our okay so you have fun yeah so
you got some clothes you got some shoes
now we're gonna leave you here for
someone to pick you up all right you
guys being left here we what what we're
leaving you here oh yeah yeah Bridget
who Gigi call somebody
no I'm just gonna leave okay uh listen
when somebody stops you just tell them
you gotta you gotta get pop or you gotta
get your mom or something okay okay all
right yeah
JC Dobie dude are you there someone
leaving hold on so y'all just go chill
up by the chick-fil-a okay no real no
I'm just playing
help is you believe me boy no you didn't
believe me okay where did this come from
Bridget I got it at Pier one Imports
what about the Breaking Bad when I
bought you
my juice not seasonal that's the best
thing ever though where's it at garage
oh god what is this thing just like this
like two feet from under the house of
the Wizard of Oz it's adorable I love it
me this others like you never seen the
Wizard of Oz nope
where is the bring back warm oh man just
like hot coal shit yes okay warm Emma
call what I was just warm right here
warm warmer cold how's that possible
cold freezing what the hell dude never
have to place right for you here or here
maybe it's in there oh geez
where is it baby it's in the freezer
tell me you want to put it down I know
it Michael yes I would have you did good
something cool I found raised pork
carnitas yeah my scorching now yeah who
is bad who we're on fire I am the one
who knocks how dare you just leave it
here well that's gonna be it for today
you guys had a fun day with my nephews
did a lot of pranking on them pranked
him and I think we're leaving him at the
Applebee's pranked him and said they
were leaving him in the car prank one of
them said his feet sink it was a good
day
so really enjoyable to enjoyable Sunday
made it without dad dad you cancel
Sunday dinner but Applebee's dead so
anyway good day I know how much you guys
love our family-friendly vlogs so that's
what this one was though you guys told
me you want to see it so in a few hours
went by the time this vlog goes up I'm
going to Grandpa's house I'm sneaking
into his backyard we're gonna Park a
block away we're gonna see if he's
really sleeping in that tent grandpa
we're on to you I'm gonna find out if
you're many we're finding out there was
a liar you know it so tomorrow's blog
it's gonna start off right away finding
out of grandpa's really sleeping in that
tent at night and not what yeah I don't
think he's sleeping him at 10:00 the
afternoon he takes naps that'd be crazy
I was taking a nap in the tent I didn't
think about that that just looks like a
nap in the tent oh and that's it for
today you guys stay tuned for tomorrow's
vlog if you ain't seen yesterday's the
link is below and it's here thanks for
watching you guys like subscribe what'd
you do I just for something fall no
favorite hey wait nope hey rustling
would be on this
