what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here phryges hey yo
Bridget West here drinking a soda and I
know it must be true sorry I won't watch
Greece really bad today is Saturday and
today we're going to the prank store aka
we're going to halloween Express I love
this time of year yeah Wow give me also
whoa as you can see our whole entire
family gets really excited for Halloween
Express well that was just obnoxious so
by the time you have seen this the
golden play button will have already
been uploaded you can check it out the
link below also the link to buy our
shirts I let us say B shirts but that's
the edward thompson sure i thought i was
wearing the anger ground but today I'm
not
so anyway forget long intro I don't want
to bore you guys I don't want to talk
forever but first let me tell you guys a
little story so about 20 years ago now
telling me long stories tonight but
anyway let's get this blog started
saturday style prankster style mister
you son of a bitch we are at the only
place in the entire world that matters
Olive Garden let's zoom into this place
is I admire its beauty and its majestic
its majestic I mean Olive Garden and all
of its majestic beauty yeah well its
grapes now are those graves are they
always
it's like you think your great city bus
really loud they're great now you're
trying to vlog but it says Olive Garden
so I wouldn't have olives on your logo I
know why is it grapes right up about you
Olive Garden and I don't really see
except for the salad we're all absorbed
by are you calling yourself Olive Garden
you fraud there's no Garden of olives
here well if you can't tell we're not
using the good camera can Bridgette
forgot it
no I did I'm sorry I better look
horrible this home my vlog is one from
HDS standard thanks to you personally
don't blame me so we are here at
somewhere else
Olive Garden Oh garden your favorite
restaurant not only my favorite
restaurant but the only restaurant that
matters we need to keep track to find
out whenever any pastas back cuz then
I'm just gonna sleep right outside and I
never leave yeah so anyway wait normal
food
cheap cameras them
so here is the soup my god I've actually
made the soup on vlog before the link is
below it's a chicken gnocchi soup and
bread slips Oh full let's go to the
movies we found the camera if you can't
tell after we recorded the intro I put
it in the glove compartment now we're
going to are we going to the movies or
Halloween express movies
let's get Holiday Express first because
the movie won't start by two hours we're
going to Halloween express but first
we're gonna give let's get our tickets
up yeah right now we are at Halloween
express it used to be a really good
restaurant here but they closed yeah
this used to be a restaurant um and
they've turned into Halloween Express or
as I like to call it the prank store oh
look at that awful tiny oh yeah I got
stick at that place I did too we never
went back so I call this place the prank
store because I can go find good prank
stuff here it's so funny they turned
like a former restaurant to a Halloween
store can't wait to see how they pull
this off we had a whole bunch of stuff
and I thought of a very funny idea can't
even show them actually I know where
it's thought of a good prank though I
will let you guys know what was her idea
when we do it it's pretty funny though
it's hilarious gotta come back in the
house for what it's gonna be pretty good
I got a lot of stuff on a gift they made
it they did a good job converting this
restaurant yeah it's awesome
I freaking love Halloween Express you
know we still have that criminal costume
upstairs never use it yeah it's very
funny oh Michael here you go are you
calling me like a big baby baby big
little baby baby look at this Bridget we
have arrived to the hipster costumes oh
hey little bit of a shark
hey honey
hey hey honey let's dress up like bacon
egg
we're so whimsical Michael our that
tourist couple oh god yeah and this
probably you actually wanted this I do
let's be that this year I'll be I gotta
be the peanut butter the one of extra
fattening well the kitty cat come on
hipsters oh man having said all that I
don't know what this is but I got
something a lot scarier well let's see
it fuck her right in the pussy my gosh
God look alright me pussy it was alright
yes what's up man hey okay great seeing
real life right much bigger imperfect
right well just are the Phil Mills
goodness guys related yeah you too
literally this was the only read that
was the only reason that I bought this
mask was to do that segment just now so
the only reason no I like it Gary
man I wonder if I can scare grandpa with
it mmm maybe we'll see if we get a thumb
nut there looking back like what the
fuck is he doing there like not like
that kid anymore
Oh watch kind of camera again well it's
probably a tad windy right now but the
movie stars and see this is the kind of
stuff oh my god
we're at Toys R Us Grimm's Toy Show will
be proud I really want to go to Party
City but Michaels like no we got the
movie it's gonna start in 30 minutes
let's go to the other showing we read
about tickets
obviously you want that John Cena what
come to the chair over here oh he's so
big he told me his real name's Charles
Lee ray did you fart it was you Michael
the fucking stakes I should get Lily
some wrestling figures her birthday is
next month and she wants all the
wrestlers Oh Lily stop watching this
vlog Oh biggest dream is television
there's not an attempt to them to
discover new extended content and well
except amazement yes you're on three you
trying to get me can you see me no Bella
we just got back from the movie sweetie
do you miss us Milhouse oh she's her leg
is still bothering her we asked the vet
we smell my feet babe she probably
smells the Olive Garden
well Clyde what did you think of the
movie I wish would have taken him to see
it yeah that one a better cost come on
can i film you and so do you smelling me
oh here's where were you so anyway
that's gonna be it for today you guys
had a great day we went to the party
store went to Toys R Us that was hearty
source I don't know what that is but I
do know what halloween Express okay you
want to keep splitting hairs I'll be
splitting something halloween Express
excuse me I call it the prank store the
items use calling it the party store we
went to the pranks the part how it
explores halloween Express with the
halloween Express went to all of garden
went to the movies to visit Wow
I mean was amazing it was amazing it was
so good i rated a 10 i I won't give it a
10 I'll give it about an 8 or 9 say 9
hey your nights good I know
no it's a 9 another one
real opinion it's a knot and it's such a
good movie I know so 15 is that like a
for you there's a 48 uh no I think it's
more like a 99 are you a tomato rating
no yes but it's probably like I would
say a 65 70 % tomato right I think I
would rate it 89 Rotten Tomatoes
how would you about a 75 it was skills
look I'm hard to please
I met it's really true you're so hard 75
is good for me yeah so it was a great
movie guys really really sure you really
should check it out honestly it's so
good it's a good time it's got a very
good twist ending in nice Shamel on your
back baby in a way that's gonna be it
for today you guys exciting news
starting tomorrow we got colder weather
coming I just took that brick brick
actually guys tonight is the first night
it's gonna be in the 60s whoa okay you
got us up that yelling shit man you're
not a Ric Flair you can't pull off the
whoo a minute ago bridge was like I
can't wait to tell everybody in the vlog
we called weather to come back I took it
from her why would you do that to me cuz
on my assho but you're right
tomorrow's gonna be hot they get on my
facebook so anyway thanks for watching
you guys this is my casual cute guy
leaving wait you should be a model
come on wig hired mad come on take a
higher fuck sake hey so anyway thanks
for watching you guys got me looking off
into the distance
that was a Fagin slap her behold I'm not
sure it anyway like subscribe favorite
hey that's it you gotta follow on
everything therefore to us
