so I just wanted to take a couple of
minutes of the vlog and talk about all
of those that we lost on September 11
2001 um we lost a lot of people
firefighters civilians
Cobb's it we lost a lot of people and
it's something that you know the country
will remember forever and people were
asking me to say where I was when it
happened I believe it was last year I
did an entire story about it if you want
to see it
the link is below um but just take a
moment today to think about them
everybody that we lost because it was a
horrible tragedy what's going on you
guys kid be on a camera here for just
yeah right you're west right there it's
a day a day Saturday that's my line and
it's not Saturday and today is Friday is
it yes oh my god I thought it was
Saturday
you really thought today was sad I
really thought it was Saturday
I wish the camera would stop fogging
know it hates you so today is Friday and
today is that's it that is it's Friday
we went to Walmart and that's a hit
let's just play with her no we're not
going to what your game we've beaten it
let's go see the visit let's go visit
the movie theater whoa why didn't I like
that Oh a lot of you were saying that I
should go over to Grandpa and surprise
him to see if he's actually sleeping in
that tent I agree with that click that
like button if you want me to do that
and I will go and I will visit grandpa
and see if he's actually sleeping in a
fricking 10 or nod because admittedly I
don't know for sure
yay probably not so anyway let's get
this Friday started what style movie
style
a movie style I was looking for the kiss
just kidding
ah so in the vlog where we took Clyde to
the vet I told you guys to see if you
could find the tarp that goes to
grandpa's tent well it was in the
backseat with Clyde and now I've got it
right here with me and if you're
wondering why I have the tarp for
grandpa's tent
well this keeps rain out maybe if it
rains on them a little bit he'll be
forced to go back into the house so
that's what I'm hoping for and I don't
like this tarp Oh chilly well Bridget
our good luck is over with we're at
Walmart we're back in the freaking back
of the line again it seemed likely every
time we come to Walmart oh my eyes I'm
just gonna close them while I talk
Bridget make sure to point it at my face
so it seemed like the past is at least
in my general direction yeah okay
oh so the past couple times we came to
Walmart let's try this week seem to get
good forget it I just want to give us a
french fry
where's everything at
is this an illusion what's going on
I think it is say the magic words all
right we already knew ahead of time it
bill works that is weird
that's crazy so we can't get any
potatoes on my boys'll oh man
wouldn't your brand out kicked out of
Walmart hey I'm using the selfie stick
at Walmart I gotta I gotta turn this off
it's time for Claude to get his benadryl
bel these aren't snacks buddy baby it's
medicine he's like I want that snack I
love me some benadryl
it's so cute that it yeah that's it
buddy why God used antibiotic throw
lining up they all want treats give us
both antibiotics he said he did it
didn't believe him yep
hi those are not his keys Michael keys
right here dude
probably random Keys is in need send him
back solder what does that mean solder
that's the type of heat I doubt it but
so send him back anyway everything that
you've said has been incorrect so far
his van is gone he sent me the keys like
you said he wasn't gonna do so now he's
it's raining he's definitely locked out
of the house no he isn't looking
hyperventilating and you know his van
it's fine guarantee oh you saw it then
didn't yeah I did
I lied I didn't really see it let's
sneak up on him tomorrow I bet we'll
find the van and we'll see him do you
guys want us to sneak up on grandpa
click the like button so I can sow be
too sad I don't see it
why because I'm ready whittle in a
freaking ball in a tent being rained on
oh my god Michael do you really think
he's going to do that here's the keys
you might tell you he really playing the
keys I'm sure they're not as house keys
how about that
you don't mean keys are my keychain
guess how many I use two where's my case
Bridget bed
I'm surprised you're not used to me I'm
surprised you're not used to be using
your brother I'm annoyed with that
please just stay under there or go in
the house you know he's inside Michael
he said that he is on the porch with on
it sure he is
okay go in the house dad yes I got your
keys in the mail today I sent it back to
you
oh my god
get it out
now I'm starting to feel bad that he
took the thing out of hope though
tark lieutenant Michael if he's really
out in this dude I bet he sent us random
keys to I bet they weren't even in the
house keys come on
of course you did well III guarantees
are not the keys and if they are he
definitely made a s√∫plica
this kind of stuff you know some people
are telling me that you know you kicked
him out of the house I didn't kick him
out of the house I threw out an empty
jet threat in there because I didn't
want to have so many power tools because
we tried to cut off his finger so I say
hey give me the power tools you got to
go I thought he would give me the power
tool I don't think he lived in the yard
that was big God my god
well that's gonna be after there you
guys grandpa is definitely unstuck he's
out in this dude I called him he said
he's not in it but he can't even sleep
that's gonna be it
tell me a part of that you guys thanks
for watching he's fine hopefully this
video is in 40 frames 40 60
anyway thanks watching tonight I'm not
scary lightening by the way don't say I
think you're scared of it like subscribe
favorite favorite if I meant everything
for John dad get in the house Kia
probably
