how are you feeling okay urgent care
took me a while they took to put it down
my throat wanted me to make sure there
wasn't any more food lodged in there
because I was still coughing guys if you
didn't see yesterday's vlog Jennifer
started choking on a biscuit and Doug's
thing for like look I seriously maybe
it's disrespectful
I don't know was that real that was so
real I knew it was I could I could
breathe man I was freaking out oh my god
dude yeah it was like right there like
white flash before our eyes
yeah visibly crazy Rick it hurts it
still hurts right cuz I mean uh also
doesn't help that it's swollen right
here anyway because it's our thing but
um they had me they tell me to keep
drinking like warm liquid like coffees
hot tea warm tea all that other stuff
because it's so uncomfortable
comfortable hmm well here I feel better
cut some shrimp I'll take a stroke I
can't help strength you'll be back at
the RV care we can shred I have a
shellfish allergy are you see I didn't
know that JC he got shrimp tears in his
eye once and it swelled up so I think
he's allergic I don't want so we go what
uh life lobster or shrimp the roach of
the sea our shrimp like roaches like how
how is there so many shrimps then we can
have a whole platter of them right here
800 shrimp right here I'm officially
done with shrimp thank you
that's just good thing the brooch sure
there's so many firstly and there's like
10 of these platters at Publix
with all these shrimps how many damn
shrimps are there the sea is crawling
with them
I
I'm done Dawson that's disgusting dude
have you been crying no you look like
you've been crying why are you the right
goddamn people can't cry she got bad I
miss daddy oh I I had me a crying fit on
the way home Emily here J were you in
the car yeah was it safe five more
minutes
more minutes was that Scott in the query
five more minutes
so I guess what it's about having five
more minutes
yes oh my god what was it there were
angels in dude you're falling apart we
got we get a look you think I cried this
morning first thing you do every morning
so he starts his day cry and you brush
yourself off and then later on you cry
again what Jennifer let's get their
fixer
what's going on you guys could be on a
camera here to us here right there and
today is Thursday and today is throwback
Thursday guys today's vlog is gonna have
a throwback story about grandpa I hope
you guys loved it
also today things are gonna get
explosive oh yeah explosive like when
Michael eats Chinese food later
sounds like a diarrhea joke okay when I
made the saying look we're shopping for
fireworks
you having a diarrhea joke it's true you
explode the toilet after every chinese
and Mexican food pretty you're better
than this oh we're up there right now
fixing the upstairs toilet it's all
clogged up because of you yeah Michael I
don't go up there you playing with toys
a bit how you been Jay you good you know
I really talk to you about everything
that's been going on I know it's been
hard on you guys how you been yeah
your clothes look good well yeah it's
good you do stuff well Jay hey you do
show everybody yeah yeah yeah you look
great boy real proud of you
so tell us about your girlfriend yeah
what yeah what was that
what are you talking about this is dad
take a listen
what is it hold on that's frickin dad I
swear God come on now
do you hear that I heard like a whisper
I didn't go to 557 in the video okay I'm
telling you that was dead I think it was
I can't even hear it it sounds just like
him does it freakin skeptic over here
listen to it Doug
I hear it I can't really hurt listen
daddy
that is his voice I'm just saying I am
here or I'm here hold on let me listen I
hear something it sounds to me like
something let me out what I hear let me
out
really I don't hear that at all okay I
can hear let me out but I can also hear
I'm here I don't know it sounds like I'm
here we got to do something listen I
can't do it on my vlog okay people are
getting on my ass for doing paranormal
stuff but you can do it Jenny at 3:00
a.m. you say you always random coffee at
3:00 a.m. right make coffee at 3:00 a.m.
turn the radio on what and just talk
have a hey do you have some you have a
means to create audio from a device it's
2017 you're mad you're fun yeah I got I
heard any of these news well put on the
drive home with a ghost bucks put it on
that talk radio he used to love talk
radio yeah and I could put one of those
liars in a stereo on the counter and
make an extra cup of coffee he said all
right let's talk so guys
it helps us like cope if we can have
some kind of like optimism about
something so Jennifer is gonna be doing
like a ghost thing yes yeah it's nice
scribe watch her videos and watch that
one and tell me what you hear hey it's
links in the description guys get some
fireworks here we go that moment I've
been waiting for all day
I know fireworks get those choir
practice
oh yeah is this enough do we get there
we should toss this one to fire 8,000
tossing the fire yeah we're making a
bonfire do you not remember the plan
hey-oh after last year that's all you
can play with question do you remember a
couple years ago you made hot coals that
were so hot that you pour them over
firecrackers and they went off instantly
yeah can you do that again yeah folks
it's lit I'm whipped your dog yeah oh
I'm with you housing shots oh my god our
neighbors are going to freaking hate us
y'all behavior the rest of your life I
don't care Oh neighbor don't like me
already hope they can enjoy the show
shut up don't they already is that
really 16,000 fireworks yeah yes
16,000 we're not done yet folks no sick
okay no more we're getting it you know
the press Doug where's the dough please
call it New Year's off because Kim isn't
here what do you mean because Kim's like
your helper yeah I told him I could I
think Jenny will do a good job
hold on we got yeah how did that not
impressed us right he literally doesn't
want to celebrate because she's not here
that's what it is yeah this easy called
neighbors revenge yeah that's what this
really is our neighbors hate isn't legal
all right guys we have three buggies of
fireworks right now and I am terrified
of the price what do you think this is a
second mortgage
fingers crossed yeah fingers credits
right oh I thought I've not have a
credit card
yeah here we go total ready yes there's
one thousand three more this year than
July for less than we thought forget it
we're all right oh wait a minute what
was that I just caught on camera that's
her dad they're in a romantic thing dude
this is crazy we have three buggy
freaking niggers is what hold it okay
wait wait guys you know there's like a
little thing back there we had three
buggies of fireworks three buggies of
fireworks one car to put them in Doug
said put the feet in my hands let me do
it I take the challenge cuz I can do it
and he did it Doug done it look at this
oh jeez I didn't think it could be done
guys the way he's packed this gee whiz I
still want to cancel you still want to
cancel it Jimmy you can't let him down
no I'm gonna do it with you let somebody
know you're not Kim
you know dad I know this is crazy to
hear and I'm serious and I mean this
that I'm sorry but there's this dude
named Kyle not do it okay listen
Kim's married a Kyle you're married to
Jenny you guys got something I have a
boyfriend named Jamie does he know this
under the green purse I have a dad I'm
so in love with Michael I can't help it
you're in love with Kim it's funny
we're like fairies we we imagine or ax
like a flutter same guy but now there's
one guy fighting over me and Kim I mean
come on God ugh
yeah and we're fighting over the same
guy colonel and we just got to the
swinging swine yeah this is a place that
grandpa really really wanted to go so
we're going for him all right grandpa
y'all barbecue
here's some grandpa he really wanted to
try this place we never got a chance to
get to
a few months ago I was surfing pitch
with and I saw a video was totally viral
and a hundred thousand retweets and it
was pork rinds they dip in pimento
cheese so we found the place this is the
place this is when grandpa found out
about he was like I gotta try that shit
my dad we're doing this for you
pork rinds implemented
oh I gotta try it
they go so good together
this is smoked sausage Kalinka adult
lunchable this place is crazy good isn't
it how do you like owner how it is with
the mustard sauce and dad what did you
get burnt in burnt end which is the funk
pieces of brisket it looks good
everything I imagined it's really good
oh my god I love it
sweetums one tell you right now it's
really good
Brigitte got a pulled pork sandwich and
she swears to God and it's the best old
pork sandwich she's ever had in her life
I'm calling BS here we go pulled pork
sandwich
you gotta save this this is the best
pork sandwich I've ever had
swig ins wine you know the payment of
this promotion bro I feel like I've got
to talk about it it was kind of awkward
Bridgette noticed while we were eating
that there was this guy and he was kind
of behind JC and apparently he had a
personal problem with us I don't know
why I don't know anybody's way I don't
know what we did I think it was a wait
because he was staring at Bridgette when
she was eating her wings and who's going
on and apparently he had a personal
problem and Jacy noticed when we got up
What did he say God you know if you got
a personal problem
I do wish she said it to Isaac get up
from your table and walk over to ya cuz
we're being mad there don't do like a
thing oh thank god don't be a puss you
got a problem get up from your table and
walk to me like a man would do and run
your mouth so I can knock you out in
person now people may think that I'm a
put you're gonna find out now Jay see
what you did was wrong but it was so
funny it was wrong though we can't you
know you can't raise to be a person like
that you know Jay see after it was over
walked up to the window and he flipped
him off yeah he said it and these are
flipping it you flipped off a
fourteen-year-old kid right so excuse me
16 almost 17 okay whatever it is whoa I
appreciate it I do I know Michael
doesn't do what happened seriously no
way let's just wait right here now we'll
find out if it happened via what is
going on so I don't know what exactly we
did to that guy maybe his life's
miserable look
you looked miserable but I'd be
miserable too I was just trying to enjoy
my damn food and him looking at me was
really rude I'm sorry I'm not at a
weight that you find yeah sexually
adequate to fulfill your needs That's
not me I'm not what you're what you
desire I'm sorry ma'am I don't want to
lock up your car door but find me okay
you guys I am having a really hard time
so while we were filming and filming in
the park because we just got
disrespected at the swigging spine
Jennifer thought had a person to parking
on foot people saw but they were
pointing they were pointing so I
confronted them in the store and I asked
what his problem was and apparently I'm
the one with the problem yeah so I want
to apologize to that guy kind of kind of
made an ass of myself he did and I feel
so bad because
yes I'm freaking out on everybody kind
of embarrass myself a few minutes ago
you guys if you see this buddy he's been
subscribing that's what he's in there
well Richard I apologized I said I'm
sorry for disrespecting my mom was like
you're joking she really thought you
were joking
you know at first I was it's because we
thought she was hugging Jennifer's words
like they flipped you off so like what
the hell I love to Gaza why'd you flip
me off it was like I didn't flip you off
and I kind of they were pointing oh my
god I do to my fan jenny is literally
about to cry like literally I'm not
ready to be re-implemented into society
right now this is not yeah you're you're
snapping we got to go yeah we need to
leave because I feel real bad I feel
embarrassed and I feel sorry yeah of
course look guy I'm sorry that I you
know tried to battle that you know
you'll spot the parking lot she hooded
me oh my god walk out to me he was like
listen I'm not sure what's going on but
I didn't I was like I knew once people
came up to me and said that I was wrong
so I apologize I'm apologizing again
when you make mistakes you own up to it
I didn't mean to freak out on you in the
store dude you know and guys just so you
know we're snapping
it's Chloe Turing on the edge I gotta
comb yeah you should find Irene it's not
even kidding let's go who's got at the
store I feel sorry for them they had
they got a deal with some big jerk
for no reason just because I assumed
something that didn't happen you're
already angry from life that's what
happened I was angry because we really
were disrespected at this wiggins wine
and I thought we were being disrespected
again and I was like you know what I
didn't say anything ass wiggins wine I'm
gonna say something this time but and do
anything I'm just cracking at the seams
and I apologized to that family sorry to
that family I'm we're not really like
that
if it helps Bridget was like Michael
don't do it I was like I'm walking up to
I know I just I felt like it was
possibly a misunderstanding and I felt
like everyone's snapping and we're guys
it's just this whole loss thing it
doesn't get easier every day is harder
than the last and I just really missed
the hata and I'm taking it out on
complete strangers now I know I'm trying
Bridget okay I know then I thought I
thought they did - you know I took
Jenny's word and we were just flicked
off and flipped off and then she said it
I'm just like okay what is going on
today guys I show you everything I could
have easily cut this out of the vlog but
its necessary to own up to BS that you
caused I caused this I apologize I feel
horrible man it's part of the grieving
process feel real bad I'm real sorry
we gotta we can't I just feel so sad
because
was what because they watch us and we
were so mean above I mean afterwards we
hugged I know and we didn't know we
thought they were pricks and would be
warned and they were I'm really sorry
man
you know when you make a mistake you own
up to it and this was me this is
something that I'm going through I miss
dad more than I can convey and I'm still
dealing with it so I'm real sorry when
you make a mistake you own up to it
that wasn't me absolutely I'm really
sorry let's go home
you
