come on dude this is not good when we
look oh my eyes it's good for me how do
you sit there enjoy this because a I'm
camping out man this is not camping this
is torture
what is that good still come on let's go
you're moving back in the house I do not
move back near your house you kidney is
not our house did your house I tried I
gave you an empty stop fighting with me
on this all right I've made bridge I go
back to the house now you tell me what
the hell's the deal hey Mikey you kicked
me out my own out I did not do that it
wasn't you know you give me a blow job
I just told you to go back I thought you
would leave me I'm trying to do that
bridge my house if it's my house I'm
telling you to walk away real quick I'm
trying well I'm never get dad to open up
whatever can you do I do if I talk for
her I'll care whatever then hey you're
the one I do ask you never a good one
you could have helped me unload the van
I did know you'd get with a camera you
ain't watching me
I'm excuse me you bit your tongue when I
tried to help you you wanted to hurt me
number two I asked you watch me backing
up and you didn't you let me you deliver
I think you delivered let me beautiful
you hit the gas for some reason you
chucked the van back I did not hurt the
van back you asshole
what did why did it crash into it but
you didn't tell me was there
oh I said you want you to take grant if
you did dad back up stop us see Stu says
identify I said you're getting a little
too close you didn't see a damn thing
I'm sorry your hearing your line now Shh
lie like a fucking rug now this is my
new home well enjoy it I will thank you
Bridget I'm pretty good see you
understand Joe you do home big hugger
Nuggets making mutton the blood Nuggets
me Chuck come on wait how many times we
got to go over this guy lower the
juggernut it is he's that another
youtuber
I'm not a youtuber yes you are YouTube
whether you like
not on me I'm grandpa yeah but people
okay do you really sleep in this thing
now come on are you just messing we are
you doing up here last night are you
gonna sneak back into the house when I
leave hell no and even got a Kiyomi you
wanna see fish meat fish me I will no
keys I don't have keys to a house no
more this where's the keys then I'm
bailing to you you should get them in
the mail tomorrow hey hello
Irma beans with what this table is
disgusting
so what who are you no he isn't
how'd you open this thing dude you
cannot eat these let me take you out
these things are gonna burn the hell out
of you if you try to eat them I'll give
up you're gonna burn your freak now okay
I'm out hot very pretty good just go
inside yes yo house you do anything you
want it's not our house there's my house
I like my house I don't want to go
camping all summer now I got a can a
might you wanted to poo yeah I would
like to super watch what you did oh yeah
well I did what you did okay you get a
little dangerously close to me if you
eat images where you that's not my event
look at it the earth is like sinking
ended oh my god the water still pouring
out of it
how you gonna fix this I don't think I
can people were telling me gorilla glue
duct tape they're saying you can get it
replaced part of it I don't know the
deal dude
though you need to get it thick when you
go to sell the place
I'm not selling it sorry
apology accepted hey you finally
apologized no I'm sorry you get your
money back though I've had with dad
Bridget Leslie bonaga live my vein when
you get a pig I don't care ok well let's
go Michael
goodbye so you're really gonna live in
this fricking campsite just go back in
time afar I got my protection quit
dicking those around and go in I got my
cooker what more could I ask for a roof
I got one
