what's going on you guys kick me out of
camera here bridge Alessio bridge West
right there and unless the Sun decided
not to come out today his night time we
are on our way to an emergency vent
because Clyde is having a huge real
allergic reaction Bridget was about to
go to bed just now she took the dogs out
so they could go upstairs and she looked
at Clyde space and suddenly it was his I
was totally swollen his neck and his
wrinkles yeah it's all flared up and so
we're going to check them out we're
taking them to an emergency vet and
we're going to see how Clyde's do how
you doing buddy
hang in there Clyde we are on our way
poor thing it looks a row
it's nice
Wow it is 103 right now there's no cars
out shotgun way over this people oh
great so we'll just be a big black metal
clump with bloody flesh do you want
Clyde to like stop everything do you
want his no but do you want us to stop
breathing
I really hope Clyde is doing okay we
don't you know earlier I didn't know so
fact I left a bowl of fried rice out and
Clyde got into it there was onions in it
I really hope that they're not like what
does this semi doing what yeah real
funny Michael G blue I'm gonna cry and
drive what he really wanted cry and
drive
here we go no better this isn't helping
any better high and dry so there you go
how about snow misko what here we go
there you go buddy
you know this song is not about dog
okay genius what song really about hos
hos Clyde likes hos don't you buddy
he likes bitches and hoes yeah
all right buddy we have reached your
destination
Italy he seems in good spirits I know
they just gave quite some shots steroid
and benadryl peps out
hey how for me yeah I stole some k-cups
I did I never heard of this before
southern pecan you limey little thief
pecan whatever poor buddy he looks awful
don't know what happened to him
he didn't give bed well we are on our
way home from the vet and it is pouring
down rain
flurry blurry there we go 3:03 in the
morning feel like a biscotti
you're a vegan you wear a leather coat
and sometimes you smoke gloves you're
not vegan you just uh we're home
see all that day laying around me either
that means the Sun came out tonight or
it's the next day we finally got home
with Claud last night almost 4 o'clock
in the morning he's doing a lot better
today they gave him some injections some
steroid stuff said keep our eye on them
I just getting some Bridget was here but
just here I figured why do the kid be on
camera then because the vlogs already
started give me my hat wear your hat
uh-huh well my baseball fan notice how
it just sorta changed back so part two
to the video angry grandpa moves out
just went up if you haven't seen it yet
the link is going up on the side of the
screen right now yeah I just whipped a
bag of charcoal to the swimming pool
Brock Lesnar style I mean it's not a car
door or anything if you haven't seen
that the link is below it's also popped
up on the side of the screen check it
out angry grandpa boobs out well with
the final pull video being out I decided
to give you guys some of the remaining
things that I didn't use to leave it
Saenz
extras whatever I have left check this
out
it happens a bit dude I don't fucking
know
what do we do Jamie I need help Jamie
seriously what happens the water gets up
we mess something up there's a lot of
water
luckily you have two dicks right there
it's all gonna go towards the ditch Mike
flood is that a charcoal he has a son
fuck his charcoal he is a real son of a
bitch - it is going towards the sergeant
said so bitch chuckles we'll get you one
oh well
good
yeah there's no plug in it really
there's no saving it look at him no you
happy
I try now see that I tried it I tried
I'm buying him shit
I don't I don't think so did
bacio you're gonna get Michael just stop
grill GUI go fix this man yeah yeah cuz
that would work it's gone it's over go
go
let's you already got it you don't do it
again
look at him look at he's gone sorry yeah
the hell with you did I apologize
dad rejected please don't do anything
with that thing hey I didn't mean you do
it look at him he doesn't care
yeah I neither do we let's go what are
we going to do bob is that what happens
if it floods the yard ask me if I get if
you guys want to see it I will show you
the aftermath for today's video
in tomorrow's vlog so if you want to see
that click the like button there was a
bunch of stuff like we went and looked
at the swimming pool a whole lot of
stuff that in it using this video if you
want to see it click like and I'll put
it in tomorrow's blog and I feel I keep
doing this like I'm a politician Hey
well we're just checking out Klaus
little eye today see how he's doing
looks a lot better than a Brigitte oh
gosh I know he's let's read - yeah last
night he sort of looked like Rocky
Balboa Oh aren't here new bells so I'm
glad you feel better buddy I'm better
give me some more benadryl a lot of
people been asking for it so there you
go a feel exciting really where's Felix
this is a person I've seen him in a few
days
Oh Belle look focus on me and not Felix
they're all going crazy now they all
want to be filmed okay
well except Claude Hey
oh hey buddy what are you going okay
where were you going there client you
another allergic reaction no no I think
it must be filthy Oh Bella wants no part
of us or any of our plans together she
goes don't include me in anything I just
want to sit here until time to go in
again
Clyde your girlfriend's over there man
like nah man she gave me stink eye glad
to Bella give you the stink eye what are
you doing
well this was the broken selfie stick so
I'm trying to think of a way to make use
out of it okay maybe we can make the
selfie cig mm-hmm let's figure this out
where'd you get wet I can't talk not
really this is not working no it isn't
it's a dumb idea yeah and then when I
figure it out we make millions from it
mm-hmm Oh God
all right I don't smoke but any cricket
works on one oh sure Hey look Bridget
you're selling yourself smoking a selfie
see I fade it well anyways that's gonna
be a fun day you guys first thank all of
you for the you know the messages you
were sending all night on Twitter
because we were talking about collide
all night I'll look everybody that was
saying you know feel better collide and
all that thank you for the messages we
really appreciate it collide whom is
right behind me right on if you can see
it while I'm vlogging feels a lot better
I can tell he's running around he's
having a good time so and I just gave
him some benadryl Clyde's got some
benadryl
Claude you want to hear your song who
let the dogs out
and bridge docile you know gave me the
information that that song is actually
about bitches in the club
ugly bitch isn't leak ugly badges gonna
quote dogs are if you haven't seen the
new video boom link below if you want an
anger grandpa shirt
boom link below and if you want to
follow me on Twitter
Oh Bridge OS they don't want to end it
yep so stop making this about you now
don't follow you on twitter don't follow
Phil follow him on twitter follow me for
device can you not do this without
poking me that's the question anyway
that's gonna be a for today you guys
thanks for watching like subscribe
favorite okay you're just stealing that
from me I've been doing it for days
favorite I can't tell how this selfie
stick is you know I can't either I
