what's going on you guys kick me out a
camera here and today yeah I got a
selfie stick today is to say Tuesday my
head is being screwed up with you guys
because yesterday was Labor Day I keep
thinking yesterday was Sunday
so today's Tuesday and today I got
myself a selfie stick and not just a
selfie stick three selfie sticks first I
went to Walmart and I got myself a
selfie stick and I went to use it and it
broke instantly so Bridget and I decided
screw it we're gonna take the trip and
we went to Best Buy and we got to selfie
sticks just in case so Bridget my
apologies I know you to the other selfie
stick away cuz you didn't want me using
this camera Michael I did not do that
you guys he actually thinks I did this I
feel like she threw it away cuz she won
she hates this camera so much and that's
why I'm not even in the intro do you
guys like this camera let me know in the
comment section if you like it or not
and then let me get the 4k camera if I
hate that camera yeah but maybe they
like it anyway
we're gonna get this Tuesday started um
it's Wednesday what is today me Pharrell
it's Tuesday Tuesday well I'm going up
these stairs which it up could only mean
a couple things could it be I'm going on
a ghost hunt could it be I'm going to
this one mess with a green-screen could
be I'm going to grab this taser that
Bridget has left out there the hell was
she doing or am i coming to the toy room
yep that's exactly where I was going I
haven't really been in this room since
grandpa destroyed everything in it but I
decided to come in here earlier because
I ordered online a bunch of pieces for
the rain grandpa broke and I tried to
rescue it I put it back together and
then I set up that place that I bought
from Target the other day so here it is
I got a freaking crowd but I got to
clean this up
this room is a wreck also I just noticed
the blinds are like oh god oh my god
what is this oh Jesus I just stepped on
that oh dammit dad's still destroying me
months after the video I was trying to
show you this that I noticed the blinds
are destroyed from a grand putt to the
video and then I had to step on a board
with a nail in it this is my project
over the next couple of days cleaning up
this room making it really nice and
turning it into my office I don't want
to call it my man cave because dad has
his man cave and people are gonna Sam
copy it after my own father just turning
it into a nice room something that I
would like well we're here at La Corral
I'm eating cheese dip
I'm not there guys tears yeah yeah it's
crazy thumbnail it's a good class might
be it's awesome
I love the salsa - this place is just so
good so I got chicken feeders
I got carnitas of course I don't know
why I'm doing that duo
I guess I'm praying you're praying says
I'll Bridget this is a trick battle born
from Lunchables thanks Lunchables you
made me fat
look at Bridget fajitas oh it's awesome
the course Wow look at mine carnitas
this that's awesome now wait the fajitas
were just sizzling like they were they
always
well we just got back from LA Kurata I
had me some Mexican food it was good so
it's only fitting that I'll start
looking in the fridge for more food
however in the meantime the other day
when I was doing the video let me show
this it's getting a little cold in the
meantime the other day that video that I
recorded where I was scared of the
biscuits I didn't know if I was going to
able to you know capture the moment for
the thumbnail luckily I did but just in
case I recorded this as I was making the
thumbnail this is from the other day but
I thought at least you guys might want
to see it check this out what's going on
you guys can't be on a camera here
rejoice - hey are right behind the
camera and today is still Sunday and
today I'm working on getting my
thumbnail for tonight's video I'm
starting this video on Sunday even
though this is Monday's video you'll see
when it's tomorrow right now it's still
Sunday and I need a thumbnail I decided
while I was watching the vlog the
funniest part of the video was the
biskits part and so I want to get a
thumbnail so I have to Rio reopen
biscuits to get a thumbnail for it you
believe it come on you piece of shit how
melodramatic I was like really scared
for a second so honestly thumbnail time
ready ah eat some of the raw biscuits
that doesn't happen in the video I just
scream to put it any way I dare you
I'll do it after the thumbnail okay
how's that it's pretty good
flip it I'm
everything's not my strong suit ah how's
that I think that's good okay Oh how's
it taste
yeah I don't eat the whole thing
come on like I'm gonna do that okay spit
it out you know what let's get this
Monday stupid and I've also just
realized that I've been wearing that
shirt for days now tomorrow new shirt
because this is kind of ridiculous
not nearly as ridiculous as going to
Mexican and they look for food
afterwards which is what I'm doing what
do we got
how you feeling today Bella so for the
past couple of days Bella has been
walking with a little bit of a limp up
there she goes we took her to the vet
this morning and they didn't find
anything so they just I don't know
they're thinking maybe she okay she's
like fuck this tree that Bell take the
whole blimp oh god it's becoming a fight
over the tree what just happened they
hate this thing
ron's made the scene off a Jurassic Park
when the long neck is like grabbing the
Leafs from the top tree okay why are we
letting her do this alright bill thanks
for the trim so the vent wants to get
Bella running around her leg because she
says there's gonna break
she thinks she's needs to be active on
it so that's what we're gonna try to do
here hey Bella hey Bella
nope you go you can do it girl I believe
in you maybe we got ants all over your
flat and do something was itchy Oh
chew it that's gonna be it for today you
guys hope you had a good day went to LA
Coretta I ate some fajitas that turned
my mouth into a scorching inferno and my
hands cleaned up my wrestling toy room
played in the Ottawa Bell tried to get
her to run because the doctor wants us
to get her leg moving because they don't
see any signs of like sprains or
anything so they said maybe we should
get her active on it um didn't work she
just wanted to tear up our plant so
gonna get out of here thanks for
watching you guys
didn't hear from dad all day he doesn't
want to talk it's fine well whatever I
had a good day
Bridget did take grandpa on some errands
this morning I was still asleep because
I wasn't joining it I was a just are
joining though I was awake actually I
want to join it let's just close out
there Oh that'd make you mad oh yeah
dude it's your dad and you're gonna love
him and help him for me fine like
subscribe favorite pickle and everything
for just that's not the end
