dad what come inside we're cooking
burgers and stuff they drive coming
fight and you will I'm not going to that
out why not get yeah
no I did it's enough of this stuff I can
be tested
and what is your deal dude what what is
your deal is you pouring down rain
you're sitting on the yard with an
umbrella I'm not getting wet ridiculous
please come inside of cooking burgers
I'm gonna clean the mess I got
everything all you do is come inside and
enjoy yourself I'm not gonna join myself
with a damn hell no come under this I'm
gonna make sure you don't put ruin your
house
dude the rain is getting bad David I'm
happy again what's going on you guys
keyonna camera here vigils here for Joe
West right there today is Labor Day
today my brother's here singing and
today we're cooking dinner at grandpa's
house whether he wants us here or not
let's just ate yeah okay we're not
cleaning the mess like you do broken
hearts clean the mess I got clean he's
not gonna come inside which means it'll
be here until now so we gotta came to my
clothes clean it but we stole some of
his corn corn chili fries gonna be going
gonna have some of my burgers going he
actually made which tells me he's not as
mad as he says he is ribs I'm a
delicious they really are me can't be
that mad I know right come on goddamn
cook no you fucking cleaning I'm gonna
try yeah try I'll be trotty clean okay
move I'll do it I'll do it
damn shit all right dude yeah it was a
yeah see you're ruining Labor Day oh
sorry Labor Day would you don't let yet
label that when your mom's label your
ass you wrote that day to me yeah
Liberty was going forever I thought I
can't get you tracking again yeah I will
yeah right tomorrow I'll do it now no
Jess you're doing for me how do you know
you have the annual problem here you've
got no anger problems how wasn't your
tent last night I love it oh did you cuz
I know it rained
uh we talked about that so sitting here
at grandpa's house and I just got done
cleaning your damn thing okay you ain't
gettin nothin I'm going back to my Shack
okay stay in the house dude I don't have
much yet so you're not gonna say you've
enjoyed being in here no we're gonna
come cook ball you got it I cook you
have cut Sean and he clean I could maybe
damn back clean - oh my god we all knows
a lot either yelling that I'm going to
hell who do all these dishes I started
working on you love told him fish about
oh we're watching no watch division and
why it was empty I'm not really but he
won't she watched let's watch her watch
him so just freaking go back to the room
it's going by can't stop taking us
around I'm going to my camp you don't
live in a tent I live in a camp because
you kick me out yeah only in the tent
you live in a house oh well I need a
riot bar seriously where is your band II
die soon as the Jonas no way pool pool I
have to go to the store bar so get about
four o'clock and you give me to the
store I'm sorry
milk or your tent how about next week I
have no one no I enjoyed it gonna wear
y'all have to do story fine we'll take
them
we'll see what I'm doing I don't know
and then did on Wednesday morning I've
got to go to the dog so you need to be
ready to cough what and it's all gonna
more exact i don4t sorry
obviously are you okay fine but I
fucking die president we're taking when
I die that was your fault
yo man I I know it cuz you would you put
up your water you will be dying
no dude why would you give me the damn
gun cuz you're lying you have a router
there's a shot port idea to the doctor
fine enough already obviously we'll take
you eight o'clock
why can't make importance later well I
would have missed it mr. King if I know
you go P that need I'll just chop you
off Michael and I'll go back home what
do i TF states like you take it
do you anymore you guard know what new
Bartok I know why can't you borrow the
call oh yeah I don't trust you you're
lying about your van I don't leave the
keys in the mailbox
oh I will hide my keys because they're
mine well I'm gonna go and do I feel how
you gonna have to go get the idea of God
walk huh I'll take these goddamn shoes
I'll take on which I have ache I think
you hear doctors are playing what
happened to the van dude there's no way
water did this water if you're now the
other no it did no no water got inside
your line told me the water shorted out
your phone to assure you I be abroad
when I hit my phone fell before door
water rusted oh boy
how much work yeah if you like he thinks
he drove through a lake I did Jeremy
he's pretending you then yeah if I can
water could do that to the pool the
heavy rain head you to back me up
properly I'm putting it nothing to be
regardless I told you so you lie I told
you I told you to close to the pool
jo jo nothin will you chill out for a
minute how I show you too hard back in
you I'm you were kids back in you Nucky
grow through see see you did not you
think you're getting a loser goes dad
dad you did not tell me stuff ah who's
right who's wrong you son who's right
who's wrong all right you're wrong what
are you precipitate from you're getting
a little too close does that mean speed
up that's what you did that's not stop
but you see that how you know your one
stop you don't know it is dude never
bathroom oh my god dude this is pretty
cool scene Bridget look just chilling
against a brick wall
oh I want to join brick wall moment boom
it's I like the scene I do look cool
you're probably that not call us at all
I'm probably the coolest guy that's ever
sat against this wall you're pretty cool
guy admit it you're pretty cool so I
found myself cooking dinner for
everybody and when it was all over I
didn't eat myself Bridge didn't eat we
gotta eat man now it's gonna wait for
you but then like all the meat was gone
so anyway we look for Chinese this is it
yeah oh that's a gym thank you here we
go right here
oh cool
the only sign that I want to see talk
Chinese food Chinese food open so anyway
thanks for watching you guys that's
gonna be afraid a checkpoint conquers
that not me I made you think I was Mia
playing how the plank Hey look everybody
it's a hoe and you can use this if you
have a garden at home okay anyway that's
gonna be it for today you guys I hope
you had a good Labor Day hope you spend
it with your family and your friends and
I ate Chinese food and I cooked
cheeseburgers for everybody and had a
relatively normal day with dad he still
is sleeping in his tent uh part two of
the video was going up boom Wednesday
however if you can't wait till Wednesday
here's a preview you're moving the back
into the van how the fucking house
Hey look like it right back you're
moving back in the house I do not move
back near your house ah come on grandpa
hey got your new mortar - okay come on
yeah this dude is living in a effing
tent in his backyard it's definitely
like Eddie's business around its not
even put together well like this thing
is like yeah I think he's messing with
us I don't I can't make I can't figure
out what a hashtag grow up grandpa
hashtag don't get my shot I'm just
kidding Bridget thank you oh my god he
kissed me first guys you saw that wait
vlogging over yet nope
covered it way too so another telling
the phone on everything okay you just
did that for just for just for just it's
not even know if you guys want any good
grandpa shirts link it below and that's
it great day chill day with a good
grandpa now soft me the Netflix and
chill or HBO and go yeah anyway thanks
for watching you guys hope you had a
good day
I had a good
like/subscribe Haber favorite yeah zoo
man Michael it's always doomed in
