what's going on you guys keep me on a
camera here Clyde drinking water their
vigil st ya rijal West here and today is
Sunday and today I don't know if Claude
is gonna ever stop drinking he's thirsty
I don't know if we're going over a
Grandpa's house for Sunday dinner he's
not talking to me he tried to tell me
the other day when I was at his house
that his phone shorted out with the van
now I'm really starting to see your
point
ya see I don't listen to your break I
don't think anything is wrong with this
man or his phone or his phone so if we
don't get to Sunday dinner bridge and
I've decided for dinner tonight
Oh breakfast we're having breakfast
I want turkey bacon breakfast for dinner
I don't want Turkey no turkey baked
turkey bacon pie wall regular baked on
dad don't you cancel Sunday dinner on me
man he's not answering me I went to his
house with a little bit of God he wasn't
even in his tent so I don't even wear
whoo did someone pick him up I don't
know ah yes let's just live life Sunday
dinner canceled I hope not anyway I'm
giving this Sunday started not going to
grandpa's style breakfast for dad no
style no turkey bacon style winter style
which er okay know which are style
Lygia and I've done the pink controller
away no we need milk we need flour
pancake mix breakfast I like breakfast
so Wow
turkey bacon no turkey bacon yeah turkey
bacon
no no turkey bacon Michael why crap
baby cry baby shut up the crybaby baby
you don't get no turkey bacon shut up
cry okay how long have these been here
Oh doesn't work aw there goes well my
pumpkins off the light
let's see these pumpkins in action you
can you can tell it's looking like
Christmas in the greenhouse
what well it'll be here till Christmas
we all know holiday anymore okay you
guys let's fast for the video and show
you into the future this is December
21st 2015
it's beginning to look a lot like
Christmas pumpkins on the stove not true
yes it is shut up
no is it they're never leaving obviously
maybe are we take them down like a month
before the next Halloween and put them
back yeah take them down in the middle
of December here comes Santa Claus here
comes Santa Claus right down Santa Claus
like then we take that Shamrock down
because it's time to go away I got to
show it no Frosty the Snowman he was
cold in September even though it was
like a hundred out he was cold as
fucking whatever I can't think of a
rhyme but there's a freakin snowman
candle here and it is September and I'm
out tack okay can we not find a current
theme this is just how it goes dude in
our house
we don't even know what the holidays are
anymore like when Christmas comes I
believe holy shit it's December already
I'm not even gonna realize that it's
Christmas because the pumpkin candles
all our vowels are gonna totally confuse
me what are you doing are you happy yeah
I'll be a little happy I mean I don't
actually care somebody sometimes
look at frosty go company thump thump
thumpety thump-thump he knows it's
September though
yeah we'll show the pumpkin now I gotta
put a melter in there see you in January
buddy what are you talking about it was
I swear to god wait Michael I swear to
God oh I swear it was I did not mean to
but it was an ad days like mater boy
that on purpose do the things like
fucking cheap you definitely do that
person where I didn't why would you do
that to me I did it I was just walking
and it whipped off I mean I know it's
not really Christmas but Oh Brigid now
you make me feel bad swear I didn't do
this on purpose I was walking I was
holding by the head it just came off my
hand
hey where is the shit made of looks like
it's fucking made of candy cane me up
glass what kind of glass I don't know
what I'll just make sure I put my
decorations up and dude stop this I
swear was an accident all right let's
get some glue it's cool I'll just well
wait until December look glue that was
genuinely an accident I was taking it to
the laundry room in the pan ripped off
like the shit had it made of like
freakin blastic or something I don't
even know dude glue you could have told
me this earlier well pretty close
because one we usually have plans on
Sunday dinner so I did help out now it's
fine I'm gonna make breakfast now
yep I'm coming I'm coming over tomorrow
yes I'm getting there everybody's coming
together we're coming to your house and
dude get in the house
yeah don't you sleep in that for content
it's because it is freakin raining and I
thought you said your phone was ruined
why is it blinking talking to Bridget
why is the fling blinking gets a battery
running out of something I'm talking to
Bridget stop oh well obviously Sunday
dinners cancelled he whatever hello
he thought I was looking at him I said
the flashing but there's a little light
flashing on the camera and I asked you
about it wolf - nosy shit dude
Oh God what yeah it's fancy shit oh my
god I'm pretty sure that tent doesn't
have a guitar for anything so he's gonna
if it rains we're making a breakfast for
dinner featuring bridge making a lot of
noise in the Kenna sing and also
featuring Shooter Jennings sausage gravy
recipe we're stealing that boy it's ours
now
yes gravy recipe and it's gonna be yours
too you know I have a feeling that
shooter copied our recipe oh yeah hehe
Smith he saw into the future and copied
my recipe yep
so this right here is what happens when
Bridget gets her hands on a cup o yo you
you broke this don't even play me you're
doing evaluate the damage clumsy little
Bridget drops a freaking Company linda's
pretty close Oh anyway what can we do
Michael dog I broke the cop I got the
bacon on a pan we were out of tinfoil
dude you cleaning up I'm just kidding
okay hmm
so Bridget want a turkey bacon sorry
baby is good but it doesn't be regular
baked Michael I want you to bake some
turkey bacon you were big in this no
yeah as well thousand covered in grease
you're probably right what up hands for
okay why is this the scariest oh you say
fuck Michael is that unexpected
do that was just the middle section was
I'm mad I was it I was not expecting
anything I was in the middle of saying
why is it so scary to open biscuits and
explode it out of nowhere kinda whatever
and why is it so scary to open biscuit
one thing when I make breakfast
it gets crazy in here dude cuz you got
to do a lot of stuff at the same time
for instance I'm going to make an
sausage gravy here pancakes here eggs
they're checking on biscuits checking on
bacon I think I said actually but I tell
you it's tedious it is so this masher
right here is one of the most important
things to making the shooter Jennings
sausage gravy because you just got to
sit there and mash it until it's all
crumbled up which I've never done before
usually got chunks of sausage but if you
do this it'll be really finely chopped
as you can see it is almost done and you
got to remember it's still going to
continue to cook so I'm going to go
ahead and start adding a little bit of
all-purpose flour to this little
increments okay a little bits at a time
really go ahead and dissolve this into
it like that and eventually as you keep
doing this you'll have like a thick
sausage II paste and that's what you're
looking for okay if you look closely
you'll see that it's now like a sausage
e-fit mess so we're just are adding our
milk now a little bits at a time whole
milk
you want to just whisk it around in
there it'll absorb very quickly and you
just keep adding it until the sausage
gravy is that consistency that you like
so as you can see we are picking on the
clay like substance that I made fun of
shooters gravy for and we are taking on
that which very happy with the beans
getting close and you're gonna want to
salt and pepper this to taste a little
more pepper than salt though because you
want a nice peppery gravy okay here goes
a pancake
so boom I use the box mix I didn't do it
from scratch it's easy to do it from
scratch though I have before I just
don't want it today starting to feel
insecure I feel like I should flip it I
don't know I'm gonna fucking go old man
securities and I'm flipping it boom what
I did it
and here we go biscuit and sausage gravy
with a little bacon over top little
turkey bacon eggs and pancakes
anyway that's gonna be it for today you
guys even though grandpa cancelled
Sunday dinner and he screamed at me over
the phone I still made breakfast for
dinner Shooter Jennings sausage gravy
yes was that good or what Bridget it was
amazing that gravy was superficial very
good if you get a chance make Shooter
Jennings sausage gravy recipe it is
delicious
so tomorrow God you all learned today
that grandpas pulling a mcjuggernuggets
and he's living in a tent in his
backyard right now I you know what we
should do what we should learn to cook
that's what I was about to mention click
the like button if you think I should go
to grandpa's house and throw a Labor Day
party I'm trying to get him out of his
bad mood I want to show him that it he's
when are you gonna realize that he is
dicking me over I didn't Bridget he's
living in a tent he's thinking you
around but he's living in his backyard
open to God you feel so bad for grandpa
he's making me feel bad because he
doesn't have a car he's living in a tent
he thinks I'm rubbing the house in his
face and I'm not its hit dad if you see
this on your phone
uh it's your house it's hot inside it
it's his house and he still has a van oh
I was there today I did not see a man he
parked it somewhere no doubt maybe he
wants some weed
I don't like your accusations and it
pisses me off stop it
click like and tomorrow we will go to
grandpa's house and we will have a party
we'll invite a lot of people including
him he'll most likely I can see it now
he's gonna be watching from his tent in
the distance oh I got myself a cabbage
I don't eat it calling it now yeah he's
digging around dad if they click like
I'm coming over tomorrow we're having a
Labor Day party and you're coming you're
gonna eat some burgers - you're coming
inside and you're moving back in the
house already it's enough
anyway that's gonna be it for today you
guys you can still get angry grandpa
shirts down at the link below we added
some more we keep getting rid of shirts
you guys keep wanting them so we keep
adding them because you guys are worth
it you guys want shirts you guys get
shirts and we got more shirts coming
soon I cannot wait for you to see those
yeah I got about three new shirt designs
I got coming up and I hope you love all
of them so anyway getting out of here
thanks for watching you guys like not
showing Bridget subscribe yeah favorite
follow everything but us for just
princess pajamas Instagram pages not
Nikhil zoom in Michael buck zoom in why
is this scary
