Wow Michael get up for what you have to
vlog what are you watching
trying to watch Smosh okay we gotta get
up in vlog later Bridget I don't feel
like it right now Michael please I'm
tired of your dad pissing you off
I just come on we do a self to vlog is
it Michael stop this come on dude this
is the shit I talk about getting just
chill
you have to vlog I can't even a blog
later it's like noon what the hell dude
I hear I am just trying to watch freakin
iPad and you gotta come in with the
camera leave me alone how do I do night
ahh
pick a boy it's green it's not
everyone's fault that your dad is like
that oh you should probably vlog watch
my show I just want to watch my cow why
do you do this Michael get up get that
camera come on Michael get away from me
please just go just get out please go
okay let me go ahead are you uh are you
up now dude if you shot mom go down the
stairs all day you know I'm prone to
falling down stairs come on no fall and
dive right there
Oh real funny you wouldn't know what do
you want already planning hey what's
going on you guys kid me out a camera
here for just here and today today okay
like me and today is Saturday and today
I'm pissed that Bridget for week I was
already up okay oh no you weren't
so you're vlogging because of me now if
you haven't seen it yet yesterday I
uploaded the video we're grandpa drives
into the swimming pool if you haven't
seen it check it out um uh the videos
gonna be two parts now uh because
yesterday I went over to Grandpa's house
and he packed all of his shit up and he
moved so grandpa's out of the house so
to speak grandpa's out of the house
you'll see oh so I'm in a bad mood dad
puts me in this bad mood his van is gone
I don't know if like does anybody know
anything about water getting in the
electrical of a vehicle because his van
won't even start now
I think it's he pulled out in the pool
video but I don't know good it's not
good well obviously have to replace his
vehicle no or get it fixed or whatever
the fuck ya fix does anybody know
anything about water getting in the
electrical of a car because his van
warning is it won't start at all and on
top of that dad already had the vehicle
towed I don't know where the hell it is
dad anyway just trying to I'm angry
today dad is making me angry um
let's go to freaking Target or some but
I gotta get out of this house so I want
to get a pretty city I want to get a
pumpkin instead of Oh finally replacing
the old shamera pumpkin yeah cuz that's
cuz this not been st. Patrick's Day for
how long like Mart anyway he ruined my
past couple of days but he can't ruin
today so anyway today Saturday uh we
still got shirts for sale we just put
some white ones out we just put some
bigger sizes out a lot of people are
saying that they need a 3x and 4x oh you
got them if you want to get a 3x and 4x
so if you want it and white I've got
some really cool designs coming up I
can't wait for you guys to see I've been
working on a windy thing Richard Oh God
honestly I love it I want one of the
shirts oh I do too yeah like it's
amazing I can't wait for you guys to see
it hopefully very soon you'll be able to
see this one and I got some I don't want
to ruin anything but get these shirt
while you can because when they're gone
they're gone so give yourself an angle
grab brush or wait for the next one
meanwhile let's start our Saturday no
grandpa style yeah
or pool style no I'm done I'm not
logging let's go tell you I'm done
vlogging now yes again I'm sorry guys
get over it you got it all figured out
don't you Bella you just chill out by
the door in the sunlight don't worry
about nothing else you happy as hell
ain't you girl
I guess she's not have all those cameras
in her face though
okay did you not record this please
oh I'm recording it there's nothing to
record here as me on a phone you're
calling your dad so he's not answering
so what's the point what you're giving
all right now oh yeah those are funny
cute they're so cute all right just put
that one does not like this I don't
think she cares uh-oh me the fuck back
okay you have to stop this I'm not
stopping hey call me back
I've left you like 30 messages or make
sure you're still alive so call me back
just call me back stop this well we're
in Walmart because we're making chili
which means I'm going to have diarrhea
later oh my which means we're just sleep
I'm gonna diarrhea on her face no you're
not you're not doing that I'm gonna shit
on your face I'll do to you purse huh
have you picked anything out yet I mean
I don't you occasion
I don't think chili would be good with
like spicy nacho chips or okay or
original why are you rushing my my chip
listen you've been here for like ten
minutes of nonsense you just grab one
bag of half crushed chips you do this
almost every one of them are broken then
put those up we'll find something
oh now let's listen how about how about
I know by now searching for two bags of
chips tells you twice one of the ones we
usually get in the bags um well they're
all in bags babe okay be right in front
of me these bad yeah but I like the
circles empty circles I don't think
they're circles
give me a few minutes they don't have to
sorry what about the the triangles and
do these all crush oh my god I'm not
bidding up a living my shirt all the way
up good tears circles
can you believe and we were able to get
another close shot cause we were at
Walmart today right there can you
believe it we were able to walk to
Walmart I was able to walk to one
without lose my breath so that's it
I am out of breath though here we are
unloading our groceries bridget is
nearly I do which is very happy
hey I'm not expected to come out hi dad
I gotta be honest I thought we need to
bring that in okay
target has the sting figure and it's
blurry a shed there we go come on yeah I
got a play set so I need a wrestling one
now actually but at least I got the
place out oh you're so cute what making
fun of me were so adorable back to the
camp you need help putting this together
I got it you couldn't help me even if I
need I could help
oh yeah I'm gonna make you help me if
you keep offering it I don't want to
help okay so I got my hamburger meat
going first I sauteed in a little bit of
butter onion celery green pepper and red
pepper sauteed it up then I added the
hamburger meat and I'm going to cook
this down until it's really soft and I'm
stealing an idea from shooter shooter
Jennings because in his sausage gravy
cook-off
he used one of these and the meat was
really fine and I learned that it's
actually pretty awesome so Thank You
shooter okay the hamburger meat is not
fully cooked but it is very close
however it's going to simmer for a long
time so it's going to finish up so first
I'm gonna go and add some original diced
tomatoes with green chilies I'm leaving
the juice on there dumping that right
end next a can of dark red kidney beans
leaving the juice dump it right in now I
added some pinto beans so there are
pinto beans dark red kidney beans
hamburger meat diced tomatoes packet
chili seasoning there's a lot I'm still
adding Clyde a little weight
Belem clutters wanted to get this chili
all night you can't have it it I know
it's delicious but you can't have it
sorry well that's gonna be it for today
you guys
hope you enjoyed the vlog as you can see
the flaw of the fog is slowly starting
to take over the screen and I'm going to
allow it that's gonna be it for today
you guys thanks for watching
dad's not talking to me I don't know why
I'm trying so hard to talk to him for I
don't need that's annoying enough
already
I just see I didn't even look at her
okay this fog is out of control with
quite that I don't want to come on wife
it imma let it I'm gonna let it go
so anyway you rude thoughtless anyway
yep salt give me a call dad so we can
look into your van situation so we can
get it fixed
because I'm sure it's fine what does
that mean this van is most likely fine
okay so anyway Michael you know you're
gullible the van is going no one is in
we were at the house it's not there the
van is gone he doesn't have a family
maybe he hid it don't be stupid
it runs in your family we were at the
house there was no van period you've
really parked in a parking lot or
something okay yeah why would he do that
I don't know because it's brown pond
he's a liar
dad's van something happened I don't
know if I've talked about this or not
something happened while he was doing
the pool video I don't know he says that
the van is broke down and he had it
towed sure it wasn't okay uh you're
gonna end up in the party is getting too
dark I don't know what happened uh he
says okay maybe he's not because I mean
water couldn't have done anything
because if it rains then order destroy
the van right exact cuz there wasn't
that your started uh your son he would
do that yes he wasn't what'd he get a
new car or something probably okay
probably thought of a house why not a
car if that's that kind of manipulative
bug I don't know
he is thanks for watching you guys
don't listen like/subscribe it's not
even fogging up anymore either what just
happened you turn the fan on maybe he's
lying
yeah but his band's not there that's for
sure he probably parked it anyway stay
tuned for part 2 of the video the reason
how to put it out yet is because it's
actually still being filmed because it
does something fall off of me like it's
the dandruff D'Angela anyway like
subscribe Phung on everything don't even
I put the exclusive I gave you the
pictures on Troy I dunno big television
for us
