what's going on you guys keep behind the
camera here we're just here I want to
leave I don't know if you can do
anything Jamie and the blaney Oh looky
here I thought you were packing to leave
get out
hell of a bag no trampoline
I'm sorry that I just know this is going
out to the back number fall neither can
you
why are you here
by goodbye
so so do we just in their letter brain
again do it will happen to the earth
well this area are you ever speedgames
if it's machete sucking water sir this
aerial will erode a little bit hopefully
multiple models we had shoes we buffed
it further dad's really done at this
time the city this is the most expensive
thing he's ever done
right
be careful oh shit
I don't know how we did it I don't know
how he did it
stop these men fighting for food
let's go I'm done being here dude we
can't leave Wallace pew how much you
don't give a fuck I don't know what's
gonna happen it's not my fault your dad
stupid please okay I didn't do anything
you're yelling at me for this please
stop
contain yourself realize how you're
treating me here you're treating me like
I'm on your side okay then let's go I
want to go home what if they hit
something electric
well what's electrical Jamie I think
they got power drawn through said can we
cut off the power yeah we're gonna kill
the breaker inside oh my god
we got to do that now then dude yeah
yeah it's getting really close we better
cut it all right I'll go do that thank
you
we're not making dad leave I don't care
what he does I just want to go home this
is not my problem I'm gonna go ahead
we've been by Oh walk away walk away
you're proud of yourself um no I'm not
done I always killed him too okay yeah
we had to kill the power to your shed
because water is going right to it the
charcoal oh oh poor charcoal God long
dad that's like a hundred dollars in
charcoal versus a $7000 pool hey I'm
telling idea I'm sorry you haven't yet
I'm sorry for what what are you sorry
for Bridget it doesn't matter anymore
because the ball she's come in so late
after he's done you just wanna get
kicked out that's what it is
no he doesn't have you don't have to
leave I'll be gone longer I didn't even
want you to leave that even okay I have
to leave but you're gonna live on my
rules
what move uh one I'm taking all those
power tables no you're not yes I am oh
yeah come on wood up look oh you almost
cut your thumb off you need to be cut
call it Jamie come over with yeah he'll
do it hey I like Snoop ignore those
well then dude you're either gonna let
me take your power tools you're out and
I'm out that's a minimal request he's
not taking my power bill fine meanwhile
you have a swimming pool over there
spewing water well what do we do know
that quit sucking water up you know I
knew to help you late
your ass would have gotten to that like
you were supposed to dude you if I was
back there I would have been crushed
I would've been crushed to death but it
would be a very different idea of me
being crushed on video if you've been if
Santa's not gonna hurt you
and I could've listened but no you
didn't do that no I was shouting you
want to see me fail whatever dude we all
know in the high and they are maybe I'll
bet you do you would think that he would
think exactly like yeah he would waste
so about
no you wasted seven thousand dollars of
your money yeah go on whatever is ready
treating dirty drinks in the Pepsi
machine no this is ridiculous I kick
enough that it definitely just go home I
gotta wait to see what's going on with
us why I don't care and just go dude
okay I'm leaving your gear I'm leaving
are you joking fuck about you either no
I just wanna you're annoying me so let
her go to the leader please go please no
oh my god
so
dad okay
you probably seen the video by now if
you haven't check the link dad went
crate he didn't go crazy is ran into it
then he went crazy and now this is just
ridiculous and it's not even made a dent
and look at all the water everywhere I
got to go
