what's going on you guys kid behind the
same shirt three days in a row we on a
camera and here you really need to
change my goal why turn this thing how
bad could it possibly be it's actually
really gross
so yesterday if you haven't seen the
vlog um clicked on the okay I know I
prank bridge into thinking my eyes were
messed up yesterday I was go
you scared me I thought something was
wrong
why did you something wrong Oh today is
Thursday and today is throwback Thursday
and today I'm gonna tell you guys the
story of the time I ate ants yeah
everybody wanted to hear it oh I don't
know if everybody wanted to hear but
some of you wanted to hear it I don't
want to hear it it's sad I'm telling the
story I was poor and I ate amps we just
got a couple of deliveries one being
Bridget's last birthday gift to being a
nerd blog so we got a nerd block in the
vlog today we got bridges birthday
present where I gotta go see grandpa
anyone so buy more freakin charcoal and
that's it that's my day that's a lot
though story grandpa nerd blog control I
gotta eat at some point anyway let's get
this Thursday started throwback style
it's freaking hot today dude what is
this temperature 90 90
I'm checking can't believe it and the
more you sit out here the horse think
you get is that your hand to tell me to
leave you don't want me to sit at it
with you no I am taking the hint I'm out
of here
now is take a shower though or change
your clothes or something
it's fucking 94 I can't understand how
somebody can need so much freaking
charcoal like he's got bag after bag
after freaking bag he's obsessed with
smoking and he's obsessed with charcoal
what's the two going hand-in-hand
obviously but still I feel like I should
go to his house and take his charcoal do
it that'll piss him off is that a funny
prank yes deal with charcoal cuz he
loves her so much I don't know I think
you should still try
and his weapon should I steal his
charcoal and his weapons should I steal
the char I won't steal the charcoal I
think we should just take everything
yeah take his TVs his truck another
robber print I don't know I'm just
thinking out loud
okay shirt put a sign first thing a
coaster of Kings I really don't know the
reference to this is some sort of
coaster let me know in the comments if
you know that I have no clue how you're
still in that shirt I'm not taking it
off today tomorrow maybe Oh what is this
up so oh it's a Rubik's Cube stress ball
Oh dad pisses me off give me strength
get me strength awkward family postcards
oh my god what the fuck some people were
born to shine oh my god Michael that's
my favorite thing ever
I love we're so using all the real
postcards yes oh we gotta send somebody
some weird toy school we are we are who
we gonna send this one to Kim let's say
they gave me up clear piece of paper
it's like a lunchbox or something like
all this it's ghostbusters I thought it
was ghostbusters
this right here is the box that they
suck the ghost into on ghostbusters I
thought that's what it was
and inside it is Slimer oh that's so
cool
are you trying to get this from
available you want summer Wow okay I
love it
oh shit I'm not recording dude why are
you doing this everything red lights
going no I can see it recording it's not
going I'm Michael
let's just try to redo it just I'm
really sorry
Oh son boxers will rip forget it I'm not
even doing it today Michael it I got it
I've drink you full dude Frank you gotta
stop a stuff short time say ah fucking
I'm wiping our thumb act like nothing
happened
short time you guys gotta stop I'm not
making fun to prank so god stop laughing
Michael come on
are you guys sure always that I'll just
keep the prank you win okay what short
time let's get this this is a damn thing
it's another Ghostbuster shirt who you
gonna call
not you ghostbusters
oh I don't it was Clyde or Bella but
somebody was working things to shreds
right here when we went outside if Bella
thanks for answering the question
Bridget Bella's gonna rabbit or a real
one look oh my god see God Michael
that's real okay take it
Oh God oh my god it's a standoff
who gets the rabbit Clyde gets the right
but obviously we just got one of bridges
either birthday presents I got a pink
custom ps4 controller and she can't stop
playing the witch along enough to let us
look at it but there it is it's custom
going night vision so we can get a good
look at it says princess I'm Phil that I
had a filmic controller a night vision
so right here is something grandpa
picked up for me at a yard sale
he found it for 20 bucks so now I just
got to get the others and I got to get
them framed so that is awesome though
dude
Harry Potter poster and a Hagrid figure
thank you Dad for the Harry Potter
poster it's it was it's amazing didn't
expect it it was crazy was on my porch I
just walked outside it was sitting there
and I saw you send text message go dish
that Doh to you so that's awesome thanks
dad
I really appreciate it well that's
almost it for today you guys first I
wanted to tell my throwback Thursday
story and then I got something to tell
you guys so first the throwback Thursday
story so the other day on my vlog I
asked you guys to click like if you want
to hear the time that I was eating ants
and you click like you wanted to hear it
so here's the story several years ago I
believe it was 2002 we were dirt poor
we were always dirt poor that's the
thing we never had anything we were dirt
poor barely even had food in the house
and so one day I was starving and we had
nothing to eat and me and mom really
loved those Honey Smacks cereal it was
the version I bought yesterday in the
big bag mom loved it I loved it and I
saw that in her room she had a bad so I
grabbed the bag I started to survey it
it looked fine it was filled with cereal
I took a bite of one it was crunchy I'm
eating the cereal
I'm having it so I grabbed the bag I
take it to the kitchen and I'm decided
to make me a bowl of cereal but when I
look inside the bag I start to notice
that there's ant everywhere they were
crawling on my hand when I was holding
the bag they're inside the cereal
they've nestled their way throughout the
entire bag
they're everywhere so it becomes a
question am i hungry enough to eat the
cereal that has ants in it and I was we
had no food I was starving so I take the
cereal pour it into a bowl and I can see
that there's some dead ants there's some
living ants I tried to pick out what I
could but there was just too many
especially the fact that the ants are
almost the same color as a cereal like
you don't notice but if you look closely
you see ants everywhere we didn't have
milk so I took water and I poured
creamer into it and I started around and
that was my milk and I poured it over
the cereal and you can see the ants
floating to the top so I started to go
to town on this bowl of ant covered
cereal I'm eating it I clear the bowl
but the whole time my stomach throat and
mouth are on fire as I'm eating the
cereal my stomach feels like there's
things biting me because there were
fucking hands biting me my throat is
burning it was like eating like a bunch
of pepper I can't explain it any other
way
they were pinching me everywhere I can
feel the ants inside me and I knew it
but I lean care I kept eating it and you
would think of that was enough to deter
me from eating any more of the cereal no
I take the bag with me I go to TV and
I'm watching television while eating
this ant covered cereal because I'm
starving that's the story it's quick I
realized that but I just wanted to tell
you guys about how I was so poor and so
hungry that I ate it covered cereal that
stung my throat stomach arms
I had freaking little bumps all over me
it was ridiculous over a bowl of cereal
I don't know if I could have made myself
saying so I wanted to tell the story
real quick so I can get to this I told
you guys I had something had to tell you
just now I was at Grandpa's house and if
you follow me on Twitter you will seen
the picture that I tweeted I'll let this
speak for me
be careful oh shit
I don't know how we did it I don't know
how he did it
cool dude so pools gone I don't know how
to fix it
a lot of people were telling me duct
tape duct tape is not gonna fix this
dude it's dented in of duct taping
fixing this dude this thing is really
messed up
me and grandpa got into a huge fight
after it uh so ah if you guys want to
see the video click like and I was
filming it uh if you guys want to see it
click like and I'll upload it tomorrow
I'll upload it tomorrow around seven
o'clock or something
if you guys want to see it uh the pool
is done and I don't know how to repair
it I don't know what to do we got into a
big fight things were going so good
everything was going really smoothly
between us and now this so it was rough
it was very rough uh anyway yeah the
pool is gone
so Jesus dude and he doesn't care as
usual he was laughing and he doesn't
care but the pool people were saying
like lion eye liners you know I called
the pool place and they said well with
the damage you know we'd have to get
like a whole new outer like edge to the
pool which is like two thousand dollars
because I don't know what else to do uh
I'm gonna deal with that later on well I
know one thing you're not doing my
another pool yeah you're not doing that
okay uh so anyway Michael please just
leave me alone about this right now
Bridget we had our fight too so and the
fight was bad I didn't mean to yell a
dead stop anyway I'm gonna get out of
here ah you're too nice stop okay
Bridget um so anyway he's Poulos click
like well okay Bri
I want to thanks for watching you guys
if you guys want to see it I'll upload
it tomorrow follow me on Twitter for
more details
they don't want to fall I don't want
anybody to follow you right now rejoice
stop dude
follow me on Twitter and I'll tell you
that I was real funny like subscribe you
laugh your we love that my dad
no he's in Greece up I'm kind of
