what's going on you guys kid wearing the
same shirt as yesterday behind a camera
here Brigitte West not here bridge was
still asleep
why because her face hurts because I hit
her in the face yesterday if you haven't
seen the video boom
link just below boom link is here boom
got a text today is Wednesday and today
I'm going out with anger ground park
we're gonna chill out today I'm also
gonna make some rice krispie treats I'm
gonna probably try to prank Bridgette
had an idea where I fuck with her with
my eyes makeup and messed up with me
been thinking about it we'll see my
apologies Bridgette I did not mean to
hit you in the face it was an accident
you couldn't really hear it on the
camera but when they hit her with boom
really knocked her in the face I wanted
to take a minute to thank you guys for
ordering the shirts it's crazy how many
of you guys want to wear a shirt without
a logo on it you know it's humbling so I
got more shirts planned for you guys I
got a really good idea for a prank for
sure I can't really dive into that right
now because dad does watch the vlogs but
I got that planned
we got shorts available though click the
link below anyway
hanging out with anger grandpa he's on
his way gonna make some rice krispie
treats and that's it let's get this
wednesday started rice krispie treats
style or hanging out with anger
grandpa's style can I ask you a question
what why have we been buying so much
freaking charcoal because Lowe's has
little sale we didn't just go to those
you went the freakin Kangaroo Express
you went to Lowe's you're out what cuz
most sold out I need more chocolate okay
for what you need you have like oil
cookout I want spokes more meat you have
a lot of bags back there you got enough
to smoke to me
I got 26 bags of charcoal you your
addiction is getting crazy all warf
smokes me when I get home
shit dude let me find somebody to call
you want to smoke my Jennifer get out I
like smoking on me and if you been antsy
now so how do you smoke your o mean are
you Marilyn Manson how's that working
out I thought you put in sure so some
people who get them I do they already
are up like ain't ya a hug am I get you
because you don't how to use a computer
I will have a computer dude Boop dick
does you're wearing one
you know I long I been wearing that one
shirt is that the official one I feel
push away okay very nice yes you can get
the shirt we got one more stop make it
sweeter off on the way home come on
enough charcoal already dude I will talk
about Kumar dude I don't wanna we left
it freakin one o'clock it's like six oh
my god
well you're doing to Robbie with your
daddy shut up well I was well I thought
we're gonna get food or something I'm
sorry I gotta buy unity I left my card
at the house oh yeah hey I thought you
go Bobby dinner I let you buy me dinner
uh no you buy me dinner I don't have a
card goodbye you're out oh my god what
do you want Chinese honey sounds good to
me
oh it's a long unload yeah because you
were one hung short shut up I'm tired
yeah I bet you freakin carrying bags of
charcoal for hours
you gotta help me unload them oh forget
it no we'll see tomorrow please I'm
hungry
do not unload them without me tomorrow I
will come over to help you unload since
I'm saying is that's the what I'm
talking about keep doing stuff like that
how long ago did one word paper cut oh
yeah that was really a paper cut I'm
talking about
Norco I'll unload it they're happy
they're not hit it the only hair you
want to be
what there's hell work just like
everybody a god okay well can we go no
brother oh yeah murder that like dude
okay deathly we made it barely Oh God
there we go
you fuck him you tried to kill us I
don't try to kill nobody
you prove that
okay just coming outside my recording
yeah so today I went out to Grandpa's
house and what are you doing what what
your eyes huh
what are you doing every time mom hold
on my ah can headache so alright let's
just do the whole thing so Michael
what's the fuck
hold on Bridget okay you guys thanks for
watching my god what there's the fucking
recording what are you talking about our
fucking eyes what's wrong with it okay
so thanks for watching you guys stop
Bridget you're making me mad hop it are
you joking about what is wrong with your
eyes I bet to take you the fucking
Hospital what are you talking about here
hold on how's that okay that's good
thanks for watching you guys that's
gonna be it for today you could Michael
what stop what are you doing buried
could you fill me please dude so that's
gonna be a pretty go so thank you the
fucking Hospital Bob so thanks for
watching for today you guys um okay
what's wrong I'm Kate Michael fine well
I told you in yesterday's vlog I was
gonna make some rice krispies so that's
what I'm doing so first you little bit
of butter you put it in this pot here
well not this exact point you have a pot
at home you can do your own pot and
we're going to melt this butter down
next we're going to add these
marshmallows into the pot if dad was
here he would have an orgasm because he
loves freaking marshmallows so much as
we've seen in countless Thanksgiving
videos right now we are still in the
process of stirring it we're going to
stir this until it turns into a liquid
and I mean it's gonna be freaking like
lava if you touch it with your hands
it's gonna freakin kill
oh man I did it right usually any time
that I open rice krispie treats or the
rice krispies cereal
I end up ripping the bag all the way
down the side it never opens like this
for me so here's what we are now with it
you do not want to stop stirring because
it will burn you can't ever stop
stirring it's about turning to pure
liquid and it's about to be done but
never stop because if you do it burns
really fast okay as I was talking it's
time to add the cereal a little bits at
a time you add the rice krispies cereal
to the mixer you don't want to add it
all but you do it a little bit at a time
let it absorb and then you add more okay
now we've got all that we're gonna pour
it into this pot and I'm doing this
one-handed let me let me figure this out
okay now we just got it in this big pan
and we just spread it out and let it
cool down so there you go if you want to
fill up this whole pan which I kind of
admittedly thought it was going to use
more cereal more marshmallows but this
is what I got so I come out here to do
my outro and I see that Bridget has run
this extremely long iphone wire to her
iPad that's just chilling right here
that look at that look how long the wire
is let's take a freaking electrical cord
well that's gonna be it for today you
guys another day down and this camera's
getting foggy I can already see it
pranked Bridget and thinking that my
eyes were fucked up so anyway uh thank
you guys prank anyway thanks for
watching you guys hope you had a good
day I had a pretty good day really
enjoyed prank number that was the
highlight of it she's in she's in the
other room now she's pissed off she
don't know when we talk to me right now
I don't care like subscribe favorite and
this getting fogged up let's just sit
here and see if it gets fucked up I
can't tell but I can just look at it
thanks for watching
