what's going on you guys keep you out of
camera here for just here right there
and today is Tuesday I got it boy
I got it without no help I got it yeah
within today Tuesday September the 1st
yeah oh I'm my own self-sustaining man
now yeah I got it yeah today is Tuesday
September 1st and today your selfie
stick just kidding
oh go win this round today
Bella's drinking water while I'm
vlogging doesn't she know not to
interrupt me I'm just I'm just kidding
baby you drink and today shirts are
officially on sale and we've already had
to reorder more shirts because we've
already sold out we only had a limited
amount those are already gone so we got
some more for you guys one of the shirts
today boom I've already got some more
shirts plants we can have some more for
you later in the year I'm looking
forward to it I hope you guys enjoy the
new shirts hope you guys enjoy the old
shirt it's my favorite shirt that we put
out I love that shirt it's got the logo
on the back logo on the front I love it
if you guys want it link is below check
it out
if you haven't seen the video yesterday
the link is boom or boom this is odd
when I'm using this camera so I don't
really know where yeah go ahead you know
run feel view today if you didn't see
yesterday's vlog I slide down the stairs
and the reason I keep sliding down
stairs because I wear size Michael it's
just you're so clumsy so it hurts dude I
went down every step that time and
landed on my ass at the bottom um it
hurts
oh my god anyway people have been
sending me names I like this one
orphis it all makes me laugh it's very
funny I hope you guys do more if you do
more tweet it to me I want to check it
out Jimmy though cuz I favorite and re
to you I respond to everybody on yeah
you know I respond to they don't want
your response Oh
anyway let's get this Tuesday started
looking for the selfie stick style cuz
Bridget threw it away
hello September oh hey wake me up when
September and now no no I like September
I want to be awake during it
wait me know so I am starting to look
around my garage okay
dogs are freaking out about something
Bridget did you throw the selfie stick
away or not I'm thinking you threw it
away
Oh some people can see some of some of
the Franks that I bother planned or
still have planned like these bones oh
yeah I plan on using these one day what
happens up here huh the selfie stick yes
Bridget look oh you aren't being serious
Michael I can't fucking see okay what is
how big do you think it is that's a tiny
little piece of board it's a long selfie
stick probably not long right now even
when you pull it all the way in it's
longer than this thing no it isn't Oh
Mike you had to have been joking there's
no way you thought it was there I was
seriously looking for your damn stick
that's right here oh wait whoa this baby
this is ah let's pop off what you got
anything in there yes Lee
Oh turkey lay wings
yeah whoa I didn't how did I notice this
you got a bunch of wood
yeah cut all that out and what I told
you I doing all this stuff you're gonna
hurt yourself
oh shit
you're right come on man let's get you
some medical attention
so you made like Thanksgiving dinner bro
so we got dressing turkey gravy uh beans
and rice will you class in it up as I'll
burn the shit out of me I know laughs
mmm so here's the plate got turkey
dressing rice beans gravy just like
eating Thanksgiving dinner all that's
missing is the sweet taters Cooper God -
have you goddamn sweet tater maybe wait
what news who did it that's it guys I
have got to have you got him souffle
with sweet tater yep well this is good
meal pop nice job how's your hands feel
good oh I forgot yeah how's that doing I
already burned your hand done if I heat
it up so one of the questions that I get
the most from people I get it every day
on Twitter get it every day why you eat
so much they know the answer to that
because I'm a fat ass the question I get
the most more than why do I eat so much
is when we bring them back Monday
mailbag I've been asking Sansa
we've been cut okay now she'll make me
look at a bad guy I've been asking for a
while sometimes this month or the next
month we're bringing it all back so if
you want to send any letters
the address is stamped over grandpa
don't forget my birthday got it out yes
you're cured of 6-5 and that's Bonnie
yeah it's a milestone Franco grandpa
never thought I ever let's do six five
why do you you you are so pessimistic
Hey look at that Volkswagen Brigitte hmm
Volkswagen Princess edition oh my god
that's so cool
will you miss Bridget life cannot be any
better with miss we got a front space at
Walmart hello that does not happen to
you oh the gods are smiling upon us on
this day yes they are
have I ever told the story on the vlog
about when we had a bag of this that was
filled with ants I don't think you did I
don't know if I didn't either if I
haven't told it let me know in the
comments yes or no and if you want to
hear it click the like button and I'll
tell you guys about when I ate a bad
golden puff cereal filled with ants
it's heartbreaking actually it was funny
it was heartbreaking Vinny's funny now
hey Bridget what if I make rice krispie
treats in tomorrow's vlog yeah oh wow
rice krispie treats you guys excited me
me oh that's convinced it√≠d oh you know
it sup man you mind if I film yeah I
just saw a recording real quick your
noon yeah right now boss every small you
guys twins triplets oh I bet that goes
he's at work that freaked me out I meant
your uh finger grip oh you did so I was
so jealous I was I was a fatty oh wow
well may the nice to meet you man well
then freak me out first time there we go
we got this - hey good thing is honestly
ah dude it was awesome right
except you mother take under Khattab but
I'm a little fan so that's why he
defected they hit jumps toward blue
again the day mr. Dussel image how about
the night after though that was that was
ours so she should it's coming yeah yeah
little sure
I seen this before it was his old one
those are you carrying a football what
are you carrying a football overs the
buns yes what I just spiked it oh god
I've gone to enough trouble I'm not
doing it I'm looking for the good buns
but these are the the backup buttons
okay
shit why would you do that
OCD we have to get them out no matter
what yeah I know what if they're gross
you just wasted money cuz your aunt Edie
okay actually I think it was the feed
ducks Fred I don't think so either
well that's gonna be it for today you
guys chilled with Grandpa went to
Walmart chilled with Bridget told you
guys about the shirts lost my selfie
stick I'm pissed off at Bridget because
she threw my selfie stick away not do
anything to your damn stick my stick if
you guys have any ideas or tips where
you think the selfie stick is and don't
say my ass or ass it is not a hold on oh
shit
let's pause it okay so I had a joke plan
was get fucked me okay so I was gonna
pretend like I pulled this hoe at my ass
and instead can I see your face I was
blurry
I knocked Bridget in the face with it
and I messed her up my apologies I just
Bridget in the face where's boyfriend no
I'm sorry okay we'll let's redo the skit
now if you guys have any tips where I
should look for the selfie stick let me
know yep your ass you messed it up I'm
supposed to say not up my ass oh so you
guys have any tips where I should look
for the selfie stick let me know in the
comments and don't say up my ass is up
your ass first let me check
Bridget I'm sorry for bashing the face
with a hoe i haha my hair it you can't
talk for almost on III what's happened
oh
