so what a job need for Christmas last
night cut the nastiest macaroni and
cheese good what what Jamie's mac and
cheese follow up guys
yesterday we were talking about Jamie's
mac and cheese and she was like it's the
best mac and cheese if everyone this dip
and you're gonna love it oh my god going
to ram through it even loving you were
doing this and I was like okay he's
making for New Year's yeah it was always
the last night oh no playful
so jail flavor so Jamie don't even hated
it oh my gosh well Bridget you're making
Thanksgiving mac and cheese down yeah
definitely carcass yeah it does carcass
her maxi hurts ham well they must
connect apartment oh my god did that
just happen seriously what do you do me
you dream something to drink seriously
Oh
drink
those are worthless well W save my
sister's Hawaii thank you yeah thanks
dude what just happened
did you are you choking we're talking
about who's fine Jimmy should we do this
again she doesn't choke or should we
keep this evening the vlog don't say
well I think yeah well should we just
keep it here good brah these blog that
would have been the last thing 28th 2017
took promise I've had it yeah oh my god
what's going on you guys get me out of
camera here right there in today is once
in today is that okay what just happened
to Jennifer it's like what's he talking
and then my dad's save her
like seriously guys right now is that
urgent-care like she left the house and
she went to the doctor's to get looked
at because she like choked or whatever
happened I don't know Jennifer like was
that a joke was it real I think it was
real
and my dad took her and they might be in
love guys maybe they're checking into a
hotel maybe a care she needs no you're
not done ill i don'ti hear that guys
today is Wednesday and today Jennifer I
don't know either she almost died she's
lying what she does a lot or her
daughter in a hotel pure assumption
purely like look figuratively speaking
maybe they're kissing now look it
doesn't matter today is Wednesday and
today I'm shaving your hair it's gotta
be done and your beard no you're not
yeah yeah I want the beer I'm shaving
the beard I told you I don't like it
that's it why cuz it tickles oh oh here
we go folks
I am so it's like wait I'll be brush
your hair first I'm gonna brush my why
oh no you're trying to Bears main I want
to wear my glasses do you want hair all
over your glasses mom why are you doing
this I wanted to present what it's awful
dude
oh yeah I get it we're cutting it come
on just get one oh hold on one second
what before we do anything else
seriously no beer sorry babe I do not
want the beard this is what I go through
I just want a haircut I mean would you
imagine of a barber did this lame out a
barber $15.99 please I'm gonna do a
hairdo first what does that mean we'll
be back for a hairdo number one Michaels
finding out right now that I'm done with
this haircut what I'm done with your
hair yes you're not good guys check this
out you're not done what great Bridget
this is not like my new look okay I'm 30
I'm 30 years old okay I'm not going to
look like this you look great please
Michael all right I'll give it I'll give
you this I should shave your beard bro I
don't like this I want to come I don't
know you look good please break like
this you're crazy
no I'll get a shard of glass and cut it
myself
all right do a circle so everyone could
see it what I just think it'd look good
give me can we stop me you look great
can we
let's get this over with hello / no what
is it kind of was it was no yeah kind of
was you're at the right out of my scalp
face you with your bare hands
Oh does anybody else hear it don't go
ahead little one your cards we going
it's on purpose I'm telling you I swear
to god it it don't like my hairstyle
just thought it was very proud of that
so you smooth like that
haircut comes up now looking through
this lens it's hard for me to like like
make sure I'm doing a good job
oh he's just what the camera down it is
you work or not
hey he's good okay
take the camera she's digging into my
scalp and she's trying to be funny
no I swear here comes over no it's not
Oh give it to me
no no I'm finishing this with all that
what there's a big patch Bridgette wait
they'll see it here I can see it I'm
looking at it oh okay yeah no here this
is come on oh my god let me finish
cuz I'm just trying to leave patches of
my hair and I you're screaming my scalp
not shave it like I'm done alright Jesus
okay okay what is going going on is this
dad chill please love you stop yeah what
is it what is this thing dying what's
going on
it's like broke Hey this is brand-new
yeah we just bought it the store
Amelia try to get your beard where it
totally does
to do this by myself Michael why do you
have inflamed rashes all over your face
at home what yeah oh why do i I don't
know is that this really wrong though
yeah on the side what's going on I don't
know here's the thing take a shower and
drink some water not at the same time
Michael one thing at a time okay rash
walking
they're everywhere fix me I feel so bad
for you babe happens every time
who's our a reason
this shit is for really dry skin so it
should be cleared up by tomorrow there's
not then you gotta do it again do it the
top of my scalp folks my hair is done my
beards gone now it's time to eat here my
class hydrating lotion for your hands I
said the next scene let's getting dinner
not putting lotion on my hands now I
appreciate all you've done okay but
we're done right let's walk outside for
what are we done
yes we're done you take the push the
stuff in Michael it's hydrating it's
gonna feel like that Fran look at this
look tell it goes away
rub it anymore I'm sorry
fire what'd you do your hands cuffed
hands caught on fire the video will go
fires it's time for a little bit of
dinner you guys I shaved my head
now we're getting tall Oh what my whole
face and head is freezing yeah it's very
cold out here
before I was like a bear and I could
rely on my face and hair so I could stay
warm in the winter time and now it's not
give me a hat please oh all right his
bar
go though what I don't know your hats
are we have to go just got to talk about
a pickup a massive order and bridges I
had to point something out what let me
zoom in first before I say anything
thank you can't you see it at night okay
you're starting to scare me
no look at the truck deer arrows you see
the deer antlers oh my god antlers it's
like if Shannon had a son Eamon
it's shaming shaming I can't see you at
all but I'm here let's do this come on
there we go hi the bright lights of the
car
Shaymin there we go it is Shannon's
truck with deer antlers right there
folks
so you're Shane and I'm Shannon I don't
like the name Shannon you're just odd
how you won't pull forward Shannon's
already half gone
oh god we're writing a Taco Bell no well
the name of this vlog is now wrecking at
Taco Bell how many drinks did you order
one how many drinks did you order how
many do you think four yes to my amount
isn't to slushies Michael they better
give me a drink holder they will if not
I'm sure I'm gonna park the car get out
screaming at the building why are they
not giving you cup holder I hate any
overdue drinks don't know what it is
about me and drinks and ate them I like
donuts like I feel my face is ridiculous
folks overdoing it on drinks she says
myself oh we're doing a drink she says I
got one drink and one slushy apiece
that's not overdoing it that's an
adequate amount of beverage
yeah but they're filled well they're
gonna give us a better huh are you
really gonna scream with me down they
would scream at the building if they
dope I need some help Shane and what can
I do
there you go bread you got a cup holder
you happy yes but dude that they
actually forgot my mild sauce dude I'm
gonna turn around park my car and scream
at the building hey Bridget what Michael
you don't got one oh I'm gonna point out
something to Britta you guys this is
really no Sarah could we just go hey
you're gonna laugh dude we just got home
with our Taco Bell right yeah
and I decided to put your straw that
they gave us into your cup Wendy's oh my
god you know Wendy straws at Taco Bell
yeah there is a Wendy's directly next to
talk about which I'm guessing the owners
or something like reach down like a guy
straws we're out oh honey yeah wyndi
straws at Taco Bell
that's hilarious I've never seen that
before
well that's gonna be up for today you
guys thanks for watching had an awful
day why was your day so awful because
all that look at this thing you look
like a baby names Maine baby let me tell
you some of you guys you don't realize
how cold it is outside until you go out
there with this okay I walked outside
and I felt like I was freezing to death
I need this rash is fixed okay that's it
like subscribe favorite pulling
everything but you asked and that's it I
love you guys so much why do I look like
such a baby
I don't know yeah you look more baby
than ever
we do what's going on
you
