let's go specialist here and it's one
o'clock and Michael's still asleep
he needs to wake up Michael Michael
your dad he's trying to break the TV
downstairs
what is up you trying to break the TV
your dad I'm sorry
hey you guys yeah no I just want you to
wake up what you're asleep I was bored
what's wrong with you why where do you
go no you're sure that wants to go to
bed - no she doesn't she's up and ready
we go to sleep two three hey dude here
no I do like a sweet yellow lemon hands
they're so cute no you're not no you
can't do that yeah
all right let's play um what's going on
you guys should be on a camera here for
just here and today is help me out here
Monday Sunday wrestling you'll probably
notice that just now the color change
dramatically and if you're wondering why
it's because I'm testing out the modes
of the camera that was just pop color
which makes the colors pop and this is
cinema tone it says this makes it look
like it was recorded with a toy camera
and this one I like no I don't like that
one
damn Michael you like Finn Balor all of
a sudden seriously what are we the point
of ever using this okay guys we need to
have the cameras really bright in our
faces red and everything dark what is
the point it actually looks like I can
change him while I'm recording so here
we go you ready hello everybody hello
everybody hello so anyway it's Monday I
got a horror block today and that's it
we're gonna open a whore block in the
vlogs gonna be over I gotta tell you
something though what rodgers tweeted
that they're cancelled oh please we're
watching wrestling tonight to appoint
some food yes I see that but this this
actually looks pretty good it is good
damn it I could well that's not always
the case when it comes to you cook it it
is not a smoker you want to take this
Bridget that's full of flavor and juice
right here boy Wow
people who didn't watch the vlog
yesterday when I said grandpa was
addicted to smoking meat some people
thought that you're actually smoking
meat I know you do that oh my god he has
a smoker and he's addicted to smoking
bootephant I don't know if you're old
enough
I was like you can't be serious with
this they had to be joking
hmm and that good there's only really
one Wow
little salt little butter salt a little
butter
well hard I got ready to get high yeah
okay that's dangerous grandpa you can't
smoke me I'm sorry I took me a minute
like are you're not supposed to smoke
meat why do they sell a little ribs I've
watched Saturday and cooking for you
he's a perfect
Gil you get some of this some barbecue
sauce oh yeah I forgot it okay but what
is going on with these balloons right
now yeah did you know Felix did that
Felix did this fit that thank you feel
it I feel sort of partially to blame for
cutting the strings with those scissors
Michael you want to say animal Popham
good luck you can't even reach them now
please working my face oh okay okay
Oh Michael let me please keep it no come
on please
Virgil it's so funny it was funny so I
watched it was funny
I'm tired of sliding down stairs walk on
camera okay okay it's time for I was
talking to you when I open this shit now
I can't do that it's not for horrible
odd it's time for you to put that little
thing in the video the first thing we're
gonna open there's a blu-ray in here
first of all this is sick first thing we
get is a Friday the 13th plush toy
oh I love that my cool I love little
notebooks I know right
this is notebook of the dead it says
which really just has like a scary
picture on the pretty much all right
okay
rise of the zombies on blu-ray well
that's pretty cool free movie pretty
movie okay oh that's pretty cool
it is signed by the two little girls
from The Shining and it comes with a
certificate of authenticity oh my god
that is so cool I'm gonna play with us
that's very cool
that's very cool I like that another
copy of Rue Morgue magazine my favorite
I love these remarks me too muscle Oh
the Rocky Horror Picture Show in just
seven days hi
I can make you okay it's not for the
shirt oh it's beetlejuice I love shirts
Nick this is a good one
I was almost like breaking bad meets
beetlejuice say my name wow that's
really cool Beetlejuice Beetlejuice
Beetlejuice beetlejuice this is a good
block today we got awesome Beetlejuice
shirt
we got rise of the zombies we go rhubarb
magazine we've got this Friday the 13th
plush toy we got the note book of the
Dead and we got the signatures what a
great horror block take seriously
seriously it's awesome have you lost
weight what have you lost weight yes
you seriously look smaller to me I have
lost about 87 pounds then I woke up slid
down the stairs and realize I lost
nothing
no you look smaller you it looks like
you lost like 10 pounds well the scale
is a piece of crap it doesn't tell me
well that's gonna be it for today you
guys smoked meat with Grandpa
I don't know how to smoke this they were
obviously dokey no they were serious no
they were trolling I I'm pretty sure
they were serious nobody would ever
think that grandpa legette smokes meats
he must he grandma grandpa likes hash
anyway that's gonna be it for today you
guys open the horror blog smoked meat
with a new ground see that chicken was
the prank is in the video I'll keep it
Bridget I've decided now you should you
got me good is she told me out of my
face she told me this you saw it I
wasn't gonna talking about that wasn't
gonna include it in the video so you've
lost my trust oh yeah Gino's my trust I
don't trust you at all actually
that was good one of the number one
questions that I get from all you guys
is when will we have angry grandpa
shirts and today I have an answer the
shirts go up for pre-order tomorrow
surprise the link is below check out a
shirts we removed the word ass from the
shirt because I got a lot of people
saying that babe they didn't they
couldn't wear it in public I found
myself not wearing it in public so now
it's just a logo - oh you can all kiss
my fat ass my Twitter's there - it's
there in every video but it's really
there - that it's there so reorder an
angry grandpa shirt we're at the school
tell your teachers to go fuck don't do
that do nothing to your teachers just
wear it to school but stay in school
listen to your teachers but wear an
angry grandpa shirt while you're there
it's been a few years since we had anger
grandpa shorts available and you know I
know you guys want them so here you go
angry grandpa shirts we wear them in the
videos and you guys can't get them well
now you can you're wearing one right now
eat sleep angry grandpa repeat eat sleep
pickle boy I don't know what I'm doing
anyway that's gonna be it for today you
guys
anger grandpa shirts going on sale soon
pre-order starts tomorrow thanks for
watching you guys I
subscribe yeah it's just me you're just
mad because I forget oh yeah you got me
real good
subscribe hey wait wait I got this
oh I just love you
