what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here angry grandpa here and today
is Sunday and today is Sunday dinner
with angry grandpa he smoked a whole lot
of stuff
shit bad man you smoke too much today I
am using the new 4k camera I'm not sure
if it's going to be rendered in 4k or
not I guess you'll know by the time you
watch this either way this is the new 4k
camera I'm using it for grandpa
let me got let me know you got wait I
cannot talk let me know what you guys
think of the camera on Twitter anyway
let's get this Sunday started grandpa's
addicted to smoking style let's get it
straight smoothy ask her grill yes hello
oh yeah yeah I'm good I'm an evil the
kitchen was home tonight what is this
this is that rib but that I cooked oh my
god you know don't give me any of this I
want you to mix it with the potatoes and
onions but taste it
mmm yeah save it I start at 3 o'clock
yesterday morning and it was finally
ready about 4 o'clock if the afternoons
let me go really good sandwich uh-huh
well I'm into smoking meat now man yeah
that I saw that you've been smoking a
lot lately of course you've been smoking
she was 13 but hey yeah check it out now
you told me you had a surprise for me
over the phone
you smoked something Mo's on what is
this macaroni cheese smoked you smoked a
macaroni yep how about that anger
grandpa's addicted to smoking
I've even cut down my actual spoken now
like cigarettes yeah you slowed down
yeah well very good be cut down smoking
cigarettes and sort of smoking meat hey
hey now iced mochas and follows off a
goddamn hawk whoo what'd I say
I don't know someone smoking balls up a
hog oh well he was smoking balls hog I
was just a joke between Boss Hogg and
fuck oh yeah make some French garden
peas fresh so you got those from the
farmers market yeah tell them and these
will be mashed potatoes yep
oh yeah boys and what is this all right
he smoked corn bread to put all this
how's all this possible I was learning
man well bothering to food man out
goddamn dudes up Oh like protein Oh get
lost and I mean man so we're at
grandpa's house right now
and we're eating outside this is
enjoyable so having a little bit of
Sunday dinner outside of grandpa's house
in the rain in the rain I'm eating in
the rain and the cameras trying to focus
on the ground behind me so let me try to
focus on me instead it is so peaceful
out here isn't it Bridgette oh yeah like
it's just raining and
Wow I really enjoyed it we're gonna
believe in grandpas in a few minutes to
go home
hope you're enjoying the 4k video today
hopefully I don't know if you guys will
like it or not
love it either way I like the camera so
if I don't do the 4k option for it at
least we got a new camera so we'll see
check out you son oh nice wow this night
I see three dollars two dollars
Wow people love this room
it's an awesome room in hey five bucks
with you I think about one o'clock
she was asking 30 and in the chorus
phone so cool very nice oh what's we
really sad is next week we have to move
in here we have told him yet then why
I've got to take this room for me
Bridget are moving we got evicted
oh you bet we're gonna do it we did I
got a patio why do you often put a bit
come on please let's stay here this is
our new bedroom
oh yeah I boot all the stuff you
wouldn't would know we're just joking
hey I got some that is is you moving
anything oh god I would ride down a road
you're doing for yourself right yeah and
I found Shiro somebody that cut up an
oak tree and left it lame well now the
oak tree is in my backyard could I pick
a pizza for home are you serious in
sorrow being a guy named pudding oh man
I was all filming that yeah they let
some Tyra grandpa took it
I'll do a cut in for themselves love it
isn't this my backyard man
why'd you take it going in wood okay and
he's a thief
can you go to guilt Shiva wood well we
are leaving good you get so happy we
leave me how do you do I'm happy when
you come by blessing how about I'm never
happy to be here yeah and why you very
really Erica that's not true I'm here oh
yeah yeah a sunny comfy your fat ass
babe I was here yes two days ago
yeah yay I brought you food oh the meat
whopper oh you good with that
yeah yeah going well I like the way your
house and coming together there's also
the best picture in your house oh I
totally didn't do the face I totally
need to move it is it close yeah good
are you dying
am I done now how much all of us without
a little longer
what did she wear TVs feel yard sale
yeah there's no peace idea wanted to run
by you real quick what what do you think
sometime the next few months we go up to
a Colombian we can do a go go to an
auction and do a yard sale day or a flea
market day and as yourself only want me
yeah Mazel Tov yeah yeah like a
throwback kind of thing we've always
talked lot of stuff at yard sales you've
already got us covered on that yeah I
got a code I got a stuff you are
addicted to yard sales I'm not here
Saturday I you know I've not seen you
smoke one singers is up in here but shit
I need a girl anyone addicted to smoking
are you clean what a quitting
I don't quit nothing he didn't quit but
he slowed down he slowed down smoking
cigarettes and gotten really happy to
smoking me I love smoking me I bet she
did why a get that at your mind it there
are a couple of things in my shot right
now that I want to grab Bridget which
one is it gonna be it wasn't gonna be
that Claud you want to reach sick in the
head by Judd Apatow there you go you
guys go you have it all right think
about them she rose trying to get it God
Hey look everybody's Bella and I think
4k I'm not sure she won't sit still for
me the hook
catch like you were not filming me 4k 2k
I don't care what it is you don't film
me oh oh well that's gonna be a free day
you guys thanks for watching
had a good day with angry grandpa let me
know on Twitter with you guys think
about the camera I've been doing a lot
of Twitter following lately I've been
following a lot of people who tweet me
that they click the little bell on the
YouTube app and a lot of people the DM
is going crazy if I haven't replied to
you yet my apologies there's just so
many
I've been trying it's a lot of people go
but click on the little Bell subscribe
to our updates show me that you do it
and I might follow you I'm following as
many as I can for the time being during
yesterday's vlog I used this camera and
a sort of simulcast where I was using my
camera to record me filming on this
camera to fill in this camera if you
haven't seen it check out the vlog from
yesterday the link is below here goes I
told you guys I would use it in today's
vlog this is the scene the same moment
filmed with this camera okay I got dual
cameras going mommy we got this camera
filming this camera in this camera
filming this camera now then and
tomorrow's vlog I'll reuse this scene as
I'm saying right now on tomorrow's vlog
as you're watching and on today's vlog
so this camera actually has night vision
I just turned it on so let's turn off
the light completely first okay
pitch-black completely however this
camera he's picking it all up so that's
going to be really cool to actually be
filming and night vision oh it's my
toilet my vision this is what this will
retake poops so anyway that's gonna be f
relay you guys that dog is going crazy
it's went away that's gonna be it for
you guys I hope you like the camera like
I said let me know on Twitter if you did
and that's it like subscribe musk you
Vince aloud favor read and follow
everything you didn't do the bridge of
West hey wait I got already cover new
camera I have to come on for just
