what's going on you guys kick me on a
camera here bridge West out there and
today is Saturday and today I'm jumping
right into the vlog you see for the past
couple of days people have been asking
me to show my bedroom because you saw on
the video where I pranked bridge into
thinking warehouse was getting broken
into that we're still sleeping on the
floor yes unfortunately we have yet to
get our bed fix and people have been
asking to see it so that's how I'm
starting off the vlog today showing the
bedroom so after the chainsaw video when
I broke the bed we've just been sleeping
right here and for all you naysayers yes
this is still very much broken Jesus
this is my spot under the bed got the
freaking iPad plugged up got some lemon
heads on the side of the bed headphones
jeez this is our bed right down and you
know I actually kind of like it anyway
let's get our Saturday started Bridget
and I are taking her mom or her mom's
coming with us whatever to Best Buy
we're gonna go to the mall I'm gonna go
to the book store we're gonna have a
full day and they maybe get something to
eat okay Bridget well you're here at the
Best Buy looking at cameras ready look
how this space is my mom mess I know
sandy you're not allowed to speak
because you missed all these goods look
at this one that's opening up you just
miss look at it Bridget she missed the
French maid what were you seeing it very
French space she missed it I can't I
can't even I need to bring watches back
Oh
that's a funny that's pretty crazy so in
the future that is pretty cool
Oh Seth health protists actually sparked
some of their health or somebody I
really like that I became with this
holding okay it's so nice and I like
holding that one more than that so well
obviously
of course I do this is how what our
vlogs looking for k probably really cool
we got it
4k camera at least try it out and see
what it's like you like it or not we're
always buying cameras we always want to
know what's out there
yeah but I'm really excited to use this
I think more than you honestly good bye
hate hate hate hate this camera shake
it's got the same fuckin lens so maybe
it'll be really good mom open your trunk
please
mom we clean our bathrooms I'm just
kidding okay this makes your Armand
Hammer
we have been in what is this place ball
finds a no ball oh you tell I don't read
so we were looking for the Judd Apatow
blood get sick in the head
and we stumbled across it at the living
your best life relationship section as
no business being weird about marriage
this is something from whoever that is
about dogs I think
this I think it was accident only place
Tara
probably by the way today pickleboy a
second head you are sick in the head
though you're sick in the head passing
that section diets a nutritionally who
know things no make will flee and what's
all favor in the kitchen no you don't
it's my drunk kitchen a guy to eating
drinking and going with your gut I think
I've gone with my gut long enough
handout to thank you
my gut is telling me to probably buy
your book actually Oh what is that okay
so we're getting the Hannah Hart book so
I can know how to finally start going
with my gut and why did you pan down at
the gun you were tapping your stomach
how are you - bonus all the guns Hannah
Hart who else made one merienda sings I
saw light over there let's go get it
okay
Hey yes right Olive Garden's you see -
possession one words yeah so full so so
we're here at Olive Garden that's the
only update why is it korcula you film
on the wall no I don't I don't feel to
think I'm filming them you're getting
closer over every time well I just got
home and I wanted to show you guys the
book because while Brigitte was
recording earlier it was totally boring
I was sitting there looking at the
footage I was editing the vlog and I
noticed that most of the time I was in
the bookstore bridges just points and
shoots downer you pay no attention
I'm blurry Thank You Bridget but anyway
pick up what's sick in the head maybe a
little bit possibly I'll let you know I
can read the bug oh snap leftovers what
is all this yes go to Olive Garden to
bring over a whole bag full leftovers
you know it is so bizarre that this
still does this it only started after we
did the Charlie Charlie challenge now
it's always doing it what the hell is it
oh no that's a yes or no I'm gonna give
you a belly rub anyway you two okay
hello Clyde is trying to knock the
Kimber out of my hand so I can't mess
with Bella so in the off chance that we
use the new camera and tomorrow's video
I wanted to get a scene at the same time
so here it is let's get both cameras
going at once hello boy that's a big old
camera okay I got dual cameras going on
me we've got this camera filming this
camera and this camera filming this
camera now then in tomorrow's vlog I'll
reuse this scene as I'm
right now on tomorrow's vlog as you're
watching the end of today's vlog so this
camera actually has night vision I just
turned it on so let's turn off the light
completely first okay pitch-black
completely however this camera he's
picking it all up so that's gonna be
really cool to actually be filming and
night vision well there's my toilet
night vision well anyway that's gonna be
a friend a you guys thanks for watching
went to Best Buy went to the bookstore
with Olive Garden came home ate some
Olive Garden ate more Olive Garden full
day I'm sick in the head I guess I read
in that book pretty soon click like if
you guys want me to try to use in that
new camera for tomorrow's vlog and I'll
use it I'm going over to Grandma's house
for Sunday dinner
so click like and I will use the new
camera for that I don't know if I'm
gonna be able to save it in 4k because I
was doing a practice video just now and
a 10 second clip in 4k was like 7 gigs
so a vlog would be like freaking 100
gigs and it would just take three days
to upload so I don't know if I can save
it in 4k if you guys know any better
ways to save it in 4k let me know on
Twitter and I will check it out and I
was looking to save it in 4k but anyway
I'm gonna get out of here
thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe favorite and that's it and
bridges not here
