what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here just here hating this camera
made me drop this camera some okay
Bridget has lost the selfie stick no
let's get that out of the way check for
it
no just ass so I'm pretty sure that
Bridget while I was in New York said
fuck the selfie stick because she hates
this camera and she got rid of it now
Guess's she chucked in the neighbor's
yard no but no I would never do that
that's where is my selfie stick no but
you're always on who loses shit so I had
my selfie stick before I went to New
York and I got back and it's going so my
selfie sticks going wow you were looking
for it before New York even he blamed me
nice try so Bridget lost my self weight
lost is a pretty broad term she threw
away my selfies nice try what just tell
me where it I so I can go get it Michael
you are freaking looking for before you
left
are you sure it's up my ass I'm sure
it's up your ass so anyway I don't have
a selfie stick nothing happens
nothing nothing yeah hey so if you
haven't seen the video uploaded
yesterday click the link this right here
where there yeah or there it's also
there so check it out if you haven't
seen it here's a preview
Hey ladies ride home
also if you haven't already done this if
you have the YouTube app go right here
to our channel and click that you still
don't get notifications turn on your
phone well if you have notifications on
turning on and when we upload a video
you'll be note you'll be told instantly
right away so you can be the first one
to comment also within the first two
hours of me uploading the video I'll sit
there and coming back and forth with you
guys so you can be the first to say
first you can be the first to call me a
fat ass you can be the first to get a
replies you could be the first to click
like you could be the first so click the
little bell be the first so right now we
are at Burger King with the goal of
getting a whopper with cheese for
grandpa yep and we're gonna combine that
with the Big Mac so grandpa gonna have
his Mick whopper and I'm probably Laurie
right now but Mick whopper time there it
is the whopper do you know how odd it
was to go there and only only only order
one whopper sandwich and leave right now
we are at McDonald's for Phase two of
the sandwich what everybody wants to
make him mcwhopper today yeah so while
we're waiting in line at McDonald's we
just found a bag of gummies that we left
in the car and they feel completely
melted I want to see what melted gummy
oh my god okay this is getting bad yours
melted everywhere fuck oh my oh oh my
god please don't get it in my car please
please I'm really desperate here oh my
god
you know this is disgusting Oh hold up
thinking even opening this things I open
Pandora's box is there anything we could
put is in the Whopper bag come on take
that Walt Brown well now I'm gonna be
holding a fucking whopper thank you so I
got a buttermilk crispy chicken sandwich
for grandpa yeah well can I taste that
sandwich yeah well it's just all over me
yeah we'll try his buttermilk chicken
sandwich I'm the car ride the whole
thing plus the fries and right hey lady
could you go both which one you eat
these are both for you with today we're
having the mid whopper I understand
you're gonna combine the two so I don't
touch your food yeah I don't you came up
up you know we eat your hands okay take
off the top button all right parse that
aside you don't need it hell I don't
know I demand it
you'll get that don't worry now take the
Big Mac from the middle button you need
to bring the middle button there the
middle bun you need all that okay put
the middle bun on top of the whopper
now put the bigger little then once you
put that on top of that us after but for
now but down top all right don't use
that
why okay I don't expose my family all
right I want to get a thumbnail with you
in the mcwhopper so let's hold it up to
the Cameron smile
very nice all right dad here we go angry
grandpa tries the mcwhopper
I'm pretty damn good is it yeah
hmmm that is good but they caused us to
think about the mcwhopper Burger King
came up with a proposal to McDonald's
for national peace day to mix the two
sandwiches for one location in Georgia
but McDonald's rejected them oh okay but
now here we are we can make it ourselves
oh so here we go let's eat some more
mcwhopper tomato makes it good is can
you taste mayonnaise I'll love Minnie
if you taste that I can't take a bite
but you can't I'm gonna try out no pick
that up I think I'm gonna make one of
the way almost good it is you can take
the Big Mac Big Mac sauce mm-hmm
with the flavor of the Charbroil
it's good dude it's it's a good sandwich
man at the burger from working on some
cheap bun very good sandwich I'll give
it the McDonald should have sort of sold
this but if you can't buy it make it
yourself cuz it's good yeah man yeah
what we got going on here now ribs I use
a chicken there in the house already
done how long have these been smoking
about 1
now that we've had to make a whopper
grandpa's finishing up some dinner we
got some fried corn some broccoli
oh sorry pop and some chicken that he
smoked he that should knock you in yeah
but mm-hmm he human smoking chicken well
grandpa just got a bar
for his room he got while I was in New
York and he wants to show it to me so
here we go let's go to grandpa's room
and check out the bar stop baby
yes let's check out the bar scene in
grandpa's room
yeah of course you finish eatin yeah all
right so here's the entrance to a gp's
army hello AGP wow this room is coming
together huh yeah are you wiping it with
a rag yeah Wow look at this
yes let's let's do it so let's do is
guess what do you think I'm gonna bring
out fish this is really cool so do you
just hang out in here yeah other than
music wow this stuff is cool dude Thank
You grandpa
wow you have more on there now
yeah well this is cool dad and you have
a thing for drinks yeah what is it was
that you want me you don't want you I
want you you got it
farting no the bags of dog food that you
get are heavy uh when I'm farting and
Bella's hears it barks I was walking the
whole house carrying this bag hello dude
I smell it
I can't move right now actually cuz I'll
shit again so I'm actually just in the
process of looking for my selfie stick
Bridget throw away and not throw it away
yeah where did you throw I'm popping the
balloons without the selfie stick
they're gone I'm gonna let them go
outside
give me the balloons no I can't tell if
he just hates me if he wants to go out
what's going on here should I walk up to
him yeah
hey lazy no he hates me he hates me look
it is this dog just just doesn't like me
see well that's gonna be a friend a you
guys grandpa ate the mcwhopper showed me
his new bar I got covered and freakin
gummy candy dad none of that happened
that's it that's gonna be it for today
you guys thanks for watching hope you
enjoyed the vlog again if you haven't
seen the video from yesterday check it
out everything don't even do it I'm
pushing don't follow that don't lie like
that they're gonna believe it shit have
his pants behind the camera they're
gonna I know
I even wake up sometimes anyway I'm
getting out of here thanks for watching
Bridge is not allowed in the intro now
like some altro subscribe favorite
covered yeah but you got her teeth to
chew them
the Charleston gum
