what's going on you guys keep you out of
camera here in today yeah Thursday this
is a daily here this throwback Thursday
hey and today is throwback Thursday and
so I'm gonna tell the story when I was
in vigil I steer anyway today is
Thursday and today is throwback Thursday
and I told you guys last night I was
gonna tell the story about what happened
with the police with the NYPD when we
were in New York City you guys were
asking about the shirts so check this
out tonight you're gonna find out what
happened it got crazy anyway before we
start the vlog let's take a look at some
of the stuff that I took out of the
video which by the way you can see by
clicking here the home invasion prank
where we made Bridget think someone
broke into the house I didn't care
anymore
uh you were bitching about it 20 minutes
ago take a look at this this is some of
the stuff that I took out including
locking Bridget into the bathroom with
grandpa's fart well Bridget you got a
little birthday mess yeah I do
Jesus Christ everybody hold the door
happy birthday Bridget an Ellen - what a
news we're gonna blow you
but the better the chase I never come
back again are you gonna work I gotta
get the camera
no get here dude I'm not joking right
now
no I'm deleting it fuck you go back with
your dad oops you got we gotta clean
this glass up can I get the other camera
so anyway let's get this Thursday
started throwback style if you want to
see the video with the home invasion
link below link here and if you want to
see Bridget trapped in the bathroom to
fart again check this out that was one
stank fart dude it was one of the worst
I was gagging myself disgusting dude why
does he frickin do that you should have
seen it before we did the break-in dude
he's walking around the house will hold
the cake oh shit Mike we're gonna go
wake this bitch up sure I'm gonna shit
my pants Oh anyway let's start this
Thursday throwback style so bridges
frickin balloons from the what was that
called the fruit tray who who
accompanies that edible arrangements
ours just sitting here do you are you
keeping these yes I can't get a knife
and pop them no say goodbye no nice oh
so I guess I want pop pills
yeah no oh
hahaha I was just seeing my face inside
the little blade this is what she
ultimately had to do for the edible
arrangement because it was so much fruit
you need to put it in there and I'm
gonna get me a piece of fruit right now
ah I'm sorry okay it's open right now
but I can't see inside it it's time for
wrestle Craig woo
sure just kidding a hey Russell Crane
with you aside do you really know I
think it's actually pretty cool
all right right off the bat we have a
Jeff Hardy TNA impact figure do you have
that I don't ever buy TNA figures shit
that's awesome then its new right yeah
that's cool that is cool it's a really
nice one I just need to get myself
another toy wrestling ring because I saw
it fixed when Grandpa broke next up is a
koozie eat sleep super kick party repeat
this goes on something it's Roddy Piper
vinyl it's six against something maybe I
can put it on something later if I
figure out how to do it but that's
pretty cool in memory of Roddy Piper
just when they think they got answers I
change the questions
rest in peace Roddy Piper looks like it
is a professional wrestling fans
magazine calling spots it's a little
miniature magazine looks like it's in
Japan that's pretty cool new Bridgend AJ
Lee oh hey AJ ha
is this the periodic table of wrestling
and has all of the all these wrestlers
named it's like it's the periodic table
both wrestling names and stuff that well
you that that's pretty cool
and the last thing is this autographed
young bucks picture which is actually
what the koozie is for cool so pretty
good dude
we got the young bucks autograph we've
got the Jeff Hardy figure the hot rod
decal the calling spots magazine the
Roddy Piper commemorative picture the
periodic table of wrestling we got a ton
of stuff today
Russell Crowe
you want to sign rusick right the link
is below oh shit what it was a shirt
it wasn't recording what was I was a
recruiting oh god I broke all the rules
to unboxing you're not supposed to unbox
it without recording it oh shit
start over god I cry actually oh okay
I don't hear about anymore why do you
cry cause I did all of it
oh okay it was a lot of sharp Oh
the NWO shirt too soon it too sweet me
come on come on I'm still thinking about
him - sweet me already come on damn it
you do this I'm not wrestling tan I'm
taking applications to be my new
girlfriend tweet me and let's talk cuz I
need someone I can do this with them you
wanna I know now is that the fucking
girlfriend how about that I'm breaking
up with you yeah let's meet her though
playing yeah that's I thought now
accepting applications well that's
almost it for today you guys but first I
wanted to tell you my throwback Thursday
story once again this week has to do
with a few days ago so before I went to
New York I told Kimberly to bring a
whole bunch of angry grandpa shirts
several months ago we ordered a whole
bunch of shirts and we never did
anything with them we didn't sell them
we gave some away sometimes we would see
people in the streets and we'd give them
a shirt or a wristband just things like
that so I decided we went to New York
maybe we could do the same thing maybe
we could give away some of the shirts to
some of the people that we run into in
New York City so we get there and she
brings out this astronomical amount of
shirts I think there was like 300
t-shirts that she had and first of all I
had no way of bringing them home
- she had no way of taking him home and
three there were so many shirts so the
first day while we were in New York she
put some shirts into her bag and
occasionally would run into people on
the streets and we say hey you want a
shirt we give him a shirt
give him a wristband but that still
wasn't making a dent and all the shirts
that we had we gave way maybe four
t-shirts
within the first few days in New York
City and we had to get rid of a lot more
because like I said there was at least
300 so before SummerSlam Kim comes up
with the idea to bring the shirts to the
arena with us and we would give them
away I would tell people on Twitter
where I'm at where they can find us
where they can see the shirts and grab
one for free
good idea or so we so we thought it
wasn't a good idea so we get to the
Barclays Center in Brooklyn and Kim
brings out all of these shirts and bags
and we set them on a bench and I tell
everybody on Twitter where they can find
us and the shares and people start
showing up now if you're me I know what
you were looking at that Mountain Dew
hello it looks so delicious and oh right
not the Mountain Dew if you look at this
you can see that an NYPD police car was
right there behind the shirts in the
picture so people were coming in and out
some people that didn't see the tweet
would recognize me they would come up
and hey one a free shirt so I was giving
away all these shirts it was a good time
we gave way about 50 shirts and then
somebody walks up to us and says hi we
represent the lawyers for WWE they
didn't represent Deborah W these lawyers
they represented people that represented
the lawyers if that makes sense
like the lawyers send somebody out to
look they want to know if we were
selling unlicensed WWE merchandise
outside of their show and okay it's a
fair argument to make if you're selling
stuff outside of a show you know you
shouldn't be doing that but we weren't
selling anything we were giving away the
shirts either way this lawyer comes up
to us and says he wants to see the
Sharks and he takes two of them with him
and he walks away at this point I tell
him let's get out of here I don't want
to get in any trouble let's just leave
them on the bench and whoever wants to
come up can get them I'm gonna tweet out
where they are come get you a shirt if
you want to and we split we got away
from there about ten minutes later we're
all waiting to go inside SummerSlam and
we see two more
ypd police carts pull up followed by an
actual NYPD police cruiser now my first
thought was we're going to jail
this is it because they walk directly to
the shirts that were sitting in a pile
on the bench and that was it so Kimberly
walks up to the police officer who's
also standing there with the w/e lawyer
or the Coliseum lawyer or whoever that
guy was and the guy says oh this is the
girl right here she's the one that
brought the shirt the cop looks at him
and says you can't leave the shirts here
you're gonna have to take them with you
right now or you're under arrest now at
this point I'm walking up because I can
hear what they're saying I'm like shit
and I don't know what we did wrong I
still don't know what we did wrong that
merits arrest what pissed off the cops
so bad do they think that we were
selling the shirts they think that we
were lured during was it littering I
don't know what the reason we were going
to be arrested for but the cop was going
to arrest him if she didn't do something
about these shirts right now and it's
not like if it came down to it I could
deny them being my shirts because the
logo was right here on my arm I can't
say I don't know what those shirts are
who's angry grandpa so I said ah we got
to go save Kim so we're walking and then
I hear Kim start to weave this story
which makes me stop a dead in my tracks
the cop is talking to Kim about arrest
and what she has to do and then Kim says
Ben that's the light bulb going off by
the way she didn't really say bang to
the cops
which could you imagine if she did do
that to the cops
ma'am you might be arrested bang huh Kim
looks at the cop and says I've been
trying to get these shirts over to the
homeless shelter but I have to get into
the event I can't miss it and it's only
me and I don't know how to carry all
these shirts several blocks to take it
to a shelter and so the cops decided
we'll take them not us so that's the
story we were going to get arrested for
trying to give away angry grandpa shirts
by the NYPD who then took the shirts to
a homeless shelter a few blocks away
from the Barclays Center so if you live
in New York or you live in Brooklyn if
you see anybody any homeless people or
anybody wearing angry grandpa shirts
take a picture and show me because I got
to see how this unfolds
in the end I'm glad the shirts were able
to go to help somebody I'm hoping you
know there's somebody out there who
needed something to wear and got our
shirt even if it's offensive even if you
know they don't like the shirt at least
it's a shirt I'm glad it was able to do
at least some good and we didn't get
arrested
anyway that's going to be it for today
you guys that was the story of how we
almost were arrested in New York over
t-shirts over angry grandpa shirts
ridiculous
Kim fave the day nice thinking so anyway
thanks for watching you guys if you
haven't seen the new video Bing boom
please don't watch it though please know
you don't try not be overly um you're
trying to knock me over
so anyway go check out the new video
where Bridget thought the house is being
broken into oh that's right so anyway
thanks for watching you guys hope you
liked the story hope you liked the vlog
like subscribe favorite Asylum and
everything even if it's not that I point
you again
