what's going on you guys keep you on a
camera here and wait and read in Times
Square I got Kim and it's one of our
last days in New York so I haven't gone
to the big staircase yet I think we're
gonna go do that so we're looking for
Sonny there's tons of people here not
used to this many people it's kind of
crazy
hey man so I'm actually here with AJ
what is your YouTube man AJ universe be
to the universe you have a youtube I'm
Josh
Carter the galaxy go by you're the
guardian of the galaxy guardian of the
galaxy
dude we have the guardian of the galaxy
here with us and New York City you all
don't worry does anybody want to picture
the guardian of the galaxy
nobody cares I won't charge wow you're
the only one much a dollar in the sense
maybe just let me get home New York City
welcome to New York not charging much
like that I know you changes priorities
instantly I'm not gonna charge you
anything except $100 so why does it have
to be that every one of my vlogs is now
starting on with us looking for food
because we're hungry the line to Shake
Shack starts at the gentlemen's club and
yes we're eating Shake Shack oh my god I
feel it I feel use the line to get into
SummerSlam yeah Oh Marcus how you doing
man just our recording excellent yeah
white trash
and if actually well not that maybe here
today
Oh
what's your name Dennis what's your name
Eric smart what's your name Kimberly
please back up
so we are leaving the pay-per-view okay
let's get a consensus did he tap oh yeah
yeah at least ten times they saw it
fucking we saw we all saw will mate is a
bastard it's kind of funny a few years
ago fred durst got kicked out of
SummerSlam for the middle finger and now
Brock can just do it and you know it's a
big middle finger to Fred look Fred
Durst exactly I was actually pretty
freaking funny well I'm leaving the
Barclays center we're all pissed off
tomorrow night Monday Night Raw who's
all going wrong tomorrow are you going
out of there people are not actually for
real
well we're starting the process of
packing up this room getting ready to go
oh don't be sad I'll be back soon and
all the stuff that we can't talk about
boom can't talk about it but a lot of
amazing stuff plus we've had this room
with this view but I do so believe I
might be coming back in October so oh
yeah and we buy our own drinks because
this hotel it's like a can of soda
where's this at okay come on
I'm blur Diet Coke five dollars juice
six dollars champagne fifty-five dollars
now on let's say diet coke is five
dollars
it ain't that those are ours we bought
those these are five dollars
those are beer well okay so that's part
of like $30 yes
$50 for that $50 bottle this is
ridiculous
we never buy that show in the water nine
dollars they literally pack their
refrigerator
yeah well of stuff like you can't you
couldn't go out and like buy your own
stuff like have leftovers or anything
and try and put it in here cuz there
wasn't room so I basically told the
hotel
you oughta want cuz I'm having company
bought themselves
I'll put their drinks off to the side so
we could
I told them I'll put it back sir
I'm fasabi Hotel where's the uber a
Keung
well
it his trip is over
love this city though I would definitely
to be back to it
really great trip
this is Jim city
so this is the guy that all you guys say
wants to be like Bam Margera because
Dean Ambrose
anybody else that looks relatively like
you Ben from def cab with an attitude
then you can start to make it better
a Jew
don't be
thanks for coming it was awesome thanks
for having music greatly you head under
your skin and you be
see we know don't be shy anytime you
feel the bait you in pain don't carry
that well oh I will see you soon see you
Kimberly
thanks for hanging out with me I
appreciate it by the time you see this I
would have already been home gonna scare
Bridgette tonight
Bridgette thinks I'm coming home
tomorrow late night she doesn't know
that I'm coming home it's at night early
morning I'm gonna wait till she falls
asleep and I've gone up for again home
invasion
