what's going on you guys Kibby out a
camera here Kim here and today is
Thursday and it's a windy day in New
York City elbows I bet I do right so so
we're sitting here in Times Square
waiting for an uber to take us to
Central Park because I don't know how
far is and I'm not walking strawberry
fields forever The Walrus was Paul stand
by me so darling gonna stand by me Oh
stand by me
this guy oh god let's move it the sky oh
my goodness Nixon's you come boo and for
and in that's it she crumble to the sea
I say today head I think we just saw
like a rack in New York City I think
he's like stuck underneath them he
looked like he couldn't back up almost
like he was stuck oh yeah he's hitting
Oh My giddy ain't care just wait Oh
you just may take huh
yeah we I definitely saw them hit he's
stopping
hopefully it was just as tired but
hopefully it's all smashed hood he
scraped the front oh my god yeah yup hey
dudes not me temperatures cooling say
you know so lots of big and describers
like obviously I know how you doing so
you know you to be made a new video
coming up absolutely this Saturday
called tape right so you know show me
love man mmm yes hell yeah roll it down
how hard do you think it is for people
especially that are working in media to
be aware of how quickly things are
changing because I can you look at your
story
you did start out as a photographer but
that's when you can make a call and as
you say hustle your way backstage you
can't do that anymore the way you did
figured out of here the kind of an
innovate I like have you ever tried to
research what were you like I would
bring a guy like Sakuraba or someone
who's pebbly of a influence or it was
always the mean of what we didn't have
how do you react when Paul Heyman is
just fed like if mentioned several times
on this page that he feels that you are
the top play by color commentator in the
business today
I'm truly humbled I grew up watching ECW
and you are are one of the reasons I'm
around this business and we were talking
backstage we've known each other in some
capacity for 10 years
it's insane ten years from Louisville
and just as I've grown in you you
continue to do your thing up that means
the world to me honestly at the bottom
of my heart thank you and the fact he
did people yeah sure Robert your own
yeah come prepared coming it is a mini
bag who did you meet today so are you
happy about it
so Lily met Paul Heyman today it was a
lot of fun we were at the Sam Roberts
podcast it was him and Corey graves and
of course not Sam Sam Roberts it was a
lot of fun
fuck him
where's excuse me do you know where to
Rawls's garel you may hear oh that's my
man hey Jules I don't know why I just
said nose droll Gerald is what I meant
so it's just a bar look him it says
because pizza I like the way they think
yeah you're right sir that's right
because pizza that's going my new phrase
anytime something happens why are you
watching wrestling because pizza that's
why because pizza there we go
you're waiting
he's filling me off you as a personal
insult I find it to be one say you can
leave you file for divorce I will go
chief squanto's or something yeah they
are so good it's good really good what's
our crazy I got some right here these
potato pancakes we'll try that in a
second first these are delicious
- it's not gravy we are wandering Times
Square at night now everything so nice
and bright
so weird it's like daylight stuff
like him it's my curb on trash pick-up
day
no there's my curb on trash pick-up day
you know the best part about the sign is
with the head
yeah it's true man go get some give my
feelings the day after Thanksgiving and
we're going into Walmart looking for
life television deals
what it looks like out here
well that's gonna be it for today you
guys look behind us all cool view so
we're getting out of here we got to
catch an uber because it's fun there's a
lot of people you wouldn't believe
looking at this that it's like 10:00 at
night yeah it's ridiculous so when we
get out of here like subscribe favorite
bridge West
and that's it
