back home you guys one will apologize
again for freaking out guys when I saw
this my emotions just really went all
over the place
this is grippers wallet and it's got all
those cards in it and his license so
much it means everything to me and I
want to find a good place to put it so
got just the place there's no like
lesson on opening and closing arms you
know what I mean yeah he can watch this
open gifts now that I've done that let's
open some presents Cindy takes a note
from our book too much Cindy $200 Cindy
you're crazy you're so crazy mom
certifiable mr. meeseeks look at me the
mr. meeseeks box of fun yeah what is
this oh no it's a game but mr. meeseeks
better pop out I love mr. meeseeks
Oh awesome
we have to watch home alone now
oh yeah dude this is sick I wanted this
did you get the idea after we saw it at
Ryan's or did you already have I already
had it so what I was like you were like
I was really worried you're gonna like
order it that night it was great - yeah
well oh wow I'm surprised you two go
don't order ant yeah I didn't I didn't
want to spoil anything it I got an idea
to make you feel better butch it pop out
of a room okay I'll take one
oh no oh I love it damn it damn that's a
good stir
book one what is the bullet I think it's
like a comic I want to get all of them
eventually Oh Rick and Morty made the
worst one you weren't done you know I am
ready you got all right if you had my
boyfriend son no one repeat look I told
you I don't want for Christmas play
video games you got oh my god you my zit
yes
what's it from Breaking Bad yep I gotta
say I got a little from Breaking Bad
look I didn't have any wrapping paper
holy crap Rick and Morty clue we have to
play games tonight yeah this is uh it's
a memory game space on that episode with
all like the extra characters yeah hold
or a call to the camera oh my god
can't Bristol Lake sure oh my god
awesome huh your mom knows the way to
our heart cash oh dude she did too much
again 300 cover the lens this R Andrew
yep I'll watch this is paper I don't
know but it's so pretty here no I mean
like seriously I can't open the paper I
made out like balloon material holy crap
are you serious right let me try
you open up that way yeah man and a
little bit of worst-case scenario
everybody we threw away a whole lot of
wrapping paper just now after we opened
our presents and it turns out there's a
gift card and one of the wrapping papers
so we've got to dig it out of the trash
unfortunately trash is at the street
that part's not important but we're
going to the street right now to dig in
the garbage so we can retrieve these
gift cards
who puts gift cards in the wrapping
paper itself it was like taped into the
wrapping base just so you know I got a
film you doing it I know the guy know
what this is kidding me I knew the
second you handed me the camera
what was happening I'm digging in the
trash Merry Christmas the way my belts
anything you wanted on I mean I didn't
specifically wanted but I didn't want to
throw it away oh yeah I threw them all
away oh you really tied this bag good
you got this babe where's it
oh this is do you know yeah it was like
the purple trees purple trees yeah three
cross your fingers oh please be in there
oh I dig in the garbage for this Andrea
I love you but okay got it
oh we go into the movies oh yeah movies
yeah thank you so much Andrea Here I am
opening a new present by the garbage I
want to say thank you so much
Merry Christmas do we get her anything
we didn't get anyone guys I want to
apologize to all the members of my
family who didn't get gifts from me you
know life sucks stop shopping on Black
Friday this is awesome forty dollars was
too much Andrea definitely too much yes
movies now Bridget can't deny into her
card says hey guys I hope you enjoyed
the movie gift card in the pillows I
figured either you would find him as
cute as I did or you think there was
something wrong with either is fine
actually that's exactly what I said what
I opened I don't know what's in this
gift but something's wrong with it
something's wrong with Andrea okay
for the people who don't know I just
dubbed new audio to it later the scene
was in the vlog already come on I don't
know what you Bridget but I got one
thing on my 3ds okay I felt like I was a
little like off there but we can pretend
ah what's right again one two three
Danny's you're too fast guys we plan the
scene okay back up what are we doing it
one plan scene we can't do it right this
is why we can't be fake Hey ready I got
one thing on my line Bridget me too it's
not food though what is it I don't know
I can use a pounding it's Christmas you
scan
it's good I find it so cute they drink
milk our restaurant do you hear that
done no I do you know you know they
about to put creamer into my milk one
guys we're at Denny's right now and let
me tell you something it took only 45
minutes to get in a same yeah it was so
not like this last year last year we
just bought it by the bubble yeah I
couldn't tell if we were coming to
Danny's like the hottest like nightclub
in New York right that's exactly how it
see it was so I should apologize again
today it was messed up but you thought
butter it's working
I didn't that's just how I feel I mean
you were going for something
nobody's at the house Yeah right
does it look easy heroes too actually
would you do you see the video what the
we uploaded a video then grandpa so
today I was in I had a poem out man I
did the Christmas tree totally for you
your Christmas tree
no no it was a dad's house oh yeah we
went over to watch the nephews everyone
give Ginny's tree
yeah
that's fine what if it was bridges right
then you would be sitting at this table
my dream
yeah that's right it's Warren Street -
yeah yeah you expect that at your place
they shouldn't expect it anything right
these will start getting better or
something he'll yeah but that's how I
feel like if it made you feel about her
it did it made me feel a lot better
actually and that's exactly how your dad
is she gave me dad's wallet and it broke
me down and I had a mental breakdown I
couldn't handle we're sitting your way
and also food you guys it took us a long
time to get in here
oh yeah hopefully the food Michael
wanted to leave but I'm like now it's
worth it just got done having dinner at
Denny's that feels weird to say dinner
at Denny's that too much to say beside
any is okay it's not breakfast look we
just had Christmas dinner at Denny's
those guys let me tell you something it
was it's kind of disgusting Doug I was
good you lie
really John got one point when he was
doing using gonna and through the fork
down did I you did - you say this -
spicy yeah pepper in it but I even
finished it that's why it was too hot
you hated it no I did not how is yours
Lauren thanks for ruining I would with
the rest of the stuff it's kind of hard
to screw up eggs and bacon okay well
yeah eggs are okay bacon was oh you
didn't cook it partially
delicious cook Doug okay I'm the best
cook certainly better than you yeah
you're Emily China yeah Bridgette I
think had the worst experience Bridgette
guide first one she messed up her order
from the beginning she was like can I
get the dinner country fried steak with
hash browns I was gonna get mashed
potatoes but I decided against it so I
got cheese hash browns
he sure just got the breakfast with
pancake I should uh she's like anyway
guys
the pancakes were good yeah the pancakes
were I just don't know like you said it
was very the oil tastes like they hadn't
like changed it I'm thinking about it
not good
and Doug somehow loved it it was good
he's lying all right Doug Merry
Christmas merry merry ho ho bah humbug
Campbell is that like a thing have a
crumble I don't know Merry Christmas
guy look good I could use a if you use a
Christmas hug all right Doug love yeah
we're out of here
Merry Christmas every other team Kevlar
team
I'll be on he's gonna be on too because
that's what we do every time we play
Friday the 13th and look for ways to
kill him in the game well if you can't
tell it is officially the next day which
means Christmas is over guys I hope you
had a like amazing fantastic Christmas
with your family I hope you told them
you love them you know we take for
granted the time that we get with family
and I'm realizing that now so going for
I'm gonna make sure I spend the most
time I can and live life with my family
to the fullest so guys do the same thing
because you never know when they're
gonna be gone they could be gone
tomorrow so I hope you all had a
fantastic Christmas I hope you got
everything that you wanted and if you
did and who cares as long as you got to
spend time with your family tell them
you love them guys I'm getting out of
here thanks for watching only a few more
days until this year is over because
2017 has been the worst year of my life
I've had it I'm done with 2017-2018 talk
2017 i frickin hates you I want you gone
that's it
getting out of here thanks for watching
you guys Merry Christmas
like subscribe
favorite and that's it and Danny sucked
last night I don't know if I'm going
back ever I gotta be honest I don't know
if I'm ever going back Merry Christmas
you
