what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here bridge West is upstairs so
that means she ain't here and today is
Tuesday and tomorrow night I'm getting
the New York City and I'm worried yeah
we do
I never been in New York City before I'm
a little bit worried probably because
I'm alone Kimberly is gonna be joining
me in the city later either in the week
or the day or something
not sure Kim's gonna be joining me this
one right there with the girls and stuff
but I want to be checking out in New
York I'm breaking this diet because I
want to try the Shake Shack and I hear
it so good that I'm gonna eat it three
times a day every day six times a day
every day I'm at well Michael you really
deserve it because don't say how much I
lost I don't want them to know Co let me
say it go ahead you lost it was 20
pounds oh wow that's amazing it's hard
it's water weight I pissed it all out
how many people right now are paying
less attention to me and the Halloween
costume behind me don't like I cannot
take my eyes off that pumpkin outfit so
yesterday I uploaded a story where I was
talking about my first day of school
where I smelled like buttermilk if you
haven't seen that link is below if you
haven't seen the video where we say
goodbye to Grandma link is here it's
very sad Kim also uploaded a video that
link is below I'm just hitting you with
links boy link link link link you guys
are gotta fun on everything though
yesterday Bridgette did film her takin
mom to the airport I couldn't go because
I was a mess but anyway check this out
this is Bridgette taking mom to the
airport all right Tina
are you excited oh yeah I never did but
I always get nervous going on the plane
Michael would have came but he just he's
so sad he's gonna miss you we all are no
I know what uh I could talk to him every
day
and sky but that's definitely true and
you'll be in like Kim's videos that's
like awesome yeah so be saying huh love
you anyway let's get this Tuesday
started packing for New York style I had
to get a new suitcase about an hour ago
because we're starting to pack this one
and I saw it's like starting to fall
apart
so we got this one it is a Samsonite I
didn't realize sukh luggage was so
expensive but here it is anyway hit it
last you are you know I'm finally using
the thing I got I think it was from nerd
block the platform 9 and 3/4 bag tag
looks good
I feel like Kevin McCallister I can't
even pack my own suitcase but I always
screw it up I packed my suitcase and I
just stuff it in there and she rolls it
up nicely so this is how we do it I know
other people fold it differently
probably and you're like that's not the
way to fold it get ready for a bunch of
wrong folding technique comments version
clog guide it works for me how many
pairs of boxers do I have that's the
only parry pack so good I better find
some more okay so do I just not own any
boxers what's going on
that's the only pair I found I think
he's served them away cuz you shit
yourself
yeah I mean I know I get sick of myself
but no no I mean I know I get some yeah
stick no you sick sighs haha no I know I
know I get sick myself too oh let's go
Nani guys bitch of us Taylor and today
I'm gonna prank Michael
so he's leaving for Brooklyn tomorrow
night so I'm going to Ford him an email
with a little graphic I made saying that
his reservation was cancelled
what does that mean what the email with
me boy what does that mean I don't know
if he got the call call who the hotel
yes they got rid of the canceled the
room yes I don't know to do
you know what you do I'm going tomorrow
maybe you should stay this is
so because they decide to get rid of my
room I thought about you know sleep in
the streets of Brooklyn you might have
to because you know at every fuckin
dream is booked already including your
reservation please call them by call but
I'm going to cut them out I don't even
know anything you booked that you have
to call they have your email on file so
you'll call they only have my email they
have all of your information
how long can add that that should've
said it can't like three hours ago you
couldn't be give it to me then this is
bullshit I just read it well it would
have been nice to go to SummerSlam it
would have been a really good trip I got
I don't trip
some might fall be nice to me I'm not
blaming you but I'm pissed dude my room
is gone f okay just stay here dude
Kim's coming up does she have room no
okay okay
bye call I'm banned from the hotel know
that in the head of time then stay don't
even call that fuck it just don't even
go tomorrow
how's that you'd love that I bet you
can't sold the room that's what it is I
did not do that
sure you didn't I said I wouldn't do
that
I don't got a trip to New York you don't
call me I'm sorry I'm not calling this
is a bull you were so rude
you're so followers I'm calling
give me the number two
okay I'm going
Michael okay
it was a train do know about the truck
my phone I'm skinning it was appraised
camera what we're right there are the
bushes yes probably all fogged up the
shit wasted your time on this one who
made that fucking grab me so right now
Bridget doesn't think that I care that
she is not coming to New York with me
but I'm leaving this here for her to
find on the vlog for after I'm gone
because she usually watches the vlogs
the next day I am gonna miss you yeah
that's kind of a shitty thing right why
don't you tell her in person I'm just
letting her know kind of like an easter
egg I'm sad you're not coming I wish you
were coming with me
it's gonna be great New York City man
wish you were coming for anything
bridges should I take my Jason mask no I
don't do you think when we go to the
airport wearing this tomorrow no okay do
it you'll be sent home no I'll be sent
to prison
Oh God well that's gonna be it for today
you guys bridgie got me I got you
you pray me really good that was really
good oh I know I love you let me - so
tomorrow I'm gonna be in New York City
bullshit New York City better
linguae night it why cuz I'm not well
you should have made the quiet thing
next mom I couldn't I'm on a waiting
list
well bridge is sad but I'm pretty
excited of course I'm gonna miss present
obviously you think that don't you so
anyway that's gonna be it for today you
guys bridge you got me good oh yeah
it's good I love you though pack my bags
she packed my bags I'm not done either I
gonna go and finish stakeout a little
more to do so I'm gonna take me a shower
gonna put a gonna get my outfit for
tomorrow ready grandpa's taking me
because Brigette can't handle taking me
to the airport cuz you can be sad you're
not gonna have Bridget for five days
click like if you're excited about that
oh no that's not true because I'm Colin
hey uh remember to hit me up on Twitter
if you have any places you want me to
check out in New York City let me know
this is me babe this is me too um
there's only one up there so how long
for two as a pitcher was swing away
thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe favorite I love you guys I'm
so gonna miss you tomorrow pickle boy
lost in New York
