what's going on you guys Kibby on a
camera here for just here three seconds
late Bridget what was that mean three
seconds you were two or three second
slave men opting me heaven okay so today
is Monday and admittedly I wasn't gonna
upload a vlog today uh right now it's
about eleven o'clock at night and I've
sort of just been in bed depressed all
day
I know buck up get over it grow up I've
been sad all day because mom went to New
York today and I just didn't want to do
a vlog I've been sad it it's you know
it's like I can't even watch the video
that I uploaded yesterday if you haven't
seen it click this right here I feel
like you're about to cry now I'm not I'm
fine right you're gonna make me so oh uh
I can't even watch the video that I
uploaded yesterday it's honestly like
the saddest thing but I think I've ever
recorded or edited and I can't even
watch it now I've been preparing for it
for a few months when I got dead the
house I asked mom what she wanted and
she told me all that she really wants is
to go live in Syracuse so I got dad the
house and I began working on getting her
place in Syracuse so sad to see you go
mom but I'm really happy that you're
happy in New York
so anyway instead of not uploading a
video like I was originally intending to
do I decided why not give you guys a
first day a school story because it was
a lot of people's first day at school I
didn't do a throwback Thursday I didn't
do my flashback Friday I didn't do a
sentimental Sunday slash Saturday slash
Sunday and now it's memory Monday
because we're running out of names so
when I was in middle school I took the
seventh and eighth grade in the same
year so I could just go right to the
ninth grade now before I started seventh
slash eighth grade dad of course as all
parents do goes and gets the school
supplies so he decided to get all of my
school supplies from a grocery store
including my book bag and I hated it the
book bag you walk into the grocery store
and above the frozen food section you
see all these that god-awful book bags
hangin
and I just didn't want one of them so
about a week before school started I
took buttermilk out of the fridge rater
and I filled the book bag with it and I
sat and outside in the Sun what a
horrible mistake my intentions were for
dad to smell the book bag and get me a
new one however my big problem I forgot
about it until the morning school
started yeah I forgot that I had a book
bag sitting outside filled with
buttermilk so I walk outside I go to
look at the book bag the buttermilk had
been evaporated and all I had was this
smelly flappy mess that I it was
repulsive we had actually been smelling
it for a few days that was I would take
their goddamn it out of here so I bring
the book back inside I tell Dad smell
this I can't go to school with it
he didn't care dad smells it gags tells
me I gotta go to school anyway
so I loaded my books into it and I went
to school with the buttermilk book bag
if you realize how pivotal the first day
of school is it sets up all your
friendships all your nicknames it sets
it all up man and I had to go to school
with a buttermilk book bag I get on the
bus
everybody can smell it this thing
lingers it's like if this was a cartoon
you would see one of those green waves
following me as I walk down the bus you
know everybody knows it's me I can't
deny it my book bag stinks everybody
knows it it was humiliating I get to
school I go to class
oh the entire classroom smelled like
buttermilk because of me and look I was
already the smelly kid in class I got
used to that sometimes I wouldn't take a
bath I stunt butt smelling like
buttermilk on the first day of school
was a whole new level of stank it was
putrid it was god-awful people in the
classroom were complaining what's that
smell the teacher things something died
eventually they trace it to my desk my
bookbag
I'm the one that stinks on the first day
of school the teacher takes me outside
asked me if everything's okay at home
oh this was Oh ma'am
that's humiliating eventually the day
was over I went through the entire day
smelling like shit
smelling like buttermilk I had to ride
the bus home the bus ride I smelled like
buttermilk now my clothes smelled like
buttermilk I get into the house I tell
Dad I need a new book bag and of course
the loving father that I have does what
any father would do he forgets about it
until the next morning well I'm about to
get on the bus again oh shit I forgot
Mike we got to take care of it this
weekend I said forget it I'm not going
back to school this buttermilk smelling
piece of crap I got a grocery store bag
I put my books in it and I went to
school with a freaking grocery bag for
the first week of school so now not only
am i the smelly kid in class but I'm
also the poor kid in class which by the
way one of the other kids in my class
had a fork on this part of his glasses a
few months later he had a spoon on this
side spoon fork duct-taped to his
glasses because he didn't have the
freaking arm of a glasses anymore and
I'm the poor kid it was probably right I
probably was the poor kid in class but I
worked really hard on my image to not
look that poor growing up it was hard
when you grow up in the trailers that I
grew up in and the surroundings that I
grew up in with wild dogs running around
your house like I grew up in with
roaches on every house and rats like I
grew up in it's really hard to not look
poor it's hard man we're talking about
lots of Tommy Hilfiger clothes you get
at the flea market that you steal tags
and superglue them in the back too so
you can look like you got the real thing
Tommy sport don't exist so just think as
bad as your first day of school was at
least you didn't smell like buttermilk
the entire day and then spend the rest
of the week airing your books in a
grocery bag a grocery bag and I still
smell like buttermilk because my clothes
stunk so anyway that was my memory
Monday video I just wanted to get
something up to you guys so I can
explain why I wasn't doing a vlog and at
least get something to you because it
was the first day of school and I didn't
want to leave you hanging and wondering
if I was posting a video or not so I at
least got this out I wanted to talk to
you guys I go to New York in a few days
I just been taking it really hard that
mom's gone it's very sad
you know I'm gonna miss her but she's in
New York Kim uploaded a video if you
haven't seen it the link is below it's
also right here
she recorded mom arriving to New York
and she looks genuinely happy and I'm
very happy for I'm just gonna miss her
swing away thanks for watching you guys
like subscribe favorite and don't pour
buttermilk in your book bags and bridges
trying to get in on the show and hey
wait wait okay wait I gotta say
something
it's important I'm on everything and I
love you guys
