oh my god you created it you ain't got
to eat it
how would you eat it charcoal Fidel know
what not known
okay that's all that Bob did it well
yeah any good
yeah I'll take off the out then when you
go to your gaya playing go I know I'm
not bad leader me to a does that stay
the night at the airport of others
what do you let you get out here right
cut that damn thing off man geez leave
it I'm serious
child over daddy gone here history you
can miss out on your mom that's off you
fat ass you guys are so horrible you
meet each other nobody got divorced good
know what's going on you guys keep you
on the camera here and I'm sitting with
Grandpa and he's grilling
what is this glaze on your chicken
mystically smells pretty good
so I told Dad that I've been on a diet
and so he made grilled chicken that's
very light I'm gonna have me some
chicken today that is very nice of you
grandpa
you try the broth dude yes it's
delicious amazing locale yeah right it
was sitting is gunk and cheese and a
little okay of church everything is good
I'll tell you I'll say it is good only
one locale was baked got over just a
minute ago
inside we said goodbye to mom she's blue
hey you started the argument that y'all
had afterwards but she no she started it
yeah okay you definitely still
how the hell did I start don't you start
every argument doesn't matter I could I
would believe anybody over you if they
say an argument was started I would
believe them you see go come with me
just let me see me laughing hold your
hand why you had to bring it up like
that well the last time I see you
fingers good job karma what shit happen
karma
she's calling carb up shit happens take
her home
not quite done yet I am mom what do you
think should I come back
the fargo New York and come to Dad's
weapons oh you ain't Dutch about fucking
well should I come back before I go to
New York and get dialed as Nottingham
see thank you so long Sammy's affirmed
what did I go up I think you made thank
you're so strong unless you did say
thank you for the prom obviously bang
because I'm such a great result
GG the mad I am it's funny you're
conceited right now I go I love you baby
you be good boy okay oh you can come and
see me I want a break no no no no no no
don't don't do that
grandma loves you okay remember that
okay we'll have fun in school
grandma see you real soon okay mommy I
love you
it's noble to go this is funny as hard
as iron I thought it would be ha ha
motion you could be yourself we get to
Jimmy I don't care my boys okay just
just save me a room yeah okay doctor
beautiful or there's gonna have one okay
mother has not stopped to this day she
still carries all those pictures you
know you're gonna run out of pictures
one take no I mean carrying him around
suzhou verse 14 hmm
don't grab me by how that oh well good
luck you know New York f1 Tarek you
alright hello Joe Cubans gonna hug for
me my mom hope you like in New York sure
you will you're unhappy here
oh yeah she doesn't happy here she'll be
really happy in to you I would have to
were here too so yeah you'll be there
that but I help say goodbye but you
wanna run
well I'm back home it was a very sad day
so say I'm gonna miss her so much I am
too um we need to visit her we will
she needs to visit us so I wasn't even
gonna uh record the goodbye I wasn't
even gonna say goodbye I it was my idea
completely so Bridgette came up with the
idea uh to have one last day with her uh
dad was all for it I was just real I
can't cry in front of people man it's
really embarrassing um it makes you feel
any better you look really cute when you
cry it makes me want to cry a lot of
people I saw some people on Facebook
making the kind of comments like oh oh
I'm surprised you're even sad Michael
you never helped her out which is
totally untrue uh the thing is when mom
and dad got divorced she didn't want to
be filmed anymore
it's nothing she don't wanna be filmed
anymore it says she didn't want me to
come over to her house every day with a
camera I respected her which and I
stopped coming over with a camera but I
was there every step to help her with
whatever she needed there was never you
know it's not like I help dad more than
I helped her I'm also I'm helping her
find a place in Syracuse you know it's
like it's not that I've dumped mom to
save dad mom just didn't want to really
be in the videos that much I guess for
her the videos were a reality that she's
not married to grandpa anymore and you
know dad's taking it hard too I know it
you know I know it looks bad because
they're fighting at the beginning of the
video but that's it's weird that's how
they click with each other
yeah bald head I though he didn't want
me to film that and I and I respected it
mom left dad was very sad and he asked
me not to film it and I did it out of
respect because I don't know they have a
weird relationship it's like one minute
after last time if you go fat-ass
the next minute they're laughing it's a
weird manner they're like friends it is
a weird dynamic they're just like
friends and
enemies you know it's weird so that's
gonna be a fun day you guys I hope you
enjoyed the video if you haven't seen
the new video the link is below I'm
sorry this vlog is kind of short I just
wanted it to be about mom I just wanted
to be a sang goodbye to her like
subscribe favorite and fall not
everything our links are below I love
you guys
AJ thanks for the music video thanks AJ
awesome again and that's it in a few
days I'm going to Grandpa's house and
I'm taking all those tools yes
