what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here for just here why today is
Saturday which means today I'm going to
grandpa's which means yesterday Saturday
which means yesterday was Friday and
yesterday I do the Twitter Q&A and if
you ever seen that boom there's a little
thing right there choose it basically
Michaels is gonna marry me what actually
today is it am breaking out with no ho
once again I wanted to remind you guys
if you have not subscribed to our
updates on YouTube go ahead and do that
I will show you how in the end of the
vlog check it out it's go to the YouTube
app and you go to a profile you'll see a
little bell sitting there click it and
you'll always be let know when we upload
a video you can be the first to say
first and of course if you're first in
the video I always talk to the first you
know number of comments I always comment
back and forth for as long as I can so
get here early and you can be a part of
that I answered your Twitter Q&A
yesterday if you haven't seen it the
link is right there it's also below
check it out I'm going to grandpa's
pretty soon because I want to buy him
some groceries because he cut his finger
and he's refusing to go to the store I
asked somebody have for dinner
I'm school make me a peaceful Cove so
I'm going to the store gonna buy grandpa
some food gonna check out his finger
gonna start my saturday chillin style
sometimes I like to go grocery shopping
for grandpa just because I like to
surprise him that's what I'm doing today
I'm gonna surprise that with a lot of
stuff because I assume he hasn't gotten
much grocery shopping done because it
was
um he doesn't want to leave the house he
told me he's not feeling very well so
look at all this this is all for dad to
bug you sore and if it wasn't for us
starting the diet a couple of days ago
this would be for dinner yeah this will
be all Ben have you even been taking
your medicine yeah what are you gonna do
peroxide for what this isn't alcohol
this Sun won't burn
I'll just bubble bubble what oh it does
not hurt what is all this shit it's
bubbling your infection
what infection you're probably not
cleaning enough I don't eat it yet and
let's although these scars all over you
what yeah look at all this what's going
on you've been doing too much
I got a working in the yard stop that
you born in a yard yeah so let me hire
someone to do no it's my yard you notice
anything different about me too bad
I lost two pounds you did
hey man come on man what man I want to
make sure this thing's good and clean
including your hands ever been your hand
don't know what's going on right now I
will be surprised if his whole hand
starts turning white
what the hell's going away up are your
name Howard on tour you do now I don't
know what to do now eh what did you do
that cuz I know this go clean it well
you can EQ just a rubbing - laughs
you're gonna mess here you do it I'm
afraid to touch it
I don't want junk shit are you doing it
too hard just fart No
hurt like a mother yeah you know why cuz
you're not cleaning it enough food is
your meds
what what is the infection medicine yeah
I'll tell you that okay all right he'd
the pain medicine you throw away I view
it away Jesus Christ
well I don't care we do too much cuz
you're gonna have you for us to do it
use the q-tips I do it better with my
finger
yeah but I think we love bit up your ass
probably okay now what is it got this
tape nice one okay one man you put a
look at it you're right you're right
chill out and always do what the doctor
says yeah I'm sure you do that's why you
busted a stitch because you were
cleaning out your yard never said he
busted two stitches yeah what the boys
look granted they were the ones that
were right here where the bending part
is well you shouldn't bend no I should
have been playing with a goddamn chain
so that's my Beth my toy well I'm coming
to get all you no you're not dude before
I've done in New York I swear to God I
swear to god you taught you you are not
touching my weapons I feel like I have
to you ain't go to my room
yeah I'm showing it oh wow yeah where'd
you get this Mickey Mouse phone URL you
loving you some yard sales in eat you
yeah how about the weapons it's sick
dude I like that you have a weapon all
again as long as you're not using them
well I do that yeah you would
oh you got some new drawings you got
this yeah and this in my mouth it's like
it's like if you were in the game The
Witcher who it's a video game
what's that this is sick throw or what
is this thing it's like father like
given to gas co2 goop that they have a
gas purge that you get a cold beer they
put ice evident how much sucking you
find at a yard sale
I was a commuter a minute what about you
Bart
right here that's very cool what is
Castro wait
yeah you up yeah let's turn them all I
was turn on by warning in a few minutes
we're going to be putting on some strobe
lights if you suffer from epilepsy or
any kind of seizures or stuff like that
I honestly I don't know if it affects
you too but I know people have like a
problem with light so if you do suffer
from something like that don't watch
this part of the vlog turn it off
I don't want anybody getting hurt
watching my videos wait a minute isn't
to the universe tree what stop what stop
1959 today you were there weren't you
hell yeah Oh what was you're doing right
now right a house fucked up bad I know
what I'll do it
we'll see how it looks some eternal like
with it on turn takes away the effect
what so you might drop an acid bar right
now sucking a dick out of other day who
knows what I'll do it whilst I dyed my
hair
ah so I am really truthfully considering
taking his weapons and considering it we
really should it's like if I'm in north
New York I nothing I can do to stop that
and so Bridget is not going to New York
now because Clyde there's like a
specialist that's gonna be in the area
and Clyde needs to see one so I might
have some bad news for Bridget I don't
think you put it together
but I'm gonna be in New York on your
birthday I come home Wednesday I come
home the 26th so unfortunately I'm not
gonna be here for your birthday so give
me a New York gift of course right now
me and Bill are watching Mad Max oh
sweet every time there's like a new
noise she like huh is it confusing you
don't know why they're in this world Oh
things are getting serious
she went from cute to serious in a
second so we're just chilling here
watching Mad Max I've never seen her
before
I've never seen any Mad Max oh this is
like a thing for me me and Belle what no
she's dumb well that's gonna be it for
today you guys just in your chili Bella
she's calmed down a little bit
we ended up turning off Mad Max I just
wasn't focused enough to pay attention
to it I don't know what was going the
one like I assume it's kind of movie I
got to watch to pay attention to you
when I'm watching it so I just had to
turn it off so that's gonna be it for
today you guys I went over to Dad's
house I checked out his finger tomorrow
I'm going back to his house for another
cookout might have a little bit of
surprise for you at the cookout tomorrow
we'll see how it goes
but anyway that's good what are you
doing is that your way of saying
something or time to put down the camera
I can tell that thanks for watching you
guys hope you liked the vlog like
subscribe favorite
there's no Bridget just me and Bella and
that's it
