what's going on you guys kid behind the
camera here put us right there and it's
time for another Twitter Q&A last night
I asked you guys to tweet me using the
hashtag asked pickleboy and once again
you went ham you went my meat ham cuz
I'm a pig
you're not that joke didn't work you're
so cute didn't work
you guys went crazy sending questions I
tried to get as many as I could a lot of
you guys favor to some questions that
you wanted to hear so I'm gonna answer
those so let's get started let's go to
the first question on your list so hey
we Gomez wants to know what is my real
job and have I ever stuttered on vlog
before I've never studied on video
before I have mentioned what I do I do
graphic design I work for a marketing
and branding agency based in New York
and that's what I do but I don't like to
talk about it because I don't want
people calling it up hey Oh pickle boy
said this and get him fired yeah I don't
want you fire I would I don't want to
get fired I'll do that Jack wants to
know if I'm ever going to a convention
where I can meet my fans um first of all
I don't like to refer you guys as fans
and I know I don't have a name for you
like people have you know peope single
little gherkins people have names for
the further fan base you know grandpa
calls his fans to youngins and you know
you got the peeps and you've got juggies
and I just don't have a name for you
guys you guys you know you guys that's
actually not even answering your
question though is it you actually asked
if I'm going to any conventions meet you
guys to meet you guys to meet my little
girl cams no no no I can't go with the
name for my the people that watch my
videos but am I ever going to go to a
convention I definitely plan on going to
VidCon next year for sure that's one of
the reasons I'm getting on this diet man
because for God's sakes I do not want to
be the 400-pound guy flying in a plane
and be the reason that they need to land
and
put more gas in the plant this thing is
going down out heavy this kid in the
first class mouth but Bridget can't work
the mouse no right now I have Bridget
copying links when will you marry
Bridget that is the next question
Jaimie Watkins wants to know never dull
I never won't even like maybe so today
you guys he told me he was like one day
I marry you babe one day never know one
day I said one day to shut you off do it
babe one day I don't have an answer so
Fabia wants to know why doesn't angry
grandpa
50 treat me like a son well because he's
not my dad angry grandpa 50 is not my
father
yeah I don't know that my dad is ding at
being a grandpa I learned who at angry
grandpa 50 years people tweet him and he
tweets and pretends to be dad which is
why we need to be verified if somebody
knows somebody at Twitter helped me get
verified but that's not my dad now if
you want to know what my dad doesn't
treat me like a son I don't know
he's ashamed of me I don't know he's an
asshole man love you dad final spoon
wants to know have I ever weighed less
than 200 pounds
no I was the only 200 pound baby ever
born Josh wants to know what is the
earliest memory that I have of angry
grandpa getting angry I have a vivid
memory and sometimes I feel like this is
my first memory ever we were at a church
try that Baptist Church and I remember
being in a car seat now in the green
family you don't ride in car seats past
3 so I had to be 1 or 2 right
but in my fucked up for thinking I
remember a memory that far back but I
remember I was at try that Baptist
Church I was in a car seat and I pulled
myself out of the car seat and dad I
remember dad looking at me Oh goddamn
little barrage to go out to coach G then
he proceeded to not give a fuck he
walked over there was a table with
concession stuff he bought himself some
egg rolls and forgot that I pulled
stuff out of the car seat I don't know
where I ended up after that probably
somebody's car
burrito says what would I do if somebody
ever offered me a TV show I would do
exactly what I did when somebody offered
me a TV show I rejected it
I was approached by a couple of
different networks a few years ago and
they wanted me to do a reality show
bring grandpa into the fold and do
reality show but they told me one I
would have to give up my youtube channel
and two I would have to start faking the
videos I don't do that to you guys I'm
not giving up YouTube you guys came
first and I'm not gonna start faking the
videos because that's not a very good
actor a lot of people say the videos are
fake anger grandpa's fake dad can't act
for shit man look at bag I try to do the
heavy are you tired again rained on and
I that took so long to get dad to do dad
you just walk out of your van with a bag
over your head I don't know what the
fuck to do dad can't act this is stupid
shit you ever had me do a mill good dad
mr. Cooper shit
so that's why I turned down a reality
show I was not gonna give up you guys I
was not gonna give up YouTube I was not
gonna give up my little girls no not
gherkins I was not prepared to give any
of that up you guys are way too
important to just drop because I want to
do a TV show fuck a reality show yeah
first off let me apologize that I don't
know how to pronounce your name f on um
Bridget told me to call you Neil he says
not hating but do you know wrestling's
fake
what
is he joking are you telling me Vince
McMahon didn't really kidnap his
daughter Stephanie and offer her soul to
the Undertaker
where we found out he was actually the
leader uh when you found out that yes
I'm very aware wrestling's not real you
obviously wrestling's not real that
doesn't mean you can enjoy it any less
now these guys get real injuries the you
know the damage done to their bodies
that stuff's real man you know it's not
like they're jumping up and down on a
bed or trampoline the ring is made of
wood and metal and you know it's not as
fake as people think
anytime somebody tells me the
wrestling's fake I always have the same
response
did you know Bryan Cranston didn't
really cook meth did you know there's
not a real zombie apocalypse going on
those are TV shows those aren't real
Andrew wants to know when am I and
mcjuggernuggets gonna get together and
do a video Jesse and I were supposed to
get together back when he was on his
vacation in North Carolina but a lot of
stuff happened we couldn't find the time
we were too far apart to go whenever we
get together I don't even know if we're
gonna film it the idea isn't to meet up
with each other and get a video out of
it we just want to you know get together
and compare perspectives because we got
such similar lives our dads hate us our
dads hate us and seriously our dad's
actually hate us too
Kayleigh wants to know am I still on
that diet you mean the one that I
started last night no Gavin wants to
know if I planned on being as successful
as I am at YouTube and did I expect it
first I don't really think I'm that
successful at YouTube
I admittedly I have got some subscribers
I've got a million on one channel going
on a million on another but it's not
like an idea that I measure success that
way I'm just putting my lives out there
for you guys and I'm you know it's
humbling that you actually want to watch
it I mean I didn't expect to get any
subscribers and the fact that that I
have almost a million today is just it's
it's amazing and I couldn't do it
without you guys and and something I
think to myself every day that I wake up
but wow I can't believe that so many
people care what I have to say
Edwyn wants to know did I ever get
bullied in school yeah a little bit
admittedly when you're fat and you're
poor and you stink and all of the other
horrible problems that I've got chances
are you get bullied in school a little
bit and it sucks nobody wants to get
bullied in school and getting bullied is
just I don't know it's it's one of those
things so I used to get bullied in
school and I used to bully in school
it's kind of it's kind of screwed up to
remember you know the thing is it's like
kill or be killed in school so I had to
use my humor to be the funny kid in
class so nobody would make fun of me and
at the same time you had to make fun of
other people so you can stay with your
group of friends and it sucks nobody
wants to live like that and I bullied
some kids when I was in school and I'm
totally ashamed about it and it's one of
those things where if you're bullying in
school right now if you're a halfway
decent person you're gonna regret it
down the line it's like I all the time I
try to look for some of these people on
Facebook so I can apologize because you
know Who am I to bring you down what
you're just trying to get yourself
through school so yes I was bullied yes
I bullied and it's if you bully stop now
because it's not it's not cool you know
it yeah you're you're cool for today but
somebody is going home crying because of
what you're saying so if you're bullying
just cut it out because it's not worth
it it's it's kind of shitty Tommy wants
to know what is the deal with the Taser
why does it scare me I think I may have
answered this before on video but I'm
gonna say it again because I don't
remember the deal with the Taser is when
I told you guys growing up dad used to
sell stuff at the flea market and tasers
were one of those things
he always had different shit to sell I
told you so porn once we sold weapons
peanuts one of the things dad sold or
taser guns and of course when you get
taser guns you play with taser guns so
dad had a little taser gun and we'd walk
around the house shocked in each other
all the time somebody watching TV making
food
so we always taste each other I usually
got tazed more than I was able to tase
and it sucked and hurt and I'm gonna
fear for them when I hear the noise I
get scared and I'm actually okay and
here we go this is the last question reg
it bring it on me baby what is the last
question Oh
call me baby Stephen wants to know does
it ever bother me when people tell me
angry grandpas fake let me tell you
something no not at all it's a guy who's
pissed off and he's breaking shit he's
treating his family like crap and I get
it I understand why people would want to
call it fake but it's not I wish
yeah I'm sure you do he only tried to
kick bridgett out of the house the first
let me met her it's like it's ridiculous
I grew up in this terribly dysfunctional
house dad was pissed off all the time
luckily he never struck us he never hit
us with any weapons or anything but it
ain't like you were any less afraid so
am I offended that people call the
videos fake of course not it's the
nature of doing videos on YouTube it
doesn't matter what you're doing
somebody's calling a fake
I'm sure there's fake calm and some
PewDiePie's videos and he's just playing
video games if you're gonna call this
video yeah how much did it cost to pay
the couch to be in your video I see the
comments I get it I know you know to me
that's that's just the thing that
happens on YouTube when you do a video
on YouTube no matter what it is it's
fake automatically like any video on
YouTube unless it's like a relatively
unknown video but if you got a video
with a lot of views somewhere in that
comment section somebody's calling it
fake I remember watching the
rebeccablack music video and somebody
posted fake in the comments what exactly
is fake about her music video
she's digital she's not even a real
person fake it comes with the territory
I'm never offended with somebody calls
effect just like I'm never fitted if you
call me fat because I am bad and it
doesn't it doesn't bother me because I
know I really don't know why it just
doesn't so anyway thanks for all the
questions that was the last one you guys
submitted so many questions it's crazy
I'm gonna keep answering some of your
questions on Twitter so if you want to
keep ass
oh ask pickleboy send me your questions
I'm gonna be answering them for the rest
of the night I'm gonna try there's so
many it's hard to keep up with it but
anyway thanks for watching you guys I
hope you enjoyed the video I hope I
answered one of your dying questions and
that's gonna be it like subscribe
favorite we didn't make the video
without Bridget interrupting but we
almost Portus not
