what's going on you guys keep your eye
on a camera here for us here today
behind my favorite camera I'm using the
other camera again today you just kissed
my chin I don't know like today is
Thursday which means today is throwback
Thursday which means I'm going to tell a
throwback Thursday story and the
throwback Thursday story I'm gonna tell
goes really far behind I'm talking one
of the oldest stories I've ever told on
throwback Thursday from two days ago a
lot of people have been asking me how
did grandpa cut his finger with a
chainsaw I'm gonna answer your question
tonight I'm gonna tell you guys what
happened had a grandpa cut his finger
for tomorrow I'm going to be doing a
little bit of Twitter Q&A by the end of
the vlog I'm gonna tell you how you
could submit your question that's gonna
be for tomorrow so in about a week I'm
gonna be in New York City for the
SummerSlam pay-per-view for those of you
who don't know what SummerSlam is that's
wrestling I'm a big wrestling nerd you
know that if you don't you know now the
pay-per-view is gonna be in Brooklyn so
we're gonna be chilling in Brooklyn
we're gonna be head into the city I
gotta check out the Statue of Liberty I
gotta check out strawberry field I got a
check out oh my god that macaroni please
I gotta check out the macaroni place I
probably won't try it there was this
place we saw in the Travel Channel that
sells Strictly macaroni and cheese I
don't know I might I want a cheesecake
from juniors there's also that peanut
butter and jelly please this is New York
City yes if you guys know any places
that I should check out when I'm in New
York City let us know in the comments
below I'll be checking them out tweet me
at lyric old rap Twitter below let me
know what I should be checking out while
I'm in the Big Apple
anyway these shadows in this sunlight is
driving me crazy
let's get this Thursday started
throwback style hey Bella
couldn't find Bella and there she was
over there messing with the air
conditioner maybe she's one that
destroyed it
you missed when I'm a New York City babe
you makes your grandpa can't come over
new toys there you go you sitting still
nope very wet I can't film him he's to
quit now ever since I got that tooth
pulled he's been faster than ever
Clyde forces his way him meanwhile Belle
don't want to do it come on Belle here
I'm gonna scare Bridgette what fuck her
so the other day I left my wrestlers at
the table and I came out and Felix
ripped xboxone head off and shooters arm
up to pieces and the head has been eaten
and the other wrestles I just don't know
where they are
Felix has done something with it but
look at this I can't even rip these
heads off
Clive where did Felix do with my Xbox
head dogs got good news is right find it
Oh nope yeah he can't have it
so Bella's just chillin her cage there's
something about English bulldogs when
they want to be left alone hey as long
as you have a little open cage it will
come in and it would just chill because
they don't like to be bothered anymore
it's all right Bella is that your way to
tell me to go away coz I will give me
your paw I'll go away you got it you are
now officially left alone enjoy your nap
I didn't go away did I
Oh Bridget is playing The Witcher right
now all right I'm sorry
don't alright ah don't taste me Michael
you like it too misty yeah yeah well
that's almost it for today you guys
thanks for watching but first I wanted
to tell my throwback Thursday sword
which goes way back to a few days ago so
everybody has been asking me how did
grandpa cut his finger what did it look
like what was it like and I will gladly
tell you because it it was fucked just a
quick warning
this story's disgusting I'd click the
like button and close the vlog of our
you so dad has been trying to do way too
much to that house I told him let's hire
somebody let's do it but he doesn't want
to listen to me dad wants to do
everything himself
so the chainsaw that he used to scare me
with he decided he wanted to cut some
trees down there was some trees in his
backyard I didn't want to go on so we
cut one of them down and then he was
trying to cut it into little sections so
we could put into his fireplace and I
guess he wasn't paying attention and he
would put his hand on a log and then he
goes to tell me something Margo give me
a good dream clarity mid-sentence me on
his thumb oh shit
he cuts the chainsaw off thank God he
cut it off I rushed over to him I don't
know what's going on I look at his thumb
and it is spraying blood it's it's
ridiculous it's like I can't even it was
like a syringe of blood dads call me
shit oh he looters mark and I could see
the tendons and his finger and the bone
and I could see how deep it went the
wound isn't just a straight cut it goes
into the thumb it looked like his finger
was dangling I look at it and I like I
said I can see the bone in the tendon
and it's just sitting there
if I pull it hard enough I could pull
his freaking
off Bridgette was just around the corner
she went to the gas station to get us
all something to drink so I told that
wrap it up Bridget will be here in like
30 seconds he wasn't having it
oh fuck turd I'm just gonna go mouthful
wraps it up in a shirt I just slapped
myself in the face when I did that he
wrapped his hand up in a shirt and he
drives himself we passed Bridget on the
way out of the neighborhood he's driving
down the street he swings off the shirt
and the blood is just drenched his arm
the blood squirts it was horrifying so
we get to nason medical center and
Nathan Medical Center I could describe
as a smaller Hospital if you don't want
to wait 9 hours to be seen it's also the
place that kicked me out of the place
because I didn't have my ID when my lip
was spraying blood and dad just goes
walleston into the doctor's office oh
shit I cut my finger with a chain fell
boom it was like the scene on home alone
when Kevin McCallister is about to buy
the toothbrush and old man Marley I was
that his name old man Marley when the
old man from home alone spits his hand
on the counter and it's covered in blood
and rags and shit
the first thing that the doctor does
when he sees dad's hand you should went
to the hospital what his dad's response
was you show me oh god damn it
the first thing that they did is they
took dad to the back so they can get
x-rays to see if he broke any bone if he
cut through anything important thank God
that he didn't so dad's getting shots in
his hand sitting there and each shot oh
shit Mike oh god damn I'm sitting here
thinking you just cut your finger nearly
off with a chainsaw and you're worried
about a needle to the hand according to
the doctor the chainsaw went right over
the bone it curved and then went down so
it was almost like he was going to cut
all the meat off and slide it off of his
finger rather than cut through the bone
so that's what looked like was dangling
though pretty much the meat of the thumb
was gonna slide right off the doctor
sewed grandpa's finger up and that was
that grandpa was saved almost cut his
thumb off because he was trying to cut
what in his back yard because he was
trying to do too much and we talking
about it I'm getting pissed off I got to
go to Dad's house to take his weapons
that's it yeah it's time to take those
weapons and that chainsaw you could even
look at it you like him most threw up in
the kitchen like I can today that I did
the open the kid something else cuz that
farted like seven times anyway long
story short grandpa called me later that
night and we're talking and he's
medicated
finger field dad OHA Straubing right now
but I've gotta tell you something Mike
I know what it feels like you cope with
a chain saw that's pretty cool no the
fuck it's not cool that is not cool it's
not cool oh I worked up a sweat telling
that story apologize everyone for
grossing them out my apologies if you
were grossed out but I did warn you
ahead of time that is a nasty story yeah
so anyway that's gonna be a free day you
guys I wanted to talk about when grandpa
cut his finger because we didn't dive
into it enough in the last vlog dad
didn't really dad was just out of it you
know I cut my thumb Michael shit and he
still don't care so tomorrow I'm gonna
be doing a little bit of Twitter Q&A for
my vlog and if you want to get in on
that use the hashtag as pickleboy and
you can talk to me on Twitter and also
use the hashtag and look at other
people's questions and maybe you'll see
something that you want me to answer
retweet it in favor and it'll be a top
tweet and maybe I'll use it so that's
what I'm doing tomorrow the hashtag you
can use is below you can all you can all
I cannot talk use the hashtag ass pickle
boy for a little bit of Twitter Q&A you
can tweet me but always use hashtag
asked pickle boy my hair is growing back
my beards going back I'm gonna look good
in New York thanks for watching you guys
like subscribe
no the video is not over with it is like
11:30 at night right now I was just
watching I was just on YouTube and I
just saw fouseytube
he's been tweeting about this he had
this 90 day transformation that it is
really inspiring to see it's that's all
I can say about it it's really inspiring
to see this dude it's not like he was
fat or anything before but the shape
he's in now and just 90 days is amazing
and I'm taking my ass jogging at 11:30
at night just fuck this shit I'm not
gonna do no Wednesday weigh-ins I'm not
but I'm gonna try to lose some fucking
weight starting today fuck this so 11:30
at night I hope a car doesn't hit me
because I can't hear with these earbuds
in so I just got back from the walk I
ran for some of it I jogged for some of
it I walk for some of it I'm just trying
to do what's right for me I'm not gonna
be doing an old video like I did last
time weigh-in Wednesday's just check in
on the progress in the vlogs see what
you guys think flavored water
ah so you know I don't know what it was
that video inspired me so now I gotta
lose some fucking weight tired of being
fat don't want to die of a heart attack
at 30 so let's lose some weight folks
not gonna be doing on vlogs like I did
last time with the Wednesday weigh-ins
and stuff but just check in on me
hopefully I'm still doing good and if I
let you down I apologize but wish me
luck
