what's going on you guys can't be out of
camera here and I'm cutting this intro
short because I got some karma to show
you oh I saw you already says I'm glad
what you want to say no karma baby it
exists it was not karma because it's
actually Karma that's her fault and I
got proof it's her fault
oh it ain't my fault you're the one who
bought a damn chainsaw well you should
take it fall so what we have here is the
resilient look yeah I see it what we
have here as a result of anger grandpa
nearly cutting his finger in half with a
chainsaw
you got dogs can't eat that meat I did
see it having hear more the doctor told
me I couldn't film this was all I was
able to get inside the art the office
well how do you feel other chains on now
I love it
still still I don't care you better have
a yes something on your face I probably
piece of bone or something no I mean
that feels good these just come to me so
the doctor said you don't want to film
video of me doing the stitches so I
wasn't allowed but you got stitches it
looked bad dude
everybody shut that Neiman with the cut
yeah he Jam dad's finger with a needle
like six times
let's shut up well I wish we could show
it however if you guys want to see it I
did take a picture of the stitches and
you go to my Twitter the link is below
tell you to look at it it's gruesome
warning why are you laughing
cuz it's karma not karma karma I you
didn't you found one to talk
karma karma karma karma karma chameleon
and Brigitte caused it all so grandpa
chainsaws his finger in half it was in
half dude it was did a bone like
Brigitte wouldn't look but I looked at
his finger and the bone I could see
white and I could see like tendon I'm
hurt now oh my god my friend this is
what you get for scaring me with a
change yeah I think karma said it was
worth but I'll do it again
I'm taking the chainsaw from no you're
not yes you are no yeah you're my kid
not my dad yeah you're gonna kill
yourself next time I don't put up with
it we're taking a grandpa deal with it
sorry y'all okay come on oh my god
instant smell Oh who's going J dad good
god you're gay bad wait
look out look how much of a rush Persia
was to get out of that sugar blind don't
you try J by J's off it's definitely
coming back buzz don't even try hit my
chainsaw
you can't know it oh my god you're not
taking my chainsaw I thought my chainsaw
we're taking a deer her name is pearl
hey sorry oh damn it so you throw over
for it stinks okay I'm gonna pour again
yeah please get out don't do it in there
please I gotta go but you're not taking
pearl understand we're takin whatever
the name is you're not kicking Pearl dad
you almost cut your finger in half okay
it was unearthed although she decided
taking the chase I'm taking it and one
9 what are you you don't deserve to have
it
you're not a late and I thought he'd say
your fault he named the chainsaw pearl
yeah ok but it is your fault you should
have bought it it's not my fault
y'all should've come on some stupid and
I ain't giving it up we're gonna take it
from you just so you know so you a few
days I'm taking never every weapon you
have in or out oh hey Oh No
we'll see you today we're taking it I'll
buy act it out you will see the app when
grandpa was here the kitchen was a wreck
and now that he's left the kitchen is
spotless thanks to me
what I cleaned it myself
what you're stuck you had you you're
gonna call you would call nine-one-one
to let you out caught his mama locks in
the bathroom
everything everything all right
do you really want to lock me in the
bathroom you know I'm trying there you
go
what I got you out you better not be
doing it what better be getting my damn
gonna this is that birthday oh it is
nope give me half okay so you shut out
I'm sorry
yeah so thought I don't have a better
day today better I can't even talk today
it looks like today's prank day again I
ask people on Twitter last night you
want me to do more prank days once a
month once a year what do you guys want
let us know in the comments if you like
prank - they want to see prank day
because of my pranks because they're
obviously the better ones click like if
you want to see pickle boy pranked so
anyway I mean I think prank days this
has been a shitty day because of dad I
still we need to go over there today
chainsaw I'm thinking about going over
to Dad's house and taking all of his
tools because he's been doing too much
yard work he he's IVA I told him let me
help you oh he said yesterday he wanted
my help but he won't accept that I came
over the other day
hi doctor she might put it down I don't
always over work on yourself like this
dude yeah you know got him the new house
and he just wants to make it look nice
he's been cutting trees and this changed
although it's Karma its car me you
shouldna pregnant with a chainsaw but
you almost cut your fucking finger off
dude this is not work
