what's going on you guys keep me on a
camera here and today is Saturday and I
wasn't gonna upload a vlog today and the
reason being is because all of the vlog
footage that I film has to be used for a
video that's going up tomorrow where
grandpa and Bridget pranked me but
rather than not upload anything at all I
thought I wouldn't upload something to
tell you guys what happened how horrible
my day was I had to give it to him it
wasn't it was a really good prank it was
good which means I got to prank them
just as hard back so anyway without
saying anything else let's go check out
the bedroom you can already see the
damage so we come into the bedroom and
this is what we are greeted with my bed
is totally jacked up let's take this up
a lot of these boards are just
completely broke oh yeah that the bed is
ruined so if you're wondering what
happened this morning grandpa and
Bridget decided to prank me they had a
nice little plan let's just check this
out
the chain you gotta take it off what the
chain you can't have the chain oh come
on you could take all the fun out of it
you gotta take off the tail all right
I'll take the chain off damn so grandpa
woke me up with a chain saw
dressed as Jason wearing overalls
screaming and it scared the shit out of
me I broke the bed now we don't have a
bed we're sleeping on the floor tonight
ha ha I don't know what footage is going
in the video what footage is for a vlog
for tomorrow so I'm just uploading a new
video starting right now showing you the
aftermath the prank update for a video
that's going up tomorrow that I'm kind
of embarrassed upload I'll be honest
I've been trying to get out of uploading
it all day because for one I'm so fat in
it that I break the bed that's
embarrassing
too because it's just embarrassing I
scream like a oh god I'm on the fence of
uploading it or not click like if you
want to see the video so this right here
is what we're left with I've been trying
to fix it all day but the boards won't
stay a lot of them are broken and
cracked and this is just crazy the
kicker is that he used my Jason mask my
Jason mask he used to prank me with
thank you very much dad there it is
the freakin Jason mask he decided to
wear grandpa donned this mask and woke
me up with it let me tell you something
it is genuinely terrifying to wake up to
grandpa wearing this mask with a chains
on your face genuinely terrifying I need
a friend can I get a Paul can I get a
Paul Bell I'm embarrassed about the
video thank you and as she slowly slides
how you feeling today bill her stomach
is looking better today oh okay let's
give you a belly rub huh it looks a
little bit better today though well
Bridget what is the update on lazy he is
doing so much better he doesn't look so
tired today
he looks jumping he's happy lazy feeling
better
yeah he was chasing the neighbor's dogs
today along the fence
did you hit grapple with the chainsaw
earlier I'm sorry to hit so if you guys
want to see this video first tomorrow
what we have here I'm open I'm open I've
opened the YouTube app on bridges phone
just subscribe to our updates look up
the end of grandpas show on the YouTube
app and you'll see it right here if you
look closely you can see a little bell
all you got to do is click that so
subscribe to our notifications on the
YouTube app tomorrow tonight so you can
be the first to know when we upload the
video you can be the first to call it
fake you can be the first to dislike it
you can be the first to say hey get
behind a camera you can be the first to
say first anyway I'm still angry
Bridgette's but it was good are you
jealous
that you thought of that no they have my
phone in your hand yeah because I gotta
use a freaking 5 my 5s does the same
thing yours does yeah well it's smaller
and shittier oh no it's actually a good
phone Elias I'm Joe so anyway that's
gonna be a fair to you guys I realized
it's a short video and I realized it's
gonna get a lot of dislikes for one not
using the video for two not uploading
the video yet that kind of stuff pisses
you guys off and rightfully so I
understand but the reason I didn't
upload it today is for one Bridgette
didn't even give me the other camera
there's two camera angles and because
she was afraid I was gonna delete the
video she's hid the camera I don't even
know where it is right now so I can't
even edit the video if I wanted to but
if you want to be the first to see it
sign up for notifications on the YouTube
app do for my channel as well if you
want to know when I upload a vlog cuz
I'm gonna upload all this stuff early
tomorrow it's not gonna be late I'm
embarrassed they got me good I gotta get
them back thanks for watching you guys I
know it's short I apologize but at least
you got to see some of the damage
like subscribe favorite and that's it
