what's going on you guys keep me on the
camera here nope
bridge was not here she's not talking
she's not within the kitchen though but
she's not here
bald fuck behind the camera here look at
this not wearing no hats you guys can
see me as my true goober self today is
Friday and today I told you guys only
telling a flashback Friday story talking
about the fact that grandpa was confused
by the 301 plus let me just take the bad
old grandpa just had no idea what 301
plus meant it confused them it kind of
pissed them off and I'm gonna talk about
that tonight and that's it that's all
I'm gonna be doing man my Friday's vlog
is gonna consist of this scene my story
in the end of the vlog anyway let's keep
this Friday started Clyde drinking water
so he'll how is it no so lazy had some
teeth pulled today
here's know what happened yeah in a
teeth-cleaning
you know teeth cleaning what is this
from an IV he had a little IV and now
he's like drunk or something oh I just
gave him his medicine too he hated it I
saw the pain in his face so lazy had a
dentist appointment said hey so what
does it look like in his mouth I'm gonna
look so poor little buddy he's sick we
got all the dogs and toys to play with
a lazy feel better buddy Belle was
playing with one of the new toys look up
this game doesn't get in her face she
like pretending about me daddy stays in
my face is what I'm gonna do to him
can't escape me Bella can escape me or
the camera
I think I'll be taking this from Bella
now no you have it he's yours those let
me trying to come into bed at night that
was like eating something imaginary so
last night Bridget and I went to the
movies
we wouldn't saw the gift which by the
way wasn't very good and I noticed while
we were watching the movie if there was
a cop watching the movie with us it was
a female cop and she was full and caught
gear and you know she had like a popcorn
and a soda occasionally I wonder like
props oh I didn't think anything of it I
don't know why a cop would be at the
movies with us watching you know the
gift but maybe she just maybe she just
got off she just likes movies and she
likes to watch him in her full police
gear so I didn't think anything of it we
watched it and now I find out today that
there was raised alertness a heightened
security for the movies this weekend
because there was like a threat or
something to Charleston Charleston goers
- movies I wouldn't have gone to the
movies if I knew there was a chance that
I would die at the movies I wouldn't be
going that but if that's the movie that
I died that I would be pissed that
that's a gift I wish I could return
because that is a movie I wish I didn't
go to because I'm sure some people will
like it but that's not the movie that
I'm cool with dying at them out you know
if it's Harry last Harry Potter maybe no
well movie is worthless no movie is
worth it
according to Brigitte some might be no
nothing is worth it like I wish I would
have known I was purchasing my tickets
yeah can I get two tickets to the gift
are you aware there's a heightened
security today because of death threats
in the movie theater I don't want you to
it so we just noticed that Bella has
some sort of skin problem here yeah poor
thing so we call the vet and we have
these wipes now they're Medicaid if a
sweet but they said it also works on
other parts of the body and to wiper
white wiper stomach with so here we go
so sorry Bella I think it tickles cuz
that's not even like an area that right
that's Rashed up more like a turntable
Oh give me a Paul little cry with his
little bare virgin looks like mr.
woodchuck from Full House
well that's almost gonna be it for today
you guys but first I wanted to tell you
guys the story that I had planned the
301 Plus story so for those of you who
don't know youtube has officially gotten
rid of 301 plus 301 plus would confuse a
lot of people I would see it in the
comments people wouldn't understand why
it's happening what was going on is
YouTube would freeze your views at 301
Plus that way they can take the time to
verify any views that are going through
so you can be sure that you're not
giving any robots or bullshit views
getting through and they would take time
to look at the IPS and all this stuff
and check everything and they wanted to
make sure that it was all correct
however 301 plus or something that would
even confuse grampa sometimes he
uploaded a video on his channel once and
he posted it on his Facebook and
somebody pointed out the fact that it
was 301 views and 1500 likes and he told
the guy told grandpa that I was doing
something I was cheating YouTube and
that it pissed her off
so dad comes to my house comes banging
on the door I let him man and grandpa
goes off on me this is before I started
doing daily vlog so I didn't film it or
anything so I didn't get it on video but
grandpa laid into my ass over 301 views
because he thought I was fucking people
over and I was cheating and whatever it
was he went 8
shit with this goddamn shit Michael they
said you got 1500 goddamn black shit 301
views what the fuck are you doing
no good dick licking mother dead dog
licking mother microwave eating son of
AB cheese and butter and crack a pickle
boy a bitch-ass mother and he was
furious over something that I had no
control over I tried to explain it to
him dad
that's 301 views it freezes you to was
filtering it out to make sure it's all
authentic and he wasn't having it so
rather than accepting it and
understanding it like a normal human
being
grandpa decides to grab my computer
which was turned on and look on it to
see what he's doing and he doesn't know
how to work a computer first of all so
he's banging on it which issue a moment
before he's closing windows he's opening
windows he's fucking he's fucking shut
up he's deleting files he's dragging
shit alright he messed my computer up
cuz he's banging the order trying to
figure something out so finally I showed
him if you upload a video not long after
it it's gonna get frozen at 301 views
every time YouTube is verifying things
so he left I don't think he ever trusted
me luckily we don't have to worry about
that anymore cuz u2 has gotten rid of
301 plus so anyway that's gonna be it
for today you guys thanks for watching
kind of a short vlog I just wanted to
tell the 301 story wanted to tell you
guys about the thing at the movies when
the police were there that's kind of
screwed up you know I'm gonna get out of
here I've been bald all day for you
didn't put on no hat ever or glasses I
don't think so anyway thanks for
watching you guys
Bridget is upstairs sleeping that's good
news like subscribe favorite add us on
Twitter below and that's it
