what's going on you guys get behind a
camera here kid in front of the door
here not doing the not doing the intro
outside because I was just out there
trying to do it and the cameras all
fogged up the shed I didn't do a vlog
yesterday because I was spending the day
trying to get in touch with grandpa he
doesn't want to talk to me I swung by
without the camera and he didn't want to
talk so I'm coming by today with the
camera and I'm gonna force him to I'm
pretty sure mom stop calling him I
talked to mom I said they came over here
and he threatened my TV stop calling
them I didn't ask her to call it wasn't
part of no prank
he called her with his number and she
has it and she called them anyway I
don't want to drag this out let's get
this blog started we're going to
Grandpa's house there he is
Oh God I came over yesterday you weren't
here
Kevin Keita mouth no your door was just
unlocked I've gotta start walking what
you making here the Getty sauce okay is
mom still calling you mother bugging the
cute she is not calling you again she
called do I at this point I don't even
know what to do because I told her not
to call no one would know you're talk to
her dude you go rule the day Ruthie well
do something to her not me
I think your party dad I'm trying to
think you're a part of it
I swear to God I called her you know
somebody you know
I swear on Bridget's life your dad no he
did tell her what I called her acid
please stop calling dad I've been on her
idea people oh she's texting you too now
yeah don't tell me it is is it you
should cut stop don't tell me I was her
let me see oh my god so right now dad
isn't the process of making garlic bread
ends because you want to go he's
forgetting tonight how does she know
you're making it but I told it's okay
you guys have done our very biggest
forget
tonight yes do you have a boat under the
bowl what you know exactly what whoa
what does that mean no so she'll have a
bowl your dick look who's after she's
get out of my head man well can I be for
dinner oh no I ain't feeding you
oh he's using he's using he knows we
dude look at this he knows I don't like
spaghetti noodles so he's using penne
okay listen I just got a bug up well I
talked to her so you can get off of my
back but you need to make her stop why
did you call it in the first place how
about that how about that for a question
we're gonna get to another argument I
don't want to do that till we Jenny my
phone number yeah we can't do the noodle
noodles of noodles so I think dad's
forgiven there's nothing to forgive me
for though I didn't do this hey man what
about didn't you tell me something if
you want to show me a room yeah well can
you show me there I can't put up with
this dude why would you see my room
come on just show it to me that's an AGP
dharmic yeah I see that coming to a tour
oh here you got there huh although I I
didn't see this when I walked in yeah oh
wow
who doesn't think I'm Sydney oh wow wow
I hope more people send pictures now
yeah hello interesting I'm hanging
that's when I got something with the UH
doctor yeah your YouTube we've got a
YouTube bitch okay so when we do Monday
mailbag again you may have some new
pictures I'm gonna buy a bar
a bar like actual bar and I have to a
bar put they were like three or four
stools yeah if we do mailbag money here
that's cool I love it very gives you are
cuter sideboards that was in my garage I
know right there too hard oh wait I
think I remember when you took bad yeah
that's right about friend John I even
got a pitch over you Wow that's my
favorite picture then I got me sure and
god I miss him I wish he could have seen
all of this yeah
even like this had a do Posner named
Anna be said he was trying to talk me
into getting one for a boy passed
there's a peepees I gotta get mom to see
this this 80 I'm joking
there's a gpk to get you a bar yeah I
want you have a bar to now yeah would
you put the bar right yeah I like it
how did we make that happen I gotta say
my buddy bottom line
we bought it about horse dude I got that
refrigerator either docking ring even
put next to it yeah figure others um
enthralling on let's get a thumbnail for
the pictures
well I'm leaving dad's I'm wearing this
and muscles put on my seat butter from
those was saying I'm wearing this
necklace because dad do you think he's
gonna like say I stole this from him he
gave it to me missing I bought this for
his you can wear it and then he kicks me
out of the house I can't read him
sometimes
oh boy huh so right now I'm cooking up a
little bit of dinner sliders I've made
them on video before but here we go I'm
gonna make them again I'm not gonna show
you how to make them cuz I've made them
before on video if you want to see it
the link is below but I will show you
the basics so there it is you can't have
anybody I apologize but this is enough
for dogs so I took some ground beef and
I stretched it across this pan and
causes like what is that so I stretched
it across this pan and inside it I mixed
a little bit of this onion soup mix salt
pepper and a little bit of peanut butter
I know if we were going like what's up
but so while it was cooking I saw that
it was almost done so I put cheese over
it now I can cut it into pieces and
serve it on a king's Hawaiian roll I got
a King's Hawaiian roll split down the
middle put the little burger on there
and you can add bacon you can add pickle
you can add mustard you can do whatever
you want I'm just gonna have it just
like this from now mmm
it's delicious taste the onion you taste
the cheese it's juicy that's that's
delicious the other day I asked my
Twitter audience to click like or no not
like favorite or retweet if they want me
to cut this off they want it gone so
it goes nothing can I do it
nope cuz I know you please holy shit
can't put a goatee here or how I never
seen this before cuz I never done it oh
that's what I look like with a goatee
dude it's really really funny
ah let me do it yeah cuz I can barely do
it myself I want to trust you you look
like a man yo what's up bitch I'm a man
of a man I'm a motherfucker
what a man what a man what am I good man
well you gonna cause me to close my face
so I'm not gonna cut my hair because I
don't wanna like I really kind of
expected it really soar through they
also expected let me do it what you're
not ready
oh come on what is going on Bridget come
on
oh shit no Bridget Michael look at this
guys it's plugged in oh no no oh my god
oh my god
Sophia this is the absolute oh my god
okay what about happen now what oh my
god you have to go to Walmart get new
hair no what do I get out of it you get
me not a bad mood no what do I get out
of it I'll do it
please I'm not coming either okay what
do I get
I'll clean the house no I want an hour
tuck in Oh God
and I would play Witcher and I go for my
man dad you said there's something over
here don't play with her yes
you look like boo oh my god or just be
blackballed stole my boom you'll hear
more like this a couple of throwback
Thursday stories ago I told you guys
about when I was on our old house we put
a drill to my head and I drilled my hair
out and I left a permanent patch of hair
missing from my hand but you couldn't
tell at the time when I told you when I
cut my hair you'd be able to tell check
this out it's right right there gosh
yeah I mean I can't believe you're alive
what I can't believe you're fucking
alive why that could have killed your
ass clean shaven pickle fuck behind a
dildo here you're so attractive
ha you're so hot
so anyway thanks for watching you guys I
didn't get time to get to my throwback
Thursday story and I begin right now
it's like going on 1 o'clock in the
morning and I got to give this vlog up
but I will tell it tomorrow
flashback Friday and it is about 301
plus I'm gonna talk about the fact that
YouTube got rid of the 301 Club
it's a story when Dad didn't understand
the 301 Plus Club himself yeah I'll tell
you guys tomorrow anyway thanks for
watching you guys hope you had a good
day I had a pretty good day grandpa gave
me this where is it this necklace kicked
me out of the picked me out of his house
right after but he showed me his room I
really loved the room and got my hair
cut and the hair clippers brujos yeah
you saw the vlog thanks for watching you
guys like subscribe favorite thing
follow us below regice regice for Jess I
was freezing
