what's going on you guys your old pal
mcjuggernuggets you 9it know what uh
Pete
why'd I start there that's not it either
jenna Marbles here I don't know she has
a signature sign on can't behind camera
here pipe I paint you I'm not unders you
- I'm not here those youtubers I thought
you are you got me so good today is
Monday and today is Monday that's it
nothing what do you think yeah thanks
for watching you guys it's in the vault
yeah all right
subscribe to us on Twitter below Mike no
I'm not pranking like subscribe favorite
dad's been driving me crazy to get him a
new phone I can't call nobody I need a
new goddamn phone too bad
keep using the tracfone you got now I'm
gonna get him a phone that's gonna be at
his house today come on I already got I
ordered it like the other night I
ordered it last night the 20 i overnight
delivery dad you got a new phone coming
so anyway let's get our Monday started
I'll buzz hit like subscribe favorite
again let's get the Monday started peeps
wait no so we're at Walmart right now
and I'm using the selfie stick in public
I'm using this an excuse to not help
with the bags obviously so here's all
the stuff well a little bit of stuff we
got we need a new silverware look how
far we had to park from this door
anytime we come to Walmart there's never
any where goods apart
it seems we gotta leave a trail of bread
crumbs to get back to the car because we
can't ever find it this took us about 10
minutes I'm sweating God Frank we got
new knives so imma get into the car now
that bridge is kerwin head and took care
of the bags at all she locked the door
on me
it's so fun to see people's faces
looking at a selfie stick because I got
a gun
what is that metal and black thing he
has in his hand yeah I'm gonna do that
yeah shit
selfie stick putting the buggy up
giveaway what is he doing over there I
don't care a vlog in public now that's
my thing
okay so right now we are trying to get
the silverware out of this freaking cam
'bridge box and dude this is like
stealing the Hope Diamond this is crazy
God dude you know it's easier time
hugging it out with Obama I think so you
know we had a whole bunch of silverware
and we don't have any now so we had to
buy more what happened to the silverware
I have no freaking idea like the only
thing I could think of as you throw it
away but I don't know why you would do
that I don't know I might throw
silverware way really all right you can
do it ah you've got this cuz I don't
have it we're gonna break our fucking
okay um each what warmer thing I always
just went thrown the trash we're gonna
get it I'm still pissed this is wild
fuck and I hate Canberra jh1 ma'am
honest rocket science
seriously nothing is maybe feel like a
bigger dumbass them Oh on the sides Oh
see it's still really hard though I mean
it's harder than it should be yeah yeah
oh god ah that was so fucking smart I
wash my hands at this thing this this
defeated me yeah this welcome to another
edition of pickle boys kitchen today
we're making country western burgers
again let's just go to the highlights I
don't know why I'm filming this but I am
don't ask me why I don't fucking know
why sweet little Bella with the winner
music in the background almost cinematic
okay I'll take it the clods over there
just drinking okay
see the camera Bella she keeps taking a
selfie stick you can't you can't have
the selfie stick oh my god okay Vera
these dogs just do not like it if we
have anything in the right Bella you
don't want me to have nothing do you no
you can't have it
no steer god brockless was a monster
watching Monday Night Raw Brock Lesnar
there's a food Paul him is talking okay
just a dad he's gonna blow like soon
what do you mean like you know how like
when he's about to really blow we can
always tell by the way he's like talking
to me and shed yeah yeah he got the
phone today and I guess mom's me call
him or something oh my god I don't know
I don't know if I don't know mom like is
taking this shit but I don't know what's
going on but mom's calling or calling
him and he's blowing out at me and he
was he was cussing me out first of all
you came over your mom good dude dude
he's gonna blow him oh my god so maybe
we should do that prank we were talking
to pumpkins I don't he's gonna fucking
blow well that's gonna be it for today
you guys thanks for watching made me a
burger watch some wrestling fool her out
the silverware for a little bit and it
defeated me the silverware defeated me
man that was ridiculous is it fogging up
to look that's silverware defeated me
man made me feel like less of a man and
I'm all man what's what's not cut I know
about that I'm all man I don't think
you're oh man
so went away thanks for watching you
guys good day I'm really enjoying using
the selfie stick I'm really enjoying
using the game so funny watching public
with it I now do
it's so cute though before we went to
Walmart tonight I was like shall we
bring the selfie stick and walk I was
like nope I using it I still have a
video of me saying goodbye to the old
tray but if you guys want to see it
click like and we will upload a new
bridges channel bridge we'll finally
have an upload just thanks for watching
you guys hope you had a great day hope
you enjoyed your Monday I sure enjoyed
mine I love Mondays I want to say I love
having my freaking hate mondays
today is Monday I enjoyed my Monday
thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe what's funny what's going on
it was just so funny like you're so I
was like so happy happy and positive on
Mondays and I get Monday I just like I
hate Monday Monday Monday
here enjoy your Monday subscribe let's
be honest I'm just mild cuz I got a
cheeseburger so like subscribe favorite
and that's it
peeps peeps oh now wait hello guys
