what's going on you guys keep me on a
camera here and today is Saturday
however you're not going to see this
until Sunday and the reason you're not
going to see it until Sunday which is
technically today while you're watching
it is because I'm pulling a prank on
anger grandpa and most of this vlog is
gonna have everything to do with the
prank and I'm not going to upload until
tomorrow which means I can't upload the
vlog until tomorrow
/ today so the other night my mom called
me and she asked me if I was coming over
to Dad's house Saturday because he had a
surprise mom is not good at pranking me
or lying
until I just said what's going on tell
me what's happening she said I'm not
gonna tell ya I pulled it out of her she
let me know that dad is gonna try to
tell me that he is dating mom again and
she's moving in and come on you didn't
think that would work did you so I
talked to mom and we're gonna flip it
dad wants to say he's dating grandma
well guess what you gonna be dating
grandma at least for today yes
okay Oh keep letting him think that he's
gonna prank me hype him up make a bigger
is gonna be good
hype him up be like oh we're gonna get
him
alright moms and dads and she's hyping
them up
dad's going dad's all cocky I can't we
good who's poking in is not quite well
it's all set up mom's at grandpa's house
I'm gonna be going over there soon I'm
about to record my intro for the video
I'm sure grandpa's recorded an intro for
the video here we go grandpa you getting
pranked I'm flipping them unless they
flipped it on me and I think I know
what's going on and I don't I got this
grandpa you getting pranked
dear mama has a Porsche consuming any
time she wants I'll be god damned hey
mom
Master you are you guys gonna go
skinny-dipping tonight or what there no
no you do go beyond the pool if I'm
yellow
boilerman I'm confused I thought you
guys were together we were looking for
grandpa's eyeglass lens because when he
jumped in here his glasses on girls
glasses on he had his phone in his
pocket
Oh JC found it Oh awesome
shit my glasses are gone my damn phone
dead let me try it off and see if and
get your phone working
right why'd I agree to mother fucker
ya ain't coming on yeah man your new
phone was all your fault
so no touchy hey she lives here to kill
of God yet there's no real motherfuckin
happen you better how you doing you
better when you leave dad I found out
you were pranking me so I flipped it
fuck
I am sorry about the phone oh I don't
want to go I thought I do a good lead
you know I know what my home yeah
why that goddamn brew your Jesus look at
you goddamn house Kip you do the shit
I'm not being paid to do that if you
make it a juv it'll pay
I found that you were pranked with I
told her to be extra sexual with you she
don't wanna do it you either what are
you doing
any regrets dad yeah yeah Barbie good
have you a wish
okay sugar brightening I love normal s
Jesus Christ dad here's a question dad
when you were praying to me why'd you if
you were trying to prank me why'd you
let it end so quick ah
you only praying it's like 30 seconds
you stopped when mom tried to grab I
don't know I was coming up with an
answer I think it's because mom tried to
hug you
I'll say you got a foosball table or a
hockey table yeah what about it so
you're just gonna shut yourself off now
yeah well I might to leave grandpa's
house
he's plenty pissed off you you're gonna
forgive me at all are you
here's the deal
you tried to prank me and then work well
when I burn your ass boy hear this mom
he's been threatening me say so I burned
my ass I am
what does that mean this is before too
much you've been saying this from your
baby's ass
what are you doing
but is that your impression with dirt
bike you bugged out
it is a lawn mower yeah a lot more yo
ass maybe finito ah mo mom she'll be
threatened by this never know it him oh
how are you saying oh and I got to ask
cut your ass boy what take your ass I'm
calling the police fucking prove it it's
ready on camera
I do I do
