what's going on you guys kid in a hot
house wearing the same finn b√°lor shirt
holding a selfie stick who's pissed off
behind a camera here we're just here
really pissed so yesterday we got our
air conditioning fixed hallelujah it was
cool again and today we woke up and it
was out again it was 80 freakin degrees
in here I was sweating I don't like to
sweat so now I'm really starting to
think grandpa has something to do with
it so today that's what I'm doing it
today is Friday and folks today I'm
confronting doubt about with my
air conditioner yeah I was gonna say if
he didn't do it I can he did do it
he definitely did it Michael I had a
change out of this Finn Balor shirt I
needed something to put on I'm walking
run all day without any clothes alone so
I just grabbed some clothes off the
floor this was some ain't washed yet
it's time to change something funny over
looks really bad at me I gotta so
everyone okay yeah yes everyone
oh my god so right now we're recording a
dr. pepper bottle using that focus
effect where it blows everything in the
background like okay background dr.
pepper that is so neat it really makes
it pop so right now we're gonna be on
our way to grandpa's house we're gonna
freakin confront him I've been faking on
it I'm wearing the watch dad gave me as
a lucky charm
I really hope I've been wearing a lately
you know I like sentimental stuff like
this so I've been wearing the watch but
still I'm pissed off dad I'm on the way
I'm gonna confront you and ask you why
you broke my air conditioner cuz two
days in a row
oh yeah like really unless you did it no
why would I do that
dad I got my eye on you become afraid
grandpa dolls are very stupidly
I got my eye on you okay I got a problem
your plan it worked like a charm
okay the plan will you destroy my
frickin AC unit
wait am i number one I don't put I know
your throat how would I know you never
call me you destroyed it I tried calling
you today oh no I'm pretty sure I called
um I called you yesterday we talked to
you oh I don't know I think it you your
sister gotta get you up there could give
you pretend all you want I recorded it I
recorded our conversation it's on my
floor then if I wanna remember that how
do I remember making you look at
everything that that gave pose I didn't
do it oh yeah that's how Court works I
didn't do it boom I didn't do it we fix
it please I didn't do it all you do is
reverse what you did to him I didn't do
it everything I did I do and I didn't I
didn't do it you didn't could've given
me okay if you don't want to fix it at
least apologize for put mine me I'm
telling you I didn't do it can you but I
can do it I didn't do it I didn't do it
I didn't get pissing me off
calm down with all that give in yeah you
did it
shut up you pissing me off if I do it I
get you I did it I know dad after you
leave
a drink keep it there first what get
there first
come on if you say you get a drink
goddamn we think I am we don't have
going top to drink hot are you put of it
oh I could you don't why do you bother
well I just did I didn't put no fun I
didn't put anything up there here's the
deal bad until I'm replenished with a
few hundred all had to give the
air-conditioning guy I'll consider that
my fifties you don't get carded you
refusing me I didn't touch your
Eric Mitchell yeah you did I did not
touch your air-conditioner man swear to
God I would do it of you you can't do it
hey I might goddamn freak appeal for I
might break the TV but I ain't gonna
make you die Heat
I wouldn't wanna die I didn't do that
you know what it you definitely didn't
how did I do it I don't know you're the
AC guy I'm not that was years ago on the
forgot on it you oh now I know we did it
confirmed because you ain't forgot
nothing cuz I did not take get dick up
toughen hear me it's only something cool
brisk I'm gonna feel that soul it's very
cold
excuse me a bring you extra just
one more time I'll please wait I've
always heard an old saying it's very
true if a guy do time I'm gonna do the
crime you did it though that you'll give
you to me and I'm going to break it for
real
Scott okay can you cop can you come look
at it what am I gonna do with it hey
buddy I thought you gonna go to pick
okay but when he came over yesterday and
fix oh yeah come back today to fix it so
if it's not fixed tomorrow can you come
look oh my god you got the sorry goddamn
people we're gonna make it can you at
least come look at it tomorrow
yeah come look at it man god damn
sledgehammer woman no you can't come
over don't slam that nowhere that's my
air conditioner repair job cool come on
so just now grandpa and I gave our
thoughts on the death of rowdy Piper of
dad wants me to put it on his channel so
that's what I'm gonna do grandpa's
corner tonight check it out our thoughts
of one Roddy Piper so I'm just chilling
here at grandpa's house what it's a
selfie stick
are you sure you're not searching for
God metal here you want to use it look
at Miller with cheddar
check it out if you're far away
oh my god I think of my pool oh you'll
see the new camera I don't think I've
ever gotten to show the dogs in full HD
before oh you see in it
bye oh why do you guys want this so bad
I just wanna get a shot of bet off I
can't get a shot of Bella sitting still
get in there five you can do it there
you Belle don't know how to figure it
out though well it just got back in
Grandpa's house training what do you
think do you think you did it or not I I
can't tell I can't even I didn't want to
grow him on it too bad because of the
Roddy Piper stuff because that was a
huge Roddy Piper fan and I didn't want
to grill them but I think you did it
okay there buddy I'm filming you with a
selfie stick fellas like why aren't you
filming me to sort of seems like look
how pretty you are at HD Bella nope you
taking the puppy stick Bella hey Felix
is a selfie stick well that's gonna be
it for today you guys kinda hop on out
of here thanks for watching the vlog I
don't know if that did it or not right
now seems to be working with getting
pretty cool in there it seems like it
might finally be fixed Wow I'll wake up
tomorrow and it's hot I blame dad and
dad I'm gonna tear up your air
conditioner I don't know how I do it
imma cut wires
I might permanently up cuz I
don't know how what I'm doing Oh anyway
I'm gonna get out of here thanks for
watching you guys if you want to see the
blog grandpa and I cut about
you ready Piper link is below rest in
peace it's a big loss to the wrestling
community so anyway thanks for watching
you guys hope you enjoyed the vlog gonna
get out of here gonna watch some TV
gonna be back tomorrow I think I'm going
back to Grandpa's house tomorrow I'm
definitely going back to grandpa's house
tomorrow if my air conditioning doesn't
work so thanks for watching you guys
like Bridget subscribe favorite
following everything don't do it mmm
