what's going on guys for just he are and
today Michael is taking a shower in his
clothes because there's no a/c what are
you doing
what come with it don't film this
Bridget I like came in here joking to
fuck with you and you're actually like
enclosed taking a shower
um the one is hot oh my god
what it do first you funky carb but you
know what good please get out now
number one I want to be drowned what
happened to the air condition I don't
know number two I'm gonna call that
about this later
why are you in your clothes why are you
throwing me like this it's funny for one
I don't be completely naked with cold
water running all over my fucking body
too if I swimming if I going for a swim
you go swimming naked so how this feels
fine and when I get out ahh oh not your
joke Oh
that's gold right no cuz I mean cold
water right now so I don't give a shit
yeah but cold clothes always make it
worse seriously have you called anybody
about this fucking air conditioning I
did well you need to fucking figure it
out who'd you call call a business or
did you call you should probably go over
to your dad's address it and jump on
this pull through that hot okay but that
doesn't know this was kind of done shut
up that's probably a better idea yeah
because you know he's gonna be pissed
off either way and you just jumped in
his pool
the hell with grandpa we can't go
anywhere cuz you have somebody coming
over to fix it so so what am I supposed
to do
why do you skin the bathtub then like
I'm not gonna have you calling me stupid
now I won't put up with it you can turn
the camera Kylie runs in there I'm not
using the footage I added this you're
not using the Jose and me in the shower
but thank God wasn't naked cuz you came
in to film me if I was Nathan you better
get out of here now what's going on you
guys
pipian a selfie stick here
just here that's right Bridgette Wes
here and today I am once again working
on the digital camera just to try to see
if you guys like the quality see if I
can fix the shaking and today and
attempt to combat the shaking I'm using
a selfie stick it's so adorable I know I
could you guys walk it on a public with
this thing
no got the air conditioner fixed we got
someone that came out and they worked on
it I swear to God dad had something to
do with it though - so dad had that's
what he meant when he said he's gonna
burn my ass I thank you right okay
you've just confirmed that that's not
what it was you have completely
confirmed it so you're anyway bridges in
on a prank to burn my hand
dad I'm gonna get to the bottom of this
and figure out one why you did it
- why you did it in three why you did it
I don't know I did it if you guys are
wondering why I'm blaming grandpa on
this whole air-conditioning thing it's
because this is what he used to do when
he was younger when he was we had a job
back in the day he would work on air
conditioning units he knows about them
he knows how to sabotage them he fucked
it up I know it was you we had to take
the dogs to bridges mom's house to cool
down because I'm so fucking hot in here
and I swear dad had something to do with
it hey check it out Bridget how did your
arm do that
Christopher London here shout-out to
Chris London who is actually this moment
like this one is like when me Crusaders
are talking jailhouse what you up to
Chris not much man just sort of chilling
playing basketball yeah oh my god
man you one tall mother so anyway
today's Thursday
I got a horror blog I got a throwback
Thursday story I got some air
conditioning finally and I would say
let's get the vlog started but we're
already a couple of minutes in because
birds I had to film me whatever
let's get today started okay I can look
into it already and tell I've got the
shirt I've got the figure what the hell
so first the figure I just got another
Buffy the Vampire Slayer
spike popped away was it from horror
block or something else
Oh usually they email me if they're
gonna have a duplicate and I'll be able
to choose if I won or not they sent me
another 88 miles per hour sure awesome
so I was gonna be mad and toss off
second sure option so let's just miles
gonna get the shot out of the way cuz
there's only one more thing in there it
looks like I don't know what this is but
it's crazy sick look I want to wear it
that thing is nuts I love it next a DVD
choose their kill season one horror blog
presents
with Eli Roth I don't know what this is
it's like a DVD where you choose how
they died in it or something it's kind
of cool
next up is a Walking Dead decal nice I
know where we would put it looks like
this part peels off you could put it
somewhere that's pretty cool room orb
magazine
well the nice advertisement for the new
sinister on the back oh my god I can't
wait to see that a lot of cool stuff
actually well that's horrible walk I
tried to make it short for you guys this
week I didn't try to make it short it
was just metal just wasn't them I can't
talk it just wasn't very much stuff in
the box today
I can't leeteuk tours horror block yeah
I missed out on last October's wrong I
know okay so I promised you guys I would
show you the selfie stick actually I
didn't promise it I don't think I said
anything about it but I'm gonna show it
to you anyway we're in the bathroom
and here it is can I show it and here it
is here is pickleboy selfie stick I can
also put a towel in the back of it and
use it to clean my skin I can't
ah so there it is there's the selfie
stick I hope the shaking is good I hope
because you wouldn't answer when I
called you on my phone I think old
movies music all you want Bridget the
only time you answer me is if I call you
and Bridget now which makes me think you
guys guys guys up okay if you didn't do
it it's a hell of a coincidence yes air
conditioners go I realize that but you
said you were going to burn my ass and
you burned my ass
I'm just looking at bridgett she's
holding a selfie stick I do not have
time to explain to you what a selfie
stick is well that's going to be almost
it for today but I wanted to tell you
guys a quick throwbackthursday story not
going to be a very long one but I
thought I would tell a story that
coincides with the fact that grandpa
used to be an AC repairman
so back in the day grandpa worked on the
a/c units at an apartment complex and
really it's what he's done all of his
life he knows air conditioners if
something goes wrong with ours he knows
how to fix it he knows what he's doing
good for him which is why I blame him
for breaking my a/c today it could have
been something else I'm thinking not so
I was about four years old I didn't have
school yet
mom was gone for the day and dad had
nobody to watch me so he had to take me
with him to go fix an AC unit at an
apartment now Kim has told a very
similar story when it comes to when he
worked for Circuit City if you want to
hear that link is below
so dad took me with him to an apartment
so we can work on the air conditioning
unit and dad's in there he sweating okay
Mitch hot as fuck in here Mike oh
there's tuition the fridge so dad opens
up the fridge and he takes out a Pepsi
hands it to me takes out a beer hands
into him drinks one of their fucking
beers and then he sees them they have
lots of stuff oh god here we go to make
a good sandwich here dad takes out the
Bologna dad takes out the cheese that
takes out the mustard goes in the
cabinets pulls out of bread and he makes
sandwiches we're not in our house we're
at somebody else's apartment and he's
making us their food and he's drinking
their dreams this right here is why I
got to be home when someone's coming to
my house to fix something I'm gonna be
there cuz I've seen some shit man I seen
some shit those apartment people I don't
I don't know if it's changed now but we
was eating their food so we're sitting
there on the couch eating a bologna and
cheese sandwich dad's fixed the air
conditioner he's going to tell him it
took an hour when it took 10 minutes now
we're watching TV because they had cable
and we didn't so we're enjoying cable
for the first time movie shit Michael
Ghostbusters on HBO
damn I see this one yet about that time
we hear keys in the front door and
here delayed like oh shit to help we
rush over to the trash can
grandpa throws away the sandwich I throw
my sandwich away throws the drinks away
and he rushes over to the thing before
she can get in the house and pretend
that he was just finishing with her air
conditioning and that's the story I just
wanted to tell you the kind of air
conditioning repairman grandpa was we
ate two bitches food we drank the
bitches drinks we watch the bitches TV
I'm sorry for calling you a bitch ma'am
and that said I just want to tell a
quick story what it was like when
grandpa was a repairman because he's
done it before
tim has a story where I think it was
Christmas and they had a tray of lunch
meats I think they were out for a
funeral or something
I don't know but check it out Kim
stories below it's very similar to my
story grandpa must have to know that all
the time makes me think how much food
did grandpa eat when we weren't there
like those are two incidences that we
went to work with him how much people
how many did dad told me once I heat up
a frozen dinner like one of those
banquet dinners what the hell dude
anyway that's what I wanted to tell you
guys today I hope you like the vibe I
hope the shaking was steady on this I'm
using a selfie stick so I don't know how
much I can control the shaking but if it
was good hey let me know on Twitter
which camera you prefer and I'm gonna
get out of here follow us on everything
no Bridget no yacht
I said no Bridget there is Bridget
there's a Bridget here following
everything follow us on Twitter below
check us out thanks for watching you
guys just for just for just so on behalf
of pickleboy Bridget west and
Christopher London oh shit
