what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here but just here and you're
probably noticing by the quality of the
camera or the shaking or the
out-of-focus NISS that I'm using a
different camera and I hate the camera
this is a camera that Bridgette hates to
use it's more of a traditional vlogging
camera so I've been wanting to try it
out I want to see what it's like
I got it months ago and I haven't been
using it so I'm trying it out today and
my ma mo on me yeah I hate it though
typical vlog camera trying it out today
we're going over to grandpa's house
and I don't know what else we're doing
but at the camera shakes or it looks bad
or anything I won't use it tomorrow
I can feel a shaking them try both hands
so what do you want lowers it nothing I
just think your your fingers are over
the microphone I'm watching it or not
so I'm trying this camera out today all
right I don't know if it's going to be
shaky if it is my apologies I'm trying
it out today though so today is Tuesday
and we're getting our Tuesday started
new vlog camera style uh-huh I don't
know how I feel about that there but is
there now can't come off so cool you got
it lit up yeah
vintage Pepsi machine let's do whatever
that is torn
I want to show the real thing what's the
where is that which one is it give that
leave this Bridget look who came out
beer Miller Lite
so grandpa's got a drink machine now
branded grandpa's army I really like the
old vintage Pepsi look you know every
now I get it restored oh yeah I agree we
gotta get a thick so we do got to get it
working a little bit better there's some
problems with it these don't all work
and you got to hold it a little bit for
it to come out so we're going to bring
somebody out to restore it
grandpa's word is you know is it really
yeah poor do go get a nickel-plated look
at me let me go sleep again Wow pull
pull tab pick up full cabs
that's amazing I really like it I've
always wanted to have a drink machine
and here it is it was a hustler
oh I cannot play good I'll be bald man
I was born with never getting blown up
Oh
oh my god Michael I don't want to hear
uh-oh
I just said him up that's it
course you can make it man I hope he
loses over scratches oh shit
well we're leaving Walmart Michael I
don't know how to control this thing
come on heads my shit we're leaving
Walmart right now and we're making the
food that we made with Kim on the on the
video on Kim's Channel pick a boy was
the pick was a terrible cook
yeah whatever it was oh she made buffalo
chicken dip and chicken and I'll cut the
shit that's what we're doing we're gonna
make it so chicken I recording it yeah
okay can we use the other camera up all
the cool hmm you're the one making the
buffalo chicken dip anyway that's true
so got enough to make buffalo chicken we
got to get the recipe from Kim cuz I
don't want to use it you're like two
bottles of hot sauce and I don't know
what that yeah I was they're not gonna
use Bo
I just don't know this to use arguin
bottle we'll see what am i kidding
where's I think I might be a little too
high Jim we're cooking the cream cheese
for this chicken wing dip do cuoco and
hi
so you want to start stirring vigorously
very well occasionally stir just keep
stirring it so right now we are making
the recipe for Kim's chicken wing bit
that she's made on video before if you
haven't seen it click the link below
check it out and we are trying our best
at it probably burn from one side of
cooking okay Kim
so we keep starting this until it's
really thin right so nice and smooth
Brigitte which we're doing it blowing
slow I like that yeah we have already
peeled the breasts of a rotisserie
chicken and we've added cheese to it and
so when this is pretty thin and we add
the hot sauce mixture we're going to
pour it over that and then we're going
to bake it in the oven Kim
did you cover it in cheese before you
baked it okay she doesn't do that
version okay now we are adding hot sauce
okay gee-whiz Brigitte what you added
more than half that's the point it'll be
extra spicy now I'm not gonna eat it it
will not be okay so now we're pouring
this mixture over the chicken and the
cheese they're all ones / - let's start
over okay now we just get it in here
yeah nice
right here I have the chicken so seeing
that I'm going to fry up for tonight
take a look at that see it if you want
to see how to do this check out the
video below my sister makes it and you
can check it out but you'll see it again
in a few minutes when I start frying up
the chicken already this house is fucked
I'm gonna try to clean this up a little
bit that eels gives you the beat of the
drop inside flies by my face if I get my
- table and I wanna
I don't know why a bank okay spread out
all over the door
but I mama bad my mind is racing but my
brain is dead
I've got no remorse okay so earlier I
put the chicken mixed with water and
left these spices and I put it in there
and it's been sitting in this thick
mixture for a few hours now I'm going to
take the pieces of chicken and put them
in dry mixture so we got the chicken
cooking and this is what it's going to
look like afterwards also we took the
dip out so there's that there's the
chicken well we got done eating and now
I'm filming inside the oven and I
realized when we were making this we
didn't tell you the dressing it would
put in there so that was blue cheese
dressing that went into that so it was
cream cheese blue cheese cheese chicken
hot sauce baked and that I think I
covered so anyway turned out great
absolutely delicious Kim I think it
turned out better than yours
just kidding well that's gonna be it for
today you guys did you have anything to
say now hold on keep me on the camera
here fridge of us hey I'm an excuse to
jump into the shot so that's it for the
video for today let me know what you
guys think about this camera do you
prefer this camera for the other cameo
day before the other one please you know
they're gonna choose this one now just
because you said wait cut that and then
take anything in fact I love this camera
so much pick this one let me know on
Twitter would you guys think which
camera should continue using if you
choose this one I'm not gonna use it all
the time cuz I'm still getting used to
it myself I hate it I hate it but I will
try it more if you guys like it
so let me guys let me know what let me
guys know let me know which what you
guys think chicken tenders work chicken
wing dip was oh yeah it was also good ha
great day went to Grandpa's house played
some pool made some chicken wing bit
made some chicken tenders hey you gotta
pay for him drinks I'll get to the
bottom of that so yeah screw that
yeah I'm really gonna pay for my own
drink bring
my own drinks add us on Twitter below
just let us know what you guys think on
Twitter about a new camera and that's it
thanks for watching you guys
like subscribe favorite someone
everything I don't know how the shaking
is don't mess with this
