what's going on you guys keep me on a
camera here
I'm Monday mailbag ah man were you now
now that you've said you've opened a can
of worms and now you're gonna have to
talk about when we're gonna do it again
it's something that I wanted to talk to
you about anyway Monday male Baghdad oh
that's what you want to I thought you
were tell about the birds bees no I
figured that one out of my own that's a
problem it may be I might be doing it
wrong
hey are you holding your tongue right so
that what you do you hold to the side
get out that social side and bite down
and that's what gives them the and yeah
you Telegraph so people might ask me all
the time and I don't know how to answer
them when does Monday mail back come
back
we need to start doing that again
because I'm just my young as I problem
with it though was it was every weekend
it was just too much the way I you know
because I have a job outside of all this
and I couldn't find the time even on
Saturday Sunday or Monday to record it I
know and when I'm not recording Monday
mailbag you're flipping out about
something so I didn't have much time
whoa batwing me I'm flipping out about
something I've never flipped out hello
two days ago you threw us out of your
house after a surprise but Jesus Christ
you there every day yeah and then here
we are driving off together I know in
that amazing are you happy then show up
for some dinner yesterday what so are
you happy and enjoy all types wrong I'm
trying to figure out where I'm going
mine by the way right now we are on our
way to look at a drink machine for
grandpa's backyard yeah you got money to
put in it
no nothing you ain't get no drink then
you can turn around we're not getting
how about that's fine I'm just joking
get to the place okay about Monday
mailbag what would you say
if we did it by weekly I'd go alone
actually I know they do you don't
usually bother me
there's no no time to do everybody
video shut up bitch I know where I'm
going now thing
so we couldn't get to everybody a lot of
people get mad because we wouldn't read
their letters but there were so many and
that was another problem because there
was so many it was until a little time
you know but we're gonna do it by weekly
starting next month what do you think my
next month so if you want to send us a
letter the peel box is below
that's right below
but hey let's go be by the pool if
anybody knows how to change these let us
know if you want have to I gotta put one
says Budweiser I want to keep the
vintage Pepsi logo
oh yeah and the shove it up that's why I
like this one because it's been about
you we got to keep the Mountain Dew and
about the pecker white hotter paraffin
always have I always have anyway next
time you see this will be on my patio
and you better bring your change
I'm not paying for a drink you go you'll
get a drink you go pay telling you now I
won't pay a cent plus you won't get a
drink you gonna pay
I was like here man oh no I keep the key
DDP dude uh I don't want buying all
these I don't have a wrestling ring
I know but start us Oh what you have
star does I don't have star dust
oh oh oh oh go just block to you right
yes he did here he is
well don't buy him dude I don't want to
buy so many but I don't have these oh my
god dude are you serious yes I'm serious
oh my god well this is quite detached
today oh my god that's pretty funny
how should I go I've got just trying to
get more comfortable vlogging in public
it's amazing that I'm still staring at
you right here do you I'm just people a
lot of people what the hell's he doing
so just got it just got a big rack of
wrestling a man just got a bunch of
wrestlers Pete everyone is seriously
looking at me this is so bizarre welcome
welcome to the world of frozen beans
crust what the heck people put cheese in
the crust of pizza that's brand new
hmm that doesn't exist until now it
doesn't I don't know okay which means
should I get
our beauty hunting hit me up and they're
late one was redo the skit
so the other night I had people telling
me they enjoyed it when they saw me
cooking the hamburgers the delicious
progress I made the other night so today
I'm going to do it again with grilled
chicken sandwiches
so right here I'm making some fresh
guacamole got some fresh onion fresh
tomato fresh chopped up avocado a little
bit of salt and pepper and some lemon
juice we're going to add right now not
much each one a little bit and we just
are mixing this together cuz I'm gonna
have cuacamole on my chicken sandwich I
got some fries going now I'm gonna go
ahead and add my first chicken lay right
down then add my second then I salt and
pepper it this I'm using my little
Corvette pac-man if you have red wine
vinegar it's nice to give it a nice
little drizzle I thought we had it we
don't not much red wine vinegar if you
have it just a little bit over for
flavor I don't have any we usually
always happen
okay I got the chicken sandwich with a
little bit of provolone cheese bacon and
some fresh guacamole
now you can go like this you can add
honey mustard if you want or like I'm
about to add some crunchy water as damn
likes to put it same drops top it off on
an onion roll and there you have it now
for a wrestle crate these are my
favorite crates I get every month now
shirt goes aside okay I just bought this
one today the figure I just thought okay
first we got a Ring of Honor
all-star extravaganza DVD as you can see
you've got Kevin Owens on it well wrong
guy huh
Kevin Owens is on this okay
next up is we have access to czw studios
it's kind of like the W Network for CCW
I think I get a free month next up is
something that I bought tonight at
Target a brand new Bray Wyatt action
figure
that's so funny I'm crazy that I bought
this tonight I know right now I got two
of them they can be the Wyatt twins yeah
looks like a poster for Tommy dreamers
House of hardcore promotion which is
also known as ECW light we have another
exclusive little lithograph this one
with Kevin Owens nice and an autograph
from the man-beast Rhino door door nice
point this is a Jushin Thunder liger
shirt I like the way I'm looking gray
let's try this out come on oh my god
let's do that ish measure prank
good Hank I didn't really do that
it was Phil's trick editing magic well
that's gonna be a free day you guys
thanks for watching
went with Grandpa earlier and I got a
Pepsi machine we discussed bringing back
Monday mailbag I went to Target I bought
wrestling action figures I got frozen
pizza I made a chicken sandwich I
watched wrestling I've done a lot I
opened up a wrestle crate I did a ton of
shit today pretty good day I don't know
about you but I think that nodding smile
that I was just doing was a little on
the creepy side let's look at that again
hey yeah that's creepy
anyway thanks for watching you guys hope
you enjoyed the vlog tried to make this
one a little bit longer for you guys
hope you enjoyed it like subscribe
favorite add me and Bridget orange water
below I'm not I'm ahead to the beat of
the crickets and that's it thanks for
watching you guys like subscribe
favorite Bridget west and that's it
