what's going on you guys get me on a
camera here which is here right there
and today is Monday and today I wanted
to do something very different with the
vlog
you know since grandpa passed I've just
been going over file after file after
file after file that he left and it's
been really hard to do but it's also
been really fun to do because I've been
able to see videos that even I didn't
know exist and today I'm going to give
you guys one of those videos you know I
have these and it's like there's another
six more of these by the way and they're
all filled with terabytes of videos like
this 2013 Halloween slash extra 2012
2015 dad's files extras 2013 2015 2016
I've got so many old files on here and
all the others that it's unbelievable
and while I've been going through them
I've been talking to Jacob who's been
going through something himself and he
was telling me that in one of the videos
that he'd really like to see him and
grandpa went traveling around down
memory lane seeing where he used to live
and talking about old girlfriends and I
was looking for the video for him
because he really wanted to see it and I
found it and as a surprise for Jacob and
you guys I wanted to show you this video
because it's really sad number one they
were so happy and Jacob was - dad what I
used to be - dad not that mine and dad's
relationship changed it just evolved and
dad needed a sidekick
and that was Jacob and I was going
through the files and I found it so
Jacob I love you this is for you this
was your vlog with pop with grandpa I
hope you guys enjoyed this is one of the
many files that I wanted to share with
you
and I wasn't gonna ever upload this on
the main channel and I don't want it to
ever not be seen so this is for you guys
I love you guys hope you enjoy a grandpa
secret vlog with Jacob okay need Jacob
we're going yard saleing this morning so
what do you do like going yard sale I
know which neighborhood Ridge
neighborhood white rich neighborhood
because they have better stuff better
stuff yes you did this other shit cheap
yes so I gotta buy you something yeah
what I got by you I don't know yet you
don't know yet
are you gonna make me buy you something
yeah liar I know you'll make me spend
money on you aren't you and you oh I can
spend money on me too well how about
that
so me and Jacob come on Jacob let me
show you get in the car
we're not taking the Malibu we are
taking
the bel-air and he's already the boy
he's in it
cars crying to warm that so we will
catch all on the road
well me and Jacob hey Jacob
no we wait you're sailing but Dad toys
in the baseball ain't nobody had no
yards really going on today so we're I
riding my old stomping grounds which is
West Ashley I grew up over here and it
looks nice it looks really nice daughter
Jake yeah we use about fishing in there
there's a place they fill a dog for
fishing Jase from Jake and wants to go
fishing so one day I'm gonna bring him
over here and let it go fish
right now we just got riding around
having a good time looking at my old
stomping grounds you know
brings back a lot of memories I'm gonna
take Jacob for sure we're out we're out
when I was a kid I grew up we had my
first 55 Chevrolet I love driving this
thing
means a lot Bamako get me this I've had
a lot of pleasure out of it well here we
are in my own neighborhood I grew up in
shared forest and these were the house I
grew up in
lots changed over the years boy when I
moved here all of the new project
brand-new area I hated kids my first
girl in this neighborhood we did morning
kiss the Long's used to live there the
Bailey's lived there the best friend the
world was Billy King
and filling the ryuuji whoo get I've
gotten new things here at Odessa Texas
Dennis Prinz a bit there and right there
with Billy Kings out the blue one
yep you should go there to hang out you
know during the day you know all day
long his mom and dad were divorced and
does he they were his dad his dad worked
so he and I will we just chill out all
day long
watch TV or play games yeah it what
people play games really I can't back
then like you got right there with my
wheels lived my sister's boyfriend Glenn
Martin lived in that house right there
and right back there it was all woods
and that's where grandpa lost his
virginity I was a good loss man these
trees were out here we lived here we're
just being planted
the old live there pageants live there
where's your house like I said this
whole area has changed
where do I live right there yeah right
there
well those plans are yeah that's for pop
Abdullah and my daddy Janna when he got
in his car wreck we had that room built
on and that's really late for years and
years and years
right there were two flankers wilt Oh
nails do remember all these people
remember I told her about boys I jumped
on broke his arm in the drug ditch
that's the dibs right there I lives all
across that kitchen Frug cuz he was
fuckin with me she name was uh what was
his name David Webb never getting
this is my neighborhood this is where I
grew up but mostly people here man they
work hard for the money that you get you
tell it yeah so anyway my neighborhood
welcome to it hope you enjoyed seeing it
you guys iam are okay yeah why because
big Luke or Jacob that's a good internal
car
yeah man that's Kyle art movie hey Jacob
man love your Skylark man I was just
looking at that damn scholar well it's a
good-looking car I ain't lyin but what
he says he's gonna do to it if he does
it it's gonna be an awesome car my first
girlfriend
look right there wait yep what what if
he still loves it that was my first
girlfriend
she still love this I don't know she
still lives there now or not but anyway
Jean Zoe be never forget that girl cause
I did a lot of doors right did a girl
live there I did a girl to live there I
did a lot of girls up here when we in
just saying sure you tell bye bye tell
you see you next time see you next week
yes time later people bye
and there it was you guys dad I love you
I wanted to say thanks for leaving
behind all these videos not just the
ones that we never uploaded you know but
the ones that we did thank you for
everything that you did for us and our
family thank you for just being my
friend for being Jacobs friend for being
there for the internet and I'm trying to
do what you did in your absence I got a
lot of work to do you know there's a lot
more that I need to accomplish before I
can scratch the surface of what you did
but I'm trying I miss you I love you and
that video is just I loved it guys smack
the like button if you want to see more
of these old videos with angry grandpa
I've got tons of my I said this is just
three drives okay three terabytes three
terabytes three terabytes okay I've got
a hundred gigs on my computer I got
endless files and I can't possibly
upload all of them on the main channel
so I could do more vlogs like this if
you guys want it smack that like button
and we're gonna do it man some of the
stuff that I found I found all the
pictures like isn't that amazing
Brittany do you out if you remember this
but really early into our relationship I
started taking pictures of the house
yeah like the reason I did it was just
in case we ever made a video game and
somebody media pictures to the house I
took them and I found them guys if you
want to see that smack the like button
this unseen pictures from trailwood of
Grandpa the house the outside my bedroom
if you want to see it smack that like
button you guys thanks for watching I
don't want to just cloud up this blog
with any more like life will have
another regular vlog for you guys
tomorrow but I wanted to show you guys
this thank you for watching I hope you
enjoyed it
dad I love you I miss you
you
