what's going on you guys keep me out of
camera here visualize here right there
and today it's Christmas Eve
today is December 24th Christmas Eve and
I really need to take a Christmas Eve
shower Bridgette you don't have to take
showers on holidays and call it like
like your Thanksgiving shower right you
don't have to like blame it on a hot
just go wash your skin get my own board
Tuesday first thing is bitch nor hold
she did she won guys today is Christmas
even before we say anything else if you
haven't seen the upload on the anchor
grandpa show channel go check it out we
have reuploaded the very first angry
grandpa Santa calls video if you haven't
seen that check it out you guys this was
from way back and I say 2009 Bridget
says 2010 I'm gonna say 2010 guys I
don't worry guys that's the thing I
don't know merely I don't know at any
time ago if you haven't seen it check it
out the link is below guys today it's
Christmas Eve and we're keeping a sad
time out of tradition alive by getting
Chinese food before we do anything else
let's talk about that we're going to the
store in just a few minutes you guys but
before we do I wanted to tell everybody
why we get Chinese food every Christmas
Eve and it's sort of a sad story but we
kept that with it all these years so you
know my grandma got diagnosed with
cancer on Thanksgiving of 99
Thanksgiving Day and she died on
Christmas morning less than a month
later and Christmas Eve comes and she
had a boost of energy on Christmas Eve
which as we later learn in life that's
what happens when you're at the tail end
when you're out and then suddenly have a
burst of energy it's a bad sign so she
had this burst of energy and she said
number one she wanted us to open
Christmas presents in front of her
because she wanted to see us
and number two she wanted us to have
Chinese food and so we did we opened up
Christmas presents and we got Chinese
food and throughout the years we started
keeping up with the christmas eve
opening presents
but when jennifer started having kids we
stopped doing that for the sake of Santa
Claus right but Christmas Eve we always
continued Chinese food because that's
what grandma wanted so that's why we're
having Chinese food tonight because even
though grandpa's gone we're keeping the
tradition alive so dad I love you
grandma love you
hope you guys are having an epic talk
over cigarettes and coffee I hope God is
telling you to quiet it down because
you're being too loud together guys
we're going to sort just a few minutes
Merry Christmas Eve yeah it's freaking
what are you walking backwards
mcjuggernuggets well what if they woulda
hit you okay don't don't joke around
just right here okay why do you want to
walk backwards for Mick Jagger and I get
style I like the follow-through ya know
we just did it and I'm done with it it's
okay I'm done with it yeah we're gonna
do this you want to get the right
juggling something okay you're good you
ready yes scary I think Publix is packed
yeah it's pack okay let's do that you
ready exactly we just got out of the car
man oh man where's the car joking what
is wrong with you I'm scared I don't you
run over backup I gotta get moving man
you didn't feel like hurry okay let's go
all right now they just see everything I
won't get run over good yes okay listen
I'm making a judgment call right now
okay what we get food for the next three
days I agree because I don't want to
leave in this again yeah this is awful
dude this is crazy I wonder if they have
any more Christmas beer good idea what
about you walk backwards across this
thing now I'm good no guys we're getting
food for the next three days cuz I don't
want to be filming or not filming but I
don't want to come shopping during the
Christmas season
ya know and the day after Christmas is
crazy - yeah it's crazy every day get
inside oh my gosh
dude seriously I'm pretty CeMAT about
that
like who does that did you film it
no I didn't film it guys someone Smith
in Michael's face dude they were coming
up they asked me if I knew where the
milk was I said yeah right there there
now just open mid-sentence if I get a
flu dude I'm scared this was your idea
to cover right I didn't want to like
leave on Christmas Michael well I'm
smart what if it's like flesh-eating oh
dude your face already arrived excuse me
it's turn to get red
excuse me right there oh my god your lip
why dude a certainty get your love what
we should go I'm serious please
apologize line now people staring skin
weird it was complete and utter chaos
inside public's one I got sneezed in the
face you guys saw that too every like
line was jammed to the core with people
doing the same thing as us howdy
completely insane guys look at all this
Merry Christmas after this we're going
to get Chinese food because that was the
tradition every Christmas Eve we would
get Chinese food so we're going to talk
about that while we eat gonna brush on
the history a little bit but guys hope
you're having a safe
Merry Christmas spend time with your
family tell them you love them
it does a little bit
should we like keep doing the tradition
uh yes absolutely we keep all the
traditions alive even steak biscuits
it's just he would be so like ashamed I
feel like if we didn't do be ashamed he
might be ashamed do you guys have done
this for yours I've done it with you
guys for almost ten you're right
the tradition lives absolutely every and
when we have kids that lives every
Christmas Eve every how the we were
going to PT the tradition lives
well you're right you're right
absolutely Forsyte
I know so I was thinking about chicken
and broccoli chicken of broccoli yeah is
delicious
oh definitely wings you believe almost
didn't Chinese tonight I know what are
you thinking dude dad would probably
propose he get
what would dad get yeah he would give
that house fried rice okay like a
seafood fried rice or something okay I'm
not gonna be that I'll get that I'll get
that I'm thinking at least five others
not hmm no he would definitely like
haunt us it would haunt us again yeah
double like if we get too much food
launch it yeah we don't get anything
launches yes definitely commit yeah I
can see that now how much would you add
yogurt otherwise you're not my son no
matter of time you spent too much time
Felicity regretted the day I shot out
yes Oh an egg
and I was just thinking about there was
this one you know we've done Chinese
every year since grandma died
yeah about one year really
the year after grandma oh gosh I never
heard this I was just thinking about it
so the year after grandma I think was
the I think it's 2000 we go over to this
Chinese place we didn't live near a
Chinese we lived in the middle of
nowhere so we had to travel like an hour
get the Chinese Oh God so we get to the
Chinese place dad walks any places this
order they take it he pays he sits down
about 15 minutes later they come walking
on and they say oh we're out of
everything know everything you know dude
Emily why'd you take it was freaking now
guys he was mad they you know they gave
him his money back so you're still
pissed off no gas the thing is we call
before we showed up in Italy yeah we got
everything yeah all right we don't no
way we get there they don't have
anything to give them his money back
they essentially tell us we have to
leave so dad gets the idea to go to
pizza places next door he gets a large
pizza walks back into the Chinese place
meets it no oh sorry yeah I was supposed
to tell that story right cause like I
feel like that was like that was secret
okay that was insane so yeah they didn't
have any of the Chinese 30 freaked out
thing is I should have taken they should
know this lady
yeah the shooters know
this is a crappy Christmas it is I kind
of can't wait till this 26 how much is
great for 2008 so you know me on me - I
am so done with this year - so much to
talk about
I'm wrong 2017 - worst year of our lives
yeah anyway we'll scoop this down boy
you ain't really bought Chinese unless
it comes in a box yeah right
we don't come in a box you ain't you a
Chinese yeah that's crazy
this is awesome watchin sure do does
nobody have homes anymore hello what is
this well we're out that's not a pork
it's a good one please Michael chill was
heavy
let's go homie Michael we got to go home
how is it good this is what mr. know
what miss I'm so excited honey chicken
oh my god I freaking love honey chicken
okay good mmm
good all right Michael hurry up sorry
that was just too rude hurry up you know
cooking is easy doing dishes is the hard
part
oh thanks fortune I think I know that
that was wine maybe how do you have
Carly hurry up babe hurry up I'm hungry
you see you guys the downfall filming
everything in our lives is I'm always
the last one to eat always this is
that's true freaking always let's make
some plates it's good oh yeah
which we had one more first most wait oh
there's one yeah
trying to vlog for you guys today it's
just really hard this the first
Christmas without him
what's thinking earlier we were gonna
give him for Christmas this year I never
got to do it so guys we had a plan for
Christmas this year you know last year I
got grandpa the 55 Chevy this year I
wanted to give him something that money
couldn't buy so I started tracking down
family and I found somebody who had
video his mom and I was going to have
him react to it that was gonna be his
Christmas gift this year because he
hadn't seen his mom you know since she
passed in 99 so that was that was
planning and we were gonna get like a
picture of her painted they're together
now yeah
I mean to ruin anybody's Christmas this
it's just a joy Christmas with your
family
and if you did get something if you got
something in like don't bitch you know
they did the best they could now I don't
know I'm just ready for Christmas to be
over me too I didn't never had never had
a Christmas this year we never had a
moment where we can enjoy it
well we'll be this way next year I don't
know guys
spend as much time with people that you
love as you can it could be the last
time okay you could be talking to your
dad right now walk out the room and come
back and he's gone you know it it
happens like that like so Merry
Christmas you guys we're gonna do a
little more vlogging here I'm gonna bake
some cookies
Bridget bake the cake so we're just uh
celebrating Christmas in our own way but
yeah that's what I was getting grandpa
for Christmas this year a video of his
mom cuz he hadn't seen her but yeah I
guess they're back together so he
doesn't need the video
this fortune cookie you better say 2018
gonna live a better man I'm so sick of
being sad me too all right it says
forget the harm forget those things that
aren't worth remembering ere they will
remember it yeah
my turn get built that's what this mine
I want it I wanted Wow it says 2018 is
going to be the worst year what does it
really say enjoy yourself while you can
you know screw you fortune I'm getting
tired of crappy fortune cookies why I
can't let that how does that mean well
that's gonna be a for today you guys
thanks for watching a little bit of a
sad Christmas Eve you guys I apologize
ahead of time for the ahead of time but
after the fact that actually hey Merry
Christmas Eve guys guys
Merry Christmas hope you have a great
Christmas spend it with your family
those that you love hold them tight tell
them you love them and don't bitch by
the end of your gifts okay don't it's
not a good look guys gonna get out of
here thanks for watching pretty crappy
actually I just spit out a noodle oh
like subscribe favorite fall and
everything for to us come on
that's it I love you guys so much have a
Merry Christmas Merry Christmas you guys
