what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here kid in front of an angry
grandpa picture here kid in front of a
silver play button here today is Friday
and she's coming I thought you oh please
what not according to last night we're
not discussing that we're discussing
that so Michael was very worried about
me last night so I went to the store and
I was gone for like an hour and see what
I see what happened was I was chained to
her who is he chief
so she just loves our videos so I was
just talking to her about that well cut
to the chase that took like an hour and
anyway so I pull up and the lights are
on outside and Michael was outside and
he was like on the phone he denies he
was on the phone but I saw he was on the
phone and I'm like but what is wrong and
he was like I was just getting fresh air
and I'm like getting fresh air and I was
like so today I'm going over to
grandpa's house we're gonna chill out a
little bit needless to say he was so
worried okay I was worried I said it
there you go
I was not on the phone by the way you
were on the phone because my Bluetooth
kicked down in my car no lighter no it
did I was calling Walgreens to see if
she was fucking still there I heard a
phone ringing in the photo department
actually I'm done with this shit enough
sweet I love you so much I'm gonna talk
to Grandpa about the vlog I did
yesterday
about uh was the guy's name I said
Darryl yeah that's the name I gave him
Darryl I'm gonna talk to Grandpa bye
Daryl because part of me feels like I
got the story a little bit wrong and I
want to get the real story so I'm gonna
tie the Grampa today about Darryl right
now grandpa's making a vegetable soup
take it to both you need that quick
there's a double you browned beef to get
through vegetables in it that I ruined
with tomatoes right yeah what the hell
is that
Emer Oh like a black tomato going down I
got a question dad
Wow okay you're going to get so abrasive
about it what's your question
do you remember because I feel I told a
story last night for my throwback
Thursday yeah and I have a feeling that
I got the events kind of wrong so do you
remember when Darryl through spaghetti
all over your car
Darryl and I changed his name for the
story who cares
shows real name no I don't want that I
know when I was running ahead why
because the guy is fucking crazy good
punch
so I told I told the version that you
were supposed to go over for dinner and
you didn't show up and he threw
spaghetti on your car is I wouldn't eat
that nasty motherfuckin house of shit
well what was the real story because
your brother he was fuckin with your
brother and you probed threw a rock at
him he was going to all beat your ass
and I told the man you it would touch my
son and he said ha I'll fix you supper
with me a little man that I bought
outside had goddamn spaghetti and
candles there thing else all in my
windshield
and then when I call the goddamn
confident
ain't nobody knew do you see it haven't
nope Barry no we do have mothers they
admitted he did that is the kind of guy
you don't fuck with when he's willing to
call your bluff and for a food all over
your vehicle he don't care why would
Richie was crazy
start a fire didn't have like weapons
and shit yeah - bi cubed roots of
magnums bows and arrows boy knobs always
all kill you goddamn ax poker buddy boy
- I'll kill you motherfucker that poker
buddy and don't fuck me a vine don't
fuck me a vine yeah that guy so I did
get the story wrong gun AJ AJ don't
landlord he needs none for the wrath
right
yeah landlord said you ain't got rats
the dander will come out he's here Randy
oh no no don't say man Gerald whatever
you want to give him idiot he did Oh
told off oh I will share something with
you I thought what do you want to share
with me he did something fun with the
neighbor next to her I think I say that
he's a good I went to my mailbox this
morning
get people and there's a dead rat in my
mailbox with a note that says it just
hit a rat I'll kiss your ass and I got
it out of my house and I said well I
guess then best that you do is get an
exterminator or they can get rid of the
fucking rats Rani Rani look Mandy
looking out the road I'm going love it
and do what he shot the rat and the
house I heard the gun go off earlier
that morning so so Darryl is just
sitting on his couch today ray it's
tough faith is real thick Darryl is on
the couch and he just shoots a rat when
it walks fine yeah yeah Randy shot that
son Brad started what
okay dad you keep changing the lids to
this pot none of them work I can't buy
the right what about this thing oh there
you go what happened to the thing though
thing you hold the lid with most ready
Nestle eat do you have the right lid I
got was nowhere what about this lid to
move to little okay you're a root now
goddamn all ours you had to keep gonna
keep one with God win it without I live
right there oh okay
that is the lid shut up you were trying
to be sarcastic about it alright let's
try that was the lid shut up well there
you go
I found alright you got the right ear
okay you're welcome this has a goddamn
spaghetti party on your goddamn car this
looks a little too big for it hey too
big fire pit looks nice though
goddamn oh you all man huh thank God you
were wearing underwear this time how
about yeah when did you start wearing
underwear I've been wearing underwear
lately that's kind of doll she's like be
playing with okay GI Joes why is that
dad so you can take his clothes all the
way off why you got what you're after
you're trying to toss a salad why is it
head all brown you shoving up your ass
and probably I caught the fire you got
third degrees literally that one where
this one yeah motherfuckers good yeah
man I don't know about this chicken
goddamn don't eat how's that
you ain't God or that type of shit yet
don't eat it's burnt though I'll throw
yours in the garbage hey don't be
looking at my chicken you just didn't
wanna I did not say that I said it look
firm that ain't bird that's what you
call well-done chicken you said it was
burnt yourself yeah it's not burnt with
you I don't mean what you'll get anyone
you're right it's not I'm cooking the
mother man I'm eating some of it you
mean you know my chicken well I'm
leaving grandpa's house once again I got
the boot because I told him that his
chicken looked burned so we're out it
was burnt those gross is burnt burnt ass
chicken I feel like I should prank him
before August now do it well we're home
right now in my eyes are burning
because I just got done cutting the
onions for the country-western burger
which I'm having for dinner tonight and
step one was the onions which I have
soaking in buttermilk in the fridge step
two bacon and today I'm making the bacon
in the oven okay I just drained off the
buttermilk from the onions you want them
cut really thin like these things are
going to cook quick cuz they're so thin
and right there I got a little bit of
salt pepper
I got onion powder in there onion powder
for the onions and I use a little bit of
this which is lemon pepper it looks like
so young with all that so potential with
the buttermilk you're going to leave in
there for a few hours when you're
soaking it now we add flour stand like a
nice coating over them you only want to
do a few at a time because for one
they're going to cook bunch together
like this I'm separating the best that I
can just toss them in there but they
will group together while they're frying
after that's done you're the one have
some paper towels ready on a plate and
not toilet paper I told the paper
Bridget forgot paper towels sorry I'm
not kidding when I say that quick won't
take very long and we'll have a brown
over I'm in there
now you've seen my previous
country-western burger recipe you will
know that I flatten my burger patties up
and pop you in the freezer for about 10
minutes here we go
we're looking for crisp at the bottom of
that now I feel like a lot of people
over complicate their burger recipes
salt pepper that's it not much alike
though okay let's flip it crispy bottom
there that's what I was looking for baby
oh so beautiful
now we can start building the birth
we've had it sitting here keeping it
warm that way if it was a little under
Italy finished look at all that cheese
boy okay burger goes down now we go over
some bacon we got some bacon on there
now we move over to the french fried
onions those go on there and on top of
this I'm adding a nice little mixture
first I'm starting off with French's
barbecue mustard sauce I've never tried
this before so it could be risky that
could be fucking faux burger mixed with
a little bit of regular tangy barbecue
and I'm hoping that the flavor
combinations work well together burger
is done we top it off and there we have
it
country western burger sweet potato
fries God okay let's get the trying this
is it hot the fries are the burger
should be good it's really got Michael
just have a peek inside that whoa oh my
god God I don't know if I said it the
roll is a Hawaiian roll we got the cook
burgers we got the bacon got the french
fried onions we got the two different
barbecue sauces it's so good restaurant
quality babe it's so good yeah look
where did that water say it looks like a
person standing from behind they'll
never see me here
okay that's great oh no that's looks
like but that still looks like
looks like two people sitting on the
couch obviously a ghost like weird looks
like two people chilling on the couch
together watch yeah that's so her ass
and that too she's sucking his dick are
they I think so
well that's gonna be it for today you
guys went over to Dad's got kicked out
of dads made a country-western burger
and that's all I really remember because
that was the best part of my day thanks
for watching
hope you guys enjoyed the vlog tried to
make this one a little bit longer for
you guys people have been saying they
want longer vlogs so I've been trying if
you want longer vlogs click the like
button and I'll see what I can do
sometimes I just don't do enough damnit
I couldn't get to the answer without
Bridget oh that burger was incredible oh
my god I'm just making out my fingers it
was better than the first uh
country-western burger I made agree and
I thought that was a good burger yeah it
was a good fucking burger that was the
best burger I've ever had in my life
seriously make this burger the bacon
I have never baked bacon before but
that's the way to do it like we can't
ever use a skillet anymore ever
anyway no we're talking about burgers I
just got to get out of here cuz I gotta
make another burger thanks for watching
you guys like subscribe favorite Bridget
west hey that's it
wait wait wait what are you trying to
get I don't tell them something
what uh uh I don't trust it that
barbecue
