what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here rejoice - yeah you're
annoying me today is Thursday which
means today is throwback Thursday but
first let's take a look at some of the
footage from me at VidCon what God you
guys keep your big cars I'm here on my
big car white now hello blink and go get
cars like we're here we're home so a lot
of people in asking me why am I not at
VidCon and it's something I touched on
before Oh
the reason I didn't go to VidCon is
because one I'd be really embarrassed to
show up to VidCon and nobody gives a
fuck who's that guy I just don't want to
go on any kind of official capacity you
know it's just that's not me you know I
don't want to set up a booth and sell
merchandise and you know come see you
pickleboy yeah that's that's strange to
me because I'm just some fucking fat kid
who records that so if I go next year
I'm just going as one of you guys to
meet some my favorite youtubers like
boogie2988 and mcjuggernuggets I got it
I gotta meet the juggernaut guess anyway
they were tweet this dude and time to
come to New York and all New York it's
not official tell me come to New York in
August I sort of promised boogie2988 on
Twitter that I would go to VidCon next
year but I can't promise that I may have
to break it I'm a pickle boy promise
means absolutely nothing a promise for
me holds no ground
I promise bridge I'm gonna clean the
house all the time and I never do it for
throwback Thursday I thought it'd be
funny if I told a story about some of
the worst houses we've lived in and some
of the worst moments in those houses so
let's get this vlog started throwback
Thursday style let's go ahead and step
through this stuff aside like the shirt
GI Joe so I can tell already okay first
thing we get in our block today this is
an Iron Man keychain and if I knew how
to drive a car I would utilize this oh
it's so cute I want it on my keychain
let's do it this is a nerd block
exclusive Buffy the Vampire Slayer spike
I love spike hey Bridget hey spike
Bridget's a huge Buffy the Vampire
Slayer fan she like watched every
episode in a matter of freakin weeks
hey is it pretty good so I'm never
wonderful horrible name good so let me
know in the comments if I should watch
Buffy the Vampire Slayer
no don't watch you won't like it okay we
have another wallet today this one's the
Ghostbusters oh never I got the Simpsons
one that time yeah you definitely need
this wallet so my my my bottom
ghostbusters that is the I really like
that it's just I can't see myself ever
using them I'm pulling out like a
Ghostbusters wallet hey next up is a Mad
Max fury road comic so it's a full comic
very cool I should read it
because I've never seen Mad Max and
people tell me I should watch the new
movie maybe if I watch this I'll you
know be interested in seeing the movie
okay the GI Joe shirt and it says sweep
the leg you fool sweep the leg you fools
I love it very cool so that's our nerd
block for today I think it was not whoa
yeah that's our nerd block for today got
some cool stuff I enjoyed it got the GI
Joe show at the Mad Max comic the spike
doll the wallet the keychain got a lot
of shit now when I wrestle crane please
just lean over the original you know
lately lazy and Felix have been fighting
with each other I know it's so weird
hey friends hey Felix he's like I'm not
talking to you I don't want to be in
your vlogs okay that's a lazy who is
looking at me wants to be another punch
look fuck you I'm going to the door God
so I don't know the deal lazy and Felix
just have not been getting along lazy
goes up to Felix and Felix that's my
impression of a cat
Shh I mean what is going on is that a
dead-on impression of a cat I should
probably be in Hollywood for that you
think yeah I think I think I could be a
famous Hollywood actor for this Oh
oh my oh there a talent agents out there
Shh I thought you were a freaking tiger
no I was being a cat
you know that comes from a real place
back in the day uh uh dad and them
convinced me that I had the best dog
impression like puppy impression he's
like hmm never joy oh that's a good
impression right Charlie that's so good
turns out it was bullshit I thought all
my life I had the perfect puppy
impression it was all it was all
bullshit I told people in school I tried
to do it to friends and they just
weren't hearing it I was wondering what
the deal was
because it was a lie that's embarrassing
well that's almost different Leigh you
guys but before I go I wanted to tell my
throwback Thursday story which I decided
I was going to tell you guys about some
of the worst houses we've lived in and
I've narrowed it down to three
so the third worst house that we've ever
lived in was when we live next to a
psychopath yes that happened we lived
next to a psychopath and not just the
psychopath that was in the house with us
talking about a grandpa we lived in this
tiny little house across the street from
an auction and because we lived in a
tiny house wasn't why it's on the list
the reason it's on the list was our
neighbor so we had a neighbor named
Daryl and this guy how can you describe
Daryl uh he had one tooth he had one
tooth in his mouth
and he would always come over to the
house middle that got your telegram what
we shall wash motherfucker and Daryl
would walk around with a bow and arrow
and he would shoot zombies no that's
wrong Daryl when they would come
together she would get volatile and I
mean like close to dangerous somewhere
along the lines there was a game of
broken telephone between the two which
if you don't know what broken telephone
is is when somebody says something and
they repeat it to the next person and
they repeat it to the next person and
eventually what you didn't say is what
they think you said Daryl was supposed
to come over to the house and fix
grandpa's sink and Daryl highly cancel
and come back tomorrow
so dad said something along the lines of
damn I'll show where she would come
fixed tonight well that got carried over
by I don't know Kim Jennifer somebody
carried it over to Darrell that dad said
fucking god damn Dale did fix my goddamn
think fuck him
so Darrell had a message for grandpa
shut your old ass up now bad message was
carried over verbatim because he wrote
it on a letter and stuck it in grandpa's
mailbox this went along for days and
weeks back and forth I hate you
you hate me we're a happy family sorry
finally it came time to squash the beef
Darrell invited grandpa over for dinner
they were gonna have spaghetti and
everybody was gonna hash everything out
and dad didn't show he said fuck the
spaghetti dinner and what came next is
something that I could describe as a bit
of a prank something I may have to repo
loan that eventually in the long run dad
came out the next day and on top of his
car were plates of spaghetti spaghetti
covering the car candles drinks roll
salad he took the dinner and he's
through it all over grandpa's car
needless to say that was the breaking
point grandpa got the fuck out of that
house but it's not the only horrible
thing to happen one time I also stuck a
drill to my own head and ripped my hair
I don't know if you can see a bald spot
anywhere you can't see it right now
because I got so much hair hello my
luscious locks but next time I cut my
hair all hi Bridget show you guys the
mark where I get a fucking patch of hair
missing number two in the list wasn't
even a fucking house there was a period
of time around 2003 where we lost
everything we didn't have no home
we didn't have shit so that can for the
grandpa behind that we took him to
vacation that I got horribly son poison
debt yeah we lived in that for a while
in the back yard of my aunt's house and
that's all I really got to say about
that one we lived in a fucking RV flick
a year a camper not even an RV we lived
in my aunt's backyard but I wanted to
get straight to number one the worst
house we've ever lived then I was really
young so I barely remember this house
but the stuff that I do remember it was
a trailer it was a single-wide trailer
it was old back then so I don't know
what the hell it would look like now
the trailer was sitting in the middle of
a field
it was so dilapidated and so rundown I
can't believe that it was even have hat
what's the word have habitable we cook
we shouldn't been allowed to live in it
so one day my brother and I are watching
Saturday morning cartoons
and we say I want some cheese puffs
because dab but always have fucking
cheese puffs he loves those motherfuck
we go over to the cheese puffs bag we go
to reach in boom outburst a fucking rat
and the rat didn't score we off this
fucking thing was brave it stood its
ground it popped out of the bag and went
it was like that fucking dinosaur on
Jurassic Park when the fucking things
pop out dude that rat did not care it
didn't care about us it wasn't scared of
us and it was telling us that that bag
was his there were many reasons why this
house was the worst we ever lived in for
one it was the middle of that field
number two we had all those dangerous
rats and mice number three there were
snakes not far by from it so dad was
scared to leave the house and when he
would he would run to the van because he
was afraid that were snakes gonna give
him number four we didn't have a TV
because at the time we were going to try
that Baptist Church and preacher Haynes
told my mom that people who have
televisions in their house are sinners
so mom poured water in the television
set we couldn't afford a new one but
through all of these houses no matter
how bad they were we always had each
other a lot of anger lot of violence a
lot of broken dishes and television sets
and starvation but we loved each other
and I still love my family very much no
matter how much we argue how much we
talk shit to each other in the end
family first no matter where you live
making home don't be ashamed of it cuz
along there was a long time that I was
ashamed of where I lived and where I
came from
not anymore don't ever be ashamed of who
you are or where you come from embrace
it and just embrace it that's gonna be
it for today you guys thanks for
watching
I just wanted to share some of those
stories with you we lived in some fucked
out places but we always had each other
we always had love and that's you know
that's why I gave that a house to begin
with because we've
we've always lived in shit we've never
had anything nice and I wanted dad to
have something nice so dad I love you I
love the rest of my family we always had
each other even through these horrible
times and now we have all you guys to
share it with so thank you for being
there thanks for what thanks for always
watching these videos thanks for wanting
me to go to VidCon that is a humbling
experience alone for people saying I
wish you were here that's crazy to me
people want to talk to us that's
humbling beyond belief so thank you guys
for all the support and all the love and
all the respect it's it's amazing thanks
for watching you guys like subscribe
favorite hell everything the camera
slumping up my hand wait wait
