what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here bridge was not here and
today is Wednesday Bridge was actually
outside today is also Taco Tuesday even
though it's Wednesday we didn't make him
last night
whicka tacos tonight yesterday was a
Grandpa's house and he gave me the boot
pretty early in so what's the deal today
I'm gonna be uploading the video where
grandpa says goodbye to the old house if
you haven't seen the link by now because
it's up by now link is right here I'm
having a friend of mine named AJ work on
a music video for it
AJ universe subscribed to him below
check out he does a lot of wrestling
videos he did the super sturdy bridge
music video heat into the ramping that
was pfv by to get our Tuesday started
Wednesday started sorry I can't really
thought it was Taco Tuesday it's taco
Wednesday though swingy way getting my
wings they started making tacos going to
Walmart ignoring bridges my glasses you
without throughout the punch right there
you see that shit well right now winter
and we are I can't talk today right now
we're on Walmart and I'm trying to yeah
I'm on my I'm covered in dog hair all
over the place
we're in Walmart getting taco stuff
because we didn't get everything last
night and if you haven't noticed forgot
my glasses so I'm sort of bumping into
shit it's like wait this is me no that's
exactly right
that's how I was going to it's like I
was a driver they were like hey over
there so
never let me get my driver's license no
never good that I am because if this is
a sound you would hear frequently if I
had my driver's license mom mom no this
cup is so good this oh my god I couldn't
see faces because of my eyes but I saw
somebody some lady walked by the aisle
and she saw me she well I guess he was
like a blur
mm-hmm oh my god I thoroughly
embarrassed myself in Walmart
turtlecom going Michael over there
Briana file over here
what okay god you're so blind
not everyone saw it look over those
people before I know yeah fuck this one
I'm just all big ass I'm vlogging right
now man so I just hope one of the camera
to start vlogging and some guy just arse
like screaming so after I just showed my
ass in Walmart literally I won't say we
do this so after I showed my ass in
Walmart I went up to the people that saw
it here get some stuff just a little bit
so so I decided to go near the people
and gauge the reaction of seeing me if
they saw my astronaut because it was
Bridget leave some stuff for me I'll do
it
so so yeah I went around the people they
say I think they might have saw my ass
so I decided to show my face around them
to gauge whether or not they saw
something and they the results were
inconclusive I didn't see anything you
pushing me I hope so inconclusive they
may or may not have seen my have me on
the boat you need any help okay
you either that you said something or
buggy this but I'm getting in the car
real quick I got to do something well
I'm home
it is 9:50 at night and I'm about to
show you guys the aftermath of taco
Wednesday it's like a fucking bomb went
off in the kitchen are you ready for
this five four one two three boom holy
crap okay Bridget who's cleaning this I
even decided to fry some of the burrito
shells I saw it on an TV uh she is that
chick that has the cooking show she has
this video called big fat motherfucking
taco and she had fried little tortillas
so I did it
holy shit do it you gotta do it this one
might have gone a little too long quick
oh my god looks an elephant here yeah
it's a little crispy you know I was
under the impression that we were done
with The Witcher no we're not Marvin
woman obviously cuz Brigitte I'm saying
they're editing the video over the vlog
for Diane bridge goes I can't beat this
thing so I gotta do it
it's a griffon times along the way
everyone's hurting my feelings by saying
how good the editing is for the new
video cuz I didn't do it man so one else
I didn't say you did it I did the
editing not a J his links not below nope
nope it's not no I don't even know AJ
Bridget help that too
yeah that's mostly mean where is this
thing it's flying above your head I
don't know how many you guys have played
The Witcher but pay attention to the
loading yeah don't die any time now
we'll be ready two thousand years later
just don't die people one utility later
you gotta oil your sword to tell me in
about five minutes wait Oh
ah no Michael okay like I'm not going to
be recording with a freaking light pops
on I'm ready to toss the control in the
kitchen
no I wouldn't record this because I'm
getting that that's my favorite
controller don't do that it's all my
fucking target I don't care it's mine
are you not gonna write a fuck well I
did it
you better be good I lost all the
progress come on I'm sorry boy well
that's gonna be a friend a you guys
thanks for watching thanks for watch you
guys thanks for well I guess I thought
the video where grandpa says goodbye to
the old trailer is up you can go check
it out the link is here AJ did an
amazing job on that video for the end of
it really good I got a little choked up
when it showed the clip of John and then
when I saw the footage dad hugging me
and then hugging JC and then hugging
Jimmy I cried that was a sad video it is
a really sad video these kind of things
don't usually get to me I didn't even
cry okay I cried during the house video
but Ivan cried watching the house video
I go I cried watching this video so
thank you AJ for doing the video if you
guys want to follow AJ on Twitter his
twitter is below trying to get this guy
some followers thank you for doing this
for me dude it's real seriously I don't
know why did the aah
cuz I'm not I'm seriously it's an
amazing video I know it seems lately all
we're uploading on the angry grandpa
show channel was emotional videos but I
said on my Twitter at the beginning of
July that the first video I uploaded was
gonna set the tone for the month which
is Kim came to visit dad and we all
cried together and then I gave dad the
house and we all cried together it's a
really emotional mine
it's an emotional month however if you
think I am planning a prank on grandpa
for August you got another thing coming
that's right pop you getting pranked
things getting back to what you're with
that shit too now with your birthday is
next month you have the wool we're gonna
be in New York for your birthday I'm
gonna it's gonna be Bridget lost in New
York unless burn burn burn oh I love I
don't like the whole fight you've been
talking bishop I don't think y'all got
nothing
so anyway I'm getting out of here August
the videos go back to normal
grandpa get pranked yeah
I'm not getting pranked no reg again
pranked I don't even think so I do
happy August Bridget happy birthday
month you getting praying I don't think
so
smack that like button if you want
Bridget to get pranked like a pickle
washing at pranked they're already
clicking like for me so it'll be a
confusion click like if you want bridge
to get prank curia so anyway thanks for
watching you guys like subscribe please
don't like I'm not getting pranked ok
please like don't like please I don't
like you I don't like you
I thought you oh hi guy like you why I
wasn't blank him cuz I love you she just
likes me I love you click like joy water
gets sucked up some hey
