what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here I just hear bridge West
right there and today is Tuesday and
today I'm starting off the vlog about 9
o'clock because I'm going to grandpa's
house I wasn't gonna do a vlog today
I've had sunburn poisoning not really
that's a lie my son feel Sons feels my
sunburn feels a lot better today but
more than a grandpa's house because I
haven't heard from him all day I called
him he didn't answer me I texted him I'm
gonna show up he didn't reply so I'm on
my way to grandpa's house to make sure
he's all right maybe hang out with
Grandpa just a little bit we've had no
time to cook anything for dinner so I
think we're gonna do some frozen pizza
Bridgette you cool with that frozen
pizza night so anyway I'm getting my
Tuesday started headed to grandpa's
house dad won our way well he went in
see it Bridgette we just got here and
dad's already gone inside
what do we do
so I just got the dad's house I just
pull out the camera and he he goes
inside did he make any food yes you make
cube steak and gravy yeah I think that
includes lysate grandpa's house
what who did was it's the leave why so
I'm leaving dad's before I left I did
get this nifty plate of food mashed
potatoes and gravy against his wishes
I'm out see you pop tomorrow I guess or
whatever let's just go home okay we're
back home
grandpa kicked us out eating myself a
little pound talking for while we were
Walmart I bought some beer cuz I want
pretty good thinking I'm drinking now
because I'm upset that dad kicked me out
of the house so let's let her find it
what we owned back looks good
yeah the corn dog
okay the hell Michael yeah room for
these you won't close Bridget I got a
drink something well you get a little
drunk tonight
does that kick this up okay Oh Frank a
little bit yeah I'm drinking okay
Michael dad's driving me to drink okay
I'm sorry but now I'm sorry but I'm
drinking I'm sorry good luck
opening them hold that no don't look up
with me
what do you think much higher honor I
don't have a baby proof I can't open a
freaking there Michael prove yeah come
on
keep laughing come on open it let's make
us your hand I'll get it
that's how you do it to you you open
beer like that
worth every sip this is pretty lethal
yeah
it's lethal why do i do is for plank why
don't you open a red plague yeah good
luck though first open it now it's how
you open it no Michael I use your teeth
use your hand that's not hey oppa beer
how do you I mean you can but I would
never open beer like how do you do it
this gross stop drinking I'm not a dream
drinker what the hell pound cake that's
fine Michael I do this enough it'll be
in the floor like ah you know was there
any more look I see it this is not
grandpa's house
I'm sorry I'm pissed that kicked us out
I was serious about buying beer first
they realize I'm so nasty yeah
disgusting never drink drink it's for
Falls yep thank you okay
why I'm not atlas you're not gonna fill
me cleaning up shit like this I'm
telling what did you do it okay
thanks for cleaning up the don't hit him
not use chemical oh you're having a good
old time just watching me clean are you
thinking what it was an accident you're
sick love the beer oh I taste it hey
let's take the bread of Sunday dinner
you're dead need a drink this is trash
it does your dad I don't think so my dad
doesn't
my mom as if I need it
it's time for us to make some screaming
Sicilian pizza I never heard of this
brain before so I'm gonna search for
direction 425 area all right so that's
what it looks like chunks of mozzarella
plus cheese let's bait this bitch up
this is always the worst part to baking
pizza the freakin preheat section like
how come I can't just put it in right
now what would really happen if I just
said fuck preheat broke all the rules
and just put it in
alright let's preheat it enough forget
it you're going in
don't burn buddy don't burn all my legs
fuck I forgot about the pizza shit
thanks a lot time are you bastard ok how
fucked are we talking just check the
bottom I mean it's not that fucked I
like it like this but Bridget hates it
here we go
it's so hot that's pretty fucking good
for a frozen pizza it's not delivery its
screaming Sicilian it is hot well that's
gonna be a pretty day you guys gonna go
to bed soon had my pizza that was good
watch some TV and that's it there's
nothing else to do man just ready to get
my vlog up and go to sleep so thanks for
watching you guys follow me on Twitter
below you guys been following me like
crazy invited had a hundred thousand
Twitter followers so that's pretty crazy
thanks for watching you guys still not
verified yet but in time hopefully in
time thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe favorite I plant a Brigitte by
making her think I was drinking and
that's it and she's not here for the
outro it's a good day click like if
you're excited the bridge is not here
for the outro I click like that's it
