what's going on you guys kid behind the
camera here yeah bridge west there and
today is Monday and today lazy is gonna
go swimming in grandpa's pool
it was bridges ideas she's all bunch of
YouTube videos on it she wants to take
all the dogs swimming we're gonna go on
one at a time because I don't want to go
to Dad's house with three fucking dogs
so we're gonna start with the smallest
one lazy right behind me we got them a
little freaking life vest and I'm gonna
get in the pool with them and we're
gonna swim it at grandpa's if you've not
seen the video yet where grandpa moves
into the new house click the link right
there I was gonna add the Chet Purdy
music there but as I was not in my head
I realized that it's a copyrighted song
I just uploaded a picture of grandpa the
swimming pool to my Twitter account if
you want to see that link is below
follow me on Twitter for more pictures
like that because my twitter is
superficial even though I'm not verified
yet shout out the name drops anyway
forget all that let's get our Monday
started lazy in the swimming pool style
I am so excited I posted such a cute
picture first of all if you're wondering
why I'm wearing a shirt it's not because
I'm fat because I'm sure you'll get a
video me swimming without a shirt on in
the future it's because I'm still
sunburned and right now I am at the
peeling things alright you ready oh I
got your boy epic auto is already coming
off of him
oh my god a little dog bullying little
boy let's get this off oh that was
awesome progress dude oh you precious
you cool today
yeah mmm you're alright i lady humping
the triathlon I got it
rich help okay you know I can't get in
let's go okay you're lying
yep ah
I had a pretty cool idea about what okay
yeah you know you got this explai wind
yeah you got the pool you got a deck you
got the gun Gollywood you got a GPU and
now what if we did this weekend or
something a drink machine a drink you
like uh like you know like a machine go
to supermarkets a machine with drinks in
it me like it took gas stations though
gasps did you put your money in and yeah
yeah good idea with you that may be a
good one that would be a good one click
like if you I got two things for you
click like for first click like if you
want grandpa to have a drink machine to
click like if you want to see grandpa
saying there by that the other trailer
we from that video you saying goodbye I
don't want to see it though I don't know
anymore dude it was sad well you would
click like if you guys want to see it oh
boy when you can mouse if we get the
drip machine bring you a pocket full of
quarters okay
nah I'm serious you better have at least
but you say you ain't get the drink so
Ricky I'm gonna buying it for you and
I'm telling that you find the goddamn
great I gotta go buy the drains and put
him in there
you can leave paintball calm yourself
bitch so it would look good right you
really good maybe paper drink yeah I am
Oh leave me grandpa's house just wanted
to take a second to look at the flag
look at this little setup oh yeah also
his YouTube button is right here if
somewhere in some reason it didn't get
showed on the vlog or the video so here
it is
we got a jutsu button hangin oh lazy is
exhausted he's been exhausted for a
while since we got home I know he's been
sleeping like ever since we got home
well lazy went swimming today next up is
either Bell Rock light let us know in
the comments who you think we should do
next fella or Clyde it's gonna be funny
watching one of them trying to swim
mainly belly cuz Bell is big in phallic
I am so it's gonna be kind of like me
where I'm just sorta like floating in
the water any deeper and I would've
drowned hopefully I don't got more
sunburn cuz I'm in the peeling stage I
look like a gecko
I'm very reptilian take the camera
Bridget let's take a look at my
shoulders
God Bridget love is in the air and so is
my skin holy crap just so close dude I'm
like a lizard you are you're such a
reptile oh hey I heard it I don't want
to be here anymore
oh I heard it I'm like a bug starting to
shed its skin hello someone I see you
stopping mitch is your son Phillip so I
think it's almost time but I started
hanging some pictures including my new
play buttons but first stuff like this
like this was the Walter White picture
that the friend of mine that you guys
said was trying to impersonate Bam
Margera Jim from Wrestlemania he gave
this to me and I really really should
hang it it fell because I was using
those blurry there we go I was using
those so I don't really know that was a
good idea probably not obviously cuz it
fell I really need to hang some of this
shit again so I'm just having myself a
little lazy Monday that's actually a
good title for the vlog lazy Monday
because we took lazy swimming and I'm
lazy I'm a little bit this picture is
just laying on top of me and I don't
want to move it because I'm so fucking
lazy I just want to sit here all day
listen to the Bridget play The Witcher
and just chill click like if you want to
see the video where grandpa says goodbye
to the trailers like I was talking about
earlier also film me saying goodbye to
the trailer because when dad got
emotional I got emotional so I had to
say my goodbyes so click like if you
want to see those videos we will upload
them in the next couple of days where we
could take Felix swimming Felix fungus
woman no think I don't think so did you
try it yeah dad know you like that
answer your question
oh well that's gonna be it for today you
guys went swimming with lazy I caused a
tidal wave in New York City no you
didn't
uh-hum hung out with dad dad told oh I'm
starting to get followed me
I gave dad the idea for our drink
machine he told me I couldn't get free
drinks what gives oh I'm gonna be buying
the machine add us on Twitter below for
just Bridge was posting videos and stuff
while we were doing this video earlier
on our Twitter so check them out below I
didn't you didn't I didn't post those I
didn't yeah
I finally plug her fucking channel and
she doesn't do it she I didn't know you
wanted me to I thought you did you told
me you took video you know I'm gonna get
out of here I'll post them now it's too
little - I will post them they don't
matter anymore okay so hey they're still
really cute let's just sit here and let
the fog build up until we're done
talking so thanks for watching you guys
we're on our dream sequence right now if
you're watching this vlog you're
actually dreaming so vagenda just
watching it no it's not it thanks for
watching you guys chill chill out on the
wall so thanks for watching you guys
what a cool little day what if it shit
Oh Bridget you look great I know my
teeth had gotten so wider he can't tell
mmm so anyway thanks for watching you
guys good man I'm scratching my ear you
can't even tell I'm getting out of here
thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe favorite just for just for
just
