what's going on you guys Kip you had a
camera here angry grandpa right here
before I turn the camera I'm here you
guys have been asking for it I didn't
want to come here in film until I put up
the moving video because I was waiting
on footage and I had to wait a long time
but here we are at grandpa's so you've
been here for about a week now
yeah do you like it I love it you're not
going to give you a compliment you've
had a fire going in that burn pile every
day I've been here hey I like fires I
like fire found the Firebug well Brian
what are you what are you making here
what are you cooking some cheering rice
well the house looks good I'm glad you
like hip-hop yeah me too thank you you
don't gotta keep thanking me is your
place I'm glad you like it
I want some chicken and rice me too
hopefully I don't know what hopefully
I'm here when it's done converges on her
way to be ready to go chica do well JP
be ready to go wrestling is in like a
half hour oh you gonna get a rope I
write to them at all and I'll go be some
tomorrow out there they'll be showing
you come back I'll have read for you ha
yes
so J are you think it was me
oh yeah yeah what is that so so so so
all right dad stop dad so you head let's
do it again stop James yeah some dad so
what's up boy and he said he's still
doing this up will do ass up off step
yeah
so man step
what so people have been asking is
grandpa going to get Hannah the answer
is no so at the place dad lived before
they told him after here you want to say
it this is you know that I died after I
had Hannah there she's been there for a
while that she had a pit in her so I had
to get rid of her and like a good
responsible resident I argued the point
but then I said okay that's the rule
that's the rule so I got rid of Hannah I
gave her to my sister you did your
sister my sister I'll give my sister
okay your daughter my daughter and wait
a minute something's going on over there
Oh a friend new man fuck galloway
islands to him it grandma's trying to
set his new kitchen on fire speed of
fire ie burns go ahead that's me but
it's coming
why did you burn my ass girl you know
burn your ass anyway hi I got a little
mad dog I really have she's gone now so
but thing was other people's live there
didn't get rid of their dogs they still
are there but I'm not there anymore so
fuck off and the reason I can't get
Hannah back now as ghosts adorn them
they fall in love with Hannah and she's
happy where she's at and I can't take
her away
mm fuck I can't take it away from her
now so so now I got I'm a cop I'm a
couple all the time you a male or a
female
what kind well Boykin Spaniel yeah
something like that that I can raise you
know little weakens yeah this is a nice
view dad
yeah I know nice view right to my
picture hey wait I get a fire in the
fireplace
Oh you ready for winter oh man yeah
shaggy I'll drag his ass out out
fireplace I'll be a heathen motherfucker
I tell you one thing seeing your
backyard we have in freaking New Year's
Eve party here oh definitely you'll get
a hog hog hot boys guys moistures we
should have a shooter what's that what
devil
Oh God same old grandpa same old smells
it tastes I have to say'll you either
have a little New Year's we're going
home over New Year's I got a gal I'll
put the bed you want those room aw I
don't think so
then getting no fucking bad I wash my
hands with us Ben you guys are you
washed away by God it's a bit figurative
half you can you what have I here sorry
it's figure two I wash my hands at the
situation now I'm going to go to bed but
they want putting it in my inner Ginga
room if ever that is now young people
recommitted home all right
that's the entertainment room they look
at the dogs we look at the dog
that's finally there's three rooms irulu
I don't know more like the boy kids or a
general show I think by taking your work
I'm joking I see the guard Jace is
recording over there just got done
watching battleground I forgot what
pay-per-view was for a second there
would you think awesome
how about Undertaker coming back what if
you don't watch wrestling watch
battleground because the Undertaker came
back in if you don't know who the
Undertaker is watch years of wrestling
watch his entire career learn who the
Undertaker is and then watch
battleground chillin with JC you better
go back to pop his house
you think he's awake no should we wake
him up if he is yep who Frank him yep
uh-huh how you liking those Tiki lamps
pretty cool it's like you want survivor
we got fell in love that's cool
I don't know how they work I just
grabbed him leave like them feel like so
cool only stop all night swim huh it was
so cool tonight fun and round get that
boy a guy I remember back when we had
the pool before dad would get in the
pool like 4:00 in the morning yeah like
what are you doing I'm going swimming
for y'all no fucking dirty it up well
y'all getting their part and pee and
everything else
shit in the pool you did did you I think
so will yo do it well that I'm going to
leave you alone too much wanted to come
say hello
drop an AC off after wrestling I just
made the video public oh my winding you
blinding me fearless turn and I can't
see policy is like a piece of dad glass
is reflecting oh and I'm time to let
everybody know that there's many
adventures to come in this house a lot
and I don't like what you say about
burning my ass by you're still on about
that I don't like it it's coming why I
gave you a freaking house my prank was a
gift you're pranking right the tribe has
spoken
your father just went out
