what's going on you guys Kibby on a
camera here good just here that took a
very serious tone you just had their
things getting serious serious dude so
I'm gonna just cut the intro and get
right into it ever since we did the last
ghost hunt video people have been
begging us to do another one
dunno the ghost hunt those time do a
ghost hunt and I haven't really seen the
need to do a ghost hunt because one I
don't believe in ghosts - I don't
believe in ghosts I feel I didn't really
want to do another ghost hunt however it
just scare last night on Twitter
somebody pointed this out someone coming
that you bridge it I don't know if you
can hear it uh the 911 mark on my pickle
boy is a sad panda vlog you can hear
what sounds like six six six if that
said six six six then that kind of shit
is hard to deny now I'm scared
was it like a twang and the audio was it
bad you this filthy bitch ain't allowed
near the door now so so I decided after
hearing that we're gonna do us another
ghost hunt video here in the house I
don't believe in ghosts that did come on
you're a liar
she's pissed me off I just want to get
the outro done intro done I tell you
what talk ghost time
if there's anybody in here you can use
this to talk to us how many fingers am i
holding up Who am I oh I'm gonna leave I
did do you want to talk to us are we
bothering you one I'm going down no
you're not get out I'm going down first
what is my name
done with it Michael tell him to leave
there's anybody here and you use this to
get in touch with us please go we can't
help you find puff paranormal he can
help you I'm totally shit
we're just downloading a ghost hunting
Apple on our tablet and we're gonna use
it see we can find anything you're sure
this hack works yeah let's just hold it
happens no ghost found it's not doing
awful shit don't danger level says this
is a reputable app you said yes
got a hot fucking house I pissed it off
how many does it go how many fingers am
i holding up
a sure thing do you want us to leave
this is nothing professionalism it's
real your other reviews you filthy so
it's always like a joke but right no
that was real oh oh look
then you're downloading stupid fucking
apps dude this is it dude you having too
much fun at my expense at this planet
fucking be rude Michael no B word this
chain scares me kidding don't say real
what the fuck dude holy camel you filthy
bitch wash my hands of it goes hot over
laughing uh-oh I'm recording this yeah
where's the stupid light funny you're so
proud of yourself have this orchestrated
the whole thing
I'm home well that's it for the ghost
hunt
uh yeah Bridget trying to scare me well
some stupid look heard me know why those
apps scared me because they were stupid
abs like little boop boop boop and all
sudden a ghost appeared I don't know why
that worked in the one app you know just
walk around and you freaking take
pictures and nothing shows up so I don't
know if they're trying to take it
serious like you're catching real ghosts
or I don't know anyway ghost hunt over
don't believe in ghosts anyway sound
like we've got a couple of things on the
ghost box so there's that and then I
gotta look up at this what do you think
you think we have any ghosts in this
house no thanks girl you may feel a
whole lot better
well that's gonna be it for today you
guys
then a little bit of ghost hunting
Bridget terrified with a little bit of
ghost hunting although I was editing the
video and I did here I see Bridget west
and here that it's on the ghost box
while I was editing it I see
Bridget west Runner dad's life in hell
before I get out of here I wanted to
talk about something earlier on Twitter
we had people tweeting us saying that
they're using plank and their everyday
lives can you believe that crap flank so
if you want to use plank you do
something stupid that doesn't qualify as
a prank and you scream definition of it
record yourself doing it I hope somebody
doesn't like McDonald's or something if
you do I swear I will feature you I
won't use it on the vlog if somebody
starts using point and public I prom my
guys send it to me now will use it on
vlogs I give an idea I just want to see
somebody use point so if you do tweet it
to us
you wouldn't public please that means
I'd be pretty funny I would be so
amazing anyway I'm getting out of here
thanks for watching you guys that video
with grandpa's gonna be up Sunday whoo
that Honda stuff still has me mad I'm
getting out of here thanks for watching
like Roach bug what prank like subscribe
favorite hey I already covered it
