what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here we're just here can be on a
sunburn here today is Thursday which
means today I got a throwback Thursday
still on which is the story where
Bridget crushed my penis sorry
apology rejected so I've got myself a
sunburn I actually got it at dads house
yesterday I went over I was doing some
stuff around the house I was looking
around at it I was swimming in the pool
let's be honest I went swimming in the
pool and I got sunburned the reason I
didn't upload a vlog yesterday was
because I spent most of the day aside
from swimming in the pool getting
sunburned tracking down the guy that has
the footage for the part 2 of the video
and I'm getting it this weekend I
finally got in touch with a guy and he
tells me he's on vacation
he'll be back Saturday which means the
video is probably going up Sunday
needless to say the next time I need
help with a video not using him anyway
forget this my shoulders are burning I'm
tired holding the camera up I want to
get in and start my vlog Thursday style
throwback Thursday style crushed finger
style
Bridget crushed my fingers yay oh it
hurts so bad you're gonna hear about
that a little bit though with all this
sunburn I was thinking back to a time
that I had Sun poisoning before which is
actually the time that we had that John
boat accident when our our last family
vacation and I had horrible sunburn and
dad goes what hey what you need to do is
put vinegar on it so I believed them He
pours vinegar on me and it was instant
horrible pain and itching and he did it
on purpose so I've been in the process
of replaying the last of us with Bridget
the witcher's over with now it's time
for a new game you're like clinging on
to straws at this point the witch was
over I'm doing many questions it's kind
of like when you can't stop playing GTA
and you started doing like the cab
missions so we're playing The Last of Us
oh your hair is on fire
it's not funny to make fun of people
Bridget I'm on fire I felt like all day
like my chest was sunburned why are you
smoking sob no joke Bridget stop my
chest I feel like my mom attack or
something it's just been all day and
thinking maybe the sunburn shed hmm
ah I feel a big um no Bridget Michael I
don't know what's wrong
ow is this supposed to feel so tight and
white oh my god quick fucking at all
that's right that's how you do a plank
be slow okay there's some huh
how much you got how much you shall put
on my bed just look just a little down
maybe you should get on your stomach
what yeah seriously yeah putting your
baby bib what dream Hey recording just
some recording it No
hey how's your sunburn bill well don't
let mama do this to me oh my god right
now my back is covered in that blue crab
and the shirt is sticking to me and this
sucks but I told you guys before I got
out of here and I thought I was gonna
tell you the story about when Bridget
crushed my fingers so that's what I'm
about to do so this story begins a long
time ago last week not just last week
but specifically the morning that we
gave grandpa the house so we just signed
the papers for the house and Bridget and
I showed up early we told grandpa to
meet us there because we were gonna walk
through the house and then of course
give it to him so we're waiting on
grandpa and I'm standing outside a
bridges car and the way that I've got my
hand position is I'm holding the door
while the window is open so as I'm
standing there holding the door Bridget
decides that's the moment she wants to
roll up the window and she does so while
I'm still holding it the window
suctions closed on my fingers I could
hear the as the window got to the very
top my fingers are still trapped in this
thing so this thing has suctioned closed
on my fingers the scream that I let out
was so loud that the new neighbors
started coming out of their house to see
what the fuck was going on she rolls the
windows up on my fingers and I just
and it ain't like she was like oh okay
and instantly rolls it down it took a
good five seconds before the window
starts rolling down my fingers were
bleeding the backs of them were starting
to turn black and blue and the pain was
throbbing my hand was going and I
couldn't believe how painful it was
Bridgette came running up and she had an
ice pack that the owners of the house
left in the freezer and she wraps it
around my hand and I'm screaming and
after about five minutes I look at it
and the ice pack is covered in frozen
blood and it was excruciating pain
finally dad shows up and I got to put a
smile on that face let's do the
walkthrough so what was supposed to be
this family bonding experience the
happiest moment of my life the happiest
moment of dad's life
I spent thinking about how horrible my
hand felt so every time dad would point
something out well mo Cooter's close
she's got a whole lot of room I'm
sitting there thinking it sure does dad
oh wow yeah it's a great-looking kitchen
I didn't hear anything all the whore was
and that's pretty much it that's what
happened
Bridgette wanted to cry she crushed my
fingers right before I gave dad a house
and they still don't feel right I don't
know if you can see if there's an e
marks or anything but she messed my shit
up dude the back of my hand with it
looks fine now but good God it still
feels strange if I scratch my head it
still feels like my fingers are sort of
numb it's been over a week and she
caused permanent damage to my
motherfuckin fingers so anyway that's
gonna be it for today you guys I just
want to tell you the story I was holding
my fingers in the door and Bridgette
rolled it up on me and they were stuck I
was fucking screaming the neighbors came
out my hand bled my hand felt broken and
I had to give dad a tour of the house
under the most excruciating pain that I
felt in many a year I'm so sorry
that's gonna be it for today you guys
thanks for watching I was so sad that
you wanted to like thou should have been
the water like tell me to get out your
face and all that I'm just like Michael
I'm so sorry crushed my finger it was
such an accident though I like self Oh
subscribe favorite fallen on everything
add me on Twitter below
and that's it
