what's going on you guys get me on a
camera here it took long enough you to
be here I'm annoying my so doing today
is Monday and today I wanted to take a
minute to talk about the video where I
give grandpa the house I just wanted to
take a minute to thank you guys for
everything that you're doing for this
video you're sending to your friends
you're sharing it you're commenting it
you're liking it I'm just really glad
that you guys were there to experience
it with me I'm glad dad loves the house
I'm just glad everything happened the
way it happened I'm glad you guys were
cool and you know a lot of a couple of
people were pissed off because that was
the prank somebody said if that's to
prank on grandpa I'm unsubscribing I
think it's a pretty good prank so thank
you guys all you guys that shared it and
liked it and comment it and there's been
people who've been recording themselves
watching it and it's amazing the support
you guys are showing it's it's amazing
and seriously thank you guys for
everything so anyway thanks for
everything you guys are doing thanks for
everything you guys have done thanks for
anything you're gonna do in the future
even though I'll make another video like
this thanking you every time you do it
you guys are so amazing thank you thanks
you and it's gonna rain soon last night
was a very somber moment Bridget and I
had a heartbreaking moment when we beat
The Witcher there's still what's your
contract she feels right now how I felt
when I read the last page to the last
Harry Potter boat it was just like a
what do I do now I don't know what to do
you watch The Sopranos you watch
wrestling you read Harry Potter
I heard there's 30 extra hours of what
sir but I don't know how to get it how
do I get this so I'm gonna get out of
here before it starts raining gonna walk
gonna go watch some Sopranos gonna watch
the Monday Night Raw cuz I got a C Paul
Heyman baby and a Brock Lesnar contract
signing no bridge s a contract signing
and none of those have ever gone right
in the history of professional wrestling
now she's so cute those wrapped up
horrible way the pool where Watson
Sopranos so cute Clyde
I figured a little bit oh my god well
your Bulldogs so cute
there with that all right why did you
freak out like that piss cuz he wants to
be on with the Winnie the Pooh blanket
me and Bella oh right
it's so cute so Kimberly uploaded the
vlog where I was playing with Barbies
with Lilly and Eliza if you want to see
the link if you want to see the video
click the link on the side and the link
below it's embarrassing
ah maybe do I look like a good guy in
original wait wait shall we wait we are
the weirdest couple ever tell me your
stories below with you and your company
god I would love love love to know I
want to know I want to know or leave me
are we the weirdest couple ever or
there's somebody else who do weird shit
like that Lee I was pretending a
telescope was a fucking good you see the
thing is we do that often we're fucking
weird
tell us in the comments below with you
and your significant other do let us
know I want to know if we're the
weirdest couple ever or not or other
weirder couples that do crazy stupid
shit you're pretty weird or am I just
the stupidest kid alive no well you're
Felix he doesn't give a shit about
nothing or nobody
oh my god lookey a bitch your sole
purpose here is to feed me and leave me
the hell alone
oh my god Felix don't talk to me that
fell me pretty soon we're doing spruce
up this wall Bridgette yeah you excited
I might have I'm gonna think about
moving this over and then putting my 1
here and I think
we may have a Bridget Weston coming soon
Wow every day it just flying got it no
no you like my clothes in the bathroom
right now and I forgot to pay the bill
Michael I forgot to pay the water bill
what yeah don't don't flush what that
time are you funny I believed you please
turn on the fan please fingers twice you
wanna know what I'm talking about when I
tell Bridget she was to crush my fingers
again click like and I'll tell you in
the throwback Thursdays door because she
fucked my fingers up and it's it's quite
a tale I hope you guys cook like because
I want to tell it no you crushed my
fingers I'm so sorry
well that's gonna be afraid a you guys
thanks for watching again thanks for
sharing the video thanks for commenting
and liking and showing your friends and
everything that you guys have been doing
for us most of my day has just been
spent being in awe about you know how
perceptive people have been over the
video it was on The Today Show radio
shows the little things so many people a
posted it and it's just for one it's
overwhelming I can't believe it's
happening you know it's not that I
didn't expect any kind of reaction you
know I obviously expected something
because I was uploading it for you guys
but I did not expect this you know this
is just something that I always wanted
to do for my dad it was always a dream I
talked about it for
ever and I'm so happy I was able to do
it I'm really thankful that you know you
guys love the video I'm really thankful
that so many people are sharing it I'm
really thankful that Brigette helped me
put this together because without you it
wouldn't have happened you know I'm a
fortunate man to speak an atmosphere I'm
pretty fortunate pretty sure of it I
think I fucked that up
Oh also people have been asking me when
I'm gonna be uploading the part to video
and I was gonna already have it up but
the problem is I needed somebody's help
filming the video because I had to have
several camera angles because I did a
lot of filming I filmed them coming home
from a hidden camera
I filmed two hidden cameras inside I was
filming at the house I was so when the
move the stuff I was pill him and put
his pool in I was filming them build a
deck so much stuff happened that I
needed other people to help me film it
and I can't get in touch with one of the
people that has one of the cameras so
I'm missing a couple of different camera
angles so I have to wait on the video
but it's coming guy get in touch with me
I need the camera so I'm gonna get out
of here thanks for watching you guys
like subscribe favorite I don't like
that again like subscribe favorite fun
on everything and that's it wait guys
our links are below us right we just
sort of cool I'm not tan so anyway
thanks for watching you guys oh I
thought I saw a face looking at me out
the window it was myself
we're not haunted like favorite yes
that's it bye
