how I shouldn't you sent it I know it's
never seen the real innovation I know
that the life that touches others goes
on forever this some nice whoever sent
that cut that out of the log other
people somewhere where we could see it
out here okay I like it
you too
well
you know whoever said it gets easier it
was a total liar
yeah like I wake up with knots in my
stomach every single morning
last night I just sat on the side of the
bed and cried you know like I went to
sleep crying your song didn't help
things you guys haven't heard it yet I
worked on another song it destroyed me
guy is she like ruined the whole night I
can't even think about it look right
don't think about the song please it's
very it's bullshit look all of it it's
the saddest thing that I've ever it's
the saddest thing I've ever heard and
it's it's the reason I hate music maybe
I'm trying to like get something out of
him like a sign that he's there or
something cuz I don't know well I'm
getting sick of it well I don't know if
he's there or not
I need a sign well you know there is
Jennifer's video yeah because a whole
video at what the one you retweeted what
video then the kitchen was she was
making cookies
I do either tweet everything she says
what are you talking about the spoon
moved what the spoon moved probably a
rat
no the spoon moved and I think it was
grandpa what are you saying to me right
now the spoon maybe you not seen this
clip no what are you talking about
you're starting to make me mad let's
watch the club Michael go to her Channel
it's something you should know it's your
sister
Michael you needed show cuz I'm getting
mad like arm hurts well Bridget were
trying to camera it
okay go to oh I don't know which one it
is let's either the cake balls or trying
to keep going well I didn't know much
exactly it's fun it's one or the other
I have never retweeted this I know that
I did retweet a cake balls okay so it's
cake balls oh my god adds after just go
to hell oh and love the ads okay I'm
gonna get this game yep uh-huh okay go
to like four minutes four minutes
yeah and then watch the spoon I can't
believe you haven't seen this rope do
you think I have time to watch Jennifer
make cake balls no no actually though
four minutes yeah it might be like 40
seconds after this waffle okay skip a
little did you know you know I'm certain
is you making this up I'm knowing it was
Hey oh you didn't see it see what rewind
it - what - like 457 okay oh there it is
what are you talking about did you you
didn't see it no what am I supposed to
be looking at Michael show how would you
tell me I do this boom look at the spoon
yeah what was that it was her right no I
think it was your dad hold on don't that
bulb thing no I'm serious
what is moving that I think I think it's
grandpa and it makes me really happy to
see that I feel like that's like the
first like real looking paranormal thing
I've ever seen on YouTube okay so was it
for 50
okay spoon what move did the sweat move
of the spoon
Michael have you not showing me this
sooner
I thought you saw it you retweeted it
IRA tweet everything to Tim and Jennifer
it's Holly and everybody pose I'm trying
to be supportive but you see like a
moving spoon you need to tell me okay
guys and go to Jennifer's massive cake
boss fail video it is at 4 minutes and
it looks like 55 seconds into the video
look at the moving spoon tell me what
you think it is yeah I think I think
it's grandpa I feel like he would want
to be there with the kids okay and he
loves cookie that's a thing he loved
cooking
he loved baking anyway especially did it
a lot around Christmas before he died he
was even telling me you wanted to get
into business making sentiment popcorn
yeah why it makes me happy to see that
because I can't explain it
like I don't know if I wanted to be
explained I don't either
I like that that was really strange and
awesome that was awesome my arm hurts I
cover the ones right when you said that
now I'm gonna make you hold it a little
longer
is it that hard rigid oh I'm seriously
going to have like dude dude seriously
I'm gonna have like one buff arm and
whatnot you've been switching hands it's
both gonna be buff right Jesus
Oh people probably wondering why have
you noticed the camera quality guys guys
today we were trying a different camera
my go to the bathroom to show you
it's not a change we're just try and get
later this guy's we're trying hi Michael
we're trying this camera right here it's
got the zoom look at that yeah and I
keep getting used with it with the zoom
yeah so guys I really apologize if I
screw up today's vlog and zoom doodle
bridges I now I'm making it clear okay I
can't use this either actually why this
is hard why it's difficult I think today
you should film the vlog my arms like
really tired already
okay I'm holding it for 30 seconds how
long did you record that scene for I'd
like 4 minutes maybe oh my goodness so
how is this thing on selfie stag as
weird
good luck we're gonna do it so guys I
don't know what the quality is like with
this vlog it could be worse
it could be better it's been a long time
since we used this camera I got it back
from grandpa this is it's like weirding
me out like anyway guys we're about to
put it on a selfie stick okay here it is
Bridget you want to hold it oh I'm gonna
grate 2 people to put this thing on okay
where's the hokies down there okay all
right first down we're adding the selfie
stick right now oh my gosh this is so
funny
okay got it I'm going to bathroom okay
this is the biggest this is insane you
ready student intro with it here we go
let's try all right this is crazy
I feel like any surgery hurry get the
commuter keep the picture it's shaking
us Annie
all right you didn't get it no my flash
was disabled it was weird okay oh my god
I got it okay
what's going on you guys keep me on the
camera here it's doing we're just trying
to film the vlog with a new camera just
to see what it's like I feel like it's
not a permanent solution that oh this is
too heavy this is so heavy at my arms
still hurt I got like an arm workout
today guys dude I really truly feel like
I worked out all right I don't want to
feel that way yet so I thought like this
camera maybe January 2nd we use this
maybe yeah maybe my hand is really tired
right
mine mine too so anyways you guys I
don't know what caused the spoon to move
I don't know what that was
it gives me like a weird like sense of
optimism I don't know it makes me happy
I feel like that would truthfully be
grandpa and it doesn't even cleared me
out I can't explain it and I don't want
anybody to explain it actually because I
want to keep this like yeah I don't know
I mean I've watched that clip like
hundreds of times and I can't explain it
I'm looking at everyone and Jennifer
said you know she didn't do it I can't
explain it I like it though like I said
you guys we're not going to be using
this camera for vlogs and I know you're
zooming I can see you doing zoom outlet
I'm not I'm zooming out where I can see
the lens like this big okay I know you
can see that yes I see it you're zooming
it back up
you're ruining my see you know and I'm
trying to clear it up Dayoung all right
I got it
Bridget zoom out please
I'll be seen like this because you're
probably wondering why worried
all right all right maybe a blurry again
yes so the reason we're using this
camera my damn cell all right zoom out
now so the reason that we're using this
camera for the vlog is we're trying out
new stuff for the main channel like
let's say I do a Twitter Q&A right I'd
like to use this camera or like I don't
anything that we want to do that's not
vlog because we can't vlog with those
cameras so happy all right so if you're
wondering what the quality is like in
the daytime we did shoot a little
footage in the day check this out
how you doing Clyde it's raining buddy
you know that right you see the water
coming out of the sky oh okay he knew
what he was doing he wanted to peel the
boxes he done come on
one of the things Bridgette and I do all
day watch all vehicles coming up near
our property yeah it's behind this big
Bush oh there it is okay okay why are
you got our mailbox that's a felony it's
a felony star look I appreciate the
support okay but you can't check my mail
yeah I don't check her mail Jesus get
away from my mailbox prick I'm just
kidding folks that's our neighbor he
can't hear us let's see what if he sees
me recording what are
that thing let's do one out at me okay
I'm covering the lens Wow is that we're
going to cover it is a super weird so
this is the camera you guys I don't know
how the quality is we're gonna look into
other like DSLRs I don't know how it is
but guys we got something important to
talk about we got to go outside
something's going down
all right Bella there's something going
down okay I don't want you to worry but
we might be losing our home guys at the
front of our like neighborhood now I
don't know if I can look it just comes
up as a blue bulb so as you can see
right here at the front of our street
there is a Christmas tree sitting there
and we were like okay what's that what's
going on okay this just doesn't work it
would work a lot better in the daytime
okay but I hate kind of yeah you can see
over here there's a Christmas tree guys
they took our neighbor's yard our
neighbors moved and they're turning it
to a Christmas tree lot what are they
gonna do in a couple years of my call so
that's my worry Bridget right now it's a
Christmas tree long yeah what is it
gonna be next year a gas station a
doctor's office a car lot we're gonna
have to sell our damn house again we
better keep up with it because no one's
going to buy it if there's gonna be a
gas station
seriously guys are you not paying
attention what's been happening in our
lives I don't know it's gonna be too
bright to see me or do darkness evening
guys our last house we had to move
because they turned a freaking Street in
the backyard a highway okay we had to
move from trailwood because blowing but
we turned it into a parking lot
okay we had to move out of the house
after bowing because they were turning
the street into a gas station so they're
turning the neighbor's house into a
Christmas tree lot what is happening to
our house now I'm getting tired of
eminent domain it's changing from
eminent domain to find where Michael
lives domain and it feels perfect she
kind of feels like that sorry I live
seriously if you haven't seen it's the
Mitt Romney Saturday Night Live sketch
where Kenan Thompson kept getting fired
from Mitt Romney's jobs like then I got
job part-time at an Orange Julius then I
got a shoeshine stand working for tips
and I got a leave mad - so guys under an
assumed name it's starting to feel
personal I don't know what's going on
I'm not gonna move they're gonna have to
pay me first you owe us money if you
turn into a parking lot we're gonna be
giving out of here in just a second you
guys but before we do I wanted to call a
fan yesterday I was sent a video about
the guys at broadband TV and there's
this kid named Elijah and he wanted
something for Christmas and his mom
reached out the guy's a BB TV and they
sent him some free stuff and they sent
me a video of him getting the stuff and
the reaction was awesome I know oh my
god he was so happy to get our shirt
that I was like get me his number
I'm calling him so I'm calling Elijah
right now oh they have no idea we're
calling I totally got some BBT to get me
the number uh yeah as Eliza better it is
get me on a camera here how you doing
man
bring us here man yeah you know I saw
the video if you get in the t-shirt or
the hoodie and I was like I gotta call
this kid he's a huge fan I'm calling him
right now man oh yeah I'm vlogging this
everybody what's up
well have you been man I you know you
know I was really happy to see you
enjoyed the hoodie and stuff you know
man I know exactly what you it we're at
right now because you know the last week
when Dad was around you know everybody
kept saying oh he's gonna go any day I'm
like could you guys shut up please like
you don't know that you know
let's pass that bridge what happened
yeah it was hard but you can't lose that
optimism because ya never take it one
day out of time that's what we did that
was really oh that's like one of the
first any spit on the burgers there's
some stuff that we've done over time
like yeah there's a video from the
Superbowl nacho video where I spit in
the nachos and game to dad I didn't
really spit in the nachos we it was a
prank that I pulled on dad to pee but I
might have spent the burgers I don't
know I'll be back he guys just got off
the phone to Liza
it was my pleasure to talk to you man we
talked for about an hour really good kid
he he's wise beyond his years if he was
teaching me stuff that I'm not okay just
grace is fight hold the camera this is
too heavy
okay my arm is like tired guys will
there do the outsole I guess I can't
keep doing this
will you just point it already you're
tired guys we're getting out of here
thanks for watching don't say man don't
thanks a lot I'm assuming on you so you
know no I'm a foot of you I will zoom in
no you better to zoom out okay yeah
thanks for watching you guys had a
really good day I hope they don't sell
the property next to us and turn it into
a gas man don't talk like that if they
do won't be for a while
guys tomorrow is Christmas Eve I want to
wish everyone of you a Merry Christmas
be safe take care of each other thanks
for watching you guys
like hold on here we go subscribe okay
babe rent woman everything but you I and
that's it done with this camera
