what's going on guys bridge of STR so
ever since we realized the prank we're
going to pull on grandpa my class been
waking up every single day at like 8
a.m.
and today was the first day I was able
to sleep in it's 9:00 and I started to
get a little worried so that's a snake
by the way it's real plank okay
Hey don't move
what slowly what Michael you know what
time it is I don't give a shit stumpy
okay so you let me sleep all day
yeah dude you've been waking up so damn
early lately I figured you should
probably sleep but I was definitely kind
of worried about you know even your C's
tonight 10:00 wake up so tired still go
back to bed
maybe you'll wake up early and know you
know you're pranking me you changed the
times oh look what the fuck is this it's
dark it's nine only remember this one I
found it
that was the gaboon viper wake up okay
okay
I'm strong enough for it
what's going on you guys can't be on the
camera here but just here is how you won
the fucking intro yeah
hey it's apparently not a clog I'm being
pranked it's a fucking it's like noon no
you probably black shit on the curtain
it's just oh you moved your hand I can't
see anymore okay what the fuck dude why
is this so wait you slept well he
doesn't get up I got to sleep all night
good morning
so Oh Laurie what's going on you is it
really nine o'clock
it's probably later now show me on your
phone 9:18 show me you in your phone
bullshit on this is that your screen for
real me squirt me sleeping with Bella
yes how long has that been like three
years
oh god okay you know you want to take
this because if I hope they have to have
the camera go down the stairs you're
gonna do another slip good morning
you're gonna cause me to slip good
morning Michael hey what's going on you
guys can't be on a camera here and it's
really 9 9 4 just here so I clean now
I'm happy very happy
the only explanation that I can give is
you know I've been dealing with the
house stuff not every morning I've had
to get up and you know seven and eight
in the morning you gotta go book you
gotta go do walkthroughs you gotta sign
contracts you gotta do this you gotta do
that you gotta you know somebody that
fixed it it's like Oh
so this was the first day that I slept
in and I guess I'll fucking hibernated
you did I didn't sleep is this still
freaking Saturday that's the question
no it's Sunday night bullshit dude
Saturday oh stop pranking me today I
just woke up as my morning still D look
at that tomato Michael fell back asleep
watching UFC
wake up Michael you know like that
either did you buddy Oh Claude what's
all this going on it was funny yeah hey
bailed you take my little bed who you
got Mendez or McGregor when my finger
stink that's what she was tried to say
she gave my fingers a good luck put her
hand over B it was like get away you
want to leave you alone but Bridget
cleaned the kitchen while I was asleep
it was a wreck but it is clean now
looking good what are you doing that
were always just sittin hey there boys
pick a boiling cloud behind the camera
here right I mean clouds happy I'm awake
your breath stinks what you would eat
well that's gonna be it for today the
dog was like shut the fuck up
Thank You Bridget for waking me up good
mornin I should go back to sleep him I'm
gonna letting this dog run our live
that's not our dog by the way no it's
not ours
no you can't come over here Bella is too
busy trying to sleep
just leave is he even lays his food
again I was up at some point because I
posted tweets so I was like sleep
tweeting yeah I sort of remember it they
don't love me anymore you can't like
come downstairs and say let me but I
don't remember waking up anyway I'm
gonna get out of here thanks for
watching if you haven't seen the video
where I give grandpa house from
yesterday click the link right here if
you're excited to see the second
follow-up video or I have team to move
all this crap smack that like button
it's very funny it's very fun stuff she
hated me the whole time like so how many
gasps yes
me actually she's always pissed so
thanks watching you guys like subscribe
favorite I'm going by the bed we're just
for just for just for us
