what's going on you guys kid behind the
camera here and today is Friday and
today I uploaded the video where I gave
grandpa house it's the prank that I've
been working on for the past few months
has taken a lot of time a lot of effort
it's just it's been a really really long
process and today I wanted to talk to
you guys about how I pulled it off
so around March Bridgette and I were
talking and the subject came up that
wouldn't it be really cool if we were
able to get grandpa a new place to live
you know the trailer park that he's at
now I'm very grateful that they were
there when you know Boeing took over the
trailwood trailer park and had nowhere
to go and with what a fine of a place
but he was paying rent and paying went
is like putting your money in a hole you
know and I really wanted him to have a
place that he can call his own a place
that he doesn't have to pay a rental and
a place that he can own and be proud of
and I noticed that he started to
decorate the trailer he was in accepting
it as his permanent residence and I
didn't want that to happen I wanted
grandpa to have a place that he could
really and truly call his own so I
decided with Bridgette to start looking
the plan was for him to have it on
Father's Day if you don't remember I was
telling you guys that that his father's
day gift hadn't come yet because there
was a lot of legal logistics to it and I
couldn't get it in time and we were
searching and nothing was working and I
couldn't get him a Father's Day present
so I had to push it until today but I
want dad to know how much I care about
how much I love him how important he is
to me and there's no better way to tell
somebody how much you care about them to
doing something really big for them and
I think this is really big for me I've
never you know growing up I always
wanted to be in the position where I
could buy my dad a house so a few months
ago we took dad out with us to start
searching telling him that Bridgette and
I were looking for a new place to live
and the main reason I was doing that is
because I wanted to see what he likes
because I don't want to give him a house
that he doesn't like so I was getting I
was getting his reaction to some of the
places that we were looking at so I
decided what to get for him based on
what he was saying we should get because
I knew he wanted the best for me and I
knew that I wanted to get the best for
him whatever he wanted I wanted to make
sure that he had so let's take a look at
this this was from a couple of months
ago about my
and a half ago Bridget and I took
grandpa house looking right here was at
a manufactured home park because I'd
gathered the idea that he did not like
you know places like I have which was
the first thing we were looking at and
he didn't like it so it took him to this
place and I was like I should record it
so check this out this was the search
look at this one pop Michael boy
bugger you can set here and put your dog
comes out there and your dogs out there
tonight guys we got like a pool attached
well you go get a pool to thinking about
it
damn man what the fuck I could but
here's what it is you're saying this a
lot like you make me feel bad about this
don't feel bad Nick I'm Fred I'm glad
you're getting your thing yeah Wow Lou
they're my problem you don't hand this
nice Mike your bed I guess you would you
go there's like a microwave is new place
yeah one round outside play with the
doll yeah let me get get it cool in here
regular pattern my this house is my
dream what what about like a brick home
yeah I like brick old man guy yeah I
like this is me this is nice
are you smoking yeah I always smoke now
you're fucked this could be my new house
don't smoke in my new house I'm not
smoking your new house damn good I like
this front when you walk in man those
real nice Mike I really hope you get a
boat whichever with you Sodom I
appreciate you let me come help you look
formed up but I like this damn lightly
give anything it's got temperature the
light iced height you got a lock
you keep oh my god Lee the size of that
Mike over like you put a lot of stuff in
there
y'all love yard like this man God man
I'm eyes
God will check the fort zone
but I here's on to stamping a bridge so
this is this would be our bath just be
your bathroom man god
Daniel sleep you to death Michael so I
gave him the house the other day and he
loves it I'm so happy that he loves it
he's now moved into the house I've got a
video coming up in the next couple of
days of grandpa moving into the house
but it's gonna take a bunch of editing
like I got so much to edit I send
grandpa on a wild goose chase telling
him that I needed a package picked up
and while he was gone I moved all his
crap from his old place to his new place
I also wanted that video to be Tina
helping us move so she can come to
grandpa's house whenever she wants dad
thought that when he got a new place
he'd be escaping Tina not quite so check
out this preview of the video I'm gonna
put up next come on let's go faster dang
it's starting to rain tea let's just
make them do everything we'll just chill
a honey yeah let there go little fucker
faster though cuz if your father comes
home she's been in this house I'm not
beating bow down for this you are your
fucking asses get working and what that
fuck you stand behind me for ya asshole
fucking do something
you better fucking do we deal with that
and that's it that's what the video for
today was gonna be I just wanted to tell
you guys that I gave grandpa house I
wanted to tell you how I pulled it off
grandpa was with us every step of the
way looking for us not realizing that it
was for him the entire time if you
haven't seen the video click right here
also the link is below check it out I
hope you guys enjoy the video I hope you
guys enjoy it as much as I enjoyed
giving him the house and it's not over
yet he's got more coming I can't wait
for you guys to see thanks for watching
you guys thanks for everything thanks
for sharing the videos and liking them
and commenting and supporting us and
just being there and be able to share
this with you guys is dad
I really hope you're enjoying the house
if you notice the grills gone during the
video I gave dad the grill uh we weren't
going to use it
I figured it's a nice grill why not let
them have it so dad I hope you enjoyed
the house Bridget and I really work
really hard for you have this I'm so
happy for him I am too you know we prank
each other but we don't hate each other
and that's what it's about I you know me
and dad are like this we've always been
like this even though he bitches and
screams at me and maybe he'll lava makes
me feel down on myself and makes me
regret getting the house and I'm just
kidding
I don't regret it I'm really happy I was
able to do this for me too like it's an
amazing thing to do and I'm really glad
I was able to share with you guys so
thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe bribe I say to subscribe like
oh wait now I'm computing here like
subscribe favorite song and everything
but that's it for just for just for just
