hey guys what's going on Kim here just
here
twang Kim's gone point point point you
got point in a start near foggy point no
it's not a prank it's getting foggy
what's going on you guys
can't be on a camera here visualized
here this is the worst part about doing
videos during the summer because I like
to be outside because if you can't tell
I'm really athletic and agile and I like
to be outside a lot so I've got to keep
wiping the lens repeatedly and
repeatedly and replete replete Osmos a
repleted lee repeatedly yeah this intros
took about 30 minutes
why quick and today is Thursday which
means today is throwback Thursday which
means I get a throwback Thursday story
for you so before I start the vlog I
just wanted to talk to you guys and tell
you how cool you guys have been how cool
it is to always have you guys on our
side how it's cool to have your support
guys are amazing I love so much this
prank tomorrow is for all of you this
prank tomorrow is for grandpa this prank
it for me that lets drinks for everybody
thanks from me nope everybody bite
Bridgette what so I'm uploading the
video tomorrow about 6 o'clock I really
hope you guys are there to see it I
wrote what is it
hey fuck this individual yeah I'm
finishing the intro in here forget
Bridgette her little snake prank somehow
to lock the door on or anyway so thank
you guys for always being there I hope
you guys there tomorrow see the prank
experience this with us really excited
to show you now I'm really excited to
lock Bridgette out
I heard a noise out there the fuck
fucked up here open the window
well the prank backfired on me
the camera fell on the sink and I just
spent the last 15 minutes trying to get
water out of it to make sure it still
works this sucks
what the hell Michael okay this is like
embarrassing as hell dude
oh holy fix what he's doing trying to
open the window there we go oh my god
why does it do that
wait it doesn't do that to me you are so
clueless feel bad see you dude
boom Britain's plan bewitched you again
have a feel amazing oh my god I need
food me too
what see oh come on the game yeah well
I'm heading up the stairs a familiar
sight for me yeah I guess obviously it's
a familiar sight because I live here but
I haven't been here for a little bit I
promised I was going to do this and I
didn't do it I promise I am gonna get to
this eventually but at some point I'm
gonna get to this I just can't bring
myself to fucking picking all this up I
also want to get my niece a big
collection of wrestling toys uh so if
you guys know a good place a website
somebody selling them somebody who's got
a bunch of these wrestlers let me know
I'm looking to buy some for my niece I
want to get a whole bunch of them
she's a huge wrestling fan I didn't know
how much she liked it until they came to
visit so I want to get her as many as I
can get so if you know anybody selling
any
write me on Twitter just if you see
someone Craigslist just let me know at
one point while Kim was here she filmed
me playing with Barbie dolls with
Lillian Eliza I'm hoping she doesn't
upload the video don't write her an ass
for the upload don't do it Oh looking at
all this I I'm having shit I didn't
realize I had John Morrison tajiri I
have a Chuck Liddell Undertaker hybrid
that I was using pretending to be
somebody else Oh God
so one of the main reasons I chose to
come up here to look at the wrestling
toys is because it deals with my
throwback Thursday story and it is about
the time it's not even really a time
because I've always played with
wrestling toys but I wanted to tell you
a little bit about my history with
wrestling toys as far back as I can
remember I played with wrestling toys
ever since I started watching wrestling
I started collecting action figures and
I always played with them and it used to
be I couldn't have them in my room there
wasn't enough room for the wrestling
toys I room so I had my entire set up in
grandpa's bathroom like grandpa didn't
have a bathroom for a while uh-huh he
had this a big tub and next to the tub
there was this like counter space and I
put a ring on that and I filled the tub
with all my wrestlers and I had fake
blood and cages and weapons and
wrestlers everywhere the setup was
crazier than this there were toys
everywhere which meant dad couldn't take
a bath I was being a little bit of an
asshole about it that would be at the
table gives up a weird new shower
don't use that bath though my toys are
ready don't fuck around on my shit yeah
I was an asshole I wouldn't let dad use
his own bathtub you can only use the
shower with my permission sometimes I'd
be playing with the wrestlers and dad
would come barging into the room just
your goddamn ass out here ah can I take
a shit I'd leave the room I'd come back
ten minutes later when he's done and the
bathroom would just bail and reek of
shit and I would just be playing with my
wrestlers breathing and shit oh my god
Stone Cold Steve Austin's done it and
that was sort of my life for about five
years and then we moved to another house
and my room got bigger so I was able to
transform my wrestling toys into there
how
for I needed a space and back then I was
really into independent wrestling and I
wanted to create my own little
independent shows and dad had this big
TV that was inside of a wooden frame it
was a frame TV the TV was built into
this wooden cabinet
I had no value of like money or objects
at the time so when Dad was gone when
they went to the store I took a fucking
sledgehammer and I bashed the TV until I
was able to rip it out of that box the
TV itself I tossed in the back yard
I took the frame to my room and I turned
it into a little independent wrestling
array to put the ring in the middle of
it and I put people around it and didn't
give a shit that I broke the TV dad gets
bad where's your folks to go to
Jennifer's shit and I didn't care I
destroyed the TV I kept it for my
wrestlers and they didn't even get mad
at me and I sort of carried on like this
until now until current day I've always
had a thing where I wanted to play with
wrestling toys I don't know suspending
belief I don't know what it is
I just they're fun dude and I'm not the
only one you got people like grim from
Grimm's toy show he plays with fucking
wrestlers and his wife just threw his
away who do you think you are bitch if
you want to see the video of Grimm's
wife throws his toys away link below
shame on her if somebody knows where
Grimm is go to his trash and take him
out so I can have them but that's just a
little bit of the history with me and
wrestling toys Oh God sometimes I even
use the toilet as if it was like one of
those spring break shows in it throw him
in the water dad just took a shit in
that toilet yeah I'm a kid I'm a loser I
play with toys and I can't stop because
I love them I fucking love toys and I'll
always play with them except Barbies Kim
erased the video I don't want no one to
see me playing with Barbies because then
they can finally say I do play with
dolls in a way that's gonna be a fair
today you guys
Bridget's downstairs I'm gonna end the
vlog up here so she can't get in on this
thanks for watching thanks for
everything click like if you're excited
for the video I'm uploading it tomorrow
around 6 p.m. Eastern Time
I really hope you guys enjoy it I worked
very hard on this
Frank it was a good prank and I can't
wait for you guys to see it thanks for
watching that was me and my toys my
little history with dolls thanks for
watching you guys like subscribe
favorite and I've noticed I've had this
color over me the whole time anyway
that's it
