we are waiting for an elevator going to
the Charleston aquarium aquarium
aquarium you couldn't tell I just
checked the elevator mixer was empty
before I finish the song this is so
exciting
was the way the middle of this one 2500
you know he noticed that one of the
elevators in our hotel is 2500 and the
other one is 3500 supposed to fat people
of a yeah yeah it's the elevator to the
left
I'm going to braid out here bring smiles
right three two and one straight right
here
excuse me funny Kim want to edit that
green screen behind you too anything I
want with you oh my oh that's not going
to resit in hell with her family we
don't need a ham stammers yeah
it's great in them we have one
my oh my god I'm good guys I'm trapped
in an aquarium pain point whoa
I'm trapped in the trap I want Frank
look at Tommy
b√©la word turtle this is her
zooming and watching the cars drive oh
yeah I was trying to do that the other
day
well we're done with the aquarium now we
hear it
Anjali nice pizza we came and the girl
Lily brought her a little shark date
with her
how you doing shot
gals on
and breakfast so good I'm miss Manderly
knees
for some reason
we ordered a pepperoni
it's a rare condition this day and age
Enya love a tradition it's Brandon sign
some people sing it's even harder to
find
well it must be some magic in size I see
the tower of greens real of busting
everything
No
I took the last ride in on a standby
flight to Charles
and you let me wait in there while you
spend the weekend
your taste of six wheat or milk that I
should have thrown away with
for the ride
the child
why you
we got
you're the taste of six week or I milk
that I should have thrown away with the
well Kim just left she's on her way back
to New York she's been in for a few days
she came here mainly to do the prank
with Grandpa which we pulled off and
mom's here mom was here to see Kim Kim
leave
did you enjoy having Kim very much
Bridget it was so sad I definitely cried
Bridget cried I know I need to leave oh
my god I miss them so much we are gonna
see Kim again next month when we go to
New York City for SummerSlam and I'm
definitely going
we just come in to SummerSlam oh I am
coming to suplex City bitch yeah
you pushed me and you're out oh so that
was it Kim joined me for the prank
yesterday I pulled it off on grandpa mom
came to see Kim the prank went great you
guys are gonna see that Friday I can't
put it up today for legal reasons but I
am gonna put it up Friday I'm gonna be
letting you guys know on Twitter what I
did
follow me below me super Joe West I
might throw in some clues you want
though oh yes I will for just four
toasters are what my wrists like that
I'm the man holding the camera I'm the
woman mom is all about her technologists
ask for me come on Bridget fast no no
one's kicking in with Grandma kicks
Bridget fast here we go video good gosh
of write-up Bridget - oh that give me
the video title now grandma kicks
Bridget's ass thanks for watching you
guys click like if you're excited for
the prank I'm gonna upload a Friday
follow us on Twitter and we'll be
dropping hints so you can get an idea
what we did to Grandpa it was amazing I
really enjoyed it Kim I really enjoyed
having you while we did can't wait to
see you next month and that said like
subscribe favorite and that's it
