what's going on you guys keep you out a
camera here but just here lilly annew
here and it is Kim's birthday today
she turned thirty six thirty right
thirty she turned the big 3-0 might
eight is hanging out Kim turned the big
3-0 today we're celebrating at a
downtown Charleston wind is blowing a
little bit out of you can hear me we're
gonna end the night with a nice little
dinner at a Japanese Steakhouse ah
awesome that sounds socialist we've
never been to anything like this so I'm
so excited it's so pretty out here do
you remember playing in this fountain we
even played in the pineapple are you
allowed to play in that anymore I don't
know I remember the last time I was here
I was searching for my ps4 uh-huh on the
treasure hunt that's right yes
although she just fucked in there we
don't know where she went
oh those go all in
I guess she's moving
these are a barbell
my camera yeah do that one
all right Jim I dare you to go
face-first into the water all right oh
my god I did it it went straight to my
brain
fake fake fake so putting my face in
there has ruined my hearing like it's
like it's like everything is like can't
explain it okay that's the most thing I
can hear in my head but not my ears oh
my god is horrible it was pressure boom
on to my face I know buddy
inception two cameras going before she
taking another buddy
so from here you can see pickney castle
and over there fort sumpter filming Kim
film picked me castle zooming into it oh
this is awesome much better than yours
look now I've been Kim zooms away more
than mine it seems in but it's not that
greatly clear I'm just a squirrel trying
to go to nuts what's up as Frank would
call it
it's a torii rat what I think I just
filmed a rat or squirrels are gonna crap
his balls dangle yeah we're placing
right where this to move on where look
what are you pointing at show me this
yes
are you are you stoned no whoa Bridget
we're looking at the reflection of the
flag up there it's a shadow flag flag
flag pole flag us okay I see it looks
like a crawling thing hey Bridget how
you letting you trip out into the ocean
and love it
we can't do it that loud here
hi we got Kim hi Kyle what was your name
sir
Terrance we got Kim Sprint's the area we
got Newt and Grandpa you could be nice
there you go
do you know what up
really
when nobody cameltoe Chatard you played
five minutes like a stalker watching him
from a distance I know you
all right okay so if you're wondering
why grandpa just walked out like this we
all just left without finishing our meal
we got recognized court we get
recognized everywhere we go really and
somebody said oh oh I recognize you
you're that old man that defends all the
black people
oh you on that you were on that black
website WorldStarHipHop first of all we
do not defend black people we defend
people skin doesn't mean anything
skin is nothing skin color is nothing
and so we still have food to go if we're
out of here we paid and we're out of
here
so it sucks but racism still alive would
you eat really thanks rice for my
chicken
what did you eat Newt why are you
pinching me
Sheila get them out of my face with that
thing you're pinching me in the sunburn
hurts really bad pleased to have well
that's gonna be it for today you guys I
wanted to briefly touch on once again
because I didn't really articulate it as
much as I wanted to in the parking lot
what happened at the Japanese Steakhouse
pretty much ruining Kim's birthday
dinner so the whole night there were
little racist remarks you can hear
people asking their servers if they were
Mexican and what the stuff says on their
hat in Spanish and if they can read it
in Japanese and the whole night was
highly offensive and very uncomfortable
and we were swarming to our seats a
little bit like oh it's not comfortable
sitting in this place right now the way
people are talking at one point even the
people that were sat with us at our
table you can hear say Mexican Bob when
the guy says you know he's putting
teriyaki all over the rice and they were
asking people if they were illegal
immigrants and it was very very
uncomfortable to be there tonight so
when somebody comes up to us and they're
asking us why we defend black people and
go on black websites and we need to
watch what we say about cops in this
town you know that kind of stuff rubs us
the wrong way because it is a people
thing it is a respect thing it is not a
color thing it is everybody deserve
deserves respect and it's ridiculous
that we still have to say that in 2015
that people deserve fucking respect
so dad left first and then I left sort
of put a real damper on the day Kim I'm
really sorry that your birthday was
ruined it sucks you come home and you
have a horrible birthday we did have a
lot of fun downtown I had a great time
I got so much footage that I couldn't
even sort it all to put it into a vlog
but I tried this is what I ended up with
I hope you guys enjoyed it got more
vlogs coming got grandpa's prank coming
looking forward to it that's gonna be it
for today you guys thanks a lot for
everything thanks for being so cool to
us thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe favorite happy birthday Kim
and that's it
