what's going on you guys kid behind a
camera here my job over here huh
I'm here too it's the intro yeah well if
you've seen the main channel video by
now you would know that Kim is here with
the girls and Kyle yes are you moving
here yep they're here forever good
no they aren't here forever good I'm
glad that we're not sure which I don't
even really sing anymore just a good I'm
glad to both they're never gonna see you
again
good great they're coming over later for
dinner good great hey
you gonna mouth down ain't none here so
Kim and the girls are here to surprise
grandpa we have many more surprises in
store for dad this week you can't yeah
like what I don't know man it'll may
repay for supper well that's happening
anyone we judge I'm using your $20 you
still owe me but if the taxi ride I'm
not really giving you 20 yeah you are
you doing joining you're gonna pay me 20
what that was a joke I didn't even need
my bag it wasn't a joke when I do it so
you owe me 20
well Kim has been here for about what 15
minutes it already calls hate and
discontent there's already been a fight
so Kim you've come to South Carolina and
you get in one fight already you just
you to my daughter we go to the car
rental place
there you go get a black override later
my apologies if you can't hear me is
really windy and ran in bad are usual to
be looking for a place to run a car not
she's doing that walking around trying
to get in your picture actually I'm
letting it load so thank you you want to
use my mom's cooker this is so okay my
phone sucks what am i sorry so here's
what they told us to rent the SUV with a
debit card you need to have a South
Carolina ID she didn't have that so we
got dad with a Democrat I do or credit
card without feeling ID and then he says
well you need actual credit card not a
debit card to rent the thing anyway
betting what you said the first time so
we almost had a video inside the
enterprise store I was like let's get
out of here for somebody goes to jail
and
the world is breaking apart while I vlog
you hear this I know
this has been a real good welcome home
party for Kim yay can I ask you a
question you have to eat that right now
well they say Sunoco just came to roots
press well there's a kangaroo though
he's like getting a look salsa yeah
bigger the guy yeah
oh this can be a rough ride
your teeth in so we just left hurts on
bacons bridge road so much better I
can't even tell you it's like night and
day from enterprise what was her name
Kristen Kristen had hurts on vacanze
Bridge Road like you are like dialing
that check dude she went above and
beyond for us she gave us so much touch
it was cheaper it was cheaper than
enterprise they were way nicer than
Enterprise Enterprise has an attitude is
suck and that has Enterprise on cross
County Road well Kim's here bridges here
the girls are here grandpa's here I'm so
happy they're here they're finally here
fourth of July is tomorrow night Kim's
birthday is in a couple of days and I've
got a major prank to pull an angry
grandpa within the next week this is a
great week to follow our Channel let me
tell you that this is a great week to
watch our videos if you're a fan of our
videos and you like seeing people get
pranked
I've got the ultimate prank coming next
week that's why Kim's here
gonna walk all right let's go
you did do it
okay he's our weight limit in this yeah
it's like 400 pounds what'd ya say 400
yeah we're gonna drop you didn't hear
that tether I just heard something
snapped
I just heard something's up wait 2500 oh
my bad
thank you I don't know I must have been
looking at all those pictures I'm
pushing the elevator wait myself yeah
she's like hold on I went on for this
ring
get your bad wow this is nice
all right let's check the Bible of
course the Book of Mormon hello so hey
it's me Elijah I push a button they send
me one cheeseburger please bring me some
silk bring me the finest of silk okay
well can she hit zero she's getting some
I know I'm sorry I'm sorry my niece was
pretty with a phone
okay Kim breaking the hotel apart
typical creepiness your terrible grin
we're causing damage out there we go I
get this phone off the hook
Lily just called gasps it is a pool are
there people swimming pervy Bridget I
want you to be cool what
be very cool very very quiet I'm zooming
it on their faces what we're being
followed
that car behind us what they've been
following us this whole time ever since
we left the hotel oh we just got over in
this Lane they got over in this Lane
there were two cars behind us and they
nudge their way over front of zoom man
let's do the turn on their turn signal
cuz I'm doctor my number okay let's see
if they follow suit
who their turn signals on oh my god
they're turning to oh my god I almost
deal with
who are you guys what do you want why
are you guys following mine
yes
wait a minute we look familiar
he's here she's doing in her head she's
Dante's beer and then tendons here and
she's doing it in Chittenango grandpa
being here look like juggernaut we do
not I'm the juggernaut bitch you're a
joke or not well that's gonna be it for
today you guys long day went out to
dinner we went swimming earlier I didn't
film that I don't wanna be filming us
swimming in the pool me in particular so
the reason I brought Kim and the girls
in Kyle out is because I wanted her help
with a prank the prank that I'm pulling
on grandpa bringing Tim out was not the
big prank I was telling you guys about a
couple of weeks ago she's here for the
beginning stages of that prank that's
coming next week in the meantime Kim's
going to be here for the fourth of July
and her birthday and we're gonna have
Kim all week so it's a really really
cool Kim I'm glad you're out here it's
gonna be really fun really quick I want
to bring up the enterprise car situation
one more time I know we brought it up
like four times in this vlog but I don't
think any of the times really
articulated what happened so Kim knew
she was coming out here about two months
ago and so two months ago she signed up
to enterprise and she filled out the
information she got a car and they sent
her the emails confirming it and they
called her to check up on it and they
emailed her to check up on it and they
called her this morning
to make sure she was still coming out to
her trip and so she gets here we go
there and they tell her she can't get
the car because she is from New York and
to get this SUV with a debit card you
need to be from South Carolina and so
she didn't have that she got a little
pissed off the guy was being rude to her
he started yelling at her in the store
she started yelling in the store it got
ugly in there she was slamming shit down
she was pulling an anger grandpa so I
got grandpa nose like hey get in here
and so because the guy said you could
rent the SUV with a debit card after
from South Carolina we decided to use
dad's debit card because he's from South
Carolina and then the guy snaps with
well first of all he's not on the
transaction number one and number two
you need a credit card not a debit card
well dude you just said we could rented
it with a debit card that were from
South care
alignment he is it's like they just
didn't want to do any business with us
so we pretty much got kicked out of
enterprise today dad was bitching tim
was bitching the guy was smart enough to
dad and given us dirty looks and talking
shit it was Roth dude I won't play the
guys on his phone I can't talk to this
bitch let me get out of here and he
walks away and then we left they started
making fun of us and they were laughing
and it was just a horrible way to start
off the vacation they could have told
him beforehand that she couldn't have
used her South Carolina
or her New York ID to get a card they
didn't explain any of that and so we
went to another car dealership right
after it not a single fucking problem
and it was cheaper and they were nice so
fuck enterprise so anyway thanks for
watching you guys long week ahead of me
but it's going to be very eventful and
very rewarding so thanks for watching
you guys like subscribe favorite and
that's it and I got to go to bed
