what's going on you guys kid behind the
camera here and today is Wednesday and
today I'm doing a little bit of Twitter
Q&A last night I asked you guys to
submit your questions and you went crazy
you sent hundreds and hundreds of
questions all night last night this
morning today right now it's it's going
completely insane and it's really
humbling and I can't believe so many
people wanted to participate in the QA I
obviously couldn't answer all the
questions but I tried to get to as many
as I could which was actually about 15
I'm sorry if I didn't get to your
question but I'm gonna do another one of
these in the future and hopefully I can
get to you then our first question comes
from Ginny Miguel and she asked well you
guys ever do a meet-and-greet like a
VidCon you guys are big now so don't
pretend like you aren't we aren't we're
not big um I mean I'm big if I ever did
something like VidCon I'd have to go
like one of you guys I would have to
just pop in see some of my favorite
youtubers and get out of there I don't
want to advertise that I'm gonna show up
to something and nobody comes there to
see me it'd be embarrassing I mean I
just I don't know that's not me I'm not
the kind of person to want to show up at
a booth and sign autographs and charge
people to see I that's not the kind of
stuff that I'm about I would like to
show up as you guys and if you see me
there come say hello you know it's I
don't know I just don't want to
advertise myself to be somewhere
pretending like I'm something that I'm
not
Rose wants to know if I ever get people
pressuring me to get my driver's license
and what advice can I give people that
are afraid and don't want to do it first
of all on a daily basis I get pressure
to get my driver's license whether is
from Bridget say that I need not press
you I don't know I mean I I don't know I
prefer you not drive you don't
understand you I don't understand
anything about driving I'm too afraid
I'll be sitting over like Bridget what
are you doing why can't we go why are
they allowed to go and we're not
yeah I get pressured but at the end of
the day I'm too afraid to do it and I
don't wanna risk somebody's life by
getting behind a wheel and what advice
could I give somebody who's afraid none
I know nothing about this stuff if you
don't want to drive don't because I'm
not maybe I don't know maybe one day
I'll learn to drive I doubt it because
I'm too terrified to be on the street
but if I had to give advice if you don't
feel comfortable driving don't drive go
pro Brothers wants to know what are my
top 5 TV shows number 1 Breaking Bad
hello number 2 the office number 3 It's
Always Sunny in Philadelphia number 4
South Park and number 5 The Sopranos
and yes of course you can get a follow
Bridgette follow that man a range of
Silva wants to know and I do apologize
if I didn't get your name correct dude
I'm stupid I dropped out of school mr.
Silva wants to know well angry grandpa
I'm psycho dad ever meet I can't say no
I can't say yes um I can say that I'd be
terrified to be in the room uh psycho
dad likes to use fucking farming
equipment and chain saws and axes and
dad likes just going fucking tirades
with crowbars and weaponry and I don't
know what what happened if those two
were to collide I'm now going in
wrestling promotion mode psycho dad
angry grad and you got mcjuggernuggets a
pickle boy in the middle hoping to God
that our televisions and ps4s are out of
the room
well thank you grandpa and psycho dad
ever meet I don't know
I'm friends with mcjuggernuggets we text
each other we talked about how horrible
our lives are I don't know that I'd want
that to happen because I've got
expensive stuff in this house maybe if
it happen at Jesse's Stan wants to know
Ellie gonzalvez or Bridget come on
Bridget what would I choose anybody else
but bridgetta mate besides Ellie's
probably obviously in a relationship
right hey uh raelly
I would choose
le I would choose le - god damn it
Buzzelli she is my woman if you want to
see that video of elegans august so you
can see for yourself and let me know who
you think i should end up with check the
link below and if you guys say le Brigid
they decide my life answer for them le
le it is le are you dating anybody I
know she's a vegan and I am a pig but I
don't know le I feel like we got
something special that's not a way to
ask a girl out Michael will you go out
with me Ali wants to know which Harry
Potter book was my way because I say
she's a mudblood
does this make do you think I talk to my
Bloods I'm just kidding obviously I
don't believe in magic Ali wants to know
which Harry Potter book is my favorite
good question
um I can't choose one I'm one of those
people I love the whole series when you
read book 1 - book 7 and the whole
picture comes together all of them my
favorite and that's kind of a cop-out
somebody who can't choose an answer but
it's true I couldn't choose a favorite
book and of course I'll follow you
Bridget
follow that mudblood Joseph Mac wants to
know who would win in a dildo sword
fight Tony Soprano or Walter White it
comes down to a variety of factors and
who better to ask a question about
dildos than dildo boy behind the camera
first is Tony Soprano alone or does he
have his friends and family at aside to
help him fight number 2 are we only
using dildos or can Walter White create
a machine that can shoot dildos at Tony
Soprano I don't know who would win and
the dildo sword fight between Walter
White and Tony Soprano if it's just a
straight-on fight Tony Soprano will beat
the shit out of Walter White you would
just smack the fucking shit out of him
however if we can get a little bit
creative here Walter White would create
a machine gun that shoots dildos forum
dildo dildo dildo sanic wants to know is
Felix part of the Illuminati
yes Jimmy John wants to know if I had a
chance to go on a date with Taylor Swift
would I be honest yes
can I come which come are you talking
about Lewis wants to know what's my
motivation to work out good shy are you
pushing me too hard stop yeah let's just
take a second to appreciate how terrible
my green screen job was right there I've
never done green screen before I tried I
had to go build my own you want to see
my green screen I can't keep going I
can't so yelling yeah that was my
version of a green screen because I
don't have when I didn't know what I was
doing and the last question comes from
Kirk who says my fiancee says you will
never reply to me prove her wrong please
hey you like them apples fiance how you
like it follow him in your face you
following it yeah current we followed
you we replied to you we proved your
wife wrong there you go Kirk Updike is
that your real last name because I
apologize if it feels like I'm making
fun of it well that's gonna be it for
today you guys thanks for watching I
hope I got to answer your Twitter
question but if I did maybe next time
you're all set didn't if I bit in if I
didn't I hope I answer your next time
seriously keep submitting your questions
I'm gonna keep answering on twitter
follow me below to us follow us below
I'm gonna be answering Twitter questions
all night I'm getting a little dark here
thanks for watching you guys do us like
subscribe favorite do it mmm I don't
need to shave that's it
