what's going on you guys fat fuck in a
rainstorm behind a dildo up is I don't
know something along those lines behind
the camera here just now Bridget
screamed her bridge awash here after I
already hit pause so go ahead and say it
again yeah right there over here though
today is Tuesday and today it's starting
to storm and today I'm starving and
today sucks and today I've got a
headache and today I went walking and
today I went I'm sticking to that diet
it's let me tell you it's hard but it
gets easier every day yesterday was
easier than the day before and today is
easier than yesterday tomorrow it's
probably gonna be next to impossible for
some reason I don't foresee but for some
reason no what can you do it every day
coming up pretty soon as anger grandpa's
prank and within that I'm gonna bei
can't talk about it forget I said
anything so we're just sitting here
listening to the rain that's it I was
listening to the rain Michael what keys
a telescope tonight oh shit the
Bethlehem star was tonight no so anyway
I'm gonna get my Tuesday started it is
Tuesday correct
let me check I really don't know yeah
Tuesday June 30th so people said on
Twitter to ask Siri what is 0/0 see she
says what is 0/0 imagine that you've got
zero cookies and you split them evenly
among zero friends how many cookies does
each person get see it doesn't make
sense and Cookie Monster's said that
there are no cookies and you are sad
that you have no friends Siri just
pumped you dude see oh I'm turning Siri
off steering pump Bridgette and me and
now the rains coming down I really like
that tin roof Ridge with the sound of
the rain hitting it
come on rain put me to sleep rain or
diabetes one of you put me to sleep
sweet serenity filling when the Maid of
the Mist me too
not really it was a lot worse would you
like the maid of the mist yeah that felt
like they made an advance
I don't know if I ever said anything but
I lost my fucking hat on the maid of the
mist I think you twit it was gone I
don't have anyone found it
yeah seagull that shit inside of him
sunk it to the bottom this was so
beautiful you hated it yeah cuz I didn't
like getting wet but bridge is not a fan
of getting wet I'm not what's up hey man
uh uh yeah I'll die huh huh I'll die
coming good I guess I brought you
something I brought you and Bridget oh
okay thank you
you just asked about the diet and then
bring me what is this a summer eat it
you do this every time I can't bring you
don't need
Oh oh dude got you that got your shower
all this heavy Michael Oh what is that
Hanson Hanson hey Brett now I've got
plenty of uh five packs off you are a
diet saboteur Oh would you eat okay you
don't wanna go I can calm yourself down
hey I want to make sure you eat I
thought you weren't talking to me
are you talking to me again finish your
supper Thanks how's that that's fine are
you I can't believe resist that you
don't like pans it I know what it is
then why'd you order it I don't know
soon you get it okay oh man you're bad
it's like really thin noodles would you
if you don't know what Panzers would you
tell don't order what'd you just say
I forgive me that that's that oh I'm
doing my Fedora now better so did you
you know is one of those things you do
every time I die all of a sudden food is
everywhere if you don't want it say so I
do want it then eat it
shut up chill out here you want to get a
thumbnail here hold this to the camera
it just stinks
well where'd you get it from your
favorite you got it from them
our oh well wherever 35 mouths get your
food my favorite place
yep my feel comes on your soon or so
delis catch that's also comes along hey
take my picture seven percent still
don't know you watch out Dennis catch
with what does that mean it if you send
it to him right right now they'll put on
a TV show
really yeah well well enjoy your dates
for sabotaging the diet
you don't want you know I want it they
need to shut the fuck up I got two more
bags in the van
what does that mean more food more food
for me yeah when you get do it I got
more for you what did he do this for
okay I trash it
no no it's hard should I show them show
seriously grandpa does not know sleaze
wait what do we do this for what the
fuck dude what is this gravy I'm thrown
it out man we don't need it we've done
so good I'll deal with this
don't touch a thing
I don't want though anything where
you're at Michael just eat a little bit
let me to fix you a plate
how do you know I love Panza I love
Panza what Dad this would obviously be
mine okay I already claimed it oh man
hey don't you do oh my ID up wha hey
I'll take a piece of pork a little bad
for the young blow yo jess is really
bitch for that bullshit 1 1 5 minutes
ago
who's daddy's freaking listening what
are you doing we with the fucking food
over there dude Janice who what what
mostly turrets allowed hydration another
top on his convert I don't think I'm
gonna let that win Oh close this up
maybe I can save it from mom what do you
think words it let's just put it up well
that's gonna be afraid a you guys
grandpa is a diet saboteur he doesn't
want me to succeed at my diet he does
this every time every time that I say
that I'm dieting all of a sudden he's
got the best food the house when I come
over he'll come over with McDonald's and
I have a good idea what town we're not
dieting ever again it's good if I'm not
dying who like you can love my food you
fat motherfucker come Sunday dinner fat
motherfucker watch I bet not only does
he invite me to Sunday dinner but I'm
probably the best Sunday dinner he's
ever fucking cook tell him we are no
longer dieting
we are fat for tomorrow's video I'm
thinking about doing a little bit of
Twitter QA so tweet me below and follow
me Bridge OS and tweet me your questions
and I'm gonna be answering some Twitter
Q&A tomorrow didn't get to see the
Bethlehem star didn't get deep no
Chinese food didn't get to watch much
Sopranos that's right turn up in the
widget today sucks so anyway that's
gonna be it for today you guys today
sucked like subscribe favorite favorite
fun on everything and that's it yeah I
only do that I think it's kin
unless I'm sucking big now
