what's going on you guys get behind a
camera here bridge what's in there not
out here
pickle boy I tried to do it is Monday
and today is right behind and today is
perfect
and today is be cooking here and today
is I got tired of growling I had to cut
it right there
first things first if you haven't seen
the vlog from yesterday click here here
I don't think you made it to it do it
again here it has one of my favorite
moments in any of my vlogs when I was
reading the text messages anger grandpa
was sending me khufu
detailed monk so if you haven't seen it
check it out and that's it man short
intro getting our vlog started Monday
style kinda watch wrestling gonna cook
and open a wrestle Craig him do a lot of
stuff gonna have a lot of fun not gonna
have a lot of fun that was a lie
well it's time for me to cook a little
bit of dinner and Bridget and I went on
the computer today and we google
searched healthy chicken recipes oh yes
I did
Oh so we Google search healthy chicken
recipes and this is one that came up it
calls for chicken breast salt pepper
onion powder and cream of chicken soup
so let's check this out hopefully is
good I'm worried cuz you got the
fat-free cream of chicken oh it's gonna
be so good man if this ruined it we also
have some fresh corn that Bridget is
going to make some cauliflower mashed
potatoes with only healthy night boy all
right let's have a good look at our
chicken here you know me I don't feel so
good oh would you if I coughs up like
that up I would think it's your lung
give it a little bit of a beating this
heartache out on my anger on Bridget
yeah I want a pound Bridget in the face
I just do this
oh my god rich bitch I'm tell me
something yes I want pouty face no what
do you mean we can't watch wrestling so
first I'm gonna do a little bit of lemon
pepper from mrs. - Thank You mrs. - yo
bitch then we're going to do a little
bit of onion and herb mrs. - you know me
so well so we're going to flip them now
we're going to hit the other side and we
just put them in our dish cutting up the
cauliflower where you just cut your
finger off how do you gonna have is that
something you're gonna fall for
I tell you cut your finger off and you
think oh my god did I because I had a
fear doing it I'm not really good at
slicing things cheese bridges it's like
oh stop it and now we are loading the
cauliflower into a boiling pot you know
this stuff is so good for you - it's
crazy that it actually does taste like
mashed potatoes I know my god okay so
you're gonna drain the carrots and Pete
OH oh my god I'm sorry I I don't know
what happened oh my gosh now I don't
hear this that just happened to me and
who the hell uses this to drain
vegetables everybody use the cannon top
I will do leave me alone
oh my god that is so funny I'm gonna
clean this off uh-huh so I got pissed on
the counter Oh we go bad Mike
put my hand put hook oh it's cute this
is a phat hand that is blended into like
a looks no looks like a baseball mitt oh
man this bowl what's that it's time for
chicken come out make sure you use the
oven mitt
well I stupid no no coffee roll water
looks pretty good no it really does so
here's what we're doing next I am going
to first cover it with cream of chicken
and to that I'm going to be adding
carrots and sweet peas and now we'll mix
it all together and bake it for another
10 minutes
YUM do you think we're good I think it's
awesome and the Messiah the recipe says
you could put it over rice or something
an egg noodles if you want I figure egg
noodles though they have too many
calories yeah man so does rice so I'm
going to stir cauliflower mash potatoes
yeah
it'll mix well with it oh yeah okay now
we're adding the cauliflower to our
ninja yeah here we go on the puree some
colorful
see how it turned out look at that
looks like mashed potatoes yep okay
first we're going to add a little bit of
light butter now a little bit of pepper
and a little bit of salt it is time to
take the chicken out back in that oven
is cooking as you can see we got chicken
sitting in sauce we can Oh cuz it'll be
good
Michael please go watch my haunted house
while we eat this we can watch the fry
house Oh oh my god
all right I got a little bit of water in
my eyes cuz I just burned the shit out
of myself so it's I'm gonna drop some
corn that kind of sounds like a drug
reference come on just drop some corn or
shit reference I'll go draw some corn so
it's a rip vigorous it's a vigorous boil
and it's time to drop some corn yeah I
just gonna shit reference now it's time
to do some plating you're loving this
cauliflower mash and ear of corn and
some of this covered chicken too good
little pieces the question becomes you
want to knead this bean mix over your
mashed potatoes yes
Bon Appetit thumbnail how's this
thumbnail you get a headache doing this
it's time for wrestle today okay sure
cuz everything's wrapped in the sugar so
dump it put the short side it is a macho
man oh yeah Randy Savage popped we yeah
awesome condom 15 months hello need you
that's funny
Ring of Honor world's wahoo
the world's greatest tag-team Ring of
Honor anthology awesome dude
- awesome Ring of Honor DVDs in a row
it's sick dude hey lazy are you doing
this is an autograph for party Marty
this is awesome it is really cool
everything always get all this good
exclusive stuff in these and this is a
book Oh awesome
what okay it is a book and it is signed
by Jerry Lawler oh wow he might have
done the artwork for this cuz he is an
artist
oh so neat yeah that's really cool Jerry
the King Lawler signed this this is sick
is it is it real or is it pretty it's
real oh my god that's so neat he had
announced on Twitter that he was signing
some stuff for Russell crane so this is
something signed that's so cool oh yeah
oh my god
I think the Bellas should sign stuff for
Russell crate leave this look how much
the book cost Wow the book cost 20 bucks
not to mention it's signed by Jerry the
King Lawler you got this you've got the
DVD you've got the pop droid this is
like 60 bucks with the stuff that I got
for 35 that's amazing I fucking love
Brussels it's my favorite crate and
maybe it's because of a huge wrestling
fan obviously but it's fucking sick dude
even have a shirt
shirt oh my god
here we go old school that's so cool I
think it's supposed to look the Old
Spice logo it's actually really cute yes
I look huge in this right now but it's a
play on the Old Spice logo is talking
about old school wrestling yeah did you
like my little Russell crate today oh
she took off and the Clyde took up over
here well Bobby she goes one way he
comes in the other Billy Belle's eating
grass should she not be lugging grass
fella no more grass well that's gonna be
it for today you guys gonna get out of
here watching some Monday Night Raw
watching some Sopranos enjoying my
wrestle crate enjoyed my dinner had a
great solid day add Bridget and I on
Twitter below are here Facebook we're
just out Nicole - right is it fucking
Melman - that's a problem princess for
to us Instagram
are you done her own on top of this pose
good Jess hey Marcus ah thanks for
watching you guys like subscribe
favorite I'm gonna zoom thing like
subscribe favorite and that's it
I love you guys
