what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here but to us he are right there
and today is Friday guys today is Friday
and today it's gonna be a short intro I
just want to let you guys know what's
going on today because right now we got
to get Christmas shopping done Oh guys I
cannot it's like I cannot believe
Christmases than what for three days
it's like three days away you guys gosh
and Santa Claus has not done any
shopping for my nephews yet like because
of what happened with dad
we just sort of spaced out right like we
just sort of gave up on it and I spend
so much money on the funeral that I was
like I don't know I'm just gonna be a
Christmas like okay on it you know but
we're definitely gonna do it guys
Christmas has to come this is gonna be
the only distraction that these kids are
gonna get yeah right so no matter what
christmas is coming guys
christmas is coming I don't know what
that was I don't know what I was doing
there I was gonna do them and then I
sort of thing about food whatever guys
today is Friday let's get some Christmas
shopping first will you come again mom
right now with the hair well the old
hair she had it's like hold on do you
like do you like Michael my remember on
h2o what he held the mass really tight
to his face when it was more like in
there like that's right just let you rub
it really hard against your face
it's pretty crazy oh my goodness this is
hilarious she has no idea why it's fire
do you smell anything there's a bug in
just candy put it back on how did you
fall for that get it back on you would
have known there's not a bug in it yeah
we're getting ready to go Christmas
shopping you guys but I wanted to film
Jennifer and the Michael Myers mask give
all right because the reason it's out
here because lazy pissed and that's not
a joke even in the hair hey drenched it
smells just like your hair J let's go
Christmas shopping chill chill your eyes
well Alicia don't smell like pee anymore
yeah this was pretty good I was like
coconut it's worse hey Jenny you ready
to go Christmas shopping hey and the
bright side that's the worst thing that
can happen today Cumberland okay who
knew shopping for shoes was this hard
it's very difficult I had no idea it was
this hard shopping for kids however I
gotta figure it out
what's that face huh Michael they're
pink this is okay this is the ugliest
things I've ever seen in my life forget
this forget my crappy choice
she's just called these pink what's
going on with your vision
Jenny's colorblind these were blood-red
they're freaking here rather not they're
not blood-red they are pink these are
rad dude she's colorblind
I'm not even question what color these
red she's just a pink they're pink
I read she's colorblind right yeah yeah
you're on the spectrum
yeah we're gonna get the one I'm Jake
Paul glasses you're colorblind dude
you're so colorblind so what colors
green colors this box orange okay so
she's colorblind like this is orange no
are you figuring out like right now
we're cutting you're colorblind have you
what color is this journey like a yellow
dude she's legitimately colored y-yeah
do so your kids might be color blind to
it do they know it we need to tell them
no you know one time I wanted to
question it because she had she got Nike
shoes right
with a pink outline but she kept saying
they were purple but I didn't pay any
attention to it and she hates pink we
could have clicked beta colorblind stuff
a long time ago this one yeah I don't
know but be careful
I was really hoping for fail I know you
are I really was sick dude those are
nice these are real - yeah those are so
nice dude so even film this let me ask
you gentlemen your boys watch our vlogs
hey don't oh thank god
alright they were slogan pas but just in
case it's your job as a mother to keep
them away from the vlog because they'll
see their own shoes yeah
block yeah wash get behind the camera
why would they you know I feel kind of
ya bunch of offended different no you're
joking I'm legitimately offender thank
you no they don't they do if they do you
can't show them the song hey wait you
understand yes in case you boys against
you dude these are not yours no who is
it the appreciate thanks
Jennifer Shane what Shane who's Shane
that was Shane pushing them over to make
us laugh oh my god is this your socks
Michael help her I can't because I have
to film what a serious note I just got a
phone call from my brother family friend
just passed away I'm gonna talk more
about it when we get home
we've known Shane for how long it's been
a super long time so guys we're gonna
get into that when we get back this year
is awful like we can't we can't lose any
more people seriously I don't want to
remember this year and I'm not even
kidding seriously I'm done with that
2017 was absolutely awful
Bridget cover this on okay Jenny you
really can't let the boys watch the walk
yeah do not let them watch it I'm not
even go and just show some of it no like
I'm literally filming Michaels head and
Jenny is hot okay I can't use the
footage if you're just filming my head
Michael I can't show the other okay you
don't gonna show that but you can show
me you can show my face okay orgeous
you're so sexy
yeah what what my god I'm laughing at
what that says switch oh okay oh thanks
for speaking out loud one of the gifts
hey you know she's ow she's sick I'm not
beeping you know I still work
okay don't let my nephews watch this
vlog this your sucks
it does I agree it's the worst year I
feel like we're gonna like touch on it
like on New Year's Eve or something yeah
like this year has just been definitely
the worst on our family's records yeah
yes definitely the worst year I've ever
loved let's just talk a little bit about
it dad got cancer ad pocalypse battles
like that's the theme battle yeah I mean
this has been the year of battle so
we're gonna talk about that on New
Year's I don't want to really brush on
that I do think you know like this year
has just been like the worst seriously
there's just no way next year is going
to be as bad or even bad there's just no
way next year has got to be an honorable
it has to be a great hey would you just
say the words an animal she she can't
say the word nominal phenomenal hey
there you go is it phenomenal phenomenal
it's oh my god phenomenal phenomenal yes
yeah I taught you how to say a word haha
anyway Pete color blah I can't speak
oh yeah you're definitely close so on
top of all the other horrible stuff we
lose dad yeah and then Shane
man Shane was gonna be off you know
Shane seriously
we'll see what cheers for Shane now
Shane Shane and I hope you up there were
dad making a big bonfire you know oh man
remember the time Shane get dragged up
the street I'm gonna tell that I'm gonna
tell them for the small exhort yes oh my
god literally up this tree that's gonna
be later no we're talking about this boy
I need to hear this dude
you'll hear it later I promise you the
funniest thing in my life I have ever
seen ever nothing will ever top it no
movie no joke nothing the funniest thing
oh holy crap we got we got food coming
before we do that I want you to say the
word again phenomenal you straight
you look all sad right now you looking
all sad right now look at the mirror
put your hair back oh I have a weird
question zoomies mountains I do but I
wasn't gonna tell you but it's you it's
not me it's you
it is not me it's you ran bro it's very
strong are you serious yeah
then came up and gave you oh the hug the
hug oh no my fan came up and gave me a
hug even I'm so sorry
wait maybe it's her did you stick a fork
into an electric socket like what's
going on here okay okay they got a
sterilized that fork and covered of
sleds this is a crazy cat lady
carlins getting outta here in just a
second you guys before we do I wanted to
take a minute to talk about our friend
Shane number one to tell the story that
I touched on at the IHOP the IHOP I
don't think anybody's ever caught it at
that the story that I touched on that
IHOP one of the funniest things that
I've ever seen ever I'll get to that in
just a second number one I just want to
talk a minute about who Shane was he's
never been on a vlog you know we haven't
talked about him he's just one of those
family friends that we had you know when
we moved to Gaston to be closer to my
grandma he was our neighbor and you know
my brother didn't have any friends and
Shane was like his first like real
friend and he would always invite us
open like bonfires and you know to hang
out and watch wrestling with his dad and
he was such a nice guy one of the nicest
guys that you know that I know that I
knew he was a super nice guy and when we
moved away from him he still stayed in
touch and him and Charles were really
good friends and just a really really
cool guy a really good friend and
apparently he had an asthma attack and
they couldn't give him they couldn't
like couldn't save him so Shane I love
you man I'm gonna miss you you know you
don't realize before it's too late like
I should have gotten back in contact
with you you know when Dad passed he was
one of the first people to reach out and
he was posting on Facebook and he was
you know we lost a dear friend and we
were talking and swapping some memories
about that and it's it's hard that less
than a week later he's gone now so Shane
I love you you're a really good guy
you're in heaven with your dad now with
my dad so rest in peace man you know a
couple of years ago when I first started
doing throwback Thursday I asked him for
permission to tell a story and he gave
me permission and I never like told it I
was like I'll tell it later and I kept
pushing and I never told it guys this is
the funniest thing that I have ever seen
in my life in person so I was sitting
outside and and I guess as the story
would go Shane and his dad were going
somewhere or his dad was going somewhere
and his dad gets into the car and he
cranks and he starts driving off it's
not a car it was a little white
Mitsubishi like pickup it was really
small it was a little pickup truck and
it started driving out of his driveway
the door burst open and there Shane and
he's in his like tighty whitey underwear
and he's holding all of his clothes
under his arm and he starts taking off
why why and first of all this is already
hilarious right full grown man tighty
whitey underwear running screaming for
his dad to stop the truck but that's not
where the hilarity begins Shane jumps it
was like the scene on Terminator 2 where
the liquid metal man is chasing the car
and he cool and he jumps on the car and
he's dragging behind it
I thought Shane thought it was possible
right he grabs the tailgate of the truck
and he cried he hits the ground and his
dad doesn't stop and he drags up this
jury so Shane is holding onto the
tailgate being drugged up the street
screaming
and he was in total misery you guys he
gets up in the ground he finally lets go
and the dad keeps going down the street
never stops he gets up
his stomach and chest pouring blood it
was unlike anything I've ever seen and
he's dropped his clothes and he goes as
loud as he can and at the time it wasn't
funny but now looking back it was
absolutely hilarious his dad drives back
Shane puts his clothes on in the
driveway gets in the car and they leave
that's it he just left no no like
talking no like hey why didn't you stop
just got in the car and drove away
so that's the story guys the funniest
thing I've ever seen in my life the dude
chase the truck in his underwear he
jumped out grabbed the tail gate and
they drugged him about four houses up
the street absolutely hilarious
Shane love you man dad I love you
getting out of here thanks for watching
you guys know doesn't get easier I'm
trying not to make it obvious on camera
I don't want to keep crying on camera
for you guys it doesn't get easier
though thanks for watching like
subscribe
dad Shane don't get too crazy out there
you
