what's going on you guys kid in the same
clothes as yesterday behind a camera
here could you ask the same coach mr.
day here right here what he doing today
is Sunday and today is Sunday didn't
know it isn't
I got uninvited from Sunday dinner when
I woke up this morning apparently last
night dad got whiff on my vlog prank
what food and I got uninvited in grand
fashion to check out these messages that
I read in grandpa and my voices then it
sound right mining grandpa's voices yeah
check this out you pranking me don't
both come in to Sunday dinner who told
you that I saw you a vid I'll be there
anyway don't come over Mike see you soon
goddamn come over in our bosch TV what
the fuck man doctor fuck doc your
fucking luck dog fuck it I can't dog
these are hard to read let me try this
again dub fucking come over Mike I've
got to light you on fire dumb fuck could
be over bike I'm gonna light you on fire
break you Jam TV ps4 break you goddamn
door I take your damn dog to shelter -
oh how can I forget the best part of the
conversation when we were talking
yesterday while making peanuts what are
you up to make it be nuts
Cajun Karachi I think you met sriracha I
don't know so I got uninvited from
Sunday dinner he's gonna break the ps4
is gonna break my door he's a light me
on fire he's gonna send our dogs to the
pound
no if he actually ever did that though I
see good I thought he couldn't do it
well he does he couldn't I'm saying
that's gonna happen
what which sucks because I wanted him to
try that new Pizza Hut pizza with the
hot dog crust no Sunday dinner no Pizza
Hut crust video today just sitting here
doing nothing can you believe this shit
I went from Sunday dinner to Grandpa's
to eating Applejack
Oh almost wants an apple dad
oh my god I'm sorry baby and have one
I'm a king here keep behind Kim I was on
Twitter that if you tell Siri 112 she
gets really mad why I don't know 112 get
your phone it's charging here's like 112
comic emerges love huh
what the jolliest I did not know that
holy so fuck yourself Siri now I never
wholly cool head I've been trying to
call dad he's not answering me he's
pissed off because about the prank still
getting pranked even if he knows about
it he's still being pranked nothing he
can do about it answer your son he's
trying to talk to you about stuff what
if it was an emergency I do I gotta tell
Siri 112 what if I call him through your
phone he doesn't like me dude
are you even probed him into his phone I
don't think you are I don't think I am
either
we'll see yours Bridget's mom
okay first of all that was an old video
you say knows me
ha that was an old video
yeah
it was
we've got new
hold on
does it matter you're gonna break me so
she goes out
come on hey come on dude
that was funny no it's really really not
was it steaming and hot it's really
funny to get me stepping in fucking
dogshit that's really fucking funny
wash your foot although it's Lipton
dogshit
I'm deleting that video no you're not
yes no I am so funny oh you gonna let
the camera get wet
okay menu I'm supporting so I just
talked to dad on the phone the
conversation went about like you go
quickly you go get fuck you I tried to
tell him was an old video I don't even
care if he knows yes that I'm pranking
you the cats out the bag yeah okay I was
pressed
I should cat noise hey I'm losing I'm
losing my mind I just did a fucking cat
noise is that a spider what is that
where it's like looking ahead to a
spiderweb between the two hoes right
there so anyway just enjoying my Sunday
the best that I can
at my house without pizza we could order
pizza but we shouldn't we should however
we can cook something healthy like what
maybe big chicken No
so bridges over there playing The
Witcher rather than help me find
something to cook we don't even have any
chicken to bake he just want to play The
Witcher
we do have chicken it's completely
frozen wait a minute
fries are used by May 25th does that
mean is bad I'm not gonna have pickle
boy dies from food poisoning as the next
video
oh you hear that I say I'm not gonna die
food poisoning and she's - please busy
playing The Witcher 2 care that's it
taking my hat and I'm leaving I can't
have any of the indentation well that's
gonna be it for today you guys Bridget
hippy Bob oh she can't be bothered hast
it the witcher's what is that
Oh anyway I'm gonna get out of here you
guys we gotta find something to cook for
dinner the baked chicken you want Bob no
no close my shirt so I don't
looks like I'm like milking thanks for
watching you guys that was my vlog for
today grandpa hates me grandpa hates me
got uninvited from Sunday dinner grandpa
hates me hems make a peanut with ketchup
so right now grandpa is at home making
peanut ah daddy ah yes I use the clip I
finally found a place to use it at
thanks for watching you guys gonna find
some baked chicken or watch The Sopranos
and starve like subscribe favorite and
fun that's it
hey what wait what
let me guys I give the last word love I
love hello you guys
