what's going on you guys could be at a
camera here I just yeah my stomach is
showing cuz Bridget pulled on my shirt
I was here mom's right here tell
everybody hello mother
hello mother what you said tell
everybody hello mother
we are here at Olive Garden the last
time I were coming to this place dad was
leaving me in the parking lot well I can
assure you my mom will not do that to
you
well she tries that I'm gonna take off
running you know where man you ain't
crashing us okay so we're just sitting
here me fix my hat I look like crap
we're sitting here at Olive Garden and
my mind is racing what are you getting
mom at the you knows noodles I'm
thinking chicken parm double order
chicken plump chicken gnocchi soup I'm
thinking just the breadsticks and salad
for me I'm thinking just a salad this
sucks
at least us all it's good right cell
sucks compared to chicken parm I know it
does so we're just sitting here waiting
on the table it's gonna take about 15
minutes and you know me I want to eat
now I don't want to wait to eat I want
to eat this a second so if we can go
crash for somebody else I'm cool with
that man come on you think rich
and what is that supposed to be this one
suggestive mmm-hmm Oh Monty suction
suggested the cheese and bread just
sitting here waiting on the entree so my
mom ordered chicken fettuccine that's
what she ordered mom ordered chicken
fettuccine
I got salad I've got to point out just
how disgusting it was when mom was being
sexually suggestive for that bread let's
look at that in slow motion with
romantic music avid so anyway mom is
sexually eating undone I think mom's
looking for some sort of sexual
gratification so look for one of the
blue ones that does this okay pretty
what's that remind you of emoji oh
that's pinky oh my god well we just got
out of dinner how'd you like it mom ah
very good you didn't like it I loved it
what was that face way well I can't move
my back so we're leaving the olive oh
man I hate to sound I ate two
breadsticks I cheated a little but it's
not as bad as I could have gotten
frickin chicken parm with Alfredo you
know so I could've gotten my favorite
chicken gorgonzola or steak oh let's
just go back anyone we want no I'm
really full from salad no you're not yes
I am I'm not full from the salad I am
the Sun so now we are at Walmart
what is going on here hold on
like you never know so other picture
with you yeah yeah man biggest and
biggest fan yeah yeah yeah and you give
me the vlog of you don't mind
subscribe to everything everything
everything
no I'm just feeling camera selfie and
Walmart chef you Walmart Oh
she pushed me down she slapped me in the
face
I'm sorry I'm sorry
okay if you real kids alright it's only
embarrassing okay
if you've ever gonna be you don't love
me what okay well we were leaving
Walmart and I wanted to make a quick
note there were a lot there are lots of
people in Walmart that we could tell
newest bill o'clock and I heard one of
the moms so my point is if you know us
come up to us we do not mind it's cool a
lot of people will point out us hang or
take a picture you can come up to us
it's totally cool if you see us out in
public come up to us hey you guys you
miss us Oh Clyde just answered the
question for me how about you feel that
you miss us look at this we come home
and they'll just say fuck you were doing
our own thing oh whoa well little Bella
just hopped into this chair like a human
hope she's leaving so you'll be talking
about me I'm out of here
hey girl did you miss us all day you
ready for the prank well that's gonna be
a free day you guys pick a boy here I
just hear did have much of an intro so I
figured why not do the intro here a
matter of fact let's just do the intro
what's going on you guys came here for
those asking why I didn't upload a vlog
yesterday it was because I was busy all
day working on this prank on grandpa and
it's huge it is the biggest prank I've
ever done
Bar None it is the highest level prank
that I have ever pulled off assuming
that I pulled it off which I can't see
why I wouldn't pull it off even if I'm
telling him now and he watches it that
he's being pranked he's not gonna guess
this prank it's that good I don't think
there's any hint
there's no hence I'm not giving anybody
any ideas it's the ultimate prank let me
tell you it is the best prank I have
will ever pull I'll never top it sadly
I'll never top this prank I'll pull some
good ones but I'll never top this yeah
this is like
nope not in this vlog Bridget that was
almost too much information for the
prank now follow me on Twitter and I
might tell you guys but if you follow us
on Twitter below we might give you some
hints maybe yeah maybe had a great day
with mom and Bridget's mom and we went
to all of garden and I'm kind of proud
of myself I stuck to the diet there I
had salad had a couple of breadsticks
I did get sweet tea but we're in the
south man I know this is the South baby
you don't get sweet tea baby
so anyway thanks for watching you guys
ultimate prank incoming I don't know
when probably about three weeks so it's
coming though so thanks for watching you
guys like subscribe favorite fun on
everything and that's it wait what I
won't do it
