what's going on you got fucking fog fuck
what's going on you got fucking fog kid
behind a camera here and fuck today is
Thursday and today is the and today is
throwback Thursday which means tonight I
have a throwback Thursday story and yes
does it is still on my forehead I've
been scratching at it it was a zit and I
scratch it into a sore what yeah
that's all anybody's looking at anyway
it's like this what's going on you guys
get behind the camera here and today
it's throwback Thursday and today so
it's Thursday Bridget and I have been
walking all day because we're trying to
lose some weight again Oh God before
Kim's wedding I was doing really well
the thing is I have maintained one
weights like an entire year I think the
last time I did a weigh-in Wednesday I
was like 335 and right now I weigh 335 I
haven't lost I having gained I'm just
sort of sitting here teetering and it's
enough I'm not gonna be doing the
Wednesday weigh-ins because they
distract me and they fuck me up and I
always feel like oh I'll just not eat
until after and then I'll eat what I
want and then I fucked up I just need to
pay attention to what I'm doing so I can
finally lose some weight because I'm
sick of being a fat ass fat ass behind a
camera so that's been my day walking
subway Sopranos throwback Thursday wit
sir would you later as you can see this
fifth thing rain coming up cuz Witcher
ain't part of my day just got back from
walk number four hot it's it is so
fucking hot out there what is the
temperature Brigitte 90 so this is like
twice as hard than we were walking the
first time because it wasn't nearly as
hot when we were walking before
why what did he tell mom I'm talking
about like months ago ah so yeah it was
hotter earlier yeah I would like I
hunted together anyway just got done
walking by to eat me a sub sandwich from
Subway honey oat ham and turkey
eat fresh well Bridget is in there
watching The Sopranos and I am gonna go
take another look at the room grandpa
destroyed because I'm thinking about
finally getting in there and cleaning it
it's such a creepy waka for vaunted look
like this is terrifying imagine coming
up here go into van every night with
this off it's terrifying if you believe
in ghosts which I don't but I still
terrifying all right here we go oh man
have another look at it oh Jesus I
forgot how much damage he did oh jeez
man it's really hard to look at I'm
gonna get in here tomorrow and I'm gonna
finally clean up the damage oh I can't
bring myself to doing it tonight though
Jesus
I got a prank grandpa soon there's got
to be something in here to prank him
with snakes maybe some of this thing I
gotta think of a good prime all right
you guys hear that music building up in
the background that's gonna serve as a
montage for my workout let's go
she's like going up my ass
hello ruined my fake little music on
time now is do the move look Bella what
oh my god Bella I guess I lost couple
pounds today I do it for okay let's try
this again you're the music playing it's
time for a music montage fuck sake she
ain't playin no more oh my good
what do we do oh okay
I don't do get up and try get brunch it
oh my god what is happening for Bella oh
my god fucking scare Ashley
Wow
well that is almost it for tonight I
just had to change my outfit because
Bella messed me up threw me on the
ground humped me wouldn't let me up by
the way for the record my outfit is very
silver who is I look I look at the
fucking Taemin here's the cute series
I'm the Tin Man you're adorable
but before I get out of here I wanted to
tell my throwback story the origin of
this throwback story is years ago I
wanted to be a stand-up comedian that
was the dream pick a boy live on stage
and I chicken shit and I couldn't do it
cuz I'm too scared to do it
and it's the story about how both of my
parents put fear into me when I was a
child every time that I would try to go
to sleep so when I was growing up we had
roaches and I don't mean you know we had
a couple of roaches I don't mean you
know you're walking down the hallway and
you see a few in the corner I mean we
had fucking roaches okay we had more
roaches than we had food in the house
there was roaches in every cabinet in
every drawer and every one of the shirts
and socks and shoes you wanted to put on
your body
we had fucking roaches we were fucking
infested we had the kind of roaches that
we would take with us to places
unknowingly we had the kind of roaches
that you would see swimming in the
dishwater at 3:00 in the morning doing
backstrokes on top of your dirty dishes
we had fucked up roaches they were
everywhere it was disgusting now that
make matters worse to the fact that we
had kamikaze roaches that would dive on
you from random locations in the house
we also had my mom who had horrible
wrote stories so all my life I'd have to
hear about the time that my grandfather
had to go to the hospital because there
was a roach trapped behind his fucking
eye my dad was trying to sleep and the
roach crawled into his fucking ear and
ended up behind the sod they had to do
emergency surgery well what do you think
that does to an 11 year old kid who's
impressionable and already terrified
that the fucking roaches to begin with
so what did I do
I decided to start going to sleep
wearing fucking earmuffs I've stuffed
cotton balls in it I shoved toilet paper
inside it
earplug because i was so afraid that
when i was asleep a roach was gonna
crawl in my ear and end up behind my eye
and I'm not so sure that it wasn't a
possibility we had so many roaches that
I'm sure before I started doing that
there were roaches and my fuckin ears
and that became a routine for me every
night before I went to sleep put the
duct tape on my ears with cotton stuffed
into him one time a cotton ball got
stuffed so far down my ear that I
couldn't find it and I had to dig the
fucking thing out with a rusty nail
that's kind of fucked up people we were
I dug cotton out of my ears with a nail
anything like I had the kind of
parenting that my dad would warn me not
to stick a rusty nail in my ear to begin
with dad walks out to me what the fuck
you got to do him I'm trying to get the
cotton animated with this nail give me
the goddamned English keep that fucking
shit out yeah nice parenting dad
sticking a rusty nail up your son's ear
but it wasn't just my mom telling me the
story about the roaches going behind
eyes going through ears to scare the
shit out of me as a kid see not only do
we have kamikaze roaches growing up but
we also had mice and I don't mean we had
one or two little mice we had fucking
mice dude they were everywhere one time
dad went to the store and got a glue
trap and he stuck it behind the couch
within 30 seconds we hear we move the
couch and there's already a mouse caught
on it when you can catch a mouse in 30
seconds you got a pretty severe epidemic
so already growing up terrified of mice
my dad had to give me this little ditty
you can use Jetta mice think about jan
roberta that bitch you should go to
sleep and wake up with my stewing in a
goddamn freak bitch had to go to the
hospital
hey thanks dad not only am I going to
sleep with cotton stuffed into my ears
that I got to dig out with a nail with
earmuffs taped around my fucking head
with that now I'm going to sleep wearing
shoes and that was my life for a few
years go to sleep with cotton stuffed
down my ear your muffs on my head shoes
and socks on my feet I could damn near
wake up and just go right to school
maybe that's why I stunk in class so
much and that's what I mean when I say I
had a terrifying childhood I had my mom
warning me that the roaches were gonna
crawl in my ear and I was going to go
blind I had my dad believing that the
mice were gonna call in my bed and eat
up my feet and I had my teachers making
me believe that the mice were gonna shit
in the flour and I was going to get the
bubonic plague
that was my life it was utterly
terrifying and I never got over I'm
still scared of mice I'm still scared of
rats I'm still scared of roaches a
grown-ass man scared of roaches how
about that that's gonna be it for today
you guys add me and Bridget on Twitter
below you know good talk
Twitter just be just for us we're just
hash tag e fresh
hashtag eat fresh cuz of the subway yes
so thanks for watching you guys
long day start up my diet I'm just gonna
update you guys periodically on how
that's going because first day is always
the worst and we have almost
successfully done it until we go to
Burger King in a few minutes now I'm
just kidding
thanks for watching you guys know that
is like you know what Burger King is we
practically owned stock bear thanks for
watching you guys
like subscribe favorite and that's it
and if you got hey you got roaches in
your house but wear earmuffs
but don't dig the cotton out with a nail
you ruined this
