what's going on you guys get behind a
camera here or just sit behind a camera
here bridge a West but just here is the
blurred Brigid behind a camera jimmy
kimmel behind me in front of whatever
today is Monday and first we're about to
watch the Jimmy Kimmel Hey I just served
my dad breakfast in the shower challenge
and number one we didn't make the cut
they never wrote me so I didn't sign no
paperwork would it make it but Kim might
have so if Kim made it we're gonna
record it because those girls are so
fucking adorable cute her video is below
keep yapping your mouth Jimmy come on
keep talking motherfucker we'll get to
that a few minutes I know Phil mesial we
would is wedding Kim made the cut to
almost fell here that I bought bust my
ass and here's what I let my ass up I go
hard to love to because it was so funny
so Kim made the cut to Jimmy Kimmel I
knew we didn't make the cut early
because they never wrote me they're
supposed to write you and you're
supposed to sign a form I never did any
of that which means they said fuck us
figuratively literally oh god that's it
is gigantic
I know what the fuck I think it's a
tumor what not really
wait for the record I never expected to
make the list of Jimmy Kimmel after they
rejected us last year for hop on pop so
I just did it anyway because it's a
funny video I'm gonna do it next year
whatever it is
hey Jimmy Kimmel I'm fuckin my dad's
life up so I'm gonna do whatever
challenge he says Happy Father's Day
here is something fucked up but I do
think we need to come to terms with the
fact that Jimmy Kimmel hates angry
grandpa that's what it is to know the
Jimmy Kimmel hates you Jimmy Kimmel
hates me busy social - do you think he
hates you on a personal level Jimmy
Kimmel hate to me he hates anger Grampa
he ate to Bridget he fucking hates I
delete that shit I'm just kidding Jimmy
Kimmel doesn't hate us or maybe he does
I don't know he probably doesn't even
know we exist unless you tweet him a
whole bunch of times and say you fucked
up don't do that I'm joking do not tweet
Jimmy Kimmel telling me fucked up
seriously though if you want to see
Kim's video below if you want to see Kim
on the Jimmy Kimmel the link is below
cuz I'm sure by the time I'm doing this
he would have uploaded it on YouTube so
check it out
hey Jimmy Kimmel I just served my dad
breakfast in the shower and hey Jimmy
Kimmel why do you hate angry grandpa he
probably didn't show it because your dad
is so violently angry
cuz dad's a rude bastard yeah he's
pretty rude like Jimmy he'll probably
wash it oh god what is this thing blah
blah I don't want him to ever enter a
challenge again why am i starting my
vlog at 12:30 at night you mean 12:30
p.m. yeah this is noon so I had a couple
of people writing me on Twitter telling
me that they felt like they could see or
hear ghosts in this room in particular
hey pickle boy when I did the Charlie
haunts me video so I'm back in the room
but it's there
look just to them so here I am at the
bathroom just seeing if I pick anything
up and you guys can hear except for my
voice echoing well some red light hosts
me to camera mmm what did I tell you
that we had a warped sense of humor or
what I plank do she good dammit so
anyway
shit yeah yeah oh that was so cute right
now oh my God look at how beautiful
uncle Mel you a good eye babe oh she's
like a little stash she doesn't blink at
all
quaint you wank boy okay for people that
don't understand while we do the plank
it's this whole idea that we come over
something that's totally not a prank
it's totally stupid
what is that you fucking bitch anyways
it's just the idea that somebody can
come up with something tiny and
significant that shit even scare anybody
what did the fucking thing
what prank just this insignificant
little fan that whoo fucker you need yep
well I'm gonna plant Pichet hey bridge
this means Bray Wyatt get out great wine
amicus Michael Green dude I really
thought you were him oh my god so
earlier I was making some record
breaking bubbles I think he's lying but
you were right there until the big
bubble oh yeah that was pretty cool
I'm gonna see how if I can make a
gigantic bubble again feel like I'm
really watching some fat kid make a
bubble on YouTube right now how do I end
up here oh no not knowing you yeah boy
Oh early I was getting intense with it
dude it was like a fucking sport it was
like my Olympic gold medal it was pretty
competitive no no no no oh
earlier I was like trying to warp it and
stop Oh Clyde wants his bubble video
yeah he does
no not yet it's like a hot-air balloon
Oh No
oh well that's gonna be it for today you
guys
for the record ignore the title Jimmy
Kimmel does not hate angry grandpa was
joking because he didn't use us and a
lot of people write it on Twitter I
think he hates you we truly didn't
expect him to use the video I mean we
did not expect it
the second dad started saying
forgettable to Castro I was like here
using it but I'm still uploading it I
know right and he's probably gonna
threaten Jimmy Kimmel again next year we
won't make the cut again but it was
really cute seeing the girls on Jimmy
Kimmel that was awesome I know that was
very very cute I'm so happy for them
like I said if you haven't seen it the
links are below you'll see Kim's link
and then the Jimmy Kimmel links you can
watch the video on his channel anyway
that's gonna be it for today you guys
thanks for watching it's going on 2 in
the morning right now it's super late
you cleared your throat while I was I
need to I need to play what sure that's
tough Michael whenever we finish the
sopranos Michael thanks for watching you
guys kid never walk playing The Witcher
again behind a camera here that's not
true here
I had no outro like subscribe I was
zooming in on myself like subscribe
favorite hey and follow me on everything
follow us below you can make the camera
drop I mean everything follow us below
thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe um you know why it's right
