what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here bridge West out there
grandpa out there because I just got
done pranking grandpa with the hey Jimmy
Kimmel I served my dad breakfast in the
shower prank and dad wants me to leave
but I'm not leaving I'm here right here
okay oh my god
you uh was identikit dumped in the
shower
oh say that oh my god I'm sorry dad
I'm not he deserved it Oh this is this
is something else
so I'm sitting here at dad's house look
at that mess dude it's amazing isn't it
rigid yeah oh my god I didn't expect
that I made sure oh yeah I made sure
when I aimed the food I made sure I
aimed at right in the face with all the
syrup oh this thing is rough looking
well don't you ever do this again yes
Stan as long as jimmy kimmel doesn't ask
us to do that they're all fine I were to
fuck you but I'll get it out do this out
damn
that's pure goddamn nasty there's also
that other one
hey Jimmy Kimmel a joke to my dad while
he was cleaning the shower wouldn't do
that
I'll clean if you want go get the fuck
out here you go home any time to go home
yet
fuck it in and fuck we got shit down it
that's far the sausage gravy cuz you can
get enough time to appreciate what I
served you y'all go go fucking serving I
served you eggs pancakes and biscuit and
sausage gravy and a cup of orange juice
oh maybe I'll be better player pours
that mean
it'll dude you voted it well here you
want to go here you break this up I'll
gladly heat it up for you oh god get out
of here Oh are you getting your we heat
up fries you can eat it
get out oh my god this little hunks of
sausage and gravy and eggs and Google
tracking leave you doing favor her I'll
hear it out for you
No oh god dad you don't want this please
go away
what now I'm just filming you cook how
was your shower
I ain't telling you about that oh come
on you wanted breakfast poor fathers and
I mean I didn't I didn't want it in the
shower Viking well maybe a guaranteed
you took a better shower yeah stick he's
a bit I know some people are gonna think
that I bought the breakfast mostly
because of the tray so here is the trays
actually brought it over these fishy and
sausage gravy was Bob Evans his pink
cakes were whatever the hell those are
Pillsbury I don't know his eggs
microwaved and his syrup overfloweth dad
for Father's Day all he made was like a
bunch of lamb or something I brought hot
dogs and hamburgers he said I can go
fuck myself so here I am cooking it
myself I want a burger Oh
yes I know I really like lamb though I
tried it it was pretty good
why is he being such an asshole still
over the breakfast shit course two hours
ago it was so funny and so worth the zoo
I'll take the anger he deserved it man
here's he deserved it I got him a
Father's Day gift but it hasn't come yet
so yeah this little late you got to see
it when he does but nothing wrong with
making him think you can get one you
know I can tell him what that instead of
getting from the Father's Day gift Irie
bought all my wrestling stuff yes dude
now that any Father's Day
I forgot the no idea
hey Jimmy Kimmel I forgot his father's
gonna lose I'll tell you I am NOT a
master of the grill have you ever used
one of these girls before
what never oh my god our food is gonna
be shit you gonna find out right it's a
learning curve
I'm certainly good hey I figured out how
to use a telescope without having ever
oh did I tell you figure out about that
you're right
you're so right it's gonna be good
Michael you're nailing those of course
was there ever any doubt no not really
not really so there was something a
little bit you never use a girl like
this before
but everything looks so good the idea is
distribute the heat so when I see fire
coming up I'll move the fucking burger
so don't burn
okay so it's probably almost ready for
yours to come out with you
okay even coop you should get out of
here
what home cook you should get out of
here you serious oh that's for you
no it's for everybody who's going it
about jump ugh Anita wait oh yeah you
can even cook mine for me yeah you made
lamb even though it was already good
you're my father
you're right you'd put cooking meat
bitch you got a firm not born again keep
doing my nice Brown Father's Day present
so what bring my dad they get together
dad a nice Father's Day present but he
give them uh new tremor what the hell's
a trimmer to cut for the grass a new
trimmers movie oh that's cool
the movie trimmers wild water boy you
get bigger they give his daddy a cubby
made Cup if I got dad at a cub he would
say world's greatest fart the uniform no
it is Father's Day yes and this wobbles
coming up for food and shit and I served
you breakfast yeah yeah okay I guess out
of my prisoner Harper you want to get me
a plate so I can you ain't grandpa we go
get us a plate you ain't got nothin to
your trip we'll give me a plate please
before these burn hurry up oh I know
okay I've read that yeah I got it I got
it
gee I get it when I come back he's been
hinting out of like an hour now you
shoulda seen wood they got their daddy I
know you love your daddy more later doh
he said that earlier oh my god I told me
nobody love you daddy must you love me
yes no idea he actually has coming here
you go Michael thank you sorry won't
hold it for me we want your hand off Oh
No you're gonna hold the hot off your
hands
don't burn you you got in for me play
the hot dogs
oh hey Oh father Michael's
a bitch dear I want to let know right
I'm in the region
just waiting on dad
he went to his room and I was not coming
out of this one at all
I think he's I think what he's angrier
about is the fact that I don't have the
father as a present never do good Oh dad
a feeling here I want to leave without
saying goodbye
Oh bye dad bye
all right pot later huh I'm leaving
you're leaving yeah see if I oh yeah
he's coming out you been gone today what
we're both dead brother all right you
wanna know what the runaround this
yeah and they even wondering all day
what you got for Father's Day right I'll
take it down
I'll take yeah cash all right here's the
deal
I had you a Father's Day present the
word chill out
listen to me I couldn't get it why
because you broke my wrestlers oh I use
the Father's Day money to buy a bunch of
new wrestlers and new wrestling stuff
all paper okay Oh legit okay oh oh you
broke my wrestlers you lose your
Father's Day prize you'd remember one
thing I'm hurting your ass I'm gonna
stay if you do something I'll do it does
hate this so I'm gonna burn your ass up
because you get a Father's Day present
have you followed a bitch I forgot it
was Father's Day hey Father's Day
Michael thanks Bridget well we're home
if you haven't seen the video yet click
here
hey Jimmy Kimmel I served my dad
breakfast in the shower
I just ended it up and I put it up and
now I'm chilling on the back porch
listening to the dogs go crazy I've got
to admit I thought I was being pranked
today um my sister wrote me and Isaac
wrote me and everybody was writing happy
Father's Day so I thought that I was
being pranked in a thinkin bridge was
pregnant
Ruth here and so I'm happy to see that
here we are at the end of the day and
that never happened
so good Father's Day pretty good
well you are kind of a dad to some dogs
yeah well then why did I get a Father's
Day present
look at Bella she's a you Michael what
Claire where right there where oh my god
I don't see it it was that thing
Oh oh my god
did it move as one evil-looking spider
Bridget I know this is always them I
can't do it I thought you were joking
weird you know
here is my Father's Day presents dad is
still upset with me because he didn't
get I feel bad don't feel bad
why because you know he deserved a bad
Father's Day but you know what he's
getting something huge out of it so
you're right
who cares she's written another picture
hanging on the wall this is nice
tell him what having the other one so
this picture fell and Bella attacked it
show the ribs I don't want they can see
it she attacked it like Jesus she's have
to like she did with the box
well is it horror block or something
Russell cream oh yeah so went crazy on
it Clyde did a little bit too but she
did a majority of it oh we got another
one thanks to my mama my mama me mommy
is nice it's actually crazy it got
arrived so soon
well that's gonna be it for today you
guys thanks for watching hope you had a
Happy Father's Day hope you had a hop
hop hoppy ER hoppy Father's Day I hope
you had a happier Father's David angry
grandpa did because he's under the
impression that I kind of forgot to give
him a gift and I feel bad about that but
he's gonna be happy when he actually
does get a skip and just waiting won't
become so when that happens we'll give
this present so that's it for today
thanks for watching you guys happy
Father's Day bridget is playing some
Father's Day Witcher yeah girls looking
for somebody to screw looking right
there Bridget where's the women to fuck
oh my god a perfect example he's going
this on the tour lady don't even think
about denying Gerald his sexual desires
he's gonna bust down that fucking door
anyway thanks for watching you guys hope
you had a Happy Father's Day like
subscribe favorite add us on Twitter
below and that's it like subscribe
favorite and that's it I don't like that
Britta likes it
