what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here we're just here right here
to be scared and today is what is today
Friday night literally Saturday morning
early Saturday morning like really early
it's Saturday morning and we didn't put
a vlog up today we were just sort of
playing The Witcher all day you know
just at random watching The Sopranos and
we were gonna go to bed soon and I start
a storming like fuck loud kind of
obnoxious actually scary I'm never
scared of storms but I'm scared of this
one the Lightning is really bright and
really thick that's crazy I know
something else that's really thick
hamburgers at Hardee's a thick burger
just not that American burger because I
hear that they need that good so we're
just enjoying us some storm oh yeah
listen into some thunder watching some
Lightning enjoying our little Saturday
morning
so we're sitting out here and a terrible
storm bridges over there inside I'm
trying to capture lightning and I can
it's like trying to capture lightning in
a bottle so a minute ago Bridget was
like let's turn off the TV I was like
don't be stupid and she turned off the
TV and immediately after she turned off
the TV the power went out I was like huh
you're welcome I hope the ps4 still
works that actually all right my blue
little buddy thanks for lighting up well
here we are another day the vlog started
last night during a horrible storm and I
really didn't sleep the reason being is
I haven't slept much
in a few days ever since our ghost
hunting video who is the President of
the United States what are we doing
right now lots of people are here and
shit some people say they're hearing
crying babies and I don't know dude it's
it's freaky whatever it is it freaks me
out
so anyway it's Saturday officially I
have a arcade block or is it a nerve
block or whatever one it is I got one of
those to open today Bridget and I are
watching The Sopranos we are on the
season finale of season one so get our
Saturday started even though it's
already kind of started two Sopranos
it's pretty good
Sopranos is starting now which or they
need to call The Witcher guy fucks lots
of women because this dude has sex all
the time
that's a player and somebody said oh so
you chose the sexual route there's
another route like I'm just choosing all
the sexual answers and he ends up
fucking how many other times kitty fuck
like how are there times he could have
fucked and I chose a different option
you know what I'm because I went a good
route before and there was none of that
it's like Geralt is walking around this
world and all he's thinking about is
fuck fuck fuck
sex fuck sex it's like that's his
purpose of the game we gotta find the
Wild Hunt
we gotta find ciri and I've got to find
somebody to fuck cuz I've got a fuck
he's like using his Witcher senses use
your Witcher senses to find a whore so
we are watching The Sopranos
if bridget is hostesses and Bridget
actually questioned what's better
Sopranos are Breaking Bad what do you
guys think let us know in the comments
Sopranos or Breaking Bad let me tell you
something you think you're having an all
out out of control balls out Saturday
night party you ain't seen nothing yet
kid behind a giant bubble here oh my god
it's like somebody with elephantitis
so it's Saturday night
cameras fogging up okay so it's Saturday
night and this is the things that I do
for fun just sitting here it's a fucking
bubble attack so it's Saturday night and
I'm just chillin enjoying the weather
chillin with the dogs watching the soup
look at all the orbs I'm capturing oh my
god were hunted Oh God dick it was ro
we'll see what it looks like to vlog
from inside of a bubble all right
ah the birds I can't stop playing with
bubbles okay Bridget either there are
bubbles everywhere before I'm catching
ghosts all over the yard first looks
like this is a Doctor Who
collectible pop - oh cool I've heard
good things about that show I've never
watched it though never seen Doctor Who
so I don't know which doctor this is I
just know that they keep switching it so
I'm not sure who this is if this is even
one of the doctors either way doctor
who'd popped away it's from mr. bean
it's a mr. bean bear it's kind of cute
in another mr. bean this is a mr. bean
bendable scenario what's mr. bean from
what from mr. bean you've never seen it
well about rat race I've seen that
that's him from rat race that's pretty
cool for the race I'm leaning I'm now
seeing his face though I know it is now
this is a very UK box today
this is Monty Python in the search of
the Holy Grail magnets it's like we can
put them on the frigerator and reword
everything oh that's really cool I like
that we should do it so this is a very
overseas kind of box today I think it
may be it's like I don't know do you
guys know what this is I think it's like
aren't from a different horror movies or
I don't really know I mean I don't know
what these things are oh that's it looks
like it's a Sherlock shirt really how
many people who were like god that's
exactly what this vlog makes me bored
totally see that I just made the comment
before they could this is what we got
from our nerd block today we got a
Sherlock shirt I believe this is Doctor
Who artwork
little mr. beanie baby bear the mr. bean
bendable figure the Monty Python magnets
that's my favorite and the Doctor Who
popjoy
it's pretty cool well that's gonna be it
for today you guys long day start off
with a storm then I had about two hours
of sleep because I can't sleep because
we're fucking haunted I don't believe in
ghosts we're not really haunted er haunt
did you get any sleep
no well I woke up about an hour and to
my sleep and I could swear so somebody
hovering over a table they were hovering
because I really saw somebody hovering
over you huh yeah any wool spider stop
so tomorrow is Father's Day and I'm
going over to Grandpa's house for
Father's Day and I kind of want to prank
him oh my god
grandpa has it coming yeah he hasn't
comedy destroyed all my shit he has
horrible stuff coming so he has a spider
stop right so I'm not gonna be giving
grandpa Father's Day present tomorrow
and it's not because I don't want to
give him a present it's because I
ordered it and it's not here yet but
seriously you know he doesn't even
deserve someone Father's Day after what
he did to you he's getting the Father's
Day present just not tomorrow I know I
mean we can't really say anything much
about it but I can make him think I
forgot Father's Day yeah we can
definitely do that so in a way that's
gonna be it for today you guys thanks
for watching like subscribe Baber raha
and that's it
Oh Adeline Twitter below yeah
