what's going on you guys can't be party
camera here Brigitte West here right
here with fog glasses that's what my
glasses were on my head I was acting I'm
back today is Thursday and today
Bridget's home I'm home she was going
yesterday because she was mad at me I
wasn't mad at you I was just mad at the
situation and I was reading comments
some of the comments said you were
cheating other comments said that you
were cheating and their other comments
have said you were cheating now where
were you all day yesterday I wasn't my
mom I could never cheat doing what
hanging out and bitching about your
family now there was a part of the video
where I captured a voice now it's one of
two things either you look off your face
cuz I think it was you did you come home
at all yesterday there's a part of the
vlog yesterday where I was in my room at
the beginning of the vlog and I was
talking and I capture a voice it sounded
like or something I don't know what it
was
check this out geez geez did you at any
point come over yesterday no or you came
home last night
I came home late then we got ghosts no
we got ghosts don't fucking say that did
I'll shit doc what do you think about
today we go ghost hunting in the house
we got the ghost box
we got the Ovilus what if it was Charlie
Charlie the Charlie Charlie challenge
ghosts
okay we're haunted by Charlie I'm
fucking bone that's a fight if we're fun
to fight spiral you got a move I'm done
with internet challenges forever at the
Charlie Charlie challenge backfired
can't even trust challenged on the
Internet Bridget seems to think that we
may be haunted by Charlie and I'm as we
are I'm taking a sarcastic tone about it
cuz I don't believe in ghosts but that
would be nuts I feel like they always
Charlie Charlie are you
whenever you're out of town and I'm here
should always happen forget this forget
the intro we're going ghost hunting so
being that this is where we did the
Charlie Charlie challenge we think this
is a good place to start you want to
record this yeah how hard of beep what
is there anybody here do I know you
and Mary
who is the President of the United
States what are we doing right now
oh my god oh my god Pluto is blurry
Pluto what the huh
since all okay I'm out of here dude
dude getting something in here I'm
scared up I'm scared my Google yeah yes
come on dude don't let me do this alone
what is that fuck you dirty bitch how
many fingers am i holding up
and that Charlie Charlie are you here
who is here ago what is your name
are you in heaven or hell deliver a
chance is there a ghost in our house
well it's a yes what do you want the dog
bang fuck do you think Felix knocked it
over
what do you see we've chosen to stop the
investigation this is time to leave
there's any ghosts in here leave please
go and we're not not good for you
all right Bridget this right here is
where I saw the ghost what right here
dude
ready you're gonna see in a second see
oh my god hey hey hey again what the
house keep happening as a non-believer
even I have to admit that the part was
weird
when I said Pluto and you can see the
freaking planets right there I'm sure
Pluto's over on this thing somewhere
it's gone
the ghost is gone ghost where are you
hours back seriously this thing again
Bridget think so no I want to rip it up
wall so a couple things that I know is
there was one part where a voice sounded
like I said Charlie dead some and I
thought I heard Charlie go check it out
I don't know what that was but it's
creepy to think that Charlie Charlie are
you here might have put a ghost in our
house Charlie Charlie go away Charlie
Charlie go away
Charlie Charlie we don't have fetal
souls Charlie Charlie go away Charlie
seriously Charlie get the fuck out so I
was talking to Bridget ghost stuff aside
I wanted to discuss the video where
grandpa destroyed all my crap if you
haven't seen it link is right there
he had the crowbar that he left on top
of our fridge so my guess and tell me if
I'm right he barged in grab the fucking
crowbar off the fucking fridge yes I
don't talk about Charlie Charlie you
ain't welcome here
aimes lost your hat Charlie Charlie
don't ever come back
what a stupid hat look at this this is
his hat and he fucking left it here so
he must have let's just hat grab his
fucking crowbar Charlie Charlie issue
UPT shit charlie charlie they welcome
here no more
Charlie Charlie I'm coming back we TV
Charlie Charlie I got your hat well
that's gonna be it for today you guys we
did a little ghost coming for Charlie
Charlie that was really scary actually
like I heard a lot of shit you can't go
to bed until I do tonight let's play
what you then you really wanna play
Witcher ghostly game yeah because it
ain't ghostly just watch The Sopranos
that scares man why you like be the crap
yeah this thing is getting really oh I
look so beautiful right now I know I was
like I don't mind doing it same here
marm is getting tired I've been holding
it waiting for to get really blurry it's
like going in and out of blurry it's
almost like someone unconscious like it
comes into focus in the leaves anyway
I'm gonna get out of here I look good
with the blurry effect going amber jhula
fucking good damn anyway thanks for
watching you guys that I'll starting to
come on Bloor
oh god you that's gonna be it for
today's oh yeah
I'm not really thanks for watching you
guys at Assen Twitter below for just
tell us on Twitter if you heard anything
extra on the ghost box oh we might have
missed yeah please do I'm like really
freaked out about though thanks for
watching like subscribe favorite that's
it
