what's going on you guys kid behind the
camera here bridge West is not here she
left she is at her mom's right now um I
who knows she's angry at me because I
let Dad push me over because I didn't
let him in the house yesterday
first of all anyway that's neither here
nor there um I have not been in the room
since grandpa was in there and destroyed
all my shit I just can't face it I don't
want to know what he's done so I'm gonna
go in there now for the first time and
check it out ciao and Bridget if you're
watching this and I know you are nothing
oh Jesus Christ
it was a part of the book a part of the
video where he breaks my lamp and you
see the fucking light and it explode you
got to look closely the ring itself is a
over $100 I was using this for a
platform that's not good 150 50 dollars
all of this over the Internet dad really
over the Internet I was going to come
fix it
I was going to come fix it I was going
to fix your fucking Internet dude I just
had other stuff to do first and Albert
just not here and now I'm just sitting
here all alone in this fucking house
with a room full of broken stuff can't
do it hell happened to this guy Louis
this was my bad ass Billy Gunn figure
god Undertaker's head right this pisses
me off man how many did he break
damnit fuck I would come in here every
day and escape reality just a little bit
not anymore
not not until I replace it all geez
anybody else hear that at one point of
the video my phone is on the floor about
to catch a bunch of the damage you did a
retard I set my phone next to me while
I'm playing and that thing was about to
be crushed I was in the process of BAM
one hit miss bug thanks dad
well the video just went up if you want
to see it check it out here grandpa
destroying my wrestling room just
sitting here with the dogs in this house
all alone I hate I don't wanna say hate
being alone I just I don't know I guess
I hate being alone I don't know
so just sitting here chillin reading
your guys comments about the video
making fun of me because I play with
toys laughing because grandpa destroyed
my shit probably laughing now because
bridges go on the dogs are panting I got
nothing to talk about I don't know what
I'm doing I'm like going stir-crazy am I
talking to myself like on video I'm
doing this so I could have somebody to
talk to this is crazy sitting here
watching The Ultimate Fighter if you
don't watch The Ultimate Fighter check
it out it is an awesome show
and this is a good fight actually for
the record
no for just not home yet and she's not
answering me she's at her mom's house I
think she's going to see movies and then
she want to see Jurassic world whatever
have fun don't answer my calls answer my
calls just given bells tree quad some
tree and late and lazy it lazy and lazy
a tree it's right there buddy Oh Felix
got it
well I'm gonna get out of here short
vlog I realize that and I apologize it's
just I was home alone I was depressed
and Bridgette was gone and I didn't want
to vlog but she's home now and I'm doing
the outro and it's late it's going on 1
o'clock in the morning actually is one
o'clock in the morning and quit fogging
up
so anyway that's gonna be it for today
you guys short vlog my apologies just
shitty kind of day if you haven't seen
the video check it out thanks for
watching
Briggs not in the vlog because she's
still kind of mad like subscribe
favorite and that's that's it
