what's going on you guys today oh wait
today um Kip be on camera here and today
is Tuesday and today what top what's
going on you guys
Kip be on a camera here and today is to
bridge you can't do the intro you're
doing this Impala making it's impossible
let's just try to fix our quiet little
bit yeah what's going on you guys
chippy on a camera here biggest here
Bridge Wes right there and today is
Tuesday and today
really man that happen stop visible
what's going on you guys Kippy Anakim
here we're just here little enthusiasm
like oh how many times I have to say it
however things you're going to repeat
your intro I'm pissed off with your dad
right now and get out of the living room
so I can do the intro no I'm here I
don't wanna get another bad fight today
I don't even if we do if I don't talk
anymore what's going on you guys kid be
on a camera here Bridgette West right
there and today is Tuesday and first
things first to apologize to Bridget for
breaking her iPhone yesterday or
actually happened a couple days ago but
because she found out yesterday I
decided to clean the house I really I
really appreciate this Michael so
looking good he did amazing so here's
the living room
Young Achiever thick don't move stop
bringing it up Bridget I'm not I'm not
using that video may go okay I get it
we will talk about it my finish do my
jog and keep my mind clear I want to
talk about something else great here
hey Bella what's wrong baby look scared
yeah she was scared okay forget it
nothing gonna watch a little bit of
Bojack horseman I can't get Bridget to
watch this show for some reason Bella
would you think he wants to play The
Witcher why do you keep letting your
fucking dad come in here and break all
of a shit Sulaiman I didn't let him in
that I didn't have the fuck was I
supposed to know I didn't let him in
Alice I'm supposed to be like no you
don't live in here because it's thank
you God I can't do that Thank You
Bridget should go thank you
he knocks in the fucking door and I
answer it I'm gonna let me to meet my
father
yeah you know what I fucking well coz
he's not not another fight another fight
yeah gonna steal another fight guys it's
fucking break up okay you know what fuck
it um since you want you want it on
camera uh I'm a little pissed off today
because dad came over and I was I was
playing okay I play with toys okay I get
it I get it I play with toys I'm a big
fucking baby man kid that's my dad's
business okay you want to be a vlog
about it so here it is um dad came over
today I was playing with my toys in my
bedroom
uh yesterday I told you guys he wanted
me to come over to fix his enter and I
had a headache and I didn't want to do
it so he didn't care he got pissed off
and yeah next time he comes over I go
I'm gonna call the cops
so he came over and I was playing with
my toys and um
he got pissed because I didn't fix his
internet and he went apeshit on all of
the stuff that I have in there by
wrestlers the whole setup and I don't
care
shit happens yell I care so now you come
over for a while Michael
sorry God you've ruined the intro for me
okay I'm not awareness so spread the
word what's going on you guys kid be
Annika fuck it yes what huh he talking
to Michael you know I'm not driving you
over there I sort of got Brigitte she's
making fun because I can't drive no
fucking hey she's making fun because I
can't drive that's what it is no no Jon
there are you gonna taste me
no no I'm not stop being a fucking pussy
because you broke the still wrestling
shit that's why I bought him dude I've
calmed down a little bit I can tell you
guys what happened um yesterday when I
did my vlog I told you guys dad wanted
me to come over and fix his internet and
I didn't because I had a headache
because he also fucking much good for a
good reason - okay Bridget I'm talking
here I was gonna go over tomorrow and
I'm tired of him hurting your feelings
you have to see my point here I see your
point count just vlog I want to get my
this one in I'm vlogging my feelings
please stop interrupting it okay so we
came over because I didn't fix his
internet and he went crazy in my
wrestling room and I can't even go in
there and face it because I don't know
what I have left so this is me off we're
not throwing anything away first of all
I approve everything you throw away this
is kind of the last straw for me Michael
no it isn't it feels like it I mean I'm
just sick of this here mommy's coming I
don't care we don't we still got that
thing we're doing we're doing that well
whatever my hang-up right now is if I
upload the video one gonna be fucking
humiliating cuz it's embarrassing I
don't know if I should upload the video
I think you should so people could see
that I'm not being a crazy fucking bitch
ask that Michael ah what click like if
you want to see the video I'm tired of
acting like a bitch they don't want to
see it yeah they do click like if you
want to see the video where grandpa
destroys on my crazy I can't even ask
them the question no you don't need to
well you don't got to be so mean what
are you gonna like put your foot down
about what I'm very heartbroken I hate
when he destroys but I don't talk with
this I want you to just admit that you
love dad you not even love my phone I
love guys your father yeah what about Bo
as your father now I'm just looking for
the words say I love your dad I love
your dad how much do you love my dad I
don't know a lot right as much as I love
him no but I love him I don't want
nothing bad to happen to him
this is absurd I just I'm sick of Virgil
I'm not gonna get over unless I hear you
say the words you love my dad as much as
I love my dad I love your dad but okay
that's all I needed
okay are you gonna order already did
recorded under the table you heard I
hear Bridget loves dad he doesn't think
before he acts just like the ps4 those
cares
next time I'm telling you what I'm gonna
do it's not as bad I won't say another
word told to put up
yes hey
