I can't do it
every time we walk out of the house
we're gonna see this thing I know whose
it was his car and I'm like I can't I'm
never gonna I'm not gonna sell it this
was his pride and joy so what do we do I
think we should put it in the barn
because this is a very depressing
reminder everyday and it's setting us
back yeah but we put it in the barn we
gotta drive it like every month you know
saying it's gonna be hard to get it out
of the doors to drive it no yes it is
not I mentioned it's like just throwing
it away putting in the barn that's the
way I feel that's the way I feel like it
looks like like you see all these old
movies were like people going the barn
you see old dusty cars sitting under
like covers and stuff it's like getting
rid of it he was proud of this thing
this he loved this thing but walking out
every day and seeing it is telling me
well I don't think putting in the barniz
getting rid of it I think it's
protecting it I don't think we're going
to be driving it and I don't want to get
rid of it I don't want to put it in the
barn I feel like right now it hurt so
much because it's so fresh but I feel
like after a while we'll come out and
smile when you see it yeah I think one
day I'd like to merely and crazy forget
it what I'm gonna sound crazy
why let's say give dad a ride in it oh
that's so sad
is that my jela crazy no it's sad though
boy everybody want to ride around in it
yeah alright I gotta stop this is what I
wanted to actually that car gets in the
back there
Oh put it out okay you're not die what I
don't know what to do I can't
I don't know how try to get the car baby
Gunther honey get the car alright
alright I can't pull you I tried
oh are you okay okay it's time to lose
weight that's enough this is another son
not tonight Paul goes tonight and fried
chicken I got fuckin it yeah watch it I
know it's a chicken January 1st we're
diving all jokes aside you guys Bridget
and I are gonna be dieting starting
around January 1st looking can't dye it
right now right I know I just had the
most profound loss of my life I need to
eat my feelings that was actually advice
from boogie I was talking to boogie2988
and he was telling me he was like dude
you know right now food is gonna be your
only comfort but don't let it last too
long so boogie I Love You Man yes I'm
gonna eat I'm starting tonight tacos I'm
getting fried chicken sorry we really
have like a double meal I'm having
talked because you're up a fried chicken
yes Michael you cannot do this walk out
on you can't get this much candy walk it
off you don't have to go nuts
you've got hope you like chicken Michael
what this is just absurd
I want to get my eight her dollars of
candy okay why because what the hiding
no you're losing it what's to pologize
okay it's just this one bag come on just
one bag I'm just joking with you okay
because I would hate to like get any
beans I would hate to get like diabetes
or some things Bridgette totally
humiliated me going to the car
Bridgette you just embarrass me big time
it was so funny let's talk about it it
was so funny let's talk about it guys we
have some guys big time we have this
game and we've talked about it on vlog
before we have a game where we want to
defame the other ones character it's a
game we like to play we've done it our
entire relationship we've got all past
videos the idea is to say the most
outlandish crap and see if the other one
ago that's not true that's the goal of
the game so every time we pay at a
random Pharrell's and say a restaurant
every time we pay at a grocery store
I'll usually start it off today I was
like yeah Bridget likes to eat earwax
and Bridget good what did you say you
were diapers she had the lady at the
register totally convinced that I wear
diapers now guys yes I went ahead and I
even said that we shouldn't get them
here because they're overpriced
obviously got a Walmart for though now
the cashier was an elderly lady
and she was like oh yeah they're a
little too high here honey here's what
you do you want to go to walk now if you
take a coupon Walmart has to honor the
coupon on diapers and that's when I had
to put a stop to it
I'm like I'm like lost I was like I
don't wear diapers she's lying she
wasn't buying it how do you got to be
embarrassed people wear diapers okay
they make it for big kids little kids
adults it's okay I was like damn it
Bridget got me I got yeah we'll stop the
game it's over okay can we not embarrass
each other anymore
oh no it's just because no don't she got
me okay totally humiliated that lady
thinks I wear diapers oh and now it's
locked
could you open this please no please
don't do this
please don't do this she's doing it in
the park lights raining cameras gonna be
destroyed this is the kind of
relationship by man no no you sick
you're sick Michael show everyone what
you're doing come on come on that's not
ready for any about yet yeah yeah it is
I'm working on a new song or like a new
album coming in February I did not say
that I mean just maybe I'm not gonna get
it cuz if it blows up in my face I don't
do it I don't promise anything I don't
have a new album coming out everybody
okay I don't accept earlier today he was
like I think about putting an album out
February I may or may not have reached
out to disaster who knows I can't
confirm any of this okay a song everyone
wants to hear him right guys see like
okay I'll do it
they just nodded yes all right I'll try
the one I was working on now this one
has a little bit of singing involved too
before I start rapping now as usual I
draw everything down really quick and
then I'll start going back to rewrite
but
I was never going to show anybody here
we go I was 6 years old once a dad has
told us like 10 so don't let go
memory's because one day you office that
we see has gone so hold on oh my god he
really wasn't lying that was 93 and now
2017 his died in the so was he and all
of us so sad and crying and we're
watching videos we made together this
rewind um I never thought I'd ever live
the scene the day my daddy died and now
it isn't fucked I can't believe and here
it is and God is sickening he's gone in
history it just repeats it don't make
sense to me
where did it go I saw it fade away I
celebrated growing up and don't me feels
like yesterday Here I am
I'm turning 31 and stubborn enough that
doubles and I'm waiting for my time to
come horses like it all will fade away
memories daily memories y'all will fade
away
I mean I love it so much
and I know everyone else does too right
guys you asked the matter gonna see how
much they hate in the car they just
nodded yes what everybody collectively
wow that's impressive right but I do
have one thing to ask though you know I
don't like criticism but Michael I'm not
a yes-man okay give me the criticism
okay so you know how you say like oh my
god yes what it what if you said
something else
Bridgette I know what you're gonna say
I've seen the comment before yes I say
oh my god I like every song yeah I think
you should like switch it up like dude
oh my god such a good phrase well okay
whatever you said that I heard something
else in my head what did you hear say
that part again I'll tell you oh my god
he really wasn't lying that was 93 and
not 2017 is dying okay so what if you
just took out oh my god just take it out
yeah like actually been missing it
without oh my god okay cuz one day job
this that we see is gone so hold on he
really wasn't lying and that was not
come on there could be stuff that define
life oh my god but I feel it no no no
Michaels no its own say goodbye look I'm
gonna finish this on my own pace I can't
promise that there is a new album but I
can promise that the stock goes I don't
know when the songs gonna be coming out
you guys keep your eyes out for it maybe
a full albums gonna be coming out in
February I don't know we'll see right
now we're working on dinner which for
you guys on camera is a fried burrito oh
right here I have some colorful chopped
up green yellow red peppers those were
cooking a little bit of oil you guys now
I'm gonna straight-up ask a chicken
bull shit generator the chicken up
ourselves yeah I cooked up chicken get
that out of here
now you guys you just an oven mitt on
top of those those your big hiding space
yeah nice you guys will never know now
we're adding a little bit of chicken
stock that's filling so that young this
is gonna take very little time you guys
really it's all pretty much all the way
done we sauteed up the peppers chickens
almost ready man this is a quick burrito
in it yeah but that's not the secret
next step tortilla shell in the oil now
I've poked holes into the tortilla shell
to keep it from ballooning up however
I've never done it before I don't know
if that's gonna work so if it balloons
up I failed oh god yes we should give
this a good fry oh my gosh I got it
thank God we're good we're good
far back past yeah right all right this
is good golden brown when you get all
this excess oil off you here because
guys it will build up into this thing oh
yeah you'll bite into straight-up oil so
it's like a sponge
seriously so first do that then sit on
this we will deal with you in just a few
minutes
I'm putting sour cream right onto it
while it's hot Oh Mike we want to go
ahead and start us around yeah guys just
talk about secret by the way the sour
cream you guys is melting all over this
thing
oh look at this project
how that the next step is off cheese
directly over to sour cream hello yes
please oh my goodness now we've got our
chicken and peppers this is so awesome
now we're just going to fold it you okay
I'm good
okay now you're probably thinking wow
that looks good and it's done but you'd
be wrong okay so all right over the Oh
gee-whiz like a slab of skin all right
folks here's what we're dealing with
fried burrito
chicken covered in paste so let's give
this thing a taste test yeah cut this
thing down the middle separate you
bastard
all right this thing is gonna be a mess
I'm just gonna take it up forget it
ready
good of course not you can taste the
chicken the peppers and that sour creams
real melting I can't wait to try it
we're deathtome this thing is a mess all
right
what do you think girl guys this is a
deep-fried burrito covered in queso
filled with chicken and peppers and a
heart attack even yeah probably we're
starting to die tomorrow so right now me
and Bridget are watching the survivor
finale yeah guys bridget is convinced
that somebody farted at the final Tribal
Council
we're getting out of here in just a
second you guys before we do let's hear
this hos that was a fart okay I think
it's somebody going I think it was okay
that's it was like Ryan did you fart no
getting out there and just pushing
yourself life doesn't give you many
opportunities to put yourself in
situations where you've been given like
pause for that good clothes listen one
more time a little louder
getting out there and just pushing
yourself well it doesn't give you many
opportunities to put yourself in
situations where that was a fart guys I
know it I need your expert opinion let
us know in the comments section below
was that a fart or was that a studio
noise that was a fight like did we just
capture a fart in Survivor
yeah was it Ryan was a Jeff had having
somebody work was it the person behind
him oh god his fart become yeah so his
mic is probably somewhere over here and
his ass is right there
god I smell it from here survivor one
more time let's get out of the scene
let's get to the outro no life doesn't
give you many opportunities to put
yourself into this in situation where
you've been I don't know
well that's gonna be it for today you
guys thanks for watching I was gonna say
good day but like every day sucks as
good as it can be I guess yeah it's as
good as it can be
tacos were really good survivor was
really good not working on a new song I
deleted it that's over well you didn't
Hugh tries he's gonna work on that oh my
god said I'm cheeping oh my god in there
take it out it's in every song I'm in
now now the CDs gonna be called oh my
god
every song is gonna be cut oh my god 1 2
3 getting out of here like you replace
oh my god no it's not happening
