so today Bridgette let me use her cell
phone while I was out with grandpa
because mine was dead and I fucking
broke it I broke it but maybe I just
don't need to have a phone because look
yeah you noticed that she's gonna be
pissed
what's going on you guys Kibby on a
camera here and today is Monday and
today is nothing else today's hot it is
a hundred degrees right now earlier it
was a hundred and one now it's gone down
a degree which means we're very close to
wearing coats because it's getting
freezing out here I have a serious case
of the Mondays now because grandpa
ruined my day by screaming in my ear
last night if you have not seen the
video check it out grandpa's addicted to
trivia crack and he screw into my ear
and it's gotten into my brain like an
earwig and it's nestled its way into my
brain cat canal or brain cavity whatever
the word is and I have a huge headache
today that actually wants me to come
over later look at his cable but I can't
take any more yelling my head hurt it's
pounding right now I look at your
internet tomorrow dad not happening
today you gave me a freaking headache
right now is III and everybody's going
ate shit over Xbox making the
announcement that they have backwards
compatibility for their video games and
that's pretty cool even though the list
is kind of small
and although PlayStation has had the PS
now feature for a little while everybody
who has an Xbox is on Facebook right now
we won the war is over
we won Sony ain't given nothing yet so
you can't say that let's see what Sony
offers and you better offer something
Sony anyway let's get today started
Monday headache style fat fuck behind
the headache here this sucks so I just
walked outside to the porch to check the
mail there was a big thing of peanuts
just sitting on the steps what you mean
dad was here and he didn't say anything
so he's a grandpa's peanuts he used to
sell peanuts for a living so I think
these are the Cajun ones mmm this is
good what if he did something to bees
would really boil them in piss or
something it's your son um call me back
you left a bunch of peanuts on my porch
and now I'm starting to become worried
some of them I started eating them I'll
make sure the boil them and piss or
something so call me back
hey what is up okay what is up with
these peanuts my goal I bought you some
fucked it up I had those left I cook
before you could you like some spicy
something for you
I'm gonna make sure you get like pissed
in it or something my I would never piss
it at the start with okay well we are
pranking each other or at least am I on
my ass over Farnum huh did you fart in
the peanuts no Michael I didn't burn
your peanuts if he is a good man swear
to god they are not a lie I can't stop
eating them so now I'm gonna wonder if
I'm eating your fart yes should I not be
how many and Michael Oh like a bunch UV
beam as a couple I used to love penis
that's why man when you go to the boys
up Deena's found Mike I told you that I
don't know what did you do where are you
supposed with my me because I didn't do
it
oh and so I did yes oh and what kind of
evidence do you have to support your
theory um I don't know why is your a big
fucking crack in it I don't know maybe
shouldn't be maybe shitting me
having the fucking truth okay thanks for
talking Bridget goodbye you're fucking
her placing I did what did I do to it I
wasn't like this yesterday okay I didn't
have it yesterday
yeah the fucking dad two days ago what
two days ago so it wasn't like that
yesterday I couldn't have done it it was
like this yesterday no you said it
wasn't like this yesterday I'm
responsible you fill me fill me you were
not fucking pee on my face pretty god
can I fog no here have a 5s May got
crackin you fucking damn you fucking
bitch okay first of all and what point
did I steal your phone I don't know
probably go to sleep way earlier than
you um I got a fucking phone yeah just
stupid five it's a lie steal your phone
and use it we'll use you don't make
logical sense I clouds
hashtag big fight everybody hashtag
pickleboy and Bridget break up fuck you
bro beeping so yep
the other day I the other day um I I
broke her phone fucking bit
yes dear I always spend the fucking
money
how about what is Holi I'd crack or
something okay we can get out of my face
so the other day when I went out with
Grandpa to deliver the pool and we did
the Hardys video my phone was dead so I
decided to use bridges phone and I try
to take it out of the case
and I cracked it and I'm sorry and she's
not shit Oh filthy bitch dude
yes okay you let me in do I gotta flip
out about how the neighbors call the
cops
Oh get in this fucking shit okay
dude it's a phone fucking bitch
I'm not putting up with it so bridge was
to fuck around and lock me outside and
fuck with me and open doors and shut him
and keep me outside
we'll see how happy she is when she
thinks that she's killing me because I'm
gonna start pouring fucking sweat and
puke him and I'm gonna be fucking dying
oh look it's the remnants of my
telescope
Bridget
I'm sweating well you feel good about
this
you like that yeah I'm gonna fucking
throw up I think okay okay okay
nice fucking try it was real you LPN
what did you find a cup and put like
water in it or some shit yeah there's
like what I did yeah there's a little
hose like hey you good no you're not
this is no way this is not real I don't
buy it
no dude no
I don't believe you please let me out
coming I said that you're full of shit
well that's gonna be a fun day you guys
Bridget tried to kill me by keeping out
behind now I was puking and sweating now
I don't buy it
sorry people I said it was a cup of
water I know like I just figured like I
saw the puke I'm just like hey it was
liquid today so I mean oh why do you
just assume I've eaten today because I
live with you and I saw you eating don't
get me started again Michael yes I did
give you just don't I don't talk about
it
you mean apologize that we're after I'm
sorry for what for one crack in your
iPhone that was an accident
how'd you do it I don't know how I did I
didn't notice until I got home that
night
in fact I recorded me uh-huh talking
about it I was like you know what
bridges watches the vlogs I'm not
putting it in it but I can put it in
this vlog apology accepted
we had a bad fight today on video okay
should I upload the fight it's bad it's
a bad one probably not uploading it
anyway I don't mean everything I said
uploading it anyway one part that I do
laugh about of the fight is when you
said fuck me and I had no response and I
was just like look at this big fight
everybody hashtag pickleboy and Bridget
breakup fuck you bro beeping well that's
funny to you let's look at it again in
slow motion slow motion time
we don't fight that often but got this
one video I think I am gonna break up
with you though good add us on Twitter
below virtuous you look I say anything
for just that's it thanks for watching
you guys when to a horrible fight
humiliating
so they'll not gloating like subscribe
I'm uploading it favorite and that's it
kiss me
