what's going on you guys kid behind a
camera here and today is Sunday and
today I'm at Sunday dinner with angry
grandpa and we're gonna check out what
he cooked so first he's made drunken
chicken with meat you bake that with a
good camp
yeah did you yeah then a baked macaroni
this is a grandma greens backer oh yeah
some string to be so what jelly bean
jelly beans mashed potatoes and a peach
cobbler damn and I'm really invited
right yeah you're invited we've we've we
good again okay so why if we're good why
did you leave me at Hardee's yesterday
could you try to feed me some nasty
god-awful tape I try to feed you
anything that was a burger from hell I
did not try to feed you anything you're
not come on puked did you yeah
that's just stuck you look like Jackie
Gleason from grumpy old man I got your
grumpy old man that was Jackie Gleason
all right no was he used to you can't
remember a goddamn David and people do
that well who was it Walter Matthau
know who'd be up John Jack Lemmon Jack
Lemmon that's he looking to you dumbass
god I'm sorry I questioned your maybe
you look like Jackie Gleason anyway who
is Jackie Gleason the honeymooners okay
one of these days we do fight him too
even though you don't look anything like
Jeff wish I could play pool like you you
could play pool hell yeah you little
hustler yeah you could punch people in
the face like down there
he never hit nobody dumbass it was not
the rats well I'm talking about
god you're dumb let me give you a
headache you start and dude what are you
doing right now playing game is this
trivia crack yeah we're in play likes
trivia crack is that all right
geography where is Peru Chile I know
that motherfucker little it is like
jelly
it is not it sustained you liar
what the fuck come on bitch
garbage goddamn I better get this rope
oops is your worst category you're smart
motherfucker angel which was the name of
the super in jihad didn't first one no
it is the first one is Pangea is gone
Pangea if you choose ezel is right
please choose Pangea I'm good at history
I'll get that right what happens
established in 1964 civil rights ah
civil rights Americans with Disabilities
all right choose yours let's use mine
I'll do yours right I told you smart I
said that 100 entertainment oh I will
get this one and the movie Mary Poppins
was the silliest word tweeter down in
this supercalifragilistic super I can
spell that you know I'm choosing shut
the fuck up would you these is not the
name of what I'm trying to read this
motherfucker you can I don't need you to
read Homer you know your fuck I'm not
gonna help you on this one which of
these is not the name of the ghost in
the original pac-man arcade game blinky
inky stinky Cod why don't you think
stinky was the end was not you really
know why did you join me to pick that I
didn't I wasn't gonna hit a guy again
now oh babe oh my god airs out more than
56 mile
hi Daniel goddamn done you son of a
bitch paid five more Mike what how about
more anybody I said how was it last dude
this has become a candy crush I play
this all the guy didn't Jessup Bridget
spent about $400 on this game don't tell
people hey women they don't roll with
that you're cool with that yeah I would
do the same thing put your numbers and
so in other words for $9.99 cent how I'm
gonna play
I think it's unlimited but yeah yeah I
said you got another one hell of a deal
Michael put your number then wait you're
not getting my numbers written by if
you're right I think it's $30 for a
limited time I put it in my keep its
numbers in are you cereal flavor ever
what the hell you're doing nothing are
you telling me
sorry please God no put it down
all right what are you gonna throw it
come on
so I think dad has kicked us out of his
house officially yeah not me - dude
where are you going
Mentos appointment hey I would old man
go out walk
what are you going by there to pick
apart another chicken like a hyena so
dad has a problem with people filming
him eat he's always had if you watch him
while he eats he gets pissed off there's
a couple things that bother dad like I'm
gonna show you when he gets back
one thing that he hates the most it's
picking apart food with your hands fuck
this guy full of a goddamn don't know
goddamn happen in my house away well
yeah
she's filming this so you know what
we're filming this Hey I'm not coming
out
so you just we have to leave basically
yeah I'm coming with you so I'm riding
in the van with an angry grandpa dressed
up with his Bray Wyatt fedora
I let my hat it looks good it's good on
my head dad dressed up all like Jackie
Gleason got my bling my watch
I was being sarcastic it's not really
dress up like glad jackie gleason
you've had your Jackie grief from
hanging through my legs that would you
call your dick Jackie Gleason now I call
him clad what is that supposed to
thinking nice thing for dick and who's
your bong I'm we talk about dicks well
who's your Bonnie what's the bunny
Bonnie and Clyde I ain't got a body if
your dicks Clyde who's Bonnie Bonnie oh
hey Dad were passing City Hall Marillac
yeah fountain I wish I would have gotten
the found we pass it to the quick if you
don't remember that video is the video
where I told that he was still married
to moms they say Michael an estate so
where are we dude we're downtown some
news oh I have not been here in so long
Ben it looks fucking it looks boring
yeah well that's gonna be it for today
you guys had a really good day with
Grandpa had Sunday dinner
he played trivia crack which I am now
finding out he's addicted to grandpa was
addicted to trivia crack grandpa
actually have recorded himself cooking
all of those items that we had for
Sunday dinner the drunken chicken the
beans the macaroni the peach cobbler I
think he recorded all those things he
told me he recorded himself making
everything if you guys want to see the
videos click the like button and I will
start uploading them on his channel if
you guys haven't seen the video we did
yesterday with Grandpa tries the most
American thick burger click that check
it out he leaves me in a parking lot and
I was stranded and it was ridiculous and
it was hot we didn't address it in the
video but his van has a problem going on
right now where it only has cool air for
five minutes at a time then it has to go
off for like 20 minutes so while we were
doing that video in the parking lot we
were sweating and it was hot and it was
ridiculous and it sucked
so that's it thanks for watching you
guys add us on Twitter below bridget as
well even though she's not out here she
is playing The Witcher we hadn't played
it in a few days and she was having
which draws get it
because elbow thanks for watching you
guys like subscribe favorite and that's
it
