what's going on you guys kid in front of
an angry grandpa here in today bridge
West there and today is Saturday and
today I'm hanging out with Grandpa
yeah we're gonna go by ride first what
prepare to be insulted we insulted okay
Bam Margera who's that Bam Margera who's
been ma GE Bam Margera
BAM Missouri he's from jackass jackass
what the show Jake you've seen jacket I
ain't no goddamn jackass okay well
there's a guy he seems Bam Margera class
there's a guy his name's Bam Margera and
he posted your video where you were
trying to scrub your tattoo off no bug
is he no fucker wasn't a jitterbug my
guy in a stinking he says your ass
stinks I agree with it who the fuck is
he huh you got a nose up my ass if you
guys want to read this article the link
is below check it out he's dumping you
are still fresh members doing a
cardiogram order fuck you motherfucker
eat shit forget my moon dick call me
stupid nip fuck give me the phone cuz I
don't show stupid fuck you to your if
your long day man not now you to ruin up
nigga Jamie you know I was thinking what
Bam Margera is right you do have with
this thing
not number one goodham that's still rude
oh fuck damn
the curious I told you some jackass
Jack oh what the boys are you've watched
jackass when we might live was jackass
yeah you have jackass jackass that
jackass so yeah you can say I'm a
goddamn table you won't I still don't
know what the fuck it is okay so where
are we going right now
I hear yourself evening I'm hungry well
that's gonna be in a few minutes
well then then I'll eat a few minutes
I'm talking about this pool you got back
here oh I got that I got that for the
grandbabies okay and we're gonna go give
it to Jamie okay and then we're going to
Hardee's why Hardee's cuz I won I that
burger once you try I told you about it
now he's working hard he's you know how
the kid yeah then they send you to
Burger University yeah Emperor you
didn't you meet mom we were working on
Hardee's front of the fire station we
why you put look at me why you gotta
bring her up it's my mother
I'm doing that your mother gave her to
me sure ex-wife it goes she was next for
a reason yeah but I can still mention oh
she was working hard as wasn't she
yeah just get paid you music what you
just a second oh that's awesome dude you
guys weren't even married she's giving
you her paycheck she got paid on Friday
today damn I showed you the haircut
she's like yeah you can OJ yeah Thank
You Donna I got ya
what's up buddy it's very good you got
it like that huh
yeah oh swaggy green hey I asked why
would I go dad's backing up to another
truck I'm looking for a BAM shut up you
like the reference I made there when I
said BAM me put this BAM shit didn't are
that
so goddamn Coleman you don't know
anything what names well they all say
van Damme
yeah this is cool gate your LAN gate
don't spell MA in domak go see cool man
you dumb fuck Cole man that was joking
they're back up boy
right there stay right there we will
lift it up let you back up a little more
yeah here
come on
come on
come on back Oh God
come on back boy
come on
hey give me done to me is a to my plan
to kill me ah
try to kill me today ah welcome hug you
okay ARMA sweet sweet Norma
well you saw it here first grandpa
wanted me dead and his attempt failed
I'm still alive man
I'm still here asshole hey michael has
ever come in my grandson so I just poke
I just tweeted a picture of all of us
sitting here at the head station yeah
and this guy told me to tell you that
you are a badass his mama didn't think
so last night when she thought me I want
to apologize to that mother fucking
insulted me man fuck you yeah me bitch
don't shit to me you cause a shit how
did I cause it because you were shoving
that shit on my hand trying to make me
hurt myself
you were trying to get him to back up on
me and kill me well as a rock guy
goddamn tape we got shit get the goddamn
camera off my car deal please you are in
our sour mood today you've wounded me
you tried to crush me I wasn't driving
II was you were telling the backup no
when I was in the way
all those tattoos come up in no dude
damn I'm time to scrubbing everyday it's
not gonna work oh my god and you know
you're in public you dare give shit if
you fed be proud of it you're not fat
anymore
I am fat
well your tattoos not going anywhere
he's trying to go somewhere soon we will
get laser treatment up but oh sweet a
picture of you says grandpa hates me I
don't hate you I despised you I love you
I don't hate you oh god damn it god damn
halt
you know I guess dad left me I washed my
hands of him I give up the employees are
starting to come out the third yard and
see the mess dad made now I gotta get my
father left in the fan
oh my god oh my god oh Jesus
oh you lucky
well I got rid of you what is your deal
with me that it allows you ain't leaving
me again
oh thank god I didn't know it was gonna
be nasty
are you mad at me I talking too much why
maybe just shit I didn't make you just
know why right out the door I'm going
back home then we'll throw up dad tried
to kill me today dad left me at Hardy's
today dad tried the most American thing
thickburger today you deserved it sug
you deserved it you're right I know
nobody knows that motherfucker I will
say honest to god it stunk it stunk it
did stuff at that odor it seemed like
they microwave those hot dogs they
microwaves up
all-american Neuberger I like parties I
don't I like their cheeseburger plane to
you and I know you like the risk it's oh
yeah I'm gonna eat me a Christmas bitch
yeah it was Xena I started it I sang it
to start with I'm gonna eat me a
Christmas biscuit I'm gonna eat me a
Christmas biscuit I'm gonna eat me a
Christmas bitch but you're not American
burgers dig up your ass fucking shit
that's asking what are you late for
dinner now no don't be too busy throwing
up I don't want nothing now that ruin my
taste in food now that you moon wait you
went in motherfucker you'll never eat
again
