what's going on you guys keeping on a
kool-aid stain here hmm that is kool-aid
I should rephrase it's not kool-aid it's
one of those like powder like fruit
punches that you pour with your water so
I don't drink soda all the time today is
Friday and today I'm gonna tell a
throwbackthursday story on Friday a
little flashback Friday moment because I
didn't do it last night and I haven't
done it in a while as you can see I am
starting my vlog at nighttime and the
reason for that is I have been in the
process of working on a prank for
grandpa and it's gonna be awesome as
long as I can pull it off I can't give
any hints I can't tell you guys what
it's gonna be I can't because people
will tell him and he does go on Twitter
and he tweets me sometimes and he reads
my tweets and he reads your tweets and I
can't have people tell him what I'm
planning to do I can say that one it's
gonna be awesome
and two I guess I could only say one
thing either way I'm really excited for
you guys to see the prank I can't wait
to put it out I'm very proud of it
that's it I think tomorrow grandpa and I
are going to Hardee's so he can try that
merica burger fuck yeah so I'm just
getting my Friday started just a little
bit late I'm gonna have my story for you
guys in a little bit gonna hang around
the house watching orange is the new
black which the new season just started
excited can't wait I think I'm gonna go
do that right now let's get the Friday
started so right now me and Bridget are
watching orange is the new black with
one got a pause I can hear it oh because
I was vlogging yeah this guy's face like
you better unpause it you fucking bitch
I've had it with you I gotta be honest
that my own you're sleeping earlier I
finished this entire season
what yeah Piper dies you battery fucking
lion God the dog the Bulldogs are
rebelling oh my god
this little Belgian licking the cow
rise of the Bulldogs but terrifying guys
doing I didn't tell me you'd love me
so speaking amongst each other right
there let's kill them give me paw
it looks like Clyde as you just posit
again yes well I want you to unpause it
oh hey Clyde I'm like zoomed into his
mouth right now you should see it oh god
like Cecil teeth he's adorable
Brigitte is doing it again I think
Charlie's back okay stop it dad
Morehouse Charlie yeah it stopped I'm at
a point with your wheel good I'm Stan
your widget
I got gun your head Greg you've ruined
it with the last sorry did again I can't
do the same one I'm Shanna hey there's
your buddy shoulder Punk I pranked her
you got me you really got me
we are the strangest couple to ever
exist in the entire way behind you
that's just cried
seriously Bridget and I will joke about
the absolute dumbest shit in the whole
fucking world like the telescope
sometimes we pretend the telescope was a
bazooka
i'ma blow you away asshole
this is the kind of shit we do who we
aboard
we either pretend to shoot each other
with a telescope or we got a Walgreens
that's not Bella what who are you Bello
Bello well that's almost it for today
you guys but before I get out of here I
wanted to tell a story inspired by
summer because summer is here and people
are getting out of school and they're
having a great time and they're playing
and they're right there playing video
games and they're going skinny-dipping
and they're having a great summer
vacation while some people are going to
summer school I was one of those people
so I almost failed the third grade and
the reason why I'm pretty sure I told it
on the vlog but I don't think I spoke of
the consequences for it the reason that
I almost failed the third grey was
because I had head lice for I think a
good four months of the year I kept
missing school I kept getting my head
shaved I kept having lice they couldn't
get rid of it I missed so much school
that I had to go to summer school to
make up the days that I lost during
summer school
maybe so the first day of summer school
is here mom is dropping me off in front
of the elementary school she's telling
me goodbye and I see kids walking around
with bagged lunches and so I stopped one
of the kids one of my friends said hey
why do you got bag lunches as it turned
out the school doesn't serve lunch
during the summer we didn't know that
iein had no fucking bag lunch so I had
to talk to mom mom you got to go to the
IGA
it's a no-name store for small towns
because we don't have big
Cheng's and I told mom she had to make
me a lunch and of course oh my god damn
I'll go mom drives off me I go to my
class I start learning a couple hours go
by and then and in comes a teacher
holding a bag of lunch sweet Jesus I'm
gonna eat the teacher says did anybody
forget their bag of lunch and of course
I didn't have mine so I grab the bag of
lunch thank you lunch comes and we're
all sitting outside and we're eating I'm
going through this bag of lunch and I'm
going mom outdid herself dude
she had gourmet Turkey she had the best
cheeses she had the best breads the best
chips the best drink the best candy it
was the best bag of lunch I'd ever eaten
in my entire life it was scrumptious
it's like it's like chasing a high you
know oh just one more bum I've been
chasing that sandwich since the fourth
grade it was the best sandwich ever I
thought she went to fuckin subway or
something it was the best
so everybody's eating their lunch and
ones having a good old time oh yeah
lunchtime yes school's out dad picks me
up with peculiar little fat motherfucker
you don't even care I gotta tell him we
learned about her that's real good we go
sell about us though we get home and
there's mom in the middle of our front
yard with a big pile of leaves on fire
and she's just standing there sorry mom
and I get atom whore my little book bag
oh thanks for lunch day mom it was
scrumptious and mom oh shit I totally
forgot about bad she forgot now first
you know not the obvious statement that
she forgot she forgot her fucking child
but didn't you ask yourself who didn't
get lunch that day cuz I took someone's
bag of lunch and I ate the fuck out of
it somebody didn't eat so pickle boy
could have
lunch that day that led to an argument
you forgot about the boys goddamn lunch
you one stupid goddamn fucking bitch go
ders don't give me 25 packs I never
found out whose lunch I got and frankly
I didn't care because it was delicious
and his mom made a delicious sandwich
and I'm sure because she can afford
those scrumptious meats he had a good
dinner
I didn't that's gonna be it for today
you guys that is the story of the time
mom forgot about me at summer school
she forgot me she didn't care she didn't
feed me and I ate somebody else's lunch
bread she can you give me the remote oh
sure oh my god yeah anyway I'm gonna get
out of here you guys add me and Bridget
below I love it you know we're here for
the scene get over here for it right
here though Hey
so that's gonna be it for today you guys
thanks for watching like subscribe I
just made like hashtag orange turn black
