what's going on you guys keep me out a
camera here and today it's vlog number
365 one year
and today we're celebrating one year of
Oh grandpa's here we you got a mouse in
your pocket now you're here I used to
but you should and if you think this is
a party check this out I'm pretty sure
just family guide myself and it's
starting to get a boggy again and before
I start this vlog I just want to say
thank you guys for sticking around for
one year when I started to flog a year
ago dad sounds stupid I did no room with
the old guard there that's what he's
still stupid ha ha ha rude
you're rude I just had you coming did
you wash it off yet I'm stupid
so from the bottom of my heart and his
yeah thank y'all for watching
young'uns Aisha what does that mean
alright felt like saying it I miss you
too
bye well dad thanks for stopping by for
a 1-year of vlogs how about that what
did you call me over here before huh
what'd you call me over here for for the
intro won't you interrelate are you
really mad
you call me always being a damn intro
it's one year of laws it's a big deal
yeah bad traffic is out there how about
what are you doing I gotta know what are
we filming this Anastos goddamn how this
nasty goddamn house Estela : need to do
an intro what use that time to clean
your house now and book digs in here God
well thanks for stopping by for the
intro
365 vlogs clean you fucking ass damn
other what touch nothing ok
oh wow you ain't going nowhere
what what the fuck
mama so celebrating a hundred one year
of vlogs well I wish it claimed to
celebrate I think dad's right
this is this is about oh my god look I
can't stand it no more oh my god this
house is disgusting we need to do it's
the winter man if you guys want to know
the reason we haven't been cleaning it's
The Witcher I don't want to do anything
else I've been playing The Witcher I've
been playing it way more than you lately
please I don't want to get up and leave
the couch I want to watch The Witcher we
plan it non-stop I can't help it we
gotta clean before we play though I
can't play with this I will play you
clean no I play you clean Michael come
on
we are on our way to Clyde's appointment
to get this little heart monitor off of
him he is miserable how you doing buddy
he is miserable with that thing on him
cuz it was hard for him to maneuver
around and I feel sorry for it's very
very sad my Clyde we're celebrating one
year of vlogs today some congratulations
please oh my god 3/6 Bob wait was i n
355 blogs no you probably only 25 of 360
oh please
25 I think he knows is coming off bridge
ha ha ha ha go get this thing off of me
get this straight jacket I know it's so
weird he loves going to the vet like he
is so good in the car
he just loves going to well here we are
buddy
oh that's what he's been doing you guys
he he'll shake like this I hope he
thinks he's wet or what it is but I know
it's so weird
why do you were so hairy you think I
fear daddy maybe oh I'm wearing my soup
he's got sticky on him I see another
client has gotten off he's way more
excited now that he was before we'll
have a hair on the floor he's like let's
go
God Bridget what are you gonna clean the
kitchen
boom I clean the kitchen by the way it
was you so Bridget has cleaned the
kitchen celebration time one year hurray
I know you love me and I know you want
to say what no actually get the fuck
away from me dude cuz I don't care that
you got camera I don't care that you're
gonna vlog I just don't care oh well
it's today's one year of everybody
seeing you want a daily basis you've
been seen 365 times not kind of those
that you weren't in some more like 200
and
I don't know what do you think what that
Bella she's lay that she's I'm a star
guys I've got Felix in my sights
Felix ah there he goes the governor that
take my chances getting crushed by his
giant telescope with me in your belong
dude let's get away from this thing
you've noticed a while you worry oh look
I hate you I hate just stupid long lazy
can you believe it he doesn't even care
he's he ran away it doesn't matter
though because I had a 365 vlogs I think
this might be Lacey's first one lazy
makes his vlog debut he does everyone
any film buddy hates me what happened
price what the hell
I can't know what I don't want anybody
what what I didn't do it
oh he's blaming me first there's a lazy
side there he is hey vile there he goes
a lazy fighting gone so he's just sort
of sitting over well that's gonna be it
for today you guys it's hard to believe
that we're closing in on one year of
vlogging and I know that I've been doing
it for longer than a year I know it's
been more than 365 days but there were
days that I skipped but to reach 365
vlogs it's quite the accomplishment we
could've done without you guys at us
below they just so thank you for
watching thank you for watching every
day thank you for sharing and liking and
commenting for calling me pickle fuck
behind the fat ass and thank you for
everything
good or bad we couldn't do the vlogs
without you guys and that's truth you
guys are seriously amazing I love you
when I started doing the vlogs I was
around 200,000 subscribers and a year
later I'm going on 700,000 subscribers
and that's because of you guys because
you want to see the vlogs and you like
them and you share them and you give
ideas and you know it's just a community
of mutual respect and this it when I
first started doing the vlogs it was so
much work and I didn't think I was gonna
make it a year I was like it's getting
hard but you guys showing your support
and watching it you guys cut me going
and I pushed and I did a year and I
could not have done it without you guys
we failed him along the way I had my way
in Wednesday's I completely trainwreck
that thank you guys for one year of
support I hope you stick with us for a
second it's awesome to grow with you
guys and it's awesome to share our lives
with you thanks for watching like
subscribe favorite and that's it
