what's going on you guys get behind a
rainstorm here
foggy leaves behind a camera here have
to scream so you can hear me behind a
camera here
today is Tuesday and I'm supposed to go
somewhere with Grandpa in the next half
hour and I don't know about this I
already have a fear of driving and
riding in cars do I really want to push
it by riding with Grandpa in the middle
of a rainstorm let me just start over
what's going on you guys kid behind a
camera here and today is Tuesday August
affair come visit oh hey man I'm alright
I'm getting re about tattoo now are you
yeah Mazz well here's what I don't get
why did you think you could wash it off
with soap and water
I don't know I go awarded it off man
yeah but soap and water Michael I
thought it would come off so I gotta
give up good laminate why would you
think that Michael I don't want to all
be really you really thought those
alright he's getting pissed I can say I
really don't want to argue okay look
I'll ask you one more time why did you
phases of conversation okay nobody's
laughing at you I'm laughing at the BG
solids you're laughing at you you need
to shut up fuck up oh my god that's so
bad you can't throw your damn doll he
called you a dog get him out get out I
want to go nowhere yeah come on let's
just talk and Ambus it is cool me and
dad are gonna drive off a little bit
yeah you don't look at the rain outside
then I won't trust that Michael my dad
doesn't want pretty cloudy like it's
gonna rain
hey I got idea what's that it's rainy
want you to get some soap and lay on
your Floyd you shut the fuck up your
guardian ended up Mike come on this you
ma'am you it's all in good fun chill out
how about you wash your katsu off
there's not make fun of reporting oh you
know what's funny right you know it's
funny
yes I'm laughing you goddamn mother okay
- I know okay Bridget
now I'm get this she's been making fun
of our family for three days I know you
need your old man where'd you get a
goddamn piece of woman this is the one
side oh my gosh not gonna help I'm not
going in she's rude Mara she's a laugh
at our family for days I know what you
mean lavender you've been where I don't
you laughed at you I mean I guess it
runs in the family
holy shit about man this is get out so
grandpa and I are going for a little
ride
yep looks like the storm has seceded it
was a bad storm there it goes then I
don't know building gas station could be
daddy's eating potato chips and driving
I'm scared
you got a damn camera again I can't
point the camera at you got a van full
of kids how you guys doing Kelly's chips
and drink thanks for the ride however
abrupt it was well if your damn woman
shut her goddamn mouth MIT we can do
something Thank You Bridget for ruining
my day
oh please he caused this include she's
gonna leave by 5:00
Bridget took Clyde to you it's shaking
all over so if these people are
wondering Bridget explain to them what
this is on Clyde it is a heart monitor
he's got a wire for 24 hours because we
told you guys in the past that Clyde has
these seizures and he almost passes out
they have a heart monitor on him and
we're gonna figure out what's going on
we're gonna get to the bottom of this
well what you doing down there sweetie
Sheils I want to sniff OH if there's a
feel exciting so just now Bridget and I
were upstairs and we came down we were
up there for about 45 minutes when we
came back down Clyde was sitting over
here and there's some stuff around he
was hiding so he did something but we
can't figure out what it was would you
do Clyde will you up to you won't be in
ciao what were you up to Bella when we
were gone out the room Clyde must have
done something you tell us what it was
huh you don't know okay we had just
discovered a bunch of wires where those
already out cuz I thought that I recall
de Clyde open up this drawer whole bunch
of wires out dude
Felix does that though what happened
Bella buzzing all right admit it was me
oh well it is going on midnight and
we're on our way to Walgreens why are we
going to Walgreens at midnight I'm born
this is what we do for her tainment
folks we had we don't have lives
well we are in Walgreens because we're
bored and this is what we do we don't
have friends so we want to hang out with
just chill at wall yeah together so let
me point each other
hey he's gentle with our friends so when
we walked into Walgreens there was this
dude he got rejected for cigarettes and
what someone coming I'll just tuck in
this guy got rejected for cigars he was
leaving the door I got this automatic
door and he was like trying to bust his
way through him he did like bro was just
gonna mmm yeah he's like broke the door
they obviously forgot that they were
sliding glass doors
you were cray micros legitimately
talking to water not coffee in my bad
what you look if you won't give me your
Facebook information that's cool this
bitch right here wants to tell me she'd
only accept friend requests on facebook
you will maybe simply add in bitches huh
you got a facebook bitch don't give it
to him look at your number stop Michael
no one fortune cookies cookies
everywhere cookies cookies I don't care
I like those ones I want we need a
different man a pudding I know do banana
pudding sale Michael did you stash your
preparation h-hey just moved for reals -
preparation mr. Bernier I told not me
that was obviously you wasn't coming at
the camera and you hid it I did not lie
be honest Bridgette you're gonna make me
looking at straight looking for Kimberly
Kimberly Kimberly Kim is like Isis iris
I'm not wearing my glasses I thought it
said Isis I press okay yeah what are you
doing now looking for Kimberly with this
and all they say is Woodbridge okay
cuz it's fine yeah but these one have
different names all this all they have
who's named Woodbridge its wine
yes but the names is Woodbridge hashtag
her boy stupid I'm joking on it you
better be the best for someone else well
that's gonna be it for today you guys if
you guys want to see something that I
found funny huh I wasn't gonna share
this but if you were wondering how did I
do the effect earlier where I was in
there and then I was out here uh I'll
show you the whole clip check this out
let me just start over what's going on
you guys kid behind a camera here and
today
and today is Tuesday that's how I did it
I to keep that frozen face over the door
ichael let's get out here add us on
Twitter below the last times ah Kerala
Advan Twitter and Facebook so I'm
getting out of here
thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe favorite and that's it I was
kind of cool I got closer and closer
like subscribe favorite
