what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here and grandpas in the closet
right now changing its clothes because
he was trying to scrub the tattoo off
his back as if it's at all possible what
made you think you could do that I don't
know
I gotta go in this bathroom and look at
this shit he has a shameful son where's
your deal
why'd you why'd you cut it off of me do
you really want me to yeah alright here
we go
why are you gonna let me do this cuz I
won it up alright fuck it
ah you right get you it
I didn't so tell me why did you think
and you too
why did you guys think you could scrub a
tattoo off of his back cuz they've been
running long I'm gonna kill off come on
it's not temporary should have been it's
a tattoo look at this this ain't going
nowhere
and I sure ain't gonna work and why are
you so mad dude I got a tattoo that's a
good lookin tattoo I hope it don't say
my arm strength imaginary attendance in
my arms Thanks if people taking one of
those metal brillo pads it probably
would come off just fresh I think that
it goes like deep into your fucking
muscle dude by any of you take up layers
of your skin and it'll still be there
all right Jamie oh yeah you're ready so
you've got it you can rip the meat off
you'll just have scratched up skin and
scars I'll find a way dad for some
reason and Ginny for some reason I don't
know why you didn't cuz she's an airhead
yeah did you really think would work
she said it would Oh what heat up fuck
what I was going with Ginny's hair dude
looks like she's like going to the ball
or something that's shiny turn around so
Bridget God the hell she's going to her
Miami haircut doesn't rat you that's a
rat tail from hell no I'll fix it
yo Jennifer's the Rat King Joy's
indirectly
I'm a little pissed that you ate all the
damn beef stew no you don't even dare
phone
I'm give me your phone oh hell don't
vote what are you planning dude no you
should plan to prank me nah man not me
okay cuz I still plan to prank you
okay just tell me why you here just
before I go and I'm a little annoyed
that you didn't have safe meeting Sunday
dinner but we'll talk about that another
time
two weeks ago we were we were on good
terms
you came over to my house for my
birthday you was there something in that
food oh dude I'm not joking you better
tell me yo man it was another for Gen Y
it was in the fucking song if we good
one it was delicious
yeah okay I'm filming this some new
arrests I guess I never stopped it
recording
but you did on recording this ladies and
gentlemen he poisoned me not it imported
you what you do
gave a little portion see Jersey yelling
a voodoo doctor or me or something maybe
okay I'm gonna pray that the hag visit
zero she already has you just came over
you ain't left yet
hmm get out of here Briggs what'd he do
I don't fucking know he poisoned both of
us cuz you ain't you ate it to get out
of here I'm gonna pee with your floor
I'll be damned you'll clean it up - I'm
not leaving dad's house until he tells
me why he poisoned me with I ate it all
dude oh it was delicious but I ate every
fucking bite of it I where's his camera
I'm gonna look on the CP phonus I'm
making it do it Oh
mom I did it tastes like bug spray or
something - you Bridget I'm sorry I'm
thinking back a tasted fucked up guys
grandpa poisoned me I think I would
never do that stupid
I've I mean bad penny worth going to
jail over then why the why are you mad
at me again over the tattoo I don't know
I don't like it get out of here you
forgave me even you are pissed again I
don't get that just don't worry about it
we'll talk about it I'll come over every
day oh you yell it makes me try to do no
I'm not yeah I'm seeing your face
I'm tired be defeated goodbye Michael
I'm not leaving I told your mouth we're
leaving grandpa's house
Michael I'm really really really really
wondering what he did to that frickin
food because I eat like two bowls of it
did you feel sick no but towards the end
I realized it was a little extra salty
what did he do
okay let's think of possibilities for
salt one
too much salt second it's a firm no no
he wouldn't do that
no I don't thought you would do that you
would not do that but it is white and it
is a white pasta stop it is alfredo
sauce and it could be sperm so dad
kicked us out of his house we're back
going away to our house that was a
wasted trip I hate wasting the trip so
anyway we ate that sperm oh stop it
we're on our way home fella do you think
my family's stupid Bridgette Alaska
Bella not you Bella tomorrow market mama
to Bridget I'm talking with the stars
now so there is Jupiter and you know
what Jupiter rhymes so stop it stupider
yeah please stop dude oh my god
so last night Bridget and I used the
telescope yeah
stop I can hear your resentment of your
voice last night we use the telescope
and we saw Saturn I did need help I
didn't need no motherfucking help just
I'm not stupid
yeah you're not stupid Michael you're
not it's just it's just when you you see
somebody like rubbing okay so enough
well that's gonna be if I let you guys
my fate don't say it I can say it you
can't say oh boy I got stupid I see
Brisbane laughing all day about love my
ass off behind the camera I got a stupid
ass family oh my god oh my god what the
hell
look I can be stupid I get that but it I
might be stupid but I'll never be scrub
a tattoo off my back with soap and water
stupid quit it
yeah hope it is my lucky one dad I can't
believe you thought this would work -
Jennifer I can't believe you were doing
it why what I know what like that's one
thing like if you were whom you ranked
humoring him but to walk in there you're
scrubbing as hard as you can like to me
I think she actually thinks it - I've
been part of the like is it coming out I
can't tell no it wasn't it wasn't coming
out if you haven't seen the video it's
right here you gotta see it you gotta
watch your friend might give you some
stump shit sorry I'm sorry but my family
knows she's been doing this for hours
since we got home she's got her ass off
at my family and I'm not even gonna
remotely put up with a hangar my
family's out there speak yes I remember
that's why mom had the fuck mom had a
cat do this at Charlie right here
and shortly after the divorce she was
scrubbing her chest trying to give it
stop okay we're not smart people it's
fine my god like/subscribe
Oh pajamas I'm like laughing at your
family right now
oh geez that's fine Bridget has had kids
with me and they're gonna be stupid like
the rest of us like subscribe right no
I'm subscribed
no no stop this and blurry now
everything ends of traffic okay I'm not
having off my family like this funny
stupid oh fuck
