what's going on you guys fat fuck behind
the donut here we're not de behind a fat
ass here pick a fucking on a day this
gone a day today's donut day as I've
been tweeting about all day you're good
Brigitte refused to allow me to just let
the donuts fall over ground because a
fucking sugar ants or something yeah so
she had to put that down so today is
donut day and today is Friday and
tomorrow is Saturday it's cumin last
night we went to the movies again I
reviewed insidious chapter three and the
entourage movie if you haven't seen the
reviews and you want to see him boom in
tonight when I'm right there boom we're
not going to the movies tonight
Bridget wanted to go see spy and I was
like I love it I was like I don't know
about that movie but it's got a huge
rating last night everybody click like
because they want to see Bridget get
sprayed with silly string play the
doughnuts
so one bridge at least expected stop
silly string it's gonna be real silly up
in here I'm gonna hide the way what's up
I'm hiding um you'll make me fall so
let's get our Friday started we ain't
going nowhere we're gonna watch TV I'm
watching Pulp Fiction again tonight Pulp
Fiction with your three girl Dandan
diamond we're playing Pulp Fiction soon
and it's cumin Bridget look at the
weather
bullshit what what happened that
Jesus bridges just a bumblebee let it
help your take the camera so I can do it
there you go I saved the day I'm not
scared of bumble bees yeah you okay got
all recorded Oh even when I fucking turn
around come on
delete it Oh pickle boy is afraid of
bumble bees incoming so there's a bee
inside
Bridget's little area and I had to get
it out luckily it's floated stay far
away I'm not getting every bug for you
I'm not a fucking exterminator
Oh Bridget Frank so like I was trying to
say before Bridget are screaming the
weather implies we might be able to use
my telescope tonight doctors bees
everywhere
there won't be out tonight so like I
said I'm watching a pulp fiction for
someone that day because that's how I
want to celebrate and I'm waiting for it
to turn tonight so I can see if the
stars is out okay Bridget you ready for
this yes I'm so excited
never we stars are out I can finally use
it I know I can't freakin wait
really scared so right now Bridget is
looking for Jupiter which is out right
now and I'm scared to look around it Oh
what saw it
let me see it's moved I moved it because
I got scared
all right folks it's time for the
fattiest burger that I've ever made of
my whole entire life boom the Krispy
Kreme burger I got one part of a bun
grill up here super-thin burger patty
put it on the donut yes those are little
happy faces and we cover it there we go
yeah if you have heart problems don't
eat this are fucking delicious Wow
so right now I am watching ancient
aliens and this episode is about the
space the great fucking space it's alien
related suggested if you ever wonder
about aliens and you want confirmation
watch this show because aliens exist in
every episode and I'm not saying aliens
don't exist because I think that's naive
to believe uh with all of this space
that we have in all these galaxies in
these planets and black holes and we'll
never explore it and I don't think we'll
ever know but I do think they exist they
just can't reach us we can't reach them
and they're probably wondering if we
exist I'm not saying it's aliens but
aliens so if you guys haven't seen it
yet Roman Atwood uploaded a vlog that is
in 360 fuckin degrees now it is being
tested I don't think it works on
browsers like on the computer maybe it
does I don't know but I know it works on
the iPad because I'm going to show you
here we got to check this thing out so
right now his vlog is live there he is
talking and the idea is you can watch
this fucking thing at 360 degrees I want
to look at his roof there we go I want
to see what's going on over here it it
is seriously the next step in fucking
vlogging entertainment or whatever you
want to call it who are you guy yes this
is wild budget isn't it yes let's do it
oh shit core first of all does anybody
even know how we did it what kind of
camera he used my mind Roman Atwood wins
the Internet
congratulations that thing is crazy as
fuck so one what kind of camera did he
use in - do you guys want to see us try
to do an angry grandpa 360-degree video
depending on if I can afford the camera
if I can afford the camera I would
definitely be interested in the idea
click the like button if you want to see
me trying to do a 360 degree angle video
and if I can afford the camera I'm gonna
look into it I don't even know what kind
of camera to use do you guys know tell
me below cuz I have no clue tweet me
post it below let me know what kind of
camera that was and let me know if you
guys want to see me try to do a grandpa
hobby follow me I don't even know why
that would be dad just like sitting in a
chair smoking you're like looking around
his house like watching like his TV
while he's smoking I don't know so when
I'm gonna get out of here thanks for
watching you guys planet that was
awesome I was too scared to look at one
point Bridgette found Venus and I I was
terrified at one point we found Jupiter
and it was terrified for some reason I
am just terrified to look at the stars
and like I screamed we didn't get it on
camera we weren't recording but I looked
in a way wow I'm a little bitch what
else can I say that's gonna be it for
today you guys
hit us up below did you buzz you're on
there that's us like subscribe favorite
and that's a up half right Bridget likes
that I don't like bizarre you
