what's going on you guys kid in front of
a telescope with a slice of cake and a
fat ass
behind a camera here today it's Thursday
and I'm talking a little bit low because
I don't want to wake Bridget up because
I want a surprise her today me and Bella
just woke up and we came down and the
first thing that we saw was the living
room boom yeah
this room is fucking wrecked let me show
you just how dirty it was the second me
and Bella walked down the stairs Bella
annoy the first thing she did was
getting her fucking cage hey girl she's
like fuck this room I'm getting the cage
give me the paw he hate it in here well
that was super quick she's like yes
absolutely
so before Bridget wakes up I'm gonna do
it she told me she would clean it
because it's my birthday mess and she
would do it I got this so I'm starting
off looking into this fucking box want
to make sure there's nothing in here
that I might throw away oh my gosh Paige
you cut out Bella did you get out see
this big box that's a huge box
she's like hyperventilation it's too
dirty
oh all right a shit bailout Bella five
your friend
so hurt me Bella
we need this box proper garbage baby
alright I went through the box
Bella tried to attack the box and that's
how to put all the garbage in it I also
got some silly string yesterday for my
birthday so click like if you want me to
prank grandpa Bridget let me know in the
comments which one or both you want to
see me fuck with the silly string with
hand I don't even care to see this I got
silly string and is coming for you
speaking of silly string I had an old
video on the angry grandpa show channel
where I was pranking people with silly
string and at the end of the video I
sprayed a picture of Jesus with silly
string and I said something on lines
have fucked you or something and I
deleted the video I deleted it about a
month ago because I realized it's very
childish it was very immature and very
inappropriate for people who do believe
in religion and all that stuff and I'm
not trying to be offensive I don't want
to you know offend anybody so I
apologize if I did offend anybody with
that it was years ago I was very stupid
with it and I apologize if anybody saw
it and if they were offended well I am
wearing my Dean Ambrose shirt and the
other living room is halfway clean not
done yet lots of it put up
Bridget's awake hey Michael what is they
they check my purse what do you mean
there's nothing in there but we're not
sneaking any smack but if you look under
my wallet though
right here we got a big thing of garbage
this is two things of garbage and I
don't know if we can even put this to
the street so two nights in a row we're
going to the movies tonight we're gonna
go see insidious last night what's
entourage tonight I'll tell you guys
what I thought about both movies
something kind of funny yesterday is if
you watch the vlog I think I wore like
five different shirts yesterday check
this out
pickleboy the man of many shirts and
tonight the man of many movies you
excited in many kisses so here we are on
our way to the movies and whoa this
feels like deja vu fYI I'm time wearing
the same shirt but that's different it's
the same shirt the fucking cronut box
don't tell me this trash all over the
floor to Bridget well we just got out of
the movies from seeing insidious chapter
three it was disappointing I don't I
didn't like it I mean from a girls
standpoint it was okay but it was not
like the first two at all and it's sad
it really sucks
so the concept that made the first one
so good
the first two is the idea that there are
demons in this other world that are
around us but they can't penetrate us
however this one just throws all of that
away because there's a fucking demon
walking around the apartment at the
beginning of the movie closing doors and
cause a laptops like he like closes the
blinds this shit is like let's get a
little light out of the room and it
jumps on it I mean you see it in the
trailer so I'm not really spoiling
anything but then he jumps on her and
screams in her ear and then she screams
and that was just so bad at one point
she closed her eyes and she wakes up in
another room upstairs like come on
that's never happening I was scared and
insidious because the idea of this cake
had Astro project his body but his body
is vulnerable to demons and that was
scary to me and the demons would get
closer and he's trapped with the demons
but this one this bitch is like fighting
demons and shit yeah well I don't know
that I don't think that I liked it at
all no and
and so yeah my face is super red right
now must be insidious demon no you're
just break it out oh so I don't know I
don't think that I liked insidious
chapter three I still love the first two
in fact let's go home and watch them so
we can redeem this night now then on to
entourage
now the first five minutes of the movie
maybe 10 minutes
was a little wonky it uses us catch up
for people who may have not seen it I
hated the first five minutes of the
movie
well then once the movie kicks into
Entourage it's fucking entourage baby
and it was awesome it was like a really
good half season of Entourage if you
liked the show definitely go watch
entourage cuz it's pretty fucking
amazing ok you can't see it right now
how much on the light so me and Bridget
every time we walked in here we see this
fucking thing sir so we're back home
she's waiting at the door I think she's
had to go this whole time she's been
chilled by the Gloucester whore get home
so I can go use the bathroom you've got
it Bella I see her to pull up and came
over here what I tweeted after the movie
so I know I have it I can't find it the
dog's head about it
Bridget has lost my iPhone
don't even dare blame me you've lost my
iPhone you lost it I can't find it the
movies I tweeted after the movies I was
on my phone tweeting after the movies
well no just stop having a fucking cell
phone dude I don't deserve one I guess
yeah well since I still haven't found my
iPhone 5s I took Bridget 6 out of the
case and I'm fucking keeping it until
she can find my 5s cuz I'm not dealing
with it
well keeping up with the theme of horror
night
I personally meet came up with the idea
oh oh no that was my idea
oh it wasn't it was me that was my idea
all right taking it from me
I don't appreciate that it was brigeth
idea for just for that ice you better
record that Johan I didn't okay folks
boom now it's time for our horror block
to open up first
hora block presents the hora block Short
Film Festival 2015 in association with
Rue Morgue magazine they are short
horror films oh my god that's so cool
this is the young Hannibal based off of
the NBC show
nice room warm magazine's weird stats
and morbid facts that's pretty awesome
I'm reading that let's check out some of
those okay more than a hundred and sixty
different actors have played Dracula
since the beginning of cinema the count
is the most film movie monster of all
time that is really cool I like having
my I didn't close it it closed on me not
since the beginning of time has the
world beheld terror like this it's the
creature of the Black Lagoon
what are you doing no you do not you do
what you doing bad you can't have room
more of magazine use even grip the couch
as I pet him yes
oh did you get that it kissed me of
course as always room org magazine with
the Human Centipede as the cover
noise you just need a welcome to Silent
Hill oh cool dude a Silent Hill sure oh
my good so we got a book of stats a
Silent Hill shirt a Hannibal pop figure
a DVD of short films horror block you
the man today man
yeah hora blog hashtag or block dammit
also they have an epic moment the shirt
goes over my head try it again
it's mine I don't know you tell me
you're not gonna talk or something where
is it
I don't know maybe it's around here
somewhere you lost it you lost you lost
it I know you like oh please move it's
not in this drawer behind me I'm at it
no no why dude bad I fucking don't know
through some heart but the fucking case
you're yelling at me
well that's gonna be it for today you
guys win saw insidious I cleaned up the
mess in the living room I lost my cell
phone I stole a Bridget cell phone I
opened up a horror block I reviewed a
movie
I got scared by the telescope I didn't
want a shit today I don't like doing
this much stuff during a day I like
sitting at home I like doing nothing I
don't like helping around the house I
don't like losing cellphones and open
them like this day was too much for me
not really today was a fucking blast you
guys went fucking ham on that video
yesterday clicking light because you
want to see grandpa tried that America
burger fuck yeah what a glorious
glorious day and it's over that's it
thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe your cell phone was in
there was that's when I was taking a
shit oops
