what's going on you guys kid behind a
camera here bitching this add a bridge
was there and today is June 3rd and
today I'm celebrating my birthday by
first going to the movies to see
entourage and yes that is still the
cronut box in the back seat and there's
a cronut in it and I'm thinking about
taking it in to the movies with show
them the other junk know by your feet so
anyway we're on our way to the movies
right now we're gonna go see entourage
I'm very excited to see it I was a huge
fan of the show so we're going to
theaters right now let's start my
birthday so actually just elbowed my
face I saw like that so we are in the
movies right now seeing on doors the
capacity there's only four people out
the other was showing so I hope it's
good I've been looking forward to it I'm
ready to find out what's been going on
with Vinnie chase you know it's gonna be
a good movie you refuse to watch the
show okay you're calling me a fucking
hour or nine you've called me an
elephant officially no so you're a year
older you gonna join an elephant
position as the worst elephant I've ever
seen in my whole is a shit no it's dots
Oh like I don't know why I do that
I brought day babe I just want you to
know that you're not old by any means
yes I am I understand your sadness is I
feel the same way with my birthday
you're aging wonderfully instills young
so don't be sad be happy you got me lol
just kidding why just kidding because I
was a joke but not really a joke hope
today is a good day for you I love you
with all my heart and I don't know what
I would do without you you're an amazing
person cheer up and let's eat birthday
cake do you have for the cake and play
The Witcher 3 did you shown two emojis
though that
I was gonna throw it but I okay you
saying yesterday I call him an elephant
and I stink
oh shit the mom sent me a card with shit
Wow god I love corn
I like smelling good this is the only
way I smell good cuz I don't shower
let's get this smells like mmm sleep
pants I love sleeping I know right
lots of them
Angry Birds it's an angry grandpa
wrapping paper oh my god I know right
pepper
Dean Ambrose this is a hoodie or a pants
I don't dance
I'm the lunatic fringe and I'm unstable
hey Dean Ambrose you're definitely stuff
that's cool
Dean Ambrose is fucking awesome dude I
know I love her
he's he's great on the microphone he's
great in the ring cool look it know how
audience it is what the book yes more
less of a book more of a cookbook kind
of thing maybe be careful opening it or
maybe it's the witcher guide no oh how
genius of mine I'll bet you're blonde Oy
aren't you I'm pretty blown away like
what the fuck
ha how is this heads-up Witcher guide I
was right ha ha ha suplex City bitch
suplex City
hey why I'm scared you won't like um
it's funny walk finale spoiler wall goes
back to being it to finale spoiler shirt
finale spoilers all fixes a parking
ticket for hey that's awesome
totally my dry humor oh I've seen this
one I'm coming yeah would you with yes
oh my god I love it's New York Jon
Lovitz face it that's what I love it's
New York nice
looking good we have yeah I love half so
much there might warm up everything
together oh that's nice
I'm all New York down right now
oh this bitch packed it full of peanuts
I know right
okay so this is a card Bella lazy Clyde
feeling stupid Ninja Turtle stickers
happy birthday uncle wah bah I love you
love love Lily Eliza mm Z Z Z Z I think
this is from Lily
Oh homemade birthday card it's adorable
she's any spongebob back it's so funny
I'm gonna make this we should make it
today
oh how about a nice tall glass of shut
the fuck up
I love the ELMO wrapping the Simpsons
I really gotta watch sensibly I agree I
love Simpsons cannot spend more money on
me what stop it she sent oh wow that's
awesome oh that's really cool Kim funny
little bit hey I'm fearless Nikki good
hahaha
Jesus Christ
getting lip is the thing it does really
fearless Nikki now it's girl
it's pickle you can look but you can't
touch
Nikki Bella is a cardboard oh shit
really is it oh that was sick you can
hang them here yeah
that is awesome holy shit that's amazing
for real eat sleep conquered the streak
and I was there for it Wow that's
awesome dude
it comes with a piece of the ring grow
up this is number 487 and Paul and Brock
signed it
that's awesome is definitely getting
hung up in that room wow I didn't know
they even had any more Oh
oh my god dude this thing is like r2d2
holy crap it's so big I did not know
something oh my god holy shit
is it heavy yeah it's very very heavy
actually well here it is holy crap this
big bastard
I want the battery attachment to it yet
but we will oh we bail I don't want us
to know this try well we got the
telescope now it's time to see some
stars I got I got it just tell everyone
this you barely looked at instructions
like how the fuck did you know like
everything I'm a genius
ah now let's go see some stars we're
gonna huh
Bridgette oh my god
does this me welcome see me stars I
think it's coming all bellows we you can
take it out of that like I want out of
it oh I hate that yeah you've met them
in the yard
oh well I guess no stars tonight
what's weather looking like tomorrow
same guesses the day after that we're
gonna look at stars in two days
no it's been raining all week Oh Bella
well first I'm wearing my spoiler finale
shirt Oh grandpa just brought me this
now I know what you're thinking first of
all thank you Dad
you're well done ed birthday I know that
I doesn't trust the brownies because you
put X locks in it but I'm confident that
he's not dumb enough to do the same
thing again I'm gonna eat it whoa you
like have dirtier houses yeah yeah how
to cut filthy you look like you're like
itching to get out of here this place is
a dump
he's like he's telling like a crack
addict who's like itching his skin oh
wow I can't stop eating it that's really
um that's good we'll enjoy mmm no you
can't have any addenda Bella Oh
doubles everything so I got to show you
something that bridge done for my
birthday and well you won't be able to
lift it in a story in any way but it's
off limits let's take a look at this
Jesus Christ telescope whoa I can do
what I have with that no not do anything
with hamper with it honestly I don't
know if you had a hammer Pete with
damaging
okay seriously it's very durable and
it's like a hundred pounds damn try to
move it see if you have anything as it
fell oh hell no you hit that one over
your head that way go man so telescope
oh you care of dad thumbnail huh is it
camera dying or something I see it
flashing yeah it is I wash my hands of
this can't even have technology well
that's gonna be a free day you guys had
a great birthday had a ton of presents
from Bridget you know a ton of shit I
want that frog is telling me to shut the
fuck up
seriously though thank you for all adds
a lot of shit that's really cool yeah
thank you and I love you you don't want
to hear it I can't take you came off in
short shots how are you actually giving
me affection nope frog one don't want it
so I stopped officially before I go I
wanted to talk to you guys about
something I saw one a the Hardys slash
Carl's jr. commercial that came on
earlier they have a new burger a
Frankenstein creation of a burger that I
want grandpa to try if it's something
you guys want to see usually I like to
film grandpa going to the drive-thru and
trying new burgers if you want to see
him try the all-america burger click
like check this fucking burger out
fucking hotdogs and potato chips and
pickles then my god did you see that
thing that burger has hot dogs it has a
burger it has cheese it has potato chips
it's fucking over
I even plan on telling grandpa that in
order to order the sandwich at the
drive-thru he has to scream America just
because I want to hear him do it
so smack that like button anger
grandpa's gonna eat a burger with hot
dogs and potato chips and okay I will
shut the fuck up anyway that's gonna be
it for today you got
is thank you so much for all the
birthday wishes you gave me and thank
you all so much for the condolences and
respects that you're paying to John
Hensley that's a great person it was a
really good guy he was genuine and I'm
gonna we're really gonna miss him I just
want to send thoughts out to his
girlfriend / life partner Mary to shoot
her your guys lives are a lot emptier
without him
thank you guys so much I want to thank
you for everything that you guys
continue to do for us for liking the
videos for sharing of you guys as always
are fuckin awesome and that's it
happy birthday pickle boy hive birthday
pickle ball thanks for the telescope
yeah add us on Twitter below bridge of
us right here it's below on the screen
like subscribe favorite follow Bridgette
and unfollow and now no my hands already
covered and that hog is talking again
but you supposed to happen
