what's going on you guys keep behind the
camera here and I'm starting my vlog off
in a parking lot with she's back
grandma's back after Mother's Day so you
get us here twice this year how about
that how about celebrating yay so we are
at the Walmart on Rivers Avenue in North
Charleston and we're gonna get some
groceries we're gonna chill out I'm
gonna check out Walmart cuz it is our
favorite store is it your favorite store
do you hate it it's great it's my
favorite Walmart
we're the process of looking for one of
these I say to him all day in bed looks
like they stopped putting names on these
ones this what VIP and winks and number
ones we're trying to find with us of kin
because we have literally never found
one that's a wink okay DFO if you guys
have one this is Kimberly let us know
because we've never seen one have you
ever seen one Kim you've seen the gown
I've never seen it count
yeah Kimberly they have the Sandra and
like everything L take Kim I'll settle
for anything close I've seen Michael and
Brigitte and Charles and I'm not even
named in person I've never seen camera
Hey look
Walmart version of the krona
and it's actually shaped with the moves
on
we're in my favorite aisle of Walmart
the frozen I know look it'll show that
one chicken-and-waffle I could go for a
bridge because I am a hungry man and I
select mom is this hereditary is this my
favorite aisle because you gave it to me
my favorite aisle is the frozen food
section I was wondering if that's
hereditary can you pass no I was
pregnant with you I guess so mom passed
one the fast of the frozen food aisle
gene there's something about strawberry
cream poking out of this Twinkie that
does not look appetizing just clear this
like the bad book that I am I'm gonna
eat some of these cronuts in the car
yeah oh my gosh fail all right mmm you a
dance yeah yeah but doesn't what do dogs
try it anyway once it'll taste like a
dildo
Wow here it makes between a car song and
the donut so mommy right now dad and I
were in the middle of a prank war I'm
gonna run an idea by you I want you to
tell me if it'll terrify him or not is
anything terrify you did so what do you
mean well that idea mom yeah yeah
that'll work I did so busy just got a
strong stomach or a strong bladder you
think he's gonna piss oh shit Tommy both
so getting a little bit of prank it by
some grandma cuz nobody knows dad more
than her even though they're divorced
they live together for how many years 31
years so if anybody knows how to make
him shit the bed it's her will that work
I think so so hanging out with Grandma
she just burped what Michael who is
Michael we found one with Michael we
can't find one with Kim or Brigitte if
you guys have one tweet it to me
minor bridges Twitter's of below I saw
you licking your fingers well we are
home now
and I'm watching wrestling look
everybody I got good shisha wrestling
again therefore low what
no I'm not watching wrestling so that
was really cool hanging out with mom
today
got some prank advice my birthday's
tomorrow I'm so fortunate she didn't
tell me happy birthday because I
couldn't handle it man I couldn't handle
it I don't know about you guys but
birthdays are just something that I do
not celebrate I just speak in the gifts
the other day when Cindy came over to
clean the house she brought me some
birthday presents and for some reason I
didn't include it in the vlog because
I'm stupid I'm big do it baby
check it out happy early birthday the
reminder that I'm old oh cool
it's how'd you finally how did you find
that amazing guys very very cool I have
to go I have to send somebody a package
just so I can take my pick okay I know
right I agree I have to do that and
there's a car it's about where'd you
find a dog shitting did you find that
when seriously mom just now how does a
Walmart get the shit card oh come on
Cindy oh man
well I appreciate you guys you're so
nice mom in the card up that's fucked up
right it's very funny like that's a
keeper forever
say are you gonna read this on camera Oh
hope your birthday's full of simple
pleasures shitting the simplest of
pleasures you also she enjoys shitting
she's like I think Michael enjoys shit I
get a card about this you enjoy shitting
right Jimmy
oh that's very appreciate it honey thank
you that is the coolest I love it like
that's amazing I have to send somebody a
packet I know I agree we're just
cleaning the house because that's what I
requested for my birthday you got it
babe cooked it for dinner
well that's gonna be it for today you
guys I stepped outside I'm gonna do my
outro while Bridgette is in there she
doesn't know I'm doing it so I'm gonna
try to clear through this what outer
first I just wanted to take a moment to
tell all you guys how appreciative I am
of all your birthday wishes you guys
have been giving me one oh she made it
out I tried to get through the whole out
without Bridgette she made me find it so
funny that you asked me to clean for
your birthday when I always clean it's
an excuse to get you to clean what do
you really want for your birthday
nothing I don't want anything literally
I want nothing we'll see because you
didn't really like your gifts that they
like I was saying you know I really
appreciate all the birthday wishes and
all the stuff you guys are sending me on
Twitter and Facebook
it's crazy too overwhelming I don't
celebrate birthdays but I appreciate the
things you guys are saying to no end I
appreciate it thank you guys it's it's
an honor to celebrate my birthday with
you not with you I'm just kidding happy
birthday 18 yeah so anyway thanks for
watching you guys
what is that fuck
oh yeah
to be honest licking my fingers is much
worse than eating a lifesaver candy off
the ground
so anyway thanks for watching you guys
like subscribe favorite I didn't clean
my hands that are away my ass earlier
that's it
dan I just fucking eat you
