what's going on you guys bald baby
behind a camera here and today is
Saturday and today is spring cleaning
this sucks
today spring cleaning and the chewiness
were thinking about Colin bridges mom
over here to help make her help us at
some point we let all of our junk build
up on us loot crate's nerd blocks and
stuff over time starts to generate on us
I have a closet full of loot crate yeah
maybe I get too many crates maybe I get
too many nerd crates and loot crate's
and wrestle crates and horror blogs and
maybe by the way I got a wrestle crate
that I'm gonna open today
Oh last night during the video when you
said let your dad I'll let your dad fix
my phone you did this horrible laugh I
don't know what it was let's check this
out hey yeah that was bridges laughing
no wrong with it now let's listen to it
again in slow motion
so we're getting our Saturday started Oh
can't you tell I'm trying to get out of
this I got to talk to the camera for a
few more minutes let's just have a
connection for a minute
well we've got Cindy helping us now this
is a bag full of crepe this is all great
Cindy that's all loot crate's and stuff
right there in here and this is all the
stuff that is in the crates my goodness
I'm doing all the Cindy's work we're
taking it out to look at it no unboxing
this big crash if you look right here
I've got an oculus rift and I opened it
I couldn't understand it and now it's
sitting back in his box this is the
development kit to
this is the riff I don't know how to use
it though man this is really complicated
it is about ten o'clock seriously yeah
well I'll take 11 o'clock and this is
where we're at wow this is so much shit
dude holy crap and this just came out of
two rooms so in a few minutes we're
gonna check out the room see how they
look and then full of my wrestling stuff
what yeah what hmm
you're joking right
I wish you guys could have seen it
before for some reason we didn't film it
because we just been cleaning however
this was a junk room and now we are
entering it
it's fucking empty we really got pillow
in one corner and throw in the other
corner oh you like the room lazy here is
a bunch of stuff I found what this yes
yeah Wow
I got a lot of cool shit in here every
season of The Simpsons hello South Park
Seinfeld loot crate stuff like these
glasses today spring cleaning folk and
this is my new glasses
Oh a little princess clown I'm princess
pickle boy so here I am is princess
pickle girl my Harry Potter books that
I'm trying to convince Bridget to read
but she won't she's refusing okay now
we're gonna go check out the other room
this is my little playroom okay it's
pretty dark light where you have there
you go boom that's right folk I still
play with wrestlers and here is my arena
Cyndi knocked on my entrance oh my god
good God Almighty
good God buddy's gonna kill him
one two three
pickle boy goes to raw here is another
closet
we got my hag reading there we got a
fake snake we've got a Freddy Krueger
glove some lootcrate nerdblock stuff I
got my wrestling belts
I got a slipknot mask Harry Potter print
I just got a lot of stuff in here hey
Felix Chan will come in it's like I
don't know what are you up to I think
they're killing animals I'm getting out
of here
yep fuck them - killing animals hey
Claude you ready to open up a wrestle
crate
we've super excited for this okay guys I
know how you get when I open Brussels
Prince so I'm counting on you to be on
your best behavior
Bella left so she's on her Clyde is it
opening all right so here we go he's
interested this is an example of the
ultimate current which is $29.00 how
they open it after this we should
totally play Witcher I've been missing
that game every single day every time I
play I'll be missing you oh oh oh my god
that was so cute well it's the first
look into the crate whoa what kinds of
stuff in this first things first I get
is that an abyss autograph packaged in
there is Seth Rollins
our exclusive limited-edition 38 of 500
it is a Seth Rollins like lithograph or
something like that this is pretty cool
that's very very cool with that is also
a signed picture of the monster abyss
that's pretty cool awesome these guys
fucking awesome dude Russell Creek fan
guys can't wear white give me a black
shirt someday open that look oh shit
holy shit Kevin Steen versus Mark
Briscoe
the championship this is sick this was a
good show I can't Wow this is 20 bucks
that's awesome an autograph a freaking
$20 awesome wrestling DVD fuckin rusev
oh my god Roose up Elite figure oh come
on dude these are 20 I know no that's
more like 30
what is no come on these are like 22 but
still 20 20 40 I know what you would
price an autographed picture of it
Wow dude these guys stepping it up first
let me put my diet soda in there cuz I'm
watching my figure leave this
oh yes the cream of the crop yeah it's
the macho men oh cool it's the luchador
dogs oh nice I could take them the
reservoir dogs but for Luchadors we got
psychosis we've got lobbies people I I
don't know all of them
the luchador dogs I know it's really
crazy these guys seriously I didn't even
I forgot to sign up for a crate this
month and they sent it to me
what yeah they spend it to me anyway
even though I forgot this is a fucking
awesome company dude and I would be
really sad that I missed out on this I
want to watch this tonight instead of
The Witcher No
I think Bella proves of wrestle crate
this Mamluk Bridget oh my god why is she
scared like this Oh makes waves yeah she
nut how do you know what you got right
there Bella sure I know what things are
and I'm scared of them she hates getting
her face but she well sweetie you got
wrinkles I gotta get cleaned
give me your paw if you want us to go
away if you haven't seen I uploaded the
video where grandpa made his ex lacs
brownies link is below and then if you
want to see what the brownies did to me
click the link here cuz they killed me
grandpa killed me
a lot of spring cleaning open to wrestle
crate seriously if you don't have a
wrestle crate sign up for them the link
is below I love these guys usually I
don't tell you guys to sign up for
anything when I open these crates I
don't have links at the bottom but these
guys are really like they're really cool
check them out below wrestle crate is
worth every penny if you're a wrestling
fan and that's it I got dinner at
grandpa's tomorrow I'm working on
another prank already can't go into
details but grandpa good and pretty soon
and that's it thanks for watching
add us below does it starting to get
x-rated and that's it
like subscribe I took a shot what if I
meant everybody hey
