what's going on you guys Kip be on a
mustard stain here vigilant here no
mustard on my face today is Friday
or should I say tonight is Friday
because I'm sorry in this vlog at 8
o'clock
we've been playing which are three off
day addicting
hashtag addicted to food and Witcher
mostly Witcher quit talking cuz I can't
pose like this for long
Michael mustard on my hand too I just
put out the angry grandpa kills pickle
boy prank and if you haven't seen it the
link is here high five
that was good I'm in the middle of
giving a thumbs to the corner of the
thing one of the questions that I've
been getting on Twitter not lately but
over time people just ask me
people ask me one of my favorite parts
of the videos so I thought why not let
you guys know what my favorite part of
the videos are after I upload them so
first let's ask Bridget what is your
favorite part of the video
Sam bruh I'm sweating bruh part yeah
that's my favorite part
okay this part hey I'm sweating bro and
my favorite part is when I look to the
corner and I say hey grandma and dad
looks to me boo shit grandma dead Wow
bio Oh bullshit come on Dan so anyway
let's go ahead and get the day start
another favorite part is whenever he
leaves the room and comes back and
before you you're so skip it
I'll show you that for you still good
friend huh Oh J Q prime that's fine yeah
yeah
yeah yeah that part's embarrassing um
anyway let's get our night started
Friday fuck day Friday Claude is just
chillin he has had a long day dude he
was running around the yard for hours
and now he just barely came over cuz she
wants a little bit rough she wants a row
cuz she got jealous you got jealous cuz
cloud was gettin on it uh-huh
oh I'm not lazy here he's yelling y'all
get jealous when one of them gets the
love why do you all get so jealous more
it's like I want the love not them okay
all three of you can get love and Felix
too if you would ever come out of hiding
my god it's a feel exciting he came from
behind the couch
so trending online right now there is a
code that you can send to people with an
iPhone and if it pops up as a new
message it'll crash your phone and I
didn't know that it was a trending
little topic until it was too late for
the past few days I've been using a
different phone and it was actually
pointed out to me by some people on
Twitter they asked what happened to my
phone if you haven't seen check this out
what happened to pickle boys phone
that's a 5s what happened to my phone is
a Bridget Bridget happened to my phone
okay no don't even blame me
so Bridget thought that it would be
funny to send me the phone code that
crashes your iPhone and not just once
she would send it to me like a hundred
fucking times
Bridget took advantage the fact that I
don't open her messages I just let her
message its build up and build up cuz I
don't read them which means her
notifications are always popping up at
the top which is exactly what you need
to crash somebody's iPhone with and she
did it to me over and over and I didn't
know what was happening I'm sitting
there trying to listen to Death Cab for
Cutie the Eiffel Tower built a smaller
scale what the fuck the freshest oxygen
I ever inhaled what I cracked a bottle
against the safety rail killing time huh
and it happened over and over and over
and over and over and over and over and
I didn't know what was happening and so
I did this
real funny look at this has anybody ever
one where looks like inside an iPhone
let's do them let's figure it out guys
this is what an iPhone screen looks like
look it's kind of transparent the lose
hook yet my dad might bill to fix it oh
fuck come on look at this oh this thing
gets beat the fuck up
you should have came to me dude so this
is what I end up with nothing why cuz it
was so funny and we got a dive laughing
well my phone's right broken well get
down da song anymore
I just fine so this is what it looks
like when you send your friends that
little code that restarts the RAI phone
they think it's broken and they smash it
to pieces if they're crazy like I am
and I'm crazy and I smashed the fucking
thing to smithereens you're not getting
anyone for a while hmm so right now I am
in the process of watching entourage
from season 1 my goal is to be able to
finish the whole season by Wednesday
when the movie comes out because I'm a
huge entourage fan and I'm actually
trying to get brigitte to watch it and
she's kind of refusing come watch this
with me please it's 11 o'clock at night
I'm watching Entourage and I make you
some popcorn all the reason I'm showing
it to you is because it's a new bag and
I want to check it out at the same time
comments do you really think it's
fat-ass needs to be eating popcorn you
know I don't but I mean it anyway hey
it's not that bad well not yet
I'm gonna take it out early because
usually a fucking burns when I choose a
popcorn option and I don't want it to
burn okay so as you see it's a pop-up
bowl and I just grabbed it right here
that is so cool and we have a bowl hey
bad one I love you a lot of dog popcorn
Bella well that's gonna be it for today
you guys good little day - told you guys
about my phone I put up a vlog and I
have something else to talk to you -
about now I don't think I worded that
correctly have something else to talk to
you - about that that's all right it
sounds right yeah what the fuck was that
so me and Grandpa were talking and we
created a challenge and we want to do
the challenge for you guys I don't want
to tell you what it is
I wonder if you want to see it though do
you want to see grandpa homemade
challenge we don't do challenges we
don't create that many but if you want
to see it smack that like button a next
time with grandpa we're gonna try it out
so that's gonna be it for today you guys
let me know if you want to see it check
out the new video Bridget fuck you for
breaking my phone hey I did not break
your phone you overreacted as usual like
subscribe favorite my thumb in
everything the links are below my link
is first though it's not though I think
that's it
