what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here can't covered in sweat here
dead pickle boy behind the camera here
and I just pranked grandpa where are you
going I thought you were leaving I'll
make sure I got everything
can I come of that never coming back no
I thought you were car back you just min
ago you said you're coming back when you
defended oh you got a text message was
that another plan knew you were
beginning any oh good it took a lot for
me not to flip out on you yesterday I
will never trust her again
it was not my father a wire he's trying
to blame me dude she sold you out she
sold me out
okay guys did you really think they'll
fall for you making me a bunch of
brownies yeah you know what you're doing
Pig you need anything yeah that may be
true I'm a pig and not even but I'm not
gonna eat some something that you just
sorely brain I saved this because if you
want to eat one no oh why not good you
know what was in it I died dude yeah I'm
gone
prank grandpa walk out of my house
that's what I thought not Richard I know
you're gonna be able the next prank my
birthday is coming up no birthday pranks
you understand that yes
no birthday please okay yeah well one of
the first things that I'm sure you guys
noticed in the video was pickle boy is
super fat the second thing you probably
noticed is I shaved that's right
Bridget made me wait all day yesterday
before telling me this morning that the
hair clippers were in the bathroom right
where I left them
she never touched the hair clippers I
didn't even bother looking in the
bathroom and I look like total shit
right now dude my face is breaking out
my head I shaved it too rapidly in my
head looks like fucking crap it looks
like I set my whole head and a thing of
acid my fucking face is Rashed up my
head's Rastro I look like crap
aquaphor in your head what is that I've
suffered tattoos huh the stuff you put
on tattoos I don't know what that means
so they can heal
but wait meant yes
tied up women has no even happen
I even had behind camera so the video
I'm either going to upload tomorrow
night or Saturday night that is up to
you guys click like if you want the
video tomorrow night and if you do and I
know you guys want to see it tomorrow
night tomorrow night it is my hand was
like tomorrow night so yesterday in the
middle of my daily vlog grandpa came
over and he brought me some brownies and
I knew immediately I was being fucking
pranked I knew it I was like ok you're
bringing me brownies something ain't
right
however I was filming the vlog and I
couldn't say anything because grandpa
watches my vlogs so if I let you guys
know the vlog yesterday I'm being
pranked he wouldn't have fell for the
prank today however I pranked him I
found out his prank I knew what he was
doing I got him and I flipped it on him
and we gotta save Bridget come on I know
what you're up to what you were trying
to prank me listen I just gotta tell you
I found you out I told him only like 2
or 3 X locks he used two fucking boxes
what does matter I didn't eat them I
know but if you did that would have been
really bad so dad I hope you're proud I
got yeah we got him you got got yeah so
these are the brownies I'm losing a big
diaper filled with shit here is the
brownies that Paul brought me well I
gotta check one look at this and I was
like something is not right with this
sheet him ahead grandpa and Bridget this
was huge
quit acting like you are part of the
prank I wasn't really that part of it
though you had him probably you probably
fucking Kimmel the whole life no he told
me the idea and I was just like ok do it
I know your prank ideas you probably
let's get X likes and brands and give it
the pickleboy meanwhile I flipped it and
I died no I come up with good ideas
remember who the genius is I flipped a
brownie prank and made dad think that I
died I am the prank genius
does he fart I smell it too zat the
brownies oh god what the fuck is that no
no throw it in the trash
are you alright
oh you let me show this ointment head
god damn it ah white meth head white men
head behind a camera here hot cold this
is so funny this must have something do
with all my dandruff ah so much back hmm
God maybe the worst oh so much is there
a feel so bad for you you know it has
really been long enough it's high time I
hang up those other silver play buttons
and I just don't know what to do with
them that's the reason I haven't hung
them up do I move this over and do I put
them all here do i I don't know let me
know in the comments where you think I
should put the silver play button or let
me give you a shot of the wall and
something you guys can tweet me
photoshop's
of how you think it should look so
there's your elements get the
photoshopping let me know how I should
present the silver play button well it's
gonna be it for today you guys thanks
for watching
can't wait for this to grow back mainly
this to grow back cuz I don't like
looking like a baby successfully prank
grandpa today that feels pretty good
what's going on you guys I even had
behind the camera I fuckin hate being a
point man head just one joke about women
head and I'll be history so it feels
pretty good to have prank grandpa feels
pretty good to a flipped his prank
around on him
feels pretty good that he's pissed off
at me he actually called me about an
hour ago I answered the phone and
the entire phone call was him screaming
into the phone for about 30 seconds
before hanging up he was yelling
something I just don't know what it was
I couldn't make out the word I would
have liked to have got it on film but
Bridget misplaced the camera I blame me
I assumed it was you because I couldn't
find it no it was absolutely even if I
did find the camera next to my wrestlers
later should appointment head so
whenever I'm gonna get out of here what
are you doing what are you oh yeah what
is that about
I want to shove in your ointment face
and and head is that all glisteny yes
hmm there's a few anyway I'm gonna get
out of here thanks for watching you guys
click the like button if you want to see
the video tomorrow when I will upload it
I feel strange holding up a thumbs up
thumbs out it's odd like hey I know
right like subscribe favorite and check
out my new video from two days ago
follow us on Twitter below the johast is
below your face you don't just say it
youtube.com site anyway that's gonna be
it for today you guys thanks for
watching like subscribe favorite and
that's it
thumbs up hey my end of it
