what's going on you guys be tossed he
are so basically Michael went to sleep
at like 5:00 and it's like 8:00 and I'm
going to wake him up with this
hey fuck is it
he doing you know why you're so fucking
much whose time you get to danger go now
your hair your dandruff me alone dude
I'm sorry
ah
hi this is Brad
he's doing this for
Hey
I want to play the butcher 3 yeah I'll
be up around noon now you won't get up
now
what is that what behind you
why drool thing get okay yeah good
what's going on you guys kid that needs
a haircut here haircut behind a camera
here so I watch the video I don't know
what happened I remember waking up you
wake it I don't remember really being
pranked this morning I remember you
waking me up and I remember cutting my
hair my god why don't you let me do this
it was funny
well I needed to clean the room
so I'm Wu
I just posted on Twitter does anybody
want to see my hair like this because
it's embarrassing and everyone's saying
yes they want to see it they want to see
it so I proposed to picture a few
minutes of my fucked-up hair how could
you let me do it hide the Clippers don't
do that
all right the Clippers you have to go
public Bridget I already heard on will
be done I hit him so today his Wednesday
I didn't put up a vlog yesterday because
I was just sitting around the house
playing The Witcher all day by the time
I realized it was one o'clock in the
morning I didn't have a vlog and there
was nothing going on in my life to put
one up so didn't do a vlog yesterday but
I played The Witcher all day until 5
a.m.
pretty much so I'm gonna go cut my hair
in a few minutes
good luck you really hit the Clippers
yes I can't put up with it
but he's doing looking for the Clippers
Bridget you don't even need them I want
to cut my hair we have to go to Subway
good Bridget I'm not going to Subway
like this all right I'll just say your
cold and what it might be warm over
there though may be cold cold
I don't you gonna do you're gonna just
run me all over the house I'm not even
playing the game just give me the covers
play the game dude I'll be on it guess
what you're going to subway alone no I'm
not if I go out am I getting you nothing
ah warm warm warm warm cold I fucking
knew it you're not playing the fucking
game Clippers and I ain't even joking
about it no more where are they what the
fuck dude there's no hat
there's no Clippers I'm not going to
some way I did not hide your hats though
so that's on you this is going to be
serious bullshit come on let's go subway
I watched where to god I ain't going
make me do it sir you realize how hard
core you going to get pregnant we do
this seriously I want I'm hungry why do
I have to go on going with I'm going out
of the car because I didn't bring my
wallet oh shit
the only of your wallet
are you gonna go stomp dude
can I go now I'll go not this
I will never forgive you for this yeah
you will you thought that I was gonna
prank - but I thought you working with
Dad I'm in some people are laughing at
me that chick is crazy right oh my god
come on give me no I'm talking about
them yes
why do you throw me eat you're so cute
it's embarrassing ma'am let me believe
you made me go in there and then we had
to go so far away that it's fucking cold
it's hey that was your doing cuz I don't
wanna go to our subway cuz I'm gonna
remember us I just still do us in there
hey Cooper Wilhelm your hair what did
happen I need those Clippers bro I don't
know how they are
maybe they're in there I'm not even
buying it whatever please tell where
they are Bridget please tell me where
they are why are they now look into lie
well that's gonna be a for dating guys
hey I'm not so that's gonna be afraid a
you guys cook was embarrassed I think
about what you should look for the
Clippers so that's gonna be after today
you guys come on I've been looking for
the Clippers for hours they're nowhere
to be seen
wait I don't know I had them it's
whatever I wish I've dealt with it for
hours I'll just live with it I guess I
may go to Walmart and guess I'm not
going thanks for watching you guys I'm
gonna get out of here this is the hell I
to deal with a bad hair day oh it's
actually like you like it's really like
it click like if you're happy that I got
fucking dad to deal with this all day
that's gonna be it for today you guys
thanks for watching I'm embarrassed
because of that don't even subway made
fun of me no they didn't you could tell
they were they laughed yeah
like/subscribe he looks funny yeah
that's edge hey
