what's going on you guys kidnapped
behind the camera here we're just here
that's right
yesterday I was kidnapped kidnap it was
a my bad come on of course wasn't that
bad which is why I know it wasn't the
prank
Bridget has been trying to convince me
it's the damn prank dude she's been
trying to convince me that it's the
prank and I ain't buying it
Michael seriously was the prank okay
well if it was shitty job and you should
be ashamed of yourself for making it
because that was kind of a fucking
stupid prank sorry they think I'm stupid
you do I can see it in your eyes I can
see it when you laugh at me
just one more prank and I'll be history
so anyway they're trying to maybe think
that was the prank so I'll let my guard
down and I'll allow myself to be pranked
in the future and I'm not going to do
that like well that was serious guard is
up
also yesterday Bridget and I noticed
that there was something trending on
Twitter called the Charlie Charlie
challenge which is you put two pencils
in a cross and you say Charlie Charlie
are you here and the pencils will move
and you're supposed to believe it's a
ghost and I need a scientific
explanation because the pencils movie
and I don't know how to explain it
it was Charlie Michael I heard thumps in
the Attic mm-hmm no you didn't then if
you haven't seen that video the link is
below one Bridget
channel can you believe it she has an
upload folks subscribe that's not enough
reason to subscribe it's only one video
subscribe you grabbed by my hand again
so anyway getting our Monday started me
and Bridget better go off somewhere I'm
about to post an awesome picture on
Twitter if you want to see it the link
is below it's a flashback from my San
Jose trip check it out so anyway let's
get our Monday started bridge and I
about to go off somewhere then we all
money overall tonight hosted by the guys
from Entourage
we got The Witcher 3 which is an author
I got a slice of cake in the frigerator
so this is a good Monday I thought out
plain okay where'd you get a looking car
lady
my god lazy jump over and maybe that
wake up hey Bill you try and play with a
big ball if I yell will he wake up me
one hey God he's waking up now why do
you want to get this on film
you kids last thought it was so good
last time I had a headache a couple
weeks ago I took a B C powder and I just
went down for it I took the BC powder
and I puked immediately it was violent
time - oh it was so violent it's
actually really funny though it was one
puke and I was fine but I got your
sprite ready for you thank you
it wasn't terrible its water later with
a thing fuck this man
hey I'll leave good new it oh it tastes
take another slow
fuck I know I know it's so girls I used
to be able to do it what happened
basically so she's an orange juice yeah
we aren't have any miss it
I did it Oh God
poor thing
somebody's people watching like oh you
pussy well I can't help it god damn it
hey Bella she's worried about me oh
thanks Bill oh oh he wants one too okay
well kiss you cold
Oh lazy one too can you hop up where do
you go wait hey you are yeah he wants to
kiss you I could tell all right Oh eat
this man I know old and lazy those
breasts things Oh his breath is horrible
has he didn't shit or little lick
embellish pussy no treat Klein are you
okay Oh was it worth it
so last night we did this Charlie
challenge and just me here I wanted to
see could we do it again I know there's
obviously some kind of explanation I
just wanted to see it's like I was
saying yesterday don't believe in ghosts
but I always find these kind of things
interesting even if there is an
explanation and that is the Witcher in
the background why am I wasting my time
on this I don't want to actually say the
phrase because I feel stupid saying it
fuck it Charlie Charlie are you here
seriously if there's any kind of
explanation for this Charlie bullshit I
gotta know because it's actually
starting to scare me
I don't believe in ghosts but nope go
home charlie
fuck fuck
break it dances go get my fucking house
now all of a sudden are fucking better
I'm some fucking Charlie shit I'm gonna
get out of here you guys I'm not going
to fucking bad until you go to bed let's
go to bed now
please stop bring up the Charlie fucking
tired I gotta get this vlog up it's like
3:00 in the morning 3:00 in the warnings
when they say all the spirits come out
yeah I guess it's like the darkest hour
of the night so they say
I feel like you guys you and grandpa
made up this Charlie shit maybe you guys
I don't know
come on Tech Twitter dude it was your
fucking idea that's gonna be it for
today you guys this bullshit sick of it
if anybody has an explanation for the
trolley trolley shit freaking I heard
thumbs in the Attic I did not fuck I did
it right like subscribe ever watch my
favorite
