what's going on you guys get behind the
camera here and today is Sunday and I am
at Sunday dinner with angry grandpa and
surprisingly I'm eaten it was close I
was gonna not eat because he made my
favorite meal and I questioned it I
don't trust that
but then I saw Doug eating what are you
doing there Doug okay this is getting
bullshit are you alive or not yeah blow
sitting here with dad and I wait where's
your play oh you're doing a water - no
secret ingredient what fucking
ingredient the yeah probably termite
poison I made it I mean I don't care for
this last meal on family because it's so
fucking good shooter likes to talk about
what his death row meal would be it
probably this for me okay well good
dinner not poison we gotta go to war my
you were robbing to Walmart that's what
says are you willing to sign the
contract oh you're fuckin Walmart you
ogle me or not yeah
yes I'll go let's go okay we are on the
interstate and Grandpa's fucking ticks
in the drive-in I do
my question is why the hell we have to
go the interests a to go to freakin
Walmart you know we're going where I
want to go the one I've got that muscle
internet amongst corner Walmart yeah
no there's only about 45 minutes man
power I don't know where we are anymore
doesn't matter as you go for arrived
around you said we were going to Walmart
look we are good weird like fucking
Mount Pleasant or some peasant cranes
over what is over you fuck I knew it
dude I should not have trusted this you
have low level if you win what bro you
better not trying to make me walk home
from you because I don't even know how
to get home from here
well nobody have all go to goddamn River
just over this bridge we are like an
hour away from home I know
okay so what happens
is this the brain only what you talking
about
just like get it over with what are you
talking about you
well we didn't understand out like a
child interstate what I'm going to get
y'all better stayed right now
so do you have a specific place you're
going - no not really
you're obviously fucking with me you
want to fuck with me I want a goddamn
biscuit a biscuit yeah
from board Jango
it's approach acres of Rivers Avenue I
didn't want to go to one of rivers that
dangles in Somerville I like coming to
Mount Pleasant oh this is bullshit you I
know what you're doing you're trying to
freak you cross psych me out - I want
you to go into the core to get my bum
I'm gonna cheat go help us on the ban
I'm not doing it
well I think I'm stupid why do you think
I'm actually your baby you guys got any
just go to goddamn biscuit cuz you gonna
drive off oh man I would never just
drive I'll believe you
I've never happened ever without it
before you liar
you did it at the Olive Garden and
you're trying to do it again you're
trying to make a sequel of the Olive
Garden prank I knew it I figured you out
I don't forget all about that I'm not
getting out of it I'll go in again Oh
big deal
but if you want a biscuit you okay
you're big as in there I ain't getting
it for you bring me a steak biscuit just
my dick it doesn't make sense why you
would come this far out you weren't
kidding there's a photo jack Bojangles
right there I told y'all wanted a
biscuit huh brah this is like an hour
and take that damn oh good woman is that
expensive-looking or what no wonder they
got Walmart prices now try to figure out
your plan here so you came all the way
out here to Bojangles yeah to get a
biscuit I'm not getting out you say if
I'm give me we're off the back what that
I'm coming I don't trust that either
I'm not like I'm not eating a single
thing cuz I don't know
Yeah right I'm not let you leave me
James is heavy so what is this believing
now going home yes nope
no yeah get your biscuit need I'm not
eating shit goddamn throw the bag out
the window
you ain't throwing my goddamn money out
the window
you poisoned it or something I didn't do
anything
finally I'll be the good either I dare
you
now your problem over I'd like to change
them on good I'll take one now that is
what that what you're I don't get a
biscuit now take me home then find our
crew I live you on my dark if that thing
just a st. Paul Baptist Church where the
hell is st. Paul on da all and dull
this is bullshit dude
you have kidnapped me how you kidnap you
my boy I mean I'm talking about your
childhood man which was wet we never
been here before
no I hear but we used to call Sunday
afternoons ride we have William there
will be a location we were headed to no
one we just got around Sunday afternoon
just because we usually end up at Ryan
sad there goes to smell that fresh air
that we have been in the road for like
two hours
you have you gases yes right down the
road on the left like a stuck into it
he's got it buried three or four people
there what yeah turn the hell around no
obviously that's a good out of place I
you know you could bury a body out that
they'd never find him
I bring my taser would be I don't know
did you
I think it did yeah yeah don't for my
gun
oh yeah
something funny
hello inter question where's my phone
I'll bail out oh god yeah we left it at
Bojangles
ugh damn what
these roads like what and I'm gonna
drive like this but dude there could be
some thought oh my god dude you don't
know something run that corner dude okay
please go oh god I want to pass out of
thing how much long are you on the road
I wasn't even prepared to film this much
the battery is almost dead on this cam
right didn't I how did it over we are
dude where's your phone I don't have it
we are fucked dude and the GPS I don't
work yeah what the hell is that about
the wire look chewed up or something may
I have some drink you need to take it
after me there's a cook at Eglin got boy
I'll pour you something will you some of
that cup this yeah what the hell was all
that we knew bad about it ideas um what
the fuck you're telling me drink out of
it I had to be a Sunday peas peas peas I
think Oh God dude we're gonna fucking
die the camera is dying and we don't
have a phone to call anybody and we're
pump a teacher
oh man stop your bullshit man you rollin
you goddamn ma marry fuck
