what's going on you guys keep you out of
camera here
I love you guys oh I wanted to
freeze-frame myself today is Saturday
UFC comes on tonight looking forward to
that gonna play The Witcher tonight
looking forward to that I'm gonna make
tacos tonight looking forward to that
flight is rolling around on the grass
right now I'm looking forward to that
how cute is that I'm cracking a little
bit today I don't trust anything that
Bridget or dad are telling me grandpa
texted me today you won't come over
today no I do not I don't trust your
little fun house as well I shouldn't
trust his little fun house I know he's
gonna prank me I know he and Bridget are
planning something
he knows Bridget and I are planning
something Bridget knows that he and I
are planning something
what no you're not this morning Bridget
tried to wake me up said she wanted to
play The Witcher didn't trust it Bridget
offered to make tacos tonight don't
think so I'm making them bring me a soda
don't wanna I can get my own I want
nothing I trust nothing I'm fucking I'm
backed against the wall and freaking out
my mind is taking over
I don't know YouTube exists I bet this
away don't trust you I'm a prisoner of
my own mind so depend upon the
sunday-morning bow in my head so I'm
gonna lock myself away today gonna have
a little bit of fun gonna chill gonna be
alone got nothing to do a Bridget today
this is me I'm alone
nothing yeah
no Bridget is over there cleaning the
kitchen right now and
trust her motives I think something's up
what's going on Clyde what do you see
that I don't
she's up to something as I think it's
prank related and I'm bringing I'm
recording everything what are you doing
what are you doing see so smell
see what they are doing this stuff on
purpose no Michael there was freaking
what if the thing what if there was meat
in the sink I don't know maybe I'm
cracking up
I don't trust Bridget I don't trust
grandpa no yeah come on I got you one
video saying you're pranking me and I
get it we're gonna work together to
praying grandpa but I know you're gonna
work to prank me
well I don't trust it I'm worried I'm
paranoid I'm questioning everything
you're loose she's really close to me I
just want to hug oh do you yeah I'm
recording this okay my hands are up I'm
recording what is it so everybody knows
I am Michael Greene and I am recording
whatever purchased about to do to me I'm
just hugging you okay it looks fine
whatever the reason you did 30 G so
today for our tacos bridge and I decided
we wanted to try and make our own case
so they tell you to use white American
cheese and we went to Walmart we went to
fucking buy low we really went to Harris
Teeter by Grandpa's house nobody had
blocked white American so we had to get
Velveeta Velveeta
Casablanca well we're gonna see if this
still works just the same either way
right now I am melting butter in a pot a
little bit of flour the worst part about
this virgin what I cannot find my whisk
oh my god so I got a stir rapidly and
hope to god there's no moments which
there won't be as long as I do little
increments so I've added into flour to
my butter mixture as you can see there
is plenty of lumps that's why you keep
stirring I'm adding a little bit of
heavy cream little bits at a time can't
all the once or will be really wimpy so
again a little bit of heavy cream stir
until it is dissolved and ready for more
okay I'm gonna start cutting off little
pieces with a cheese chunk after chunk
not a bunch at once well it's been about
what ten minutes yeah I'll show it what
we got
I've added a little more milk cuz
Bridget and I everything every time we
get it at the place it's a little more
liquidy so we want to get it more liquid
really good does it taste like
not exactly laka Retta of course you
know they do all kinds of crazy shit
don't know what they do it's very good
though I really like that so now I am
doing my ground beef I really wish I had
a metal masher like shooter had because
I really like some method of like making
the meat really fine and he was just
like mashing it with the mass of the
whole time certainly me
okay why I'm throwing it away dude
Michael hey me the cameraman review the
video I don't like being so paranoid
Bridget you and Dad needed to strike
already we're not doing anything okay
I'm not gonna put up with it I already
told them you know screw this I'm not
helping you you are a lawyer is that
recording type it down Oh trust me no
it's it it's not one cook yet oh you got
me boy that was a good thing now it's my
turn
oh you sprayed me with grease well it's
time for me to settle down watch a
little bit of UFC no more worrying about
pranks from Bridget no more tacos no
more queso just UFC and pickleboy oh god
I don't like you trying to freak me out
yes yeah is it not reporting the frill
hey Bella are you going for in this
fight she don't care who you gonna pour
in the prank war give me your hand
Ichigo for me she is she's going for me
just confirmed it right there
what do you mean ah so are you not on my
side
are you on my side on average why are
you saying nah well that's gonna be it
for today you guys just gonna watch some
UFC maybe after it's over play a little
Witcher for Bridget because she keeps
begging me she keeps telling me not to
watch UFC and don't play The Witcher but
even though I am hooked on The Witcher I
gotta watch UFC and I gotta watch it I
was a little off today I was cracking up
oh my god I'm cracking up get it grip
Michael hey remember that time he went
to Brian's party and you were so drunk
that you like threw up all over Archie I
was funny wasn't it no Eminem lyrics
come on somebody get out of here you
guys thanks for watching your to like
subscribe fist stop it dude
