what's going on you guys I took a bath
today behind the camera I took a bath
today can you believe it
seriously I need your admiration because
I do something that you all do every day
cuz I haven't taken about in two weeks
and today was the day I did it oh how do
I smell like shit
you liar can I smell my hair if y'all
soft it is you so good yeah how soft my
hair is you feel good by the time you
see this the prank war begins video will
have been uploaded I hope you guys
enjoyed it
the video did not turn out how I was
expecting I thought grandpa's gonna be
more pissed off about the Elvis rather
than him flipping it on me and making
this freakin making me look like a fool
cuz I look like a fucking fool in it
regardless the prank war has begun and I
have some good ideas I've got a really
good idea that I plan on doing say no
more
it's weird how beautiful the day becomes
after you've showered like I walked
outta here birds chirping and it's a
good day and it's like the world saying
hey Michael just listen closely you can
hear the birds congratulating me on my
shower no fuck you if nobody got that
joke I was actually pretending that the
bird told me to go fuck myself so anyway
today is Friday since I didn't do a
throwback Thursday story last night I
was gonna do one today and I thought I
would do one on something grandpa
touched on in the video and something
that people in writing me all night to
ask me why does grandpa hate Elvis so
that's what I'm gonna do today I'm gonna
tell you guys why grandpa hates Elvis
because he hates Elvis and that's it man
getting my Friday started throwback
style flashback style flashback Friday
the prank war has begun if you haven't
seen the video check it out go give that
video a like we only exist on YouTube
because of you guys because of your
likes because of your support so thank
you guys so much for all the support you
give us whether you love me whether you
hate me you guys are fucking awesome
either way why are you coming to getting
I saw you getting up for the shot I love
you guys they don't love you but I
love you that's the thing that look like
if you hate Rosella like I really love
you guys you're wearing my Ramon shirt
so what you confused about over there
Bela like what is going on on the TV
Clive - they're both just freaking out
today hey buddy
oh okay you won't play you give it here
no you got something for me lazy I've
been getting a lot of people asking me
to play The Witcher what do I think
about The Witcher have I seen The
Witcher and final acid fuck I gotta see
The Witcher so I downloaded The Witcher
and holy shit The Witcher is fucking
awesome I am a fan of The Witcher I have
played The Witcher I love The Witcher
The Witcher is it with that we like
Sheriff file you've ruined the moment
you have to keep saying The Witcher
that's part of the joke say I am
obsessed with The Witcher I hope says
with The Witcher me and Michael share
the same Witcher file I kind of messed
up there and wait no I am so addicted
Michael please end this short cuz I
really want to play you an end this
moment short yes and this mom is sure
cuz we have to play this game we have to
eat Richard is amazing it's so and I
just beat what was that thing called it
was like a baby thing it was a fucking
like baby monster yeah that was so hard
don't kill the whores won't let me good
fuck you horse you wanna kill it good
not good I want to sell horse me Nate
don't go rob people seriously there was
one town Bridgette I was like midnight I
was going into his house and looting
what everybody was sleeping
what shit dude for real it was like a
kid sleeping and I like looted his bed
friend candlestick of a dude I'm robbing
children so evil seriously though you
see the kids sleeping on his bed hmm we
want taking the shit it was fucked up
that is adorable hey little ghost baby
that's really kid
hey little Marshall let's even go to
space
okay dude I'm loved it does remember
Clyde
that's quite a little baby hmm whoa
you're just sitting here with collage
carry me said he replied oh oh crap is
it gonna bite your face Hey oh it's so
slimy
uh okay Bridget make Christmas Michael
please tell me there's new stuff behind
me yep
wait you can't get nothing though your
birthday's coming up
all right topic no Michael please we're
just please wait you're not being
serious right well I mean if you really
want him to get on I want them today I'm
having a pay-per-view tonight okay you
were gonna get me these yeah I was gonna
get you a few but you're gonna hit me
something Razor Ramon cuz I don't got
that yet okay I'll get you that so this
is sergeant slaughter Doink the Clown
and Hulk Hogan all right
not too shabby today I don't play with
women wrestlers I'm a boy your butt way
push that back shall I get a John Cena
nah I don't know John Cena oh by the way
we're in target this is me thinking
about The Witcher right now me too I
wouldn't let your hand lock my face and
I'm gonna be hmm
seriously how much money we gotta be
here let's just go now let's go check
out right now what if they half the
winter
like we have the video game setup
Michael let's just go home they might
have it's our oh well let me just see
the which is a new game they might have
a setup I want to play The Witcher how
about I go play The Witcher and you
finish all the show like oh it's for
soon the one is terrible
let's just go home and play the butcher
let's get out of here yeah seriously I
really want to play by Target I'm gonna
play witch's leave the buggy oh my god
leave me fine
I can't let's get the stuff no leave it
let's go well that's almost it for today
you guys I'm gonna tell a quick story
and get back to the Witcher so I
promised you guys I would tell you why
grandpa hates Elvis and it was touched
on yesterday in my vlog but a lot of
people have been asking me still so
first of all check this out what is your
problem with Elvis oh you idiot now I
ain't gonna do it what the only had
gotta be had videos over to bed so she
would think an Elvis waiting screw there
you go
fuck yo fitty goddamn life no money on
fuck it out water-filled money on Elvis
and you know why people would do that
because he's the king of rock and roll
buddy she's worthy of people's
admiration do to go to her okay - fuckin
- suck it on the toilet so grandpa has
had two ex-wives my mom and another lady
before her and both of those ladies were
obsessed with Elvis I sometimes like to
imagine that before grandpa met either
of his ex-wives he was a young man
sitting in his car listening to Elvis
you know just I'm caught in the trap I
love this motherfucker okay well girl
and then of course he gets his ex-wives
that are so obsessed with Elvis that
they're dying their hair to look like
the guy that he sort of outgrew the guy
and I'm getting blurry so his first
ex-wife would spend all of their money
on Elvis shit just like mom and there
was no eBay at this time I don't know if
she was getting off the black market
or going to Graceland or however she was
getting this shit but she was going and
getting fuckin Elvis scarves that he
wore in concert and ticket stubs and
she'd buy the Elvis outfits and she'd
walk around the house in it and dad
hated
hell
she had a poster of Elvis on the roof
above their bed so when dad be banging
her she'd be looking at Elvis so what a
dad do he took all of her Elvis shit and
he threw it in a barrel fire in the
front yard a few months later dad was on
a bus back to Charleston with a divorce
on his record
I don't know if they're related but he
should have burned that Elvis show maybe
should've cuz I wouldn't exist and then
of course we got mom who would walk
around carrying pictures of Elvis and
cut her hair and diet to look like Elvis
and overall obsessed with Elvis we
celebrate Elvis's birthday every year
she named all of our animals Elvis she
was gonna make my middle name Aaron
like little Joseph
my name's me ah you have a picture of
her pelvis how'd you know about Elvis I
was there the little bird she she named
two Birds Elvis that's right
the bird that you would hear in the old
videos DePauw I think eventually flew
out of the house that bird was named
Elvis I have pictures on my facebook but
then another bird was named Elvis I
assume there's another bird named Elvis
along the way how many times is she
gonna name a bird Elvis we had a cat
named Elvis we had a dog named Elvis she
would name the freakin Alley Cats Elvis
and Aaron and Elvis Presley and Presley
and it's out of control and then people
ask why does grandpa hate Elvis well
because he lived through two ex-wives
that were so obsessed with Elvis that
they didn't give a fuck about him
because he wasn't Elvis don't thing that
Elvis and dad have in common is they
spend a lot of time on the toilet only
one of him died on that I apologize for
being a fence up a little bit of anger
grandpa come over me his dad who died in
the toilet he'll do that every time dad
held Elvis died too or the toilet just
like that how you dick so that's why at
grandpa hate Elvis he had two ex-wives I
had nothing to do with him and a lot to
do with Elvis and then he burned the
first one shit and she threw him out and
the other one just got tired of his shit
and threw him out
that's gonna be it for today you guys ha
that's why grandpa hates Elvis it's an
unfortunate unfortunate life because the
king of rock and roll look at rocks and
he rolls so anyway I want to get out of
here thanks for watching you guys like
subscribe favorite add me and Bridget on
Twitter below she's not here right now
she's sitting over there so she's not
there for the scene but our links are
below like subscribe favorite and that's
it oh I'm cobbles about to copy them
over
