I just woke up it is too early for this
right now
so can I look at you infinite let's get
the topic for Oh
oh my gosh hey we need comfort food that
warning at this place isn't saying it
was from well it's from the company
itself 52-28 consolidated you know so so
so he was pleased to have us chocolate
they didn't I'll take some chocolate I
was just going to feed everybody at the
service maybe that's why I didn't bring
it out everybody gets one and a half
random sizes it's a sharp teeth oh my
gosh Troy are they all different I
wonder so have i unscrew that he's not
nice he's not in it bad I don't know
yeah I probably wouldn't do it I mean
I'll half they would eventually you
don't have to get someone like a parlor
to help me cuz I'm gonna get a tattoo
with dad's ashes in my art are you gonna
give me a fingerprint then we'll have
his ashes is the fingerprint no like
those lines you have anyway yeah we got
grandpa's fingerprints and we're gonna
get them tattooed
well let me down
you want a photo maybe by the coffee
so this is it you know yeah I was
thinking like after Christmas I could
put him on a shelf with other things
we'll see those inside you know a
lifetime yeah yeah reduced to ash hell
of a way to start the log no hate this I
didn't think I was gonna be so sad
I don't know where we should what do you
guys think you should put him
thanks card coins just talk because I
need to put it by the Christmas tree
maybe baby was that Claude he's over
there like wicked Bellamy
almost not let's touch so that what did
that I don't know I thought it was an
animal okay
you wanted by the Christmas tree dad
we'll put some on Christmas Jake frog
right now
no but I feel like that was a sign how
would you feel about moving that little
later sir
see there's enough room no now's a fall
oh gosh I got more careful that I'm
sorry
yeah and now dad that's we're gonna put
you whenever we may be whenever we put
the tree down and stuff in January we'll
find a more permanent yeah cuz I was
totally thinking about the first shelf
with what yes and maybe a couple other
things like a picture I like it so I
don't think we're doing the car today
are we no we were supposed to moved the
55 Chevy you guys but I just was
mentally there yet yes do it so we're
gonna part do it tomorrow but grandpa's
home yeah by the way that's so people
know that's not the only earn what we
did is uh we asked everybody what they
wanted we asked Jennifer what she wanted
she wanted like a harp with some ashes
in it Lauren also wanted a heart with
some ashes in it and meet Kim and
Charles got a regular-size are like that
so he's in about five or five yeah 5
different urns right now that was sad I
was I was like confident okay I'm not
gonna cry this is life from now on man
at least for me randomly crying yeah he
comes in waves sucks love you dad
I'll be honest you'd like I feel lost
we've got a lot to do right now what do
I log
I mean you could blog this cooking
chicken tenders yeah I'm already halfway
done I love chicken tenders I'm sure
everyone else does too
okay let me catch everybody up we'll
click what's completely won here I guess
this right here it's gonna left these
spices it's a bit symphysis it like the
flour sections you add a little water to
it you soak your chicken and I like that
now I'm taking it from there to a flour
mixture this is flour salt pepper
paprika and some garlic then after that
we're gonna really squeeze it but I
really embrace this real quick good
night yeah like I was like okay so check
this out you want to really squeeze it
in there cuz you really want these like
little chunks of like chicken like that
exactly look at this the most important
step spit it there and don't touch it
it's going to want to sit there and like
sit on the plate and stick to it now
probably is how but take some of these
out actually Oh a little wing it does
love it all right
take these out they can take one of
these dry ones out now put it in nice
house one thing Bridget none of us know
how to make this fried chicken we'll
have to learn I don't know how to do it
dad made some good fried chicken
I think your chicken is really good hey
coz is I mean you know how to do tenders
now this is not your first through when
we made those baked wings those are
really good
mostly I can't cook is just some
something his pot roast I know I can't
use water I have to learn
anyway we're cooking right now you guys
chicken tenders french fries a cover the
lens but yeah really not a good idea
we'll be right back you're filming stop
stop Hey
I swear to god I'll trash it oh my god
Brendan wants some of hers tossed in
some sort of buffalo sauce oh yeah very
much Steve for life's good no life sucks
ready yep oh my god dude right here we
got a plate of chicken dinners on french
fries with a little bit of this Ken's
honey mustard this is the best honey
mustard no they did not pay me to say
that I wish they would here we go time
to try chicken tender and honey mustard
we go focus dinnertime so good dad I
wish I had your chicken tender recipe
please give it to me in a dream
but this'll do getting out of here in
just a second you guys dinner was my
hair is not that my hair looks awful
right now I ought to cut it guys before
we do the outro I wanted to take a
moment to talk about the King star vlogs
because I was going through the like all
the files that I had on my computer
tonight and I noticed that there's a lot
of files from when me and
and aim drops and keemstar all hung out
that I didn't use
for instance when keemstar had a bunch
of fans waiting for him outside of the I
can't talk please excuse me
with keemstar had a bunch of fans
waiting for him outside the movie
theater a big fuck Jake Paul chant
started check this out now in that
footage I happen to find a clip of
keemstar pranking one of his own fans
and if you guys want to see that video
smack the like button keemstar pranked
his fans it was a whole thing he made up
this prank or like he told the fan that
he was doing a new YouTube read show
about hunting down Jake Paul and every
one of us were involved cuz if you want
to see it smack the like button it's
pretty hysterical guys it's time for us
to do this Alex Rowe who was not ready
for today was not ready to get the urn I
just been sort of like staring at it all
day like it's just there and I don't
know how to deal love you dad anyway
guys altro time love you let's do this
well that's gonna be a fitter day you
guys thanks for watching had a pretty
good day it's been a pretty good day
guys it's been one of those things were
day by day we gotta take it and
everybody says every day it's gonna get
a little easier and that's a lie every
day it has not gotten easier every day
it's just been equally as painful as it
was the day before but I'm trying I'm
trying to stumble my way through this
unscathed I guess you could say but it's
not happening this is just like
seriously painful it is but anyway I
keep finding myself like thinking about
like two months ago I know like how he
was fine yeah like how he was fine and
it just I I do that doesn't seem right
two months ago he was fine
we were having our birthday dinner and
everything seemed okay and then two
months later he's gone and this has just
turns my stomach I can't even begin to
process the idea of what that is but
anyway guys I love you so much because
so many of you have been here through
this whole process for us and giving me
advice and I'm turning to a lot that you
on Twitter for advice because this is
still so new and painful to me and I
don't know how I'm gonna deal with it
but guys thanks for watching I love you
guys so much I think tomorrow we're
gonna go get the car the 55 Chevy and
I'm not ready for that I'm not I'm not
either it okay let's just end this vlog
I'm done guys I love you so much like
subscribe favorite on everything but to
us and that's it I love you guys
you
