what's going on you guys to be on a
camera here yeah and today is Thursday
and number one I am on my way to
grandpa's house right now with what's
the word he oh he's offering I didn't
know the workers I've never used it
before so I'm offering grandpa a peace
offering today I told my sweet God stop
by I'd have a present for him
he just doesn't know what it is so about
a month ago Bridget and I went to the
flea market and while we were there we
saw somebody had put these Elvis pieces
together from a puzzle and they glued it
onto a piece of cardboard and they had
it for sale for like a buck and I
decided why not frame them and give them
to dad now I bought two of them one of
them I gave to John Hensley shooters
manager the day of the cook-off so the
first thing that I did was I framed it
in a cheap frame cuz I know dad's
probably gonna try to break it or
something or throw it and I don't want
to get cut today I ain't interested
being cut I'm not either man so I've got
it in a cheap frame and I'm gonna
present grandpa with his present the
Elvis picture hope you enjoy it dad
hope you like your little peace offering
this is just a warning shot you
ungrateful son of a bitch hey get your
fucking present back outta here the
motherfucker okay what you gonna do you
cook here
thank God I put it in a friendly pit if
it was class we woulda cut ourselves out
of coach you it once you put a poll by
together man
where'd you give something from anyway
flea market dollar and tell about what
you think of me anyway $13 all right put
it back together I put a gallon for the
goddamn track you like all music whoo
okay you're not with mom anymore what's
your grade without you know you enough i
won
Elvis what is your problem with Elvis I
thought you idiot
now you're gonna do it what
the only had a guide we had videos over
to vid so she would think an L was
waiting screw there you go fuck yo fitty
goddamn light bill money on fuck it out
water good money on Ellen and you know
why people would do that because he's
the king of rock and roll buddy shit
guys worthy of people's admiration good
idea girl hey the fucking guys suck it
all the time so my to understand that
you don't want the present yeah I like
did I fuck up or was that just a joke
and I got the real present my pocket
your give you ready for the real present
I know out of y'all just you no more oh
come on here some real present hold on
huh oh you did dad do you fuck me
you broke the present game no you just
told me fuck you dad
whatever wash my hands of it
yeah watch you got you need to watch
risk you goddamn body's good bye
first things first why don't you want to
see you on birthday what are you doing
you got it
hey Michael I just recorded that I just
be raised that a video of the camera you
think you got something guess what
bye Michael you recording us talking
tape but I delete it
alright thank God
Hey what what is all this fire shit I
don't know no I told you don't come back
out if you don't have an answer I don't
fucking know deal let's just go home I
don't freaking know either you were
warning me on Twitter I haven't
listening and now I feel like I should
listen to it now if it's a prank it's
one thing but I need to know if he's
mean for real or not I really don't know
there's not even time stop filming me I
just have to tell you something yes I
don't know what he's up to but I'm not a
part of it yes you are no I'm not
Michael pinkie swear right now you swear
that you're not part of this I'm not
okay well then we need to figure out
what it did am scotty good let me tell
you something if you borrowed my TV you
burned my ps4 I promise to God every
fucking windows will be bashed out in
your van your tires are gonna be popped
your fucking vinyl sidings ripped off
the trailer whatever I got a do you burn
something to mine and I burn your ass
yeah oh my god
let's just go oh what's this what it do
- shovel shovel what's this about baby's
gardening or are you trying to fucking
bury me alive why would he do that I'm
sure your dad's a good Danny where's the
fire have to do with being buried alive
no no not yet not yet I want to confront
dad what found it finds a little shovel
yeah I get it all right now I'm glad you
didn't let me do it apparently there's
no way I can this little shovel and dig
a hole in this yard oh you thought about
it huh yeah he's fucking crazy
shallow you're crazy a problem is about
Devon shallow grave you've damned belly
this much of your belly be sticking out
the dam nobody's killing anyone this is
on film okay look you're flipping it we
are on fit oh yeah yeah what the hell is
your problem it's me I'm talking about
the shallow
you're nuts sharp yeah it's real sharp
you've been real almond is right now I
don't like it
hey no one here no fire song I hang
around I don't get the shit off are you
going yeah good holy shit mother fucking
assholes
so I was sitting here going over the
footage that I got while I was at
Grandpa's house looking at the video we
filmed for the prank and I caught
Brigitte and grandpa talking about me
when I left the room because they didn't
know that the camera was still recording
they're in on it they're pranking me I
got proof and I'm confronting Brigitte
about it right now that seemed very
wrestling like right now but I am right
now we have to talk
what do you think what is tweet what
your phone flipped I don't care about
that tweet I gotta talk to you right now
and I'm not kidding I knew you pinky
promise to lawyer what yeah oh yeah you
know I know now can I post this yeah
close the damn tweet you pinky promised
me that you weren't pranking me with
that nobody's fuckin pranking Mike oh no
oh okay
really yeah I can see you know what I
got what oh do you tell me no you're
just making pretty father
I gotta verify this
ah you just wait for you we gotta make
sure evilly call the cops now because
let me talk goddamn they don't use their
voice Bob this shit is just price
Michael I can explain dan you busted we
were talking about you Oh what the heck
is that really you believe that yes so
care to explain
that's the Oh God
oh you floozy loving on me give me a hug
is gonna get me to you what's the prank
I don't know dude I'm scared of the
prank I need to know what it is I don't
know what it is I caught all this while
I was recording the other video if the
video changed while I was editing it I
didn't even realize what was happening
I'm gonna freakin Felmy dude I didn't
know was told me to Saturday I was
pissed
okay the video was now changed I was
gonna call a pickle boys peace offering
when I give dad the present and now I
don't know what the hell to call it
because it's a different video I feel
like I'm being pranked when I don't even
know nobody's pranking you I'm not
putting up this video is going up
tomorrow 6 p.m. Eastern Time angry
grandpa show channel check it out I'm
being pranked I don't know when it's
coming but I'm not my now prepared no
it's not happening
so you guys that conversation didn't
happen
that was it me guys click the like
button
show me a hardcore prank Bridget wait
let's seriously hardcore prank him I'm
serious oh I see through her now do you
know I see she's dr. home life is
ruinous oh my god I got I just realized
what she does yeah it started to unravel
right before your eyes
Bridget plays both sides she's a double
agent no I'm not I'm yours
I wasn't really gonna do it
oh my god I just realized this what she
does she'll say let's prank cam and I'll
forget I'm mad at her no let's prank him
seriously wait like what Bella Mama's
gonna prank me and now mean we're gonna
text him a prank ain't regretful X or Y
a ton of my girl against me ready to
bail whoa that's gonna be it for today
you guys thanks for watching the dogs
are freaking out in front me that's what
all that noise is
I'm hope we're coming for you getting
print yeah you getting pranked that's
gonna be it for today you do it I
thought of the best thing what get a on
camera ok back to home that's gonna be
it for today you guys I like it
like subscribe favorite add us on
Twitter below Bridget west piccalilli
either local rap
it's just frigid less Instagram and then
there's my facebook to like subscribe
favorite that's it
