what's going on you guys Kim you have a
camera here yeah I'm mad at bridges she
woke me up at like 7:00 you think I like
waking up this early I do not think so
kisses are over
so it's morning time why don't why
dredge get that's really for on dude
play game what that's this game I'm
really scared right now I need okay I
really need help you're playing dying
lying you need to wake me up for yes I'm
really scared to play whenever it's dark
in the game so wait please
this is why you won't be up dude yes I
want to sleep on like four so so you
just sitting in the water until
nightfall hands yes hable just leave
budget hmm I'm really annoyed today
felix has a vet appointment I'm not
going to now by the way um this is the
dumbest thing ever
first of all this is my game how come
you shot your own thing this is where I
am on the game so you just aren't
playing 9 you didn't blow up the bill
you did it
I'm sorry
feeling too sorry buddy we gotta take
you to the vet buddy is there shoeless
so Felix is freaking I'm sorry buddy you
have to go to the vet though
so we're taking Felix to the vet right
now he's like you were not talking over
me so mad I can't happy looks in the car
cuz we will die he'll cause up I'm sorry
buddy you gotta go to the vet though so
a few minutes ago Bridgette was putting
Felix into the car and he sprayed her
he's sprayed on me dude so I had to
bring a freaking cleaning right he stuck
his ass against the cage and sprayed
piss all over Bridgette
because he was afraid I mean I'm sorry
Felix come on feel like aim him directly
at my oh my god your phone I'm on
Twitter gonna talk okay why is that
waiter the voice for something knowing
sorry what that little video games last
night don't do that so funny is also bad
for him should be what around should we
let him out no dude he be right up the
walls and stuff it's too if he's up
there though dawg well let the vet deal
with all that stuff yeah so here's what
happened Bridgette was putting Felix in
the cage originally I wasn't going oh so
she had him in the cage and she had him
where I was sitting in the front seat
and all of a sudden she sees an ass get
pressed up in decision it's right over
some mean Felix was very very word you
got sprayed
I was sprayed so he just can't go Felix
out he is 15 pounds dude we also do
they're also bringing something to bathe
them with cuz you peed again this time
now it's all over the body
buddy well over its faithless about me
too
so the reason we're here we're going to
give them some shots they're gonna do
some tests on him see how he's doing and
we're gonna check on with Evie yeah
hello care he's so fun to have I'm so
happy to have born hmm we got there hey
hey wait a little trailer on the cage
with his dog food he's rubbing his face
against it all right so we're cleaning
out his cage so when he goes home he
wants to sit in his own pee I was
getting it back right now this place is
awesome things are looking up Felix oh
well we are back from Felix's little
appointment
the humidity is starting to get to us
here my glasses are fogging up the
camera lens will start fogging up if you
don't recall how it used to be last
summer when I would have to keep so the
other day when I was going through
grandpa's camera getting the video from
the cook-off and Burgess angle and also
getting the video where Grandpa freaked
out on me at the poor house I noticed
grandpa had other little videos that he
recorded while he was there so check
this out
this is I'm a grandpa's poor house
footage a GP Here I am at a place called
the poor house this one James Island it
is awesome check out some of his artwork
they have a Bandstand on the inside as
well as they got one on the outside it
is fucking awesome there's a little
known treasure in Charleston oh you know
is here but being the shooter is playing
we decided we've tried out
that's some kind of Indian shit up thing
this place has more
a little is a dozen chart
you fucking jung and jung-im watch this
shit and don't forget shooter journeys
and I are having to cook off tomorrow
morning at my house I will kick his ass
I am going to confess sauce gravy that
he ever thought about making and shooter
who can gave that to the bank
I'm damn scared of snake mess he's got
Adobe Reader let's eat
I forgot to walk
videos what you guys say speak your
parent right now yeah Bridget Lunas big
old moth oh my god would you be scared
if I grabbed it that's on the I thought
there would you be scared if I grabbed
it and put it on you harborage I'm gonna
put it on you no don't worry about it
it's not gonna hurt well Bridget signing
out find that everything don't even do
it though oh yeah do it don't do it
I sometimes upload things the other day
I cut out of the vlog a scene where
grandpa set his table on fire if you
want to see it tweet is below follow me
on Twitter and you get more exclusives
just like that oh yeah you have any
exclusive to offer but I will tomorrow
czg I scared her well that's gonna be a
fillet you guys Bridget's asleep so it's
just me which means I don't have to put
her Twitter on here so just follow me
below so that's it thanks for watching
you guys I love you can hear with those
little dread behind me and it is driving
me crazy
click like if you want me to start
pranking the angry grandpa again and I
will prank him maybe even as soon as
tomorrow after all he is expecting a
present from me as a peace offering so
thanks for watching you guys
like subscribe favorite and that's it
