what's going on you guys keep me I leave
it on the camera for you other boys huh
let me do it been like this as I got
here oh let me do it you wanted that you
a black cup cocoa topping come on fight
it let me get it with you yeah your hope
avoid I Love You Man it's worth god I do
what's going on nothing man you're my
son bi I love you come on make I get you
anything
I'm so glad you come to eat with me
today why are you i'm jordi so i'm
invited today oh yeah you always invited
my house son show me your tattoo you're
in good spirits limo yeah I'm proud up
motherfucker we're good man oh my god oh
my god I didn't know but dad's balls was
just in my face about this part
oh my god
oh yeah gorgeously laughing yeah I can
rewatch it oh well let's just say your
balls that was put right yeah I'm
fucking barely that was you have that
Dania what would you make food for us
yeah grandpa made dinner today I'm at a
big baked macaroni and cheese and you
made why request it didn't you
what chicken pot pie this is what I
asked for a couple weeks ago about a
month ago
no oh dude it looks good I'll jet but I
make a plate in a minute I'm gonna put
this in here
I heard dad laugh over there should I
not eat this no man is good are you sure
oh yeah press remove the macaroni mmm
yeah oh my god you just made my plate
thing look at this I'm taking some home
but taste dad's chicken pot pie
whoa.good yeah
damn we won right one what leave on lose
the battle between me and you how we
need each other by one we just go
calling truce nobody won take this piece
of cake is piece like that leave I got
here no Jocko and why I gave way I'm
gonna accept with that so I'm sorry
things got so ugly between us wait about
that yeah peace what give me all good
good good and you came well the war is
over we won yeah it's all I mean let's
be honest I know you're gonna prank me
but what would I do that
look I'm okay with it but here's the
deal let me keep it a friendly Frank
while I'm fine with it cuz I'm still
gonna prank you you are you're gonna
prank me no not this cake is delicious
then this cake good yours that flavor
not if you don't gotta figure out what
ice cream boy whoa what's that what on
that ice cream cake whatever she is her
name then yeah what the hey you equal to
that oh well maybe that's why you being
so nice there you go
well good Sunday yet is a good a little
dinner watch our walk away from your
phones on to you I knew something up
ain't it up
I had a good day we could I bet guy
alright
oh god get past this do as your friends
again yes yeah we all right prank war
though we'll see you ready call the real
war I can tell nah man we're trying to
call the real war
Frank nah man I ain't calling no war no
war wars over a little prank
exchange porzel don't try to prank me
are you going to I'll bring I'll bring
you a peace offering in a few days I
will see so I'm at grandpa's we just had
Sunday dinner and I guess I'm gonna get
out of here no no oh won't you stay a
while
you got a come on man spend time with
your dad but you got about next hour
don't you yeah yeah I don't want to
leave today you usually try to throw me
out no I don't want throw you out mmm I
love you all wait to stay I'll stay
all right that's good boy and you feel
more you more like what you feel all you
want yeah do you mean you gotta go I'll
say like another angler I want to watch
TV with me for a while what are you a
woods would you go bit of your mom and
leave Michael me for a while me him what
CD my mom's not here
all right you gotta go then come and see
me real food so Bridget couldn't stay
yeah why don't you want me to stay a
little father-son time doesn't want you
to spill the prank that you guys are
planning on the other prank coming well
thanks for the no problems I love you I
hate you pop I think I know Bob birds
have a nice afternoon why prison what do
you think nothing whatever you do for
the prank make sure I ain't go pray
man's to loving father-son shit is this
the pram no that's not Frank we all have
enough bitch day going home like I want
y'all getting a reckoner all right pop
love you love you too bye Bridget G's in
my breaks so my dad's not gonna kill us
I'm gonna kill you while I'm leavin
dad's house right now and he was being
unusually nice which tells me he and
Bridget plan to strike soon I'm not
planning nothing say what you want I was
gonna say is I think he wanted me to go
to my mom's because he wants to talk to
you into pranking me and that's why I
stayed
possibly
yeah okay so we are now on our way home
I'm on your side and we need to prank
him you think I'm stupid and insults me
so we both know you're in on his prey
I'll go get look at you God I know you
are you're not you're making me laugh
though
so make sure he doesn't hurt me
physically what's just happening
I told you I changed oh yeah hey there
Belle you looking comfortable oh hey you
miss us while we're gone you think so
comfortable up here fellas just chilling
right there if you're wondering where
they shaved her leg to put a catheter in
when she got her last chemo treatment he
Delroy Bouguereau
you always give the camera high-five
yeah just sitting here with Bella
Bella's getting up hey Belle you wanna
say hello to everybody is that you
saying hello say hello well that's gonna
be it for today you guys I'm finishing
the vlog and it's still daylight outside
that's the benefit of vlogging in the
summertime it could be eight o'clock and
still daylight now although it's
actually like 6:00 but anyway that's
gonna be it for today you guys what time
is it
6:20 had a relatively good day with
angry grandpa that was bizarre he's
planning a prank with Bridget here no
Michael I'm not going to do that to you
oh really
ah don't worry I'm okay with you
pranking me Bridget just know you're
getting pranked - I'm not gonna prank
you because I don't want to frame okay
well you are getting pranked no I got
smack that like button if you want to
see Bridget get pranked anyway I'm gonna
get out of here thanks for watching you
guys had a great day with angry grandpa
as suspicious as I am of his motives I
don't know that I trust him if you want
to reach out to us hit us up on Twitter
this one's more important no this one is
way me it's all about me
me it is mine is way more important no I
said it's all about me you said trust me
it is I agree with now no is all on me
though and that's gonna be it thanks for
watching you guys like subscribe follow
everything favorite and that's it I'm
more important though
