what's going on you guys kid behind the
camera here and today is Saturday and
first things first yesterday I uploaded
this and then I uploaded this which
meant I couldn't upload this hey grandpa
I'm sure you're gonna ridiculed name for
this but where would be a medium on the
stove be 250 oh I don't use these I have
a stove the works I've had some people
writing me on Twitter saying that
they're pissed off that one I'm holding
the video and to that I've spoiled the
ending and everybody saw the shooter
Jennings won the cook-off so first if I
did happen to spoil the ending for you
and you got upset my apologies I should
have added spoiler alert
second the reason that I didn't want to
upload the video yes because I don't
want to over populate my channel I don't
want to upload two videos in one day or
you know one video right after the other
one on the angry grandpa show' channel
even though the guy gets pissed off
enough then somebody said that they
don't even want to see the video now
that I've spoiled it so now I'm gonna
ask you guys do you want to see the
video click like if you want to see the
shooter Jennings angry grandpa sausage
gravy cook-off whether or not you know
who wins or not because there's a reason
you want I paid off the judges so if you
want to see it click the like button and
I will upload it tomorrow or the next
day and that's pretty much it I just
wanted to see do you guys want to see
the cook-off still and if you do let me
know and that's it that's the end of the
video thanks for watching you guys
like I got a nerd block to open today
that's it actually that's scary that's
all I'm gonna do probably need a bowl of
cereal and then wash the dogs and then
watch TV and chill it's Saturday
shirt aside okay first things first
video games live level 4 arcade block
addition they it's a CD of video game
songs oh it was pretty cute so it's got
on there
Donkey Kong Country League of Legends
Final Fantasy 1 Warcraft Resident Evil
so hmm music skylanders spyros
adventures
that's really adorable I like that it's
cute it is cute oh you I want it I
really want that nice pants so magazine
I don't I don't know what kind a gazebo
is but it's got Mortal Kombat on the
cover so some sort of videogame magazine
this is pac-man salt and pepper shakers
oh my god let's use those now that's
amazing so we got pac-man salt and
pepper shakers what do you say we use
one Bridget yes like now oh my god oh
that is so neat fill this bad boy yeah
was solved Oh Sodor
that sound is Bella drinking water she's
thirsty decorations
pac-man salt and pepper shakers and
you're so vish it's a video game
keychain oh and the last thing is our
shirt so no idea what game this is what
reference it holds I'm sure I'll do you
may it looks familiar
I know come on
you know what the shortest one okay the
magic trick
ladies and gentlemen it's gone cuz I'm
not wearing it cuz I don't know what it
is did Elena like handle they bought it
that RIS I can either look get it we are
giving a little bubble gun together Oh
excited play with the dogs
a little doggies will chase some bubbles
don't wanna do what you do so in love
with you sing the country are you
singing it to me
yes just keeps getting better
I wonder the shooter jinuk sponsor now
I'm a country freak I don't know how you
do what you do so in love with you
so you single fuck is amusing us a fan
boy
forget you doggies you ain't gettin our
bubbles today it's a hon here though
so this face bubblicious okay so I guess
we do that don't do it in here and my
cooks crazy all right let's see if Jason
can have more bubbly personality all
right I'm just thinking stick to one of
the eye holes I don't think he's meant
to have a good personality
no he's too sweet to be Jason all right
Jason bells again for yard
again serious face all right save the
family from the bubbles was it good
Bridget I'm catching orbs all over the
yard
behind me try that somebody else I'm
filming a thumbnail thumbnail time more
bubbles Bridget I got none there I am
looking at another planet I think I need
the fireworks to cheer me up
I don't have any fireworks
so that was an unused clip for my 4th of
July party last year I had to pretend
like I had fireworks for the vlog it's
embarrassing just pretend like that was
now well as you can see we picked up the
pieces to the telescope where did the
telescope go Bridget this is all this
left from grandpa's telescope rampage
telescope I missed you so much
well that's gonna be it for today you
guys uh well that's gonna be well that's
gonna be it for today you guys we didn't
give it keep they were pissed off I am
at you yeah so that's gonna be it for
today you guys what am I talking about
right now I don't even know that's gonna
be it for today you guys I didn't get a
chance to film the dogs taking a bath
because we didn't give him a bath that's
why they get a chance to film it did it
happen the dogs were being stubborn we
started the water and Bella was like
hiding lazy we couldn't they all hide
they're like fuck the water and we can't
find them gave up tomorrow or some day
they get in the bath soon we saw a
little bit of firework display from a
year ago we saw fireworks I sang a
little bit of country music which I know
you guys loved Johnny's daddy was hey
remember to click like if you want to
see the sausage gravy cook-off video
because some people may not want to see
it now that I spoiled the ending so if
you still want to see it click that like
button let me know if you want to see it
and that's gonna be it thanks for
watching you guys thanks for sticking
around like subscribe I was gonna have
like another thought I was like I guess
I'm done like but anyway like subscribe
favorite and that's it
