what's going on you guys kid behind the
camera here and today was the sausage
gravy cook-off as you can see starting
off at nighttime I'm starting off this
video after the fact and the reason why
is because I wanted to take a couple of
minutes here in the beginning of the
video to talk to you guys about a couple
of things number one if you haven't seen
it yet I just put up a video in the main
channel where grandpa tried to throw me
out of the poor house before Shooter
Jennings concert Bridgette dropped me
off and dad tried to throw me out if you
want to see that it's right here this
video is going to consist of the
aftermath a little bit before in the
aftermath of the sausage gravy cook-off
which happened today between grandpa and
shooter but because I just put up a
video on the main channel I have to wait
to upload the sausage gravy cook-off
that's going to be in a couple of days
I'm going to upload it either on the
main channel or here on the kid behind a
camera channel either way that's going
to go up in a couple of days but this is
the aftermath this is also Shooter
Jennings birthday so here in the
beginning of the video you'll see
Shooter Jennings talking to the camera
and it was actually just a ploy to try
to sneak the cake in before he could see
it because we wanted to surprise him
with it
Thank You shooter for coming out and
thank you for letting us celebrate your
birthday with you thanks to John your
manager and Mary and Misty and all you
guys it was seriously a really cool
couple of days even if grandpa tried to
ruin it thank you to all you guys for
checking out the video and all the
continued support so anyway let's get
this video started you don't hear from
me anymore you want to watch the video
and I get that so let's get it started
and happy birthday shooter had birthdays
shooter you had to get the last word hi
Berta sure Jennings
okay so I'm just gonna give a talk what
are we doing today well today last time
I was here at anchor grandpa's house I
was a little nervous I'd never met these
guys before came in here and witness
what a you know cry-baby he is and
everything
and so I am here to finally do the
sausage gravy cook-off where I'm going
to show a caveman a little bit of grace
how to make fucking gourmet southern
sausage gravy and biscuits and he is
gonna lose heat that's the only food on
it he's definitely gonna lose he doesn't
try must today's the day he decides he
has to try well you know what he does
act he does move his game up a little
bit when I'm around but I think that he
honestly thinks he's got it made already
and that's where his first big mistake
was whoever wins this is gonna get
confetti and we're gonna test this out
to make sure nothing goes wrong
ready New York oh yeah it's going out
perfect that's awesome
and scared me Bridget it's dead ha stop
yeah I was I'm not doing it blows like a
freaking hole in the window and she
turns like everyone celebrate like
screams like instantly I really like
that yeah me too this is not aiming
anybody's face because something flies
out of that mode oh my god I was really
cool I really like that we beat Joe
cheat nobody did it he can make gravy
better yeah you lost the gravy
competition dude even if I did grease
some palms so what I've got to do gotta
hurry up say congratulations dad we got
this you were gonna put away the candles
I'm ordering Chinese you're gonna bring
this do it why it's fuckin birthday
coming up bring the table off first nice
candle
you got some extra glasses yeah Waimea
the ones that he broke for the ones my
wife gave oh yeah other if you need
those back thank you thank you my guitar
last time this this time and you know
what he's like the Howard Stern of John
Coffey share with her so he doesn't hate
us when he's gone I will cuz we like how
cheater I know but crushin I get it
crushing the glasses babe thanks for the
present
it's not cool yeah that was not cool so
dad as you can hear me I see you out
your door so I know you can hear me grow
up motherfucker here's a shot of
shooters award yeah right another night
that is going in the hallway when you
walk in my house right immediately the
first thing you're going to see is this
and her velvet Willie very seriously
it's a model real on an award we always
make it up some of his shit in there and
it was just hard and it turn to goof
around NASA yeah what donkey shit you
know his gravy was awful I don't know
what's what come on baby I mean I do
understand what you gotta have something
I guess you're jumping you could all
this shit to her did so you know if I
cooked it it might have been just a tad
bit not as good oh my god real close
thank you yeah so Chinese feast after
the cook-off we didn't fill up a knock
on the sausage Fabio biscuits I'm
getting a plane I hope laughing dad I
got this for you strictly because I
needed oh no who liked it you wanted
mushroom yeah me like that
man let's do it come on yeah thank you
for having us here man coming thanks for
kicking dad's ass RRR RRR RRR
keep your fucking hands all right
fucking long alright cooter birthday
happy birthday to you happy birthday to
you happy birthday dear sir happy
birthday to you thank you
oh you counted out a hot that's how he
wins me over after the big spats yeah it
freaks out anything thank you so much in
the days I spent is it about your
Valentine candy and fuck the SK you
wanna screw me on video candy man god
man I got I got I got Chinese food and
there's a cake I got everybody can
totally shitty that I am 36 yeah
36 that's a lot of candles and that's we
we wouldn't even light them all
we're like you know what we're trying to
light yeah we already hmm 46 thank you
so much
yeah man other place I would rather be
than with those people in that camera on
my birthday right now I thought about us
in this trailer it was cool when I won
the competition it was bad angry
we're not only winning a competition for
no one
well I did one yeah but uh thank you so
much thank you I love you honey I love
you so much
dear darling wife Oh shooter is leaving
right now
we're all saying goodbye right back
well sure thanks for the cook-off thanks
for being here thank you for being my
friend good you know you know it was a
good
I get why you tolerate him I'll tell ya
his was good but my mother alien three
servings exactly yeah if I have if I ate
that whole thing I would be dead today
did you eat any we're gonna have
diarrhea for the next three rows they
had some emotive 80th Street going in
and that's just from his oh wait you got
something to cover give him some come
back wait only but you're the fattest
bitch I've ever met shooter I think he's
putting that I'll give a fuck I'm the
fattest bitch I'm the fat of bitches
ever met well I'm a badass bitch she's
ever met have you got good hair Marty I
know do all you holy shit I'm gonna say
that motherfucker forever
ha ha make it a super busy eats dinner
off of it maybe we will come to you in
the show when you connect sorry um dad
no freaking out on in the FATA yeah I'm
sorry about that shooter what freaking
out on you I'm sorry I'll freaking out
on you doing at the end of the day man
bitch I love you I love you too man I
think you're insane I think you treat
your family like shit but yeah that's a
good thing
family is unimportant to him no you know
nobody no bodyguards you don't eat shit
I don't need to go stay in LA for just a
weekend I agree I'll click like oh I
think grandpa's should travel to LA to
see shooter yeah hang out with some
friends of mine and do it see what oh
it's in Maryland man yeah we do mail
mail will get real dude if you can meet
Marilyn man to be the greatest let's get
a let's go to the nicest restaurants and
hotels and have them review them dude
that would be so out of place that would
be he's getting kicked an ass
before they go we can advertise it you
got a song on iTunes coming out very
soon yeah bitch we got a song on iTunes
coming up she will have already bought
and a seven-inch right oh oh a 7-inch
record yeah it'll be like Black Friday
now y'all had met Keith yeah so you know
when you see her on the video that's
Tina Tina festoon where's your show at
Asheville and you make it a theatre yeah
I hope we can get oh man
seriously though all seriousness you
both made very good gravy yeah it was it
was very very married what I think if I
had to personally judge that I would
have given it to you because you had
that bacon crumbled over the top of it
me too nice touch it was good shooters
was very classic yours was I guess you
were going against the grain because he
was going so classic you went different
Hey he won he's baking buries like
that's awesome it was very good well
good job dad had a good day yeah I'm
going in by going and you don't throw me
out I'm leaving you get the fuck out
