what's going on you guys kid behind a
camera here bridge was not here and
today is Thursday I didn't do a vlog
yesterday so I was a little confused
well which day it was but today is no
it's Wednesday I don't know
Thursday sorry and today is the Shooter
Jennings concert at the poorhouse pou
our house we're going out to see shooter
today dad doesn't know I'm coming he
just tweeted uh yeah right that hold on
going to see shooter soon Mike and keep
his ass home yeah okay sorry I had to
paste on my mouth that's right
I brush my teeth shooter invited me dad
John invited me Mary invited me all the
shooters people invited me so I'm gonna
be there man
deal with it yesterday I didn't put up a
vlog I had a lot of stuff going on I was
working I was preparing for the shooter
thing I was working on the Mac a whole
lot of stuff going on yesterday so I
didn't have the time to make a video but
here I am again today and that's it man
just getting on Thursday started no
throwback Thursday story tonight so I'll
do it tomorrow for flashback Friday so
we good now don't reason I'm not being
don't worry Zambia Sydney is because
John thank you John and and shooter
asked me to to show them respect
okay you need to buy you showing you a
goddamn thing
so Bess let me do is just show me some
more say we do is not sad I'm sorry damn
wordy okay I'm sorry
he'll be good now John all right thank
you
just play cool okay cool we're fish like
that here you like why you next see they
don't say we have an anger problem
yeah you next too much aggression really
see John this when I say he's like a
piece of crap that's you back to it do
you carry weight Irene or appreciate you
follow me here I didn't follow you
Brigitte drop me off where is she anyway
he's gone here she left so you have to
take me help me oh my god I love goddamn
protects cat does it like a damn tax cap
yeah I see you on TV so what
so I just showed up to the poorhouse to
see shooter I was invited first of all
yeah I'm gonna tutors but about me
biting you here too
that's right
so dad sort of flipped out a minute ago
because I was invited and that's why I
came outside because I got a I got
thrown out thank you very much and now
I'm out here pest you even more but
shooters threw me out I wouldn't say he
threw you out necessarily so anyway did
he invite you to leave
yeah threw me out so I want to be gonna
be back in good last quarter be out
first well they want to be back in for
you I wouldn't be surprised at this
establishment chooses to for you out she
leaving no I know I can't believe you
barged into my damn parade dude they
invited me but I did I don't care if you
invited me I'm friend thought I wanted
you there I would have invited you to
come and buy them I'm friends with them
too dad and now I'd take you home - yeah
shit you mean you'd ruin my fucking day
you got a chill a little bit
this is my parade this is my day with
shoot early take time you fucking a day
in the life with grandpa shooter not in
the day life would shoot her grandpa
barrel boy let me tell you something
dude he be food yeah dude keep asking
though yeah listen to me you keep
showing up like you showing up like you
did in the damn poorhouse they're gonna
throw your ass out I never been to a
whorehouse poorhouse the place you said
whorehouse whorehouse the place you just
almost got thrown out of I'll get thrown
up sure I'll give a damn and then you'll
miss the shooter shell I've been thrown
out of better play out of here that
better be good I mean you had to ruin it
though all I did was show up you ruined
it and now I'm coming to your lunch
lunch no no you ain't come and leave
with us - are you dudes what we're going
right now and you're coming yes
motherfucking bitch so have you ever
been to Hooters before no well do not be
inappropriate a buddy job I mean the
waitress is only half naked
what come on you don't know what Hooters
Eve I didn't I know about you yes do the
waitresses of the mean yeah all right I
have right either you'll get a date
getting a date you gots teeth in Hooters
Hooters okay
big big kitty women was a little I
Michael you see that freaking big sign
this is Hooters Hooters shrimp burgers
put the wings shrimp burger so what are
you going alright don't you pull out
those two cars coming dude fucking
pussies motherfucker shut up you just
film ass mother fucker
get that motherfucker out of my face
damn it I never put it on which is mind
telling me yeah I tried
yeah I'm not gonna film the waitresses
but it's inappropriate
now
Daniel's right here for mr. new favorite
restaurant my favorite - my new favorite
over here on desk over here seven days a
week all of a sudden ah yeah dad comes
with hat in hand Batman come early
because they're dressed like that I'll
kill them or show the kill
oh no presents first
it works so we got these daytona wings
so a little spicy that hey all those
bison they're good though hi future look
at that alright we are leaving hooters
you still with me come on you're not
over it yet no well you better cuz I'm
going ah yeah dolly that's all
what does have to do with it literally
anything no that's like second fire I
like fire do you like fire Michael fire
I like Burger King
no no real fire all flames I like
looking to fire okay damn they got
fucked up we mean I fucked up man look
at man don't tell me how to fucking
Drive alright I tell you anything I know
Jamie shut him out I just asked a
question Jesus Christ shut the fuck up
do you or you hate me dude fire your ass
fucking stink so you know yeah well
he'll all come out the flames
yeah will you light a fucking light or
next to your ass your whole body will
catch on fire yeah we'll see do you even
know where this place I know the
motherfuckers right here somewhere okay
I just can't I mean looking for like an
hour I don't think you know yeah fuck
you
shooter probably already they are tuning
up and shit again no let him I don't
give a damn you are rude I know what
Rick daddy no you're going from here yes
I know
good kill you
yeah we are the same comments so the ban
should be up there first
oh yeah then I'll bring and your grandpa
he'll he'll do the introduction Joshua
hope you at the bar okay nobody paying
attention
wasthat introduces part of hearing
hi Carl so you're going to interview
shooters can you guys find that yeah for
you guys well I mean we're good for
we're good for now
okay I've been fine I'll be fun yeah oh
well yeah we'll talk about it later
we'll talk about it later
fuck your party
so you give a big hand so y'all know we
cannot go on YouTube and you look up the
end Grampa Joe you gotta fart right here
on this shooter who a year ago we became
friends students got a song coming out
pretty soon that idea on iTunes
I can't ask better Easi James Hillman is
here
Oh
you
ooh
and
so
elidio goes what's going on okay good I
don't know awesome man what's my life my
words or shooters breena's fell in deer
sing night his name is Josh Morningstar
that boys going places in this music
industry a lot that boy had me rolling I
mean he's that damn good all you all
know that denies like the best out of my
life face to shoot early sir and John
what do you want you with your picture
what's going on right now you got your
picture - goddamn back yes sir okay so
hey this is a grandpa he good dude I
promise you hey hey funny the fun is
doing the world right here Thank You Man
yes sir yes sir
so you yoga remember when you got the
way and you got this book oh my god I
can't talk when you got the way more
outlaws and shooter and come on go Sims
you owe me an apology you fat
motherfucker apology yeah an internal
goddamn lies out what do I owe you an
apology
being an asshole you ain't you're acting
like I just did something to you I
thought we had a good night oh yeah real
good Michael
I thoroughly enjoy a shooter I'd hated
your ass but you know what I'm gonna
ride right now
you know what you know nine evidence
that was a how serious shooter was
taking the sausage god Danny though oh
my god so on the way out he was
discussing the rules and the regulations
of the sausage gravy cook-off I was
immediately disqualified as a judge um I
was trying to cheat I let him win and
she's a life with this robot immediately
disqualified he's taking a serious uh
he's coming for blood dad he's coming
for your crown he gave my goddamn he's
getting a sausage gravy crown no he's
not he can lose so you're the king of
sausage Tom the king of soft drink and
that's after I take off going home
