what's going on you guys keep me on a
camera here bridge Wes over there in the
other room today is Tuesday and first
things first if you hadn't seen the vlog
from yesterday click here I've already
forgotten click here I'm hoping that
this is the way yes click there or there
I'd forgotten already
so anyway today's Tuesday yesterday me
and grandpa had our face off we went
face to face with each other setting up
this prank war I don't think he wants to
do the prank war I think he doesn't I
think he's afraid of it well it's not a
real war dad by the way he kept saying
the real war started ain't a real war in
a few minutes we're gonna go pick up
Bela from the doctor she had a chemo
treatment today
so we're gonna pick her up see how she's
doing
hopefully my little squishy babies okay
yes I called her a squishy baby like
that
me too and that's it we're gonna pick up
Belle from treatment that'll be the end
of the vlog okay not only looking fog of
the cameras for John oh but it says is
it was at 99 now a minute ago was a
hundred at the green it's hard to
breathe
oh my girls like a dream sequence look
we're on our way to pick up Bella it's
hot
I miss the incredible schist so I had to
find a gas station and get me this it's
a froster it's good sells this circle-k
we went to a gas station that was over
by trailwood it was good seeing
trailwood again being converted into a
parking lot
good I know he were like let go of it
it's a it's for what the hell is that on
your CV I was a bag what shit out of me
Reagan thing is a blog I'm not gonna
joke good Oh what's he so cute I'm just
letting her run the show the vet said
she's a little drunk a little under
flower oh so we do believe that was her
last chemo treatment yes she's gonna be
seen in one month for a CT scan to make
sure that our cars another blackhawk hmm
where'd you park I'm tired of it Oh God
what's that noise you make the girl go
this
Oh Oh what's so sad so Bella's home and
now we got a little ice pack on her
wrist she got some water so we're gonna
find out sometime next week
if Bella has beaten cancer or not yeah
they thought the vet said she's done
very good they believe it's her last
chemo treatment
oh I hope you feel better baby also and
yes my lips are good in red from that
slush puppy also I'm pretty sure
tomorrow Shooter Jennings gets here yeah
I'm pretty sure tomorrow shooter is
coming down for the cook-off and I'm
pretty sure later on of the week we're
going to the Shooter Jennings concerts
oh thank god dad's talking to me cuz I
wanted to go to all that your Starfucker
and kidding hey wait a minute I said
that about you a shooter you're the
Starfucker shooter bridge also fuck no
yeah yeah you do
yes I do shoot her you she wants you to
shoot her in the mouth oh my god when I
said shoot her in the mouth I met with
coma
so I guess coming soon grandpa versus
shooter the cook-off the sausage gravy
cook-off you excited about that Bell
will that make you excited she was I
don't give a shit about no sausage great
she's some miserable right now what's
going on you guys is bridge West he are
so we all know that grandpa destroyed my
clothes telescope and I don't know about
you but I'm really sick of that man
hurting my man's feelings so I got Mike
a little gift
hey Michael
little gift good end of you okay oh wait
heavy what is this
there's a little message on it happy
early birthday my little man cake yeah
you wrote man cake over ya hear me
little man cake it's a prank
no what is something you really wanted
telescope that ain't that you don't know
that
I pieces for our telescope maybe what
house you be the face what I don't get
it I love it's nice the macbook pro yes
why did you bring up telescopes I want
to trick you I don't know it's nice I
don't use Mac looks move learn you gotta
learn they're the best you know I've had
mine for like three maybe two or three
years and it's still really fast and
you're always complaining about how slow
your laptop oh well
so switch it's not oh yeah it's nice oh
you love it you love it way more in a
telescope I want to telescope you want
this more though I know it I like as
what so I should start trying to learn I
should edit this vlog on this MacBook
yes hmm
that's exciting well thank you you're
welcome I don't get why you made me
think of that telescope oh no I almost
kind of mean right Clyde Clyde agrees oh
shut up Clyde is totally online mrs.
potty think mom's being mean about that
told you
okay have it Clyde wants him know he's
trying to tell you that's the better
thing is it Clyde
so much for prank
cop training it's not real oh it's real
I know I'm actually really sorry jealous
you have one yeah but this one is brand
freaking new it's amazing mine is like
very screen look what I should start
trying to edit vlogs on this thing now
Wow well ladies and gentle if you're
watching this vlog right another thing
that worked and I added it on this this
thing is nice rigid I love thank you
very much you're welcome babe now I
don't know what your prank is there is
no prank don't know what your prank I
swear to God I feel really really bad
well I'm sure I would feel bad pranking
you to know I feel really really bad
that your dad I feel it's consciously
breaking your shit I want you to have
something nice that was as soon as you
gave me a you giving me a new credo just
for dad to break it oh I don't fucking
think so ok so here is the MacBook
Brigitte got me so let's turn it on
I'm just light off
I thought it used to be like a galaxy
now that goes to like this not that I'm
complaining it is cool but I remember I
just murder the galaxy but other way
here it is
so Mac let's find iMovie so I'm
downloading Final Cut Pro for the at or
for the outside for the app for the Mac
it's pretty crazy how these things work
I just you know it's like an app that I
download
well that's gonna be it for today you
guys bridge you got me a MacBook Pro
today uh I edited this vlog on it
hopefully the quality turned out pretty
good
I don't know as of right now I'm still
recording the vlog so it's not edited so
I don't know but hopefully it turned out
good
Bridgette thank you for the Mac look I
loved it although I do know you're
working for Dad
this was good thought out there but
that's gonna be it for today you guys
thanks for watching like subscribe
favorite and that's it my fingers like
broken right there favorite anyway and
that's it
