what's going on you guys get behind a
camera here no Bridget Wes here bridge
was just not here she is off with her
mom that's not true she's over the couch
and she's not saying anything how I
didn't you weren't saying anything bad
book behind the liar here today is
Monday and if you haven't seen the video
from yesterday check it out here Hey
look everybody I'm pointing in the right
direction yesterday was Mother's Day and
I put up a video where I took Bridget's
mom and her grandma out to Hall's Chop
House and then Bridget and I went to the
atmosphere concert at the Music farm it
was a great video it's one of my
favorite vlogs that I've done so if you
haven't seen it it was your name check
it out we did a lot of stuff yesterday
it was so much fun I decided to skip
Sunday dinner with angry grandpa
yesterday because I knew I wouldn't be
invited I know dad I would show up
firk you motherfucker give up my health
you ain't invited said fuck it not going
I blew off Sunday dinner pop how you
liking that so let's get our Monday
started gonna look at the Stars - might
tell us I don't have a telescope and I
don't want to pick up the pieces from
the yard it's still there so it just
finished raining making the backyard
look worse than it actually is
we got grandpa's weapon of choice right
there and we got pieces of my telescope
all over the yard so dad I want to thank
you personally for one doing this to my
telescope and to crushing my dreams
it's really sad I love that telescope I
loved it dude I heard last night there
are pieces of Halley's Comet in the sky
and if that's true I'm furious
my fogged up
the stars were so clear last night
Saturn was out Jupiter was out it was
beautiful and I couldn't even try and
find them I'm furious I need to get
another telescope I'm gonna look around
and see where I can find telescopes from
because I need another telescope now oh
I guess pretty soon we should be picking
this all up
I'm gonna check best buy do we have a
Best Buy
there's rivers revenue the only closest
one I gotta check out Best Buy I gotta
look if Best Buy even tells telescopes
and I gotta wipe this up again you're
out there
I just clean the window today for what
we won we were not saying that no time
matey's you like and I meet him again
meatball we meet again we should have
invited us what does that mean again
this was last night's family dinner yeah
uh old ass meatballs they were oh just
jack bitch okay I think I see what this
is
I get it what you don't want to prank
war I heard about it dad don't want the
prank war not having a prank war oh well
it's not going to be a prank war because
you fire blanks but I don't fire blanks
you touched our prank war and I'll do a
real doesn't be bored what does that
even mean a real war hey you don't frame
so nice all your assault fire fire heard
you were here it again are you guys
friends now or he's trying to get out of
the prank wars what he's doing so first
of all let's take a look at my steak
don't go hurt me what are you talking
about - so are we okay come on look at
my house again no okay they Jesus Christ
stuff look so some people joke about
are you joking no more a prank war isn't
real you don't threaten anybody
it's just Joe I know Brett and I promise
see you see this he's threatening me I'm
not threatening I promise you're
threatening let's go ahead here's what
here's
threat is when I probably ain't go do
something I'm Sam or do a promises
muhfucka what happened okay if you don't
want to prank work because obviously
you're afraid of it if you don't want to
prep don't even I see the smile on your
face that's quick okay if you don't want
a prank war all you gotta do is
apologize no you need to do the apology
look I will apologize for that but I
apologize you gonna apologize to the ps4
the TV
what ps4 that was not very nice we can
end this whole thing here what you think
we can end this whole thing right now no
prank war nothing if you apologize you
know don't play on get busy baby good I
had a polygon if you listen I'm sorry
for the tattoo on your back and I ain't
sorry with a motherfucker so completely
mine
I'm so happy you have that tattoo the
test will give hers I'm sorry for the
tattoo no you're gonna get yours though
I'm gonna steal that yeah I'm with you
what you deserve a prank - I'm on your
side Mike not his no no prank war no no
you have one fine
good night apologize that's fine the
prank wars on no the real war zone
there's no real warts prank war stop
saying that shit burn baby burn
what are you saying if you want a war
we'll give you war right Michael burn
baby burn
why do you keep saying that I just heard
a song like this it sucks let's talk
about the prank shit
all right well I'm here you don't have
change
call me you know I bet they're fuckin
tainted i Benny put X lakhs in it anyway
probably school you don't like this this
is not go this not what you want and you
ready all right let's have the face-off
then well you know like we do a box
thing what's doing good mark
why are you gonna be so cold
the yellow jiggles my face I don't want
to do this dude we're having a good time
today seems like you're most high on
good on it seems like you guys are
friends again
I feel like I'm invited in the house
you're gone
goodbye why did you invite me over here
and then just turn you will know thank
you do you want to work shit out or not
no no no hey work neither do we let's go
my course I want to I think we can work
it out I don't do it again
fuck it Hussein that song it does baby
baby burn
well leaving grandpa's house I don't
know about about all this shit looks
like you guys didn't like you guys your
friends and then I couldn't tell ya I
thought we were friends but then evil
creatures he sent me home with meatballs
look can you see them down there I don't
trust those meatballs come on hey
they're fine
he's trying to scare me and it's not
gonna work he sent me home with
meatballs though he did all this talking
can't have nothing then he stay down
with a plate of meatballs and buns and
cheese so I don't know um whatever
leaving dad's house now at our little
face-off
hopefully now it's more of a friendly
prank war you know what I mean yeah
why are you selecting a nervous I just
don't know I don't think yeah right
Brigitte is now head on grandpa's prank
war well why would you sell me out like
this
what do you mean I can tell what you
reaction you're trying to make like oh
something's up with Grandpa he's on edge
dude he is he just broke your fucking
telescope and then we come over and just
tell me the first prank what what is he
doing to me cuz I know you're I know I'm
on your side Michael I can't be on his
side he's causing too much damage and I
don't like that it's hurting your
feelings
yeah okay
