what's going on you guys keep behind a
camera here bridge Westfair today is
Saturday I'm feeling a lot better today
it's a lot better today for me today
than yesterday was today we're doing a
lot of shit
first we're taking Bridges mom and her
grandmother out for Mother's Day dinner
and a little place called Hall's Chop
House we haven't been there in a few
years my boss took me there are a couple
of years ago back in July oh at 2013
June then we're gonna go see Miss fear
at the Music farm and bridget is totally
not looking forward to that last one
read me my rights I left less one so
we're gonna go see atmosphere tonight
we're going downtown we're going to
halls chop pals we're gonna wrap
Mother's Day gifts we're gonna do a
whole lot of shit let's cut this intro
short let's get it started Saturday long
day feels like what the hell are y'all
doing over here oh is that what you are
and helpers you only want to grab the
wrapping paper so right now we're in the
process of wrapping the Mother's Day
gifts why is that Justin Bieber perfume
oh my god yeah I did what are you
thinking well I got them a purse too
wait I'm going back I'm a bud
displeasure in the back had much day I'm
sorry your mom's card so you originally
what do they say some of those already
in letters is like squiggles what they
said much like a PS and that'll be clear
PS oh my god oh yes we're all dressed up
getting ready to leave I decided to try
to dress a little nicer than I usually
do because willing to talk also I've got
to call it Charles hop house because
we're going to halls chop house and I
don't want to be turned away at the door
because I look like a piece of shit but
I also gotta have a casual outfit when I
go to the atmosphere concert hmm what to
do this is what I went with
boom follow her on everything and do not
know I'm following happy mother's day
ever
Oh Justin Bieber you know he's getting
to be a pretty good email yelling show
you know how much do you hate me today
oh you know wished you were here some
down with use my phone when I'm getting
supper ready for him all you guys talk
to me Lou I wrote you can't read what I
wrote your mom can't read what I wrote
Mother's Day
no not know this part and I wasn't the
PS part came from the heart Cindy if it
doesn't there's a problem along happy
Mother's Day Bridget what I wrote
ICPs something you can't read it either
I don't give y'all get my handwriting
yeah I made a joke sir so we are
downtown smile Bridget
we are downtown Charleston headed to
Paul's Chop House Rock Bridge here it is
Oh
ready oh you guys want to be shot sure
hello so we're at Paul's Chop House
everybody having fun this looks very
good this I'm getting this right here
dry-aged tomahawk bread me too we get
the same thing yes the cameras a little
blurry this French onion soup and then
you got this
I'm gonna dig into the suit it's gonna
shot in this and I go into it it's got
fried onions on the top Bridget are you
ready
yes I'm very hungry
you gotta flex not as
I've got the flexing power you got it
I'll let you flex for me this thing was
obviously prehistoric
this thing is awesome this huge right
just like we gonna feel not occur
so we just made this dessert
go ahead you just cuz I'm recording in
there me can't be
and we do it big
this year
so here we are leaving it balls
Chophouse that was amazing
she like grabbed my arms like yeah she
gripped my arm and squeeze me as hard as
she could so we're going to go to the
atmosphere show next if you ever want to
come to this place it is here on King
Street
here at the Visitor Center in Charleston
right over there they zoom in this is a
slow zoom right over here is the music
farm where we're going we want to go in
yet so we're gonna chill out
I'll let you replace your old shitty
fucking friends without being one of
your new shoes
Brothers
no I'm not I mean this soft look and
much from the bottom of my set I want
you to stop making it for the crazy cat
lady says she's a vixen it's
disrespectful it's hurtful
listen my mom is the crazy Catholic you
can't imagine how much fun
Bell tinkles
as you can see it suddenly got daylight
I don't know where we got home about
three o'clock in the morning I started
editing up the vlog by five o'clock in
the morning it was done it was time to
upload it I started uploading the video
and it was all glitchy and it looked
like crap and I don't know what was
going on so I had to wait until today to
put it up so here it is this is the vlog
I hope you enjoyed it that was the
atmosphere fortunate tour that's why the
title is pickle boy is fortunate um but
I am fortunate I'm very fortunate to
have all you guys and but that's gonna
be it for today you guys thanks for
watching
had a great day yesterday like like I
don't know what I did there was like
like subscribe favorite and that's it
