what's going on you guys kid behind a
camera here grandpa
left the house about 10 minutes ago you
can come out grandpa left the house
about 10 15 minutes ago I'm okay I'm all
right okay I'm okay Bridget yeah I'm
good I'm good
so stop Bridget please I'm already
embarrassed stop dude today is Friday if
you want to do a movie or anything I
love it there's anything out of that I
don't want to see that it's Friday
grandpa just left my house um earlier
today and this is my fault uh earlier
today
grandpa called me and he said he wanted
to come over and talk and once again I
got cocky and I started saying that I
won and all this shit I was posting it
all over Twitter that I was the winner
no how do I win well I think he got real
nominees on the camera what if I won
this holy Sh over my prize no I just
think if there was no camera things
would have gone smoothly this is my
prize you're right yeah you did okay but
it was my idea to pull the camera so I
lost I made myself lose do I need to
hear that right now if you haven't seen
the video click here
the little ball grandpa came over here
and he went apeshit this okay people
were telling me Oh guard your TV and hey
there was a period he was coming for the
TV god dude if you would have stored the
TV would have got into a fuckin
fistfight no I would have called the
cops put on my shoes so let's get out
here and see what we're dealing with I
would like to see if any of this is
salvageable oh my god
sorry I'm not trying to great
done
forget it I don't want to do this camera
dad I don't know
yeah put that shit down put it down put
it down a little bit you know something
you are some hypocrite you know what I
don't care you don't know I just want a
drag of it no you don't see what help
people smoke to deal with take that look
at this
no people smoke doesn't wanna die sick
look at this okay
my I'm on edge I've got a headache from
screaming so if the camera out of my
fucking face I don't want to deal with
any of this stuff smoke some weed you
got any ghosts I'll talk about this on
camera
hey guys good news try to bail you guys
let the new to piss on in the yard well
see if they do it well some of the
nobles you can go piss directly on the
couch go
I know baby
the one with that is this planet pride
Jupiter
hey don't you have a start
what good is it to me I just work I only
use the star app so I could try and see
what I'm looking at the sky what if I
could make it work somehow do you think
you could be fixed I don't have to get
grassed up inside the viewfinder come
spend it straight oh okay I'm feeling a
little bit better it's been a few hours
I'm feeling better
I'm pissed don't don't take me feeling
better as I'm fine I am furious for the
past few weeks I've been all about
rekindling my relationship with dad
trying to make things work trying to fix
things figure out what the problems are
and talk them out fix it not anymore
I'm over that now I'm now I'm more of
the Civil War state of mind so I'm at a
Civil War kind of mind you know World
War three in the green house kind of
thing so I'm pissed I want to start a
prank war I asked you guys on Twitter do
you think I should start a prank war you
agree with me I think I should start a
prank war too so dad
you broke my shit get ready for hell I'm
speaking too angry right now maybe I
shouldn't be talking about this I
shouldn't be talking about this um I had
a plan I'll tell you what the plan was I
said I had a good idea last week my plan
was grandpa some time of the next week
is going to Columbia and I was gonna
hide in the back and sneak to Columbia
with him and force him to I don't even
care about any of that now I just want
war
like what are you doing singing that's
very sad I'd only hear it calms me down
leave me alone but it's Bridget I'm
gonna cry here why it's sad to me
okay I can see the red light it's not
even funny to you don't record this I'm
sorry alright I just see the red light
still no there's no red light perfect
it's a clear sky night somebody wrote me
on Twitter and said you can see the
fucking Space Station tonight y-yeah oh
hey Michael I gotta go
yes who are you talking to no you came
over you broke it so you have I don't
care dude let me know yeah I said it
yes that was me prank war no Bridget
recording a song no I'm not yeah are you
drinking Bridget one Pat is not
considered drinking's ah you don't even
drink your straight edge not tonight
babe you're starting to act like me
didn't you yeah it's one beer I'm gonna
get out of here you guys ah
not a good day don't touch my beer what
this is mine because I'm not straight as
okay I took a sip
I was gonna pour it down the sink it was
repulsive it was disgusting
so it was alright everybody could drink
this shit okay anyway okay dude I'm
getting out of here
just please don't change because you're
angry but I mean Richie I'm not changing
I took a drag of cigarette as a joke
okay I was finished I took a drag didn't
like it took a sip of beer didn't like
it I'm trying to find a way to calm down
because people say these things help
people mellow out doesn't for me that
didn't help me I'm gonna watch a movie
I'm gonna watch something that's what I
thought I don't want you to do nothing
mellowed me out
I wanna I'm gonna order some pizza I'm
gonna watch TV and I'm getting out of
here okay that's gonna be a pretty day
you guys
Thanks that's gonna be it for today you
guys let's not get into an argument over
this that's gonna be it for today you
guys
I can't do my outro now can I do the
outro or not okay yeah
like subscribe favorite OS pizza
his pizza
