it's not gonna be in the car anymore
Michael I'm terrified I refuse to leave
my house we gotta go places I know I'm
hungry actually quite hungry does
anybody even know what happened did we
tell anybody nothing no yesterday me and
bridge were driving in the car and we
found a palmetto bat right here it was
right there and it like crawled like
legit crazy right now it needs to come
out of my car and we're gonna cry
first you gotta chill out okay we're
good she wants she says she refuses to
move the car unless we get the brunch I
refuse to drive anywhere by the way I'm
not cutting the roach in half if people
were wondering you better cut that thing
in half I'm gonna let it crawl onto it
so I can get it out oh god no where's
you seriously let me go to Carol I'm
sorry overall it was so last night I see
it he goes seriously dude
why are you doing this oh so you saw her
Oh dad's watching laughing his ass off
love you dad we got her
okay so crawled right here into this
area there he may even be stuck like
maybe he realized it was too big so now
the question is where are you
I'm in it I'd like to show everyone I
knew it I knew it
pull out that comes out of all know my
team star sharks that was so so nice of
him yeah it was keemstar brought me some
drama alert merchandise it's quality
yeah I'm kind of envious of it actually
oh my god
why okay hold on why who's doing his
shirts because this is amazing oh my
gosh find out this quality is
outstanding seriously no joke guys I'm
not kidding really
if you are a ki star fan and he puts
this on sale you got to get this think
the quality is unlike any youtube
merchandise I have ever ever ever seen
yeah like better than our quality yeah
this is awesome
our quality's not bad it's good quality
okay but this is like store quality like
like I love it Keem i said early cool
he's like he's done through cool wash
called hang dry that's sick I just
remember the roaches in the car Oh
airbags not gonna pop out or something
right a shut-in that'd be funny though
if that pops out I'm uploading it on the
come on broach I need to go somewhere
are you really not gonna drive in this
car no you should take an uber seriously
yeah I don't do palmetto bugs Bridget
it's probably gone where'd it go Michael
I don't know would you fly out the car
not be here Oh
why would have fly out the car oh okay
show out it's not in your car anymore
okay it's obviously gone out of the car
because it's in your hair stop joking
I've jumped it's really in your hair I'm
seriously shut up guys
looks like we'll call it uber AIDS
what's going on you guys get me out of
camera here here right there today is
Sunday and today which is Monday Oh
today is Monday guys sorry my bad so we
got you back in the days of a week for
guys today is Monday and yeah we never
found the roach like I'm not happy about
this dude we had need help we have to
leave the house I need help with I need
to find the roach or just we can't do
you want me to wreck the car I want you
know obviously was he like yeah what did
you think I was going to say well sure
roach pops up when I'm driving I'm
wrecking the car man I know how many of
you actually saw us on his vlog but
something really crazy and it happens
you guys I want to talk about you know
Bridget and I were right over here and
we were looking for places to put some
of the plants and flowers you guys sent
for the memorial service and while we
were doing it we saw this family of deer
right after I asked my father to show me
a sign now guys that would be very clear
about something I don't believe in that
kind of stuff I don't believe in like
signs and stuff I'm open to it so I
don't want you to think that I'm telling
you oh that was definitely my father cuz
I don't know but it was very weird and
I'll be honest part of me wanted to come
out here just so I can see if I can see
another one like dad give me a sign
nothing we're gonna be giving you added
here in a few minutes you guys we're
going out to dinner feels weird we're
sitting here planning what is that
people have been asking me now that
grandpa's gone what happens to Lauren
and I want to make something very very
very clear
Lauren can stay for as long as she wants
forever if she wants I own the house I
bought it for dad and dad made me
promise that nothing would happend to
Lauren after he was gone and guys I'm
gonna keep that promise not to mention I
wouldn't have had to make the promise to
begin with Lauren if you see this you're
welcome to stay for as long as you want
forever for six months for four years
and two months however long you want to
stay you're absolutely welcome to stay
I also knowing the on the other flip of
the coin that it's gonna be hard for her
because that was where she lived with
Grandpa so it's totally up to her
whatever Lauren wants to do that's I
have no say-so in that Lauren you're
welcome to stay for whatever period of
time you want whether that be for a day
or forever that's up to you if she wants
to go home to Mississippi that's on her
we love Lauren she's part of the family
forever now so you know that that's it
Lauren can stay for as long as she wants
guys it would be that would be mad if if
it was anything else you know what I
mean like of course long to stay forever
kidding me
I don't like seeing that
look at all these plants and flowers
over there we really didn't know what to
do with them so they're right now just
sitting right there there's a whole
bunch you guys and I want to say thank
you for everyone who sent any I'm
getting the sad spell I'll be back
they always say don't judge a book by
it's cover and that's something that I
could learn from too you know
people judge us by looking at us all the
time oh yeah and I did it the other day
so the other day the Umbridge would hear
a bunch of noise and commotion outside
of our house and so we're walking this
and we look out the door and right out
here we just see like ten kids like
watching her house and snapping pictures
laughing and I was so mad I was like bro
my father just passed this is highly
inappropriate that you would show up to
my house and laugh and take pictures ago
we got to get a glimpse of him and I was
so mad so I posted on Twitter I was very
angry and I said how disrespectful I
found it and I was very mad about it and
I guess they saw that because Bridget
checked the mail and in the mailbox was
this letter and I want to show it to you
guys
so widget make sure it's clear and let's
just read it to them clear yep dear
Michael we are so very sorry for
invading your personal space I've got it
I got it we got excited because we are
huge fans we are sorry for your loss we
love you man I know how it feels to lose
someone it really sucks but keep your
head up it's gonna be okay from the kids
outside and that just meant a lot to me
it meant it really did it meant a lot oh
yeah they saw Andy in 4-1 for them to
give us this to explain what happened
hey Bella she likes to get into the
kitty litter box careful stopper
: bigger you can't have kiddie well you
can't eat cat poop come on big girl
Suzu man she's not budging I know she's
doing well I
we caught ya you can't eat poop okay
come on I love you go come on down come
on big girl Bella please come to town
felis is like stop eating my trap all
right now I'm gonna leave you alone but
please come down okay
the letter was just very important to
meet you guys because hey okay and we
thought it was tall for like guys the
letter really did mean a lot to me that
they one explained the position to
apologize for it and guys thank you so
much for this next time I see you
outside I'll go say hello
those kids don't like a bunch of 15 new
kids show up so you guys show back up
I'll say hello so guys I want to keep
this which we put it um I don't know
right now let's put it next to the
trailer diary for that till you find a
place for it
however showing this I don't think you
have a fan sent this you guys at the
diagram so our trailer trail would and
that meant a lot too so I don't know
thanks for sending the letter let's go
eat some dinner
this is a first Sunday dinner Wow dad
yeah I was gonna make a pot roast
I was watching my dad's YouTube videos
the last time I was gonna make his pot
roast for dinner and I woke up too late
so um what you know none of us are gonna
be able to make that pop rocks
I mean it's on the recipe yeah no hope
recipes there do you think you can do it
I like one of us I love that yeah this
is the first time I've ever gotten a
potato it always got potatoes here there
we go dad so I was cooking for day tell
me what to do when you was on you should
try to make it I'm gonna learn try to
the morning that October Sunday dinner
something I do it like burn one regular
header this week to try it out yeah we
got potatoes somebody has got rosemary
vocal over
I cannot seriously didn't you it's been
a really horrible week and that also of
my past like it doesn't make sense did
you feel really good yet this is always
there weirdest thing yeah it's I could
always like call yeah like whenever we
came over to the house today it seems so
normal like he's gonna come out of his
room any minute you know I was I kept
expecting where's that that's how it
felt I almost asked you I didn't tell
you but I was almost about to say
where's your mom
had coffee last night sitting there
though it was the night was the night
before the light kept going on and off
like all right
it was three o'clock and waited make
coffee I make two cups but for me but
for dads all right dad was tough let's
off like like the lights flickered with
it all right dad you want to talk you
know like oh my gosh
I hope you're watching dad I hope we're
making you proud I hope you saw my plan
for the channel I'm not letting you down
not gonna let your vision die it's not
happening
definitely not
dad
hey my car
did you fuck Chevy I didn't think about
that but what about
I guess we get it tomorrow okay
good tomorrow it's up to you yeah thing
is the question is where do we put it if
we park it outside or get them to like
my barn
oh yeah that's not happening uh-huh how
about the barn no see if we put it in
the more gonna have to drive it around
like once a month otherwise she's not to
be able to drive on man you said in the
barn is just gonna sit there and rot
away okay we'll talk about it later
yes tomorrow matter thing about that
yeah buffets close man
no oh I miss um how did you Bridget
yes tomorrow 255
you
