what's going on you guys fat fuck behind
a diarrhea problem here cuz I shit my
pants the other day today is Thursday
throwback Thursday which means tonight
I'm gonna tell what is tonight it's like
8 o'clock but later on I'm gonna tell
the story by the time we got into a car
accident and I had to take my naked
x-rays I briefly touched on to the story
on Bridget's video but I didn't really
talk about it because it was
embarrassing
tonight I'm gonna tell that horribly
embarrassing story of my naked x-rays Oh
God last night was my dinner with
grandma that you guys made happen you
guys use the hashtag you clicked like
you told her you wanted to see her and
she fell in love and she let me film the
dinner so if you want to check out what
you guys made happen check out the ball
right here I'm gonna go on I'm just
gonna try it right here Michael Michael
for the future this is pointing towards
towards the battery okay right here on
your camera view finders menu right here
says record right here is a battery so
remember this when you're pointing
towards the little ball so today's
Thursday gonna get it started check out
the video from last night got a horror
block got us a cotton candy sky going on
let's check out today and get us started
I don't know how you go check out today
the weather today has been horrible it's
been raining and depressing and just
disgusting all day means I'm not gonna
be able to look at the telescope tonight
and see the stars depressing tomorrow
night so anyway let's get this day
started Thursday Thursday style without
have worked Thursday style and that
sucks
check our budget the sky looks like
cotton candy bubblegum blue and pink
bubblegum sky everybody it is bubblegum
sky SOPA there's a briefcase tile see
anything that you like yeah sure okay
shirt goes aside so first things first
let's just get this out of the way horeb
luck wrote me a couple of weeks ago May
told me that in the arcade block or the
nerd block whichever one it was and the
horror block because they share a
similar fan base it's going to both have
the same exclusive Ghostbusters nerd
block exclusive and to reply if you
don't want it
I didn't reply because I wanted it twice
so I got this again this is the same
Ghostbusters bust you can't buy this
it's exclusive I got two of them now
shot glasses killer shots dead good shot
glasses this looks kind of cool looks
like I may have to drink some milk out
of it like they did to get the full
experience oh those are so cute
definitely to get the full experience I
need milk in them what do you say you
give me Gil Bridget first here's a shot
oh oh
shot glasses chug chug chug chug chug
chug go go chug chug chug that's some
strong milk more more MORE
this is usually an indicator that it's a
coffee cup so I'm going to save that for
the shirt
okay the Overlook Hotel coasters the
Overlook Hotel is from the shining
so these are shining coasters that's
pretty cool
here's coasters Rue Morgue
Magazine which I haven't actually read
these but I should yeah they're so cool
Gary Magazine
Oh for reopen we'll take a guess what
kind of coffee cup this is hmm I say
haunted hotel The Shining hey Bates
Motel
it isn't breaking it I hate that show I
can get it open
technical difficulties
ah here we go
Oh was open the bottom of it
first of all okay let's close our eyes
not luck okay
Oh what fucking way how's that how'd you
do no fuckin way I I was just kidding I
watched it are Hilaire today Vince moto
coffee company just it looks like it's
from Bloody Disgusting huh
looks like Evil Dead I love it but it's
who I want to wear it now okay guys it's
time for my weekly magic trick you ready
for this last time I ended up topless I
don't want that to happen so what the
desert what what the fuck so little snug
on me what the hell how did this happen
magic that was this month's horror block
got a dog tore away with that bellows we
got oh oh god ow
I hurt my eye Clara my oh my god
fuck you Report magazine oh say that oh
that is our horror block for this month
oh that's awesome
we got room org magazine is
advertisement for insidious on the back
room org magazine let the Evil Dead
shirt we got the Bates Motel coffee cup
we got the shot glass
we got tho shining coasters
and we got the the Ghostbusters
exclusive this is a awesome horeb lock
this month say I said the shirt if
you're not a member of horeb lock signup
this is by far my favorite crate that I
get hey Belle what do you think should I
tell that story about my ex wings she's
encouraging me not to do it she says
daddy you're gonna be too embarrassed
don't tell the story
okay I understand Belle I'll rub your
belly if that's what you want he wants a
pretty rose she got two and I won't tell
the story well that's almost it for
today but first we have my throwback
Thursday story and today I promised you
that I would tell you the story by the
time that I had to give naked x-rays at
the hospital so a couple of years ago
December 2013
Bridgette and I were leaving our
neighborhood and we got into a car
accident the car hit on her side or in
the backseat and it fucked it up we had
to go to the hospital
Bridgette was taken by ambulance I rode
with Bridget's mom and when we got to
the hospital I told them that my knee
felt like it was broken because I could
barely walk I was limping I just didn't
want to ride in the ambulance and so
they decided they needed to give me an
x-ray do you know the old phrase wear
clean underwear in case you get into an
accident in my case wear any underwear
and what I could describe as yeah the
most embarrassing moment of my entire
life
this young hotshot Doogie Howser doctor
looked like he was 19 or 20 young but
better than I am
decided I needed to have some x-rays
made and I didn't dispute it until we
got to the x-ray room so we get to the
x-ray room and he says oh I don't have
any gowns
I guess just strip down to your
underwear well I was wearing any
underwear you see and so I didn't want
to tell him at first I'm in the corner
taking off my clothes and now I'm fully
nude
this is embarrassing so now I'm fully
naked and I'm just like uh and he's on
the other side anytime you want to lay
down on the table we can take the first
x-ray and I'm fucking naked my dicks
hanging out I'm fucking just standing
there like uh what do I do
like hey do you sure you don't got any
downs they didn't what kind of hospital
doesn't have a spare gown so I come
walking into frame hi sir and I can see
his eyes he looks at me I'm fucking
naked dude I am totally nude uh he goes
oh you don't have to take off all your
clothes well I don't have any underwear
long conversation short
Here I am now crawling my fat ass onto
this freaking cold metal slab totally
nude and he needs the first picture so
first I am in the field position on the
table like a big fat hairy baby oh my
god Here I am Bridget get over here we
got a you got a show we got to get an
accurate portrayal of this hold the
camera first of all it's my knee that
he's supposed to be x-ray but he's not
answering to me to check my ribs and my
back was checked spinal functions and so
it takes the first x-ray then all of a
sudden it turns into like a fucking
playboy shoot the guy was like ok we're
gonna need you to get into this and he
eventually I'm a doggie style
oh my dude like do you need this oh
let's think about some of those shots I
had to do I'm like this naked one leg
down and I gotta get like this oh my god
then I'm like this oh my god totally
nude
fat hairy baby disgusting can't believe
I did it this guy I don't know how he
ain't laughing I'm humiliated ok well
he's seen my dick and more positions
than Bridget seen an end
okay am i dude I don't know if I've seen
myself in these positions before like
I'm in all fours like you I was in a
yuca shove a dildo up my ass but that's
the last thing I need to say so I pretty
much give this guy a Playboy nay
penthouse photo shoot in the x-ray room
naked a spread apart legs open balls
flopping only the O's missing was this
that's the only that was missing from
this photo shoot and long story short
there was nothing wrong with me didn't
even need the x-rays that hospital needs
gowns that's all I have to say
so anyway that's the story ash want to
tell you guys about that because the
moral the story is always were underwear
I do now I think I hope I always am now
no awesome horror block today love that
didn't love my nude photo shoot very
much you have time to say that's very
funny one of the most embarrassing
stories of my entire life bar none I
don't know if I have a more embarrassing
story I don't care how many times I shit
my pants I don't care about the times
that I puked in school by the time I
fell off of the freakin playground in
school and got knocked unconscious
nothing is more embarrassing than being
totally nude in all these awkward
positions while getting an x-ray thanks
for watching you guys like subscribe
favorite I want to see you in that
position not that I should be
embarrassed
