what's going on you guys get behind a
Mother's Day here that did not work
bridge arrest here she's right frickin
bear oh my god I took a shower oh my
hair
that's our bellows sniffs oh okay kisses
Oh God let me say first of all the
response that you gave us yesterday
asking if you guys want to see grandma
in the video overwhelming
I can't even it's awe-inspiring that you
guys wanted to see grandma so much I'm
gonna show her your guys responses and
she's gonna love your film
happy Mother's Day to mom as you see I
signed it pickle boy mom pickle boy this
is oh yeah she really likes those circus
peanuts so these are those this thing is
just filled with gift cards it's like
all kinds of gift cards because I'm a
gift card giver all congratulations on
your wedding here's a gift card your
baby is so beautiful gift card Happy
Hanukkah gift card bad day Merry
Christmas that was a gift card
dropping it was not such a good idea at
fel embellish slobber I'm really sorry
mom so it's dinner time with Grandma
it's Wednesday here we go happy Mother's
Day it's not Mother's Day but she works
on Mother's Day and this dealing is
shasthri so happy Wednesday Mother's Day
hey did you smell my ass what why these
are the pants I sharted in and even make
sure they're washed I need to make sure
they don't stink from when mom smells
them come on I'm not smelling your ass
smell my ass this is my shark
I don't smell nothing so I just realized
last night that I made a fool of myself
on vlog and out of me I made a fool of
myself by shedding my pants I don't mean
I made a fool of myself by playing with
toys I said we went to the movies to see
ex machinae and I was all mad ex
machinae this movie's awesome I think
it's got X machine
nah ex maschino was awesome and last
night I was watching some stuff on DVR
and I got a commercial for the movie and
I was a look Bridget it's a commercial
for X machine ax and at the end of it ex
machina I was like oh the movies called
ex machina not X machine ax yeah I made
a fool of myself but Elena's bad as shit
in my pants
I was so gross dude and it stunk and I'm
wearing the clothes again how you
feeling gonna go you
those are eyepieces hotels go good news
what she can get more chemo team and
thought she's out of heat so the past
couple of weeks Bella couldn't get her
chemo treatments where she going bye
Bella Oh Bella couldn't get our chemo
treatments for the past few weeks
because she's been in heat ain't that
right big sketch my big girl
bah Bella oh how you we are almost at
Grandma's house mom's house um almost at
mom's house
let me picking her up don't know where
we're going yet there's so many places
to eat well excited who's hungry I am
he's so hungry you can eat his boogers
oh no thanks so sitting here with
Grandma okay so you guys showed such
overwhelming support clicking like and
share it and posting that hashtag on
Twitter that mom wants to be seen
she thinks you guys care what you do
care yeah she knows you care I hope so
so we're celebrating Mother's Day with
mom before we go when we had to give mom
a Mother's Day present oh yeah you like
circus peanut sorry yeah
oh my god
do grad
Oh oh my god oh shit sorry your stuff oh
you lost it completely
yeah I get to eat for the rest of my
life
don't say that Diaz for life at least
for us that's dinner back okay all right
okay wonderful
yeah who's that this me you nutty ass
how'd you a nutty as well look this is
our family's kind of nutty a little
bananas oh yeah this place it's an
adorable card
this is cute thank y'all we are here at
I'm talking low cuz they just opened up
we're at a Brazilian steakhouse did you
get there mom I don't know
bunch of stuff it's kind of like the
place we went to in Philadelphia super
educate there's so that I love this plan
so we're chilling dinner with Grandma Oh
everybody misses you
well ring and it's nice know I'm loved
you look nice your hair looks good thank
you I'm trying to let it grow wait I
don't let it groom see that being away
from dad is the best kind of diet no
it's not
now if you worry so when to lose it with
him is also the best time to die because
when you sleep in his bed you don't eat
you lose your appetite so mom's got
sausage steak and you trip on it
I got cinnamon pineapple yeah sugar mama
plate filled with meats like a like a
Viking plate show prints like a little
piece of grilled pineapple
Oh mom that's good right
yeah I'm still trying drinking the blood
for me Oh
so basically mom what happened is we
were able to choose each other's tattoos
I got this bridge I got one on her foot
and I got dad this oh wow that's right
above that tell me is it accurate yep
how many times to wake over the middle a
night because of this thing I woke up
and Noah leanest a lot so we just got
done eating we went to this place right
here it's called cowboy Brazilian
steakhouse it's over here by North
Ralston City Hall and by the movie
theater bridge and I like to go to that
was really good
it was just as good as the one me and
Grandpa went to in Philadelphia
what'd you think mom I can't move mom
got dessert let's take a look at this
this is the leftover dessert the turtle
cheesecake I got like a snicker bar and
I don't mean maybe give me a sicko bar I
mean it was like a homemade snicker and
it was outstanding I got the flan it was
coke so here we are Brazilian steakhouse
good we got it I'm here on average
spending Mother's Day give me hugs mom
happy Mother's Day Mother's Day
thumbnail mom didn't know what to do
sugar huh yeah I can't smile cuz I look
like a jack-o'-lantern
Oh could make fun of yourself Cassie
what are those earrings stars there's a
double stars
the devil is upside down cross getting
out of here mom they all wanted to see
you they miss you Hey
and she's juggling two little desserts
herself that's there for dinner with
Grandma and happy Mother's Day thank you
so I got Jupiter honesty moved so anyway
uh just got back well we're not just got
back we hung out with mom for a little
bit uh after dinner and now I'm not
using the telescope I've grown to love
this thing Bridgette I'm scared don't
get me wrong and I don't know why I get
really genuinely terrified to look at
the stars it's it's an anomaly I know
dad I don't know what your game is I
don't know if you what you were pranking
me with or if you were just trying to be
nice but this was one of the nice I'll
say good act man I love the hell out of
this thing so I'm trying to point it in
the direction of Juber it shows in here
but I can't get it in this yet but I'm
trying kid be kind of scared Ryan what I
got it right we start talking good show
me uh I guess gone now it's moved
obviously how do I find it myself I
don't know let me try one more time
because that truthfully scared me Oh
frightened me as you were saying kid
behind a scared planet - Jesus scared me
dude like a crescent
which is pretty cool you know what I've
noticed
what the moon really has a been out
since I've had this what the hell you're
so right the moon be easy Hey look for
the big giant ball in the sky that'd be
a lot easier to find in these little
plants gonna be crazy of all the planets
for as big as the moon I've never owned
a telescope so it's kind of hard right
now for me to maneuver once I know it
and I've been doing it every fucking
night you don't need all mastered
eventually for now
so anyway I'm gonna get out of here that
was my dinner with mom she was really
overwhelmed by your guy's response she
almost got emotional reading all your
guys tweets and you know the hashtag it
was great so thank you guys for doing
that made her day it was a really fun
time all I'm glad she came out with us
tonight it was a lot of fun and that's
gonna be it so thanks for watching you
guys like subscribe favorite fuckin
everything
tomorrow's throwback Thursday I got
another story for you oh my god I know
what it is I don't even know what it is
I know what it is I'm sorry
head towards that I don't remember
hospital
oh the hospital story yes yes I was
gonna tell the full story I've already
told a little bit of Anna bridges
channel before yeah requests it was
about the time we got into a car
accident and I had to take naked x-rays
so I'm gonna tell that tomorrow thanks
for watching you guys like subscribe
favorite kid behind of Jupiter here I'm
blurry and that's it
