what's going on you guys Qi the camera
here here's my dance face oh yeah what's
your dance face okay you look like you
have parks today is to stay kiss me and
I got some news for you guys by the end
of this vlog stay tuned all the way to
the end to check out the news from
pickleboy and I mean I'm gonna read the
news I mean I Got News for you yesterday
was Monday and I put up a vlog where
Bridget was terrified of a spider
check it out the ball is right here or
it's right here I really should know by
now which side the ball is by looking at
the but I don't know did I do a funny
kid behind the camera here no I just say
KP on a camera here I think so
kid behind a flashlight here can't be
had a fat face here kid behind a rubber
vagina cake with rotten teeth here fat
ass behind a camera here can't be hot
bags the Chinese here I do this behind
Chinese food - yeah
hmm today's Tuesday let's get it started
well that was oh-oh-oh you turn my art
bridge West hey uh hello so this is how
Michael sits on the computer hey don't
show this like always
Oh Oh what I just ship it why I was
trying to fart oh dude I think I see you
oh oh my god dude please oh okay
I wish this is humiliating it's running
down my fucking legs
Oh pickle boy shit his pants oh the fuck
was that
hey Jimmy
no I was trying spark and I shit were
you mad
oh it's steam off the mice oh my god
dave-o
an admirable thought is there a little
sec oh this is so nasty I wash it all
over his body you're so gross dude
til your damn shower I need to wash this
outfit I'm not touching it just saying
that I need this will outfit watch
because I wanted to wear - put it in the
washer and I'll wash it
I need wear to dinner tomorrow oh we're
not keeping that in the vlog did you
galv it at least did you clean the
shower after maybe no all but okay okay
okay so anyway or not to eat that stuff
in the law it's going in the vlog I shit
my pants I don't care
cute outfit though oh look a basketball
player yeah that's just pants stop
talking about it
I want an egg roll no oh maybe that's
why I shit my pants because the Chinese
probably so earlier I asked you guys on
Twitter uh if you want to see the part
of me sharding on the vlog tonight
because I wasn't going to use it so I
asked you guys do you want to see it
when i shart - click favorite on the
tweet and you did it so it's being
included Oh totally humiliating let me
say that it was earlier but that doesn't
mean is any less embarrassing so I am
including it as you guys just watched I
shit my pants earlier that's one of
those humiliating things that's happened
to me in a long time I have now I can
now say that on camera I shit my pants
so keep watching the vlog I got to talk
to you guys about something some of the
people on my Twitter already know about
it
uh if you guys want to get this kind of
stuff early follow me on Twitter I post
this kind of stuff a lot retweet if you
want me to do this fave if you want me
to do that help you guys be a part of
this more uh just including you guys a
lot more if you want to be a part of all
that follow me on twitter can't believe
i shit my pants huh man ah guess what
planet that is Bridgette Jupiter yep I
can't keep my hands still enough so I
actually becoming like the planetary kid
or something you know keep behind a
planet Here I am going to try to set
this up so I can see Jupiter tonight
it's time for it's time for pick a boy
to become the lunar kid let's find us
let's become kid behind a Jupiter today
I'm trying to look for the star with
this camera right there
oh I see it
we're gonna have to do for this thing
good I know right oh my god I saw it
scared the shit out of me huh
are you serious yes I saw it was like
this big
what is scare you I'm terrified of the
planets stop being scared this is too
much Cinco de Mayo for me today so I'm
gonna get out of here
in just a minute but before I got out of
here I wanted to talk to you guys um
about tomorrow so if you follow me on my
Twitter you saw that I was talking about
it earlier today tomorrow night I am
taking my mother out for Mother's Day
dinner grandma she is going out to
Mother's a dinner tomorrow I'm gonna
give her her Mother's Day present
because she actually has to work on
Mother's Day uh and she told me I said
oh uh let me bring the camera off
thermal for my vlog and she said that
she doesn't think you guys want to see
her so she's telling me don't record me
on video because they don't care about
me anymore and I said that's not true
that's bullshit the youngins love you I
love you we want to see you on video and
it's time to show her that we care click
like on the video and go on twitter and
use the hashtag we want grandma and use
this and tomorrow I'm gonna show her
everything you guys are saying all the
likes from the video and that's it just
click like
use the hashtag we want grandma and show
her that we care show her that you guys
want her in the vlog and she'll let me
film her at the dinner tomorrow
otherwise she doesn't think you guys
want to see her and she's not gonna let
me film it and I want to film it I'm
thinking about taking a real Brazilian
steakhouse and I want to film that maybe
just because I'm fat I don't know but I
want to film that I want you guys to be
a part of my Mother's Day dinner with
Grandma I really want you guys to be a
part I'm trying to bring you everywhere
with me now you know you guys are as
much a part of my life now as anybody
else's so I want your guys input do you
want to see grandma and if you do let's
let her know it and that's gonna be it
thanks for watching you guys yes I shit
my
and yes I'm embarrassed yes I'm
humiliated it's humiliating anyway
thanks for watching you guys
oh I'm embarrassed
uh-huh but yeah click the like button if
you want to see grandma use the hash tag
we want grandma and show her you guys
care so thanks for watching you guys
like subscribe favorite I sharted and
that's it
