what's going on you guys kid beyond a
failed relationship with its father here
Oh
orkap you had a telescope today that's
right I'm not behind the telescope kid
in front of a telescope here today is
Monday and I'm just sitting here chillin
with Bridget
she said bridge was here or something
anti-climatic for just ya stop doing
that today is Monday which means one of
two things
I'm not gonna do nothing and I'm gonna
watch wrestling so wrestling tonight and
that's it dude I got no loot crate's to
open I got no horror blocks I got
nothing I want to open I want something
to open I want me to get you a gift
yeah give me a gift so I can open
something oh no this is the kind of
thing I deal with she doesn't wanna give
me gifts she doesn't want to give me a
present she doesn't love me she's in
terrible fortune next month I'm not
celebrating that it matter as a matter
of fact the way my birthday works is I'm
expecting to get a present every day
until my birthday it's kind of like
Hanukkah no yeah up until my birthday I
get a present a day what that's stupid
and then for your birthday you don't
even get a happy birthday you get
nothing
okay prank
oh god you hugged me so yesterday was
the video with my dad if you haven't
seen it click the little ball here or is
it here I don't know so check out the
video of our horrible Sunday dinner my
vlog is below you can check that out I
got two videos for you guys damn check a
boat out son does that hat all necessary
to push me so we're just getting on
Monday started chillin watching
wrestling let's go a target no okay so
explain to me the purpose of brushing a
freaking ponytail dude my hair is masked
in a shower do me a favor real quick
would you what give me the blonde girl
why I need to use the plunger we took
the crap come on dude I really need to
go
oh boy I don't know where it is anymore
huh we're yeah but better find it
Bridget yeah I'm scared myself now
behind him yeah there it is
I'm not killing it Bridget maybe you can
offer it something to crawl onto it
their only purpose is to scare me oh
shit another one how can I get this
thing what are you doing what are you
what
what's happened what did you do with the
you blocked the bathroom at the freakin
couch dude I don't want to kill the
spider I want to let it free come on
dude hey I am close to phobic let me out
of here
yeah then you'll cry
until it's flush now hey that was
freakin towel strands the real spider
like just crawl out of the bathroom so
spiders flushed happy it's not really
flushed
I think Kelly what oh it's in the
bathroom still Michael get it there's
one right there though what God bridge
I'm joking let's get the clothes get the
real fighter i'ma pull outside so the
only one obviously they're back up front
door oh okay it blew off get it I don't
know where it went
it's gone we're going to live with it
now
my god I'm not staying here all right
you gotta be kidding I won't fucking
stay here tonight I wash my hands
yes spider whip find it for me destroy
ya already I'm very particular when I
picked oiz
do I want the John Cena don't see him
think that's the question or do I want
to get him and pretend he's a new
wrestler all right get him and use the
sword and stuff I like that idea
Oh oh my god what you're still stained
oh yeah yeah okay Oh must you make fun
of me in public I didn't come here for
toys Michael I did oh we just saw this
little cute little balloon floating
alone wanting to wish somebody a happy
birthday
well listen I get it just a little okay
Britt doesn't have a motion
Vickie it's not real I know is that Q
today oh my god One Direction oh the
only direction is right there to my
heart please no not really
I could get the Barbra Streisand CD
though I wonder how many people are
gonna hit off don't make fun of one
direction well I'm definitely one of
them
that's me that's I just off that's
making furnace piss off to me I'm sorry
I'm sorry made fun of your band no I
hate that band I never listen to one
song and I hate you love him yeah I
decided to skip Monday Night Raw tonight
and everybody is flipping out about
about how it's like the raw of the year
so I'm gonna skip to it to see whatever
he's talking about
apparently something just happened by
the way if you're watching this vlog and
you have not yet seen Monday Night Raw
spoiler alert it's coming up don't watch
this
oh my goodness
Sami Zayn is debuting on Monday Night
Raw holy crap
Sami Zayn just debuted Monday Night Raw
I'm gonna start the shift in them from
the beginning Bridget we're not watching
Teen Mom now Hey mine are all time my
kid behind a Venus here visualize yeah
I'm going into the bugs my fingertip is
now glowing cuz of Venus did you say may
the 4th be with you yeah so I'm gonna
get out of here thanks for watching you
guys I need to call terminex because the
all these bugs inside I don't want to
kill them their creature i'll just
prevent them from coming in they won't
actually die right so that's gonna be it
for today you guys thanks for watching
bridges told me how to wear condoms
because it'll prevent them from coming
in and they'll die and oh we're talking
you have our conduct we're talk about
Terminix so anyway that's wait we cannot
show any of that because my dad watches
the vlogs fuck him
hey you don't like me ry damn oh my god
Doug I'm coming inside hey Michael
that's enough he's coming inside the
house come on
no I'm saying out here I was talk about
something else Doug don't like me I
don't like Doug by the way that's the
second time I did it the first time
Bridgette coughed check this out Doug go
like me Doug go like me
thanks for watching you guys may the 4th
be with you oh yeah give me that why are
you trying to attack me today
I wasn't heart attack I'll try to kiss
you like subscribe favorite that's it
kiss me
