what's going on you guys get behind a
catfish here inside jokes almost Ronnie
catfishes didn't work so what's going on
you guys can't be on a catfish here keep
me on a camera here for just behind a
catfish he are right here right there
first things first Bridget I've had
people asking questions why aren't you
in the vlogs anymore
I usually found them yeah I'm put you in
the vlog oh hey guys you're just here in
the vlog okay tongue update ah oh my god
it looks better dude what what what's
that spread its spread so I was like
what's going on here
dude it's pride so high for this dude
it's Fred I'm getting fucking tard Oh Oh
God
today is Friday it is May 1st which
means my birthday is almost exactly a
month away
help me Bridget I hate birthdays I'm
here for you baby I hate it I cried on
my 21st birthday nobody likes getting
old getting older sucks I've been afraid
of changes yeah instead of being excited
by a beer I cried in bed so anyway
birthday is coming I'm probably going to
ignore that day but either way today a
sadder algo cetera et spry day what's
going on up here I keep fucking days up
is this like I have my brain coming out
of my head is that what that is
all I don't know but today is Friday how
no dude my mouth hurts a lot right now
fuck what what's green mean I looked up
says I might be infected do they not
think of a fucking hospital dude what
the fuck dude come on home do it update
on them cut Michael dude in the fucking
hospital let's go
so something's going on look dude what
is that fruit by the foot oh well I was
hoping tonight will be the night that I
used the telescope but according to this
I don't think that's gonna happen
and it's starting to rain actually so
another night no telescope
okay I say that again cuz I want to film
it
oh if you want as a playout come over
here son and we'll film and man we said
father son no no percent man-to-man okay
and we'll have something out okay so
this Sunday just funny you and I will
hash it out and I don't know target or
you just get it all over with
oh my god yeah said okay I'm just trying
to get all the deal am I am I you'll me
to bring dinner what do you want
oh man shut the fuck up got to see you
Sunday bitch I guess I'm going to
grandpa's house this Sunday we're gonna
chat we're gonna hash it out it's over
ladies and gentlemen it is over he's
calling back hello hey hey so you're in
pre-k MC okay oh yeah yes sir why you
help me so mean I'm trying to talk you
hear all that wrestling setup grandpa
wants to talk to me this Sunday oh this
is embarrassing
well you just heard it from grandpa
we're gonna try to work this out Sunday
we're gonna have a sit-down the powwow
we're gonna hash it out man man man to
man grandpa and I are gonna talk I don't
know what to say I don't know the kind
of things that I can ask him during this
sit-down
let me guys know what you think I should
say to Grandpa on my Twitter the link is
here
no the links not here but the name is
here go to Twitter
it's also below hit me up on Twitter let
me know what you think I should talk to
Grandpa bow should I ask him about the
telescope what was that about I don't
know
also while you're there follow me on
Twitter because pretty soon I'm going to
be doing another QA I think this time
I'm going to have grandpa with me
assuming shit goes good Sunday so follow
me on twitter the link is below and
pretty soon I'm gonna do a Q&A with
angry grandpa
assuming shit works out with us well
guess what what
take a guess you ordered pizza that's
later oh that's quite obviously later no
we have been invited to dinner Sunday
with grandpa and he wants to hash it out
that's right folks
me and Grandpa gonna chat is crap oh my
god he's got a prank I mean he's lost
just keep a guard up yeah I shouldn't
say he's lost cuz last time I did that
he fucked me up but he lost he lost he
lost I don't think we should go
reverse psychology maybe maybe I don't
even come on a Sunday dinner maybe not
maybe I'm gonna blow my chance maybe we
should go to Sunday dinner probably fuck
that shit I will blow myself I still
gotta know what that's about so my
sister Kimberly in New York has been
texting me yes that is mustard on my
shirt I got her and my niece Lilly
tickets to wrestling tonight it's a very
first wrestling event and she is having
a great time here's a little picture for
holding up a belt a blurry picture of
looks like Dean Ambrose doing a elbow
drop nice picture guys oh so they're
having a great time it's our first
little wrestling event oh he's having a
great time I'm really happy that she
could enjoy it
she actually filmed a little video
yeah
so she's having a great time
she's wearing a Brocket leshner shirts
probably the only little kid wearing a
Lesnar shirt will everybody else is
sporting Cena so nice job Lily oh I
really am happy you're enjoying the show
dan burns you check out this big eyes
bright star
you should telescope huh duh go get it
and I'm gonna pull up my star chart and
see what it is it's Venus yeah so Venus
apart gonna look like a crescent through
the telescope oh nice well hey here on
the camera yeah
I don't know that smoke is but guys go
to something smoke
oh you're smoking on camera trying to
play I wasn't smoking caught you're
smoking radio chatter no slide off I
don't know what the deal is I can't get
it to stay ah Jesus dad were you
pranking me with this thing is that what
the thing is it don't work Oh what is
your story that's gonna be a free day
you guys wish me luck I hope it works
out
bridges dad's coming over tomorrow he
wants to talk to me okay so I got that
to look forward to very nice I'm gonna
be nice
well I'm always nice so anyway thanks
for watching you guys
Sunday's coming looking forward to that
uh Lily hope you had a good time with
your first wrestling event Kim sent me
pictures they were so it's adorable
right yes so Kim Lily hope you had a
great time of your first little
wrestling event great time folks that's
gonna be at thanks for watching you guys
like subscribe comment everything
favorite remember to follow me on
Twitter and me on Twitter because I post
stuff - yeah - for the Q&A so thanks for
watching you guys like subscribe
favorite find out everything and that's
it I told you the pizza was coming later
