what's going on you guys Kim Jana camera
here bridge West asleep there today I
don't even know dude Thursday uh I just
woke up uh it's like 5:00 in the morning
and past few days bridge has been sick
and I just woke up in the middle of the
night feeling sick to my stomach so
originally think her personally for
fucking me up whatever she had I have I
do in the intro now grab the camera
because I already know if I'm waking out
tomorrow
I remember wake up at all this could be
it
this could be the last thing I film so
it is Bridget yeah
you have the ps4 and the TV open your
eyes
oh you got me sick
and these you go make me some
alka-seltzer
so Bridget today with with her dad and
everything first of all he did want to
come in or talk to me whatever and they
went to Carolina Ale House
could have brought me something bad very
bad cheese curds but no you're too sick
for that you need soup
I don't think ramen noodles a soup
though if nobody has one of these things
it's the rapid ramen cooker this thing
rocks instead of cooking the Roman
noodles in four minutes you can cook
them in three that's cool oh man no he
needs of a hot for his road I tell you
what was kind of bullshit the thing on
the box said Oh 50% less sodium whoa we
got to get 50% less sodium and our ramen
noodles and who you read the bag to get
50% less sodium use half the packet I
didn't need your rapid ramen cooker to
do that didn't get it either I have to
dump the whole pack oh honey look I'll
be good for your throat
my dad says bourbon and honey heat up
will help your throat is that what he
said and you're cold
really yeah Barban and honey yeah one
one shot you it's like one shot of
bourbon a little bit of honey and you
microwave it you like you chug it then
you go to bed and I guess if boy was
your blood I mean I don't know I'm not
doing it I probably do it either Bello
made me feel better
Bello doesn't care if I feel better or
not she's was a camera take it your
symptoms when you gave me I'm not gonna
put up with it cuz you're gonna get me
worried and then
I'm kidding my god feminism proxy
yeah I drank some earlier Michael prank
Bella we got mom with a plane huh she
pranked me I'm afraid I she's gonna buy
me the face well that's gonna be almost
it for today but first I told you guys
yesterday if you want to see the video
Bridget freaking out over that bug to
smack that like button
you guys went ham you want to see it
check this out this was bridges bug out
bridges bug out I like that ah
Bridget's bug Brigid bugs out I can be
the title of the vlog Bridget bugs out
so anyway check this out holy crap what
is this thing killer Mike I'm not
killing a bug here come here film
hurries work good grab the camera good
ignore our mess bridges an innocent old
pub oh my god thanks me embarrass
legitimate
better fat dude don't hang around what
you know so how do you feel embarrassed
for I wish I would you wouldn't let me
grab the camera out of your hand because
you were crying and I mean tears running
down yeah the bug was very terrifying
like I was look like it was about to
fucking jump like I didn't only record
this damn bog if you saw the end I was
just like I don't wanna chill with you
anymore today I didn't want to chill
with her anymore that was sellin oi dude
well you know what you're very annoying
- yeah how about when he cry over a
freaking video game that's if grandpa
took your wrestlers how about that is
this a tech pickle boy dad just I'm sick
she'll make funny mom I'm sick like I'm
just saying Michael I mean give me those
hey throwback Thursday story time baby
so for my throwback Thursday story I
wanted to tell you guys a story about
the time I had the flu and grandpa took
care of me
unlike the time that grandpa and I got
sick at the same time and he flipped out
on me you know dad was sick then I got
sick going to him can we just cannot be
thick alone for once I think I might
have told that on the vlog once you want
to hear if you haven't heard and you
want to hear it click like and I'll tell
that next week so I was in the fourth
grade
it was in October and the reason I know
that it was in October is because the
fair was in Tallinn it was in Colombia I
remember I was in school and I was
trying to learn I was trying to read a
book and then they just fucking hit me
boom I just felt so nauseous and I had
to go to the nurse's office I had to
call dad to come pick me up and he was
there quick I was his number one
priority back then dad showed up the
school what's going on my boy I went
through my son he took care of me dad
took me home and
I can't describe it the best father ever
came out of angry grandpa usually he was
a piece of shit Jim a goddamn face fuck
you
why you eat my cheese I never bought
another drink in this goddamn house
again
then all of a sudden he's a good father
he fluff my pillow he tucked me in he
started bringing me chicken noodle soup
I told my name like chicken noodle soup
so we went back to the store and he got
chicken and star soup and that was
delicious
then he started making me my own
personal chicken noodle soup homemade
and he would come in there how you
feeling buddy it's hard to explain
because I've never seen that side of him
since before after just this one time
he really showed that he cared he was
there for me and he was bedside with me
I'd wake up and he's sitting in a chair
next to my bed how you feeling buddy
what you dream about
he really cared about because I was
genuinely sick and he was there to take
care of me of course
when dad's being nice to me that means
he has to be super aggressive and angry
towards other people extra to make up
for the niceness that he's you know
exuberant to me so I can hear them in
the other room where's my good day I'm
fucking Thursday Tina what you want for
dinner
Chinese we can afford it you fucking
bitch
to go to Thor get me 10 packs and get
your fat stupid ass I'm free I'm telling
you now bo you keep that cigarette
smoking shit up you get out of my
goddamn house you ain't nothing but a
third where's my goddamn remote fuck you
so he was extra pissed off but when he'd
come to see me how you doing buddy he
had to make up for the niceness with
extra anger towards everybody else and
that's okay with me
I'm the priority I'm getting taken care
of a few days go by and I'm feeling good
as new it's a new day pickle boy I'm
feeling great I walk into the living
room how you feeling buddy
I'm feeling good maybe a goddamn glass
of tea would you and all went back to
normal I began getting yelled at again
dry demon God this recipe shit again so
that's the story I wanted to tell you
guys about the time grandpa genuinely
cared about me and of course he treated
everybody like shit
but that wasn't my problem but grandpa
was treating me extra special because
pickle boy was sick so that's gonna be
it for today you guys hope you like the
bug out from Bridget hope you like to
throw back story sick feeling a little
bit better better than it was last night
anyway tomorrow we'll see apologize for
what
sorry for what ah my arm do what you got
to do this to me oh hey here's a thought
why did he get me this I still don't
know why do I have this house go damn L
trying to get out of it
so I'm sorry what Bridget not getting
out of here
that's my kiss me my apology so I'm
gonna get out of here thanks for
watching you guys I hope I feel better
click that like button if you don't want
to get better cheap wait it's a cheap
way to get likes so anyway thanks for
watching you guys uh hopefully I feel
better tomorrow like look like I hate me
Fred favorite look like if you hate
where you follow everything though don't
do it and that's it well not everything
