what's going on you guys fat fuck with a
bit tongue behind a dildo here and no
your kid behind Kim Kim you had a bit
fucking tongue here this shit hurts
today I can't talk it's kind of
ridiculous look at this let's get a good
look at that I fuck my tongue up karma
is truthfully a bitch dad at you saw the
balls he's probably here you fed fuck
that was give my goddamn pasta what
happened
I need my my tongue because you were
wolfing it down like me dad brought over
pasta yesterday if you haven't seen it
check out the video click the ball here
or here because I'm looking the
viewfinder I don't know where the ball
is it's somewhere around here uh click
that hover over the video check it out
grandpa came by you brought some pasta
and told me I couldn't have any so
naturally the second Bridget was out of
the room I was like I'm getting that
fucking pasta I wish I was recording it
but I wasn't thinking about I was I
gotta eat oh bit the shit out of my
tongue I thought I bit my tongue in half
I started screaming blood was coming out
of my mouth oh my god it was crazy
Bridget was upstairs taking the shower
I'm screaming oh it's finally a texted
her help I hurt myself so anyway that
was my productive day yesterday now
today I got to deal with this and I
sound like I got a tongue ring like I
sound like that kid off of rat race you
know I love you too
so anyway I got a fucked-up tongue it's
horribly miserable out here today so
that's my day fucked up tongue miserable
weather doing nothing else
I'm getting my day started today's
Wednesday right I think
yes one Wednesday and before anybody
asks I don't do Wednesday way and no
more because I'm trying to lose weight
without weighing myself on camera it's
hard I'm just a cancel with the fuck fat
us with a bit tongue worth Wednesday
weigh-in it ain't here not today
but you can't count on me not eating cuz
that fucking hurts I'm not eating today
it's me yeah slippy the tongue
the weather is totally miserable
Bridgette you won't talk to me say the
weather was totally miserable because I
can't play right now what Michael is
trying to say is the weather stuck yeah
what is that
what Oh what is that didn't think it was
from whenever you place on your asshole
okay that's a lie many wiped it that is
a lie
fer how to keep flowers and okay just
like a hoe laying on its back
you're a house top what the hell right
there I know I'm actually calling you a
homo okay Oh me and bridges just came
out here and found ducks in our backyard
oh there he went there with the Ducks oh
oh yeah I'm wearing a hoodie cuz but
it's cold here right now it's actually
cold it's really weird I love it though
a developer
hey there you boom I just had it that
makes her phrase oh me too
the hell's this just fell her face oh
just don't touch my crust that's my cust
just my clothes Wow
durable so bridget is totally freaked
out about doing this kylie jenner lip
challenge and first of all I'm fucking
doing it but I'm gonna make her think
that I did and then my lips exploded
okay Bridget so I'm about to do the
Kylie Jenner lip challenge I'm talking
about it because my tongue so here we go
please don't do it
why because cuz why because I know
what's really fucked up what I do know
is just her tongue you're not doing it
mmm come on Michael stop
all my shoes the brakes are shit good my
shit
hey mind not washing your bloody hands
over my shoes crap I was applying
cameras not really picking up that well
but as frickin permanently died got my
laces gonna have to get new laces for
sure Oh Lord the dangers of printing
Bridget is you lose your shit like your
shoes your favorite shoes a few minutes
ago I recorded Bridget freaking out over
a bug uh I didn't get her but you can't
hear her reaction behind the camera she
starts crying she guys want me to put it
in the vlog she says down daily so tell
her you want to see it click like if you
want to hear her freaking out and crying
over a bug and if you click like well
put it in the vlog tomorrow take the
reaction if they click like you got to
do it so in preparation for our go and
play button Bridget we need to first
hang up the other ones that we have yeah
my little button egg we haven't gotten
it yet we will sign up for it ok so we
got to find a place to put the gold and
play button tongue check uh oh
what for Hey Oh motherfucker let's see
it actually oh dear we should probably
come on Wyatt ah
look for real okay um thank you I'm done
with it well that's gonna do it for
today you guys it's hard to talk still
because uh ah I'm not showing Bridget
cuz she tries to freak me out
so wait come on don't do it
oh no gamma phase scares me look for
real so now I'm really fucking okay yeah
you've been cleaning it right yeah
doesn't look like it yeah okay
I think it's infected oh did come on
laughs no seriously I done with this
game
come on anyway crew no Frank anyway I'm
gonna get out of here like subscribe
favorite and don't do the Kylie Jenner
lip challenge or your lips might really
yeah cuz you don't affect your tongue
