what's going on you guys depressed
pickle fuck behind a dildo here
yesterday I was a pickle on his back
today I'm still a pickle on his back now
pick on it side
yeah I can see side I'm a little better
today so what's going on you guys uh
just sitting here
I got a wrestle crate that I'm gonna
open today so we got that to look
forward to I love getting crates it's
now become an addiction oh my god
crates are my new addiction so gonna
open up a Russell crate today gonna
chill around the house gonna watch the
office and that's it I'm a pickle on his
side baby pickle on his side
when is pickle side getting off I want
to sit here all day just so people know
where I am I'm just sitting on the couch
still just leaning into in a different
position so anyway today is Tuesday
gonna get my little Tuesday started
because it's so dark keep Sun focusing
on me
they can't choose between the couch or
my face so anyway I'm gonna get out of
here gonna start my Tuesday for supper
tonight you did yeah holy cow thank you
are you gonna do fruit bread I just
submitted this caught grandpas Italian
chicken pie it looks awesome
make sure you be there Oh
ain't nothing oh come on no I made this
about me of you
you'll be shit sure you me right
what is it doesn't matter any done yours
I'm on you're here it doesn't matter not
short I didn't make a few I don't they
give you anymore
come on though it is flip store-bought
nigga saw your tweet talk a bit you're
gonna kick down my door so you didn't do
it
you put me in jail anyone else want to
prove
that's not for you you mind just go
ahead and operate it please we breathe
sorry could all you do is just put a
plate he's the back way guess with your
prayer Joe a lot like that garlic bread
hope you enjoy thank you yeah I'm sure
don't give him that
not even watch what happens right now
buddy I'll just take fucker home oh yeah
bread it smells so good oh yeah no
Michel just see won't eat it how do you
want it you ain't getting it
clearly red oh my god no you don't even
make it too good you choke don't matter
to you anyway there's like five kinds of
cheeses in there chicken breast so
that's it I gotta go what kind of
chicken for it does it matter to you
look a man you're not getting any okay I
just wanted to talk can we talk yeah
please you said we could talk this we
brought food this week I did this today
the day this week but maybe later
goodbye I gotta go do later bad man how
will you stop it I'll never beat her
again alright I won't take an immersion
vibrated thanks hey Dad I know you like
to watch my vlogs watch me bite into
this thing no you know what oh my god is
god come on dude he's gone now let me
try it
no wha why because I don't know what's
up cooking this is so good it's off the
camera that's fine don't give me any of
it ah well
it's not a wrestle crate uh the last
time I got the wrestle crate the dogs
went crazy there's nothing to come up on
me again hello Bella thanks for stopping
by she's getting prepared she's like
just so you know I'm taking that out of
your hands and ripping everything in it
Clyde to man the last time I did the
wrestle crates
it was a preview crate now wrestle crate
is available for everybody the link is
below if you want to check it out this
is an example of their $29 ultimate
crate so let's check this out
all right shirt we always do it we put
it aside I'll put this aside this looks
cool all right so first things first
this is the next edition of the
SummerSlam complete anthology the last
time I believed I had 98 through 2002
and this is 2003 through 2007 w/e best
of trading carts 2013 edition bicycle
Luchadors trading playing cards this is
pretty cool so these are luchador
playing cards let's open this up
pin July 2 somewhere that is not a real
deck of cards if you take a closer look
you can see it was sliced down the
middle not doing a magic trick pen and I
know you're not really talking to
pendulum I'm just going crazy first of
all you this that's the backs of them
all like posters
it's also these are sick I love on me
too I want to see the dog Queen the king
the ace this is cool dude got a little
button hardcore luchador entertainment
button oh it's so cute
we have oh yeah comics this is right by
Christopher Daniels and Frankie Kazarian
this is their comic books it's awesome
does it have a quick little flip through
a WWE Hulk Hogan pop toy this is so much
stuff in this man this is so awesome
so whole Cogan and then now we get to
the shirt whoo and it is an Andre the
Giant shirt that's pretty cool Andre
looks we've won some beats by dre beats
by Andre oh oh you wrestle crate so I
just want to tally all this together
25:10 makes 35 I'd say about 5 bucks on
the cards for a see 3 sec's 2 bucks just
give it to him say 5 hey so 25 35 42
bucks 42 will say the stickers buck 2
bucks
$44 comics will say oh it's 5 bucks
that's right there so let's say 10 we're
at about 55 bucks with the stuff here
maybe 64-29 bug so this is pretty cool
this is the first real wrestle crate if
you want to be up for the next one which
comes out next month sign up the link is
below this is sick loaded it's awesome
wow that's I love getting these things
they're so cool
so just now Brigitte went upstairs to
use the bathroom or take a shower or
something and I decided I was going to
sneak some of the food that
made and karma is a bitch dude I bit my
tongue and when I see I bit my tongue
it's the worst I've ever been to look at
this the hell dude well I do I went oh
it hurt so bad
so dad take solace in the fact all his
hurts to talk take solace in the fact
that I bit the hell I like tongue trying
to eat your food oh well I wanted to go
to nation medical center but Burgess
saying no this guy taking care of get
some Oreo job
which one of you is gonna find my tongue
all of them I figure something start
walking on my teeth Laurel anyways I
need to give anything I can where's the
best stuff this stuff glamorous white
whiter smile in just seven days yeah
how about a less burning tongue is it
like a disinfectant um this one might be
diamond strong he was like a bite
diamonds half of my teeth
probably
what else one of these has kills bad
breath so
like a toothbrush godless or smoke a
dildo Oh stick it in your ass and it
turns all kinds of ways so where's the
money get one of these
I don't like electric toothbrushes I
hate him where does the best toothbrush
here I would get this okay I'm gonna
brush my tongue all right you have to
start doing that Michael okay so I am
going to try and use some of this
mouthwash cuz'
oh all right oh it's not like almost not
a gotten at all I bit my tongue you're
nasty man I tried to get cleaned out
there was more that earlier you think
it's gonna burn No all right it's not No
down the hatch what that's for drinking
man god oh god it burned only foot oh my
god whew
now I don't retract doesn't burn
oh I use the cute Oh quiet worm hey look
down some fruit roll balls gonna eat I'm
holding it right probably tom that's sad
I am watching the King of the Ring
tournament and the WWE Network I'm in a
much better mood right now my tongue
will get a light on this oh yes
I fucked my tongue up all I'm trying to
do is get some of that food and I fucked
my tongue up and now the bump on my
tongue is making it hard to talk this
sucks
so I still don't know why dad got this
for me if you can't hear it in my voice
it's hard to talk because of my tongue
but dad has still not explained why he
gave me this he said it's like it when
he gets a restraining order on me I can
still look at him
so anyway I'm gonna get out of here it's
hard this Hawk cuz this yeah so thanks
for making fun of me I greatly
appreciate my self-confidence
diminishing so thanks for watching you
guys I'm going to get out of here it's
like this therefore why some news I have
a anyway I'm out of here try to make it
a little bit of a longer vlog today prob
about 12 minutes or so let me know in
the comments if you like them a little
longer a little shorter let me know I'm
gonna get out of here like subscribe
favorite karma in a bit I should not
have eaten that food I know right that's
it
