what's going on you guys get me out of
camera here for Joe us here right there
is this our first intro
since dad died like like this it feels
like kind of like it might be guys this
is strange actually
it's yeah guys today is Sunday and today
Kimberly's going home and I'm going out
to dinner with psycho dad I'm a juggler
nuggets if you haven't seen any of the
stuff that's been going on baby and this
is your first time here in a while I had
to be the bearer of bad news and let you
guys know that anger ground Paul passed
away
I don't know long ago it was My Mind's
in like a fog right now but guys
grandpa's past and this whole like past
couple of days has just been number one
moving that's been the most important
thing you know
keemstar came and game drops came and
like family came and everybody that came
thank you so much everybody that came to
the service thank you so much it's meant
the world like to the whole family I
know it meant everything to you oh I did
I feel like everyone that came to the
service really took our minds off for
the moment and it's about to get hard
yes because today we're taking Kim to
the airport and today everybody's going
home so it's just us and I don't be by
ourselves
now look fortunate Amaro's vlog guys
today is Sunday dad I love you so you
guys know this is what I'm gonna be
doing during the outro from now on every
outro I love you dad let's keep this
Sunday started let's take him to the
airport love you dad
she needs really big hugs like that can
you give her a really big one miss
you're a big hug what is that that's
them now is the biggest how you could
give why can you got to give her the
biggest one now in the hug Lily they
just become one person we're gonna take
dad to Strawberry Fields and their ever
Falls I want to be there for that good
idea that's a good idea
I know we could do don't get to see
where I live
sorry we were all had to get together
such horrible circumstances the dad's
watching down and he wants us all to
keep it together you know Doug you know
you're gonna start getting pranked now
right oh yeah he's moving the good thing
about Doug is dad had those like evil
intentions so Frank is back Doug can so
I think I'll be I got the fans with me
buddy
hey they sending me stuff hopefully one
of them's a grilled cheese recipe
good Doug you're not gonna win that I
promise to God when dad's you know what
I just figured out who we need to have
to judge it no game drops then a real
food reviewer already got no cuz he'll
be no no let me tell you something
he has crap when everything that I tried
to feed him this trip I fed him the the
Italian bistro and he said that the
sauce was like red water okay I took him
to kick a chicken and he said that the
chicken wings were slimy as the floor so
he's gonna be partial yeah you're good
I'm sorry I just like out of my way
okay well this portion is over you guys
yeah watch I'm going with you so tell
Doug why I'm like directing your goodbye
but all right you guys can say goodbye
now oh man
iliza wins cutest child ever jeez man
all right if we have a kid and there's
not a third that cute I'm gonna be angry
let me to cover the lens okay Bridget
it's ours now Eliza is ours daddy are we
gonna keep her name shall we change her
name like their defects one big hug joke
I'm just pranking you I saw a booger
bubble take her prank to four girls
thank you for coming
I can't hold Jack Syria thanks for
coming you want Spencer keys
like a bug
our bike YUM all right no I'm kidding
cheap okay he gets it she believes it
ooh sorry sorry I had to be like this
but
come on bridgie hugs
see you next time
Thank You Willie
and they do let me flight info lady Joe
you know
I shall lock him in I think the worst
thing just happened I thought yeah this
rose by the South literally about to say
this turning to you like something worse
happens I'm gonna be honest I'm sad
Kim's gone I love her but after what we
just went through losing the most
important person in my life I can't cry
over this I know it's like she's only
leaving but what's here it really puts
things into perspective dad love you
watch over Kim in the flight let's go
home Kim's gone now we're going to
dinner with me juggle minutes am i
filling myself at all I hope you know
Jesse when you told me you were gonna be
here at 3:30 so we could go to halls
chop house for four I expected you to be
here he's probably busy Jesse you
promised me cream corn okay
you promised me steak you promised me
potatoes okay you promised me dinner at
hall's chili just tweeted what he's on
his way back to New Jersey
what Frank you're sick okay you are as
sick as they come yeah anyway guys well
way to go mcjuggernuggets right now he's
taking us out to dinner dude you know
I'm joking about being mad you guys
obviously I appreciate it
- no N I know right now we were looking
around our yard because we're thinking
about planning someone the flowers you
guys sent because face it so much $8,000
worth of flowers and plan
$8,000 with the flowers and plants I saw
one of them was like a little mini like
tree like a pine tree or something like
a Christmas tree guys we're gonna try to
find this places to plant stuff so we're
looking around I like this big uh like
thing in our yard you don't I mean like
towards the front and maybe by the shed
we're probably not gonna like do
anything with this you know means like
our giant bush
yeah well like over here I like that
also we could do something by the barn
miss dad dad can you give me a sign blow
the wind on the trees what here where I
said I saw one would it go over here
where where I don't think I saw it right
there oh my god
what are the odds that Bridget oh dear
so much were the odds of that I know
that is so was it weird that we asked
for a sign and it saw a deer yes we saw
a whole family a deer dad couldn't be
all the deers
who else would happy dad grandma
Charlene his dad running free ah today
is marks one week what today marks a
week it's been a week
it doesn't like feel like a week kind of
feels like a day
thanks dad
Thank You grandpa does it get easier
ah I want cream corn
she just subject I want steak okay yeah
I want steak and Combe corn and what are
you gonna get it
I don't know Jessie you need to get here
what I'd be crazy and thinking that was
a sign no I think it was a sign how
often do we see deer I've never seen
deer here during the day ever ever look
guys I'm not one to believe but I'm more
open lately and when something like that
happens you got it you gotta at least
absorb it in yeah I mean that was like a
bunch of deer it was and I love deer
I've always wanted to see them I never
get to see I've never seen one in the
day ever actually yeah I've never like
sort of thought they were nocturnal
yeah I've seen like roadkill deer but
I've never seen actual live deer during
the day way to kill the moment roadkill
okay wait sitting here at dinner with
mcjuggernuggets today psycho dad
she had the most expensive steak with
lobster she's gone crazy she was gentle
does it I had her lobster shipped for
our anniversary she like two lobster
tails it was at I hate long time now she
ordered one
well these using some bread yeah she's
eating crust we're gonna clean woman did
you get that from the other table any of
this
Amira's got a show he's gonna use that
three times
Jeff's bone is lighting up with water I
appreciate you taking us out afterwards
you're everyone the bill is gonna get
flipped on to them when they walk out
let's go to LEDs 400 cover the lens
if you wouldn't mind a quick slice
it really does
okay what are you doing he's writing now
like it tell me that's not a bunch of a
stinger
really good
Oh
guys if you want to see what happened
watch this dudes video yeah
battle hump them and sprayed everywhere
we're not gonna get into it that's as
much as an arc that's an absolutely
seriously love you dad
I love you guys to my height seriously
dad loved you man I thought you know you
were showing me some of the text
messages from tonight you even have yeah
we kept in touch this we met and I just
kept seeing your dad a friend forever
yeah and it's it's really hard and
whenever he's around you try not to let
the emotions get to you but you know
thanks a lot man yeah I'm like you guys
made it a lot easier for me to do this
they're always here if you ever need
anything from us you know that pretty
soon your birds are breaking away from
some real Phil oh wow just everywhere I
look it's dad right I was a reminder dad
help me get the house you know dad went
to this store down the street dad's
favorite chicken place was my favorite
chicken place so it's gonna be different
so his favorite checkers last night I
was gonna cry we had checkers because
like like that was his place you know so
yeah I'll probably never eat there again
okay fine I won't eat there for a while
right now it's painful but eventually
we're gonna you're gonna go in to smile
to have all the we have all these videos
you don't mean and do guys have the
connection that me and my dad had so
yeah there are a few people get out like
you guys get it have been through the
the gamut of YouTube and that that arc
and you know it was just a lot of fun
last year when we got to do me and my
dad knew and your dad it was like a
really special yeah I think I'm so happy
that happened yeah seriously you know I
gave you some advice in the end we give
to a camera you know my biggest thing
was to not have any regrets don't leave
any with him no regrets don't do care
for each other you don't know cuz you
don't know what it'll end
you
