first I don't be showing these pants
they're cute I'm like a fucking
Applebee's lime cooking them come on
Clyde
I don't want to be filmed today stop
being sad you have to do a vote today
I'm probably doing later or something my
mom is on her way and we're going out to
lunch and Michael refuses to come please
go not please go with us I don't want to
go it's your favorite restaurant all
garden yeah
don't want to go bring back your chicken
yell kazoo
I can do that I wish you'd come with us
I don't want to be filmed today why are
you doing this hey Clyde give you guys
okay don't listen to her Christ chunky
even hurt me oh he can't hurt nothing
Michael oh what's all this you really
haven't moved are you serious what is
this
I got you food I'm not hungry just take
it
Maple Ridge I'm not gonna eat just go
sell the counter
you gotta get over this sit on the
counter please I'm not gonna eat it
you're welcome
Thanks
fuck your dad mm okay thank you goodbye
Oh
what oh you are hungry come on dude I
knew it
and do anything I knew it oh my god
God Neal mom
what's this oh my god chicken chicken
gnocchi your fave fun you caught me
feel better yes damn well it is about
1:00 in the morning watching Monday
Night Raw on DVR just started my thing
to do Monday night I didn't feel like
watching it when it was on the air just
not in a good mood today still pissed
off about yesterday
Bridget tried to bring me um Olive
Garden and all that and I didn't eat it
I didn't want nothing to do with it
just sort of laid around went to sleep
laid on the couch for people wondering
what happened after the vlog yesterday
uh ran off so what about pussy I ran off
went home bitched a little bit tried to
call daddy wouldn't call me back I asked
everybody on Twitter whose fault it was
people feel generally it was dad's fault
so yeah I take that back relief it was
dad's fault but anyway I don't have much
to offer this vlog today because it's
really not a good day for me it's
already going on 1:30 I did however get
this in the mail so I'm going to open it
so there's a shot inside it got a shirt
right here let's put it aside and let's
go ahead and start looking around I
could see Kevin Smith right there I
could see his eyes Ghostbusters
collectibles put that aside so let's
just go right to the book Kevin Smith
tough shit life advice from a fat lazy
slob who did good that's kind of like oh
my vlogs are life advice from a fat lazy
slob who did bad tUFF SHED so thanks for
the stark reminder that I'm a piece of
shit Kevin Smith I will read your book
however we got another pack of these
nerd play cosplay cards I don't like to
open these I like to just collect them
keep them to the side but another pack
of these cards the next thing is this
pac-man heat change mug icons appear
when hot that's cool so it is a mug and
when the caught when it gets hot the
icons appear let's try this out
oh you can see him starting to come in
how cool is that
so look at that starting to fill in now
okay that's pretty cool dude that is one
of the cool things I've gotten in one of
these crates so here comes the
Ghostbusters collectible now nerve block
actually wrote me about this look at
that this is exclusive to nerd block
which means you can only get this if you
have nerd blog and here is the shirt it
is a Back to the Future shirt this is
the DeLorean and it says 88 miles per
hour so let's get in my DeLorean and gun
it to 88 that is pretty cool this is a
good vlog we got a Back to the Future
shirt Kevin Smith book the cards the
Ghostbusters exclusive and that pac-man
heat change mug which is the coolest
thing I've ever gotten in one of these
parades I just sort of check in the
footage and Bridget apparently did
record me eating the Olive Garden so I
lied to you a few minutes ago and I said
I didn't eat it
that she brought me food that I didn't
want I lied so what I've been depressed
I'm gonna be getting out of here in a
few minutes I just wanted to open up the
crate tell you guys how my day was
tomorrow will be better he'll get over
it
but it sucks I don't like arguing with
my dad I don't like fighting I don't
like it I texted him earlier said I was
sorry
he didn't respond so oh wow I'm gonna
get out of here sorry if it's a short
vlog a lot of people have been getting
mad at me because I'm posting shorter
vlogs within like the 7 & 8 minute range
but I did see some other people that
were saying you know they want shorter
vlogs and I can see the merit in both
longer vlogs or shorter vlogs I don't
know sound off in the comments let me
know what you guys like more do you like
the longer vlogs do you like the shorter
vlogs it also depends on what I'm doing
in the day if I'm like today I didn't do
anything I really didn't do anything
today I didn't feel like getting out of
bed this would have been one of those
days I didn't upload a vlog but I'm
feeling better now that it's 2:00 in the
morning
so feeling a little bit better
just watching wrestling but let me know
in the comments do you like longer vlogs
do you like shorter vlogs I love to hear
from you guys I loved her you know read
all your comments I do want to take a
minute and say congratulations to
mcjuggernuggets 1 million subscribers
you did that fucking quick dude super
super super quick congratulations
someone coming that you Bridget my house
is fucking haunted modulations book
Joker nuggets uh please come save me
from the haunted house because I'm
hearing shit anyways yeah
congratulations from one fat fuck to one
skinny fuck congratulations
less of a congratulations because we do
have fucked-up families you're living in
a fucking RV right now I'm living
without a father life sucks but
congratulations for the 1 million dude I
am wearing a fricking Paul Heyman wife
beater right now yeah those exist I
think some one of the subscribers sent
this home but anyway thanks for watching
you guys
hopefully tomorrow is a little bit
longer for you hope with tomorrow's a
little bit better more entertaining just
been depressed I am but I am a pickle on
his back so thanks for watching you guys
like subscribe favorite and that's it
