here I'll be out of here in 10 minutes
let me just help clean the mess Michael
stop no yeah detail with you I'm here we
said leave he wants you gone
what about your daughter you're going to
take your daughter on I like this she's
okay if I'm here Michaels here fine
princess hit the road - just let us help
we got it whatever do your the other
fucking family dude hey I hate your dad
just stay here with your dad how about
that all right
might be bad you just keep going my god
when I walk
you want to crawl
this is not right
I should probably go with him huh I had
you blame me for this dog yeah gee this
is awkward I want to go home I want you
to apologize my dad I'm not apologizing
to me he was he was respecting your dad
because they're friends my dad didn't do
anything to deserve that what did I do
to him you said you said fuck my family
even hear it
I did not opening the door for me
I'm trying to leave now I'll come back
on coughed on no you're not do wait stay
there for a minute I'm not going nowhere
how about that
can't call the cops on him I might want
to lease yeah so you're gonna have to
deal with me right now I just want to
talk I'll pack my shit Nelly come on do
it why is it like this
why how many time you want me to get
annoyed Leiter's why lies later that's
what a fuck is like it is that's fine
but you won't even know you have it how
about I mean on the city dead to us how
about my ps4 my table my TV do I get a
vote
do I how about that yeah you're right I
hope the tattoo hurt how about that how
about turning goddamn thing oh we're
done Michael are you gonna let my boys
let my girlfriend oh no no no no already
come here
thanks agree that's welcome in we are
cleaning that fucking fast Michael you
get your ass on my house Michael get
inside around Lise
I said no
I just want to chat MIT I've been
telling that Jada but I'm damned to be
Clint's the mess why don't you leave you
said I could come back next week and
we've talked that's all next week so
come back next week yeah next week we'll
be back on all right go ahead chief
whatever you don't like me left out here
come on Bridget yeah get out here here
we make up wait your dad let me push me
out dad he sold you out now oh now you
still feel bad for your dad cause he
sold you out myself this is your fucking
house to call the cops
Bridget I'm trying to work shit over
here but he doesn't mean we should just
go bother cause oh my
now I'm pissed Michael come here I got
to tell you something you know damn well
your dad isn't reacting you know damn
well he deserves a fucking tattoo oh no
ok he will come around but now I'm kind
of pissed off that my dad is actually
his friend that much she's willing to
kick me out - that's bullshit let's go
home dude you're banging around in there
when he comes around
ignore him hmm
come on leave huh leave
yes let's go home let's go out to eat
fuck this well wrong Sunday dinner Jew -
truck right were you shocked
hey penciled me no I don't do that to
your dad's man don't do that to my dad's
truck clean it now you've sold me out I
wash mine no no no no I just have
respect for my dad still yeah I'll do
that
how about that thank you thanks my girl
here dude
he spit on your truck what are you doing
dad
you got me
well believe it we're just peeking over
here we're leaving um I don't know what
the fuck just happened what have been
nice to eat some seafood but whatever
stunk in there your house smelled like
fish yeah we gotta go get something to
eat so freaking happiness I just want to
go home was good McDonald's or something
to take home just heart pizza I don't
wanna go to enjoy leaving dad's house
right now he flipped his shit flipped
the table I'm telling you right now
Michael I'm not driving back over there
is that table broken blue esy another
hyerin gave a shit of it is
