what's going on you guys kid behind the
camera here bridge the West not here she
just walked outside as I started
recording today is Saturday last night
because of what grandpa did and if you
have not seen the video click the little
ball or the ball I don't know which way
it's gonna be
hover over the video look for the little
ball that pops up and click it
that is yesterday's vlog where grandpa
called the police I think he called the
police I haven't talked to him since I
got my ass out of there so yeah that was
yesterday's video if you haven't seen it
check it out because of that we didn't
get to go to the movies last night or
buy to do that right now we're going to
see that ex Mishima should be good and
then later I think I'm gonna have
Bridget call grandpa and find out what
his problem is so that's today Saturday
Sunday
is it Saturday and Saturday and we're
celebrating collides birthday
his birthday was March 28th but you're
not in California and so we decided to
wait and he's getting ice cream ice
cream for Clyde it's all natural and
sweet potatoes and stuff fell like Oreo
ice cream oh yeah little sneak preview
velop sneak preview 200 they give it
together
hey you lazy how do you a sneak preview
the delicious Bella Oh Bella ate it too
quick holy crotch is still gonna get
brain freeze
then we got a little happy birthday good
keeping Clyde happy birthday guys like
fuck the cookie back together I'll take
the cookie actually you go buddy Belle's
got a big cookie of daddy hey K this
elephant oh yeah you go
should we do some of the telescope box
this won't leave it there well I mean so
I was thinking earlier how embarrassing
it was for that part of the blog
yesterday where I was like I won and I
didn't win I lost I can't explain why he
gave me a telescope grandpa dad why did
you give me a telescope first of all
maybe he knows that I fear looking into
the sky because he does know that I am
afraid to look in the stars but I do
like telescopes I can look at the stars
at those people around me so I don't
know why he would have given me a gift
like that yes I'm going to dinner he
can't ban me from Sunday dinner we're
gonna call him in a little while we're
gonna find out what the deal is
where's the camera cuz I don't know
where my I should go so Bridget and I
are here to see X machine ax
there's no so we just got back we
Bridget and I just got back from X
machine ax must see you guys gotta sit
it was a good movie dude it was amazing
Wow
if you get a chance to see it go see it
it's like it's what it's probably in my
top 10 it was amazing it's not in my top
10 I'd said that during the movie it
might be so that in my top 10 it's
pretty good would you rate it movie
standpoint 8 out of 10 I would rate at
9.5 out of time it's good it's close to
a 10 I'll say it's amazing oh god it's
amazing the only problem I had is the
last two minutes could have been kind of
helped but you know what it was good but
even though it was still good like it's
okay it was there but I see your point
having said all that as I told you guys
earlier
I'm gonna call grandpa well bridge is
gonna call it because those two seem to
actually be talking to each other so
we're just gonna talk like something he
has to me how many pounds of shrimp you
get I'm kind of the seafood shit man
okay hurting you okay so bridges about
to call grandpa I'm gonna see what's
gonna happen if I show up tomorrow
why do you Michael you can't do that you
know Michael's your son you should
really forgive him what is the deal here
dude
that's gonna be about it for today you
guys I'm gonna get out of here I'm going
to die at Sunday dinner let me tell you
that much if you watch bring some hot
dogs
I'll eat some hot dogs with you see you
tomorrow pop thanks for watching you
guys like subscribe favor favor favorite
I can't talk I'm so pissed I love you
guys check out X there's no time for
that stuff dad I'm gonna see you
tomorrow point-blank all calm down no
calm down
see you tomorrow
