what's going on you guys QB on a camera
here and today's vlog is still not
sponsored by Kellogg's crunchy nut nuts
in every bite golden honey flake nut
cereal today is Friday it's fried do not
bring that back oh boy Rebecca Blyton's
to stay where she is this fuck day
Friday I think tonight Bridget and I are
going to see some robot movie yeah
what's it called X X X machine ax or
something like must you turn on the sink
while I'm vlogging so today's Friday
gonna chill Bridget I'm gonna try to
call grandpa again and that's it let's
get this Friday started and if you can't
hear the dogs are getting that drink
Bridget was referring to yeah they were
thirsty cameras Anya hey guys subscribe
what did you say did you see this
telescope says Mike on it it's fucking
heavy what the fuck
solve this and thought of you
AGP ladies for thought I mean it's
raining now
it wasn't ringing before
did you not think I was gonna call when
you leave something on my porch with
another since all this and thought of
you
should I open it yeah it's for you
what is it looks like shit in a box or
something you sat it on the porch
why don't smell nothing how do you know
what to do I don't know why just slowly
really gave me a telescope that's pretty
cool man
does have a GPS know what's doing really
cool wait we should wait until it's dark
I'm appointed at the sunlight I was just
setting it up oh this isn't the way the
points this is that's why I'm seeing
greens look at the grass Oh a shit that
was close Bela was like what is this
thing you trying to figure it out Bela I
think you've got something to take care
of her I don't need a babysitter
why is he pointing at her she does
that's it Bela
so what is the deal she's trying to
apologize he doesn't talk to me for a
week
is it bit over a week however long it's
been he hasn't talked to me and then he
just drops off a telescope on my porch
after grandpa left that little present
at the house I am on my way maybe maybe
there's a little silver lining maybe we
can work then
what do you think maybe dad and you
couldn't hold out too long I knew it I
knew it I knew it
grandpa made the first Ben in his little
it's a little business tactic the first
one to talk loses grandpa dropped off a
telescope and he lost and I have one
where grandpa's house and I tell him
he's lost dad
I see him you start playing loud music
I see him at the table I can't see him
on camera
dad
what okay dad you got me the telescope
let me in what is this what you what
five four three I'm getting in here
let's go put the camera down well we're
getting arrested no we're not come on
see what now you won't Oh
I told you she's gone all these women
doors open dude you wanna go hang door
should we you're on the lease what is
wrong with you you gave me the telescope
go
