what's going on you guys kid be on a
camera here and know today is not
sponsored by Kellogg's crunchy nut
cereal so let me move that to the side
today is Thursday which means it's
throwback Thursday which means you'll
get enough throwback Thursday story I
told you guys all week I was going to
tell you the story of another time that
grandpa got super pissed off at me for
no reason and stopped talking to me for
a couple of weeks last night was the
Kevin Hart show if you haven't seen that
vlog click the little ball right there
you won't see the ball hover over the
video very good now the ball is right
there that links to the other video and
that's it gonna tell my throwback
Thursday story and whatever else happens
and then I'm gonna eat me a nice
delicious bowl of Kellogg's crunchy nut
cereal nuts in every bite well it's been
weeks I ordered these before I went to
Wrestlemania Bell I won't let you store
this one I ordered these a couple weeks
ago I went to Wrestlemania so I can have
some wrestling shirts to wear
WrestleMania it never came just came
today so let's open this up I can't wait
to wear to the big event of course I got
another version of this cuz I had to
have it cuz I'm a Paul Heyman guy
there's a new Paul Heyman guy shirt out
by the way I'm not to get that hmm I
came out after the fact
next Kevin Owens in xt7 Rawlins
Finn Balor I like this one that one's
pretty cool yeah that was pretty cool oh
I like those warm come on fashion show
yes hit him with an f5 yeah so Hardy
feel it and it makes life put it over
their shoulder just like an F sag study
man going down up in man's wish I know
that I win and I know that I'm holding
insider advantage that last oh fuck I
said no reaction we can take a screen
from the start set it ain't gong to be
they're gonna hit him with a shoulder
talk hey ma'am no saw spinning flip him
and we gotta get him over Brooke then we
leave it like a covers mani phone no
first I hated winning me in the ring
ring any Mary to the sheets let him
sleep Travis so Clegg something so that
was it that was your fashion show that's
the office flying on the TV behind me
got on my Kevin Owens shirt yeah man
let's go anywhere so I can show up my
clothes okay no I'll stay here no
Michael no I'm tired II give me false
hope I want to leave the house we want
to go movies there's other plan let's go
Walmart so we got a client just sleeping
right there
and where's Bella here's a fella
sorry for waking you out girl you go
back to sleep
lazy wanted I think I localized up five
lazy mutts a fella want it alright go
get it
who's getting it Bell has won Frisbee
supremacy if she can only get it off the
ground
gave a card you want that one you open
it I want it I think he does know buddy
go get it I don't either all of it so I
told you guys I was going to tell you a
story about the last time grandpa got so
pissed off that he didn't talk to me now
this story you're about to hear is a
much stupider reason the reason he's not
talking to me now but it just goes to
show grandpa can't hold on to a grudge
he can be pissed off and vindictive when
he wants to be for this story we're
gonna go all the way back to when I was
12 years old I think 12 13 11 I don't
know the fleamarket days every weekend
grandpa and I would go to the flea
market we go to the barnyard flea market
in Colombia I told you guys about this
before grandpa would sell bells and rugs
and candy and anything that he could get
his hands on and he'd sell them and we'd
go to the flea market every weekend we
do it with Colombia being a very
Christian state sunday was one of the
busier days for the flea market because
people would go to church they would
leave church and they'd come to the flea
market to browse and talk and hang out
be a family while people like me were
being ripped apart at the flea market
more on that in a minute so every
weekend about noon grandpa would look at
me alright let's go get some goddamn
good because I'm fuckin hungry as shit
and I'd go and I'd get our food on
Sunday it was a little more strict
because we needed it by one o'clock
because that's when the churches would
usually let out so dad gives me 20 bucks
and he says alright give me a double
cheeseburger
ask you with onion rings all the way
give me a chili dog with onions Oh get
me a fish sandwich with fries a large
sweet tea she wouldn't come for dessert
so I look at him
are you sure 20 bucks is enough because
you're asking for a lot of tomatoes
goddamn pretty goddamn cheeseburger you
put a dollar yeah fucking right so I go
to the fucking flea market diner I look
at the shit double cheeseburger with
fucking onion rings five fish sandwich
five something sweet five sweet tea for
hot dog - I didn't have enough for all
this shit
so I had to decide do I eat or do I not
eat and I'm a fat little shit I wanted
to eat so I got me a double cheeseburger
no fries no drink just a double
cheeseburger and I go back and I bring
dad a double cheeseburger a hotdog and
something sweet that did it that set the
old man off dad's eating his double
cheeseburger eats his hotdog and then he
sees it where's my god damn fish
sandwich you didn't give me enough I
told you goddamn that's the only reason
I said yeah I wanted a goddamn fish god
damn sandwich he's freaking out I tell
him give me another couple of dollars
and I will go get you the fish sandwich
he ain't having it he takes all the shit
those into the back of the truck and we
leave the flea market the whole ride
home he's not talking to me you still
mad dad regret the day you shut up
market Yury my kid you ain't you ain't
my kid we get home and two horrible
weeks with anger grandpa pursues we're
talking about all of a sudden he wants
to go out to eat Chinese come on Tina
let's go get some Chinese I'm coming you
sit your fat ass down and he leaves
dad can I come speeds off dad WCW comes
on tonight can i watch it if he can't
tell that's him putting on something he
wants to watch saying fuck me he just
ain't telling me so
and it went on like this for two weeks I
think it to watch wrestling I didn't get
to go out to Chinese I didn't go to go
to Walmart I didn't go to the flea
market the next weekend I didn't get to
do shit because I forgot that fish
sandwich finally after two weeks he
decided to start talking to me again
come on you fat motherfucker let's go to
the free market I was a static yes
finally my father's talking to me again
I can go to the flea market and so we go
to the flea market and lunch happens and
dad says here's $20 I want a fish
sandwich I want a double cheeseburger
and I want a hotdog and see his day got
something sweet and he got every goddamn
bit of it I didn't eat that day sorry
dad come on
I didn't eat that's gonna be it for
today you guys I just want to tell you
that story he can hold a grudge let's
see we'll see if this one's less than
two weeks dad I'm sorry
I know you watch my vlogs I'm sorry so
anyway thanks for watching you guys
that's gonna be it
like subscribe oh damn mom horseman
telling that story like subscribe
favorite and that is it
love you guys I love you more I love you
more I love you dad
