what's going on you guys fat fuck behind
a Kevin Hart ticket here that's right
I'm going to Kevin Hart tonight this is
the what now tour and North Charleston
is going to the Coliseum I'm gonna be
checking that out tonight I can't though
him inside it you're not allowed to do
that but I can show you my seats I will
show a little bit I just can't show
Kevin Hart on stage but either way me
and Bridget Bridget and I are going to
the what now tour and North Charleston
I'd try to give myself a little trim
clean myself up a little bit I know that
phone and that's it all I'm doing today
is going to the what now tour no first
we're going to Staples so we're going to
Staples we're going to the what now tour
maybe go to dinner oh we're not allowed
in CeCe's because so maybe I don't know
here we go what now
he gets really sad every time we come
here
just seeing what has happened to trail
what it's go on this was our little home
and it's gone but we're gonna pass
through this way so I'll point the
camera a trailwood and we're pulling out
we're just looks like they're finally
doing something to it
that is trailwood now
while I wait you're gonna do a little
plug for us for the next person using
this
check us out so we're at Staples getting
our tickets printed
I'm so excited I'm so scared
sorry that's a singer but yeah I'll get
this I wanted to get front-row tickets I
was gonna get them Umbridge was like
don't get front-row what if he picks on
us so I had to get third row if you make
fun of us you makes fun of us so does
everybody else
well we are here at the Kevin Hart
concert as this foot set here's the
Colosseum we'll be going in soon but
first I had to share this with you as
per why I won't be showing my seats now
and if I do I got to be a sneak about it
important information regarding the
Kevin Hart concert this show has a very
strict policy on the use of phones and
cameras over the quest of Kevin Hart
what now tour the use of phones cameras
and recording devices of any kind is
strictly prohibited while inside the
Colosseum texting tweeting photographing
and talking are not allowed anyone
caught doing so will be asked to leave
the building and will not receive a
refund thanks Kevin that is so much just
too much what the Mormon was not
horrible so we get kicked out what now
get it
and our warning not to report anything
we're you get a shot at everybody in the
line
oh my god it's citron
it's super-awkward to point your camera
in any direction with those people just
got out Kevin Hart what now
it was a great time I love that suddenly
five everybody is now leaving the
Colosseum I think I think Michael liked
that a little more than I did
Bridget hated it I didn't hate it
where's your hating it now I mean there
are some parts that just just weren't so
funny Tim no see I loved all the parts
almost like he's vlogging let's fuck
that out well but I mean I really
enjoyed I was really fun thanks for
taking me she hated it so yeah I thought
we might be having that car we got
approached by some young and tonight I'm
the one always taking the pictures yeah
nobody wants nobody wants Bridget and a
picture ever
nope the last guy actually gave you a
sympathy shake he did he was like he was
like can I get a picture of you Michael
my cab please get in the picture and it
looks at Bridget it was nice to meet you
too it walks away
you're unlikable okay it's cool that's
the whole thing you know that's the
whole thing you were unlikable and
that's okay it's cool but so fun on
everything because I wear this shirt and
then unfollow no anything we are leaving
what now
I'm gonna find me so fast cuz I got to
get some food fast I just I got two
drinks in the car never try and come cuz
I'm cool like that that's the whole
thing that's so that's what it is you
won't get that long way he didn't use
that nope it was
it's fun I'm really happy we was he
killed it he said he's gonna come back
every year you better
they were super strict about the
recording in there they did say you have
permission to record and take pictures
before the show started which is why you
see some footage before the show starts
but once that show started don't you
fucking do it
we're checking the times and they're
getting kicked out yeah they were that
they were giving us announcements okay
there's been 15 people kicked out so if
you go to one of these Kevin Hart shows
seriously do not look at your phone
don't look at it
whoa what you going for hide there he
goes hey there big girl did you miss us
we wouldn't stop stand-up call me
tonight you me Paul if you missed this I
don't think she did well I think is that
what it says honeybells won't tell me a
thing which one needs a bill you missed
me
give me pop you missed me me and Bella
fish fanboy over oh oh you ate me well
that's gonna be it for today you guys
I'm home ready to settle down it's about
midnight nobody's going on one actually
it's 1250 ready to get to bed so I gotta
get this vlog edited I was hoping that
by the time I got out of Kevin Hart
grandpa would have texted me or
something he didn't tomorrow I'm gonna
tell the throwbackthursday story about
another time grandpa refused to talk to
me over something stupid this maybe not
be stupid but either way that's gonna be
it for today you guys went to Kevin Hart
met some of the young uns it was a lot
of fun had a really good time can't wait
to go to another stand-up so it was
great thanks for watching you guys like
favorite and that's it yeah that was
weird why'd you do it every time not
said but that is this weekend
that's it
