what's going on you guys get beyond a
camera here and today is Tuesday still
not talking to Grandpa
or rather Grandpa still not talking to
me so I'll talk to him he'll get over it
he's mad of course he's mad I pranked
him but it ain't like he wasn't gonna
try to prank me I'll get to that in a
little bit
grandpa had some plans for my tattoo as
well we'll talk about that just a little
bit grandpa I know what you were doing
but none of that's important what is
important is today is Tuesday these are
some flowers and a bra for Bridget
yesterday the ones I didn't want to show
on camera I just had to show them
because look at this crap hey Bridget
says they're really pretty didn't
anything like dr. Seuss flowers or
something you know like I can see this
being like growing in a field on an
inner dr. Seuss book anyway forget all
that
forgive them flowers let's get today
started Tuesday it's like a law has gone
over the house well ladies now up we got
a car just sitting there Bell wasn't
laid behind the table
how you doing girl she's supposed to be
left alone and you got it I'm gonna
leave you alone just like you want well
you know when we leave you alone okay
well loot crate it's a little one today
isn't this it's a little baby loot crate
look at all these are sighs no it's they
usually anyway maybe it's like a new
packaging style they're doing the dogs
are outside in the yard because I don't
want to repeat so loot crate shirt put
it aside it's red here we go first thing
what is this just like oh maybe for
something like a floating
it is it is a blow-up crown oh my god
it's from Black Tie geek oh okay
Harry Potter oh this is sick
this is a bad tag a Harry Potter bag tag
9 and 3/4 that's awesome
Kim will be jealous so this goes on my
bag and I can put my name and stuff on
it there's so cool that's I really love
that I'm actually taking it from you
next is the Princess Bride card deck
lots of Princess Bride fans this is a
deck of cards I wasn't gonna open it but
I think I might as well okay Bridget
pick a card any card
okay don't show me which feel free to
show the camera okay you got it
mm-hmm okay stick the card anywhere in
the middle of this day okay now then the
idea of the card trick is to just do
this and see if I can find your card so
was that your card yeah
yes the magical princess bride cards
Thanks pity cause a little bit impromptu
magic so I mean another trick hit me up
in Jillette you may not know me Penn
Jillette maybe I could teach you
something Game of Thrones magic card
magic Game of Thrones magnet said I
remember when I called a game of thorns
yeah I remember that it was a trivia
crack so yeah I'm a thorns
magnesite good check those out I don't
watch Game of Thrones but magnet
another Game of Thrones stark it's a oh
cool
that's neat this my friends I'll use
this ready for this it's Game of Thrones
USB god was what a crazy reaction I
didn't think that was a USB that is so
cool USB no idea what this is it's
pretty cool that whatever it is there's
probably I thinking that was probably a
symbol and so maybe I don't know what
this is if everybody knows let me know
in the comments okay I just downloaded
this app called cam find so I can see if
I can search by image maybe they'll tell
me who this is it would be so cool right
Dungeons and Dragons oh my god
that's pretty cool that's so oh it's
Dungeons and Dragons folks that's
amazing well being that it's all about
magic and fantasy let's have a little
bit of magic ourselves okay here we go I
did it really sorry just see that here's
the Dungeons & Dragons shirt
Bridget's asleep and it's just me and
Bella awake how you doing girl you look
better you just seen him happier
the vet says she's doing much better
with her cancer so there's your little
Bella update she's doing great great
girl what's that smile thought of my
hands is a cereal well that's gonna be
almost at for tonight but first I wanted
to talk to you guys about grandpa's
choice for my tattoo I've had a lot of
people saying oh you screwed grandpa oh
he you know they were you and nice to
each other but obviously that wasn't the
plan
grandpa tried to prank me too the first
example would be from video one where he
told me I should tattoo a dick and balls
one Bridget what do you what should we
get from Richard I want to get some
Peter was balls and right pink boys
bureau okay
we said we were gonna be nice to you I
am being nice if she you get her Peter
involves I couldn't make a pussy say
Francis
you know let's get her a crown or
something what do you think
Kiera so that got me thinking what a
grandpa want to do for me so if you
don't know the concept of the video was
we were each gonna choose each other's
tattoos no matter what that was dad
wanted to get Bridget a dick and balls
it was his choice to choose Bridget so I
tried to manipulate the situation dad
want to get her digging balls I said
maybe you should get a crown
according to Bridget grandpa's choice of
tattoo for me was he wanted to get a big
purple rubber dildo on my shoulder and
it was gonna say pickle fuck luckily for
me Bridget was the one choosing for me
because if it was dad choosing I was
gonna have a big dildo which leads to
the point he wanted to get a dick and
balls on Bridget he wanted to get a
dildo on me what makes him impervious
from a prank that's why I did it even
though I didn't know what he wanted to
do for me I did know what he wanted to
do for Bridget he was totally not gonna
live up to the we be nice to each other
thing he wanted to prank everything he
wanted everybody to be pranked he's the
one who got it having said all that he
still hasn't talked to me but he will
he's gonna get over it he does this all
the time Thursday I have a story for you
guys about another time where he gets
angry and decides he's done and he's
gonna be you that's gonna be Thursday
tomorrow night I'm going to a Kevin Hart
show Kevin Hart is coming to North
Charleston to the North Charleston
Coliseum doing the what now tour so
that's gonna be tomorrow gonna check out
Kevin Hart I don't think I'm allowed to
film inside the show I'm gonna try to
see what I can get away with either way
that's tomorrow night Kevin Hart and
that's gonna be it thanks for watching
you guys dad if you're watching this I'm
still sorry whatever anyway thanks for
watching like subscribe favorite and
that's it
