what's going on you guys fat fuck behind
fogging glasses here they're actually
starting to get less fogged as I said
out here so it really became kind of
pointless kid behind the camera here and
today is Saturday and number one
grandpa's tattoo video is up so check
out the link below check out the card
right here on the side a little dot
click that check it out and then watch
this vlog because this is all the extra
stuff that's all this vlog is gonna be
I'm not gonna have any life stuff I'm
gonna have this intro the other stuff
and an outro but first I wanted to
address the thing that I'm getting on
Twitter people are saying proof it's
proof gram angry grandpas fake because
you switched the guitar that's right if
you watch the first video you'll see
behind me when I'm getting my tattoo it
is a blue and white guitar and when
grandpa's getting his tattoo it's a
black and white guitar it's a conspiracy
this is your proof that it's fake
unfortunately not because this happened
both you bridges haha I'm a happy boy
gotta say fuck you bridges ami play your
thumb I'm taking a quit we did the
tattoos over the course of a few hours I
think we got there about 5 o'clock and
we left near midnight so it took hours
and within that time people started to
do other things I got my tattoo first
they was still daylight when that was
over people started doing their own
thing playing the guitars grandpa played
the guitar walked in with the guitar
shit gets switched around that's just
what happens so your smoking gun isn't
so smoky after all unfortunately the
other thing that I was getting I don't
think grandpa even got a tattoo how can
we didn't see him putting gel on it how
can we never saw the tattoo well now
you're about to cuz that's what the
point of this is a lot of people were
getting mad at because the video was so
short but I had to tell a story and the
story was just he's in pain tattoo he's
pissed off now this video is for all the
extra
including a couple of back shots where
he's getting the tattoo so here we go
get ready
aftermath extra scenes banned from the
tattoo parlor
oh good goddamn little kid goddamn going
mama get groceries Oh sir it's a little
kids yeah start goddamn bitch-slapping -
oh you're over you don't realize all
that laughing he did for us come on man
whoa
all this pain for all the fucking shit
tables you broke Playstations if I
Michael stole really fucking good right
now man oh yeah
Oh
we're moving you little fuckers can't
fucking help it the crazy thing about
getting a tattoo on your back cuz we
could be pranking Gotham right now I
need a wooden now I wouldn't but you
know I'm looking I'm serious man you
about done really yeah I really want
Scott can't take any more
no you dope you I mean he's got like
fucking maybe a half a square half-inch
of filling not much feel good buddy all
right dawn you know
Oh God God can't save you bro
you're my I gotta walk out of your idea
and goddamn fuckity again we'll have a
motorcycle I don't give a goddamn what
made you want to get a motorcycle
tattooed on you young one
it's a fucking done - yeah I'll do a
pink right now okay that's pink
whoa back up don't worry about it thank
you pink is hot pink nothing I got you
our big motherfucker it's red man you're
good you're good yeah is right how'd you
get the flame so detailed on the
motorcycle yeah I've been doing it for
real aims yes I'm in fucking yeah well I
told you I mean I'm fucking good man
it's tiny little bike but I'm gonna make
sure I do my angry grandpa you can't
piss him off we go do right yeah baby
your fingers bout mystique and no teeth
no this
Oh mother married whatever you fuckin
name is bitch
so the war fit death no however 2
million you get another set it fuck you
down here boom hi dad's almost done
nice job thanks I think your dad all
right
I think he has a permanent smell of an
ass though man cuz I can smell him being
this close
oh thank god you're done I don't know
man like that doing in with a god ah go
ah fuck you man holy shit he's living
with space like I'll pay for it you how
much was a guitar
600 bucks man I was like - pity fuck
today though man this fucking I know
he's gonna flip that hard dude neither
design you got me like shaking kind of
in fuckin shit I'm sorry dude but we
need to get him to a pity that's fucking
crazy now your dad's fucking man I think
your dad should replace that why should
we do it almost no fucking replace
somebody gotta replace that ship I'm
gonna replace it okay you should better
not be up on fucking YouTube man you
better not fucking do this
yeah somebody got mandus yes okay I said
it I would do it but you're a fucking
dead you'll get you'll get my boss to
prank your dad you get my boss to prank
your dad and fucking this this - what
did I say I would take care of the
guitar you got yeah he's put the fucking
thing in half dude Michael you die
newspaper box but if he doesn't I'm
gonna have you I will take care of it
you guys and then fucking dump trash man
this fuck man
this shit is not acceptable not at all
uh commands I'm fucking go small
procedure I can't fucking deal with this
your fucking guys fucked up oh man you
don't have to blame me for this dude is
okay I'm sorry
good prank it was your prank and he took
that shit out of north shop a mugging
y'all fucking asked me and here's how
this is why are you still even here
filming man we told you to fucking go
you guys can go sorry sorry love you
know this ain't been about you but you
fucking your family's bank
come on told go okay Bridget please go
oh hey don't bring this your fucking
dad's hat - get the fuck though dude I'm
sorry okay that's gonna be it for today
you guys hope you liked the video that
was some of the aftermath that was also
some of the deleted stuff a whole lot of
extra shit there for you guys to see
hope you enjoy it tomorrow all in my
grandpa's house I'll get them to show
the tattoo because we're going over for
dinner
our Sunday dinner that we have with
grandpa I'll get them to show the tattoo
if you go to my Twitter I posted a tweet
I posted about an hour and a half ago of
grandpa farting into the camera showing
the bottom part of his tattoo so check
that out but that's going to be it for
today you guys hope you liked it like
subscribe favorite no Bridget and that's
it
