how the hell am i standing on a milk
crate I'm still short of you is I got
gravity going against me and the fat man
keeps our shoulders our pain we stepped
a scale short I actually am next to him
you sat down and she followed you and it
looked like his head was cut off stayed
right with him so you see how bad this
kids ready
where's keemstar you know this moment I
forgot start some drama job like yeah I
got a problem with you name what's your
problem
nobody's gonna you're right to it it's
alright you better not wrong Hey Jesse's
got the problem yeah Jesse told me that
one always earns minutes don't since
you're acting was he was gonna cut you
out of the series yeah you know I'll say
good hours that's a problem with Jethro
I know man full fucking days you have
even though nothing real here
I think we've stumbled onto something
here or I think YouTube is also better
than I did a service situations hmm when
I was fed a little messed up twice not
one twice hey can we just point out real
quick how my collab with James did
better than Jessie's
what exactly is going on wontons this
issue just talk about my collab with dam
drops to do their own Jessie's well what
do you think about that Jessie feel like
shit you're gonna live in my shadow and
it's a big shadow see now you can't have
a hot dog for the action shot now I'm
thinking boy we are about to light up a
bunch of firecrackers the memory of dad
you want to throw the whole box in there
what
there's more coming I promise it's
coming there's like
that's telling it dude
if my team sorry you know if my house
that's on fire with you right because
ladies and gentlemen I hear that dr.
disrespects
was great Oh Oh drama oh this is bad I
won't say really great it is we had the
worst day of my life I mean is there
where samurais with great people you
know all the people that came together
for this day made the worst day of our
lives one of the make jug and eyes he
knows what dangers you know all the
people that have flowers all the family
Oliver flounders this
the jogger Mabel and cry because I arose
I just thought about me
you know I could have made it seriously
I'll just mean I could have made it with
this day without you guys that's right
my blog will connect to parfum that's
horrible really strong I thought we were
connected by food but we don't like the
same stuff that's good
which means we need to try his he's got
oh he's got a book coming out yes the
book March 13 2008 een even across
America
my version of the main scribble is
coming crazier they came up in Harlem to
get arrows we're gonna get it early and
we're gonna try some of the places in
dump we're gonna find out what you think
it's the bass we're gonna top we'll find
out on this man butter bro you should be
way bigger okay
you are tall and even doing good we're
going to the movies no one could hear
your name that's all I'm doing awesome
you're doing a good review guys I think
Adam moved it up right now
try to check out the new Star Wars movie
now we've grabbed us some tickets and
there are eggs tickets it's like advance
tickets allows you to have selects
eating that damn work out for us we're
in beef B means you're all to the side
the movie without being in the movie
just sitting too close Mike was like
let's go to the next show go over here
in line right now
keemstar as I hold up why stand in line
when we youtubers player you know say it
sonic you star got a plug to put in that
work to see if we can get up in there -
salute externally this how we move in
the youtube realm
we'll see if it works
before the group this guy secretary was
good job to get a picture sacrifices job
get a picture he's not a blown-out on
the job he pulled out a good pic with
popcorn so this is we might we might
pull this off I think so
team disappeared I think he's something
to a worm already he's taken back to
where they had the projectors good night
I don't know where where he went he's
gone oh he's company's coming nothing
they won't give us special favors you
got no clout no more bikini I don't know
I tried I tried to pull it no way he
can't get in team is not taking no for
an answer
he's going to try second time for us
this is intense call Rachel Ray we need
to look like she watches my video so I
feel like I feel like they spit in your
face the second time is that what hit it
I didn't even talk to her you think she
wants him Rachael Ray
everybody has to use their strengths now
she's off their blonde in middle-age she
looking tight I think she does Pilates
just look there it is there you go
Jessie Jessie started the slow clap
after the movie was over cool guys and
then I was still the only with the
clapping wait is there actually there
are there people there dude there's no
there's fans waiting for keemstar I want
to be like keemstar how you doing man
keep going keepo sleep and he's like
who's that guy
I should know weird like all these
people like yo your team star while
you're here have you got eyes pretty
dead yeah just right final destination
hopefully this is so good that it is the
final masturbation wrong winner this is
a drive-through window Keane shit yeah
if you get run over I'm filming I had
never been here before so you guys gonna
show me where to go alright this is what
I always just get it's like the
Baconator Wendy's but it's a long so
it's a lot okay hundred ten calories
your spicy chickens pretty song
no 800 calories I'm counting this so
probably not loaded milkshakes and
everything I mean Kate King we only got
our flight within a couple hours bro
okay what time is your flight dude I'm
gonna stay up my flight is at like 11:30
in the morning so I'm but the only one
brought think you can make it I think
you're getting sleeping oh yeah I'm
gonna probably stay up or maybe get some
sleep it doesn't matter you just up
right now cuz you slept all through that
movie dude no hid you slept a little
okay I've never seen a Star Wars before
and I know someone behind the scenes
right now watching this it's like oh my
god what you never seen Star Wars but to
add insult to injury is that good
that was a believable seizure let me
tell you their service in this place
that's how you know when you've
summarized there was money on there
after all obvious there's a chick in the
kitchen in the back of the kitchen right
there her eyes were all in the back of
her skull oh really
you're the one making oh this window is
open checkers I know a lot of you guys
love checkers a lot of you guys hate
checkers it is what it is
happens to be open it's like man it's
for early in the morning
hey man you guys hungry you want food I
was offered if you were hungry but what
is that that's the Sun all right
Oh like like this guys coming in our
teas back Wow am I on a blog or
something Yemen no I'm just not used
someone else
yellow buzz I feel like I was a shooting
I'm diving I'm the biggest target no
wait tape is nannies wearing red we're
good okay yeah no there's like a bull if
you see red they get pissed yeah we're
good
Jesse's eating my golf like he's and
just got out of jail I don't know he's
got shifts big fans of YouTube they
might be scared to even try it because
they saw this motherfucker shoot his dad
we got some grade-a stalkers here well I
appreciate you guys coming here round
figure we film our good-byes here
instead about the house it's uh you know
seriously you know none of y'all had to
come out for this but I appreciate it
like tremendously seriously we love you
bro I'm glad to be here yeah I was was a
good trip we got we got to get back
together again now to get that stuff
music I don't give a shit what you say
who the hell is this filming me right
now let's go jump up a bridge give me
the keys deal channel well guys
seriously thanks for coming man
you know dad what I loved it for you
guys whatever you need man seriously
unless is anything I won't do anything
actually we got to do it again though
seriously how all three of us game drops
go home Oh take us to Buffalo and kima
solo you review we got to do it I know
some spots smack the like button killer
Buffalo food review with team that was
him blowing his nose by the way
