what's going on you guys pickle fuck
behind an angry grandpa tattoo here and
today is Friday and I'm gonna do another
little flashback Friday because I forgot
throwback Thursday I'm gonna tell the
story that a lot of people have been
asking me about grandpa's tattoo and I'm
not talking about the new one I'm
talking about this one everyone always
asked me what is that tattoo
what does grandpa have what is it what
is it what's the tattoo what is it oh my
god does grandpa have a tattoo is that a
birthmark what is that you're gonna find
out tonight
angry grandpas first tattoo now he's got
to tattoo to tattoo so I'm gonna talk
about that tonight and my flashback
Friday a little excuse to you know
combat throwback Thursday I saw it
trending on Twitter and I thought don't
we have enough days that we flashback on
I'm also going to show you a little bit
of upkeep on my tattoo how you do it
maybe a lot of people don't really know
maybe I don't know maybe I'm fucking up
and doing it wrong but then either way
I'm gonna show you guys tattoo upkeep
when I go to clean this baby today I
don't know why I did that a little bit
of good news I just got off the phone
with the tattoo guys I was there
yesterday that's one of the reasons I
didn't vlog because I was talking to
them they don't me to film in the shop I
talked to them today we can use the
video so tomorrow as scheduled angry
grandpa getting his tattoo was going up
I had to get permission I had to pay for
the damages but it's handled we can use
the video they're totally cool about it
so thank you to artistic Inc for one
letting us do the tattoos in your shop
to letting us filming it letting us
filming out letting us film it and three
letting us use this video we're grandpa
destroys your fuckin shop so I'm getting
this Friday started first
I think Bridget and I are going with her
mom to a meat market the reason I'm
going is because me my sister were
having a discussion about back in the
day when we were kids grandpa would
always take us to this meat market and
we would get corn dogs and it's like no
other corn dogs are as good as those
corn dogs every time you would get corn
dogs cents at Walmart or you know buy
low or shit
that the corndogs just weren't as good
so I'm gonna go to the meat market I'm
gonna see if they have corn dogs so I
can show my sister welcome I'm sorry to
say they didn't have the ones there bees
will have a plastic man so I'm gonna get
me we'll have to try other meat markets
I let you down Kim I let you down so we
just wasted our trip we came all this
way to give the meat market and they
didn't have the corn dogs Kim I'm sorry
they don't exist my apologies no we are
here at Target and we're looking for
what and you run to the bathroom for yep
and I'm gonna look at the wrestlers I'm
gonna look at a lot of stuff I thought
fuck what's going on with us yeah did
somebody wipe her ass potala on target
okay that's uh that's pretty gross so
long farewell I'm get too hard this week
what every time I come here
the my sole reason for coming to target
is to look for the Razor Ramon action
figure ever fucking it's not here every
time I've ever come it's not fucking
been here have a say shit every time
born a third came no no now you down
pain is not a triplet oh they're gonna
be dude they're gonna be the red twins
I think I'll think of something for a
group name and now have three kings
so dear target please get the Razor
Ramon action figure because I can't
fucking find is nowhere that's not
before I doesn't Butera okay what is
this musical
Oh No here it is my farm
Brent thought of PC Wow
give me one you want one you have a Mac
company you work for me
okay where's the music um like dramatic
I don't know it's like going epic as I
get it Pekka boy gets GTA oh well I'm
home and it's time for me to wrong
tattoo time for me to clean up on my
tattoo a little bit as you can see it is
starting to get the peeling a little bit
so we'll go ahead and give it a little
bit of cleaning first got to get this
kind of soap can just use soap you're
gonna have to thump it foams Oh sick
Bridget oh so foamy soap so first give
me some of this foamy soap
gently wash the tattoo with the foamy
soap we get some warm water going get a
little bit of wash going to it you don't
want to soak it not get the tattoo
soaking wet
all ones do is rinse it a little bit now
come to dry it so a little paper towel
and you pat it dry you don't rub it
you just nice little Pat's the last step
is a and D now you don't to use too much
a and D if you do too much Andy it will
start draining the colors from your tap
to go and it's been gouged into clearly
pretty one say this for my burning
asshole and you may not be wrong so get
a little bit of Andy and we just plug it
ever so gently not too much you don't
want to lather it me Andy and there we
have it the tattoo has been cleaned I
got a little bit of a Adi pointment on
it not too much so I don't want to bleed
out all the colors and there it is well
that's going to be almost it for today I
say almost because I got two things
number one a friend of mine Isaac who
when I do the shut the fuck up and
listen radio show he is the co-host put
up a video where he pranks his wife she
likes to do these like makeup tutorial
videos uh uh this is you know how you
get this look and she'll show you how to
put like makeup on and shit maybe I
could use it I don't know but she does
these makeup tutorials and she takes
them really seriously so I was like hey
dude why don't you fucking like pranker
you know go in there and mess up her
tutorials while she's doing it and he
did it by throwing a pie in her face and
then he dumped flour on her while she
was in the shower so if you want to see
the video the link is below
check it out Isaac I think she would cut
you off after this one man and second
it's time for my flashback Friday story
so my flashback Friday story being that
tomorrow I'm putting out the video with
grandpa getting his tattoo I thought I
would answer the question that everybody
was asking me about what is the tattoo
that angry grandpa has which I will
first start by answering it it's an
angry grandpa logo now the way this
worked is exactly the way tomorrow's
video worked so a few years ago grandpa
had somebody come over and he was doing
home
tattooing if you got a copy of the angry
grandpa DVD which is really old and it
came out a long time ago but if you had
if you happen to get your hands on a
copy of the angry grandpa DVD there was
a video with grandma getting tattooed in
the kitchen she had like a heart and all
this stuff and we had the same guy give
grandpa a tattoo and he did it when a
live Ustream we went live on webcam and
for the people who've been here from the
beginning maybe you were there maybe you
watched it grandpa got a live webcam
tattoo and I don't know if you can find
the video online maybe you can go to
Ustream and people somebody might have
saved it I don't know but either way
grandpa got a live tattoo on Ustream and
he hated every second of it so it
started off dad was barking around the
house like he's a man I'm a biggish
goddamn man you were pussy ain't no Ted
you go hurt me cuz I'm a motherfucking
man so I challenged him get a tattoo and
he decided to do it and much like the
video tomorrow he let me pick the tattoo
and I didn't screw him over that's
tomorrow
I decided to get him an angry grandpa
logo this angry grandpa
actually which is like the first angry
grandpa logo we've ever had and that's
what it is that's what that little
blobby tattoo was so the time comes
grandpa is getting his tattoo and we're
live on webcam and here's dad come on
motherfucker
tip me up the guy takes the tattoo gun
starts touching grandpa's arm and the
goddamn he starts jerking and screaming
and the tattoo jams into his shoulder
and he fucks himself up and then he
continues he continues to get a tattoo
despite the fact that he's hurting and
he's crying oh good heart it was
supposed to have color in it didn't get
that far he got the outline of it he was
done live on webcam grandpa was fronting
like he's the man that she did hurt me
which oh dude Gilligan look at my arm
that is a no-show tattoo and then the
camera came off I went to bed the tattoo
guy went home and grandpa was left awake
by himself or so he thought
I was awake I walked into the living
room I walk in on grandpa at the table
and he's got a bag of ice on his
shoulder oh joke I did bed where you go
yeah so that was the story of grandpa's
first tattoo first everybody wanted to
know what it was it's the old anger
grandpa logo number two he was being a
little bitch about it
sort of like what he was for tomorrow's
video so keep your eyes open for
tomorrow's video
grandpa's tattoo blowout got permission
from the shop to use it so that's
awesome can't wait to upload this shit
for you guys can't wait to have the
aftermath for you guys because the after
ad that's just as good as the video
because those shop guys wanted to beat
my ass so I hope you guys like and hope
you guys enjoyed the vlog thanks for
watching I think it might be a shorter
vlog either way thanks for watching like
subscribe favorite Bridget in here and
that's it
