what's going on you guys it's troll pal
mcjuggernuggets here what's going on you
guys can't be on a camera here fat fuck
behind the group dildo in his ass here
fat fuck with attack fucking two here
right here angry been upon tattooing his
fat arm here and today is help me out
Wednesday Wednesday yes is when I said
help me out I needed help I didn't know
either today is Wednesday in number one
the tattoo video is up this is part one
of the videos which I'm going to get to
that in just a minute this is part one
me Bridget Bridget I getting our tattoos
this one and the one on her foot you
want to get a look at that
now then let me get to something that
people are tweeting the shit out of me
about why do you have to wait until
Saturday to see part two people are
pissed I'm getting you a oh you son of a
bitch you lie you fat fuck fuck you I
waited all this time
I'm a youngin fuck off piece of shit you
are pissed off that you gotta wait until
Saturday so allow me to explain to you
why you have to wait until Saturday
first for those of you who don't know
when grandpa got his tattoo last night
if you're not following me on Twitter
follow me on Twitter so you can see some
of this shit grandpa flipped out and I
mean he flipped the fuck out he went on
a rampage he don't trash on the floor he
broke a guitar he went crazy
and when that happened I was like two
videos cuz holy shit because number one
our video doesn't fit with grandpa's
video we had this cute little you know
how we're getting tattoos haha bridge is
hurting followed by a good demo - fuck
fuck you so he went crazy I was like
yeah two videos number two I gotta get
permission from the shop to use the
footage because he went crazy on their
shop they didn't call the cops but I got
a cool shit over so by Saturday
everything will be good
and I'll upload the video but if I
upload it tomorrow we don't get the
ending where he freaks out because I
don't have permission to use it so wait
till Saturday
and we're gonna see grandpa freak the
fuck out here's my tattoo yeah I'm
really happy I really love my tattoo
it's I love my tattoo I'm really happy
you convinced your dad to get me buzz
Bridget was in total pain it was great
hope you guys liked the video check it
out check out dad's video this Saturday
grandpa's tattoo meltdown and before I
go anywhere else let me go ahead and
show some extra scenes this is the stuff
I filmed at the shop I will show more
stuff Saturday with the aftermath to
dads because I still don't know what i'm
using one i'm not using but i will show
you a little bit of dads right here but
anyway here we go
check this out delete it seems part one
throw palin certificates here check this
out are we living under a goddamn fridge
hey pineapple i'm going you'll burn your
hands
look at all these wings dad's got on
like he's Elvis or something I am oh
that's gotta be hot you know really easy
to get teeth to chew it with who's who's
that he's trying to do the Elvis karate
now good husband five Apple you would
even pineapple all day do you ask every
book I've been looking
bacon hey I don't see no bacon fuck of
that oh all right you want a hot dogs
are not really not really out then you
nervous what tattoo I gotta get out you
gonna have to thank God a Gigan jiggin
okay this is on the wrong sides I'm
getting it you get spinner oh my god oh
my god
I don't Michael I'm really embarrassed
free right let me hear it
so basically we're choosing each other's
tattoos I just say she chose mine
daddy's choose Bridgette we are choosing
dad's and he's getting plans so dad
wants to get a tramp stamp I'm thinking
some sort of biohazard or something okay
and maybe it says my ass stinky yes
written above it or something well it
doesn't kick my ass or destroy the blush
of well Ike that I can't promise you but
I can't promise what every breaks I will
replace well I always need to do that
sometimes sounds fun to me man I thought
but I'm right you have a bathroom right
yeah that I hate when you say I resemble
that remark it doesn't make sense I
resent resents other dudes out December
that mark what do you think of thank you
nope resemble dad look at my finger no
dude I know where those fingers have
been that's a problem um yeah right now
Kenny photographer
their videographers ready
whoa that's got a head cover little
spots big mamas no there is my tattoo
that's awesome wow that is sick Tim did
this to you bro
yeah well that's amazing that's why
order me
so anyway that's going to be a better
day you guys the main purpose of this
video was just to show you some of those
deleted scenes and there would be more
deleted scenes Saturday I don't know
what I'm using in the video for dad I
told everybody on Twitter that I would
show a preview of the video from
Saturday so let me go and throw this in
the air real quick here's just a quick
preview of grandpa getting his tattoo
coming out Saturday all that laughing he
did for us come on man
nugget you're probably the oldest person
I've ever tattooed so what made you want
to get a bike fuck you hey cuz he used
to be in a biker gang oh yeah how they
call the old farts the lettering looks
very good can take a break yeah need
some water so ya do anyway thanks for
watching you guys that's gonna be it for
today go check out that tattoo video and
look for the other one on Saturday like
subscribe let's do with this hand
favorite yes and that's it
