what's going on you guys Kibby on a
camera here nope no Bridget west here
because Bridget west is not here she's
gone forever
not really she is gone with her mom
Bridget West is not here so it's just me
for the opening and before I say
anything else I'm gonna let you guys
know this Wednesday the tattoo video
mark yo calendars we getting them
tattoos this Wednesday you want to see
the action I think we're getting them
Tuesday
of course grandpa's gonna be giving
pranks he's getting his tramp stamp and
I'm starting to think I know what I'm
gonna get follow me on Twitter right the
here also the link is below follow me on
Twitter and I'll be letting you guys
know what I'm thinking he's gonna be
getting check it out hope you guys like
it I think it's gonna be funny and he's
branded with it for life but this
Wednesday the tattoos are going up it's
Monday I didn't put up a vlog yesterday
because I was chasing down this tattoo
guy to guarantee a date so we know when
we getting them tattoo so we know when
that videos going up
sorry some guy told me today you're not
a lot of clothes over daily vlog or
anymore
I don't know better ever have I skip a
lot of days huh I try to get you as many
vlogs up as I can but sometimes you know
schedules you know got a lot of work to
do and I can't upload every day but I
try oh Lord I try but anyway let's get
this Monday started that was very anti
climatic and I had no follow-up oh I
should have been something like let's
get this Monday started but instead I
left it open-ended so I could have said
something else after it and I fucked
everything up let's get this Monday
started all right dad good okay sorry I
had to get the camera out I got news for
you yeah Michael
mark your calendar baby what mark your
calendar for tomorrow
tomorrow yeah I know you're getting the
tattoo it's your tattoos day look at me
I feel like got a 40 man I'll bet you do
it wrong
oh I knew you would try something this
is your tattoos day my time or month man
I can't beat you doing that yeah we'll
see uh no drinking alcohol if you happen
to drink because it'll thin your blood
so yeah tomorrow I just got a package I
opened it up I haven't taken anything
out yet I want to open this up I got a
do it before bridgie gets back because I
kind of hide it because tonight
hopefully by the title of the vlog I'm
gonna prank her with this a wake up
prank because she likes to prank me so
fucking much I got this from a guy named
Jamie Grove he is a graphic artist for
Hollywood he does painting you know and
all this stuff for like props and stuff
if you want to check out his Instagram
its below it's filled with all the stuff
that he's done work on and it's amazing
to the Instagram link below and let's
check out what I ordered from him
okay got it out so this is not something
that he bought in a store and altered it
this is something that he molded and all
this stuff so let's take a look okay Wow
before I show you guys the front take a
look at the back you can tell by the
image what it is but this guy did and
I'm look at the straps look at that holy
shit amazing
Wow
this dude is the real deal holy shit I
got to put this thing on this thing is
so detailed Wow so well it was like stay
on light alright so I'm gonna put this
up and later on I'm gonna scare fucking
Bridget with it sitting here with Bella
she's laying down cuz she had a little
cancer treatment today how you doing
girl
Oh Bella looks like she's feeling better
she was sick earlier it's
she does she gets sick after a treatment
but the dog the vet I wasn't a doctor is
a doctor doctor says she's doing a lot
better in that she thinks she's gonna be
okay
and that's good to know right Bella no
you don't care
Bridget's asleep baby it's not very
conveys to face with Jason and I really
gotta save this to use on dad on the
next breath of 13 which is in like
November Bridget
Jason's about it
pick it off
hey stop Michael stop it
poor bridges still scared of it hmm it's
not that scary so put it on man what
kind of monstrous creature is under that
mask
you know we're lazy when we have not
picked up the condoms you had those
moving boxes still these these are
condoms on our floor from the cheating
prank my god man so what do you think
about it we should get it guy named
Jamie Grove he's like a Hollywood dude I
think he designs props and shit I'm a
trash go ahead i'ma do it well that's
gonna be it for today you guys remember
very soon we're giving the tattoos as
promised Wednesday you're gonna see the
video which means we'll probably get
them tomorrow that would suck to have to
put it up Wednesday and get them
Wednesday we're probably getting the
tattoos tomorrow so that's that how come
you man go back to sleep yeah it's a
it's just a mask it it's just a sexy
sexy man I know you guys don't want to
see that click like if you want to see
me scare grandpa with this if it gets
enough likes I'm gonna do it maybe I
should wait until November when it's
Friday the 13th or maybe I just do it
both I guess he'll forget about it by
then click like if it gets enough
grandpa gonna come face-to-face with
Jason Jason gets got real fat again so
anyway that's gonna be it for today you
guys thanks for watching like subscribe
interrupt me again and you get Jason
tonight again like subscribe favorite
and that's it she didn't have the balls
to interrupt me because she knew I would
do it that's it stop don't you love me
even though Jason doesn't talk
