what's going on you guys Kibby on a
camera here they got a record my dance
yes I was frozen on purpose um going to
dad's house today a lot of people have
been asking dad what are his thoughts on
the police officer shooting the black
man here in North Charleston uh what
does grandpa have to say about it
well we wanted to give a couple of days
to get all the news that we could so I'm
going to go over to Dad's house today
and we're gonna get his opinion on it my
opinion the fuck is wrong with you dude
like a lot of people said oh but he was
running from the cops so the fuck what
chase them you know we live in to you
chase somebody if you can't catch him
you got his fucking ID show up in his
house so you don't kill people cuz
they're running away and then he like
he's fucking running 30 miles an hour
the guy was going slow as shit anyway
I'm getting worked up about it
so gonna get dad's opinion on this today
and that's it so here we go today's
Saturday budget Saturday let's get it
started so ok come on calm down shut up
Michael I'll get that goddamn hammer
again please calm down ok sitting here
with Grandpa we're here I weren't
freaking fool about on you you are where
my goddamn hot coffee chill out dude
should never have my goddamn opinion
never I think you'd be like this let's
come with that so one minute you never
my goddamn coffee own here's a better
question
what the fuck we're gonna eat on granite
cookout eating IFR
Oh how'd you get you a new table you're
gonna pop okay I didn't do it no you
don't wanna baby go get Matt look I need
to take this thing away from giving Yuri
yeah no dude that is my new baby give it
here
you give it to me okay I got damn leg
off that table and I'll beat you in the
fucking here you're not gonna do
anything like that you gotta catch me
get my Chi 1 2 3 you might get it back
I want you God will you certainly won
today you need a new table now Briggs
you would really flip this up show me oh
my god hey table up pick what do you
maybe go together you are I'm helping
but I'm doing it vision here switch
shuttle our foot I'll put it don't do
that just get a butt and you can open
the goddamn door
I'll do it my god
can't leave broke my table
okay why did it bridge a breaker bowl
I hate when you have no accountability I
don't have any accountable yeah I didn't
do that dude Bridge is parked at the
garbage pile what she parked where your
garbage pile goes well we moved nectar
well we've got him tampons good that
fucking car
hey my car is nice I like my car she
left side hello mother looks like it's
my goddamn day you dumbass let's go
sliding is my feet happy you've got a
crush on forego bit Oh
let's go around the van we got to lift
this time why because you can't drag it
to cement if if you to pick it up I went
to happen is your foot okay Michael I'm
fine Burgess won't get this nightmare
I'll pick you up you dumbass
I just did little more little more
little more come on
well you happy
yeah daddy your table here's the thing
you know I invited Tina to this cookout
where where's she sitting
so the goddamn floorball okay so we got
all this cookout stuff meat steaks and
we don't got shit to eat it on yeah yeah
go home let's go yeah I know home taking
mistakes so I asked for grandpas opinion
on Walter Scott we're all fucking pissed
about it fuck goddamn house you want to
go ahead and chill out now you will shut
my dick you've already broken your table
you've run the who Brogan who brilliant
yeah you're everything back in the home
I'm sorry I'm not being disrespectful
walking tall stick with the fuck you
have about every week it is anytime he
gave that bastard yes but we had slams
tomorrow it may be God willing if the
tattoo guys available we're going to get
the tattoos tomorrow what'd you do
million subscriber tattoos you make me
do this shit we all have to choose each
other's tattoos I'm just hoping because
we can't look until afterwards I'm
hoping we'll all be nice to each other
imma be real nice you wanted a
motorcycle right here
yeah okay okay go get that you just
gotta be nice and gay you would've done
I'm just throwing it out there I wanted
to hang grandpa logo right here Bridget
you're choosing me
are you choosing me so you both choose
me right no larger than you do get it
okay thank you why fatty grill dad
chooses you you choose me I choose that
okay thank you
nobody you have shit we're about to have
a cookout with no table well I don't
know what hey this ought to be
interesting
yes we don't need a table what what do
you undo tomorrow you shoved by that
motherfucking table okay I feel sure you
will have me one in here in a few days
what you take a tear your day yes I'll
have your new table but I don't know
when it better be in a few days so I got
a it better be better be not I'm gonna
cry now don't say that
i'ma cry on a video until everybody you
hate yourself ugh
that's not true though I'm filming you
save this uh I don't know I'm not saying
level we're seeing you were gonna try
this I see I knew what you would try to
do you ain't know nothing
push your death enough
well we're about to blow up dude oh I
really expected a more dramatic uprising
in fire their way to a problem
think about take what you got out there
man
why'd you do that why put the table of
the street why'd you break it
oh man you mean serious hey everybody
saw you do it
here you want to just see this I know
you might be able to salvage it fuck you
and god damn oh man look at this so this
is what a TV looks like inside it well
hope you enjoying your food without
tables sit it on I am thank you well
happy cooking oh you fucking asshole
I've had it get out here well we're
leaving all those left is remnants of
burning coals and eating on the porch in
a shattered table yeah you're in it well
we ate at the pours you ate at your
chair I know well thanks for having us
well I will let you know in the next few
days what the tattoo guy says yeah do
that let me know what he says you better
better than new fucking something well
we got it yeah I'm with you man I don't
know when we're getting these done well
you brought out let me know and remember
we gotta be nice to each other yeah now
get the fuck out of here are you going
ah
goodness gracious
hey we're back you guys you miss us
she says I had this big old house to
myself and I was scared we're back well
that's gonna be a fir today you guys
okay give me your hand
that's gonna be it for today grandpa
flipped out and destroyed this table
that video is going to go out tomorrow
it is really late right now it's like
going on midnight and I just want to I
just want to get this vlog up go to bed
today was miserable
I was getting worse so anyway bye Bella
so I chose the spot so I could be next
but anyway thanks for watching you guys
videos gonna be up tomorrow grandpa
destroyed table that table way do you
see how hard it was to destroy this
fucking thing he had to put a lot of
anger into this thing
ridiculous pieces of more oh god wait
that'll be able tomorrow thanks for
watching you guys like subscribe
favorite favorite found that everything
and that's it
