what's going on you guys fat fuck riding
a galactic pickle behind the camera here
if you don't know what that means
somebody sent me a picture today and I
posted it on my Twitter I actually made
it my cover photo on Twitter you want to
check it out the link is below check out
this picture somebody made a pickle boy
writing a pickle through the Kosmos
check this out
crazy thanks for the picture dude it is
not it is pickle boy riding a galactic
pickle last night they didn't do a vlog
because I was working all day and it
sucks because I had a throwback Thursday
story I wanted to tell so I'm going to
tell it tonight
boom throwback Friday today so gonna
tell throwback Thursday story tonight
for Friday got a nerd block inside I'm
gonna open up we're gonna get Felix a
little cat toy we got a whole lot going
on today and the dogs are what oh I was
gonna say the dogs are watching they're
not Stella
Bella oh the dogs are watching me vlogs
so where did we get this Ridgid my mom
brought it it's for my grandma and we're
gonna set it right there you're not
gonna hang it I like it right there I
would it's so weird with this big big
hook sitting at the top of it if just
I'll sit there in the middle of the
table
well even cut it I like it though isn't
it Freddie yeah so bridges grandma gave
us this big bouquet of flowers I love it
today is Felix's birthday I birthday
Felix your one we got a Miss happy
birthday Felix
there he goes I don't want to have
anything to do with the sentimental shit
Felix come here come here buddy don't
want your present Oh tell me buddy
happy birthday Fifi
music you better tread lightly you
asshole I'm going under the bench honey
you don't give a shit he does not give a
fuck about his birthday present look you
know those chill my shorts look Felix
Brolin okay I gave it off give it all I
had you don't care
tried a birthday anyway Felix maybe
Felix just pissed off because he saw me
using it yet the other day for my
question and answer video and he feels
like that isn't his Oh like waves it
feels like that's not his going to yes
how watching you Felix play with your
toy so for people that are gonna be
asking for an update we are getting
tattoos very soon hopefully by Sunday
but if not it's all about the schedule
that the guy giving the tattoos has so
if you can't squeeze in Sunday maybe a
little bit later in the week but we're
getting them it's going to be good keep
sending me your suggestions to Twitter
to what you think grandpa should give
for his tattoos it's really hard to sort
through all the suggestions it's really
hard so I think we should use a hashtag
for this so hashtag angry grandpa tattoo
use that hashtag and I will be able to
look through it and look at your
suggestions because it is hard so here's
the hashtag so right here next to my
face right there so check it out use the
hashtag the hashtag is also below and
also tweet it to me just because I like
seeing your tweets by ashtag angry
grandpa tattoo I'm about to call Kim and
ask her if there's a story that I've
ever told on video before because if not
it's what I want to tell on my throwback
Thursday story oh you finally answered
me on siblings day I love you too you
didn't answer me a bunch one video have
we ever told the story about the time
that me you and Jennifer went swimming
in that Creek and the dog came at us oh
my god I don't think so I'm scary
shit abide yeah I don't know if I'm ever
told that I don't think so that was some
judo show yeah okay so I'm gonna tell
that for my throwback Thursday story
tonight even though it's Friday I didn't
tell a story last night
so anyway I'm gonna tell it yes it was
how horrifying was it was terrifying
like we see the dog on one side of the
lake and then and we could see its teeth
from their end running like a racehorse
around the damn thing yeah you'll get
the rest tonight you'll get the rest
tonight this was horrifying go ahead set
up some ground rules one you cannot eat
the box that's I'm throwing that one out
there first okay number two cly doesn't
listen to reviews clouds already ever
Cheerios I don't care about your rules I
do it over oh my god so anyway I'm gonna
get the tape off of here
nabela she came prepared
okay arcade block we're looking for a
repeat it look oh my god
we've got Bella
I hope they do not like me having things
no Jesus no we're not having to repeat
it is not have an abyss oh my god what
the hell Bella okay okay calm down Clyde
got something
why okay let's calm this down okay let
me have my ball
look at this
hey this is my hide
oh maybe I just wanted to explain some
rules and let y'all not touch my stuff
you didn't care
oh so I did see two shirts that's
awesome
all right Batman Arkham Knight I didn't
expect that I thought putting a little
joke I'd be like oh that was funny and
cute for the Volga then she snatched it
right out of my hands
the next thing it is a Hadouken Street
Fighter uh keychain try me my dolphin Oh
Bella well very cool looks like a
gameboy or post-it notes
that's cute okay let's get to the show
we got to today first shirt I don't know
what the hell I'm looking at Radio Free
kyrat with Robby ray Rana that kind of
looks like the Far Cry font so I'm gonna
guess that that's what that is I like it
must be a far cry shirt smash University
smash University brawl Department I
don't get it
I don't know so if anybody knows that
explain to me what these shirts are cuz
I don't know them today
you calm down any you do not like when I
open boxes anymore do you
you hate it give me Paul are you
rebelling cuz you have cancer
well you should push your stove so
before I got out of here today I wanted
to tell a throwback Friday story for you
guys it's the one that I was talking
about with my sister on the phone
earlier about the time that we were
almost attacked by a dog I don't know if
I've ever told this before I may have
but I was thinking about it earlier when
I was talking to Bridget and I I was
like if I haven't told her I got to tell
it so several years ago I was just a kid
we lived in a place called south
congaree it's up in Columbia we lived in
a little place that was in the middle of
nowhere
and if you walk through the woods far
enough you went through this little
trail and it led to these ponds you know
there was a pond here over here there's
another pond pond but the one that we
would go swimming in was a huge pond on
the other side of the pond
and I don't mean this is a small pond it
was huge you know maybe a mile away
maybe not maybe I don't know distances
cuz I don't drive but it seemed like a
mile away on the other side there was a
house so this house had this big giant
pond in his backyard meanwhile other
people would go to and they would fish
in it now my sister Kim and my sister
Jennifer and I we were all swimming in
this pond
laughing joking having a good time and
then we hear rap rap and we look over on
the other side of this pond on the other
side where the house is really far away
we can see what looks like a dog it's
about this big it's tiny but it's crap
we see his teeth and it wants to come
for us and it jumps in the water and
starts swimming like it's going to come
to us eventually the dog turns around
and gets out of the water because
there's no way it's swimming this damn
far we're little pieces of shit so we
start laughing ahahah the dog wanted to
get us but it can and we see the dog
take off running and that was the end of
it we're like Oh dogs gone so we'd be
playing pawn games you know like truth
or dare like what did you do well and
truth or dare
yeah what are you suggesting did you
make out with your sisters ok bridgely
get slapped on camera no we're not doing
a shit like that
every stuff like you know oh I
dare you to go steal that guy's fishing
pole it was we were assholes somebody be
fishing and we grab there Paul thank you
go walking away that kind of truth or
dare just stuff like that you know steal
the fishing pole go over there and piss
in the pond while my guys fishing in it
you know stuff like that because we were
pieces of white trash so anyway we're
playing pawn games we're laughing we're
joking about 15 minutes later here comes
this fucking dog now we can see it's
like a freaking German Shepherd and it's
looking at us we're in the water and I I
scream I get into the water
this fucking dog starts coming after us
in the water it's our swimming after us
like dude so to put in perspective like
I said he's about this big on the other
side of the pond and he takes off
running this fucking dog found his way
around the entire pond and found us it
took 15 minutes for that dog to get to
us but he got to us and now we swim in
after us come on trying to get us so
we're sitting in the middle of this
water and the dog is still trying to get
out to us and finally gets to a point
where it stops it's just sitting on the
water out Wow backs up and it's waiting
and this dog ain't going nowhere
we're trapped how the fuck are we
getting out of this situation how indeed
we decided to screw over my sister and
Jennifer if you're watching this sorry
you're maybe finding out now we decided
to play a game of paper-rock-scissors
the loser was going to have to take off
running in one direction the dog would
chase it while we got free so we decided
to pay paroxysms paper-rock-scissors me
and kimberly both chose scissors
jennifer chooses rock she thought she
won and we convinced her by way of
miracle that actually scissors beats
rock she's gone I win and really huh
what do you mean you win scissors cuts
the rock up what are you talking about
since when does rock beats scissors okay
so we convinced her she lost she was
freaking out that's not fair
and she takes off running there's
Jennifer takes off in one direction dog
follows by sending Jennifer to run over
there we knew there were people fishing
in the other direction and she would run
to them and try to get help hopefully
one dies instead of three uh-huh
no no seriously she goes to find the
help
I think mean Kim took off running we
weren't waiting for the dog to come back
we were yeah I don't remember do I think
I was like nine
so me and Kim took off running we saw
Jennifer about an hour later and she
tells us that she got help and the dog
came to attack the guy and they had to
grab the dog and Animal Control came and
they took the dog to the pound until
they could find the owners and all kinds
of crazy shit so that was the story one
time we're going swimming in this pond
we saw a dog on the other side of it it
came to find us we played
paper-rock-scissors
nature Sam hey Rex we played
paper-rock-scissors told Jennifer that
she'd lost the game she took off running
got chased by the dog the dog tried to
kill a guy and they took it away that's
the story thanks for watching like
subscribe favorite we were pieces of
shit yeah oh my god and that's it
hopefully again I swear to God well I
want to take the time with grandpa York
ten to thank everybody for one
I warned you about this
