what's going on you guys can't be on a
camera here and today I wanted to do
what are you doing what's going on you
guys kid behind a camera here and today
I wanted to do a different kind of video
I wanted to answer some Twitter Q&A and
I try to look sophisticated by having
the Twitter on the TV screen behind me
I'm totally awesome and original and
this is a did I say awesome so I asked
you guys to send me your Twitter
questions I don't know you can see it I
feel like I'm doing can you see that
because I can't see anything cuz I have
they'll have this light on right here
and I'm blind so I decided to do some
Twitter Q&A today I asked you guys to
send me some of your questions and you
did you guys sent a ton of questions so
let's get into it let's go to the first
question so the first question comes
from the NES guy and he wants to know
how much ham is in your pockets let's
find out wha-hoo wait no that's a bunch
of ham lots of ham I had lots of ham in
my pockets Adam wants to know what is my
favorite app on my tablet HBO Go
Bridgette hates it because it wakes her
up every night because I'm watching Curb
Your Enthusiasm before I go to sleep jet
wants to know why do I call myself all
types of bullshit at the beginning of my
vlogs because it's funny because I'm
just having a little bit of fun with the
trolls there's a lot of you know a lot
of fake accounts you know pickle fuck
behind a group dildo up his ass they get
really creative so I try to just come
with my own just to see what I can come
up with because these people are raising
my creativity bar you know they you know
when you got a fake account that says
pickle dildo behind a Paul Hammond in a
suit and tie with gray hair behind a
camera behind a paw
behind a paul heyman at the hall of fame
I gotta come up with something behind
the insulin shot Colt wants to know the
million-dollar question are the angry
grandpa videos real or are they fake the
real unfortunately for me this is how it
was when I was growing up he would
destroy video game consoles televisions
I'm nobody to the goddamn throat of this
motherfucking house could you go be good
Dick Blick good motherfuckers left a
half-drunk photo on the counter that's
what I grew up with
that's my dad I love the guy oh yeah I
would then that's the thing he never
really beat any of us we know he wasn't
abusive to the hand but he was abusive
to the television Scott says to call
angry grandpa and tell him he sucks
hello hey pop what I'm happy to talk to
you too that's a lot better
I'm sitting here doing a Twitter Q&A and
this guy Scott told me to call you and
say you suck so you suck yeah you saw
Bree wants to know how much money have
you wasted replacing things grandpa has
broken a lot do much to money here's a
question
when I was at dad's house for Sunday
dinner was that our TV in the living
room the TV that was on the couch in the
liver after we got this one was that app
yes how do I give it it was a deal he
would help me free Oh
oh my god you gave him my TV to prank me
that pisses me off
grandpa stole my TV or Bridget gave him
Matvei really needed to get you so this
was for the cheating prank yes
bastards Jimmy John wants to know how
many sit-ups I can do and how ironic
that his name is Jimmy John and he's
asking me to do sit-ups because I want
fucking Jimmy John's right now let's
order and buy the next 50 seconds it'll
be here
did Jimmy John's on the vote aye how
many sit-ups it's asking yeah
oh shit holy crap Billy push-up I won as
Fred Flintstone on and it tastes like an
orange the Kree gamer wants to know if
somebody offered me five million dollars
to take down my YouTube channels what I
do it I wouldn't do it hell no I know
people are gonna call bullshit on that
they're gonna Oh bullshit I offer you
proof we got offered it wasn't 5 million
we did get offer a lot of money to do a
reality show and doing the reality show
would have meant we had to close our
YouTube channels down told them to go
fuck themselves no reality show
no million dollars no shutting down my
youtube channel you guys come first you
guys were first we do this guy we do
this shit for you guys I would reject it
every time I can't see anything that
light is blinding me Adam wants to know
do you even lift even lift bro yeah
I left if you mean do I mean lifting
these to my mouth that was the joke off
my mic now I'm just enjoying it mm-hmm
so before I get to the last question
thank you guys so much for all the
questions and you know it's awesome you
guys are amazing
you blew my Twitter up it's crazy as
hell now let's get to the last question
this guy wants to know what are we gonna
do for 2 million subscribers I look like
one per second 2 million subscribers I
don't know that's so long away I'll let
you know when we get closer to it we
still gotta work on 1 million
subscribers which that's coming this
week grandpa's getting pranked cuz you
suck what are we doing for 2 million
subscribers
I don't know nope so thanks for watching
you guys you sent so many questions I
try to answer as many of you as I could
but there was so many so I'm sorry if I
didn't get to you but I'm gonna start
writing back on Twitter right now if you
guys want to follow me on Twitter link
is below first to thanks for watching
you guys thanks for the Twitter Q&A and
that's it and I'm copying prank vs.
prank
