what's going on you guys Kibby on a
camera here and today is Easter happy
Easter to everybody right now we're
getting ready for the party at Grandpa's
house so I'm gonna keep this short we're
gonna make some mashed potatoes in a
minute and we're gonna start preparing a
prank for grandpa you could tell by the
title of the video we're doing it two
years in a row chocolate covered raw egg
so here we go prank on grandpa Easter
Sunday mashed potatoes let's get started
okay so we're in the process of making
our mashed potatoes so first you get
your potatoes you boil them up you chop
them up and then you start hooking them
up first I'm gonna add a little bit of
butter there's a half stick I'm add a
little bit of heavy whipping cream these
are so happy by the way oh yeah these
are diet potatoes yeah already looking
delicious before I add another stuff by
the way I add a little bit of salt and
pepper not much you can't overdo it very
easily
half and half all right a little nut not
even half
some reason dad calls them whipped
potatoes into the math we actually had
cheese that we were gonna put in the
mashed potatoes but we decided when it
was done it doesn't need it
so no cheese so instead we just used
heavy whipping cream happen have sour
cream salt pepper and butter first egg
has been dropped into the chocolate oh
yeah do you have any sprinkles or
anything yeah okay so we're gonna season
these this paprika no that's uh cayenne
pepper yes
what do we say that is cocoa um red
sugar all right here is your Easter
basket I like walking did he's my evil
favorite father your essence your hero
here's me you know boy shoot everybody
Jesus Christ bones yes really yeah
that's what the whole baguette oh man
you go hey I like to roll up there's a
big bag of tricks in there right Cracker
Jack cheddar barbecued yeah man
you need a more sophisticated taste my
Mother's Day was cracking my daddy's
name was Jack
neither of those things are true your
dad's name is Charles your mom's name is
Dorothy I fell have a crappy job box is
this a many arguing in I kind of need
all these also I am Gilligan
yeah Bridget told me to dump them in the
bottom of the bag I know if that could
be right oh yeah
so Happy Easter yeah get a shot inside
this baby full of Twinkies and jelly
beans and roll-ups candy and all kinds
of stuff nothing yes I burned for you
yeah of it all right here comes the ham
subsections pasty
so delish so what the hell's this thing
dad all right see you in the big reveal
oh my goodness
Oh Bridget you gotta say it this wood
dreams are made of
it's the Hilary Duff song oh my god yeah
this happened to be the one but Tina
don't like what you think JT oh yeah
what do you think jakey yeah he'll be
incest mania Devils by cloning on the
living room by the night Oh kar tumko
bel okay grandpa
you made the dinner we'll see what
you've cooked up for us you made a
turkey you made green beans and potatoes
this right here is a scalloped potato
baked right yeah so you cut up potatoes
with cheese sauce yeah yeah I just want
to show it this is addressing a baked
macaroni and cheese the mashed potatoes
that I made dad's got a big gravy and
dad take off the top to that hams for
the show Pam Tina
Tina's ham Kenema dad dad wants to go
face person Tina's ham whoa I'm gonna
open up the oven
oh hang on my ham and rolls yeah Sister
Sledge make this who's hungry
well pop dinner was good 12 hours cook
it three-second fuse
yeah but lifetime of memories pretty
soon on dad's channel we're going to be
filming a video where we're cooking our
dessert fried snacks excited hello yeah
I like doing it dad is gonna be the
taste tester
to see which one of us made the better
chocolate covered cream cake obviously
me this was Bridget's I won't lose it
okay I'll pick the winner okay so go
first one first
all right Susie and I don't know who did
what exactly you had to bite hard though
cuz it's drenched in chocolate oh I
believe you grab for the banquet first
here's the real cake at you on Thursday
I beat your goddamn badge Oh Stan
okay it's Kate it's hard what god yeah
rock did you not notice there was a
whole tub full of the real cake you can
dummy God here's his bail freakin pain
you got me so we're bringing Tina over
and she s going to consume digs let's
try to do the same thing we do it dad
where she tried well hopefully we can
get her to do three yeah so we'll say
like one as a prank egg yeah same way I
just did it yes Gayle me got me that
last year yeah you got tryna fuck did I
forget about it I don't know if I like
your idea hang on let's do this little
speech wasn't mirror hang on
- yeah I can't dunk the ball my ball is
down poke it Tina the young man Bridget
made his fantastic goddamn desert
priester it's like this white child over
a chain in his thirty delicious yeah is
there a sport of God
best advocated come on over I'll save
you a couple all right be later yeah
got no Gina I've got her ass I don't see
we're here Tim you're gonna love this
yeah you'll love it there you guys you
gonna join this Bridget
we've been here's the deal what we're
trying to do Bridget wanted to think she
can make better desserts than you yeah
and so this was her account man this was
brazen attempt though remember Adam oh
of course it's turn high-income did you
guys divide into him hard though really
drenched in chocolate
what was the price that's that's honest
one that's gotta be the right one I'm
telling you buy the fucker why anyone
jokesters phone at Bridget fucking
asshole
look it's fucking Easter fucking ass
yeah yeah yeah shit like they do not
know
fucking asshole I know they're trying to
team up on us yeah well yeah you never
win never go away hey guys this time
virtual gives next time do you know what
anything means you get together get dad
yeah that's a possibility we'd to do
that oh and they even turned against me
I appreciate you haven't so for Easter
yeah appreciate the fucking eggs oh
you're welcome
he knows how a yearly thing oh man
whatever thank you you can remember next
year all you want you'll forget well you
got that no easy house right now oh shit
I'm giving a clear that what's Tita
bitching about in there now it's better
than that dance Oh Holly here is Tina
yelling about some of them Bobby's doing
a bunch of goddamn eggs yeah we fucked
her up without her ham was good though
I'll give her that
yeah good amp well pop thanks for having
me
all right well I'll see you tomorrow all
right pop get ready this week tattoos I
know I'm dreading it
we're coming soon in the next couple
days we're gonna make an official thank
you video all right yep oh mama you got
to thank everybody oh yeah all I got
thank all the young uns and get ready
for your tattoo
