what's going on you guys pickle dildo
behind a student I hear and today his
Saturday and we got a lot of stuff to do
we got to go to Walmart to get some
stuff for dads thing tomorrow we gotta
watch movies we had nothing else to do
we just got to go to Walmart so anyway
happy Saturday yesterday I got my
special delivery which is the chairs Kim
sent me from the Royal Rumble tomorrow
is Easter and we're going to Grandpa's
house for another Sunday dinner / Easter
Sunday and a little bit we're gonna go
to one more gave some stuff to make some
baskets for Tina's son Jake up and my
nephew Jacob who is then I say Jacob
joins I meant Albert Tina's son Albert
and my nephew Jacob who were over at
grandpa's house Lee going to be at the
dinner tomorrow could I make them some
Easter baskets Albert if you're watching
this vlog do not watch the scene we're
making the baskets god be surprised
anyway that's it getting our Saturday
started intro going to Walmart and
that's it
easy Saturday we gotta learn to speak
louder why one public I notice from
always too low we were at Walmart right
now we are getting stuff
the dinner at grandpa's house tomorrow
we are having Easter dinner with Grandpa
oh and my mom and your mom
Jordan get a pie from here no hello so
anyway so no pie here we
we're getting we're making mashed
potatoes and getting some dreams and
that's what we're doing we just got a
little cereal I'll tell rice krispie
treats finally oh my god they were out
last time it completely sucked
she devastated me so like I said back
there we have a cookout just the cook in
with Grandpa tomorrow
Tina's making it I'm excited for her hey
I'm not gonna lie dad put us in charge
of mashed potatoes so we make a mashed
potatoes what else will we make we're
bringing drinks mashed potatoes and play
dad said do naboo cheerio you always go
crazy so we got to make sure Wilma
cereal
what do you I want
throw away the possibly
these taste better than wheels no uh
keep yelling for you ah
look when I heard something videos I
love it shows shirt I'm wearing we just
weren't sure that says I don't like
jokes on shirts so here is a chocolate
cake recipe and I will pause it on this
you can get the recipe somebody make it
I haven't made it yet I really want to
do somebody make the cake on this recipe
on this shirt and send it to us and I
will tweet me and tell me how it is let
us know yeah that'd be cool
how to get baby Webster Clyde okay you
took the tester yes and it was negative
yeah but I'm still like late how do I
hear another word about this you took
the test that's it how leave this on a
hobby book what is this well I don't
know stop telling me the baby stuff it's
cute oh look if you're pregnant you're
pregnant but if you're not let's not
jinx it I really don't know Michael wait
Michael
come on no more babies roll at all it's
adorable isn't it oh my god and it comes
with uh a lot of car seat I hope we have
a girl stop I really want a girl maybe
we need to go back and get some baby
stuff stop the baby stuff stop doin two
more baby cool huh you don't a little
Michael MJ Michael jr. well first things
first you're gonna see him wrapped up in
a blanket
Mako's called it scolding this comes
second when we got back from Walmart
this was waiting so time for a little
bit of horror blog I feel like I haven't
had a horrible in a while I knew right
so I need a new shirt hey boy you
watching a horrible walk with me it's
his blog first thing this tomb has
remained sealed for over a hundred
thousand years open at your own risk
do you dare break the seal of the
pharaohs those give me some sort of
prank that's what happened to me okay
oh don't it's gonna stop any minute dad
I repeated the last box that I opened
next this is from The Walking Dead looks
like a bash oh that's cool so cool
walking dead bag be good and it looks
like the last thing besides the shirt is
this Hellraiser art oh that's so cool so
this thing else we can get a better look
at it
nice that's pretty cool it's pretty cool
and of course the shirt oh it's a
Walking Dead shirt mine that's awesome
mhm Walking Dead Dixon motorcycle repair
Walker removal Atlanta Georgia
that's sick so Bridget and I are about
to start making up some baskets for
Albert and Jacob Albert this is the part
of Vogue you turn off because you're not
allowed us to your basket yet yeah
Albert turn it off mr. Benny came early
yeah oh the Easter Bunny Easter Bunny
brought this just is it used to but he
brought it so you can't see because
we're about to show it just in case so
ya know watching
turn it off we're we're making we're
doing a job for the Easter Bunny check
these suckers out chuckle bag gift cards
with those baskets up all right now
this is me just looking into the camera
Bridget makes baskets
well these baskets are looking awesome
dude
now we're gonna make dad a basket and my
little Walking Dead thing that just got
in my horror blog hey Dad Reese's
Cracker Jacks so you want me to just
dump these in here yeah I feel awkward
by doing that oh it's okay Michael I
don't know about it just dump them I'm
gonna put them in a ziploc bag B then I
opened it oh oh yeah his ridiculous one
okay so we got Albert and Jacob uh
Easter basket and before you guys start
wondering how come in Easter baskets for
my other nephews that's because they are
all in what Niagara Falls right now yeah
they are all in Niagara Falls
so Jacob and Albert he is grandpa and
his is filled with candy plus ramen
noodles and these cracker jacks and
Twinkies Twinkies and dad should be
happy and it's all in this nifty little
walking dead bag with us complete with
Darryl so here comes Michael Green okay
is that how you hear a runway model
talking oh here comes Michael wearing a
t-shirt and I'm 50 Easter basket over a
shoulder
oh we do this oh god the trash so
everybody knows we were cleaning right
now that's why that's there yeah we
cleaned up the fridge healthy things
here we go
so here comes Michael wearing a t-shirt
and a stupid little bag they do it right
yeah Michael you got to help me it's
it's late I know you're scared but you
need to frickin help wait it's summer
riots are back in the woods
I'll help Happy Easter I can open them
hey here's one
how the Easter was the Frog I'm not frog
boy pickle boy I didn't have a pick okay
a pickle basket pickle basket behind
insulin shot here Oh literally and this
get out literally not yet it okay
kidding mm-hmm so we got little
marshmallows these I love it
okay will slow this okay you know I have
this right I'm sorry
I love it like don't I do too although
each wins now I'll call them to Thompson
Twins oh all right
when I play my wrestlers I turn them
into new people
Oh America sniper yep very cool I don't
have this and I will read it got a Pro
Wrestling Illustrated Seth Rollins on
the cover I've not read a pro wrestling
illustrated in years this is cool the
rating on the wrestlers they rate the
los matadores and F cool okay an
Ultimate Warrior that's awesome I need
that belt I'm glad I buy some times of
my wrestlers I don't even want just for
the belt that's a good build
so Ultimate Warrior hey my basket Thank
You Bridget yeah welcome you know I
don't need this candy right trying to
lose weight
oh that's why I only got you a little
bit if you people haven't noticed I've
been slowing down a little bit you are
you're really good I'm not but you
actually lost about 20 pounds well I
don't do the Wednesday weighs anymore
because they fuck me up
uh what I'll do is I'll starve myself
all week to make weight and then by the
time Wednesday happens I'll just fucking
eat and that is a sure way to lose and
it's when you call it dieting it's a
whole thing I'm not on a diet I'm just
trying to change my life so I haven't
trim it down a little bit just no way
ends but definitely huh when I reach a
milestone by 315 or something I will
weigh in was that a nerdy smile yeah
yeah it's cute
okay thank you there goes that twenty
hour long well that's gonna be it for
today you guys thanks for watching uh
the baby talk uh Bridget might have
thought she might have been pregnant at
some point this week uh she's not she's
not but that's what the baby talk was I
decided to name this vlog baby talk so
that's what the baby talk was all about
she might have been and she's been
fuckin with me ever since about it
nothing I would be upset as she was you
know gotta be a father some time right
you know better now than when I'm 40
years old and by the time the frickin
kids ready to go to high school I'm
oldest fuck so anyway I don't know I'm
talking about forget all that shit gonna
be a dad's house tomorrow night for
Easter dinner and that's it there's a
pretty cool video on the him and hustle
right now the YouTube channel uh Paul
Heyman's YouTube channel he did a music
video for suplex City
suplex City bitch I guess Brock Lesnar
screamed that during the match I didn't
know because I was there but Brock
Lesnar screamed it and the rapper pfv if
you don't know who he is
check his shit out his link is below he
made a song for it and Paul Heyman made
it into a music video and it's awesome
it's really cool check it out the link
is below it is also the card if you look
at the top of the video you stick a
little circle click that and you'll be
able to go to it that belongs to mobile
too so check it out
link is below gotta see it if you have
seen it see it again share it with
everybody it is awesome suplex City
anyway Happy Easter you guys it is a
great great time of year because we get
and I'm looking forward to tomorrow of
course I gently am trying to stay on
this diet I wasn't bullshit I'm not
joking around I feel like I have lost a
little bit of weight I'm trying to lose
more it's uh it's pretty pretty good so
not going to go crazy tomorrow but
thanks for watching you guys
see you tomorrow like subscribe favorite
and that's it
