what's going on you guys keep you out a
camera here we just yeah right before I
hit record my doorbell rang so pretty
sure is dad let's go answer it please
Michael just do something Michael do
something yes dad I'm Alicia go with big
man I'll loosen those teeth whatever
great
Oh where'd you get this yard sale
I caught looking problems records yeah
and I saw it Tony you I look good
looking man I look good like that
well we couldn't hang your picture next
to Bridget on the bed she looked she
loved that she would date me well we
have an official video coming out later
in the week yeah so where's this place
that and Somerville Somerville yep come
on there's gotta be a closer one not one
I trust you trust this guy everybody
else does
he'd come highly recommended here we go
Oh Ned the wino in the bar she's real
good here we go
and are we gonna be nice to each other
they said it all right it must be on
winnings apartments into the sauna I'm
sorry I'm not going to a house the man
my brother laughs is out I won't go to
it then you day you go to a and I'm farm
fucking this puppy not you
tattoos North Charleston we're going to
know Charleston dude I don't like where
we are right now I've got a feeling we
I'm looking for damn drive-by
oh shit we are the one driving body you
need to make this place up oh we can't
fall I'm gonna do the tattoos is that
you not know you're know I gap oh I
already set for the machine sorry I
won't do it you got dude bar we all give
your words you go to the fans down as
you tell me they're not fans they're
young uns I'm not gonna do anything I'm
gonna go to a place I'll get my gender
you don't do yourself a home tattoo or
you want I was going to do mine I'll do
that nevermind but I'm gonna get my own
somewhere else
that's the back shop you went to that
day yeah I know this is it right here
yeah
artistic thing right here you goddamn
can see Outfitters usual hey you tell
Maurice barbecue sauce it's good man
artistic ink damn smoke I smoke got in
my eyes hmm what can we go in yes I want
a motorcycle tactical my goose I can
have anything I want I want a motorcycle
you want a motorcycle yeah want a
motorcycle I don't know I guess I don't
know a motorcycle he was a motorcycle
man he wants a motorcycle tank into a
cycle maybe I get in this tattoo here
you like attention boy did a good job
with me it's all bull it's like a big
blob now look we do it at you can cover
it up cover it up what I'm gonna rag or
something turn it into a rectangle yeah
we're into a rectangle box do anything
ever you want give me things okay dude
go get some Tibet all right I'll be back
nice to meet you Matt nice meeting you
man okay so here's the deal
all right we're gonna work we talked
about it choose each other's tattoos and
he's gonna choose me grapple Logan I'm
gonna choose working friend something
simple and I'm gonna have a train set
he's not choosing what he wants he's not
gonna do a tattoo
all right he's getting primed all right
I can do that I'll lay it out he's
getting it treated my shit yeah perfect
I'm really good at that I use a piece of
crap yes oh look do that like that
looking like that super nice man just
great ways that damn gross tattoo on her
back yeah - this chick man do it good
and it's not painful you know we got any
younger flip in his area they would
check him out
yeah if you live in the Somerville area
check out artistic Inc and the North
main centre so right now
Bridget and I are on our way to dinner
with Grandpa hat law kureta now you will
notice there's a big audio difference
right now so how do you change my shirt
Oh even wearing the same shirt for two
days is how we belong together
so uh you will notice the audio earlier
in the video was shitty in fact there
was about five or six minutes worth of
footage that I just didn't used because
the audio was so terrible um the new
camera I have to figure out the settings
for it there's something wrong with it I
don't know but all the audio was I don't
know so right now I'm back on this
camera where the audio seems good so
back to this audio right now back to
this camera yeah and then we're at the
tattoo shop earlier yeah a lot of the
audio was screwed up man but so oh yeah
dad Bridget said he's getting a
motorcycle taxi oh that's cool yeah
remember when you had that trike yeah I
wasn't gonna belong and it was a Honda
look at you belong in the car there's a
Bose back a parade or something I had
like you should seen it Bridget had
these like little colorful strands
hanging off with like Easy Rider it was
a pile of crap I ran well we've had a
lot of stuff that runs by that I don't
mean is nice done with dinner
what'd you think yeah good you actually
I'm not do it you ate yours
yeah pretty much well grandpa sign it
out bah well here we are home had a good
dinner with Grandpa and I got home to
notice I had a wrestle crate here so I
peel back the tape but I've not opened
this yet you excited for this to Clyde
okay check it he go
all right so anyway well what is that I
don't know that was really funny so I
guess it's a wrestle crap it was an
early preview of the crane this is an
example of the ultimate crate Russell
crane I'm really sorry they destroyed
the box she's still going at it fella
please please no more destroying this
hack slash nail-biter looks like some
sort of wrestling comic book that's
pretty cool man I'm still cooking up
this is kind of cool isn't that so
wrestling comic book number two are
these wrestling pencils awesome I like
pencil no no no these are crazy
the next is we have these two packs of
WWE trading cards these are the 2013
edition w/e dog tags edition John Cena
and the best of WWE 2013 trading card
DVD W SummerSlam the complete anthology
volume 3 98 2002 there's a 5 disc set
that's always so this is stuff this ok
this is an example of the ultimate crate
which I believe is $29 for the month
I've got more than frickin 60 bucks with
the stuff here this is crazy
it's awesome 2015 that's 35 already for
just those and then you got that I'll
look at that in a minute I shouldn't
seen it already the dogs kind of opened
it to me but a triple H pop toy on the
game Triple H hey game Hey so Triple H
hot toy the last thing is a w/e battle
pack the New Age Outlaws Road Dogg Jesse
James and the bad ass Billy Gunn two
figures this is really cool oh wow if
you want to see wrestle crates the link
is below
fingers crossed your dog doesn't do what
mine did yeah I that was crazy
I felt like I was in an episode of The
Walking Dead that's what it's like they
went crazy for a second over that Bob it
was very funny I don't know if they
sprinkled crap in the box before they
sent it to me what happened there but
these dogs and they're settled now look
at this hide what was in that bar you
good now we good are we friends like
were you trying to tear up my stuff is
that what it was oh I'll take it back if
you want to give it to me y'all settle
down now Bella after eating a box
oh we're y'all coming for now well
that's gonna be it for today you guys
well uh thanks for watching if you have
any suggestions for a tattoo you want
grandpa again if you look in the lick if
you look in the description you will see
a link to the custom ink of the tattoo
parlor that we're going to their
Facebook page go to their Facebook give
it a like and
post a comment on what you think grandpa
should get and I'll take a look at those
and we'll look at your suggestions I
guess we got to talk about that I'm not
sure yet you did hear what I said right
we're pranking dad horse you got so you
knew about this already
yes grandpa's getting pranked he ain't
get no nice tattoo like you think he's
getting Bridget and I are gonna get some
nice tattoos and he's getting a fucking
tramp stamp
