what's going on you guys keeping on a
camera here and today is Friday and
first things first
today I'm going to be meeting up with
Joe Weller youtuber you might know him
as the kid who did wrestling moves on
his girlfriend gonna be hanging out with
him today his friend his friend is the
dude actually met and the first vlog
when I went this when I got to San Jose
his link is below check them out gonna
be chillin with Joe today we got a lot
of stuff selfless get Friday started was
this cold was this hotel called Fairmont
while we're in the Fairmont right now
which naming it and we're vlogging as a
blog it's me again hi Joe Joe Weller
it's like inception of cameras looks you
have law exception though we're here at
the Fairmont and these guys are drinking
this wait are y'all 21 yeah yeah okay
all right
I'm mr. blush holding something on
camera that Kate show like the other day
like I was moving the weed I had to cut
it out of the kids video here with Joe
and his friend hey which what's your
name again me I forgot your name I keep
forgetting Chris London what is your
YouTube champ mr. London calm with
tallest youtuber are you really I am I
have to be the head that's what sets him
apart look at this now I'm on a step
that I wasn't gonna say I was gonna say
it though hey wait let's see let's see
if you're taller on the seconds I'll
listen do you still taller he is only
the same he is on the bottom and look at
this I have to be on stairs to be
anywhere near as tall as this guy I was
watching this channel last night if you
want to see it the link is below
it's very entertaining it's cool day
angry grandpa shout-out to Christopher
London pickle boy pickle man no pickle
boy I don't even try call me pickle man
don't do that it's yeah and people are
gonna do it now imma have like pickle
boy behind a dildo in the comment
sections would be terrible
well you don't want to be called people
I love it hello oh I said don't I made
the mistake and said pickle man and now
they're gonna start saying it all right
pickle man I know no pickle mate
my pickle mate um pickle man sitting
here with James what's going on you got
your sick way did you take off your
glasses just for the shot
no I can put a mic on what's going on
you guys kid behind a pickle boy behind
a insulin shot diabetes dildo grouped
diabetes dildo group a collection man
baby behind the suit-and-tie wasn't it
your favorite one
yeah and baby yeah and a certain time
just because of the picture yeah with
your students huh
well we are on all of us hat here right
now with Joe Weller Joe Ellis friend and
this is sick it's amazing I can't show
anything but I can't tell you you need
to see this video when it happens right
everybody's talking here this is so cool
this is the coolest suit so greatest
moment of my life is this you can go
home I kiss you gonna miss Russell many
I'm gonna stick around
hello get everybody I'm Jim Ross and we
are here for the rematch of the century
the rematch that the world has been
talking about for weeks for months they
thought it would never happen it's going
to happen right here right now
Joe Weller and his girlfriend the
rematch of the millennium pitted the
world is waiting to see this the rematch
between Joe Weller and his girlfriend
it's not gonna happen next week it's not
gonna happen next year it's gonna happen
right now
I think I think it's been going what the
fuck are you doing I'm in the foot what
the fuck are you doing well we are we've
got access this is cool we have full
access this is the full access pass so
we'll access the access I think we're
blocking people up and let this time off
let's get out of the way so been here
for a few minutes this stuff is really
cool
you right now we're in the memorabilia
section where we got all kinds of you
know really cool stuff sitting here and
all the class all the poster and
artifacts
fionna stings outfit over there
Oh's you look
Wow
it doesn't fit
contract look at that
was that morning what happened on that
roll
I'm sure as you should remember that the
whole pro-gay McMahon contract sign what
happened I don't know man you're an
expert yeah you do
hi how are you I'm very good how are you
good
congratulations hey man I'm just fat
that's not a baby that's a sub sandwich
I had a meatball sub earlier how are you
what are what are we talking about
nothing I'm just showing you on camera
oh hi you got a cool shot with the
WrestleMania behind you yeah you make
any background look cool dude you're
just cool we're just cool my fuck what
about the gravy cook of are you gonna
get him over and on I probably shouldn't
cuz I'll out cook both of them but yeah
but you talk about a ham right well yeah
southern gravy ham sausage you care ham
or sausage gravy I'm not a fan of either
get rid of him altogether I think that's
just yeah irrelevant I say we get rid of
this guy yeah she's not into a man cool
person I've ever met now I'm just not
into it I just don't like it
you're not cool you're my sausage gravy
right that's true
sausage gravy is the best I think I'm a
drought they may be the chorizo yeah oh
yeah you get down with your recipient
here who do you think is gonna win a
service tree zone do you think you know
and I think grandpa may win but I don't
know shooter may sitting up on what do
you think grandpa's not going to win
let's just throw that out there he burns
everything I win because shooter could
get easily distracted and then if
shooter wins I'm gonna tell you that
guitar he signed is getting passing into
the wall oh no you can't be down it
can't smash that guitar one other
question before we throw it to our ortho
rails my lol oh okay dude you're suppose
you're super strong if that's the WWE
bro
I'm heading out oh what's his calm
that's what I keep forgetting it's like
I was going down I have to go up for you
a sentence too great for God
it was like a 1980s my video you don't
understand
so I'm sitting here what's your name
Jordan Sarah Jordan at access like are
you interested we're leaving access
it's been real my god where the Finnish
man gives up what are the Finnish better
access you know that good god no I'm at
NXT I'm not allowed to film in here so
I'm only going to give an intro is a
Yelp one of the youngins put your name
grab Brad right here got to turn this
off or get kicked out of here and I
don't want to get kicked out of here
got any closing remarks what's going on
you guys kid he's just a loser that's it
goodbye so I'm sitting here with Jacob
sitting here with Jake up and saw me at
NXT and he wanted to say hello and this
is my mother Lori
you like the show who you want
he better be here Hadrian it'll better
be here
so NXT this is great
appreciate me I appreciate you flagging
me over buddy just ran into pickle boy
we've been watching him and Grandpa for
over two years great to meet a great guy
he's going to enjoy mania hashtag see ya
we miss you we wish you were here Julie
get me swag give me strength give me
strength I don't want to break anything
he laughs no oh sorry dude so awesome
you're the man thanks for taking the
photo
there were your the range of yeah yeah
yeah question question is it real
of course we are leaving in XT
that was awesome Jimbo
almost dead
are you going
Jim I'm pretty sure it got 20% of life
left if he doesn't sleep he's going to
die you fell asleep on the show
hey what's up man
Yeah right now I where'd you live run
okay can I get a photo hard
you good you're gonna live through this
I don't know you're gonna follow the
string you hit my cab I'm sure of it
it'll probably happen I'm gonna record
if it does worse has happened I'm gonna
put it on document in reality go for do
you wake yourself up keep on put your
face in that when that was lame do you
live up to it there you go
look so refreshing so abrupt we're gonna
head out of here soaking wet again
second time twice today so we are headed
out of here with NXT did an awesome
fucking video with Joe Weller with Paul
Heyman hello Jim Ron and good old jr. I
don't like a son-of-a-bitch pickleboy so
piccaboo has a family pick a boy you son
of a bitch so big so we are out of here
best day I've ever had it was cool man
awesome
I'm ready for sleep for like coma type
sleep like hey there's nothing wrong
with going into a coma I go to them
quite often every time I eat
you
Oh
