what's going on you guys to be on camera
here today is literally yesterday you
know what I mean by that is today is the
end of yesterday's video but I went to
sleep too late and I didn't record but
now I'm recording again it is today
which is Wednesday which I let me check
to make sure because I make sure my
folks up here it's Wednesday so today is
Wednesday still in San Jose at one point
is vlog yesterday I was in San Diego I'm
not in San Diego in San Jose so just
gonna go do nothing nothing isn't that
great and when vacation in San Jose and
I'm gonna do nothing probably check in
an out burger that's my goal my whole
goal in this trip is to go in and out
broker well I can skip Wrestlemania as
long as I get to in an out burger
not really so right now I am in Silicon
Valley in San Jose and this is super
nice it's like I'm gonna used to sing
streets that don't have dirt and trash
all over it it's nice just walking
around San Jose like I said this place
is mix Charleston look like a dirt hole
which it is now I realize it Charleston
is a filth trap this place is super nice
so making her way around San Jose I ran
across this sandwich place
mr. pickles sandwich shop so I told
Bridget I would get it recorded for him
so there it is mr. pickles so we just
learned about a trick Arya's gonna do it
we gonna charge this phone with like
quarters in a paperclip or something I
say he's gonna be guy for something I'm
gonna charge my phone with this I'm
trying to find where it was I saw it
here just a minute ago no paper clip it
on the other side oh yeah we might need
a little paperclip oh yeah we'll try it
with this one now what did he do you put
the piece of paper over one that's
something I didn't see that perhaps
doesn't look like it's charging okay big
fail or what rainy are we doing it right
it looked right smooth okay maybe I
don't have the right body energy all
right yeah we'll see if my body does the
trick hold that yeah all right paper
clip those what if we try the other side
yeah do that in the mean time to see
where we're chilling right now oh my god
right I mean we could chalk this up to
like fail it failed didn't work epic
fail and I blame re personally okay I am
watching this video from fall Haman on
the Haman household and he has this
exclusive video from behind the scenes
that
and look up working gigantic rockets
look at this dude he is shred I've never
seen anything like this dude and he
makes coal looks so small if you want to
see the video the link is below it's
nice it's got behind the Spanish air
this is awesome them seriously Brock
Lesnar sighs it's under there so we are
sitting here on Santana Row this place
so we were just on our way to a place
called straight and I did not feel
comfortable in that place what do you
think Ari it was it was not our style I
was like here I am wearing the shirt
with like a rhinoceros on it and like I
see everybody coming out wearing like
freaking tuxedos and shit I was like it
is like is this a restaurant or the WWE
Hall of Fame like it's ridiculous
so we're at the Cheesecake Factory Oh
glorious cheesecake and burgers exactly
what I wanted to pretend anyway that's
it
cheesecake back I gotta show this this
menu
it's like I don't know if I'm taking
like a GED test like reading about or
like a driving pamphlet or ordering food
for a meeting
Steagall I'm definitely getting
cheesecake to tell you that
so I was kidding my house for some I
know a couple parts out we were on a day
like not that there's anything wrong
with course no I support all right but
it's a it's funny okay maybe this deed
people are advertising in the Cheesecake
Factory maybe coop like how do you do
that you buy like a business do you want
to advertise a Cheesecake Factory menu
in the San Jose and people just agree
I believe when people are looking for
their appetizers they want to know about
your lotions and other products that
were set off but it dig deeper self used
the cokecake so check it out we're
surrounded by the Eye of Sauron
it really does because it's all over the
place Sauron is everywhere everywhere
the Dark Lord is near
so I didn't show any events but I got a
Kobe burger all day and I'm still
getting cheesecake here well that's
gonna be it for today you guys long day
if you want to see the video with Paul
Hammond that link is below Dan amped up
for Wrestlemania man getting closer I
think we're gonna go to access on
Saturday so getting amped up for
Wrestlemania excited just to join the
trip to San Jose checked out Silicon
Valley today we went to the Cheesecake
Factory because we felt really out of
place to want anywhere else and
Cheesecake Factory it was still nice and
it was delicious and the mini was huge
and I didn't get cheesecake like I said
it was gonna do anyway that's gonna be
it I'm exhausted the time difference is
screwing me up but anyway thanks for
watching you guys having a great time so
far like subscribe favorite and that's
it
