what's going on you guys can't be on the
camera here it is Tuesday morning and I
am about to go to the airport board my
flight and go to San Jose can the phone
here come right back where I started
from
Bridget's a little sad so am i but it's
just a week babe I will see you in a
week so don't worry about it
she's a little freaked out cause we're
like a crash today or something like the
French Alps or something we good
I'm gonna be fine well I'm leaving don't
be sad yeah
don't be sad just a week that's not too
long days go by really quick of course
they do like I said about time on land
this days already over I get there 6:30
at night which would be like 9:30 a
night here yeah 9:30 Holley shed could
being said don't go I gotta go watch
WrestleMania here No
let's make sure I got everything for
head out love you know if you did you'd
come
yep let's go book you take over well
here we are
head to the Charleston National Airport
and grandpa shades and he's got his
teeth in oh my god that's crazy that
much do they that's crazy how my family
you honey here therefore it UV you'll
find you a honey at the airport my do
you're dressed for it
here I am Ronald my pants dirty but
fucking Oh question don't work why the
fuck do you make me give so early this
morning you did why didn't pretty for
you too funny apart because she'd be
crying on the way home all cry cry cry
God as all bridge does cry she's uh
right now she's all freaked out because
I guess there was a plane crash in the
French Alps or something
did you tell story about fucking house
why you're going i actually hike total
the complete opposite i'm totally white
icon you look at man I'm getting a week
off him you I where we going Bridget to
and she's still coming over for Sunday
dinner
what yeah I told her his in fact you got
like this not old you guys time to come
over Sunday dinner but I told her to
plan the dinner she wants seafood
yep you having a seafood Sunday are you
kidding me and the reason I said seep is
because I don't eat this y'all can get
back dinner out of the way man that
fucker maybe the next Center we should
all just get a bunch of pizzas chill Adi
oh now we're gonna do that light the
cooking part all right what do you want
to go no I'll figure something it's
really hard to top that chicken Sunday
would ya I never felt Cheney Oh God
I didn't get none of it I didn't get out
of the way homey there I was like oh man
there was the one you know how you that
whole mouth fuck oh that that that shit
is delish
I ate a whole motherfucking fettuccine
oh look who it is
what Boeing huh oh shit yeah fuck you
boy did not go gentle into that good
night
this is gonna be quite the fight yeah I
guess I'm glad I anyone doesn't play I'm
still scared of planes even after you
flew one you don't feel a letter
I'm a fly one and wizard August for
SummerSlam
yeah oh shit oh my god I'm gonna miss
you but if I see you in a week Tuesday
stay in touch with me try not to be an
idiot and break anything on let's do
this have a safe trip man fine try not
to a breaking thing while I'm gone
well I hope you have a safe trip I will
and find you if you find me a new
daughter-in-law why they bring her back
oh me oh you bring her back well I'm
sitting here at the airport they wind up
they're renovating this thing so it's a
little worse for the wear but anyway I
am right now while getting ready to
board a flight to Charlotte and
Charlotte to freakin Texas Texas to
fricking San Jose so I'm in for a long
ride thing up for first-class
so anyway talking low getting off trip
to San Jose
just landed in San Jose what a long
flight
it's 6:30 there was a time difference
that was crazy but here we are
and what was your hey man I'm Chris
Chris Phyllis guys like the tallest I've
ever seen you too Christopher London
calm hey what is your name Jaime
Gonzalez it was nice meeting you yeah
yeah oh my gosh I look for the tattoos
honestly oh yeah yeah yeah my my nerd
tats let's go there
what is that ball
mine's Harry Potter Hey so I'm sitting
here with hi mate what's up bro hey I
just want to give a shout out Man 2 in
your grandpa Bridget and Tina and I'm a
big fan of you guys now really a big
huge fan of you guys keep it up
so I'm sitting here in San Diego
goodness first of all it's a little
cooler than I thought you think it's a
little colder than you were right it's
like like here I am in shorts and
stuffing like well I guess they look
more like high waters or something
they're they're really low shorts but
it's a lot colder one check out the
temperature someone calling me frigid
hello hey I can't hear you I'm trying to
vlog in your and your own speaker oh I
just land I'm sitting here what's your
name man Chris it's a gay he's another
youtuber his name's Chris Chris London I
think he's from London or he was in
London
he's like the tallest guy I've ever seen
it's crazy the camera out to get them
yeah 6:10 for those are gonna ask thanks
Tim that's what 610 looks like if you
wonder just how short Diane let me say
next to this guy for a minute if you
feel me like all you see is like his
chest no I haven't I forgot yeah I was
thinking of modern family crap him the
Disney show
yeah buddy should have just seen it this
guy was standing and I come up to his
tits so I come up to his pecs you yo say
and then another person came up to me
she works here at the airport she she
offered me free hot dogs I'm saving all
my I'm saving everything for in-and-out
burger well it is the next day I think
crashed about 3:00 in the morning but
this sunlight is bright as hell it is
hot in California so I'm gonna get out
of here I'm gonna try to get another
vlog than today but you won't see it
till tomorrow because the Wi-Fi here is
horrible we're working on it gonna get
it fixed
but anyway that's gonna be it thanks for
watching you guys this is still the next
day I don't know what day I'm at anymore
The Times wasn't fucking me up but
that's gonna be it
thanks for watching like subscribe
favorite Oh God and that's it
and Bridget I love you
