what's going on you guys keep me on the
camera here it is Sunday I'm at
Grandpa's house for another cookout with
this we considered a cookout you know do
the girl no no I just figured a cookout
I'll cook okay there's a cook in we're
at a cooking at Grandpa's house and Tina
wasn't charged two of the biggest dishes
of the night let's take a look at them
first
Tina man what is this Tina chicken
Fettuccine veggie Tina made this big
face chicken Fettuccine right now we got
mashed potatoes making for his mom
brought over a big old baked macaroni
and cheese Brigitte made pasta salad and
in the oven and Tina made all this fuck
it oh my God look at all that Fried
Chicken all the weight on his mashed
potatoes you think that I'm just you're
just another man as we were thinking all
along
those are pretty little yes didn't you
feel good looking good
you want your master okay team is over
there clucking like a chicken you got a
mascot Urbanek big boy came back over
map
you owe me a mash get here I guess some
fucking anger and me teaching yourself
goddamn five
I jump again I'm breaking a motherfucker
yeah man Tina this chicken looks awesome
yeah fYI Bridget never won recorded
video I had a banker record the chicken
thank you I ornate the chickens you
don't want recording yeah we're gonna
eight-man oh my gosh oh the chicken
bling-bling
stop the camera that's to you that what
smile you're on candid camera
yes all I'm good for is walking fucking
dishes and cooking goddamn chicken oh my
lady don't forget it Jake yeah yeah
thank you I feel cherished amarte
grandpa's fucking pots and pans
they're pretty only done by older people
on is halfway between up show you how to
do this nice for the dying fuckface I
love look look out gotcha can feel fun
get the food faithful Fat Boy
once you're eating all students are I
can't be obeyed oh sure oh my man it's
funny well everybody left up and sitting
there eating on some of the food cookout
with Grandpa yo man you got to stop
saying that
it's raining how fast we could go got
okay the cookout good no the cook in
excuse me with her in yes we get happy
yeah so we had a cookout I call in so
Tina's chicken first of all good god
that lady can make chicken
how the hell have you hidden this
chicken that she makes for all these
times but I don't read it you know who
told me was good
I read 318 couldn't grief man it was
outstanding hard the best chicken
village she made me chicken Fettuccine
is there any more that look British do
we have any of that
no well good job out
I made me play home but what the food if
you brought some who we're bringing
Playtone oh I was asking there's a new
chicken Fettuccine on it we made chicken
Fettuccine I don't talk about oh you hit
it that's what this is I have no idea we
talk about where did you get this record
player got a yard sale how much think I
paid 10 bucks that's nice dude yeah we
don't work out bad really
yeah I use more record Macky and find
unaware of cheap that began you need to
get some records he was just send you
something
yeah if y'all gonna record it right yeah
how soon me sixties seventies yeah you
know what you know what anything about
doing what I've been thinking about
hiding a camera in your house and
filming you and your karaoke machine
I'll be damned into a net well pop I
appreciate you having us
yeah Brad come Mike oh you're glad we
came huh yeah
Lucinda trying to kick me out so just
trying to do yeah your hands in your
pocket you want to be on that karaoke
machines with you that's ready I'll
leave now what kind of songs do you sing
on that thing whatever I make up you
just looking oh my gosh usually sing
impromptu music oh well you owe me the
uncut scene what do you want to do hair
just gonna sit here
well thanks for bringing me to you
cookout yeah cook in Oh would you girls
like tweet all right let's get a
thumbnail here hold the cupcakes up to
the camera
I want to thumbnail image
come I can't see you and the cupcakes in
that hey I get thumbnail okay just stand
still and I'll tell you when you're done
Sam cell from another couple seconds
couple more seconds hold on
I'm done by hanging the phone panel well
I'm leaving grandpa's house that is my
last cookout for little for a week
because Wednesday I leave for California
oh so you let me go in six freaking days
Oh
hmm hey you should come come I can't
okay
there's a freaking key little point man
you can have somebody do it for you
no I can't okay so I'm leaving Wednesday
if Ella really needs to get rid of this
cancer going to San Jose San Jose okay
so it's gonna be a lot of fun thank God
I'm flying first class because my fat
ass is not gonna be sitting in a coach
seat for frickin five hours Oh
so anyway on my way home that was the
cook n excuse me Father the cook in
would he be cooking fuck out jeez that
was the cook in it was your cause of the
cooking just call it dinner yeah on our
way home
well we're felt there's Bella - I'm lazy
we're back home soon here with the
doggies oh there they go so guess I
didn't really get much footage of the
cooking and people eating one thing I
don't want to film people while they're
eating also I didn't really show the
dessert that I brought I call it summer
cool cake I don't know well if that's
what it's called I don't know if it's
made anywhere else my grandma used to
make it for us as a kid basically you
take a chocolate cake you could you bake
it you put in the first to cool down you
take it out you cover it and chocolate
pudding and you sit it in the fridge
overnight the next morning you put more
chocolate pudding on it hi
amela and then you cover and whip cream
and I never showed it I never showed me
covering the whipped cream I actually
made it on video a part of it check this
out okay
so right now it is actually Saturday
night and this is going at some point in
the middle of the vlog however here we
are hey Bella
you interested we are in the process of
making the summer cool cake as you can
see right here I cut the top off of the
knife that way the pudding I'm about to
add can soak in to the cake and right
there we've made it a little spot right
there where it's still gooey it was an
accident but it's gonna be delicious
I couldn't made a big bowl of pudding
which maybe I shouldn't but instead I
got a bunch of these I'm going to open
them up and pour them on top of this
cake I'm gonna put this in the
frigerator to get cool overnight a lot
of the pudding is actually gonna soak
into the cake itself that that's why I
cut the top off of it so a lot of the
pudding Kanak soaked into the cake
itself and it's going to get really
moist now tomorrow I'm going to add more
pudding over to the top of it and it's
going to be a fresh batch and then I'm
going to cover it and whipped cream this
the summer cool cake and I never use
that well I guess I just did use that
but all the reason I didn't use it in
the video earlier it's cuz it follow up
on it right girl
so anyway huh good day what's going on
with you okay what you want to tell me
you won't just chill out with me anyway
so anyway good day team a your chicken
was the bomb Oh
Restaurant Bridge was doing baby talk
ate wet want Kwame so yeah that was some
restaurant quality chicken
Tina nobody thinks your man that was a
joke I said earlier cuz I know you next
time I see is she gonna go I'm gonna
fuck you think you are man called me a
fucking man and she would just stalk the
shit out of me so no I was joking though
anyway thanks for watching you guys
that's gonna be it for today that was
the cooking with angry grandpa we was
cooking so had a great time with that
had a
you know I really enjoy doing this every
Sunday I'm gonna miss it next Sunday but
following Sunday we're back so anyway
thanks for watching you guys
like subscribe follow everything it's
raining out be happy that next week
you'll know yeah you know I'm gonna send
eclipse you have to put some in the ball
and that's it it's almost like a frozen
image you haven't moved your face once
I'll see how long you can keep it going
hey
