okay here we go grandpa is riding I turn
it on yeah what are you thinking about
you fat fucking here hold all that I
will ride a goddamn bag
Omar you ain't why you got the way you
pay for that bitch and you pop a tire
motive or get out Fat Boy
no get off though I dare you to ride it
hey yeah hey go get that big puncher in
the house for me right now cuz when here
I get all my life I knew why you believe
maybe this won't hurt oh there was a
video what about this thing Tina can be
ride this yeah I'll go ahead let him
ride I want to sing oh my god dad go
handlebars on this thing oh my go ahead
no kids anytime soon bad man get on
every boy but he's had enough kids for a
while
alright down big boy what it alright I
do this you ride you go okay I got it I
got game look if you're gonna ride I'm
gonna ride to bitch around what I get I
get it come on go
that's good law you know fucker ones you
how about oh yeah you can do a ginger
you can do a gadget I guess you're gonna
ballsy keeper on it bitches I did it you
can into it because you talk about
excuses excuses to you thank you master
directors watch you kick that shit hurts
like a motherfucker fuck there's one dad
ride off into the sunset
oh you all right yeah I'm not keeping
this footage yeah I don't like that Oh
sad you good I'm not keeping that
footage dude keep it no oh my god you
just put wasting someone hog gave it you
uh put it up
no I'm not the hell you ain't daddy go
fuck oh and knock the shit out of him if
you don't put that out don't you ever
fill me again you understand Hey
all right no no I told you fat-ass doubt
that guy Ronnie I'm fucking my son shit
up now I'm gonna right now AGP stop yeah
you know to break his fucking times is
backing up but be touchy I'll be that
bitch but you still not get on there
motherfucker oh yeah yeah yeah yeah
kids boys back
where to goddamn horn hey I guess gotta
go to store you know so I hit my fuckin
18-wheeler hope you got in happy now you
got what you wanted do you go what you
wanted I didn't push you or anything you
look you want to write it to die man oh
shit oh shit oh shit oh fuck gonna put
my goddamn phone
so far leave that but why are you so mad
no one your son follow me yes were you
mad outside for cuz you fell yeah you're
the one who wanted to ride the thing Lee
again I'm a fucking house get out
