what's going on you guys can be on a
camera here right now my battery's going
dead so there's got to be a short intro
and second there it goes
this was a very impulsive I just made
before I hit record I had already cut a
piece only well there it goes
so cutting my hair would it be nice if
my hair look good instead of like shit
on my fat-ass head here we go
have you seen right there you can see it
at all it was dying oh well well here I
am head shaved unibrow gone beer trimmed
ready for California so anyway today is
Friday and that's it
nothing else planned Friday I do have a
clip I'm gonna play in a little bit
probably the name of the video huh I
just found it yesterday is from the day
grandpa didn't have his cigarettes we
had made this stupid a little bit about
if he can pick up his change in one
minute so that's gonna be near the end
of the video and I also have the video
of grandpa riding the scooter I just
don't know if you guys want to see it
because he falls and I'm in this sad if
you want to see that video click like he
has demanded that I put it up he is very
pissed off that I haven't yet he writes
me weird video and I haven't put it up
yet click like if you want to see that
video and maybe I'll do it tomorrow or
Sunday or click like if you want to see
it alright
while I was just outside and got buddy
he's a bad guy
don't worry buddy you get into the clean
he kind it's doing fine I'm reading to
the vet for a really good allergy pill
so poor Clyde dealing with more hot
spots guys one on the top of his head
and in his wrinkles I'm gonna take him
to the vet
poor buddy
well nerd blog's come on you know I
don't like that for those who still
don't know why I do that when I get a
nerve block it's like an OCD thing I got
to get a good slap on it and she goes to
slap it again and make sure like I gotta
get it again but I feel okay right now
open the box all right nerd block shirt
put you aside
simon pegg book i'll put that aside to
buddy could you not mess with this all
right first things first
guardians of the galaxy nesting dolls
just open this up just see what we're
looking at here all right
you know they're all gonna say
everyone's got a group dildo Oh pickle
boy behind a group doesn't fit nicely in
your burnt asshole pickle fuck behind a
group building what's up for them a
little group build up Oh within a
smaller oh my god but then it's smaller
cuz one of those things where they gets
like smaller and smaller so that's
pretty cool another countless a
guardians of the galaxy magnet oh that's
cool
there's a very pro guardians of the
galaxy crazy
next okay
is April full stuff this is kind of cool
first of course the always classical
whoopee cushion and mr. freeze prank ice
cubes it bugs in them
oh that's cool I got try to use these
for dad one day oh yeah and we use this
in just a minute
multicolored edition money world's
do-it-yourself
I think it's none of those things work
you open up and it's a blank plate you
color it yourself
it's my purple giraffe dildo now yeah
okay blue it's just like a one of the
dress things you see blue I see purple
okay next is a simon pegg book a small
boys journey to becoming a big kid nerd
do well
simon pegg that's pretty cool very cool
we got a Simon Pegg book oh man what
it's time to picture a shot at the dead
it's my shirt Shaun of the Dead shirt
that is sick
wow that's our nerd block for today we
got our Shaun of the Dead shirt
the Simon Pegg book a whoopee cushion
prank ice cubes this the Guardian the
galaxy dildo in the Magnum now let's try
the sofa cushion jeez man what about it
I don't know sir
oh now that the whoopee cushion stuff is
over with and we got the nerd block open
let's go ahead and check out that
footage oh god this is grandpa and I'm
making a bet I never put it in the vlog
because I extended the clip and I cut it
and I didn't know it was there and so
for some reason I just didn't use it so
here it is I watched it today I thought
it was funny I said I'll probably
include it in the vlog so check this out
this is the bet that I made with grandpa
I think these will take you the most
time just picking up all this change
okay yeah I do you want to bet 25 25 20x
and 120 bucks yeah okay you will get 20
packs of cigarettes you can pick all the
change-up in under a minute
a minute 30 seconds oh no I god dude you
need to take all that end you give me
some imodium do you realize you're trash
from the floor fill up the entire
garbage can care less
hey you ready for change because I might
add a timer to the bottom of the screen
it
oh I know he's doing what we're gonna
lose Virginia okay timer on your nose go
doing your copy thing right let him have
his coffee thing birthday we're gonna
give them a chance I think he's already
passed a minute to be honest with you oh
you caught one all the way over there
that counts you oh my god how'd you make
it so much harder he just dumped it
right into the coffee Pender's you lost
give us $20 or matter of fact we said 20
packs so you owe us 20 packs a soda what
a holiday where's it's over the very
coffee pot that was like five minutes
well that's gonna be it for today you
guys good little Friday set at home
Bridget and I watched some movies cut my
hair got a nerd block you guys checked
out that video grandpa I made the bet
click like if you want to see grandpa
riding the scooter and in the next
couple of days I'll do it we've got
another cookout at grandpa's Sunday it's
one of those things he wants to do it
once a week now so I think once a week
every Sunday
we're gonna go to Grandpa's house for a
cookout naturally next Sunday I'm not
gonna be able to go to the cookout of
Grandpa's house because I'll be at
WrestleMania in California but I'll
continue to do it after that anyway
thanks for watching you guys
yeah good day thanks for watching like
subscribe favorite Bridget in here she's
outside and that's it
