please gentlemen or play gentlemen just
while they're busy going on you guys
keep behind the camera here I just
ooh I'm gonna flap get out yeah okay
cool
you've shown your yourself edgy dude he
can rip up the line field ramp on a man
bro I am a man fuck your badass grandpa
damn be a bad motherfucker he can rip up
my bill son come here moment an emergent
y'all calm again it's saved into your
phone call him back
don't do it don't call don't call what
did I do this what's going on you guys
can't be on the camera here did you guys
TR right there grandpa here sauce yes
then I called a while ago and I told
somebody about my life now I want y'all
to stick your goddamn ass bitch please
but I'm gonna do it again about 10
minutes I'm gonna calling every 10
minutes
I hope they cut this shit off being
sarcastic you'd like that you know you
did if you were fuckin the craziest
person who's my better bet
let's go ahead and put these up so put
my goddamn favorite house you'll take
your mic the dudes been out right yeah
fuck it come right back we're not paying
you next one
damn look fuck I gotta ask you - oh you
need your book we shop ya be shootin for
you know what you've done keep out of me
I'm seeing like fucking mustard all over
your house dude I tell you man buzzer
don't send me a case of mustard today a
case of mustard yes all good
let's try one of these what is this
sweet fancy yellow mustard girl let's
taste it oh she's got mustard or get
broad targets now any good damn you know
you'll teach I'm bad when I got in when
I suppose know where your stuff is
whores rag I'm not tasting it taste it
alone
why me doing it Oh God Oh God whoo
that's a badass goddamn whore madam
mother
I need something cool what the hell is
going on here you said you're drinking
muster is Jai damn good it is good but
to drink it it's that damn good where do
you get this I want to get some Oh God
he's a target target so you shop at
Target now no man she does now start to
put him in target who is she
uh her name is most a girl you're making
some shit up dude I was wearing I didn't
shit up here's her card
her name is Jennifer Connor so you know
the lead so some lady makes this yeah
she makes it as you've been doing for a
while
and now she's got it now and try this
one are you having to drink the tea
shine I'll try that too that shit is so
strong go oh my god whoo but guess I'm
damn good mustard you were crazy just
swing by mustard you straight up
drinking mustard hey is that good it is
good I never tasted most of that good
you're gonna go to Target cry out Oh God
my favorite is probably this sweet and
fancy yellow so I'm sitting here with
Grandpa
you calm down any yeah you have you got
your lights on yeah they don't now why
is it why was it 450 that's a good
question
I would like to know that I'm gonna find
out the answer when that meter man come
back I'm watching for that were you
gonna fucking like don't do nothing
stupid I'm gonna follow about the other
day Jillian meet this motherfucker I
know my feel so grandpa's light bill was
450 which uh isn't that is on the high
side of course the ha be high of five or
me okay one time we had like shutter:50
but remember yeah why was that there was
no insulation was during a fucking hot
part of summer the air conditioner
fucked up you know this has something to
do with it what you didn't was light
outside why you got these lights on it I
don't told you once show me the light he
doesn't understand I said there's a big
fireball in the sky you're good hey
Bridget uh what would you think when I
say there's a big fireball in the sky ah
oh yeah are you serious
I don't see it are you really gonna make
me do this yeah Joey
whoops where's that okay let's find the
big ball of burning fire your dumb shit
ah it's somewhere where is it look up in
your eyes will hurt like I said just
because it hidden by clouds doesn't mean
is there you said it was a big orange
ball out the sky where first why I
didn't say a big orange ball I said a
big ball of fire well big ball of fire
where's that it's providing all this
light what light the sunlight dude the
moon does the same thing first of all
they didn't do shit the moon is
reflective because of the Sun well
they're gay now we're outside guess what
you gotta go back in you fucking leave
oh you bad you kicking me out that
mustard huh you kicking me out you sure
got those rings on them see man the
other day that was all blinged up rings
on everything see what the light bill
lady cost
you're crazy dude let's go back inside
your house no you you're gone you're
done
why are you really making me leave don't
know what you what we frickin paid
Rafael huh
we paid your lifeboat Raza what Kennedy
I don't trust you what this horse is up
let's just watch okay why dude what okay
from in the Hogan I gave the whole porch
oh my god
all that bastard boy that's son of a
bitch
oh you mother is husband
oh you shot number oh there's a bet back
your effect on damn it
what what do you mean what I call the
good along the way who is cops I come to
this fish karma dollar come on you know
you're gonna give a damn about a little
bit you don't want it go ahead cuz
you're my god you're right on I'll be
right with motive one liquid got your
life left and some bonds I can got a
chance gosh oh yeah I can speak my god
