I thought 2015 was the best year of my
life and a part of me was content
thinking that that could be my peak but
2016 showed me otherwise
last year was hands-down the best year
of my life and let me show you why last
year was about strengthening all my
relationships with the people around me
when I was growing up I thought strength
is about being independent being alone
and finding happiness in solitude but I
was wrong for me I'm the happiest when
I'm with the people that I love man I'm
so blessed to have some amazing
supportive friends and family by my side
a huge highlight of my year was going to
Korea with my mom dad and my big brother
James we hadn't done a family trip like
that in 10 years and it felt so nice to
feel like a kid again my dad drove us
around the countryside and we saw the
beauty of what Korea offer it was a
major bonding trip for my family and I
understand how lucky I am that my
parents stayed together through all the
years it's because of them that I
believe in true love
I know la doesn't have the best
reputation for finding genuine friends
but thankfully I was able to meet and
hold on to some amazing people and when
you have a sincere bond with someone you
got to hold on to it these people aren't
just floaters there are no other motives
these are the people that genuinely care
about me and they mean the world to me
we listen to each other we want to make
each other better people and I can't
thank them enough for that I feel
incredibly blessed to have experienced
so many beautiful memories with them
this year I really grabbed my channel by
the reins and I found passion and making
vlogs again I felt like I got to open up
more to you guys and I'm so happy I got
to work with some amazing brands like
simple skincare and Smashbox I was also
able to experiment with content that I
truly wanted to film I also met my
amazing graphic designer dawn and since
having her my edits have been insane I
got to travel across the country for
work and I even stretched myself to do
stuff that scares me like public
speaking on panels and live tutorials my
collaboration with colour-pop also
happened in 2016
the genesis equol collection went above
and beyond my expectations
I'm so grateful that I got to experience
that and have the support of all the
people around me
I don't think I forgot about you guys
thank you so much for your support I
would be nowhere without you and I never
forget that I said goodbye to my old
apartment and moved into another one I
promise there's going to be an updated
apartment soon on my birthday I became a
mom to a beautiful Maltipoo named cheeky
it's been such a blessing watching her
grow every day she's become the light of
Ben's in my life and also I can't forget
my epic birthday party at the roller
rink
I never made an official video about
this but Ben and I finally moved in
together at the end of 2015
a lot of you guys suspected this and you
were right we were long-distance for
over a year and although I was super
happy to be ending the constant
traveling to see each other a part of me
was a little scared and curious as to
how we would adjust to living together
Ben moving in affected my life and my
channel for the better I was able to
film so much more quality content with
him he and I have been working as a team
and I'm so lucky to have him by my side
personally and professionally I love
that we find joy in the simple things
and that we appreciate every moment we
have together
when I was younger I brushed off the
idea of a soulmate but I'm so glad I was
proven wrong
I found mine and this was the easiest
decision of my life
2017 is going to be one hell of a year
I could already tell thank you for being
a part of this and I love you all so
much
