Aloha from Hawaii Ben and I made it
safely over here we're staying at the
modern Honolulu and our room is so
gorgeous I will give you a room tour
once the room is all nice and spruced up
this morning we got an early start we
got breakfast in the morning and then I
just kind of cracked down with work I
want to thank everyone who sent in their
recommendations on what to do in Hawaii
I really wish Ben and I were here longer
so that we can really tackle down the
lists I want to specifically thank Fiona
because she said this crazy email with
this extensive list of things to do she
broke it down to the food and everything
but yeah we have this list of things you
want to do now obviously we can't do
anything too crazy because it bends
conditioned so yeah we're just gonna
make most of it now we're gonna do the
pool later yeah made it good by the time
Tabata
got a lovely view of the pool Wow
look at
lunch by the pool a turkey sandwich and
chips and guac
can't seem to
you
not hotter than you thought it would be
yeah it looked like it was going to be
slightly cooler than LA but it just
doesn't feel like that in any way
there's no bloody boiling here
I gotta for as much chicer
is this true
helicopter ride
I know it's gonna file the
everything has to offer actually in
all the girls that yesterday
so if you have to come to do I'm showing
this movie you got it's but a big
Wednesdays maybe for revenge row back
room I used to work at the city store
right and you're in a hat
it was like favorite job I've never
heard it one and so the one next day
yeah press it there there's even a hole
that's in why I'm so shocked but as we
go hmm this isn't my favorite drinks
click one day in a box I spray
oh my gosh
cinnabar thank you
hey guys hey guys we are at Dukes right
now we walked over here which we thought
was a good idea but by the time you got
here we were like yeah Oh helicopter is
good this morning was crazy
I highly highly recommend that you guys
do the blue the white house off the road
it was totally worth it I mean that was
my first time in a helicopter it's so
smooth and they're playing like really
uplifting yeah a good soundtrack like
when we were passing by the island first
Gilligan's Island where they filmed it
they start playing that holiday December
Weezer and then the somewhere over the
rainbow but the white mice in memory now
yeah so good yeah I was beautiful I mean
this island is unbelievable
Jesus saw so much it was uh yeah amazing
experience we're lucky because we're
it's at the front there's like four
people behind us just probably annoyed
that we got the good spot yeah we may
have definitely made it worthwhile
watching the last sunset in Hawaii in
bed this is so bittersweet because it's
so beautiful but it's our last day here
I wish I was staying longer
I'm so sad after lunch which was so
delicious we went to Duke's
oh my gosh the chicken katsu was amazing
it reminded me of the lunch that I would
always order when I was working at
forever 21 because there was like a oh
no Hawaiian barbecue I would get the
chicken katsu with the macaroni salad
with the ball of rice and structure on
the side oh it was so good but Dukes was
like four times better but after lunch
we just came back to the hotel and I
just worked for a couple hours because
I'm just feeling really behind I have
normal episodes on my channel but I
haven't even uploaded or started editing
my jungle bells yet I think it's because
those files are so large and they take
up all room in my laptop so I have to
make sure that my other videos are done
first then
I can free up that room for jungle bells
way I got a couple hours of work done
and now we're going to dinner we are
going to side street in which I hear is
amazing Hawaiian comfort food so I am
totally down I know when I get back home
definite gonna have to like work out
because I've just been eating really
really good on this trip yeah
Roy's was delicious as well I haven't
had a bad meal in Hawaii yet everything
has been so bomb
you guys this is how I eat ramen I like
pretty much just suck the broth out of
it okay so we just got back to the hotel
and look we got a little care package
from some folks at Beauty sush I really
wish you guys wrote your names but thank
you so much for these delicious snack I
put up stuff some beauty products we've
got some sunscreen eye masks which we
are definitely going to pop on tonight
woo cleansing soap and then a couple of
face masks thank you so much you guys
this is very very thoughtful hey guys it
is Wednesday and we're leaving Hawaii No
got that out of my system we were
heading to the airport we've got all our
bags packed everything is ready to go
yeah oh it's too sure we got to come
back next time we're gonna come back
stay here longer bends arm will be
better so we could do more activities
like beach stuff and parasailing and
hiking and just anything it gets really
hot in there yeah it's there's there's a
there's a odor coming out of this humid
environment is not ideal Hawaii is not
ideal for calls we still had an amazing
time here we'd so much good food
yesterday's Robin was so bomb we tried
to go to side street in but the wait was
like an hour and we were hangry by then
so we just had you know settled for
ramen today is not going to be too much
footage just pretty much us traveling
throughout the day and then when we land
we have to pick up chicky so that should
be good huh but yeah we had such an
amazing time at Hawaii and we can't wait
to come back
so
Chickie's back he's back Oh God and my
dad's looking at the core Asian magazine
there's n in here mm-hmm Joey Joey Wow
and some good old homemade Korean food
for dinner but a great way to come back
to LA
