Wow 2016 is coming to an end and I
thought I'd ring in the new year with a
new look you can rock this on New Year's
Eve or just whenever you feel like
giving yourself a revamp so let's get
started with the makeup say hello to my
bare naked face I've already got
moisturizer on but it's crucial to put
on a primer I'm using this mattifying
one from makeup forever because I can
always rely on this guy on making sure
my face doesn't look like an oil spill
now I'm using tarts shaped tape
concealer and I'm going to dot it into a
triangle shape underneath my eyes and
then with the damp Beauty Blender I'm
going to blend that all in this is going
to highlight that area and make sure no
dark circles peek through for some
reason I totally forgot to fill my
foundation product shot but I did use
Born This Way Foundation by Too Faced I
just dot the product all along my face
and just blend it away you know the
drill for powder I decided to try out it
cosmetics translucent powder just to
give it a whirl I just feel like I
should venture out and try out new
powders because I've been using my
Rimmel stay matte for so many years
honestly it's still one of my favorites
today here I'm using a benefits goof
proof eye pencil and I like to just draw
a little base line first and then with
the spoolie blend it all out once the
mid section is colored in I'm just going
to draw on the tails and call it a day
all right brows complete for eyeshadow
I'm using colourpop's catnip this is a
very sparkly blush shade that I thought
would be a good base to work with I
apply this with my ring finger because
you get the best color payoff that way
then for my blending color I'm using
colourpop's Tang this is a dusty mauve
shade that I'm going to use to blend
this bad boy out to amp this look a
notch I'm using static and then applying
this in the section in-between catnip
and Tang this just adds a beautiful rich
plum color in between the blending
shades and I think it looks gorgeous to
highlight I'm using a maze and as you
can see I love this color I've hit pan
and I'm going to apply this to the inner
corners to brighten and make my eyes
look more awake now with the flat brush
go back to static and start popping it
into the lower lashes this is going to
balance out the eyes so you're not too
top-heavy
oof okay shadows are done so it's time
for liquid liner and I'm just going to
start drawing in my cat eye and I like
to start from the middle of my eye
because your girls got uneven eyelids
and when I drop this way it looks more
even okay cat eye is off the checklist
now using Lancome's seals booster I'm
going to apply it only to my bottom
lashes because I realized there's no
need to put it on the top for me because
I'm going to end up throwing falsies
anyway now using gia and cheese mascara
I'm adding a light coat to the top just
so my falsies blend in a little better
and then I'm going to coat the bottom
lashes so they look more dull like I
love this mascara for bottom lashes
because the little spiky ball makes it
really easy to get in there now using my
favorite falsies I'm gonna pop them on
my eyes and boom the eyes look so
freakin extra but I love it let's move
on to the face we're gonna chisel the
cheekbones I'm using this new bronzer
from the balm and I didn't realize how
pigmented this guy was so definitely
take a light hand with this guy I'm
going to bring up the bronzer to my
temples to give myself more of a
sunkissed look then using a fluffy brush
I'm going to contour my nose because why
not it's New Year's and I've got time to
for blush I'm using this one by Marc
Jacobs and I love the color of this it's
similar to tarts exposed but this one
has a little bit more of a highlight and
you know I feel the highlighters the
more glow the better
speaking of highlighter it's time for
highlighter I'm using more of a
yellowish tint and highlighter because
surprise surprise it complements my skin
tone I've popped it on the apples of my
cheek the nose bridge and then the
Cupid's bow we're almost done with
makeup it's time for lips I'm using the
bombs lip liner called a cute one and
this is like a nice blush II terracotta
you shade and I dig it then to top it
all off I'm using this gloss by Kylie
cosmetics this is kind of like a
metallic e gloss and I don't hate it I
think it looks great with the whole look
and now we're finished with the makeup
but hold up we're not done yet we got to
do the hair first you got a section off
the hair so the bottom strands are going
to be curled first I'm using t3s twirl
360 curler but honestly you can
use whatever a big curling barrel that
you have it'll do the exact same thing
grab a section of your hair and clamp it
Midway and then drag the barrel down to
give it a slight curl away from your
body let me show you again with this
clip in case you don't get it then keep
sectioning off your hair and gently wave
it all in the same direction clamp
Midway and then drag the barrel all the
way down to the tips keep doing this
method until you're done with your
entire head always save the two front
pieces for the last because are the ones
that are most important since they frame
your face now you can leave your hair
like this or you can add more volume by
using aura Bay's texturizing spray
honestly this bottle is pretty expensive
but I swear it's worth it on a night
like this because when you blast your
hair with this product it grows like two
centimeters and for me that's worth it
because I love big hair and then you're
done with the entire look I love this
sexy striking makeup and I think it
looks great paired with this sleek
blowout looking hair it's killer for any
glamorous occasion and also I must say
that this makeup looks great with brown
eyes too anyway I hope you guys have an
amazing Year's Eve and I'll see you guys
next year bye
