every one girl and if you've been
following this channel from the
beginning then this background is super
familiar and nostalgic that's because
I'm in my parents house I'm in my
hometown and I'm about to donate this
huge bag of clothes to my local Goodwill
huh this is the goodwill that Sarah and
I used to hit up all the time after
school and so I thought I'd kill two
birds with one stone donate this bag and
see if the stocks still good
so my first item I'm gonna call the mom
jacket because I feel like every mom in
the 90s had a piece of outerwear like
this I'm not too much of a colorful girl
but this warm thing incorporates it in
just the right way that primary colors
flow harmoniously together and it's just
a great oversized piece to chuck on over
anything I love all things luxurious and
a silk jacket is no exception this is
one beautiful jacket and even though
it's got shoulder pads I think it's just
the right amount it's structured it's
smooth and a one-stop shop to make any
outfit look really put together you have
no idea how stoked I was when I found
these bottoms someone had the time to
DIY that leopard part and I think it
just makes it that much more authentic
to the Punk spirit i styled it with this
hoop belt since it's on the larger side
and I'm just excited to rock these
bottoms on my edgy days the 2000s were a
strange time and for some reason these
patterns were off the hook back in my
day I swear I probably already had a
hoodie like this in my closet and now
I'm wearing someone else's I decided to
crop it like it's hot and next time I'm
definitely styling this with skinny
jeans instead of this skirt if you can't
decide on black or white you might as
well just wear both with this dual
blouse this top is super on-trend with
the black-and-white color blocking and I
just thought I would add more formal
things in my wardrobe this is definitely
office and work friendly if you need
some ideas I've never been to the Safari
but now I can pretend I have with this
coat and I just love the pattern on the
back it's got a giraffe elephant and
tiger and it's on the larger side but I
just pulled up the sleeves and we're
good alright everyone I hope you guys
enjoyed my goodwill haul it was actually
a lot more stuff but we ran out of
sunlight so I'll show you those in a
different video I'm also super proud to
announce that I made this video in
partnership with goodwill as it created
for good I've been such a long time
supporter for goodwill for so many years
I feel like without this store I
wouldn't have been able to find my
personal style the amazing thing about
purchasing use clothing is
you're really able to experiment with
whatever type of style you want without
that crazy financial commitment and
personally I'm just trying to make more
of an effort to use more vintage and use
pieces into my wardrobe because I am
trying to lower my carbon footprint fast
fashion is one of the world's biggest
contributors for pollution and that fact
really freaks me out and so this is my
attempt on trying to be a little bit
more resourceful especially with my
fashion choices also when you donate
stuff to your local Goodwill you're
actually helping create jobs in your
community and I think that's a beautiful
thing I want to thank you guys so much
for watching and I hope you guys enjoyed
this haul if you guys hit up your
goodwill let me know what you got show
me your loot by hitting me up at my
socials you can find me here at I'm
Jenin and yeah that's pretty much it I
want to thank you guys for watching and
I'll see you guys in the next one bye
