hey gem mister girl and today's video is
all about styling V denim jacket and I
am so proud to announce that this video
is in partnership with Levi's who I
think is the brand for denim their denim
legends I've been rocking Levi's since I
was a little kid so I'm super stoked to
show you the five outfits I whipped up
using their denim jackets so let's get
started the first stop that I'm wearing
is an everyday on-the-go look and this
outfit definitely reminds me of my Davis
days when I used to rush to class I love
these Levi's denim jackets because you
can use the inner stitching as an extra
pocket to store your wallet and other
belongings I decided to pair it with a
black hoodie because the zipper
detailing goes well with the cool tones
of the jacket for my bottoms I wore some
distressed acid-wash skinnies to
streamline the look and for shoes I'm
wearing some super comfy sneakers and
then top the outfit with warm black do
not be afraid of the Canadian tuxedo
wearing double denim is really easy when
you pair it this way I've styled this
true blue denim jacket with a chambray
top that's similar in color
I thought keeping it monochromatic at
the top would be a chic way to rock this
denim duo to jazz up the look I wore a
pair of my shiny patent zipper boots and
a funky hat to finish everything off I'm
a huge advocate of layering because it
can completely transform a piece of
clothing in this outfit I'm going to
upgrade my Levi's black denim jacket by
adding a black leather vest to it by
throwing on this new texture you
instantly have a cool edgy feel for my
top I decided to go with this flowy
white blouse and then squeezed into my
block distressed skinnies for my bottom
half of the look
in this next outfit I dress up the denim
jacket for the girly girls out there
this Levi's denim jacket is one of my
favorites because of the cute desert
embroidery I just love that you can
really customize the jackets to reflect
what you're feeling I dialed it up by
pairing it with a cord or a skirt and I
think that these two textures look
amazing together underneath I'm wearing
a cream sweater with cool metal details
and then coordinated a top with my
pierced beret for my final outfit I have
something very 90s these days I've been
loving this baggy silhouette because it
really plays with proportions this white
denim jacket is ridiculously oversized
and that is the exact reason why I'm
obsessed with it I paired it with this
cream knit sweater and it doesn't feel
too constricted because how large the
check it is for my bottoms I'm wearing
my classic mom jeans and then I added a
little shine with these boots
alright guys that's a wrap on the
lookbook feel free to open the
description box for the links for the
denim jackets I truly believe that a
denim jacket is something that everybody
needs in their wardrobe it is a closet
essential for sure if you guys want to
comment down which outfit was your
favorite please do and I would also want
to know which clothing item I should
style next I want to know what you guys
want to see if you guys enjoyed the
video feel free to like subscribe to my
channel it would mean a lot to me and
yeah I'll see you guys in the next one
bye
you
