every one it's a girl Jen and the title
club we gave it away already but my
jewelry line comes out today this has
been used that have been bursting to
tell you the majority team and I have
been working on this for so many months
and it's been such a fun and
collaborative effort and it all spills
out today we wanted to come up with a
collection that was not going to go out
of style or season because you know how
fast fashion is these days one day it's
in and that it's out and then you're
left with the piece that you don't know
how to feel about anymore but with this
collection it's going to live past the
trends and they're high-quality the
collection name is called links and we
thought that that was a great name
because when we rock these pieces it's
gonna link us all together so enough
chatter let's get on to the pieces so
the first piece is called the Linx
necklace and it's one that I'm actually
rocking right now I think it's so
beautiful it's a really minimal necklace
and I love that the two links fall right
in that little dip on your collarbone
this is definitely an everyday necklace
they can rock alone or layered this is
ver made thick gold plating on sterling
silver so the gold color doesn't come
off and it lasts longer it also comes in
sterling silver which gives a more
cooler and edgier tone I just love the
simplicity of the design and it really
enhances the collarbone which is my
favorite part of the body next up I have
the links front choker and this is
probably my favorite piece in the entire
collection because of how a distinct it
is lately I've been really loving to
wear chokers and necklaces where the
clasp is actually showcased in the front
so the inspiration behind this was
originally a toggle clasp but when we
tried that design out we noticed that it
kept on falling apart because it was
just too loose and it wasn't secure so
we decided to just attach it all
together and I'm really happy with the
way it looks because once it's on there
it's on it's not going to fall apart I
think it looks so bomb when you pair it
with the links necklace it's just a
combo made in heaven
and in case sterling silver is not your
thing this also comes in a gold color
the next piece I have is called the
links thread choker and this is a
beautiful piece that has four links
coming together it just makes for a
really dynamic statement piece the links
are free moving and
stand-alone to accentuate your
collarbones as well or you can layer it
with other pieces from the collection or
necklaces you already have in your
wardrobe this piece is kind of like a
softer version of a chain necklace and I
think it's something that you can wear
every day my last piece is called the
Linx ring and this is actually inspired
by a safety pin but we decided to make
it softer and a little bit more modern
by just having it gently wrap around the
center this is also ver May so you don't
have to worry about your fingers turning
green and I just think it's a very
modern sleek piece that is going to
accentuate your hands alright everyone
those were all the pieces from my
collection I know it's a little short
and sweet but that's just the way I roll
they are investment pieces because I
wanted to give you guys a good quality
product that's gonna last you a long
time lately I just haven't been wearing
jewelry that turns my body green or
it'll rust in a corner if I don't wear
it for a while these pieces are made to
endure wear and tear and that's why I
loved working with Maggiore because they
make fine jewelry for the everyday
person you don't have to worry about
having an allergic reaction because
they're made from precious metals
they're handcrafted not mass-produced
and I'm just really proud and happy with
this collection I want to thank you guys
so much for all the love and support
throughout my youtube journey I can't
believe I'm sitting down showcasing my
jewelry line with you it's definitely a
surreal moment and I'm just so lucky and
blessed have you guys in my life I'm
gonna link everything in the description
box and there's gonna be a promo just on
the day that I upload so make sure you
take advantage of that thank you guys so
much for watching and I'll see you guys
the next one bye
you
