holidays are coming up you know what
that means food delicious food
everywhere from Thanksgiving friends
giving Christmas dinner to holiday
shindigs chances are you're going to
overindulge at least once so for today's
video I'm going to show you five outfits
that , date a bloated belly so let's get
started everyone needs a safety blanket
and on days I want to eat good and stay
comfy my safety blanket is an oversized
cardigan this one is in a nice beige
color and I just threw it on over this
polka dot dress and I know this kind of
looks fancy but believe me this dress is
also food baby proof because of the
elastic stretchy sections around the
belly i spruced up the look with some
dainty chokers that I always wear and
some smart loafers make your dinners
extra locks with the large and in charge
hoody this one is my favorite because it
has flames on the sleeves and the back
of the hood so I've essentially become a
human hot cheeto and I have no
complaints about that in order to avoid
looking like a slob I wore this loose
pleather skirt and then added some
Vavoom with my trusty over-the-knee
boots I feel like the silhouette always
looks fancier than how it feels
whenever I'm feeling bloated the only
body part I want to showcase is my
shoulders and decolletage this is one
part of your body that will never look
bloated so show it off with an
over-the-shoulder top this blouse has a
fun nautical vibe and it hangs loose so
your belly won't feel constrained for
the bottoms I'm wearing these comfy
distressed boyfriend jeans and then I
finished off my look with my Nike
elastic has never been more fantastic
during this time in this outfit I'm
wearing the ultra comfy combo a loose
sweater with some stretchy shorts I
absolutely love burgundy shades for the
season and I feel like the sweater just
makes me feel ultra festive these shorts
just take the cake though they're taupe
so they match anything and they've got a
very forgiving elastic waist so it can
stretch under or over your food baby I
went a little matchy-matchy and wore
these burgundy boots and called it a day
when in doubt bust out your BFT big
friendly t this huge graphic tee is
perfect for gliding on over any bumps
and I call this my friendly te because
it's really quirky with the eyeballs and
it just makes me smile underneath I'm
wearing some skinny jeans but feel free
to leave that top button undone because
no one will ever know
since this huge tee is just gonna go
over it I had to slide into my favorite
mules because they add an extra 5 inches
to my frame and they're comfy duh
all right guys so those were five comfy
outfits you can wear this Thanksgiving I
can't believe it's already coming up if
you guys want to comment down what
outfit was your favorite please do and
also tell me what your favorite comfort
food is I would love to know what you
like scrub on if you enjoyed the video
make sure you hit like button subscribe
to my channel if you haven't already and
I'll see you guys in the next video bye
guys
