hey everyone it's me Jen and today's
video is sponsored by Colgate optic
white as you know I'm pretty smiley gal
so I'll be showing you all how to get a
brighter designer smile so let's start
the countdown
the first no-brainer tip for a better
smile is to have your lips exfoliated no
one wants dry chapped lips but instead
of spending a fortune on expensive lip
scrubs make it at home first you're
going to need to grab some sugar and
then add some honey mix it really well
and then apply it onto your lips this is
going to scrub off all of that flaky
dead skin and it tastes delicious if the
first scrub is a little too messy for
you I got you covered
another easy way to exfoliate those lips
is to apply some lip balm and then with
a clean disposable mascara wand or
spoolie gently brush away all that dead
skin now your lips are ready for any
sort of product and it's going to
enhance that smile now that your lips
are unchecked let's tackle those teeth
because without them there wouldn't even
be a smile I like to keep my teeth
pearly white by using my favorite
whitening toothpaste which is Colgate
optic white platinum high-impact white I
use this twice a day in the morning and
night and it helps me achieve a brighter
and bolder smile that helps me stand out
it protects my enamel and contains anti
cavity fluoride protection now my breath
is minty fresh and my smile is ready to
go I'm a bit of a caffeine addict but
unfortunately coffee and tea are
notorious for staining your teeth
not a good look so the next time you
grab a drink always make an effort to
use a straw if you want to be more
environmentally conscious definitely
invest in a metal one one trick I like
to do before I add any lip color is I
always like to use a little bit of
concealer or foundation all around my
mouth any discoloration around there can
really distract the lip color and your
smile applying a light layer of
concealer will ensure that your smile
gets its best start also by using this
technique you're able to get the exact
color of the lipstick as it does in the
packaging because you're able to give it
a neutral base another lip trick I like
to do to make my smile a little bit
brighter is to grab some highlighter
then with a fluffy brush I dust some on
my Cupid's bow if you watched any of my
makeup tutorials you know that I never
ever skipped this step it just gives the
illusion that your lips are fuller and
it adds a little sparkle on the lips
which is a nice touch if you're wanting
your teeth to look extra white try using
a red lipstick with cool undertones blue
and orange are opposites so the cool
tones cancel out the warm in this clip
I'm wearing a lipstick with orange
undertones and as you can see it's kind
of bringing out more of the yellowness
on my teeth
in this clip I'm wearing lipstick with
cool undertones see lipsticks that have
a blue base will help cancel out any
yellow on your teeth so give it a go if
you want more of an innocent smile opt
for the gradient lip this was and is a
huge Beauty trend in Korea and it's so
simple to do
all you got to do is apply concealer all
over the lips then apply a light shade
of pink or whatever light shade on your
lips then grabbing a deeper shade of
pink I'm going to apply it onto the
inside of my lips and then slowly dab it
all out it's very subtle and innocent
and it gives off the I just finished my
popsicle look glitter lips are trending
right now but they're not as functional
in real life when you're actually using
large glitter particles an easy way to
incorporate this glitter lips trend into
your daily life is by grabbing a glitter
eyeshadow you have in your makeup
collection and then after you applied a
lipstick gently press it onto your lips
it's going to give you that slight
shimmer but without the choking hazard
the last tip is something you should do
if you want to avoid a situation like
this every time you finish doing your
lipstick keep it off your teeth by
pointing a finger in your mouth wrapping
your lips around it and then pulling it
out this is going to ensure that you
don't have any lipstick on those pearly
whites so those are my 10 lip tips on
how to get a brighter smile
I want to thank Colgate optic white for
partnering with me in this video and I
want to thank you guys for watching if
you guys happen to have any lip tricks
or hacks that make her smile a little
bit wider feel free to write it down in
the comments down below I would love to
read about it if you guys aren't
subscribed to my channel already please
do and hit that like button if you
enjoyed I'll see you guys next one bye
Oh
