hi guys it is Monday I thought I would
pick up the camera and do a weekly vlog
because this week is actually pretty
exciting so a lot of events coming up
tomorrow have a photoshoot with local
wolves Thursday we have been spurred a
Friday we have the 1975 concert and
Saturday we have like some sort of
champagne event so I don't know I
thought I would film that I am just
filming the entire day
three hours later this is the state of
the office so this is one of the
Halloween looks that I did I actually
filmed two today got one cute one and
one kind of creepy one all right so now
what I'm going to do is I'm going to
take photos with this makeup and then
take it all off and then apply my normal
makeup so I can film my Q&A
Oh
come on guys it is a gloomy Tuesday
today I have a shoot with local wolves
and my friend Randy is the photographer
Randy and I have always been wanting to
shoot and we thought that this would be
the perfect time also I'm trying to say
yes to a lot more things because I saw
this quote that said people should say
no more often and I was like yeah okay
I'll start saying no and I got a little
carried away without saying no left and
right and so now we're trying to say yes
to some more things as I yeah I'm just
trying to find a balance all right
you've got the whole crew here I'm my
first look check it out it's very like
millennium if you will like the layering
thanks Katie
all righty guys five outfits later we
are done as you can see I'm back my
pajama shirt very comfortable
everyone is packing up shop thanks guys
after a long day of shooting spaghetti
bolognese makes everything better
first off Ben's at the gym this was my
chance to wrap up his gift I still need
to get him a birthday card because his
birthday's tomorrow I am surprising him
with this video compilation video of all
his English friends wishing him happy
birthday I've included a lot of his la
friends as well because I just thought
what the hell
also I just uploaded my bookbag video
and it's more of just like a Q&A type of
video but with the twist and it's going
down pretty well but I think a lot of
the people that are like really into
milk bombs are really confused because
I'm not like actually just shoving the
food in my mouth you're more than
welcome to watch it here also the dog
trainer is coming in at 2:30 her name is
Sam and she works at like Tully's
training services something like that we
found it on Yelp we met her for the
first time last week but that was more
of just like an introduction her getting
to know us and cheeky and vice-versa
but today is like the official training
session so I'm really excited to see
what she can teach us and cheeky
so right now Ben is currently getting a
haircut so I'm quickly putting together
his birthday message video I got most of
his friends to submit their video on
time because I'm going to show him at
midnight I think he's gonna be so
surprised
I'll show you a little sneak peek so
this is his friend Sam mom and dad guys
friend Nick daddy Simon Sophie John
Fraser and Simon again Jenny and we got
some of his la fam right here ah it's
gonna be good there's me at the end
wearing the exact same thing but I'm
wearing right now okay so here we are at
honey pig which is one of my favorite
Korean barbeque restaurants and we're
here for Ben's an early birthday dinner
we're here with my family and about to
dig in I am so hungry right now
you
you see what I have so far
lady hmm Joe boy Oh happy birthday buddy
Oh amazing
so nice to see so many people yeah also
recorded your reaction today is a very
special day it is my lovers birthday
happy birthday bad thank you babe we are
heading to his birthday lunch we're
going to go to him
I'm very excited this is where you went
I dropped you off here like eight years
ago it was for our business meeting but
this time we're going together
I know exactly what to order now yeah
you just made me everything with a
Pokemon is good Marcus it looks great
yes I'm really excited it's such a
beautiful place and the food is
delicious
all right so lunch is finished a lot of
stuff has passed since odium been quite
stressful since then we've been rushing
around trying to get everything ready
for the party because I told everyone to
come anytime we make foolish which I
regret it immediately since we had to
get everything sorted before then yeah
it's all kind of ready now we hope
people turn up otherwise this will be I
know and look at what person out Rasta
day for like take out the sensor oh
we're just gonna have to chop it off oh
yeah bad pong table your pong table of
course you know cake there as well
oh wow it's so cool suddenly finds us a
lady wow that's a lot
plenty of buns
we are lighting up beds cake he has no
idea Jen's doing the candles right now
Andy picked out this beautiful
strawberry cake ah look like red velvet
crush on the outside but we do I know
it's going to do that does everyone know
we're coming out not will start singing
love happy birthday to
good morning after we are having English
beans toast egg and hash browns so today
has been a little bit of a throwaway day
most of the day has been coming from a
slight hangover yeah very fun night yeah
everyone showed up yeah it's good fun
Lester change lots of cake yeah now
we're getting all ready to go to the
1975 katsu yeah as easy I'm very excited
it's gonna be good they're always
amazing live
I wish chickie could come alrighty we
made it to the forum looks awesome I
know it's like a huge arena
it looks like the Oracle and Auckland
Wow
hi guys it is Saturday afternoon Ben and
I are on our way to the Veuve Cliquot
party there is supposed to be like polo
champagne and not to get all nice and
dressed up and the designated driver
today
hi guys so we came home I had to take a
two hour nap because day-drinking oh I
can't keep up but I woke up from my nap
and now we're gonna have dinner with
Silas and Sophia I think we're having
Korean food yes so I'm very excited for
that where do you guys Sunday I just
finished my workout I really wasn't
going to work out today but I just
realized that I know I said a lot on my
mind and I just need to take it out on
the Stairmaster uh yeah I can't wait to
go home and shower now start the day
it is almost four o'clock and I are
having a nice little lunch at Kuni cafe
which is a place that we are giving
another chance
yeah we can once before Nigar year ago
there's a lot of hype about this place
yo good mmm if you even had like
revelations from like friends to come
here but it was not good the first time
and I don't want to you know into me in
about places and this is why we're here
again to give another shot
Rafi ordered something different last
time we got the pesto panini and then a
salad but imposes oh we're just very
unremarkable price tomato pesto chicken
sandwiches myself yeah but we give a
little show ya got Mediterranean food
this time so these are entrees came
pretty fast here is my salmon kabob and
then got the sucker you sucker like the
floor hands oh I'm still gonna char
condition hey we get started with this
Oh
smash that sit-down cooker down Google
stay ok good good
hey guys I just realized that I never
filmed an outro for this weekly vlog
even though all this footage was from a
week ago today is the what day is it
today
today's the 21st so it's been quite some
time but I just wanted to sneak this
little outro in for you if you enjoyed
this weekly vlog please hit the like
button and don't forget to subscribe to
my channel if you haven't already feel
free to leave me a comment down below
telling me what your weekend blends are
because I think by the time I upload
this will be Saturday so I'll talk to
you guys later
sorry I'm in a rush I like my freakin
person everything's I'm gonna cut my
nails done but yeah I just wanted to
squeeze this in I'll talk to you guys
later thank you for watching bye MA
