the first fall trend that I'm loving has
got to be the frayed hem denim trend
this is a very convenient trend for
shorties like me because most pants are
too long in us anyways so now we can cut
our bottom shorter and not worry about
having the ends for my second trend I've
got the bell-sleeve look but this isn't
just limited to tops now it goes for the
bottoms too for this outfit I thought
I'd kill two birds with one stone and
rock a bell sleeve top with some bell
sleeve pants
aka culottes this is a flowy looking
number that I dropped to a fancier event
where I can sashay away
you
trend number three is a dark duster coat
I always like to bust these out around
this time of year where it's a little
Nabire I love these coats because I feel
like they elongate the body and make any
casual looking outfit a little smarter
another fall trend that's poppin has got
to be the velvet slip dress slip dresses
wear everywhere in the summer but now we
could incorporate them in the fall by
switching up the texture to something
more autumnal like velvet I layered the
dress with this button down from Bardot
because I think it's more suitable for
colder weather and I feel like it gives
a new meaning to a short dress for my
last trend I'm giving a nod to the
oversized hoodie looking like a slob has
never been more in I really love this
hoodie from Inc because of the nice
splash of purple and the hand-painted
design on the hood I paired this hoodie
with a pair of distressed skinnies and
some dirty chucks for a comfy casual and
slightly too shoveled look
all righty guys those are my top five
favorite fall trends for the season if
you don't see your favorite fall trend
in this video make sure you write it
down in the comments down below I'd love
to be filled in and also if you enjoyed
this video make sure you thumbs up the
video no I do not get paid extra if
there's more likes in a video just like
an easy way to show me that you enjoyed
the video without writing a comment or
anything just a simple button and it
would mean a lot to me if you'd like to
tell me what your weekend plans are
because today is Friday I would love to
know what you're up to and yeah I hope
you guys have a safe weekend and I'll
talk to you guys later bye
