hey gems it's your girl and fall is
officially here I've partnered with
Smashbox to show you this bombshell
makeup for the season using their studio
Skin Foundation and concealer this
formula has been tested to look good in
every light so prepare to slay anywhere
you go you ready let's begin I'm
starting with a clean and prepped base
as always so I'm going to dive right
into the concealer I'm grabbing Smashbox
is studio skin concealer and I'm going
to use this right underneath my eyes and
a little on my forehead this is just
going to brighten these areas up this
formula is hydrating waterproof and has
light diffusing spheres to blur out any
imperfections also it does increase so a
smile away for the next step I'm going
to grab Smashbox - studio Skin
Foundation and I'm going to dot it all
across my face and blend away this is a
medium to full coverage foundation so
you can use a light or heavy hand
depending on how much you need this has
been my go-to lately because of its
long-lasting wear and how it stays
consistent in any sort of light plus
it's a perfect color match for me now
that foundation is done
we're going to lock it down so I'm using
my usual Rimmel stay matte powder to
protect all that blending we did now go
on and do your brows as you usually do
I'm just going to quickly draw in mine
to speed up the process and move
straight into the eye makeup
grab color pops cuts which is a dark
brown matte shade and I'm going to apply
this on the inner and the outer corners
of my eyes this is a technique that I
learned from a girl Sophia
so thanks babe next I'm grabbing sable
from my lorac palette to blend out any
of the harsh edges on the end blending
is key so take as long as you need now
to fill in that gap I'm popping on color
pops summer lovin which is this ultra
sparkly rose gold shade I'm using just
my finger because I've realized you get
better color payoff that way ooh sparkly
once again you got a blend
so grab your brushes to touch up the
inner corners and then smoke out the
ends we're going for a sultry look here
so I'm using Nyx's jumbo eye pencil and
dark brown and we're going to tightline
the entire lower eye yes this feels
weird but yes it's totally worth it now
with a smudge brush grab some
dark brown eyeshadow and diffuse the
bottom part of the eye to smoke it out
for eyeliner I'm using Kat Von D's
tattoo liner to draw in my usual cat eye
shape and since this is a full glam look
I'm just bringing out the tails a little
longer than usual I want a little bit
more glitter so I'm using Mac's mixing
medium and I'm going to add this on my
eye as a base for the glare I'm about to
use this is my rose gold glitter flecks
from Pat McGrath and with the dense
brush I'm going to gently Pat the
glitter onto the mixing medium and there
we go extra glitter now I'm just gonna
skip mascara because I'm gonna go
straight for the falsies pop them on and
now we're talking now to cut some
cheekbones into my face I'm using Pony
makeups contour palette and with a brush
I'm chiseling and defining the hollows
of my cheeks also since we're already
here I'm just gonna contour my nose
because why not now that my face has
carved out let's go for blush I'm going
to use this coral shade from pony's
palette and add that for a gentle flush
of color no glam look is complete
without the glow so in that same palette
I'm going to dust the hilar on my cheeks
nose bridge and of course the Cupid's
bow we're almost at the finish line here
for my lip color I'm using Smashbox is
driver's seat which is a really nice
warm pinky tone I think it really
complements the rose tones on the eyes
and there you have it a glamorous look
for the fall that's gonna look gorgeous
anywhere you go
alright guys so that was my tutorial on
how to achieve this fall glamorous
makeup look if you try it out for
yourself make sure you tweet me or
Instagram me at I'm Jenna I would love
love to see how it looks like on you I
want to thank Smashbox cosmetics for
partnering with me in this video and I
want to thank you for watching obviously
if you enjoyed the video make sure you
like that button subscribe to my channel
leave me a comment if you really like me
you do all three make me super happy and
yeah
I'll see you guys in the next video guys
bye
