member
hey everyone it's your girl Jen and
today I am back with what would Jenn
wear which is a segment where you tweet
me your fashion dilemma and I try my
best to answer them and I know it's been
a hot minute since I film one of these
but we're officially back so let's get
started with our first question
Nene tweets going on a date with a
friendzoned crush okay so unfortunately
you've been friend-zoned but the good
news is you're going on some sort of
outing with him or her and I think
that's a start I specifically bought
this shirt just to show you what I would
wear for this outfit here I have a
casual Jean than tee combo that you can
really Rock anywhere but if you look
closely you can see some subtle
messaging here
hint hint hopefully your crush will see
it I've tied a little knot on this tee
since it's huge and then elongated the
look with some navy skinnies I popped on
some mules out of convenience and then
added this adorable little star choker
because you're a star
and hopefully the date goes well let me
know how it goes Jeannette asks how to
transform your summer ripped jeans into
fall I'm running out of ideas I have
blue white and black so a no-brainer way
to rock their summer jeans into the fall
is simply by adding some dark colors
I know ground-breaking I paired my blue
distressed jeans with the black trench
it instantly makes it Moody and great
for autumn and winter to make this a
little bit more casual I popped on a
black cropped hoodie i accessorized with
some gold jewelry and then added a dark
lip just to vamp it up for shoes I
slipped into some Navy mules to bring
out the blue in the denim and I know
it's a fashion faux pas to mix navy and
block together but honestly screw the
rules wear whatever you think looks best
and I think Navy and black are perfectly
acceptable together the next week comes
from Mara she asks what would Jen wear
on the first day of senior year in
college first off I just want to
congratulate you on being a senior in
college college is really tough and so
the fact that you're on your last year
makes me really proud of you you go girl
now here is your outfit I wanted
something really casual and comfy for
college this is a really nice soft
flannel top and I like this too what
because it's
more of a blouse rather than just your
normal standard flannel for shorts I
have these nice stretchy ones from the
fifth label anything with an elastic
waistband is going to keep your body
happy and comfy I throw on an olive
beanie to add a pop of color and then
more this statement necklace piece for
some edge
lastly stomp around in some classic
ankle boots and if heels aren't your
thing definitely just wear normal boots
that you find comfortable actually just
wear whatever comfortable shoes that you
own I mean these outfits are just meant
for a source of inspiration I also have
a fact College lookbook that I made
maybe like two weeks ago so if you
haven't seen that video feel free to
click here I have a lot of great outfits
that I would have rocked to school I
know some of the comments were like who
wears that to school blah blah blah blah
but honestly I like legitimately
war-like thigh high boots to school it
was my way to express myself every day
and honestly I feel like I came up with
some pretty like daring outfits to
school because I just loved getting
dressed in the morning and please don't
judge people for wearing certain things
to school I feel like that really blocks
people's confidence to wear whatever
they like and once you stop judging what
other people are wearing you can start
being more free with your own style Wow
I don't know how I got into that tangent
but okay let's move on to the next
question this question comes from Adri
she asks making a fashion statement
within a business casual dress code
alright so this is my attempt at
business casual with the twist this
looks like a dress but it's actually two
pieces on the top I have this patterned
white button-down the short sleeves make
it casual but the structure of it still
makes it formal on the bottom I have
this beige seersucker skirt and this
really interesting cut I really like the
fact that you can show a tiny bit of
your leg in the middle but the outer
layers cover you up I slid into some
nude suede flat mules and then
accessorized with some gold jewelry
personally I think that this would
totally work in a business setting maybe
in like more of a creative field but
then again I've never had to work in an
office with the strict dress code so
modify what you have to uh so I hope it
helps
next up Saint Sunday asks I'm in a
long-distance relationship and I need to
pick them up at the airport so
and what should I wear I want to look
elegant but relaxed oh this question
makes me so happy because I've been
there girl who long-distance
relationships are tough and I've had to
meet Ben at the airport for many
occasions so this is an outfit that I
would wear if I was trying to do elegant
but casual the elegance factor comes
from this colorful printed cover-up it's
flowy and comfy and adds a touch of
romance underneath I'm wearing a black
bodysuit and then wore it with some
distress shorts to give it more of an
effortless feel I will pop a blue on my
shoes and then accessorized with these
cute star earrings and that's it I hope
you and your boyfriend have an amazing
time together and I'm ready for you guys
the last question comes from Facebook
Grace asks why Jen I always have the
dilemma of looking flat in my chesticles
I'm a really thin and short girl and I'm
the actual president of the itty bitty
titty committee please help me find some
type of way to compromise or help first
off boobs are great whether you're big
or small and honestly there's a lot of
pros on being small chested I will
discuss those details in a separate
video but to help your question in
particular I think a really great way to
enhance the chest is to wear tops with
the ruffle detail in combination with a
sweetheart shape here I have this pin
striped top from Bardot and I believe
this top checks both of those boxes the
ruffle gives the illusion of a fuller
chest and the sweetheart shape just
defines it for the bottom I'm wearing a
white corduroy skirt and then I popped
on some nude platforms to give me that
height that I want accessorized with
some cool toned jewelry and voila
there's your outfit alrighty folks
that's all the time I have for today if
you'd like to be featured in the next
what would Jen wear feel free to tweet
me at I'm genom on twitter with the
hashtag WWJ w and you might be picked
for the next episode and lastly before I
left I wanted to announce that this is
your last chance to get the genisis wap
collection with colour-pop this was my
collaboration with them and
unfortunately this term is of I signed a
three-month contract the last day you
can purchase it is September 13th so
please grab it while you can it is truly
one of my favorite quads I'm wearing
on my eyes right now it is perfect for
the fall so if you'd like to purchase it
feel free to open the description box
I'll put a link in there and you can
grab it sad all good things come to an
end anyway I hope you guys enjoyed the
video and I'll see you guys in my next
one bye why don't you go you're next
you did it my you did it could go yeah
this is a bag of my cheese poop come on
trash yeah good girl the wind is really
going out as well
