Oh Mondays don't have to be so dreadful
think of it as a fresh start to the week
and a brand-new opportunity to rock
something it excites you to school I've
always been a major fan of Olive because
it's just an effortless pop of color
underneath this layer I'm wearing a
sleeveless tank because it's still
freakin hot here then I grounded the
look with some earthy accessories and
calls it a day
me
this is my Tuesday look I was really
tempted to call this my prison look
because of this rad pop orange I'm
obsessed with the sweater because of the
beautiful artwork and the
tongue-in-cheek statement in the back
consider the sweater a silent cry for
help as you're drowning in deadlines I
don't know where you're from but I grew
up calling Wednesday hump day because
it's in the middle of the week so just
kind of imagine a little hump in the
week so to play around with the saying I
decided to go for a nice camel theme
here I have this ultra thin hoody dress
from ragged priest underneath I'm
wearing some camel lace-up shorts but
honestly if you have some tight biker
shorts those will do as well slip into
some comfy trainers and you've got
yourself a cool camel look
I love Thursdays you're so close to the
weekend you can almost smell it
this outfit contains a simple but
effective motivational quote anyone can
just do something and because this shirt
is so neon I'm sure everyone can read
this memo and hopefully apply it to
their lives as well it's Friday
I've saved my most girly outfit for the
last do not let the denim jacket fool
you because underneath I got something
that's them as here I have this floral
off-the-shoulder number paired with this
cute 60s button-down skirt feeling a
little too exposed just throw on that
distressed jacket again and you're back
to looking casual and cool
so those were all my back-to-school
slash college outfits please let me know
in the comments which outfit was your
fav and please don't forget to like the
video thank you so much for watching and
I'll see you in the next one bye behind
the pocket and interns you're right a
bit have the right just wind
put the head up head look out for me
let's give it
