Ricky hello
Mitra and I'm here with the video sister
basically we're out here for outside
lands thanks to google chromecast they
have a tenth year involved get cast
ready and it's been really amazing to
check it out so far I'll give you a
little tour in a little bit but first
we're going to check out the festival
very smoky it's funny
hi guys it is day two about silence I'm
winning my Graham obviously we are
heading out to the festival right now
because I have a meet-up at the
chromecast tent at one o'clock I'm so
excited to meet all of you guys it's
just you know really nice estimate
setting and we had to be bundle up warm
today I am super excited to see air
Radiohead give me so much fun
here's the station we can get bejeweled
also there are temporary tattoos I
really like these watercolor ones
Oh
to choose for you
it's a breeze
kill me right now
and the final day of outside lands for
one gram down mashaallah work to do so
just us two just want lavender out here
oh geez Oh Joseph everywhere did we sit
across from each other so hard to film
too
is it only when
haha
oh my god did I feel good yeah try it
again one more time try it again go for
it go for it
ready
that was such a fail we were just behind
it so Jan Yahoo jump again Jim again in
front of it here we go
love me
Oh
I am
alright guys so I am finally home I had
the best time at outside lands it's
really one of my favorite music
festivals because of the weather the
people the lineup and just being back in
the Bay in general makes me super happy
and it's all thanks to chromecast please
head on over to the website it's
chromecast com2 check out their products
I'll leave a link in the description box
so pop that open anyway thank you guys
so much for watching and I'll see you
guys in the next one bye
