hey everyone it's your girl Jen and
today I partnered up with simple
skincare to show you how easy and fun
experimenting with makeup can be their
products allow me to make up for makeup
by giving back to my skin rather than
just simply removing it usually I'm a
pretty neutral girl but today I'm
experimenting with some makeup trends
that I've been seeing all over the
runways first we've got the cobalt eye
and second we've got this glossy
editorial I look so let's get started
I'm starting with my foundation and
brows already on and I've already
prepped my skin with simple cleansers I
am going for an angled edgy look so I'm
going to use some tape
make sure you peel it off and on on the
back of your hand or something so that
way when you remove the tape it won't
remove your foundation either I want a
brilliant blue so I'm using colourpop's
luckily and I'm going to apply that all
over the lid the tape is going to give
you that nice sharp cat eye so just go
downtown on it next to blend this all
out I'm using mocha from my Too Faced
chocolate bon bons palette this is just
a nice brown to intensify and blend it
all out I want to get some more drama so
I'm using cats by color pop and I'm just
popping that into the outer corners of
my eyes for some shimmer and highlight
grab satin sheets from the same palette
and apply that to the inner corners and
on top of that brow bone I'm done with
eye shadows now so I'm just going to
peel off the tape and boom look how
sharp that line is I want to make sure
that the blue is really showing so I'm
just gonna pop on some luckily right on
the lids just to intensify that color
since the edges are so crisp I'm just
gonna skip eyeliner because you don't
need it I'm going to balance out my eye
by using Lancome's drama liquid pencil
and tight line the bottom of my eye I'm
finishing off the eyes with a couple
coats of Urban Decay's cannonball which
is one of my favorite waterproof
mascaras and I'm just going to amp this
makeup look by throwing on some falsies
because I want that instant drama I'm
going to quickly contour my face using
Charlotte Tilbury zoom star bronze &
Glow I'm just going to apply the bronzer
on my cheeks cheeks I'm going for that
nice sunkissed look now I'm going to
grab the highlighter and I'm just going
to apply it all over the top
my cheeks and nose for my lips I'm going
to keep it neutral I'm using the shade
by Rimmel which is just going to bring
all the attention to my eyes and now we
are finished with look number one this
colorful makeup look is perfect for any
days you want that extra glam factor
because it's all about blue this summer
so before I move on to my second look
I'm going to remove all this makeup
using simple skincare products first I'm
going to use simples facial cleansing
wipes and I'm going to use this to take
all my foundation off and it's going to
give me that clean base again while
still being gentle on my skin I love
these wipes because they're a really
soft fabric which isn't harsh or strip
the skin now to remove my eye makeup I'm
using simples dual effect eye makeup
remover and shaking it well since it's a
two-part formula then I'm going to soak
it onto a cotton round and I'm just
going to gently press it onto my eye
this formula is very effective without
any harsh rubbing it breaks down all
that eye makeup even waterproof mascara
and it's still hydrating since it
conditions the lashes too ah now my
makeup is all gone and my skin is left
feeling clean happy and hydrated now
let's start with the second look for
foundation I'm using Smashbox is Studio
skin and just going to dot it all across
my face and then with the wet Beauty
Blender I'm just going to bounce and
blend away to set everything I'm using
this powder from pixie this is just
going to lock everything in place now
for the brows I'm just going to quickly
fill them in so we can get started with
the eye shadow for the eyes i'm using a
maze from colour-pop and i'm going to
apply this shimmery shade all over the
lids now going back to the Too Faced
palette I'm using satin sheets again to
apply to the corners of my eyes now
using this blending shade I'm just going
to pop that onto the outer corners of my
eyes for more depth this is going to
give a really beautiful base for that
gloss we're going to put on top now
using Aiko's eyeliner pen I'm going to
draw a dramatic cat eye to define the
shape of my eye I'm using a brownish
liner instead of block because I don't
want it to be too harsh curl your lashes
and apply your favorite mascara I'm just
going to pop on some lashes before I
apply the gloss because I don't know how
they're gonna react together now that my
lashes are on I'm using milk makeups
vinyl
and I'm a little intimidated by this I'm
not gonna lie I'm going to squeeze a
generous amount and I'm just going to
put it on my lids and I'm just going to
Pat it and I'm going to hope that it
gives my eye a beautiful glossy wet look
to finish up the face I've got a contour
you already saw me do this for blush I'm
using tarts exposed just to add some
color to the face then I'm going to dust
on the highlighter like we did for the
previous look I want to add a punch of
color to this look so I'm using a
Smashbox is outloud which is this really
nice
burnt sienna color I think it looks
killer with this eye makeup and there
you have it a wet and wild look for
summer
alright guys so that was my take on to
makeup trends that I've always wanted to
try out I am definitely own makeup
artist so this was a little bit
challenging and I think the best part
about makeup is that it all comes off at
the end of day it's temporary and simple
skincare really allows me to make up for
all this makeup so that way I can
experiment whenever I want if you would
like to try out simple products head on
over to their website you can download a
coupon so you can try out the product
for yourself if you enjoyed this video
please hit that like button and thank
you so much for watching you guys bye 1
