hi guys welcome back to another episode
of favorites as you can see my
background is very different because I'm
currently in the Hamptons but I decided
to take a little break from everything
and sit down to film this for you guys
because it's the beginning of July which
means that I'm going to be talking about
all the things that be me happy for June
so let's get started
on the top of the list I have this hat
from kin /k I have been wearing this hat
non-stop because of the unexpected color
it's a really great summer hat because
it's teal and surprisingly it goes well
with a lot of other colors and one of my
favorite parts of this hat is definitely
the beading all around the rim
it's got hints of gold white black so
you can really have the freedom to
choose whatever type of metal you want
it just goes the nice and boho theme
another accessory that I've been
repeating over and over have been these
sunglasses I actually got these at the
Rose Bowl flea market which is a flea
market that happens once every month I
believe it's the second Sunday and last
month I got to go with my girlfriends
and I got these sunglasses for 5 bucks
the vendor was originally selling them
for $10 but I got him to whittle down
the price because the paint is chipping
a little bit so yeah 5 bucks pretty
great deal I think what really drew me
to these sunglasses were the fact that
they kind of look similar to the ones
that Kurt Cobain wore but I feel like
these are a lot more modern because
they're thinner and sleeker and less
called alike now I'm going to move on
over to some products that I have been
loving here I have Touches luminous dewy
skin mist
I feel like this mist has been all over
YouTube I think my first encounter with
this mist was my color pop shoot Claire
did my makeup and afters finished she
sprayed this dewy skin mist all over my
face and literally felt like there was a
light bulb inside me because I was
glowing last month I managed to snag
myself a full bottle on my own and this
has been amazing to wear on nights out
or just a summers day where I want to
look like I'm really really dewy around
a month and a half ago I switched up my
face cleanser to Kate Somerville's
gentle daily wash I do
want to talk about this product until I
was just certain that it was compatible
with my skin luckily no breakouts so
this stuff is good it is a gel cleanser
it's very soothing and it lathers up
really well and I found it not
irritating and I think it's fun to use
the reason why I say that is because the
way the product comes out is quite
inventive you twist the end and it just
kind of comes off like that I've read a
couple of complaints about it but
personally I think it's a really fun way
to wash your face
no breakouts so this goes on my a-list
June was the month for division it's all
that we've been listening to and by we I
mean been self and Silas they are a
Canadian R&B duo so if you like R&B
music you're gonna love it so saw that
they were playing in LA so we surprised
her boyfriends with tickets so we ended
up just going on a surprise double date
and the show was amazing he is
incredible live he sounds exactly like
the record which I found really
surprising because he mostly sings in
falsetto and those those are really high
but he killed it every song it was
amazing it was just a really great
double date and just really good
experience then also got me a t-shirt
from the concert so I have a mento of
that show for live this month I finally
have a book favorite I know it kind of
took me a while to find a book that I
enjoyed but I love Sphinx bye and Greta
this is a genderless love story which
means that the author never says or
talks about the genders of either of the
characters or the couple in love and I
thought that was super fascinating
that's honestly why I got the book in
the first place because I wanted to see
how the author would pulled it off
this book takes place in Paris and the
main character who is never given a name
is a DJ and the main character falls in
love with a dancer who you also don't
know the gender of the author did an
amazing job describing the nightlife
scene of Paris the ups and downs of a
night owl and it just made me really
want to party in Paris one day this is
also quite a short read I think I
knocked this out in two days so go check
it out
it's only like 120 pages
oh you can you know if you're in the
mood for a quick interesting read go for
it
alrighty guys so that is the end of my
favourites before I go I wanted to let
you know about my face book I'm becoming
more and more active on Facebook because
they have this cool feature called
Facebook live which is where I could
just go on my phone and go live and talk
to you guys and that's been a really
really fun way to engage and talk with
you guys
so yeah head on over to my facebook it
is the equals encounters because someone
took close encounter so I just stick a V
in the front make sure you follow so you
always know when I go live and get to
hang out so that's pretty much it
I hope you guys enjoyed the video and
I'll see you guys next time
