morning guys welcome to my car I know a
lot of you guys were requesting car
vlogs so here we go I thought that I
would take you guys along with me today
because I've got a couple of errands and
meetings to do so I thought that no no
that I'd film it and kill two birds with
one stone sorry I'm turning
we are heading on over to Santa Monica
right now and literally driving to Santa
Monica is probably my least favorite
thing to do because it is so far
according to LA standards I live in
downtown so driving to Santa Monica is
like 40 minutes with traffic and then
going back home is like an hour even
though it's only maybe 15 miles away
just that car congestion is very real in
this city yeah I'm heading on over to
Ken and yeah it's going to be a fun
meeting filled with topics such as
objectives optimization goals I don't
know all that fun stuff hey guys welcome
to another car vlog today I'm about to
see my personal trainer her name is Jen
with two N's
so we did bond over that it's not very
often you see a Jen with two N's
anyway this is my first time ever having
a fitness trainer and so far I think
it's pretty cool we trained for one hour
and every time I see her she kicks my
ass and I guess I got triggered because
who know I guess the past like eight
nine ten months I've gained some weight
and you know I'm not stressing too much
about it because the greatest thing
about weight is that it comes off if you
work on it so that's exactly what I'm
doing I am trying to eat healthier I'm
trying to work out even more and I
thought that I would get you know good
system down once when I have a trainer
so I thought I would
you don't bring you guys along with me
so you can see how much I sweat let's go
we do modern me to be great to drop the
letter for you thank you
sup guys we are back the car I had to
stop by home really quickly to have some
lunch and a shower
well shower felt so good today its day I
started to wash my hair so I feel extra
clean but we are back on the road now
because we are heading on over to
Melrose to get a facial at Kate
Somerville I'm super excited what better
way to spend your day than working out
like a beast and then treating yourself
like a princess
I mean Cassie's Onew invented that the
reason why my thumbnails have been on
point
you're just currently brainstorming all
the other thumbnails that we'll be doing
these gameplay July July she's amazing
and go follow her on Instagram Instagram
does the girls underscore
hi guys happy Sunday first up on the
agenda is the Santa Anita racetrack a
good friend Amy invited us because she
has a sweep there so pretty stoked about
that I have never been to a race track
before but I do know there's going to be
food booze and horses so that's what I
could expect so far these girls are my
high school friends we DV that was the
whole schedule
so we are here at fan and Josh's place
it's already sounding pretty good
they've got like a little mini festival
going on yeah it's called Brown Josh
Palooza so they've got like I locked the
wind up going on the rock bender was a
plutonic Bobo come over so cool super
excited about that
