hi guys it's me Jen and I'm back with
another target video because summer is
officially here now that it's hot it's
time to hit those pools beaches lakes or
any body of water that you're closest to
and instead of just doing like a normal
swimsuit collection video I thought that
it would be a lot more fun if I styled
my swimsuits into wearable outfits all
the target pieces will be available in
the description box so without further
ado let's get cracking with the first
trend one trend that I've been seeing
non-stop for the summer is the tropical
print and it just makes sense because
tropics and summer just go hand in hand
and that's what inspired me to style my
first bikini top here and I love this
neon tropical print because it's super
bright and very vibrant the fact that
it's strapless means there's no room for
awkward tan lines and personally I think
this type of bikini style is my favorite
I can totally envision wearing this
outfit to an event on a warm summer
night
the next swimsuit I'll be styling is
this turquoise one-piece and I really
love to print on this because it's just
a bunch of palm leaves coming together
and I really don't think when pieces get
enough credit so that's why I'm showing
lots and lots of love to this one to
make this a complete outfit I paired
this swimsuit with this white tennis
skirt from my closet
this outfit is something I would wear to
a water park or even a music festival
there was a ton of like water sections
we can get wet so I feel like an outfit
like this would just go perfectly 4th of
July is right around the corner which
means that anything Americana is back
and in full force so that's why I
thought my last two outfits would be my
interpretation of this trend this
bathing suit top is a great base for any
Americana outfit because it's already
incorporating the stripes in the flag
the stripes are really close together so
it's just subtle nod to the trend and
for my full outfit I have this matching
printed set the white scattered prints
represents stars and the pattern strips
on the end represent the stripes
this outfit goes above and beyond just
4th of July I think it's an outfit that
you can wear all summer long my last
swimsuit I'll be styling is this cute
modern white bikini top I'm a huge fan
of this black piping because it just
makes it look extra chic to make it
Americana inspired I've just paired it
with some of my old distressed denim and
then I just throw on a comfy Red Funnel
which is just a piece in my closet this
is just another easy way to incorporate
red white and blue without looking
exactly like the flag alright guys so
those are my 4 easy boardwalk to beach
looks and I would love to see how you
sell your swimsuits using the hashtag
Target style on socials and make sure
you hit that description box for all the
Target pieces they're super cute so go
get them now and thank you so much for
watching I'll see you guys in the next
one bye mwah
you
