hi guys as you can see I have a very
special guest on my channel today I have
the chriselle lim the world chicest
mommy amazing thing know I've always
been such a huge fan of her style so we
thought that we would do a style swap so
she's going to be styling me in three of
our signature looks so the first like I
styled Jenin is my signature all-white
look this is pretty much my go-to outfit
whether I have a meeting but if you're
looking to go out on a date or Sprunt
with your girlfriends and you could take
that blazer off and you're good to go
so the second lick ice ballad genin is
my off-duty look which is pretty much my
go-to piece when I have nothing to wear
or I simply don't know what to wear and
it's really all the details whether it
be a set it back or a thin black choker
to just top off the look monochromatic
and matching sets are a favorite of mine
because it's an easy way to look really
put together without having to think too
hard about it I love this length because
it's really sporty yet feminine at the
same time which is a good reflection of
my personal style
alright guys I hope you guys enjoyed
these three outfits if you'd like to see
how I styled kriselle please head on
over to my channel I've got her in my
clothes
they're cute clothes dude yeah but if
you haven't subscribed already please do
too crystal she has amazing content on
her channel and thank you so much
watching i'll see in the next one hi
you
