what's up everyone it's me Jen and it is
the end of the month which means it's
time to wrap up and recap some of my
favorite things of last month so let's
just dive on into the first product I
don't know why but I have this huge
thing for head accessories and for the
month of May I have been loving the hell
out of this bandanna I just love the
versatility of it first you can just
wear it as a choker and you just look
nice and chic or you can fold it up and
make it into a cute little headband like
this and I love the fact that the
corners make it look like you have
little ears and in Korea
I actually got another form of the
headband here it is it looks like it's
just made out of a scarf but luckily
it's in headband form so this is
actually a lot more convenient to just
pop on and also I will be filming a
Korean fashion haul showing you all the
items that I got there so stay tuned for
that you'll see this headband and you
will see this shirt this is also from
Korea my next favorite is something that
is so near and dear to my heart is my
collaboration with colour-pop called
janessa claw and this is something that
I've been working on for months and
months and months so the fact that it's
finally out and available is so so real
to me and it's such a landmark in my
life and I just really wanted to share
it with you guys and I named this
collection
gennosuke ah because it's kind of like a
wordplay of the French saying Janousek
law and to my knowledge it means like a
quality that can't be described or you
can't really pinpoint it it's like when
someone or something has that certain it
factors that you just can't quite put
into words
that's what Jenna said claw means and so
I have been saving this pun for a really
long time so BAM there it is and so this
is the eyeshadow quad and I just named
the shadows one through four in French
because I really wanted to match like
the French kind of theme for the
eyeshadows at least so the first color
is called oh and this is just like a
beautiful shimmery champagne color
second we have two which is a really
nice satiny tan color and it's been my
go to blending shade
we have tois which is a brick red shade
and lastly we have cat which is a really
deep espresso color and yeah that is the
quad they're super affordable only five
bucks a pop I am wearing them on my eyes
right now so stay tuned for this
tutorial now on tulip colors you guys
know that corals are my jam so that's
where Toki comes into the mix and for
those who don't know - he is my Korean
name and I just thought like I would
bring back life to my Korean name
because there was a point in time where
my parents started to call me Jen and I
was like no no we need to keep Toya
alive and running so I thought that
naming my favorite shade into my Korean
name would be perfect and lastly I have
Generation X which is a really vibrant
red ish orange color and all eyes are on
your lips when you're wearing this color
this is perfect for any summer statement
look so that is my entire collection
with color pop and I will be filming
more tutorials using all these products
because these are like my go-to shades
and I am just so stoked that they're in
the form of like a physical collection
now that that has my name on it and I'm
just really proud of it and I just can't
wait to show you more ideas and looks on
how you can use this so I've been
slightly differently this month I took a
break from CY Chloe and I've hopped back
onto the Marc Jacobs honey train I only
used to have the rollerball before but
this month I just committed and I got
the full blown bottle and I have no
regrets
I think this scent just screams summer
and spring and it just makes me happy
it's really fruity it's really sweet
vibrant but it's not nauseating it's
just it's just the right amount of
everything and I just love the packaging
- it's just so cute and quirky so while
I was in Korea we spent a lot of time on
the road because my dad rented a car
because he wanted me my brother and my
mom to see the countryside of Korea and
I thought that was cool but that also
meant that we were in the car for like
long periods of times I was listening to
a lot of music so like by hour three in
the car I was just like saying along to
like the new 1975 album but I was just
kind of like wait a minute like I wonder
what this song actually means so that
led to me
googling the lyrics and then I landed on
this website called genius comm and this
websites so cool because it will first
show you the lyrics for every song and
like contributors will tell you what
each paragraph means and so I thought it
was just like amazing getting to know
like the context of everything they'll
like dig in and they will grab
everything they know about the artist
and they will just like somehow form
like a story so you understand exactly
where the artist came from or at least
their perception of it it's actually
quite refreshing because I think these
days a lot of people just let like music
wash over them and you forget that these
are like you forget that songs are like
three to four minutes short stories and
when a song has like a sick beat and
like meaningful lyrics like you just
have like a new respect for that
musician or that band gotta save the
most random favorite for last
I discovered this amazing gem in Korea
we found this at a gas station while
driving my dad was really tired so we're
looking at all these like different
energy drinks and then we saw this weird
gum and this basically is like a no
sleep no drowsy gum it's just basically
like a super a menthol gum like more
mentally than I've ever experienced
before but everything about this is just
like intense like it's in the form of
like a black tab and when you chew it
your entire sinuses are clear and you
feel like you're like breathing with
your eyes it's amazing like this is the
first I've ever had a gum like this so I
got like three packs of it to bring back
to the states and I just wanted to let
you know if you're ever in Korea grab a
bottle of this for me all right guys so
that concludes my may favorites and can
you believe that we're nearly halfway
done with 2016 like literally where did
this year go it's like tripping me out
but anyway feel free to open the
description box for any available links
of the items that I talked about and if
you'd like to leave any of your personal
favorites in the comments down below I
would love to read about them also
another bit of news this girl is moving
out of this place like I love this house
but it's time for a new start
I need separate rooms like this place is
all just one big room and
it'd be nice to have like walls again
but yeah before I move I will be filming
a apartment tour so stay tuned for that
I hope you guys have an incredible day
and I'll see you guys in the next one
bye
