hey everyone it's me Jen and I partnered
up but Target again to give you some
outfit tips on how you can pack lighter
and make more efficient outfits while
you're on your vacation I know that
summer is coming up so a lot of you guys
are going to be out traveling so I
thought this would be the best time for
me to share some pointers in the outfit
Department and all the target pieces
will be in the description box so please
hit that so without further ado let's
get onto the tips if you're the type of
person who gets really overwhelmed I'm
not knowing what outfit to pack because
you struggle you know coordinating a top
at the bottom I would say throw in some
dresses in that bag because dresses are
so simple and versatile honestly if I
could only pick one article of clothing
to live in for the rest of my life it
would definitely be addressed because
they're so comfortable they're so chic
and it literally takes seconds to slip
on and you just look really put together
and here I have three dresses from
Target these two are from Massimo they
are the same cut in style but they have
different prints and I think that this
kind of cut is just super flattering on
everybody the last dress is this
beautiful white gown and this is
definitely something you would wear to I
don't know a really nice dinner or just
like a fancy brunch it all depends where
you're going just not probably not to a
wedding an easy tip for maximizing your
outfit range is to pack a swimsuit that
doubles as a normal one here I have this
black halter bathing suit top that can
totally pass as casual day where I love
the lace and the halter top allows you
to adjust straps
pair this bikini top with some
high-waisted shorts and you've got an
easy beach to boardwalk look an
essential piece to pack is your classic
button-down here I have this dark rich
in deco Dedham button down from aronia
and i'm going to quickly show you how
versatile it is by showing three
different ways to style it first you can
just throw it over the bathing suit
outfit I showed you it just adds a cool
layered effect and will give you some
coverage for a cute preppy look simply
button it up and tie the remaining
fabric into a knot this look is great
because it's so playful and cute and
lastly an easy no-brainer outfit is to
tie it around the waist for that 90s
feel and there you have it a button-down
in three ways one of my absolute
favorite accessories to pack is a Sun
Hat this is necessary for any trip where
there's going to be lots and lots of Sun
I love this white brim tap from the
brand Moroni and what makes it different
from other Sun hats in the market is the
frame detail all around the ends my last
tip touches on beauty because when I
travel I want my makeup bag to be as
light as possible and so that's why I've
been really loving to use BB cushions BB
cushions are a really huge trend in
Korea and this brand Mullen Edge has
been my favorite one to use when you're
traveling with this you don't need a
pack your foundation brush or your
Beauty Blender because the cushion is
what you apply the product with simply
get the pad and press it down onto the
formula and then tap it onto your face
until it's fully blended this also has
SPF 50 so if you forget your sunscreen
it's not the end of the world because
the BB cushion has got you covered
alright guys so those were some tips I
keep in mind when I am packing I would
love to see any of your vacation looks
on socials by using the hashtag target
style I would seriously love to see them
and yes all the target pieces will be in
the description box below so hit that if
you're interested in anything and yeah
that's it thank you so much for watching
and I'll see you the next one bye guys
mwah
you
