so of course I'm starting off with a
moisturized base and then I'm clipping
back my hair so everything is in place
I'm going to go in with makeup Forever's
mattifying primer so I avoid any
potential oily skin throughout the day
for foundation I'm using Makeup Forever
HD foundation and I'm just going to
start dotting it all across my face how
I usually do and then with a damp Beauty
Blender I'm just going to start dabbing
and blending until the entire
application is nice and even with a tude
houses big cover cushion concealer I'm
just going to apply this onto my under
eye circles this is a shade lighter than
my skin so it's really going to help
brighten up any dark circles or
discoloration I have underneath my eyes
it is time to set everything we've done
so I'm using Pixies translucent powder
and grabbing a big fluffy brush I'm just
going to gently tap the powder onto my
face we're going to move on over to the
brows now I'm using colourpop's brow
pencil in two shades first I'm grabbing
dope taupe and I'm just going to start
drawing in the base of my brows and then
I'm going to use the spoolie on the
other side I'm just going to really go
downtown on blending then with the
darker color I'm just going to define my
entire brow and just polish them off
until they're as good as they can be I'm
going to go in with my Jenna saccade
eyeshadow palette and I'm gonna grab one
which is a beautiful shimmery champagne
color just make a circular motion with a
clean finger and then apply it all over
the lid this is going to create a
gorgeous wash of glimmer all over the
eye which is going to be the base for
this look then I'm going to use do which
is a sandy beige for my crease I'm using
this blending brush from Mac which I
find really works well with this creamy
eyeshadow once I finish adding the color
I'm going to go back with in and apply
it to the corners of my eyes as well as
my brow bone next up I'm using Quattro
which is a dark espresso brown and with
a flat smudge brush I'm using that to
begin lining the outer corners of my
eyes I'm just gonna be creating a faint
cat eye for now but I'll show you how I
really sharpen it up later now I'm using
a smaller and denser smudge brush I'm
using Quattro to create a more defined
cat eye from the base recreated I'm
going to create a more natural and
subtle cat eye which i think is amazing
for this look once you're done it is
time for lashes I'm using Lancome's doll
eyes waterproof mascara and I'm just
going to apply a generous coat to my
bottom lashes and then to the top I like
to give each set of lashes to separate
coats in order to have that really
serious innocent doe eyed look if you're
locking in the last jeans like me grab
your favorite set of lashes and then
just pop them on for a flirty fluttery
look I'm contouring using Charlotte
Tilbury film-star bronze & Glow and as
you can see it's very much loved by me
I've already hit pan and I'm just going
to pop that onto the hollows of my
cheeks to slim down my face and make my
jaw line really pop then using NARS
orgasm which is a vibrant punch of pink
I'm just going to apply that all over my
cheeks and it's just going to bring back
the color to my face and give me a nice
healthy wash to my complexion
then using the highlighter from my
Charlotte Tilbury palette I'm going to
add some serious glow to my skin and I'm
going to apply it to the apples of my
cheeks top of my nose and then all over
the Cupid's bow now to tackle the lips
I'm using colourpop's liner tolki to
prep my lips for my coral shade I'm only
applying this to the edges so that the
lip color doesn't feather to color
everything in I'm using tolki in the
ultra satin lip which has been my
favorite coral shade I've been rocking
it everywhere and for those who are
wondering tolki is my Korean name I just
thought it makes sense name my signature
color with a name that I was brought up
with I just love this formula because it
seriously it does not budge and I think
it's beautiful on any skin tone for more
daring color option here I have
Generation X which is a vibrant
statement coral shade I think this
really complements the shimmery
eyeshadows and I also think it's a
killer option for any summer look you
have in mind
I hope you guys enjoyed this makeup look
you can purchase the entire Janousek box
collection at color pop calm I will
leave a link in the description box and
I also going to film a separate tutorial
on tois which is the reddish color I
just felt like it was a little too
intense to add to this eye look so I'm
going to be just filming a separate
tutorial on that and lastly before I
left I wanted to let you know that we
are giving away three of these kits for
three winners the giveaway is going to
be international it's going to be hosted
on Facebook and all the details will be
in the description box so click that so
you can see how you can win your very
own kit I want to thank you guys so much
for this opportunity like literally this
would not have happened without you guys
and don't you think I forget that
because I seriously don't
I want to thank colour-pop for
collaborating with me and thank you for
watching I will see you guys in the next
one bye
