you guessed it we're going camping
together for the very very first time I
have partnered up with simple skincare
because they encouraged me to go test
the water and try something new and we
thought the best way to do that was to
leave our home and go out into the
wilderness and I don't know who knows
maybe all of it hey I can't like the
nature we got this okay so Ben and I are
at chill-out campground it is an hour
away from downtown LA and it literally
looks like we're in Yosemite it's
amazing and luckily there's nobody here
on any of these campgrounds Ben has
already made himself quite comfortable
see this is the easiest thing to say
next up the tent
one hour later one hour later the tent
is set up it's quite smooth actually
didn't have any problems teamwork
teamwork directions were rubbish put ten
in set ten up okay great we've got the
tent up check that out
we made the tent our home we've got our
lovely double sleeping bag we've got
some insulators I think this is what's
call it's like a foam pad pretty much
since we've got this all set up I think
we're gonna explore the wilderness I
want to climb on a rock yes then was the
Khaimah rock Jenna's managed to calm her
own rock look quite all right guys it is
5 p.m. now and I think Ben and I are
going to cook dinner pretty soon so I
want to make sure I'm really comfortable
and clean before we start doing that so
I'm just going to take off all my makeup
so in my handy little wash bag
I brought simples micellar cleansing
water and I absolutely love this stuff
because it's really gentle yet super
effective and I love the fact that you
can like bring it out anywhere even in
the woods so now I'm just going to pop
open the top and then I'm going to grab
a handy little cotton round and I'm
going to completely soak that once
that's done just swipe it on your face
and it's going to take all your makeup
off and now my skin is clean and
hydrated here is the evidence of all
that yucky makeup and dirt and I love
the fact that you don't have to rinse
after because there's no running water
here so that's kind of a godsend
you
ah looks pretty good actually check that
out yes so I just said to you tuck in
you haven't heard that no what is that
tuck it I'm assuming I guess it's
another English saying it means you know
yeah yeah eat up what's what's like an
American version like gobble up no no no
let's see all right
chow down
good morning
so we survived the night honestly it
took a while to get to bed because of
all the nature noises like the Coyotes
the mountain lions haha but after we got
over that hump
we slept like bricks but now that it's
morning I'm just going to freshen up and
have some breakfast
alright guys so the tech is all packed
up which means that I managed to make it
through our very first camping trip
together and now it's your turn to go
outside your comfort zone
I'm encouraging you to test the water by
trying something new this summer tell me
what you want to do in the comments down
below using the hashtag I would love to
hear about it even if it's something
small like trying out like a new
skincare product or if you want to go
camping like I did I would love to hear
about it it's good to make memories and
it's good to always stretch yourself and
expand don't be afraid to try something
new anyway thank you so much for
watching and I'll see you the next one
hi
