chokers have been one of my favorite
accessories so I thought I'd do a little
lookbook on my favorite styles so let's
jump into the first outfit
my first choker is from adorned maid and
this one is quite unique because of the
gold band it's attached to this really
long dainty string with gold bubbles all
around it and it creates the perfect
effortless combo I paired it with my H&M
bodysuit and Emily's DIY work skirt I
added a pop print with this
birds-of-paradise bomber from Zara
you
these next few chokers might be familiar
if you watched my April favorites video
this has been my favorite era choker
combination the faint shimmer of gold is
the perfect addition to any flowy summer
frocks you might have in your closet
leave a is my favorite spot to get
something super trendy yet affordable I
grabbed this leather string choker and I
just did the classic tie around your
neck and then knot it at the end look I
thought it complemented really well with
his legs for days jumpsuit from TN cup
don't think I forgot about my silver
chokers these are my two favorite ones
from childhood wild and I always layer
them together for an elaborate ornate
vibe I sell these with my cute little
place oop from Zara because it creates a
really great contrast with a really
Angelica silhouette of the robber
if you have a little scarf at home fold
it up and create an instant fabric
choker I absolutely love the way a
folded up scarf looks around the neck
for this classy look I throw on and off
the shoulder top with some chic joggers
alright guys so that's a wrap on the
chokers lookbook please comment down
below and let me know which look was
your favorite or you can leave me a
comment asking me what trend I should
style next because I want to know what
you guys think and as you can see my
background is very different because
your girl is in the motherland
aka Korea I'm out here on a family trip
because my cousin's getting married so
it's really exciting I haven't been with
like my entire family on a trip like
this since I was like 10 years old I am
vlogging here so stay tuned for that
it's going to be a lot of like wholesome
family adventures I suppose but yeah I
hope your day is going amazing and I
will see you guys in the next video bye
