hi guys so I am in Hollywood which I am
never hatched so I thought I would just
kind of show you around the neighborhood
I think I'm going to pop by to local
stores today but first I'm gonna eat
some lunch
hi guys Ben and I are at the Getty Villa
today we just scarfed down lunch because
when we came were freaking hungry but we
got a salad and then a potato and
broccoli soup
anyways I mean everywhere you looks
awesome move to spend the last 20
minutes filming the floor before I mean
I just took photos of the floor you can
tell us a nice price we don't
hi hey guys we are at Santa Monica
promenade right or 3rd Street Promenade
we're like a mall mall a mom and went to
the food court
we decided on some Japanese food just a
nice little cheeky pen so I left the
deluxe oh I got some shrimp tempura Oh
oh my God look at these birds are so
brave
Wow you're not gonna oh right they are a
fool for there's so many birds so we are
at Santa Monica we're about to head on
over to the feet
it's very windy as you can see but I
mean anything goes in this weather you
can wear a sweater you can wear a
leather jacket yes it's not too hot
straight away what do you spot
the obsession continues I mean it's like
actually
yeah
Jen and we oh yeah we got a new member
to the gang Sofia's in Tokyo so we're
taking me off for the day yeah and if
you're wondering why he's one bit
missing or if you're wondering why he's
wearing boots at all it's very cute one
of them he decided not even one on
anymore so that's in the bag he also
didn't want to walk because he's a
little princess we're heading out to
mother for some lunch and then dropping
me off with Emily yeah lots of love for
this little guy yeah what's the bet
this nice kind of it I guess occasional
college soon
