hi guys where the hell did April go I
feel like so much stuff has happened
last month and I also like a lot of
things last month too so let's go ahead
and get started on my favorites first
off I want to talk about a shoe and know
they're not heels they're actually a
pair of sneakers they're the very
coveted nmds by adidas or adidas as Ben
calls it my girl Roslyn actually hooked
me up with these so I can't thank her
enough because it's so rare that a
sneaker excites me um as you know I'm a
heels type of girl but every now and
again there's a sneaker that just makes
me lose my job like these are amazing I
feel like they're the perfect summer
sneaker they're a gorgeous bright white
and they've got really cute pops of blue
on the side then also got a pair of nmds
as well and whenever we wear at the same
time it's kind of like a love and hate
thing because like I kind of like being
cheesy and matching but I kind of hate
it because it's kind of like I feel so
obnoxious matching my boyfriend but yeah
it is what it is it's a gorgeous sneaker
and I will be wearing them all summer
finding the right choker can be a little
tricky I find that the main issue for
people is that chokers make their neck
seem thicker or fatter or girthier and I
found like a way from me to avoid that
problem was to just wear chokers that
are really thin and delicate and this
has been the necklace combination that I
have been loving recently the first one
is this really dainty coin chain
necklace that has three little stones in
the center and the second is this thin
wire that kind of wraps around the neck
and it's got this beautiful drapey chain
at the bottom for a layered effect
because it's gold I feel like it kind of
blends in with my skin a little bit more
so it's just kind of like a muted
glimmer on my neck this is a great base
just to wear like this or you can like
add more but it all depends on your
preference in April I kind of switched
up the way I styled my hair I am back in
the phase of effortless beachy waves and
what sparked this change was I went to
this main addicts event and one of the
items in the goody bag was
Days wave spray and whey has been thrown
around all over the YouTube world and
the blogosphere and I have been dying to
get my hands on a product so when I saw
this I was like yes I'm going to use it
and I'm going to review it and now I'm
reporting back basically I apply this on
wet hair after I have used when styling
cream and when I missed it I'll mist it
from MIT and shaft and once that's
finished misting I will kind of get
pieces of my hair and kind of twist them
in opposite directions for each piece
and then I'll just let it air dry and I
think the key with air drying is to not
touch the hair do not disturb the curl
or else you're just going to kind of
mess it up so don't touch it just go
about your day and after it's finished
drying I'm left with some like really
effortless curls and you're not using
any heat which is awesome but let's say
it's not as like wavy as I'd like it to
you can just go in with like a curling
wand and just add some curls where you
want more definition I actually learned
this technique from Anna Lee who is my
friend and hair stylist so yes babe I am
listening to what you say and I'm giving
my hair a break so I know she's like
probably really happy right now there is
one thing to know about the spray and
it's the fact that it has like a very
heavy fragrance personally I am pretty
neutral on it like it I don't love the
smell but I don't hate it either so I
don't mind it but for those who are more
sensitive to smells definitely give this
a sniff before you purchase because you
might love it or hate it
while I was at Coachella I wore these
little gems on my eyes every day at the
festival and some of you guys were
curious as to what they were and I
wanted to let you know that they're this
brand called charm zzzz they're actually
hair charms and you're supposed to like
iron them onto your hair but I was like
now I'm just gonna stick them on my face
so that's exactly what I did I got a
pair of tweezers I applied some eyelash
glue on the back of it and then I just
popped them on the corners of my eyes
and I found that it was just like a
really nice festival look it made the
eyes look more alluring and I mean who
doesn't want a little sparkle in their
eye I know that music festival season is
in full force so I just thought I would
do a little shout out in case someone
wanted to recreate this look for any
future festival
or even like at the club you can easily
wear these two for my music favorite I
have an artist called Brill's with a Z
and I first heard of him at Coachella a
performance had just finished and Andy
and Sophia were like hey we're like
let's move to the Brill's tent and I was
like what kind of music is it and Sophia
was like just trust me you're gonna love
it let's go and so our entire group
moved on over to where Brill's was
performing and literally when we got
there and the music hit like I was just
like floored it was everything that I
wanted to listen to you it's like a
blend of EDM hip-hop and trap and it was
like one of the best feelings dancing
with all my friends at this tent with
the crazy lights with this freaking
energy it was amazing
ah but now I listen to Brill's
especially when I'm working out or
actually only when I'm working out it's
like a really energetic type of music
it's amazing for cardio it will get your
heart pumping and yeah just like put you
into beast mode so if you want more
workout songs or songs to get ready to
definitely check out Brill's alright
guys so that is a wrap on my April
favorites and before I go I wanted to
let you know that I have made an
appearance on style code live which is
Amazon's new fashion and beauty show I
did a little interview with them while I
was at Coachella and it was so much fun
talking about beauty trends and also my
upcoming collaboration with colour-pop
hey uh hint I'm wearing one of the
colors on my lips right now but yeah I
will leave a link of it in the bio so
please please check it out um other than
that no I have no book favorite um
unfortunately I just feel like I didn't
really have time to read in April I know
that's like a crap excuse but I'm gonna
make more of an effort to read in May if
you would like to comment down below any
of your favorites or something that has
been inspiring to you lately hit leave
me a comment
Elson say hit me a comment but know
leave me a comment below I would really
love that and I hope you guys have a
great day I don't know why I got like so
formal but yeah if you guys have a great
day and I'll see you guys next lines
by my
