hi everyone I am officially in Dallas
I'm here with Ben there he is on the bed
we're watching Coraline on TV we just
arrived we're at the hotel it's very
very nice and super comfortable and now
we're just waiting for Stephanie and
Ashley to arrive so then we can head on
over to the beautycon party anyway I
think I'm just going to freshen up and I
guess get ready for the party
all right mission to get in but work
here I'll meet up in
so so I'm just gathering myself into
water yeah of course I've got other half
okay right here and then my other other
half right here right I've three had
man this is there's nowhere to set this
camera on my car like everything just
looks weird I mean this framing looks
odd I mean I guess this is kind of like
behind the wheel shot but okay anyway hi
guys good morning it is 9:30 a.m. I am
in front of Griffith Park it's one of my
favorite places to hike and I haven't
worked out in two weeks yeah I pulled my
knee a couple weeks ago because I did
not stretch before sprinting and now my
knee starting to get better and I
thought the best way to kind of ease
myself back into the workout world was
to hike I am meeting my girl Emily we're
going to be in the front of the trails
and so I thought I would just you know
take you guys with me uh I was gonna say
it's a beautiful day but it's quite
overcast so it's like a great time to
hike here's a little update Emily's here
Hey and Howie I'm already at a bro we
even thought that ya know oh well this
is the real start of the hike what's it
called um fair Paul Bearpaw Emily and
least over the ones that showed me this
place so my brother originally Charles
okay all right here we go and we don't
stop until we get to the top which is
right it just looked at impressive on
here but this is a mountain okay we're
midway through the mountain I shouldn't
have worn a gray shirt gray shirts are
more susceptible for pit stains but look
how far we came up wait till we show you
the view it's gonna be amazing
here's some more progress well how you
feeling sweaty me too
well you still have actually we're
almost done ah okay how you gonna stop
can you say bye yes
it was a good hike we just gonna you
still need to go down though hello
battery's about to die I'll see you guys
later for lunch hi guy
the hike was awesome I quickly stopped
by my house to change into some normal
clothes still didn't get a chance to put
on any makeup than my eyebrows um about
to meet noon who is one of my friends
from Thailand she's out here in LA
visiting so I'm gonna take her to
costume nori of course and also because
I want to eat there so you know killing
two birds with one stone our first
couple together
Hey
today is a very exciting day it is my
shoot for a color pop yes I'm coming out
with the collection I'm so freaking
excited as you can see I've got my
makeup done and my hair done by the
dream team we've got Claire Marshall
Anna Lee for the hair and we've got
Jesse getting behind these with vou with
this glider so this is a lot going on
robots do my first look in front of this
lovely plant that Sharon got from the
nursery so yeah we're gonna get started
for the first look this is Mike the
photographer you can be shooting me
today
oh it smells so good so this is what
smells good guys
Shu Amira Shu Uemura Shermer sure sure
Maria
shimmer this is the glam hair but the
look number 2 as you can see Claire did
a nice red smokey eye you want to
describe what this look is a sunset
sunset sunset eyes I don't know what
else it that's kind of what it looks
like though it's just like got a very
like warm look and then it that really
beautiful red color that you have just
on the outside it's basically the last
look we just added a little bit of the
wrench or a nice very happy with it
whoa okay this is the last and final
hula guess I can see like my reflection
on my highlight like plastic and then
Anna gave me a nice beautiful curled
look I feel very glamorous
I'm having kind of a rough day today
today YouTube decided to take down Jen
goes to Coachella 2016 off my channel
they didn't even give me a notice they
just literally just took it down so I
was pretty I was pretty freaking upset
like to be honest I don't know it just
sucks because I was super super proud of
the way that video came out and I've
logged the entire time at Coachella
so I just felt like all that just kind
of went to waste so I don't know I'm
just kind of dealing with that but I
mean good news Leo's here Leo where are
you there yes bless you
Sofia is in Japan so we're taking care
of Leo her dog for a couple of days
today I'm heading out to lunch we're
having hot pot I'm going with Clare and
Jesse and Brenda so that is that should
be a highlight of the day um so yeah I'm
just trying to get my mind off it and
just continue you know filming some new
content for you guys so yeah I better
again to the caucus I got to pick up
clear all right bye
hi everyone it's me again I just thought
I would thank you for watching this
random vlog I know it's just kind of a
hodgepodge of clips but I don't know I
just wanted to upload it anyway because
it felt weird to just completely scratch
out the footage and even though each day
is spaced out I thought that it would
just be an easy way for us to kind of
catch up keep you in the loop and about
the coachella video it is now back up
and running
I had to re-edit it and I had a real
footage so it's here now so if you
haven't seen it please click here and
watch it I had such an amazing time
editing this and it was just like such a
beautiful memory and so for it to just
be like taking down for me randomly I
was like oh it was horrible
that day I definitely ranted on snapchat
and Twitter and thank you so much for
those who wrote back to me and what
something really nice and thoughtful
like some of you guys were sending me
photos of your pets some of you guys
were giving motivational quotes and it
just may be really really appreciate you
guys it really really went a long way
and I don't know you guys freaking rock
so thank you the next video after this
should be an April favorites because the
month is coming to an end and then after
that is gonna be a styling video so yeah
good things to go anyway if you're not
subscribed already please do and that's
pretty much it I'll see you guys in the
next one bye
