hey everyone it's me Jen and for this
video I'm collaborating with Sephora now
that festival season is here braids are
trending so hard so that's why today I'm
going to show you how to created this
angelic braid look step-by-step I'm
starting this tutorial on day 2 hair I
just think there's more natural texture
to it but I'm gonna freshen up my roots
by using bumble and bumble spread to
powder which is one of my favorite dry
shampoos just carefully section off your
hair a bit by bit and just kind of poof
it in once you've applied it just
massage the product into your scalp
until the white disappears and once it
absorbs all the oil now I'm just gonna
give my hair some waves with ghd's
curved classic curl iron in the 1 inch
barrel instead of using the clamp I'm
just going to wrap my hair around the
wand because I want more of a PC texture
this is gonna give my hair a nice
effortless tousled look now that my hair
is nicely curled I'm just gonna prep my
hair for braiding I'm using dry bars
triple sec on the sections I'm about to
braid and this is just gonna really set
everything together I'm gonna section
off the top portion of my hair and I'm
just gonna start French braiding it all
the way to my temples French braiding is
still very new to me and I find it
really tricky but with practice you'll
get it you basically just grab a little
bit more hair each time you braid switch
the braid into a easy-peasy 3 strand
braid and then secure it with elastic do
the same on the other side and then
you're gonna be done
I'm gonna combine the braids using a
small elastic and this is just gonna
give an illusion of an ethereal crown
look I'm gonna add more volume by
spraying dry bars triple sec and I'm
gonna be very generous with this because
this is what's gonna give the hair extra
Vavoom now to finally set everything I'm
gonna spray living proofs flux shaping
hairspray onto my braids and curls to
make sure that they stay put I love this
hairspray because it's got a flexible
finish so it holds curls without having
them feel crispy so this is the finished
braided look I am super excited to wear
this during the summer because it's just
very lightweight and it puts the hair
out of your face if you decide to try
this look make sure you share it by
using the hashtags trending at Sephora
and hashtag braids I think this is a
look that anyone would look good in
anyway I hope you guys enjoyed this
tutorial and I'll see in the next one
bye guys mwah
