hey everyone it's me Jen and I am a very
happy girl because it is my favorite
time of the year which is music festival
season and this year I am very excited
to announce that I'm heading out to
Coachella with the iconic jewelry brand
Pandora and before I head out to the
festival I thought I would show you
three very different looks that you can
rock while you're out there so let's go
ahead and get started
boho and Coachella are practically
synonymous with one another for this
bohemian look I kept the outfit pretty
minimal I went for a all black interior
with the black tank and some ruffled
shorts the Sun gets pretty brutal out in
the desert so I've added this peach
floral shawl it's gonna keep my skin
from burning too much and the material
is quite cool you all know that silver
is my absolute favorite
so I've layered the sparkling leaves
necklace with a poetic blooms necklace
for rings I've added these silver
feather ones on each hand for a
symmetrical vibe
this next look is for all you edgy
broads out there who are heading out i
spice things up with this sequin mini
dress and i know you're probably
thinking sequins for a festival yeah
that's totally right I think sparkles
are a great way to stand out and a dress
makes moving around so much easier
especially when you're going to the
restroom
moving on to jewelry I've stacked on
this black leather bracelet and I know
it looks like I've layered them on but
it's actually just one long bracelet
looped around
I've lured this gorgeous circle piece
for some glimmer and then I added this
long sparkling lace necklace to elongate
the torso I just love the way the silver
bounces off the black sparkles my last
look goes to the people that are going
straight to the Sahara Tent I really
really love the energy and the colors on
that stage so I've created an outfit to
reflect that here I have this
psychedelic two-piece and I feel like
the neon orange and the blue contrasts
perfectly together I've decided to add
some sweet turquoise studs just to play
off the blues of my outfit and I've
added the cosmic stars necklace just to
add some more sparkle I think the colors
on the pendant are just stunning
especially when the light hits
so those were some outfits to get you
inspired for any music festivals you
might be attending if you're heading out
to Coachella make sure you say hi to me
if you see me don't be shy I will also
be stopping by at the Pandora tent so
before I head out there I'll do a
snapchat so you'll know exactly when I'm
there and if you would like more
inspiration from Pandora feel free to
use and follow the hashtag festival
ready and that's it I hope you guys
enjoyed the video and I'll see you guys
next time bye
