all right now that we're all set up I'm
going to show you guys how I do a
natural but bold makeup look now I am
ready for my foundation I'm using the
number seven foundation and I'm just
going to dot this all over my face I'm
going to use my Beauty Blender to make
it really sing into my skin
I love the coverage in this and I think
it blends really well as always I'm
going to seal in our hard work with
pixies flawless finishing powder this is
going to set everything in place while
giving it a fresh soft matte finish now
it's time for brows but I'm just going
to quickly draw them in into my usual
shape because I just don't feel like
focusing on this area today since we're
doing a bold eye look I'm just going to
apply a turquoise base all over my lids
now I'm using the pixie eyeshadow
palette in aquamarine dream and I'm
going to Pat this turquoise shade all
over the area where we applied the
eyeliner next up I'm going to use Pixies
mineral contour palette and I'm going to
grab this brown shade and I'm going to
start using it to blend the blue into my
skintone a dense fluffy brush is a must
for this step once the brown has been
introduced I'm going to get a lighter
brown shade and then sweep it over the
edges to just smoke it out and make it
look a lot more natural now I'm going to
intensify the look by grabbing this
black shade and I'm going to gently
apply this where the two Browns meet
next up grab your favorite liquid liner
and just start drawing a cat eye before
I go into my next step I'm just gonna
pop on a little bit more blue eyeshadow
just to freshen up the bright blue so I
really want the blue to stand out now
we're finally ready for mascara I'm
using well peoples expressionist mascara
and this is a really great mascara that
really separates the lashes but as you
know I'm not blessed in the last
department so I've added some falsies to
help out with my cause moving on I'm
going to get started on contour using
Pixies book of beauty I'm using this
shade to really chisel the cheeks just
give my face a little slim down you know
the drill
next up I'm going to use the shimmer
a pink shade for my blush and I'm just
going to toss it on the apples of my
cheeks for a subtle highlight I'm using
the lightest shade of the book and I'm
just going to apply it to the highest
points of my cheeks and a little bit on
the nose now for the lips I'm using
Burt's Bees lipstick in the shade Niall
nude I thought that this would be a
great way to mute off the lips to let
the eyes really shine and that's it for
the makeup portion I thought I'd just
venture out and show a bold look that's
still really natural I think this is
great for any occasion where you just
want a little bit more love on the eyes
like a date or even a presentation I
hope you guys enjoyed this get ready
with me I thought that I would just kind
of switch things up and try something
bold but natural I would love to see any
of your makeup looks so feel free to
share your bold natural beauty look with
hashtag target style thank you so much
for watching and i'll see in the next
one bye guys what
