hey guys it's me Jen and for this video
I came DUP with Smashbox to create this
sultry spring look I think this is
spot-on for any occasion where you just
want to amp up the glam so let's go
ahead and get started I've already
applied my foundation and brows just to
speed things up you've seen me do this a
million times so I'm just going to jump
right into the eyes I'm taking Nyx's
sparkle leopard and I'm going to apply
it all over the lids to give a base for
the eyeshadow I'm about to put on as you
can see this is just like a creamy
sparkly brown next up I'm getting my
three concept eye palette and I'm going
to use the blush rose shade and apply it
all over the base now to smoke it out
I'm going to grab the dark coppery shade
and with a dense fluffy brush I'm going
to just apply it on the outer thirds of
my eyes and I'm just going to keep
blending and blending until everything
looks nice and smoked out to highlight
the inner corners of my eyes I'm going
to apply this shimmery champagne color
to the inner thirds of my eyes and this
is just going to brighten everything up
and I'm going to look more awake after
I'm going to apply the same shade onto
my brow bone next up I'm using
colourpop's overboard and I'm going to
use this to define the eyes a little bit
more as you can see I'm drawing a slight
cat eye to the outer corners and it's
okay if it's a little bit messy because
I'm going to come in with a little flat
brush to just smear the liner into a
wispy cat eye see now I'm just going to
tightline the bottoms of my eyes just to
give a more dramatic boost it's time for
mascara so give your lashes a good old
curl I'm going to use Maybelline's
colossal mascara and I'm just going to
coat it very generously over the tops
and bottoms of my lashes
now I'm going to move on over to the
lips I'm using Smashbox --is new be
legendary lipstick which comes in a teen
cream shades for this look I'm using
panorama pink I'm not using a liner this
time because it's super pigmented and it
just glides on with one swipe I'm just
being really careful with application
it's really moisturizing because of the
shea butter and it settles evenly
because of the vitamin C and E that's in
the formula you can stop right here if
you like the creamy look but if you want
a matte look you can apply there insta
Matt lipstick Transformer all you got to
do is squeeze a little bit out and
gently tap the product into your lips
and voila it's matte now you basically
doubled your lipstick collection and I
think matte lips are great cuz it just
lasts longer and the portable tube is
easy for on-the-go
I love these products because they
really complement each other kind of
like best friends but just BFFs for your
lips lastly for the face I'm just going
to quickly contour and chisel the cheeks
by applying elfs golden bronzer I'm
getting this fan shaped brush and I'm
going to make little circles to give my
face a nice slim down and I'm just going
to really focus on where the hollows of
my cheeks are for blush I'm just going
to concentrate on the pink section and
I'm going to brush it all over the
apples of my cheeks now I'm going to
grab the shimmer and sweep it across the
highest points of my cheeks and a little
bit on my nose for a nice glow now this
part isn't necessary but I'm just gonna
pop on some falsies for more of a
fluttery and sultry look these are our
gels 116 and I think they just enhance
the look and there we have it my
finished makeup look for the spring I
hope you guys enjoyed this look my best
friend stephanie is actually going to be
creating a look with these lipsticks too
so stay tuned for that anyway don't
forget to hit the like button if you
enjoyed the tutorial and I'll see you
next time bye
