every time you open your wardrobe you're
faced with an age-old question of what
do I wear sometimes even the biggest
closets don't have a solution instead
he's just left with the void and
desperate times inerts your inner
hoarder and open that bag of clothes you
just never donated even those weird
Seafood leggings that you would
literally never wear you searched and
you searched never quite satisfied until
that moment of realization hits you
sometimes the most amazing outfits are
in the most unexpected place like under
the kitchen sink for this tutorial jen
is going to demonstrate how to style a
bin liner or trash bag as you Americans
would call it for a clean simple look
opt for a white medium sized bin liner
let flat and cut a long hole at the
bottom this is where your hip will pop
out next cut holes at the sides as this
would be where your arms go and that's
it that's literally it
jen has styled the white bin liner into
a casual spring look the plastic sheen
gives it a designer feel and the morbid
print on the front instantly makes a hip
graphic tee she put a boat a hat on a
bonnet and slipped on some strappy
sliders for her finished look now that's
what I call an outfit now let's get
started on outfit two we're going for an
edgier look so we're working with a
large black bin liner for this one
let flat and this time cut an even
longer hole at the bottom you'll see
where we're going with this finish it
off by cutting your arm holes and you're
good to go this is Jen's knight outfit
there's an 80s vibe of this ensemble
because of the latex look and the
generous off the shoulder detail she
added more shape by buckling on this
gold belt and added a twist with his
massive bubble earrings she bought out
her sparkly platforms a personal
favorite if you feel uncomfortable a
dress simply tie the red straps and
Bob's your uncle you've got a romper
I actually really like this outfit she
looks great I hope you guys enjoyed my
April Fool's video I think this is the
first April Fool's prank I've ever
pulled ever so I hope you guys enjoyed
it I guess it's not really a prank I
just thought it was just a goofy video
to post I just wanted to show you that
it's beyond what like brand or designer
you're wearing it's about how you rock
something it's really all about
confidence I know that sounds so cheesy
but I genuinely believe that anyway be
very very aware today cuz you're
probably gonna get pranked or I don't
know I don't know if anyone even pulls
pranks anymore but yeah just be aware of
that um yeah if you guys have a great
day and I'll see you in the next one bye
Wow
