everyone it's me Jen and I this is the
earliest I've ever done a favorites
usually they're posted on the first week
of the following month but not this time
this is all coming out on the same month
so I'm feeling pretty proud about myself
I want to make this a habit so without
further ado let's get chatting about my
favorite items for my first favorite I
have a brow product it is colourpop's
brow pencil in the shade dope taupe and
bang in brunette and if you've been
watching my channel you know that my
brows have been through a crazy journey
they've been through a lot and I'm not
saying that my brows are perfect now but
I think I'm finally getting the hang of
them and I think it's because I'm really
choosing the correct colors for my brows
for the dopes taupe color I apply it on
the front of my brows to the mid brows
and if I'm you know feeling good I'll
just kind of fill in the general shape
of my brows and then with a darker color
like baingan brunette I'll use this to
really fill in the tails and I am very
very generous with the spoolie
I'm always brushing them to make sure
that they're blended evenly sometimes
they're not as blended as I'd like them
to be but whatever a new day a new brow
they're only five dollars so they're
super affordable very accessible to
everyone and I thought they deserved a
shout out because these brow pencils are
the bomb now I'm going to move on to a
hair product
this is Wen's anti frizz styling cream
in the scent sweet almond mint and I've
been using styling cream for years now
but this is the first time I'm ever
using the anti frizz formula now that my
hair is the lightest it's ever been it's
a lot more high maintenance and I really
should be doing more to take care of it
I'm still using a lot of heat and yeah
sorry Anna this is why I am taking some
steps and using some products to really
help with the ends when you have lighter
hair just frizz and just split ends all
are a lot more noticeable so that's why
this styling cream really does help so
what I do is after I cleanse my hair I
will get like a quarter size amount and
I will apply it on my mid to end shafts
and I'll just let it air dry my hair is
a lot more soft now and
are a little bit more tamed March is
definitely a movie month for me which is
why I have to film favorites the first
one is called room and this was
recommended to me by my best friend and
her boyfriend and I was so happy that I
watched it afterwards I kind of
understood why they wanted me to watch
it so badly so then we could talk about
it it's just one of those movies that
you just like think about even after a
week like it's very very haunting it's
about a woman and her son that are
trapped inside this room by the psycho
this woman has been in there for seven
years and she ends up having a kid in
there which is her son named Jack and
it's just crazy to see how Jack
perceives the world because it's all
he's ever known and I feel like it I
feel like it's really dark but the boy
is you know optimistic he's he's a kid
he doesn't know any better and I thought
the way he describes reality and how he
sees things very very fascinating and I
don't want to give too much away but
this movie is definitely on my top 10
ever it's haunting it's emotional it's
thrilling go watch it my next film
favorite is a movie that's actually in
theaters right now
it's called Zootopia and don't let that
name put you off because it is an
incredible film this is what family
films should be modeled after because
literally everybody and the family will
be entertained the kids the teens the
young adults the adults everybody I love
the theater just completely glowing
actually watched it with Karen on a
double date and we both loved it
Zootopia is a place where all animals
come together to just really thrive and
live together and so whether you're a
prey or you're a predator it doesn't
matter you just live in Zootopia and
peace however there are some stereotypes
still just like there are prejudices in
our world today there's a lot of
parallels between Zootopia and our world
so the main character is a bunny named
Judy and she's so cute but anyway she
wants to become a cop and she basically
does everything she can she goes to like
Klopp school she does all the training
and when she finally becomes a cop like
no one takes her seriously because most
of the cops are like predators or like
just bigger bulkier animal
like an ox or an elephant was there but
anyway you don't really see a bunny like
a small bunny become a cop so it just
follows her journey on how she just
completely defies the odds and how you
should never judge a book by its cover
and I thought it was cool I just thought
the theater just happy and smiling
because it was really hilarious - you
like that sloth scene like literally had
me dying it's so so good so yeah
definitely watch it in theaters while
you can I saw in 2d but if you're a
person that wants to watch it in 3d
there's that option - for my music
favorite I have Tam and Paula's currents
and this album came out in 2015 but I
just got around listening to it last
month so I'm a little late but it's all
good
I know Jessi is a big fan of this album
as well so it has his stamp of approval
one song that really really struck a
chord with me is called yes I'm changing
and I don't know where my headspace was
at but like literally when I started
listening to the lyrics and I was like
registering what he was saying I like
just started to tear up like it I don't
know I think the song is about a breakup
but for me it was like more like a
coming-of-age type of anthem because
it's about realizing that you're
changing but for the better and you're
just like welcoming people that are
along for the ride as well I don't know
I think the song is amazing and I've
been listening to it non-stop I'm gonna
link it in the description box so you
can listen to it - ah I sound so cheesy
but yeah it's been a really really long
time since a song is like made me so
emotional uh yeah please give it a
listen and let me know what you think my
last favorite is a piece of equipment is
a c-stand
and so if you are filming youtube videos
this is something you might want to
invest in it took me this long to buy it
but I'm so happy that I finally did
because it just like makes filming
options so much easier all you need to
do is buy some rolls of paper and you
have a new background because sometimes
like I don't want to film in this space
or like where I film over there usually
like I feel like I feel like my options
have just increased and I feel more
excited about filming I have
recently uses C stands to film my
sunglasses video I had so much fun
filming that because like just you have
like a nice crisp background and I just
felt a lot more creative if you haven't
seen my sunglasses video I'm gonna link
it here I worked very hard on that so if
you can give it some love that would be
amazing
I'm definitely gonna be using it a lot
more on the videos that are going to be
rolling out in April so stay tuned
anyway that is it for my favorites if
I'm going to be a little bit real with
you the past week has been pretty
difficult for me I sprained my knee
because I decided to sprint on a
treadmill without stretching so don't be
like me always stretch before you run or
else you'll pull something so I've just
been like out of commission for a week
and it's just been a lot of indoors time
and a lot of sitting so yeah I'm gonna
I'm just gonna work on resting up and
you know cold compress knee brace all
that stuff and just get better because I
really really want to film some styling
videos for you guys huh luckily I can
just sit down for a favourites video but
yeah that's where my head space has been
at if you'd like to share with me what
your favorites were over the past few
months or just any recommendations you
have feel free to leave it in the
comment section below I would love to
love to read about it especially book
recommendations currently I am not
reading anything and I do want to change
that so any book wrecks leave it down
below thank you so much for watching and
I'll see you guys next time bye
