Oh
hi guys happy Thursday
I am having lunch with my girl so-so aka
Sophia make a fashionista
8:04 we were at avec nous which is a
brand new French restaurant in Beverly
Hills actually came her for their soft
opening and I loved it so much that I
came here again for their brunch
we ordered a ton of stuff so I'm so
excited to show you what we're gonna eat
I hope these hydrangeas are
someone locked the door someone kill the
lights I this was the last time this was
the last time
the house with the most okay thank you
for having us
okay today is going to be the happiest
day ever because we're in Disneyland I'm
with Ben I've got Stephanie GERD and
I've got the maker team you're eating at
the edge of the Caribbean restaurant
yeah
so we just finished Indiana Jones how'd
you feel about it is amazing she knows
it's really funky then you combine
aphasia everything's gonna fall off
laughs very good now to the darkness
right we are now entering California
Adventure
last night I mean Ben came here soaring
over or so soaring across California is
closed that's heartbreaking
so we just finished so ever California
yes yeah we kind of beaten saw where we
lived
I know because they did a shot in
downtown LA
everyone it is present-day Jen here
popping in to wrap this video up I just
like to have a conclusion for my a
closer look videos I think it just ties
everything together anyway I just
finished editing this video I realized
that there's only two outfits in this
and I apologize but I mean what can you
do it's just gonna be a shorter video
there are more exciting videos that are
going to come up like my sunglasses
video that's going to be the next video
that's going to be uploaded and I
originally filmed it in February but I
felt like it was a little bit too early
to do like such a sun-centered video
when it was so early but now that March
is coming to an end I think it's gonna
align perfectly for the spring and
people can get more excited about seeing
the Sun and everything other news ooh I
am going to beautycon in Dallas I've
never been in Dallas before I am very
excited about that so if you are heading
on over there feel free to say hi to me
Stephanie and I are having our own
meetup there
I don't know that details fully but
it'll definitely be on that day anyway I
just wanted to thank you for watching
the video and I'll see you guys the next
one
