happy Valentine's Day you guys I just
finished doing the intro and that row
from my date outfit ideas so Ben and I
made it to an Ace Hotel in Palm Springs
and a room is just so beautiful
I've already had such a great morning we
had breakfast and Ben said he was just
going to the gym as I was like editing
the video and he came back and he
basically surprised me with this
gorgeous bouquet of flowers and check
out this awesome picnic set he got us
because we love going on picnics we love
doing stuff outdoors and we love food
obviously so he got us a bottle of our
favorite wine we love Ryoka
and he got us this amazing s'mores kit
how sick is that and then when you open
this basket
so inside there are utensils that are
perfect for picnicking and he knows how
much I like curly straws so he caught me
a bunch of them there's some wine
glasses as you can see and he knows that
I freaking love English baked beans you
guys honestly make the best beans ever I
feel like Americans they make their
baked beans way too sweet these are the
ones that you guys need
they're amazing and then lastly you got
me this gorgeous candle like look at the
exterior of that it looks like some sort
of artifact
I guess you ordered this online and look
how huge it is in comparison to my hand
but it is so sweet this is us at the
Chaz Dean party I think Jesse took this
photo and on the back he I guess he put
another photo here God he's such a
romantic Ben is already at the pool
right now getting his tan on and so I'm
just gonna pretty much I guess upload
the video and then join him at the pool
I'm so excited it's so lovely
all right video is now uploaded Ben and
I are at the pool getting to the Sun
enjoying a drink yeah got a Bloody Mary
good day it's very good day Valentine's
Day and I'm the luckiest man the water
the chillin by the pool having a cheeky
drink what else can you ask for
oh you do good starting a book what is
it adela tea highly recommended by
theirs on those lesser it's like a
hundred thousand books a yury before you
die so
must be good of his in the top a hundred
thousand hundred it's like the best way
ten showing jet have this nice setup to
feel like a princess home Joe five
there's tomatoes growing on this bush
yeah just like chop it up and put it in
the salad alright we're out here
watching our men play ping-pong table
tennis table tennis yeah that's the
difference
we don't know how to pronounce this name
it's obviously French right left
Valerius live Valerie there's gonna be
someone in the comment sections it will
tell us how to pronounce that oh sorry
this has been the best ever
okay this base is really cute as a
bonfire yeah I know
beautiful scenery is all outdoors
there's like a tree in the restaurant
you know there's like multiple trees in
the rest truck beautiful
good morning it is Monday I'm here with
my love bed Margo's and we are off to a
great start to the day
Joshua Tree Joshua trees my first time
I'm very excited to see weird rocks
where trees or some cacti get bad he's
gonna climb skull rock come on my eyes
gonna get back down like it's a pretty
high
good morning everyone
I am in San Francisco I'm back in the
bay and I can't describe to you how good
it feels to be back here it's been over
a year since I've came back so it's just
it's just awesome like when I landed and
was walking through the terminal like
there's so many memories and I was just
like filled with the stall jet it was
just like the greatest feeling in the
world so I'm so happy to be back I
didn't get any footage of like the plane
landing and you know the whole airport
process because my flight got delayed
three hours and I was just I was kind of
a grump and I just didn't feel like
filming it but yeah it doesn't matter
we're here now and it's all that matters
and yeah we are staying at the Clift I
am with my girl Stephanie
we've always been wanting to have like a
girls weekend trip for the longest time
and we thought it would be good to kind
of plan around Valentine's Day so this
is our version of a galentine's Day
weekend the room is gorgeous
as you can see Stephanie's in that room
right now it's just sleeping I've
already got my makeup ready and I'm
about to eat breakfast
splash lunch tada a salad yummy last
night we got Turk and I got her tutor
okay okay I'm alive now
at Westfield Mall I feel like I'm in
middle school again just like welcome
home yeah but yeah we're about to get a
bite to eat
yes we're about to go get something cuz
we really are a bit famished yeah I only
had that little salad and I haven't
eaten yet and yet a tooth on it was a
very rough moment the morning this
morning was a little bit crazy for
personally me you were up and I was like
oh that's you in one
Oh
so of course the place that Stephanie
recommends us to eat is a place that has
a line that is this long and we are here
this is our spot keeps going on
Simon open yet
morning everyone
the girls and I are at Jones and it is
such a beautiful day the grads are so
tropical horses you don't even need this
coat it's not necessary we are with them
yeah yeah waiting for you Jong in a
couple moments do we have over here some
chicken and waffles
lots of maple syrup all over just the
way I like it that's a levels rancheros
on you Jones here everyone I just
thought I would do the final clip for
this video I hope you guys enjoyed I
didn't really mention this when I was in
San Francisco but on the last day I got
a crazy case of food poisoning I think I
went through an entire bottle of
pepto-bismol max so my stomach wasn't
feeling the best but I still had an
amazing time in San Francisco it was
just so great to just hang out with the
girls you know with Steph and Emily and
you John it was awesome
me and Stephanie are trying to make this
San Francisco trip thing maybe like a
seasonal thing so every season we'll go
back to Cisco and just reconnect such a
great city I really forgot how awesome
it was it's been like a year since the
last time I went so it was great to go
back again I just want to thank you guys
for watching and if you enjoyed the vlog
hit the like button and yeah the next
video will not be a vlog it will be
something else so I'll see you in that
one this outfit is in the next video you
got to see so yeah I hope you guys
enjoyed and I'll talk to you guys later
bye guys
