good morning New York I am out here for
Fashion Week I'm only staying here for a
couple of days because Ben and I have to
make it back to California on time for
Valentine's Day weekend I'm only going
to be here for a couple of shows I'm
going to a Sherri Hill fitting today for
her show tomorrow and that's pretty much
the highlight of the week we are staying
at the Hudson hotel I will give you a
room tour once it's nice and spruced up
got a lot of stuff packed an itinerary
for today and you are coming along you
guys I've had this pair of heatTech
socks for at least two years now
and I can finally open them because the
temperature is right okay maybe not two
years maybe like a year
hey guys just checking in i finished my
fitting at Sherri Hill it went awesome I
picked out this beautiful black
embellished dress and I'm so excited to
wear it it's got beading on the front
and then it is like a bandage dress it's
killer I can't wear it tomorrow to the
show and right now we're heading out to
Soho to get a scarf for Ben because he
didn't bring one where he called it was
used to it something I'll be fine now so
you're just gonna step into you a couple
stores and Soho and do a little shop
so the shopping trip went well Ben did
get a spark on the end but now we are
actually a Thai restaurant or about to
have dinner before the show tonight it's
like a measuring tape and freaking hold
anything to add
we have got my Sephora with a partisan
fashion show so I'm not used to this
kind of thing so I'm just going to sit
there and level it's going to get very
happy with finally war
you
we're at the skylight right now and it's
freezing I'm wearing this really nice
fuzzy thing that is shedding all over
Ben's coat unfortunately
oh yeah we're waiting for my friend
Charlotte to get here so we can head on
over to the content for your show all
right so here is the tour of the room
we've got our stuff here
luggage chair a bit dark and then you
come inside the room and everything is
nice and wooden got a nice bed here and
a gorgeous little view of the city so
moving back got a television here
minibar Rock so there's nothing in here
it's just a fridge with leftovers from
breakfast and here is I guess the common
area I've got some beautiful white
chairs and we've got a balcony but they
won't let us open it so I guess we could
just admire it from inside here's the
nice desk area where you can get some
work done and a second television hey
guys he's here so we are walking to
Central Park now we just realized how
close it is to no it's literally one
block I think you know it's very very
cold but I think we're going to track it
and do the walk walk yeah just so you
know a little laundry around look guys
we're approaching our first batch of
snow
John's been very excited about finding
snow
and we found some beautiful snow check
that out I'm doing just a little update
because a lot has happened but and I
just did a shoot with my friend Ricky at
the Hudson I'll show you those photos
later but now we are heading on over to
the Sherri Hill show I'm so excited
I've been wearing one of her dresses
right now I will show you the full
outfit in a later clip so yeah we're
gonna rush out the door and then we're
gonna see the show so excited
I'm back in LA but I just wanted to
quickly just wrap up this video I wanted
to thank sherry Hill for sending us out
to New York Fashion Week we had such an
unbelievable time and thank you for
watching and I'll see you next time
bye guys
