everyone happy Valentine's Day today's
video is going to be about outfits you
can wear on dates and yes this video was
supposed to be out before a Valentine's
Day but honestly this week was crazy so
it's just going to come out on the day
of love so let's get on to the looks
florals aren't just reserved for your
girly girl you can be a tough bouquet of
flowers too by putting the print on an
edgy moto jacket and I love the matching
shorts it comes with two you just have
an instant outfit and I'm wearing my
favorite thigh high socks and black
boots combo for the bottom if I'm going
on a date where there's gonna be bomb
food I want to have an outfit that's
gonna work around my food baby a big
comfy sweater and a stretchy skirt is
the best way to eat comfortably and look
chic I'm not usually a huge fan of pink
but when it comes in a dusty blush color
I'm all in this trench is a really great
way to add a touch of class to any old
outfit underneath I'm channeling my
Audrey Hepburn with an oversized white
button-down and some black skinnies my
last outfit is a look I'd Rock on a date
during the day I got a hat to shield me
from the Sun and then I have this muted
black turtleneck that brings all the
attention on to this amazing gradient
skirt
I think this pairing looks so sick
because it fades from dark to light
I hope you guys enjoyed the looks and if
you're confused by my environment don't
be because I am at the Ace Hotel in Palm
Springs I'm out here for Valentine's Day
weekend with Ben and also Sophia and
Silas so we're just having a really
great time here
we're both vlogging so those videos will
be out soon if you guys would like to
let me know what you're doing for
Valentine's Day I would love to know
just feel free to write it in the
comment section and yeah it'd be cool to
know what you're up to anyway I hope you
guys are having an amazing day and I'll
see you the next one bye guys
