my first look is this furry ensemble and
I styled my entire outfit around this
faux fur a leopard coat from the couples
and I love the fact that this print can
bring in edgy fields even the preppy a
stiff tops my next outfit is probably
the most winter friendly out of all of
them a loose turtleneck is amazing for
the winter because you can layer with
thermals underneath and it won't add
much bulk I threw on one of my favorite
coats from Zara and I love the fact that
it has not one but two pockets I'm
wearing thigh high boots because it's
another protective layer from any
freezing winds and if heels aren't your
thing
wear ones that are flat I filmed this
look while exploring Camden and my
leather jacket from All Saints did a
damn good job on keeping me nice and
toasty even though I was only wearing a
t-shirt underneath
all black doesn't have to be all boring
I like to mix it up by having different
textures for each piece when I'm wearing
one solid color as you can see all the
black pieces are different materials and
blower my outfit goes the shinier it
seems to get
my last outfit goes to the people that
experience mild winters like LA and this
statement coat is such a conversational
piece with all these buttons and whatnot
which is why it's the perfect item to
wear for any special event that's a wrap
on the first look book of the year and
if you live in a place that's a lot
colder than I am feel free to add some
extra winter accessories like a beanie a
scarf thermal leggings do what you got
to do to stress for environment and I
thought I would mention that I filmed
four of these outfits in London so that
explains why I repeated some of the key
items like the distressed jeans to the
black boots I was just a little bit
limited in that area because I could
only film what I packed and so I just
thought I would mention that in case
you're wondering why I was reusing some
of the items if you enjoyed this video
please hit like button comment down
below which outfit was your favorite one
and thank you for watching I'll see you
the next one bye guys
