Bonjour Madame e je m'appelle Jen and
today's video is all about selling the
beret I've been rocking them since high
school but I feel like they're making a
serious comeback with this season so I
thought it'd be the perfect time to do a
video selling them so let's get started
the first beret I'm gonna feature is
none other than my coupons beret it's by
far my fanciest one because of its
structure and it just instantly creates
an air of class to any look I'm wearing
a rock-and-roll leopard sweater that's
super soft and then went for some ragged
black denim jeans that streamlines
perfectly with some black boots my
second outfit features my sienna beret
which was a gift from Stephanie I paired
it with a black and white color scheme
so that way the brown can really pop and
I love wearing loose comfy sweaters over
stretchy body con skirts because it's
just a really great way to hide a food
baby and still stay comfortable my next
beret is a quirky one with pearls sewn
in all over the top this one was a gift
from my girl M and I think it's the
perfect topper to give any outfit some
sass I'm wearing a black crop top with
my favorite mom jeans from H&M and I
just threw on a lightweight trench to
smooth everything over
I'm wearing the couple's brewery again
because it's just that good
and I love this outfit because it makes
me feel like a superhero in fact if I
had to choose a superhero outfit this is
probably the one
my last beret is another unexpected one
this one was a gift for my friend Jolin
and since it has rainbow jewels all over
it I balanced it out with a classic
cream turtleneck and some black skinnies
I love this look because you can truly
wear it anywhere alright guys that's a
wrap on the outfits and to be fair you
can really pop a beret on any outfit
chances are it's going to work help if
you enjoyed this video please hit the
like button and if there is a trend or
an article of clothing that you're
struggling to style leave a comment down
below and I might do a video about it I
am using a ring light for today's
speaking portion I actually filmed the
intro and outro earlier today but the
mic wasn't plugged in properly so I had
a refill mint because I wanted to get
this video out tonight anyway hope you
enjoyed the video and I'll see you next
time hi guys
