so today is very exciting because I'm at
my very first baby shower one of my
really good friends Rebecca is pregnant
with a baby boy
and his name is Levi and he should be
arriving in the world on December
there's decorations everywhere the theme
is forest so everything has a forest
theme to it there are little bits of
bark and just little woodland creatures
everywhere and they just did an amazing
job it's nice to see a bunch of my old
friends again and it's just a really
great time to just get together and
celebrate the first friends of mine that
got married about Rebecca makes you want
to have a child yeah be a really good
dad I like changing my crappy day
Johnny's really gonna hook up soon
I met a B right like a storybook you
would have like 80 different voices for
we are going ramen today we're in Little
Tokyo it's Ben's first time out here
isn't suppose I'm being hit what do you
think of it so far we've seen a couple
of brick walls in the parking lot so it
seems lovely so far though we're very
hungry and I love Japanese food so I'm
excited yeah we're gonna go to
Shinsengumi it's my first time actually
eating here it was highly recommended by
Anna and Jesse so we'll see how it goes
or they wasn't recommended I just see
that they go here a lot so we're gonna
go eat there look you guys I'm so
excited for the Wizarding World of Harry
Potter
it comes out in spring so what was your
view orion's that we've written so far
that's just the mummy we just did
terrifying
yeah don't remember it being that scary
I mean that's just about all right
like spring water and every single ride
ya know it's been shot
laughs now we got only studio tool set
Happy Thanksgiving
I'm here with fam he is driving we are
heading on over to my parents house and
we are so excited I'm very hungry
we made a shepherd's pie it's a little
bit of England for in households it's a
big guy that's a good fusion today we
got some Korean food we got some okay
eat some turkey stuffing and we've got
some shepherd's pie so I love the fusion
do you check out the sunset I love it
when it does this hi guys so today Ben
and I are at a park or at the Kenneth
pond recreation area they're definitely
not watering the plants the drought is
very real although there is a nice
Pleasant stream and two lakes so I guess
that's where all the water is going Ben
and I packed some sandwiches and now
we're just gonna have a nice little read
I'm wearing my super comfy clothes I'm
wearing my hels belles sweater and some
nice little leggings and I'm just just
in ultimate comfort right now I feel
very happy Ben just popped in to go to
the restroom oh yeah I know she should
be back pretty soon there's my boy as
you can see the park is quite brown Hey
how is the restroom it's nice there was
a family with two Labradors two
chihuahuas and a little pudgy bird
literally the kid was holding a bird as
a parrot
yeah there's a pair the my mom the
shouting say don't go in fire
salmon how's that one
