hey guys it's me Jen and today's video
is gonna be a little bit different
I've been sponsored by Derry to share
with you some of my goals for next year
so it's kind of like a bucket list and
the reason why this is very different
for me is because I've never been the
type of person to verbally stay or even
write any of my goals so any milestones
I achieve I like forget about or I just
kind of brush them off but I don't want
that to be the case anymore so I'm
really happy to share with you some of
my goals for next year the first thing
on my bucket list is to go underwater
and I've had this phobia for a really
long time I've never been able to really
fully submerge my head underwater and
I'm not sure why
obviously I take showers and baths but
if I take a bath I make sure to not just
like put my head under water I'll just
like kind of like wet my hair and just
do everything around it but honestly
like the thought of cannonballing into a
pool it just freaks me out I'm not sure
why maybe I'm like scared of having
water stuck in my ears and it never
coming out but that doesn't make sense
either it's just strange I've just
passed up a lot of great water related
activities like snorkeling jet skiing
basically anything that has to do with
water I just avoid and I don't want that
to be the case I hate that this is
holding me back and I don't want to live
like this anymore I just don't like
having this fear on the back of my mind
and it's something that I want to
completely abolish by 2016 I'm gonna be
honest and admit that I've only done
charity work a handful of times and
there were just a lot more opportunities
when I was going to school there was
just flyers people that were
volunteering and just constant awareness
and ever since I graduated I've been
able to live in this weird bubble where
just nothing happens and it's just been
easy to brush off anything that's
happening within the community and I
don't like living like that
it just feels I know just ignoring the
problem isn't gonna fix it so I would
love to somehow be more involved with
everything whether it's volunteering a
soup kitchen making care packages or
even teaming up with a charity to bring
awareness about something or raise money
I don't know if you know of any la
volunteer work I would love for you to
say in the comments down below
because I want to get involved somehow
over the past few years I've had
issue with always outgrowing my place
let's rewind back to Davis you don't
want to see the blood on my closet it's
just crazy because it's just clothes
though fit on my closet anymore I'm
planning to sell or I don't know
reevaluate I lay in one closet and that
was completely packed like it was so
hard for me to find any more room for
new clothing and my roommates actually
let me use the communal coat closet as
storage for my own clothes so that was
very nice of them and then once I
graduated I moved to Oakland and I had
two or three closets there and I thought
that would solve the issue I was like
okay like this is gonna be perfect I'm
gonna have all my things in order and be
a lot more organized but no all my
closets were just round by the end of
the year and once again I had the
problem of finding room for new things
and now here I am in LA with even more
closets and somehow they're all filled
up it's just a problem with hoarding
clothing I need to be able to just let
go and that's why 2016 I would love to
downsize and be a little bit more
minimal with my wardrobe and so my goal
for 2016 is to completely clear out a
closet and give everything that I take
out to a charity I think I'd feel a lot
more happier that way and it'd be more
organized and then I'd be able to film a
closet tour for you finally when I was
younger the idea of dancing always gave
me serious anxiety I hated it because I
just didn't know what to do with my
limbs and so that's why I avoided school
dances at all costs I mean to be fair I
did go to my homecoming dance when I was
a sophomore and that was pretty horrific
um just freaking freaked me out and I'll
just leave it at that and then I went to
my senior prom because it was the last
dance ever so I just felt like going or
else you know
FOMO and I didn't dance there at all me
and my date just sat outside and talked
and laughed and it was fun but no
dancing and now that I'm an adult
dancing became a lot more easy because
you know throwing some liquid courage in
a dark room and music it'sit's no big
deal Dancing's fun but I mean I don't
really have any like special moves
so to fix that I would love to go to an
actual dance class and learn some cool
moves and I'm not gonna you know be
doing choreography at the club or
anything but some special unique moves
would be cool to add both of my parents
have worked so hard to support my
brother and I growing up and I mean I
honestly couldn't imagine immigrating to
a completely new country and learning
the language and starting a new life
there but I'm so happy that they did and
they chose the States and despite their
full-time jobs my parents would always
come home and my mom would cook a
delicious meal for my brother and I and
I really did that for granted in college
I learned from one of my humanities
class how important it was for a parent
to cook a home-cooked meal for their kid
and I think it really made an impact on
Who I am as a person and to this day I
still have never cooked them a meal
which i think is very bizarre that's why
I am going to cook my family a
three-course meal I'm going to film and
document it and upload it on YouTube so
you guys can watch it I'm really happy I
got to share with you some of my goals
for 2016 and I'm gonna keep track of all
of them on my dairy account which is
kind of like a personal digital diary
I'll be writing about other things as
well and yeah if you'd like to follow me
down there you can it's gonna be linked
down below and if you want to share with
me any of the goals that you have for
next year I would love to read about
them in the comment section down below
and thank you so much for watching I'll
see you the next one bye guys
