everyone it's a girl Jen and now that
the weather is getting colder and we're
spending a lot more time indoors I
thought I'd do a video explaining some
things like to do to relax and pamper
myself so let's start with the first
activity a really great way to unwind
and get creative is to paint your nails
at home so for today's manicure I'm
going to use as these new winter
collection you've got two shades of your
classic holiday reds another two shades
for the perfect pastels and of course
your much-needed metallics but I'm just
gonna use these dew polishes that I
think call the met each other
I've already shaped my nails and applied
a base coat then I'm gonna use virgin
snow which is a chilly periwinkle blue
and I'm just gonna carefully apply my
first layer and when I heat my nails I
always try my best to make the base of
the nail like where the nail starts as
even and as straight as possible and I
think once I accomplished that my
manicure always looks really nice and
crisp
once you've finished painting the first
layer on both hands you're just gonna
apply the second layer usually I like to
paint my nails with at least two coats
because the layer is just thicker and
the colors come out more pigmented now
using this platinum shade which is
called a press sheet I'm gonna paint the
tip of my index finger as just the
little accent and then I'm gonna go
straight to the ring finger and I'm
gonna paint the tip on there as well for
my last little design I'm gonna go to
the pinky and draw in a little Halfmoon
to just kind of throw things off for the
right hand I'm gonna do the accent nails
on the index and ring finger and I'm
just gonna skip the pinky because doing
designs my left hand is just too hard
ivenn this is fine and lastly to seal
everything in I'm gonna go in with a
topcoat and I especially love this gel
setter one because of how shiny it makes
my nails look and it really prevents any
chips from happening too soon so this is
the finished look I think it's a really
subtle but i catching design that's
really simple and easy to do skin care
is a huge priority of mine and on my
days off I love applying a face mask all
you're gonna need is a cucumber and a
sharp knife or I'm gonna use a slicer
because all my knives are
dull so I'm just gonna slice the
cucumber's into thin pieces and I'm just
going to apply it on the face and I'm
going to leave it on for 15 minutes and
after your skin is just gonna feel
bouncy and look brighter now that my
nails and face are in check I'm just
gonna pamper myself on the inside by
making a tea I'm drinking some afternoon
tea because the caffeine releases slower
and I can always use a pep in my step
I'm using this cute mug that I got from
a subscriber from Tokyo so thank you
very much and I actually prefer using
small mugs when drinking tea cuz if I
use a huge mug tea takes forever to cool
down so I'd rather just pour a small
amount and then just keep refilling as
needed the cherry on top to a day of
pampering is to light a candle I got
this candle for my friend Sophia as a
birthday gift and I love how huge it is
it really fills the entire room
including the bathrooms even it's that
intense and I just love the way it
smells and now that my house smells
really good
I just love to chill out by watching
Netflix and Hulu and if I don't feel
like watching anything I love to just
sit down and read a book and here's a
stack of a few of my favorite ones I
hope this video gave you a reminder to
spend some time on yourself this week I
know a good pampering session goes a
long way because you're just a lot more
calm and you've given yourself time to
recharge and if you'd like to open the
description box the links for SES at
winter collection will be down below and
please comment down below what you like
to do to pamper yourself I would
personally love to read about that I'm
always open for new suggestions and yeah
thank you so much for watching and I'll
see you in the next one bye what
