hello everyone okay so I have been on a
bad start vlogging I came here maybe two
days ago and today is the day I started
vlogging because we're actually doing
something interesting today Ben and I
are hosting a pizza party in
Buckinghamshire Buckinghamshire so it's
gonna be really awesome Ben's friend Sam
just started his own pizza company
called
Pizza pigs and so he's bringing the
truck over and we're gonna test drive
his pizzas so I'm freaking excited even
though Ben and I just had like a huge
chili but I think by the time the pizzas
already
my stomach is gonna be ready well you
pretty much laid out the backyard or Ben
did been pretty much moved everything
and so we've kind of strategized all the
tables so they're in place and Ben look
at him he's working so hard he's already
you know wiping gallon caches even mowed
the lawn or I kind of helped to jumped
on and a little scared good
sunshine yesterday out in the garden and
is R in England today is umbrella
weather of course
wha-wha-wha well it's really raining
night from the car at least is not like
sizzling all right yeah it's not raining
in the car oh that's a great view of us
so as we said we're going to a breakfast
place in Marlow there's a chef he's like
a family friend it's named Tom
ketteridge Annie Sarah very successful
out is awesome and he's opening a new
restaurant and apparently breakfast is
just divine so why not spend a rainy day
hi guys we are at beckons field where a
model village little buildings I think
you have seen in hot father yeah Hot
Fuzz is one of my favorite movies and
this is you know for us it's good
especially for
Bibles happening here I'm getting really
into this
I've always liked very miniature things
ever since I was a kid I used to pretend
that I was just as small as all these
things I pretend I'd be part of the
community for the trailmen yeah but tell
me what's the kid so we just finished
the model village what did you think of
it then I loved it I mean I've been
there before I went there well as a kid
so I had a different experience this
stuff is great you enjoyed it I enjoyed
it very much I want to be what part of
the people that build a little model of
it and it's kind of quite fun and I
think we were doing a kind of good job
though that badge one of the photos with
like standing on the house walking into
the stair that funds I think we're
actually more mature than actual kids no
one told us are yeah
hi guys today is a really incredible
Thursday I am at a revolver vent they're
doing a stamp to cancer event and its
really awesome basically everything that
I'm wearing it's farther stamped to
cancer at collections so 30 percent of
the proceeds goes to the foundations
that's really exciting I'm doing a
runway show with a bunch of amazing
people and I probably the shortest
person there but I'm gonna still strut
my stuff
I don't know and have fun
so I am about to head into the Phuket Oh
event in Little Tokyo
I'm with Italy and Jessie I don't know
what to expect
I bought one mug from Phuket oh so maybe
I'll get another mug today all right
just do a little update so far the event
is awesome they've got coffee trucks and
got ice cream shops and it's actually
the ice cream that I bought in Portland
there's like I think it's called salt
and strong I'm not sure but they're
known for the ice cream Jeff do unique
flavors or molest me what they had goat
cheese not one but the thing is the
option is there
