hi guys it's me Jen and welcome back
october is officially over so that means
it's time for a fresh new episode of
favorites i'm gonna go over my favorite
things of last month so let's start with
the first item one pair of shoes that
I've been rocking non-stop have been
these beautiful matching boots from Zara
and I actually have to thank my friend
Emily for inspiring me to get these
boots so thank you very much em I wear
these non-stop and I really really fell
in love with these when I pack them on
my trip to London in October I maybe
packed around 3 or 4 pairs of shoes and
to be honest I mostly wore these boots
because they're so comfortable and they
match with everything because they're
patent they go with formal things but
since it's just like a regular black
boot you can really wear it with casual
things as well it's like a shapeshifter
and I think the best part about the boot
is probably the heel check that out it's
just this really cool gradient effect
and I feel like that's what sets it
apart from other black boots I've never
really used any Mac products other than
their lipsticks because when I was 15 I
started my MAC lipstick collection
because I really liked the packaging and
I liked the pigmentation and the quality
and everything but other than the
lipsticks I never really tried any of
their other products but in October I
fell in love with their prep and prime
at a fixed plus and I know that this has
a cult following and I just wanted to
see what the hoopla was about so I
decided to try it and I'm definitely
converted this thing is amazing and they
don't use this to prep my skin I only
use it as a finishing spray so after I
complete my makeup I'll just spray maybe
three or four sprays of this on my face
and it just really melts my foundation
into my face in a really beautiful way I
also like to use this on my eyeshadow
sometimes if I want more of a colorful
look basically I'll get my eyeshadow
brush I'll spray it once and then I'll
make any eyeshadow super-rich and
pigmented and I love that about it
technically you could just use water but
I mean I have the spray so I use this
and it's been
zone by now you all know that I love
fiction novels but last month I read a
nonfiction book it was hashtag girlboss
by Sophia Amoruso and for those who
don't know she is she's the founder and
CEO of Nasty Gal which is one of my
favorite retailers just if you don't
know what nasty Elle is you have to
check them out because you're probably
gonna fall in love with everything there
and this book is just filled with
stories and tips on how to be your own
girl boss she basically started this
amazing successful company on her own
and it just tells you how she did that
and just lessons that she's learned
along the way I felt like I related a
lot to this book especially because she
started Nasty Gal
as a one-woman show and that's pretty
much what my channel is like it's it's
just me but it gives me like the comfort
knowing that if I just have the drive
and passion like I can be one day just
as successful as her I finished this
book in one sitting on the plane and I
just like sat down on my chair and I
just felt like I could do anything so a
very motivating read and I actually had
the opportunity to interview her that
was crazy it's on refinery29 and so if
you want to see the interview you can
click here and honestly the night before
I was so so nervous especially because
I've been like a huge fan of Nasty Gal
like since the e-bay days so getting to
meet her was just so surreal but she's
super nice very friendly down-to-earth
you could just you just know that she
worked her butt off to get to where she
is today for my music favorite I have
disclosures new album called careful and
one of you guys recommended me
specifically to listen to the song
magnets featuring Lord and Oh God that
song is just so good it's been my jam
all last month it's just it just gets me
in the mood to do stuff you know
especially when I'm working out just
gets me in the zone and I've always been
a huge fan of disclosure so I'm so
stoked on the new album there's a ton of
bangers on there so definitely listen to
it the whole albums on Spotify so go
check it out if you like electronic
dance music my last and most random
favorite is the Sharpie pen and I had my
doubts on including this but what the
hell I am passionate about my writing
utensils so I
I would just stuff it in my favorites
and I'm very particular with what I
write with because I need my pen to be
very inky but it can't bleed and just
like get all messy so the Sharpie pen
just fixes that because it comes out
very juicy and very bold but it doesn't
bleed onto the other side of the paper
and it dries really fast also it has no
odor because a lot of sharpies and like
permanent markers they have that smell
that's smelly smell but yeah I'm not a
huge fan of that someone because it just
gets me lightheaded but this one has no
odor so that's a plus this is definitely
something I would have used in high
school and college or any time I had to
use a pen but now I just use it to just
plan out my day or if I have any
reminders I can just kind of quickly use
this pen and it's great for filling out
documents alrighty folks those were all
on my October favorites and the Sun has
decided to hide behind a cloud so the
lighting is weird damn it anyway I hope
you guys enjoyed this video despite the
weird and uncomfortable lighting that's
probably bothering me more than you but
yeah if you have any favorites that you
enjoyed last month please comment down
below I would love to read about them
and I hope you have a great day
thank you for watching bye
