for my first look I decided to show you
my go-to fall outfit I'm wearing a
cream-colored chunky knit turtleneck
which i think is a fall necessity and i
paired it with a Platts court and then
chucked on this amazing army green parka
to give it that utilitarian vibe next up
is a very sweet autumn look I'm styling
another knit turtleneck but this one is
slightly cropped making it an ideal item
to wear with high-waisted clothing even
though the print is a bit springy I made
it more fall friendly by wearing these
black thigh high boots
holy crap guys we've got another Tomac
in the house but this one is different
because it's actually a onesie I wanted
to make this turtleneck less Steve Jobs
and more fashion-forward by wearing my
embellished denim jeans this next outfit
is for those folks that are still in
that summer mindset you can have an
endless summer with your wardrobe by
just kind of tweaking the color palette
I think pastels look best styled with
other pastels so this top and denim
combo are a match made in heaven
my last outfit is the warmest look out
of all of them but I swear there's
always gonna be that people in the
comment section who are gonna be like
you wouldn't survive a day where I live
in that outfit and you know what you're
probably right but hey at least I tried
all right so those were five of my
sweater weather outfits I just wanted to
find a way to put more fall fashion into
my channel so I just kind of what has
this idea I know some of the outfits
weren't technically sweaters but
whatever they're long sleeves and
they're good for the fall or at least LA
fall I mean it's still freaking hot here
but I try to do what I could if you
enjoyed this video please like it and
subscribe to my channel and yeah I hope
you guys have a great Halloween I'm
sorry but there's not going to be any
like Halloween outfits or makeup
tutorials I think I might do like get
ready with me on Halloween because I
have to go to a Halloween party tomorrow
and that's Thursday so that's the day
that you guys will be watching this so I
might be filming something then so there
will be maybe one Halloween video but
it's not going to be anything like a
tutorial or anything I hope you guys
have an incredible rest of your day and
I'll see you the next video bye
