I've been in a long-distance
relationship for over a year now and the
best way I can describe it is a constant
countdown I'm either counting down the
days until I can see him again or I'm
savoring how much time we have left
together
it's a strange balance of anticipation
and anxiety and honestly it can kinda
mess with my head if I focus on it too
much but I always like to think of the
bigger picture being patient is probably
the number one rule when you're in an
LDR
the worst feeling by far is not knowing
when you're going to see each other
again but once you lock in a date and
book a flight that's when the timer
begins no matter what's happening
they're always in the back of your mind
and especially if it's something amazing
because you just wish that they were
there to experience it with you - well
what keeps me going is knowing that
every day our a minute that passes
you're that much closer to seeing them
you're going to have moments of
loneliness when you're in an LDR when
you've had a terrible day or you're
feeling down not being able to hug him
or even hold his hand is tough but there
are other ways to show that you're there
for them whether it's text voice memos
Skype or even flowers you communicate
and stay into it in different and
innovative ways and it proves that your
relationship is beyond something
physical it's anything but shallow when
you're in an LDR
it forces you to be independent in your
relationship now having a boyfriend live
nearby gives you no option but to do
things on your own you have extra time
to work on your job your interests or
passions you can spend quality time with
your friends and family and just develop
strong relationships with them you'll
never be one of those people that just
disappear when they get in a
relationship when you're in an old yard
you learn how to rely on yourself you
start to have a love and hate
relationship with the airport
and getting ready to see him still gives
me butterflies it's crazy once you're
there you literally can't wait to take
off the ground seeing them on the other
side is probably one of the best
feelings in the world it feels like you
just saved all your tokens and you're
finally cashing them all in you just
appreciate every moment when you're with
them because it's something that you've
been patiently waiting for even little
things like getting stuck in traffic or
making breakfast they're all adventures
now I didn't plan to be in a
long-distance relationship but love
finds you in unexpected places
