hi then hi hi okay so we're in front of
the Hollywood Forever Cemetery
and we're about to watch psychos never
seen it I've seen it many years ago
hello is Sunday afternoon I'm having a
barbecue at my bread blade this place
hello
he's about to put some chicken and some
steak on the grill so it should be very
delicious we saw has got the peppers on
lock me and fan we made a another pasta
dish we made a pesto chicken dish with
zucchini and roughly it is really good
now we're just waiting for Emily she's
bringing the vegetables today is the
temporary teenth we are celebrating my
birthday today my real birthday is on
22nd but we just thought we would
celebrate this Friday because it's very
convenient for people to come on over so
I rented up the rooftop of my place and
we're just I don't know we're just
setting up Lisa and Emily are here to
help me decorate and I'm so happy
they're here and I am so excited to have
everyone over it's gonna be interesting
to see a bunch of my different friends
in the same room so I know everyone's
gonna get along though I know everyone
is gonna be cool and vibin and it's just
gonna be a good time the party has begun
the pizza's here from two boots and
we've got drinks flowing
so I'm going to go out here enjoying the
sunset hey Stephanie so she's here
Graham's here it's right okay I've got
Lisa I'm late it's about red from New
York we flew in from New York just for
my birthday
my brother again eating the princess
hello fabulous strawberry flavor mmm
thank you
yeah
hey guys I just wanted to pop in and
apologize for the lack of outfits on
this month's outfit Diaries usually I
have around 6 to 7 and I know I only had
a few this time and I'm really sorry I
just wasn't really in the frame of mine
last month to whip out my camera and
document everything just some months are
more overwhelming than others and I'm
sorry about that but I have a ton of
footage from London from my last trip
and I'm going to Vietnam tomorrow so
there's gonna be a lot of content coming
up but I will have a question do you
think I should use all these clips and
put them into October Alfa Diaries or
should I just put them in separate vlogs
like a genin goes to London again vlog
and then a Jen goes to Vietnam vlog like
I don't even know or should I just put
them all in the October outfit Diaries
what do you guys think also for those
who don't know I do a show with refining
29 and it's released every Monday on
their channel so if you want to watch
the most recent episode it's me creating
a scary Bloody Mary and it's not too
spooky so don't worry if you want to
watch you can click right here and enjoy
it and yeah I think that's pretty much
it if you are wondering why my voice is
raspy today it's because I am recovering
from a cold and my throat is the last to
kind of get it together
so I hope it's better by I don't know
the next few days because I just feel I
just feel kind of like dry all the time
here so I don't know I just didn't want
to alarm you if you guys noticed
anything anyway that's it and I hope you
are chugging along your day greatly and
thank you so much for watching and I'll
see you next video bye
