happy fall everyone today I'll be
showing you this beautiful autumn
inspired look it's fluttery and perfect
for any fall festivities you'll be
attending so let's get into it starting
off with the clean and moisturize face
I'm going to go in with my Smashbox BB
water in the shade light neutral there's
8 shades available so it's going to be a
breeze to find one that matches your
skin tone I'm going to skip primer
because this already acts as one so I'm
just gonna dot the product all around my
face and then blend it out this has
sheered to medium coverage so you can
build up or down depending on your needs
and since my skin has been behaving I'm
just gonna go in for one layer and now
I'm left with a beautiful Demi matte
natural finish next up I'm going to
cover my under-eye circles with my
concealer and then I'm just gonna blend
that bad boy out then I'm using my
favorite face powder and I'm just going
to Pat it all across my face to seal
everything in I'm gonna go ahead and
skip brows just save time and I'm just
gonna Chuck along to the eye makeup as
usual I'm gonna go in with a jumbo eye
pencil before I do any shadows I'm
applying this into the inner corners of
my eyes to just brighten it all up and
then I'm going to bust out my Smashbox
full exposure palette and I'm just going
to layer this creamy champagne color and
apply it to the inner corners of my eyes
where we applied the jumbo eye pencil
using another eye pencil in this Mavi
rust color I'm going to apply that
sucker all over the lid and don't worry
if it looks a little messy because we're
just gonna blend that baby
all out now I'm going back to the
palette and I'm going to grab this
metallic taupe shade and pop that on top
of the rust color I find that this
really brings out the warmth from the
taupe and it just leaves a beautiful
metallic shade once you're finished grab
a nude shade that's two or three colors
darker than your skin tone and then use
that to blend and blur out the edges I
find that blending take some time so
keep working on it until you're
satisfied and happy with the way it
looks I'm going to add some intensity by
popping in some dark brown into the
outer thirds of the eye just try and
keep this dark brown concentrated and
just in that outer third of the eye now
that the shadows are finished I'm going
to grab a liquid liner and I'm just
going to start drawing a cat
and my flick isn't as perky because I
prefer my eyeliner a little bit more
straight I find that this shape is much
more flattering to my eyes then i'm
going to tightline my lower eyelid with
a brown eyeliner pencil and tightlining
is definitely a strange sensation but
you're going to get used to it the more
you do it I'm gonna grab a eyelash
curler and give my lashes a good old
pump and then I'm just gonna pile on the
mascara I'm just gonna do a light layer
because I'm gonna get some help from
some falsies because no amount of
mascara can make my short lashes look
lush so I'm gonna grab my demi whispies
I'm just going to apply some eyelash
glue on to the to the band and then I'm
gonna pop them on with some tweezers and
we're good to go
and now we're finished with the eyes so
now it's time to chisel and sculpt the
face so I'm going to grab this Ashley
brown color and then apply it to the
hollows of my cheeks once you've done
that I'm going to use all four of these
shades by swirling a blush brush and
then I'm just going to pop that onto the
apples of my cheeks and this is just
going to create a beautiful shimmery
glow which I think trends all year
around a glow is always good now I'm
going to get a plum lip liner and I'm
just going to apply this color on my
entire lips once I'm finished with that
I'm going to go in with the shade Monte
Carlo and I'm going to spread this on my
lips being very careful with application
and I find that the plum color that we
added before just brings out the red and
makes it look more deep so this is the
finished fall look I think this is a
beautiful vampy metallic look that you
can wear to any fall activities and this
is going to last you all day because of
Smashbox is BB water it's a 5 in 1 game
changer it Prime's protects hydrates and
it's oil and alcohol free and it's truly
one of my favorite formulas anyway I
hope you enjoyed this tutorial and thank
you so much for watching and I'll see
you next time bye
