not every morning feels like a good
morning there are days when I wake up
and I just know it's gonna be one of
those days before I would just wallow in
my sorrow but as I got older I realized
that it's only up to me to flip a bad
day around
I'm so happy to partner with LA to show
you my 8 steps on how I deal with a bad
day step 1 make the bed the first step
is something so simple but important you
spend a huge chunk of your life in this
bed so you should treat it like a Haven
making your bed takes less than a minute
and it's actually correlated with better
productivity and it gives you a sense of
well-being it also gives you a reason
not to jump back in bed and forces you
to get on with your day now it's time to
freshen up hygiene is a huge part of
self-care and your face should not be
neglected I've been loving to use old
lady lis facials because of how easy
they are to use the cloths are nice and
dry so they're great for traveling and
they never dry out all you do is add a
bit of water and it lathers up so
beautifully I'm all about efficiency so
that's what I love that this is a five
in one product it removes any makeup in
the night before it washes away dirt and
oil tone skin hydrates with essential
conditioners and exfoliates to smooth
skin after you cleanse your face you
reuse the same cloth for a final rinse
and you're done these are so practical
and they won't break the bank I always
feel a little bit better when my face is
closed because it invigorates me to get
out the door this next step is something
that's difficult but I promise the
hardest part is going out the door
stepping outside for a run or a walk
always shifts my mindset because it
physically gets me out of the house as
much as it's tempting to stay inside all
day it'll do your body and mind some
good to breathe in the fresh air and get
those muscles moving it also helps you
release any pent-up energy from what's
bothering me and I always feel at least
thirty percent better than how I was
feeling before because then door fans
always kick in after my run if you have
a tub treat yourself to a bubble bath
this is honestly something I rarely do
so it's
quite the treat when I do I like the
fact that when you're here you can zone
out you're literally in a hot tub of
water with nothing else to do the smell
of a bola bath is also just a form of
aromatherapy which can really help me
relax it's a bit symbolic too you can
physically imagine yourself washing away
your troubles I've always struggled with
relaying my conflicts or talking too
heavily about myself to friends or loved
ones so it's super important for me to
find another type of release writing is
both a healthy and cathartic form of
release I love talking about my feelings
and this is honestly a space where I
know I won't be judged for my thoughts
it doesn't have to take long write it on
a journal a protected tumblr Google Docs
whatever it is just write it out for me
a physical space is sometimes a
representation of my mental space a
cluttered place is a cluttered mind and
it's really hard to function when a
physical environment literally can get
in the way as I get older and older I
realize I love to clean it makes me feel
productive and even if I'm stressed out
on the inside I know that at least I
have a space that enables me to get
things done and work sufficiently
productively it's also just one less
worry if I have a full plate of other
responsibilities
last summer I discovered a meditation
app called headspace there was a point
in my life where I would do this daily
but now I just try to get it in whenever
I can meditation is a habitual process
of training your mind to focus and
redirect your thoughts studies have
shown that the practice can help develop
self-awareness and reduce stress greatly
we live in such a fast-paced
instantaneous world where we just
sometimes need to stop and breathe in
stillness practicing gratitude is the
oldest trick in the book but it works
it's so easy to forget what we have and
focus on the bad but really we all have
something to be grateful for where you
are abundant remember that someone
somewhere locks redirecting your
thoughts and counting your blessings
also helps put into perspective how
blessed and privileged I am in this life
it might take a bit of work but in the
end reaffirming my mind is worth the
challenge so try listing out what you're
grateful for for me it's the people in
my life my home food Kiki and the list
goes on
alright guys those were my 8 tips on how
to deal with a bad day I have definitely
had my fair share of them so I know what
it feels like next time you're in a
mental funko these tips can help you
flip around your day and I want to thank
Elway for sponsoring this video make
sure to check out their facial wipes in
the description box so I'll leave the
link down there I want to thank you guys
so much for watching and I'll see you
guys in the next one bye
