hey guys it's your girl Jen and now that
fall is officially here I thought it'd
be the perfect time to give a little
shout out on my favorite fall fashion
trends so let's start duster coats are
huge this season and for those who don't
know what they are they're basically
like a long and loose lightweight coat I
styled mine with my matching navy stripe
set because it's a no-brainer
and then I coordinated with my new navy
suede lace-ups
I thought I'd finish off the look with
my classic beret because it always adds
a touch of city chic when I do my next
fall favorite is the color camel and
here I'm wearing this gorgeous flowy
maxi in that color and I feel like it
just adds an extra sachet to my step on
the top I'm wearing a white button-down
and then I decided to drape this scarf
over to create kind of like an
effortless bohemian aura
everyone has denim in their wardrobe and
this season is all about DIY it but if
you're lazy like me and don't want to
DIY you can always just purchase it here
I have this oversized denim jacket with
a bunch of writing on it and this one's
from Korea so it really makes no sense I
mean there's trash on the back I don't
even know what that means
and to be honest I kind of like that it
doesn't mean anything because fashion is
about having fun and nothing needs to
have a meaning all the time next up on
the fall agenda is a sleeveless vest and
I fell in love with this one at Topshop
and I think vests like these are really
great to throw on over delicate tops
especially if arms are a problem area
for you the vest just adds more coverage
and as a plus it gives you extra
dimension to your look because you're
layering
if you know me at all
you know that I have an everlasting love
for hats and this fall I'm gonna be
rocking the hell out of newsboy caps I
think a cap like this adds the perfect
amount of boyish charm to any outfit and
plus hats are always great because they
force your hair to frame your face the
way you like thank you so much for
watching and letting me show you some of
my favorite fall fashion trends I know
there's a ton out there right now so if
I forgot your favorite one make sure you
comment down below so I can be informed
as for an update I'm heading to London
on October 1st
I'm staying there for a week so that
should be really exciting I am praying
and crossing my fingers that I get to go
to Paris it's been even if it's just for
a day I'm never there and I feel like
every time I fly over to London I feel
like I might as well hop on over to
Paris as well because you can take like
the train there right so I'm gonna try
any of us to make that happen so I'll
keep you informed
I'll be vlogging there so stay tuned for
that anyway I hope you guys enjoyed this
video and I will see in the next one bye
guys
