when I was going to college my go-to
outfit was the sweater and skinny jeans
combination and I think a sweater is
perfect because you can wear it in the
freezing cold mornings and once you know
the Sun burns up all the cold you can
take off the sweater and just stuff it
in your backpack and that way you can
just be comfortable at all times comfort
is key especially when you're bouncing
from class to class and I think this
outfit is a really great example on how
your style doesn't need to be
compromised everything on me is super
comfy I've got the stretchy shorts and
top on lock and then I just chucked on a
loose black parka in case that AC is too
strong in class the next look
incorporates one of my favorite denim
silhouettes the mom Jean and since my
bottoms are a bit more baggy I went for
this fitted interesting striped shirt I
think that the sheer panel on the chest
is really going to make you stand out
from the rest of the crowd I've got
another sweater and denim combo for you
but this look is different because it's
going to give the person sitting behind
you some literature to read they can get
to know all your stances and your
beliefs and chances are if they agree
with you on all of this it can be a
start of a budding friendship my last
outfit is the dress use of them all and
yes I actually did wear outfits like
this to school because when I fell cute
and confident in an outfit it gave me
the courage to speak up in class and
work harder maybe that's just me but if
anyone tells you that you're looking too
fancy for class just remember that Oscar
Wilde quote you can never be overdressed
or over educated I hope you guys enjoyed
this little look book of back-to-school
outfits please comment down below and
let me know which one you'd Rock and I'm
so sorry this video is so damn late I
guess I've just been working on other
projects and this one kind of got
neglected but the good news is probably
most of you are back in school so this
is very
believe it or not I definitely miss
school college to be precise because it
was just fun getting to learn something
new every single day getting to meet new
people scoping people out in the class
getting new stationery all that jazz so
enjoy it even if you hate it because
chances are you're probably gonna miss
it later because when you graduate there
are bigger problems that you're gonna
have to face then cramming for a midterm
thank you so much for watching and if
you haven't subscribed already please do
the button should be here or there I'm
just gonna commit to this one I'm pretty
sure it's here I hope you guys have a
wonderful day and I will see you in my
next video bye mwah by the way I got a
new mic I think the sound quality should
be a lot better now okay alright bye
