hey guys it's me Jen and you know the
drill it is time for another batch of
favorites I'll be going over my most
loved things in August so let's start
I'm just gonna kick things off with the
immediate showstopper these are my
sunglasses from the brand escape they
just really caught my eye because of how
striking they look they're definitely
probably my most eccentric frame and
they look crazy when I just hold them up
but once you wear them they're totally
fine I think it's because the I guess
the the frame is gold so it kind of just
like blends into your skin so it's not
too abrasive I think I debuted these
sunglasses when I went and had a beach
trip with the girls in Santa Monica and
yeah I got a lot of compliments on my
Instagram so thank you so much August
was a complete scorcher the Sun was out
and I wanted to make sure that my face
was well protected and although my
foundation has SPF in it I was told that
that SPF isn't enough it's more safe and
better off to get a separate sunscreen
just for your face and that's why I've
been using
Misha's safe block mal essence Sun milk
and I like this sunscreen because it's
quite watery so it absorbs into the face
very quickly there's no white cast
doesn't leave your face oily whatsoever
and it also has essence in it so it
nourishes and hydrates the skin and yeah
I just think it's like an overall
perfect base for the beginning of your
makeup next up I have another skincare
product that I've added to my routine
this is southern parks beauty water and
I heard about it from my friend
Charlotte who is like a Kay beauty
junkie she has great taste and I trust
her opinion and she basically told me
that this is like the new like eight
product in Korea and so I thought I
would try it and so far I absolutely
love it
I've been using it every single day two
times a day as a toner and this is how
much I have left so I would say I've
like a month and a half worth left of
this so you get like a bang for your
buck which is always good I feel like
2015 has been the year that I have just
taken care of my face a lot better
because I'm approaching my mid 20s now
so if I want to prevent wrinkles I need
to start caring for my skin better last
month I had the pleasure of attending
hard music festival and it was so much
fun and I got to see a lot of
performances but
one app that stood up to me the most was
Porter Robinson and I saw him live last
year in San Francisco and it was good
but it just did not compare to the set
at hard and maybe it's because I was
like acquainted with worlds a lot more
ever since the first show so I knew his
songs more but just like the visuals of
his set at Hard was just like I had like
goosebumps on my arms like that's how
crazy it was like the visuals are a mix
of anime like kind of gaming themes and
just like the way the colors sync up
with the songs it's just mind-blowing I
highly recommend you go see Puerto
Robeson live it's almost like watching a
piece of theater you're part of a story
when you're watching a show and it's
definitely like an out-of-body
experience I don't know I felt very over
stimulated but in the best way possible
and ever since hard I've been listening
to Worlds more often it just like feels
nice to like fall in love with an album
again for my book favorite I have the
Martian by Andy weir and this was
actually recommended to me by a lot of
you guys in my last favorites video so
thank you very much because I devoured
this book it was so good it's one of
those classic survival tales that you
just can't put down this story is
written partly in the form of journal
entries by an astronaut named Mark he is
abandoned in the planet Mars and he has
to use his wits to to get off the planet
and he's just one of those characters
that you immediately fall in love with
he was just like he's just so funny
charming super-smart and just I don't
know I like it's hard for like a piece
of text to make me laugh and I found
myself laughing throughout this book and
apparently this is gonna be a movie in
October with Matt Damon so that's pretty
cool I suggest you read the book first
though because it's then you can like
compare the two and that's always fun
um so yeah check it out my last favorite
is actually a sleeping app and the thing
is I've never had a problem falling
asleep my problem was establishing a
time to go to bed especially this summer
and so I would be in bed with all the
lights turned off but I just can't get
off my phone and I'll just be watching
snapchat stories or along Facebook or
Twitter or what
Instagram and I just be awake so right
before I go to bed I'll turn on a guided
audio and my favorite ones are the
opening meditations it's relaxing to bed
and put away the day it's basically just
a woman saying all these calming and
soothing affirmations to help you go to
sleep and my favorite saying that she
does is let yourself luxuriate in this
time of rest and I don't know every time
she says it it just makes me smile once
the app is playing I just like set it on
my bed stand and I'll just go to bed and
I can't touch it you know so it just
helps me concentrate on sleep and
getting my rest if you're the type of
person who gets really Restless in bed I
would suggest getting I sleep easy I'm
not I can't tell you that's gonna cure
your insomnia but it's definitely a
start somewhere all right so that's a
wrap on my favorites
another great month to add to the year
and I'm super excited for September
because it's my birthday month if you
would like to tell me your favorites in
the comments down below I would love to
read about them and yeah thank you so
much for watching and I'll see you the
next one bye
