hey everyone it's me Jen and I'm back
with another lookbook but this time it
is a wee bit different because I'll be
styling my boyfriend's clothes on me and
yeah basically I went to London last
month and I had access to his full
closet and so it kind of went a little
crazy on mixing and matching everything
a little bit bored with the clothes that
I had in my suitcase
so it was really fun picking out some
stuff from his wardrobe and kind of
remix it with the stuff that I had so I
hope you enjoy I styled Ben's a short
sleeve button up first because I've been
eyeing it up and down ever since he got
it and I thought it'd be the perfect
piece to start this lookbook off I did a
tomboyish look and I basically did a
little half tuck with the shirt because
I wanted my distressed shorts to peek
out just a little bit and then I added a
little bling to FEM up my ensemble next
I have his crisp white button-down from
Fred Perry which is very smart and
formal so I wanted to play that up
that's why I went ahead and threw on
this Navy pinstripe coat from Urban
Outfitters I love the length of it and I
think it really spruces up everything I
added a little bolo tie has a little fun
accessory and then I kept everything
clean and minimal with my white shorts
I have a double whammy here this is a
Levi's denim jacket layered with another
Fred Perry button-down I thought that
they were a match made in heaven so I
created an outfit to complement these
two pieces I'm wearing my trusty Joy
Division shirt that I've had since the
beginning of my channel and then I added
some earthy elements with my stone
necklace the last piece I'm styling is a
long sleeve and it's very basic but I
wanted to give it some love because it
was just stuffed in the corner of his
wardrobe I brought it back to life with
my black skinnies I just feel like it
toughens up the basic shirt and then I
put on my gold necklace to elongate my
figure and then I wore his old trilby
because I thought it was a fun way to
accessorize and experiment since I don't
think I've ever worn a hat like this so
those are my outfits incorporating my
boyfriend's clothes it felt so awesome
to layer again it was a lot colder in
London than it is in LA so it felt good
to wear a jacket and some long sleeves
and just to try that out it felt amazing
and I know a few of you guys are
wondering where my back to college
videos are I'm gonna film them late this
month and then they're gonna roll out in
September because a lot of you guys
don't start college until like the end
of September anyway so I'm just gonna
take my time with it but yes they'll be
out next one either way I hope you
enjoyed this video and thank you so much
for watching and I'll see you next one
good bye MA
three
training whoo hello there you know just
in the usual hanging a setup on a bird
cage hook
