hey guys it's me Jen and welcome back to
my channel I can safely say that I've
contracted the sneaker bug yes
I'm addicted to sneakers now I honestly
thought I would never ever say that in
my life but I can't deny her comfort so
I thought I would create a little
lookbook featuring some of my favorite
sneakers so let's get started these are
my beautiful Nike roaches and I featured
them in my last favorites video and I
love the fact that these sporty looking
things pairs so well with feminine
silhouettes like a dress next up is
another pair of Nikes and I actually got
these in Portland when I was my
boyfriend and we thought it'd be a great
idea to buy matching shoes so we did
either way I've done the dress and
sneaker combination again but this time
it looks more tomboyish because I've
added a little flannel around the waist
these are my new balances and I've seen
Annalee rockers so it kind of prompted
me to get my own pair and I decided to
get this gray and navy pair because I
knew how adaptable they would be
lastly I can't forget the famous
superstars from adidas when I was
younger I remember I begged my mom to
get me these shoes but she'd only let me
get the knockoffs from Payless because
they were a lot cheaper but anyway I'm
really happy I have the real deal now
and I decided to style them in an
all-white ensemble I hope this video
inspired you to go into your closet and
style some of your own sneakers and
please comment down below and let me
know which outfit was your favorite I
would love to know and I'm honestly
pretty surprised that I made this video
because even two or three years ago I
wouldn't have made a styling sneakers
video because I hated wearing flats I
just preferred wearing heels because I
liked the height a lot I don't know I
think I've come to a point in my life
where I've just accepted my height it's
fine um it's just it's just so much more
comfortable to be in flat sometimes and
yeah I've come to terms with it either
way I hope you enjoyed this video and I
will see you in the next one bye
