everyone it's me Jen and since it's a
brand new month it's time to reminisce
the greatest hits of last month which
was July so let's kick things off with
the first favorite if you're following
me on Instagram these guys are no
surprise to you they've been making
several appearances on my feet and for a
good reason - I'm just having a serious
moment with my Nike roches although
they're gray in some lights they look
like blue so it's kind of like having
two pairs of shoes and one which I enjoy
with this shoe it was love at first
sight it was the first time a sneaker
made me audibly gasped it was intense so
I knew that something about this shoe is
very special my next favorite is a
curling iron this is dry bars a
three-day bender curler in their 1.25
inch barrel and no they're not paying me
to say this at all this is not sponsored
I just have genuinely loved using this
thing it's the first time I've been
using a curler that has like a clamp and
a rotator I feel like my curls just last
longer
I used this curler on this look right
now and I feel like this creates a very
voluminous glamorous and bouncy look and
I'm not gonna lie the first time I use
this I was kind of confused on how to
use it but just basically put your hair
that you want to curl in the clamp and
then you just rotate it until it just
catches all the hair and the heat seals
the curl in place so it's pretty damn
easy once you get the hang of it and I'm
definitely going to be using this more
often I'm so happy that my hair is
longer now so I can use a bigger barrel
so it's just been awesome I thought I
would give a little shout out to it my
next favorite is a product that was
featured in my Korean beauty haul slash
review and it is banila co's clean at
zero and this is the only product that
I've been using consistently every
single day out of all the Korean
products that I got and it's because
it's really functional my skin has not
been breaking out from it and I feel
like my skin has been it's in its best
condition ever so I feel like I'm doing
something right I feel like it's because
this really is a great first step to my
cleansing routine and for those who
haven't seen my Korean review video yet
this is just a cleansing balm that you
apply to just the full
cakey makeup face and it just turns into
a nice silky oil that dissolves all your
makeup off it's just wonderful and after
I use this I just go in with my normal
facial cleanser just to get the double
cleansing in and my skin has been
squeaky clean and ready for all the
serums and oils and essence after I
cleanse so it's just a so Charlotte
Tilbury has been all over the
blogosphere and YouTube and it's always
been kind of my radar and when I finally
used up my naked flush palette which
contains my favorite highlighter I
thought it was time to try Charlotte
Tilbury film-star bronze & Glow and let
me tell you this is totally worth the
hype I have my seal of approval on this
guy I've definitely converted first off
can you talk about the packaging it is
gorgeous
I mean like look at it it just looks so
beautiful in my makeup collection and I
don't know about you but when something
looks as beautiful as this it just makes
me want to use it more but esthetics
aside it's a great product all in all so
when you open it there is a bronzer and
a highlighter and the bronzer is cool
but the star of the show is definitely
the highlighter it's just a really
lovely champagne beige shimmer and it's
not glittery at all it's not too
metallic it's just right and it just has
a beautiful candlelit glow and you look
like you're just shining from within
totally worth it and I can safely say
that this highlighter now is on my Holy
Grail list when I was in London a few
weeks ago I got a really bad case of
food poisoning or maybe it was a stomach
flu but either way I was vomiting
uncontrollably for an hour straight and
it was not a pleasant experience for me
or for Ben but then just took really
good care of me I was bedridden for a
day and he suggested that we watch
Friday Night Lights and I was so down
for it because I've heard a lot of great
reviews about it and it's been on my to
watch list first super a long time and
he was down to rewatch it so that's it
we decided to watch it and God we got
really sucked in it's about a high
school football team and a small
in Texas and no you don't have to like
football or remotely enjoy football to
enjoy the show
football is just kind of like the
backdrop of the show it's more about the
storylines and the character development
it's just so good it's just a very great
drama on TV that you should definitely
watch all the seasons are on Netflix so
definitely enjoy that and the theme song
is by explosions in the sky which is one
of my favorite bands and so it was just
extra brownie points for the show
so my last favorite is super random and
I tend to put my most random favorites
at the end because I don't know who has
stuck around this long to finish my
favorites but yeah my last favorite is a
English biscuit called digestives and
that name sounds like it's a type of
medication or something for your stomach
but no it's just a biscuit and it's very
subtly sweet and it just dissolves in
your mouth and when you dip it an
English breakfast tea just game-changing
I actually prefer dipping a digestive
and tea / cookies and milk and that's a
strong and bold statement but I'm gonna
have to go with a digestive and teeth
it's just a perfect combination and if
you're from the UK you're probably
rolling your eyes because it's such a
common thing over there but as someone
from California I've never had something
like this and so I don't know I just
really enjoyed it Ben would make like a
pot of tea in the afternoon and we would
just have it adjusted and dip it and it
was just a really great ritual that we
had had a great pick-me-up snack and
satisfies a sweet tooth it's just
amazing I actually brought two rolls of
digestives one for me and one for my
parents because I knew that they would
like it you all right everyone those
were my July favorites
unfortunately no book or music
recommendations just biz no singing -
the same thing and the book that I was
reading everything matters was really
amazing in the beginning but once I got
to the middle it just got a little too
forced and I would just wasn't feeling
it so I abandon ship I don't know if
you're like me and abandoned books but
if it if I lose an interest in a book
because I don't like where the storyline
is going I just kind of drop it you know
so yeah I'm in the market for a new read
out absolutely love
if you would comment any book
recommendations down below I'm in the
hunt for some so I'll very much
appreciate that either way I hope you
enjoyed the video please give it a like
if you like and I'll see you in the next
one
