before going to a music festival I like
to start off with squeaky clean hair I'm
using Garnier Fructis sleek and shine
shampoo to get all that grit and grime
out of my hair and then I'm gonna bring
back the moisture with their conditioner
and I just love the way my hair smells
after this it's just really fruity
tropical and just lovely
after I'm going to get a wide toothed
comb and just brush it out a little bit
so it's not too unruly and crazy and
after I brush it out I'm gonna go in
with a texturizing spray and this is
just gonna really help my hair hold in
the texture once I do my first hairstyle
I do a couple of spritzes on the ends
the mid-shaft from even the scalp and
I'm just gonna let it soak in for a
couple of seconds and then I'm going to
start blow drying it you can use any
blow dryer you want but this is just the
one that I use just make sure you
blow-dry it have some fun belt out some
tunes
just stop drying your hair once maybe
90% of it is dry because I don't want to
start braiding my hair on completely
damp hair because that's just going to
take forever to dry divide your hair
into two even sections I'm going to comb
it out a little bit because it got kind
of crazy during the blow-drying process
and then it's a little bit sticky
because the product which is good and
then I'm going to start out the crown of
my head and I'm going to divide my hair
into two even sections and then cross
them over and once they're crossed
you're going to get a little bit of more
hair on each section and then cross them
over and do that until you get to the
nape of your neck and then you're just
going to continue it with a regular
three strand braid it's the most basic
braid you can get
yeah
do the braids onto the other side and
you're going to have this really awesome
braided bug that's gonna be out of your
face out of your neck and just keep you
cool all day and all of this hairstyle
because it's quite edgy as well you can
wear it with the statement whip some
cool earrings or even a hat if you feel
like it the next look is going to be
super simple all you're going to do is
unravel the braids from the first
hairstyle and you're just going to
gently toss them until you get this
really super voluminous curly hairstyle
and the longer you have these braids in
the curler they're going to be I left
the braids in for two or three hours but
if you want to curl your look leave them
in longer this is definitely an
effortless style for those who just
can't be fuss to do the hair in the
morning if this look is a little bit too
untamed for you it's all good this hair
is actually a really good base to add
some defined curls I think the hardest
part of getting that really full sultry
beach wave is volume and so you're just
gonna do this until you finish your
entire head I think it's pretty
self-explanatory on how to curl her hair
so just do it as you normally would
once you're finished curling your hair
and you're happy with the way it looks
I'm going to go in with a texture tease
finishing spray and this is just going
to add a lot of volume into my hair and
just keep my curls very fluffy and very
bouncy I absolutely love it and then I'm
gonna finish everything off with a
hairspray I'm using the anti-humidity
hairspray because it helps my hair from
frizzing and it just locks my curls
they're festive already the entire day
and then feel free to add some cute head
accessories and even some flash tattoos
on your cheeks for something that's
really boho and very beautiful so those
were a few of my favorite hairstyles
that I was rocking to music festivals
this summer hit the description box for
all the product links and I'll see you
guys in the next video bye
