we were at Bonnaroo garnier set me to
cover the event and I'm super excited to
be here it's definitely first time in
Tennessee oh yeah you are here four
years ago for a wedding so surprisingly
it's my second time here it's really
humid but everyone's in very good
spirits there are some people wearing
just swimsuits let it all hang out
I think 50% other dudes are chocolates
yeah
yeah that's just a passion here yeah
yeah thank you though it's pretty late
in the game right now I just did a
couple interviews with MTV which is
awesome we did a meet and greet at the
Garnier tent which was very fun
Stephanie got hair braided by Melinda we
all rented yeah she like dollars
Jr and now my neck feels so free yeah
it's pretty awesome unlike me my hair
just like matted down on my neck this is
that down there we're just gonna chill
out for a minute and then go see tears
with the ears
via
I just got my hair braided by Jessica
I'm the Guarnere fruity Ted and I love
it it's just beautiful fishtail braid
that wraps all the way in the back and
then it just pops out here and I was an
idiot and I didn't bring a hat so I had
to buy a hat Stephanie let me eight
dollars for the back it was thirty but
it's totally worth it's got a nice
little street guys so when the wind
picks up it's just you know gonna stay
on my head and I Stephanie got this
really cute cowboy hat but it's her play
speeding
hi everyone we are at okay
this is Lisa we are on a cart really
excited I'm really going to be here for
one day eat some snacks we have a peanut
butter
you
