hi guys welcome back it's Mitra and as
you know I love to accessorize I feel
like that's where you add your own Flair
and you're able to make an outfit really
yours and so that's why I'm super
excited that I've collaborated with
Target to show you the Eddie Bordeaux
collection and I know summer has a lot
of different activities so I thought
that I would sell each piece for a
different occasion so let's get started
so the first piece I'm going to talk
about is this thin metallic belt it has
these loops right in the front where you
can clip-on tassels or charms and I just
went for these shimmery gold triangles
and clip them onto the belt for a bit
more pizazz and belts like these are
really great when you're wearing an item
that's a little bit more loose and
you're wanting more shape this belt is
just gonna cinch it and give you the
shape and silhouette that you want i
belted it with this plain black romper
and I find that the charms make this
outfit look a lot more interesting and
glamorous another charming combination I
might do is to take out the middle one
and attach a longer fringy piece to help
elongate the figure and I'd wear this
outfit to a summer party or even a club
I feel like an outfit like this with
sooo any semi-formal social event in the
evening next up I'm selling a necklace
and I absolutely love the chain on this
they used a variety of different
metallics like gold rose gold silver
gunmetal everything and that's why it
makes it so easy to mix and match with
this it's impossible to clash I decided
to clip on that same tassel that we used
on the last outfit because I really like
longer necklaces so this is my brunch
look breakfast is easily the biggest
meal I happening the day because when I
wake up in the morning for some reason
I'm just starving and so that's why I
really like to load up on my first meal
and just start my day with a full belly
and the easiest way to hide a food baby
is with the flowy dress which is what
I'm wearing I decided to put on a
colorful shawl because I thought the
fringe would really coordinate with the
fringe on the tassel and I'm wearing
some comfy mules and I think that this
is just a really great vibrant outfit
that is gonna look good even if you
photograph and have a really full
stomach for the next look I'm going to
use that same necklace but I'm just
gonna switch out the charms this time
I'm using this really beautiful triangle
with these beaded tassels
and I feel like now the necklace is a
lot more elegant than bohemian that's
why my next outfit is perfect for a
romantic date I'm wearing a floral maxi
dress which i think is very feminine and
it just makes me feel really girly the
dress was a bit long so I threw on some
nude heels to give me the height I need
and I honestly can't wait to wear this
dress on the next date with my boyfriend
deluxe I'm Yoona style is this really
funky intergalactic purse or clutch this
bag actually has these two loops in the
front so you can decide whether you want
to just go strapless or if you want to
add a little loop for your hand or you
can just add a full-on strap so you can
wear it as a normal purse it all depends
on you and your mood there's also more
loops on the side and I just went for
these stones because they kind of remind
me of moon rocks and the purple crystals
were just a great way to throw some
color in this outfit would be for a
casual concert since it can get really
hot in venues I went for a silver mesh
top with the strappy bralette and then I
squeezed into some rip skinnies I'm
wearing my really tall comfortable
platform boots because if I don't have
these I can't see anything onstage so
these are definitely a necessity for me
so those are my looks for four different
summer events and I hope it gave you
some ideas and I honestly had so much
fun working and experimenting with these
different accessories from the Eddie
Borgo for Target collection I'm sure you
will too
I want to thank Target for making this
video possible and I want to thank you
for watching and I'll see you the next
one guys
bye mwah
