you
give me when I say
so max its way
I hope you guys enjoyed this video I've
always wanted to show you guys what I do
on a day to day basis and obviously it
varies but I thought that this was a
good depiction of what I actually do and
I've always said how one-sided YouTube
could feel obviously I'm putting stuff
out there but it's really difficult for
me to reach out especially when things
get drowned out by YouTube comments and
Instagram posts and all that stuff so
that's why I'm so excited to share with
you my new app I thought that this would
be the best way to communicate with you
guys directly because we're in our own
community now and it's just so surreal
because I've been working on this for
months and months and I can't believe
that it's out today you can get it for
your iPhone and Android I'll put the
links down below or you can just search
I'm running on the App Store and it
should show up it would mean so much to
me if you signed up and showed me your
OOTD I thought that this would be a
really great space where we can all
share our interest in fashion lifestyle
food everything and I hope that this is
a really positive community that we can
all just thrive in and I don't know
let's hope for the best this is my first
time doing it and I'm just taking the
plunge pretty much I hope you guys
enjoyed the video and I will see you
next one bye guys
