hey everyone welcome back it is time for
favorites June was really big month for
me a lot of traveling and I liked a lot
of things so here are my favorites so
the last video I filmed was my Korean
fashion haul but for some reason I
forgot to include my gentle monster
sunglasses the first pair I'm going to
show you are these ones these are my
reflective slightly rounded frames and
they're basically mirrors on your face
is whenever I'm talking to someone I
could see if they're like checking
themselves out of my sunglasses they're
just a really great statement piece and
definitely a crowd-pleaser and the next
pair are these black frames they're just
very classic and timeless super chic and
they remind me of the ones that Selene
carries but I like the way that these
sit on my face better gentle monster is
a korean label so a lot of those
sunglasses are designed for asian faces
so I feel like they suit my face very
well and I can't wait to go back in the
store and check out the new collection
I'm so excited for them to come out I'm
obsessed with this label next up on the
list is sunscreen I was at Q Music
Festival's last month fire fire and
Bonnaroo and there was just a lot of sun
exposure going on so I wanted to make
sure that my skin was protected and
covered I was using this one by super
goop this is SPF 50 and I love the fact
that it comes in a can because I feel
like a lot of people skips using
sunscreen because they do not enjoy the
application process with this one you
can just spray your body you can get
tricky places like your back all by
yourself and you're fine and I like this
one because it's not sticky it's cruelty
free and there's no parabens in it just
all-around great for my music favor I
have Smith Western soft will I used to
be a huge fan of the music a few years
back but they just kind of fell off my
radar and for some reason in June I
thought to myself I wonder what they're
up to and I saw that they had this album
out on Spotify and it's the only thing
that I'm playing my car if you like
dreamy and catchy music with like a
really good hook definitely give this
album to listen my favorite songs on the
album are varsity and 3m spiritual I
will try and find the video on YouTube
and then link it in the description box
so you can watch it and listen to it
it's really good and I also got some
bad news because I found out that they
broke up they disbanded and that was
pretty sad because now I could never see
them live in concert but at least I have
this album to listen to so that's like
my closure last month I rent the bell
jar by Sylvia Plath and this has been on
my to read list for a very long time
probably since middle school so I'm
really glad that I knocked it out in
June and this is a very dark novel
though it's very sad but I think
everyone should give it a read it's
about a girl named Esther who is
interning in New York and the story just
follows her until she mentally unravels
and it's it's pretty bleak and I heard
that this book is absolutely kind of
about her life and her own thoughts so
and that just made everything even more
intense
it's a sad read but I think I think you
should do it give it a try my movie
favorite last month is ex machina so
damn good and Jesse actually recommended
it to me so thank you very much I
thoroughly enjoyed that film it probably
goes in my top 10 movies of all time I'm
pretty certain I absolutely love sci-fi
spot my favorite genre like sci-fi and
fantasy are my favorite genres and this
movie just kind of ticked all the boxes
for me OHS film beautifully excellent
plotline and there are just scenes in my
head that I just like can't get out
there like forever burned in my mind so
the movie is about a programmer who has
to interact with AI and it's like in the
form of this really beautiful robot girl
and yeah that's I guess I guess I'll
just leave it like that
I think it's good to just go in kind of
blindly for this movie but yeah it's
definitely creepy so I wasn't sure if I
was gonna talk about my new purse
because I know some people can get
really touchy about designer labels on
YouTube but I just hope that no one
takes it the wrong way I mean I work
hard for my money and I treated myself I
got a point of school or purse and this
guy is so beautiful I got it on sale on
Barney's comm so this actually came in
black as well but by the time I was
ready to commit to it the black one sold
out so I went with the cobalt and I'm
actually happier that I went with the
cobalt at first a little nervous
thinking that this would be really
difficult to match with but this first
has been really easy to coordinate
surprise
and I think it might be because I don't
really wear too much color on a regular
basis so this has been a really great
way to just you know add a little splash
of color and this is a really great size
as well because whenever have a big
purse I just end up putting more stuff
in it
so this purses made me feel more minimal
and it's nice not to be weighed down my
last favorite is really random but I
thought I would share it anyway for some
reason in June I got sucked into
watching a youtuber named Dan play The
Sims 4
he has like over 30 episodes and I only
have two left and so I'm really savoring
them and I think I finally understand
the obsession with youtubing and gaming
yeah there's something really
therapeutic about watching someone else
play a game that you love each video is
like I don't know 20 or 30 minutes long
and they've just been putting me
straight asleep because if you fall
asleep doesn't really matter because
there's not really a plot in any of this
it's just nice to be in a simulated
world I really enjoyed it
so those are my June favorites and I
also got my hair done in June annalee
cut it she added some layers and she
lightened up the ends and I think it's
like more of an ashy Brown which I
absolutely love she did a killer job and
I'm so happy I think this is like my
favorite hair style I've ever had in my
life so thank you I'll link her info
down below she has her channel with her
husband dressy so I'll link that out and
yeah I feel like the favorites this
month were very well-rounded we got like
a movie we got some music got a book we
got the Sims everything so yeah I would
love to know what your June favorites
were in the comments down below I'm
always looking for new inspiration I
hope you enjoyed the video and I'll see
you in my next one bye
