good morning everyone it is day 1 in
Korea I can't believe I'm back in Seoul
I'm here with Stephanie she's right
there
nice basically I'm here because
Charlotte of SoCo glam sent me to
explore more Korean products from
fashion to beauty so it's gonna be
amazing I'm so excited to share
everything with you guys and today we're
going to cut also here so I can show you
three of my favorite beauty brands in
Korea so that should be really awesome
so Darby's riches a place where they
have self frv and it's just a big hot
stove
and they have chickens cabbage filling
foreo we just like to mix everything
together sleeping the crew or one of
your food
Oh
Nicholas
welcome to day two of Korea we are just
finishing getting ready we're going to
cut a suit here again to film the
fashion segment of the videos that are
about to come out for Korea and should
be good so far we've got approval from a
LAN and Sal Nanda
I'm really excited because I've never
been to the flagship store for style
Honda that one is in Hongdae so that
should be really good
I've only online shop from them so it's
gonna be really great to just feel the
clothes and try it on and see if it
actually fits my body because a lot of
the stuff is free size so and that
basically means one size fits all but uh
that's not the case sometimes
we are from the 3c store and come over
here and we saw this cool climb I'm
actually whenever I see one of these are
quite addicted and I need to play so the
form of Gambia my form again let's do
them I'm giving it I gave her my dollar
or my try to do it because I suck at
these games their time limit
yeah when it runs out and I'll just go
down
hi everyone so I'm blogging a little bit
later today because you couldn't have
slept in it was really cloudy and it
started raining today so we were in a
rush to get anywhere um so we actually
got our nails sent today at home day we
went to this place called wounds nail
and it's just like this huge alleyway
where there's a ton of places where you
can get your nails done my nails are so
awesome right now they're this crazy
design I've never had anything like
glued on my nails before but now there's
like glitter and rhinestones on it and
I'm so excited about them right now we
are just going to walk around under we
saw like a vintage shop ounce of sweet
so we're going to head on over there
you
you
hi everyone the last full day in Korea
is sad
yeah melis I love it here so much hot
chocolate all our taxis here
how hiding too young gum right now to do
some shopping
maybe it's inside over first right we're
gonna go to the college oh cool go to a
palace
nice hi
so we just got this weird J ice-cream
thing oh whoa
it was really good it's like an icy
soft-serve we're at a very romantic area
jungle it's really close to internal and
it's very nice and traditional
Stephanie is eating that now it's on J
shaped ICU it's so beautiful there is
like a guitars playing it it's just very
romantic
