this dress is awesome because it doubles
as street wear and pajamas
it's definitely having the best of both
worlds and it actually came a lot longer
than shown here but I decided to cut it
with a pair of scissors but
unfortunately I cut it a little bit too
short so now I have to wear it with
shorts but it's all good
now that summer's here I love wearing
color again and this romper is a perfect
blend of a really in your face color and
a really beautiful print
this next look is probably my favorite
outfit and I feel like quite a lady
in this getup and any time I wear tops
that are off the shoulder I feel really
elegant and fancy and I thought that
this topping did a pop of color so I
paired it with these awesome patterned
blue shorts from style stalker there's
nothing better than wearing a flowy
one-piece on a hot summer day and a
flirty dress like this is a necessity
for the warm months ahead because you
can stay comfy and cute and I thought
this dress was a really fresh take on
stress because they're going vertically
on top and horizontally on the bottom
all right so that's a wrap on this quick
little summer lookbook this definitely
won't be the last look book for the
summer so stay tuned for more I
definitely got a lot of the feels while
editing this because I filmed this with
Ben while we were in Palm Springs on our
day trip and so it was really funny
hearing all the little clips of stuff we
were talking about as we were filming
the b-roll but yeah I hope you guys
enjoyed it and I've got a ton more
videos coming your way I'm currently in
the midst of editing everything I still
got the Korea footage I've got Bonnaroo
footage and now I'm gonna have Firefly
footage there's just a lot more videos
coming your way
I've just been documenting a lot more
than editing so I'm just working on the
editing side right now thank you for
being patient and yeah I'll see you next
video bye guys
