hey guys it's me Jen and I'm back with
another round of favorites and I can't
believe how fast 2015 is going nearly
half the years over but without further
ado here are my favorites of last month
if you've been watching my channel for a
while you know that I am a heels girl as
opposed to a flat's girl but in May I
noticed that I was really gravitating
towards sandals a lot more maybe it's
because the weather is warming up and a
pair of sandals that I've been loving
has been these ones from yes where the
 and yes that's the actual name of
the brand which I think it's funny these
are the type of shoes that you can just
literally be out of the house in seconds
which I can really appreciate because
sometimes when I'm running errands I
don't want to be walking around or trot
around in heels I just want to be out
the door and be comfortable and be able
to just walk miles and miles
these are definitely gonna be a summer
staple shoe for me my go-to accessory
last month where these earrings from
Nasty Gal
I have always been a huge fan of really
long dangly earrings and these were just
like my ideal like they're so long and
they're fringe and they're silver
basically everything that I love and I
usually pop these on when I feel like my
outfits a little bit too plain when I
just wear these guys I feel like my
outfit is a little bit more elevated and
more striking a question I get a lot
when I wear something strapless or
backless is what kind of bra wear and
the answer is a sticky bra and a sticky
bra is essentially a bra with no straps
no clasp no nothing it's just literally
a cup that has a sticky side on one end
of it the adhesive part stays sticky
even after you wipe it down with a cloth
which i think is really great so you can
still maintain you know a level of
Hygiene with it I've pretty much been
wearing only this type of bra last month
because it's so freeing like literally
just sticking on and you don't have to
worry about straps falling down
I think this bra works best on girls
with a smaller chest like me because you
don't really need that much support
I feel like bust your girl's you kind of
need something to like you know support
them because you don't want them all
like flopping around but I mean if you
have
small just like me just slap them on
like you're just free to do whatever
I've had this makeup forever mattifying
primer just kind of flying around in my
makeup collection for a couple months
but once I saw Claire's monthly beauty
review last month I knew how to try it
because she was raving about it and I
was in the market for new primer and I
just noticed that now that the weather
is getting warmer my skin has just been
a little bit more doing than I'd like
and so I wanted to try something that
would just be completely matte and this
does the job I just love to wear this on
days when I know I'm gonna be out all
day and night or if I'm shooting on set
or something I want my face to be on
check I don't want to have to constantly
block myself or powder myself it's just
I don't like doing that I don't like
carrying a lot of makeup with me and
this primer just really sticks on makes
my foundation look awesome throughout
the day and just keeps me mad
skincare has been really important to me
the last couple years because I'm
reaching my mid-20s and the prevention
is the best way to treat wrinkles and so
I feel like I've got my face creams down
but I was kind of lacking underneath the
eyes like I got my eye cream but I kind
of wanted to go the extra mile so I got
this awesome I mask and they look really
hilarious on because it just looks like
you've got like these dark big commas on
your face I leave this on around 10 to
15 minutes after I have cleanse and tone
my face and this mass has just drenched
in a treatment essence that has all
these amino acids proteins just all this
goodness that's gonna treat this
delicate area and keep it nice and firm
this is a great summer mask because it
has like a slight tingling and cooling
sensation it's not painful at all it
just feels really nice and so I just
love to just lounge around and pamper
myself when I wear these last month I
added a quote to my favorites and a lot
of you guys seem to like it so I decided
to incorporate another one for this
favorites and this quote is an oldie but
a goodie
it's Oscar Wilde's be yourself everyone
else has already taken and this is
actually my high school coat and I'm
very proud of that because that's a it's
just a really good quote to remember
it's completely natural to pick up
habits from someone or be inspired by
someone or something you've seen but
don't be a carbon copy of that because
that's not healthy I feel like
especially
digital age you can really lurk someone
hard you can stop them through you know
snapchat YouTube Instagram Twitter
Facebook just everything worshipping an
eye lighting someone is never gonna make
you happy because you're never gonna be
that person so I think what you should
do is realize that you're perfect the
way you are just surround yourself with
things that make you happy inspire you
just nurture your passions your talents
your everything just put your own spin
to it if that makes sense
listen to the inner voice don't like
something just because someone else
likes it you have to be true to yourself
alright so those are my may favorites I
hope you guys have a great rest of the
day and I'll see you my next video
