hi everyone welcome back to my channel
summer is right around the corner and
instead of getting a completely new
wardrobe for the new season I'm going to
show you four key items so you can
maximize your closet and I've teamed up
with Target so I'm going to show you how
I've prepped my closet for the summer my
first key item is going to be an
oversized denim jacket because you can
wear it throughout the year or the
winter and fall you can layer it with
the hoodie and stay warm and insulated
but for the warmer months like spring
and summer you can just wear it on its
own denim is a really breathable fabric
so it's not gonna overheat you when you
were it during the day but it's just
gonna keep you warm enough for the
summer nights for my first look I added
this really awesome light wash denim
jacket and I wore it with a really
precious looking dress I think casual
outerwear immediately transforms
anything cutesy into something more
laid-back and chill although I'm
normally a size small for this jacket I
went ahead and got an extra large
because I wanted that really boxy and
oversized comfy vibe and I wanted to add
some more of my flares so I decided to
get these little cute pins on the side
and they're just going to add a little
quick glimmer to my look and I think
they're a great conversation starter I'm
wearing my trusty black sandals that
you've seen a million times and I think
this is the perfect outfit to just go
from you know brunch with your
girlfriends or even being the parents
it's a really versatile outfit now that
I'm back in LA I'm going to be hitting
the beaches a lot more so my second key
item is going to be a cute bikini top
not only can you wear at a pool setting
you can just wear on its own and my
favorite bikini top is a strapless one
because I hate having awkward tan lines
I remember one summer I had a halter
bikini top and literally for the entire
summer I had these awkward tan lines
from my collarbone and I did not like it
and from that moment I just swore off
anything else besides a strapless one
because I just like to have an even tan
all over for this look I transform my
bikini top into a regular top I went for
something high-waisted because the top
is just literally bikini top so a
high-waisted bottom is going to keep you
covered I wore some tall mules because I
was short and I didn't want the fabric
to drag that's an issue sometimes and I
topped off the look with a big floppy
hat by now my love for big hats is no
secret I just
the fact that they add an instant
element of mystery to your look and if
you're a little bit insecure about
showing your arms or if it's cooler
where you are feel free to add a loose
shawl it's all about feeling comfortable
on your look as much as I love wearing
all black
I think spring and summer is when I
start to venture out into color again
and if you're not ready to just go
full-blown wearing all the colors on the
rainbow I think an easy way to
incorporate color is through an
accessory like a backpack and I really
like the size of this backpack because
it's small I've noticed that when my
backpack is bigger I just end up putting
more stuff in it like my last backpack
is pretty big and I ended up just
putting like five lip glosses a hair
spray just everything I didn't need when
you have a smaller backpack it forces
you to downsize and makes you think a
little bit more strategic I styled this
backpack with a gorgeous flowy number
and I find that the blue pops even more
and has that extra umph
because it's the only color that's being
highlighted when I'm wearing an accent
piece like to scatter the color
throughout my look and that's why there
are hints of blue and turquoise on my
necklace and the hem of my dress and I
absolutely love this dress because it's
one of those maxes that doesn't make
petite girls like me look extra short or
it doesn't look like I'm being swallowed
by the fabric and I think it's because
the top is quite fitted and that the
hemline is asymmetrical no matter what
season it is I will be wearing a black
shoe and my version of a black boot for
the summer is a black mule I picked out
these specific mules for my last key
item because they've got a really cute
open toe and the heel is really
interesting it's angular kind of
geometric and just cool something I've
never seen on the market and if you're
intimidated by high heels I think a
great place to start is with platforms
because it just makes walking so much
easier when you have a platform it
balances out the actual height so the
actual height that your arch feels is
different if that makes sense
mules can make a huge difference in an
outfit for this look I'm just wearing a
white tank with some denim shorts which
is a normal combination but when you add
mules to the mix it instantly makes it
look glam and very flirty I added some
statement necklaces to my white top
because a white top is the perfect
canvas to just pile on anything if this
look is a little bit too risque for you
feel free to add a moto jacket or even
like a beige trench coat
I think styling is all about being
creative with
and making sure that you feel good and
what you wear so those are my four key
pieces to add into your existing
wardrobe to make it a little bit more
summer ready if you're interested in any
of the pieces feel free to click in
description box for links
I want to thank Target for making this
video possible and I'm actually doing a
bunch of fashion videos with them
throughout the year so make sure you
tune in to their channel and to mine for
more styling videos in the future
I would love to hear your fashion
favorites for the summer in the comments
down below
leave me some love and I'll see you in
my next video bye guys
the
