start off with the moisturized and SPF
to face and the first product I'm going
to use as a primer people tend to get a
little bit more oily in the summer so
I'm going to use a very mattifying one
and yep I'm still using tartes Amazonian
clay it's literally my favorite
foundation after all these years because
it blends in seamlessly it's a great
color match for me and I personally like
the mousse-like texture and after
blending you know the drill you got to
seal everything in I'm using rimmel's
stay matte powder and I'm going to
gently Pat it across the face next up is
my least favorite part the brows and I'm
just gonna draw my eyebrows in I start
at the base and sketch out where I want
my brows to begin and then gradually
fill them into a straight brow shape I
use the spoolie at the end to blend it
in I think I'm actually thinking about
getting my brows tattooed but I'm still
on the fence cuz I don't have any
tattoos to begin with and it feels weird
thinking that my first potential tattoo
would be my brows if any of you have
gotten your brows tattooed let me know
what your experience was like help a
girl out I'm jumping right into Nyx's
jumbo eye stick and yoghurt and I'm
gonna apply all of the lid I stopped
using an eyeshadow primer because there
really wasn't a point for me because my
lids don't get oily whatsoever then I'm
using lorax palette and getting this
cream shimmer cult unlocked and I'm
going to apply it onto my inner corners
and my eyes just a brighter and pop more
after I do this step then I grab a bit
of unpredictable which looks like a rose
gold in the pan but when you apply it in
the eye it just comes out to this really
beautiful warm gold so yeah I guess the
name is pretty fitting our last color is
going to be unwind which is what we're
going to pop onto the outer corner of
the eyes I'm using my trusty fluffy
brush and then using it on to my outer
third I find that this adds a bit of
subtle dimension and rounds out this
glowy eye look I want to define my eyes
a little bit more so I'm getting Aiko's
liquid liner in mocha and drawing in a
low cat eye it's not as perky as a
normal one so if anything we're just
kind of extending the eye lines so they
look a little bit bigger and wider give
your lashes a good squeeze I'm using
Shoom auras curler which i think works
best for Asian eyelids and then I'm
going in with Lancome seals booster and
I always apply this onto my little
lashes because they definitely plump
them up a lot more and make my lashes a
bit longer so as we wait for that
product dry I'm going to work on
chiseling the cheekbones and with a
dense brush I'm going to apply this
product by doing a mixture of little
circles and some general sweeping
motions to narrow down my sides it's
time for blush now and I'm using this
orange flash Coralie shade in this trio
and it looks crazy in the pan but when
you apply it it's very natural and adds
the perfect hint of Sunkist orange I'm
going to finish off the cheeks with my
favorite highlighter I'm going to sweep
it onto the highest point of my cheeks
and then a little bit on the nose for a
dewy and fresh look and by now the
primer should have dried so I'm using my
favorite mascara and applying it onto my
bottom lashes first I love using a
waterproof mascara because it holds a
curl a lot better and it doesn't
transfer onto my bottom lids which is
important when the weather is warm I'm
going to pop on some of that same
highlighter that we use on the cheeks to
the brow bone because I forgot earlier
and you can be finished here if you want
but I'm going to go that extra mile and
put on some falsies these are our Del's
demi whispies and i'm going to grab them
out using some tweezers and then apply a
lash bloom on to the band and wait
around 30 seconds for the glue to get a
little bit tacky so it applies a little
bit better and then using the tweezers
pop them onto your natural lashes and
don't worry if it gets a little bit
messy just wipe it off and proceed I'm
going in with my curler and gently
squeezing the lashes on to my natural
ends and it's just going to fuse them
all together so they're just one big
long lash I think putting on falsies is
kind of daunting at first but once you
do it over and over again it becomes a
lot simpler for my base I'm going to go
for a very natural nude shade by bite
and I'm going to apply it all over the
lips and you can leave it like this but
I'm going to go for a fun creamy orange
shade it just leaves your lips looking
really juicy and now you're done with a
look I'm probably going to be wearing
this whenever I have to be a little bit
more glammed up this is a really great
summer look because it doesn't come off
too heavy or intense but you'll just
look really
fresh dewy and sunkissed I hope you
enjoyed this makeup video and I'll see
you next time bye
