please
you
let's get out we can go someplace
hi today is Wednesday and I am at Santa
Monica beach with Ben he is over here
for two days so I thought we would go to
the beach because I don't think we've
ever had a date on the beach so we have
this nice speech towel that I bought at
Coachella and it's just cool using it
from a festival to a beach now
so me and Ben are going to have a little
picnic here got some wine sandwiches
strawberries the whole gist so yeah I'm
just going to lay out here hopefully I
get some color and oh it's just so
beautiful and serene here I'm so happy
you
everyone today we're all me and Donnie's
parties they I think it's better lying
to songs and so it's a great collection
of graphic tees and sweaters and they
book this amazing house in Beverly Hills
isn't it crazy yes do you think it's
quite nice here there's bar crowd
station there's got a stay on the food
truck there but DJ a lot going on I'm
super excited
I'm here the commissary with my show
Stephanie are having some lunch I'm
going to chow down real soon
we got chopped salad we got broccolini
and a book
just got our girl visa a burka and
Eppolito so cute yeah I even got some
stuff for myself cuz she goes oh boo hoo
your friend just up 2050 good morning
New York I am officially Here I am
speaking for a fine 29 at new front I
initially thought I was just going to
say a few words but looks like I'm gonna
be talking pretty nervous about that I
got my speaking points right now I hope
that it works out I got one chance to
say it so let's hope I memorize it by
the time I get there I'm staying at the
Trump Soho Hotel it's super nice
everything is very warm toned it's
really nice it feels really friendly I
much prefer a hotel room looking like
this then just absolutely sterile when a
hotel's too white or just one like clean
color it looks pretty scary at night or
I just kind of scared myself at night so
I'm really happy that this looks really
warm and inviting after today it's just
gonna be smooth sailin
so I just finished my segment at new
friends conference it was so
nerve-racking what I kept on saying in
my head was if I did mess up south end
of the world does really matter but I
did it so everything's good so now me
and set me we are in East Village right
we just ate at the house yeah it was
really really good shots
Eddie mom you need a box
today's my last day in New York I'm
heading to my first meeting so today is
just going to be a bunch of errands
networking you know it's pretty cool
today um yesterday was the day to wear
some shorts but definitely wearing a
jacket and some pants but I did wear
some fancy shoes because you know I
still want to look a little bit more put
together but yeah so then I head to my
first meeting and I'll update you next
you
