hey everyone it's me Jen and welcome
back to another round of favourites
April was a really great month for me
and for some reason I've got a lot of
fashion favorites this month so I'll
just get started right off the bat a
pair of shoes that I've been giving a
lot of love to has been these sandals
they're just really cute and comfortable
and they've been all over my Instagram
the platform makes it really easy to
walk in and they're really light so
they're not gonna weigh you down like
other heeled shoes and they're pretty
affordable too I think they're around
$30 which i think is a really great deal
for a shoe and I fell in love with these
shoes so much that I actually got it in
black as well
I felt like I really couldn't decide
between the nude and the black and I
knew that a shoe like this I would wear
throughout the warm season so what the
hell I got two pairs I've been rocking
from jewelry by a company called Alanna
and oh he's so amazing she's based in
London and her designs are just huh they
just feel like me and I just love when I
discover a brand and I look at the items
and I'm just like dude this is totally
my aesthetic and the first piece I loved
was this really cool molted horn
necklace it's got a fusion between
silver and gold and I really like the
fact that when I wear this necklace I
don't have to worry about matching
everything so specifically usually when
I have a silver piece like to have
everything silver including the hardware
in my purse but when I'm wearing this
necklace it doesn't really matter
because it's got gold and silver in it
then I have this really long pendant
necklace I believe it's kind of like a
compass of some sort but it's just a
really cool necklace it's really long it
goes past the blade button so it's
perfect to layer with or just to wear on
its own and these pieces are definitely
investment pieces but I've just gotten
to a point in my life where I don't
enjoy getting really fast and cheap
jewelry that's just gonna make the back
of my neck turn green or my fingers turn
green and now that summer is approaching
there's gonna be a lot of sweat and
sweat and cheap metal it just equates to
a green mess and so I'd rather just
avoid all that together and just get
some high-quality pieces that are gonna
last me more than just a season they're
gonna last
lifetime for my book favorite I have The
Handmaid's Tale by Margaret Atwood and
this isn't my first time reading this
the first time I read this I was around
14 or 15 this was my favorite English
teacher's favorite book and so when I
heard that I was like okay I definitely
have to read this and I remember really
enjoying it as a kid but I thought it's
been over a decade since I've read this
and so I wanted to revisit it to see if
there's any concepts that went over my
head or you know just to see if I select
it and I did this is an amazing book if
you're into dystopias or like a messed
up future this is gonna be right up your
alley this story takes place in a world
where men have all the power women
really have no say they're not even not
to read and this story follows a
character called Alfred and her role the
Society is a handmaid and so she
basically is assigned to one elite male
member and she has to have sex with him
to have a baby because for some reason
getting pregnant is really really hard
so a lot of people are infertile and so
that's why a rule like a handmaid even
exists and it's just really interesting
to see the world through her eyes
because you can see what it takes to be
trained as a handmaid and it's really
messed up there's a lot of themes about
victim shaming and what would happen if
women didn't take a stand for their
rights and so it's basically yeah just a
feminist nightmare it's awful just
warning this book does have sexual
things in it but it's not an erotic
novel it's not Fifty Shades of Grey I
swear I think it's a little bit far of
the mature mind but if you want to give
a crack at it you should definitely do
it
I think after reading a second time I
can safely say that this is one of my
favorite books when I went to Coachella
Birchbox gave me some beauty products to
review and by far my favorite has been
Arcos dry shampoo and no they're not
paying me to say this in my favorites
video I just use it throughout the month
and I genuinely loved it and I'm a freak
about dry shampoos dry shampoo is my
life because I do not like washing my
hair every single day
personally I prefer spray ones because I
find that they're more volumizing and
this does a really great job absorbing
the oils in your hair
it leaves minimal white cast
and it smells so amazing it just smells
really fresh and clean and it's it's
hard to describe exactly what it smells
like but it just has a really nice fresh
scent to it and the packaging is really
cute there's this really awesome desert
vibe to it and I just like the way it
looks when it's perched on my bathroom
shelves it's just really great all in
all it definitely goes onto my top three
dry shampoo lists it would be this
L'Oreal fresh dust and batiste but only
the fresh and queen scent because the
other ones look this smells just too
nauseating for me another accessory that
I've been wearing non-stop has been a
straw boater hat and you all know how
much I love my big brim hats and I
thought I would switch it up for the
spring and summer by incorporating a
straw one and these tacks were really
popular in 1920s by men people would
wear them during like a formal summer
day and now I think it's really great
that women and men can wear this hat and
just look dope this hat was a total
lifesaver at Coachella because during
the day it would block out the Sun and
at the night when I start getting a
little bit dusty I use this hat to
actually cover my face so I wouldn't
inhale as much dirt I'm it's safe to say
that inhaling dirt isn't good for your
lungs so this hat definitely minimized
that I've noticed that my skin has been
a lot more dry than usual and I think
it's because I moved from the bay to LA
and there's just not as much moisture in
the air down here and so my skin has
definitely been reacting to it and so
I've started to use glossy errs
Universal skin soft and it's been
amazing to apply my cuticles or little
rough patches on my hands and on my
knees and elbows it's a universal
formula so you can apply it everywhere
including your lips personally I think
it's a little bit too heavy to apply as
like a full-on hand cream like squeezing
it and like rubbing into your hands it's
a little bit too thick for that it's
more of like a spa treatment type of
thing um so it's amazing for that my
last favorite is something a little bit
different because it's actually a quote
that I discovered in April and it goes
like this worrying is a misuse of your
imagination I have always been the type
of person who worries a lot I stress out
a lot and I
I can't be the only person who feels
this way and I feel like as I got older
I've learned to kind of control it a
little bit better but it's definitely
still there it's always something that
I'm working on and trying to conquer but
you know some days are particularly
worse than other days and when I saw
this quote it just really resonated with
me because worrying about something
isn't going to help your situation it's
just gonna make it worse if anything
this quote has definitely helped me be a
lot more clear-headed and happier this
month because instead of focusing on
something so negatively I am now doing
something about it and I feel like it's
all about that last point that tipping
point that really pushes you the edge
and makes the ball go rolling and makes
you do something about your sadness
instead of just wallowing and worrying
about it and I don't know I just thought
I would put this out there because I
know I'm not the only one who struggles
through this so I thought maybe it could
potentially help someone else all right
so that wraps up my April favorites
thank you so much for tuning in and if
you haven't subscribed already please
subscribe the button is down below it
would mean a lot to me I hope you have
an amazing rest of your day and I'll see
you my next video bye MA
