hey everyone it's me Jen and today I'll
be styling stripes I'm pretty sure
everyone has at least one striped item
in their closet and if you don't I
highly recommend that you should because
you can really start with anything like
I'm going to show you in this video you
can go for something timeless by just
wearing on its own or you can kind of
work it up a little bit by adding some
funky accessories so without further ado
here is the first look this is my no
fuss out the door striped look this
dress has unofficially become my errand
running dress because I always wear it
when I'm in a rush it's really comfy but
I still look put together because I
rolled up the sleeves and I added a
heavy necklace to break apart the loose
silhouette and then I popped on my
bright blue Sunny's for a funky touch if
you're feeling more bold you can always
mix patterns this top is sheer so I wore
a strappy bralla underneath and I paired
it with this amazing a grid printed
skirt I think they're a match made in
heaven because both patterns are so
structured and geometric this is a
laid-back look since I added this adidas
hoodie and I love the writing on the
band I just think it looks really casual
and very street style I love wearing
matching sets so it's no surprise that I
have the striped little guy I love an
outfit that plays with colors so you're
automatically going to have a really
fresh and fun vibe from it I also love
that you have the freedom to wear these
pieces separately so you can maximize
your closet or if you have a best friend
each of you can wear a piece and you
guys can match
this is my final outfit and my personal
favorite I went out of my comfort zone
and I wore these really wide leg striped
pants and since the bottoms are so
statement I wore a blank white tank
which I layered with a beaded necklace I
can always use the extra height so I
wore my nude strappy heels and I topped
off the look with my straw boater all
right so I hope you enjoyed this little
lookbook I just wanted to put something
out before I headed to New York and I'm
going in for a conference
I will be snapchatting there my snapchat
username is Jen M snaps because someone
took I'm Jen and I was kind of bummed
out about that but that's life um so
yeah feel free to follow me for my New
York adventures I'm also you know snap
trying a little bit more just day-to-day
life so yeah if you're curious I have
hopped on the snapchat boat anyway I
hope you're doing really well
and I'll see you in my next video bye
