hey everyone it's Jen and today I'll be
doing the 3 minute makeup challenge I've
always considered myself relatively fast
at putting on makeup but I've never
actually timed myself so I thought today
would be a good day to do it so let's
start the timer No
all right I'm going to skip foundation
because I'm going to let my skin breathe
today so I'm going to just put on this
primer and I find that it's very
mattifying not going to forget the
under-eye circles so I'm going to put on
this eye brightener oh alright and then
I'm just gonna blend that sucker in just
gonna put it around my nose it's just
the same thing right alright and then to
make sure everything is not as shiny
gonna put powder on the t-zone okay now
we're gonna do brows they take the
longest to do about two minutes and a
couple seconds left like talking makes
this whole process even more hectic so
I'm just gonna shut up for a second and
you can hear the lovely construction in
the background oh my gosh like I don't
have a lot of brows I'm doing a lot of
drawing in oh okay Wow okay don't have
that much time so just gonna blend that
in oh I think they're they're totally
uneven but they don't look that crazy on
camera so okay happy too picky okay
going to do the eye shadow now gonna put
on this creamy eyeshadow stick dry and
then I'm gonna put on some regular cream
or this cream shade eyeshadow not a
cream stick wow you just really say some
random crap when you're stressed out
okay now I'm gonna go in with my girl
Stephanie's
I'm going to get this nice mauve color
and then I'm just going to bloom that on
the outside of the crease the other
thirds of my eyes okay forgot forget a
liner so gonna skip that uh give my
eyelashes and I squeeze mascara okay God
well I'm doing okay on time
waterproof mascara for thin lashes make
some perk up a little bit all right I'm
gonna go for bronzer huh okay oh man
I'm literally just rubbing this on the
side of my face okay okay that's good
all right
ah okay oh God forgot to bring my
eyeshadow or my blush brush so I'm just
gonna put some highlighter on without
I'm just gonna use I'm just print I'm
just gonna pretend that my bronzer is a
blush and then Oh lipstick oh my god I
think I can do this guy's my screen
turned black feel I don't know oh okay
oh my alarm is actually quite soothing
oh right okay well let's just pretend
that I finish finish my lipstick oh snap
oh I think I would definitely go on in
public like this I don't think it's too
crazy yeah yeah my eyebrows are kind of
uneven but I feel like they're always
kind of uneven so nothing new oh my gosh
my knee pits are so sweaty
is that weird I feel like I don't really
sweat on the underarms as much as I do
like this part of my knee like this
crevice gets real sweaty when I'm
nervous or just when my senses are
heightened or something but just my knee
pits are just drenched right now this
challenge is pretty old so I don't know
who has already done it but I guess I'll
just do that research and then I'll just
put everyone that I tagged here and yeah
if you want to do it feel free to do so
it definitely will be the fastest three
minutes of your life its Sawyer if you
enjoyed the video hits like button leave
me some love in the comments box and
I'll
you my next video by
