all right it is day one of Coachella
it is Friday I'm super excited and I'm
here because Birchbox sent me this year
and I'm so excited to be attending
Coachella for the second time so first
box gave me a couple of products to try
out each day and today I tried out hoola
sunscreen it's SPF 30 which i think is
definitely out of quit for this hot
weather so I put it on my face after I
cleansed and toned my face and I used it
as my moisturizer and it's only been an
hour but I mean it's pretty good so far
but I'll keep you updated on if it
settles weird or if it does anything to
my foundation so we'll see how it goes
I think the first band we're gonna see I
Coachella is probably Interpol so yeah I
saw until 7 o'clock so the daytime will
be filled with a party we're going to
the Soho House for Coach
we are finished with the coach backstage
party it was awesome
I feel like we had enough drinks and we
had enough food so we meal all the birds
yeah ha ha ha
the lamb chops aw that was so good it
was delicious heart yeah now we're gonna
head out to the festival it's awesome
we're gonna see DJ snake the order and
fly low and ac/dc and by the way I think
the sunscreen is looking good what do
you think is it messy of my foundation
at all no no your skin was flawless I
woke up I didn't know we do know a girl
earlier that no I tried very hard to God
be awesome
hi everyone welcome to day two to
Coachella Wow last night was insane
wasn't it yeah we got stranded at the
festival because the uber and taxi line
was insane I guess three hours to get
home Jerry the driver pulled through
January Wow amazing we are at the
revolve event
it's so awesome there are tacos all our
friends are here it's so nice I wanna
talk about the look everyone's in my
eyes I'm wearing all of Smashbox
exposure palette I'm using this awesome
copper color and it's so beautiful
I'm loving I think it's a lot more
ethereal
it is the last day day 3 of Coachella
today is probably the most exciting day
for me because all the acts I want is
here today yesterday we just saw class
animals and a little bit of alt-j that
was sick and then we had to go straight
to new young carnival today I am trying
out the benefit gimme brow eyebrow gel
and I basically just kind of brush it
over my hairs just to keep it a little
bit more tamed I really like it I'm
using the medium to dark one and I just
think it just defines my eyebrows a
little bit better and right now I'm on
day two hair so I sprayed some dry
shampoo from Armco and it's pretty
awesome it smells amazing and the
packaging is divine and I feel like it's
doing a pretty good job of my hair today
so I'm pretty stoked about that me and
Stephanie are about to get brunch right
now and then to the festival so yeah
Sunday we're going strong
step right here know how to braid in a
party
and this is the day we were looking for
- yeah yeah for sure yeah most
definitely
I'm so high protest
bring out with it
