hey welcome back I can't believe this is
the ninth what would Jenna wear it's
pretty insane most of you guys know the
drill but for those who are just tuning
in this is a segment of my channel where
you tweet me your fashion dilemma and I
try my best to answer it so let's get
started the first tweet comes from
Danielle and she asks who's your
favorite fictional character and how
would you dress like them if you wanted
to channel them I have a lot of favorite
fictional characters but if I had to
just pick one right now it would be
bubbles from the Powerpuff Girls
she was the sensitive one she was always
kind of crying and freaking out at
stressful situations but in the end she
always pulled it off and saved the world
with her sisters so I mean props to her
I feel like it's something that we could
all relate to because who hasn't freaked
out at a high pressure situation you
know her character always wore a baby
blue dress with the black stripe on it
and I made it a lot more wearable by
having this dress and cardigan
combination I'm wearing the same color
palette as bubbles and bubbles is always
wearing white tights but I didn't want
to you know go that route so I wore
these white ankle socks and paired it
with these black people Mary Janes
I think it's pretty spot-on and of
course she always has her little
pigtails so I went for a lowered version
of it and there we have it a modern-day
bubbles next up we have Sarah Lynn and
she asks I'm loving the harness slash
garter trend especially for festival
season but how do I pull it off without
looking to bondage II I'm right there
with you with the Garter trend I have a
pair of myself and these are my favorite
ones and one way that I really like to
style them is by pairing it with softer
fabrics like lace or knit or something I
find that it just balances out the
intense and bold effect that a garter or
a harness can have so yeah fabrics like
lace linen gauze that kind of stuff it
usually detracts from the bondages side
of the Garter and harness next up what
would you wear to a day at the library
thanks the library is always freezing
even in summertime so I would just wear
a long big sweater dress it's going to
keep you warm in that freezing library
and help you really hone in on your
studies and for shoes I just went for
these pointed lace-up flats because I
just thought it really spruced up the
knit dress and made it look a lot more
young the next question is from klutzy
nerd what would you wear for formal
attire shoes and pants especially for
internships without looking like you
stole your mom's clothes this is my
formal attire outfit for an internship
and I tried my best to make it look
young the formal side comes from the
dark blazer and the gray button-down and
I don't think it's too stuffy because
it's got a nice low collar so I think it
makes it a little bit more current too
for pants I kept it hip and appropriate
with the slick moto skinnies
I think denim is way too casual so a
material like this is a really great way
to keep her edge in an office setting
for shoes I just went for a really
comfortable black boot and I kept it
nice and fresh by putting my hair up in
a ponytail and formal attire is
definitely not my forte I just want to
say that out loud so this question was
definitely a challenge I mean I wouldn't
really know what to wear an office
setting because never worked in an
office so I don't know I think it really
depends I think if you're working for
like a startup you can wear something
that's a lot more casual than this but
if you're I don't know working in
accounting maybe this is something that
would work I don't know what do you guys
think the last question comes from Viva
X a prolong the morning and warms up in
the afternoon
what would Jen wear this is something
that I dealt a lot with when I was going
to school because I would have classes
in the morning and I'd be standing
outside and be really cold and then by
the afternoon I would just be freaking
hot because the Sun would burn up all
the clouds and it would just you know
shine its heat so this is a perfect
outfit that I would wear on that
occasion I used the funnel as a piece of
outerwear first but when it's just warm
up you can just tie it around your waist
or even just stuff in your backpack you
don't have to worry about it it's a
really thin material so you don't have
to be weighed down by it and the same
goes with the beanie when it's cold just
pop it on but once it starts heating up
just take the beanie off and shove it in
your purse or something underneath I'm
wearing a Python printed shirt which I
thought looked really great with the
flannel I really like mixing fabrics and
patterns and seeing how they turn out
and this combination was one of my
favorites I wore a black leathers
because color is a really insulating
fabric it's going to keep your bits down
they're warm but when the Sun comes out
your legs will still be exposed so
you're not going to be too hot so that's
it for this episode if you would like to
be featured in the next voyage unware
feel free to tweet me at I'm Jen M with
your fashion question and make sure you
use the hashtag WWJ w so I can find it
so yeah if you enjoyed it make sure you
give it a thumbs up and I will see you
in my next video bye
you
