what's good folks I'm back with another
favorites video so let's just knock them
all out right now you all know I can't
form a favorites video without including
the lip color and last month I was all
about makeup forever a soft apricot and
it's just a really beautiful shade of
peach and coral which i think is perfect
for the springtime if you've always been
a little bit timid about trying a coral
shade I think this color is a really
good introduction for you because it's
got the cool undertones in it to balance
everything out and I find that the
formula is quite hydrating as well it's
not gonna leave your lips feeling lost
shovels and raisin like and so that's
why I really like it we all know how
important SPF is and I feel like a lot
of people forget to apply stamp on their
lips and I've been getting a lot of sun
exposure since moving to LA and I even
got a freckle on my lip and I hope it's
okay so that's what kind of moved me to
get a SPF lip balm and last month I
tried out Marc Jacobs lip balm and I
absolutely loved it
first off the packaging is so sleek and
we take off the cap I should have to
twist it so I just think that's I don't
know a nice little touch and it just
feels quite secure because you have to
twist it on it doesn't have that greasy
and waxy feeling that some lip balms can
have so that's why I've been really
enjoying it it just feels really
luxurious and lavish on the lips and
obviously you don't need a splurge like
I did and get a Marc Jacobs lip balm but
I just wanted to kind of put it out
there that you should probably get a lip
balm with SPF in it now that summer is
approaching a lot of you guys know this
but I went to London to visit my
boyfriend Ben and I even blogged while
there so you can check out the vlog
right here if you want to watch it one
of the things that me and bettan love to
do is just lounge around and watch
English television for a while my guilty
pleasure was dinner day and I've met up
with esday and I told her that and she
basically said that I needed to watch
Come Dine With Me and it was probably
the best recommendation I had all of
last month because it pretty much
consumed my life I'd like to see one
episode while I was over there but the
obsession grew once I came back to the
United State
they have full episodes on YouTube I
just type in come down with me full
episodes UK and they have just a ton of
them that people just ripped from the TV
and post it on YouTube but basically I
just kind of leave it on or whatever I
am doing my makeup or I wash the dishes
or going to bed the show is about four
contestants and they all have to host a
dinner party and at the end of the
dinner party each contestant has to rate
help a dinner party wet and the person
with the high score gets a thousand
pounds as their prize and yeah it's
definitely not some sort of in-depth
show it's not something that's gonna
leave you with a lesson in life or
anything it's just something that I
thought was really awesome because it
shows people of all walks of life and
I'm crossing my fingers that no one's
judging me that I enjoy this show
because I do enjoy hi produced
television programs like Game of Thrones
Breaking Bad house of cards you know all
that jazz but come down with me has a
very special place in my heart I don't
think I've ever included a hairstyle my
favorite so this may be the first but
recently I've been really into just
having two pigtails with hair out in the
front that I curl it's been all over my
Instagram all over my look books and the
only reason why I've been doing it is
because sometimes I get lazy and I don't
feel like curling my entire head it's a
really sweet and innocent look that goes
with any outfit in my opinion whether
it's edgy or elevated it's just quick
and you're not damaging your hair too
much because you're only focusing on the
front sections I got a new case to my
math book last month because I was kind
of wanting a change from my teal one
it's cute but sometimes you just want
something new and I ordered this
gorgeous marble case and when I ordered
it from the website it just came as a
sticker so obviously I slapped that onto
the front of my macbook but I went on
Amazon and got a separate plastic clear
case because sometimes I bump my macbook
into things or god forbid I spill
something that would be the worst but
just I just wanted more coverage so I
got a separate plastic case that I just
slapped on I really enjoy when my
belongings look nice because I just find
that I'm more productive when they do
but either way I will put a link to both
of the things in the description box so
check it out
ever since I moved into my LA place one
of the biggest issues was storage
I didn't realize how good I had it in
Oakland because my whole place had
storage units built into the closet like
jours and little hooks to put your
necklaces and belts but since moving
here I don't have that so I'm starting
from scratch and I ordered four of these
glam boxes because they fit perfectly
into this little gold stand that I have
I honestly couldn't have planned it
better but they fit so perfectly and it
just looks so nice they are very high
quality sturdy pieces and I think their
best in the market and you can obviously
put other things in there like makeup or
maybe art supplies anything that you
want but for now it's just sunglasses
and jewelry so those are my March
favorites unfortunately I don't have any
book or film recommendations because I
wasn't really inspired by anything that
I read or saw I did read on the road by
Jack Kerouac but I was it wasn't my
favorite it definitely was my favorite
and although I'm glad that I read a
literary classic it just doesn't doing
it for me it just felt really like loose
or free and just kind of all over the
place I wasn't attached to any of the
characters but I do respect it as its
own form of art anyway I'm not sure how
this suddenly became a book review but I
just wanted to let you know my thoughts
if you were interested in any of the
items or things I talked about in this
video please open the description box
because I will put the links in there
thank you so much for watching and I
will see you in my next video bye
