since spring is officially here it's
time to bust out those legs and start
soaking in some Sun I paired this cute
white knit dress with the long brown
duster to get a relaxed and layered
effect I was feeling a little earthy so
I decided to accessorize with this
fringe bohemian necklace and I think it
just really grounds the look next up is
another breezy outfit and instead of
going for the usual black and white
color palette I added olive to the mix
with this easy trench coat underneath
I'm wearing this amazing geometric print
top and I balanced out the flowing
material with these heavy up leather
shorts I'm getting the most wear out of
them now because I think I might get too
sweaty for them during the summer
the color blush is really starting to
grow on me when I saw this blush
turtleneck I knew I had to grab my hands
on it it structured ribbed and super
comfy for the bottoms I went for a skirt
sike they're actually a pair of shorts
so you don't have to worry about having
a Marilyn moment I finished off the
outfit with some sexy black mules this
is something I'd wear on a night out
dancing it's flashy Itzler tee but still
really tasteful the top has some subtle
shoulder pads giving it a powerful punch
and I layered too chunky chains for some
edge they also complement the metallic
material on the skirt which makes it all
coordinate I think this outfit is
probably my favorite the white tee and
blue jeans combo is fail-proof so if
you're in a fashion rut you might want
to try and go back to the basics I'm
wearing a super soft white tank and I
did this little half tuck into these
amazing ripped up boyfriend jeans I love
things with wear and tear and these
jeans definitely check all those boxes
so that wraps up my spring lookbook if
you're interested in any of the pieces
I'll put the links in the description
box and all the famila pieces officially
shipped to the United States now so
that's freaking awesome if you're living
in the States you can definitely get
your hands on some familial gear if you
enjoyed the video hit the like button
and also comment down below which outfit
you draw I'd love to know and other than
that I hope you have a wonderful Monday
and I'll see you in a couple days bye
