morning I'm officially in Shoreditch I'm
here visiting my boyfriend Ben for six
or five days so not that long but got to
make it work we're in a long-distance
relationship so the back and forth is
totally worth it me and Ben just had
this huge brunch we got pancakes with
bacon on top got a full English
breakfast got some granola with dried
fruit so we definitely indulged and
speaking of brunch I did a skit with
diet pepsi in the platform where we did
a bunch of scenarios that happen at
brunch a lot of the platform girls
including candy Johnson teni ray-ray
shameless Maya a bunch of us girls did a
little skit and my skit is about that
friend so it's a scenario where you
think you know someone vice-versa but
you're too polite to say like where you
knew that person so yeah it'll make more
sense if once you watch the clip so I'll
put a link down here and in the
description box so check it out if you
want to see it so today is gonna be full
of activities I'm meeting up with a
bunch of friends
I'm meeting Sta a que se button who's
one of my favorite vloggers I've been
watching her since I don't know since
even when I was in Davis and were we
really connected on a level because she
was talking about being homesick and I
was very homesick when I first moved to
college so we had that bond and then
after I'm gonna meet with yanan aka I
dress myself
aka pretty sickly she goes by a number
of handles I think those were the only
two but yeah she's got amazing style she
has like a full sleeve tattoo and she
just dresses really cool I'm really
excited to meet her as well
so I'm gonna put on my shoes and I'm
gonna meet Estee because it's almost
1:45
ah
Rep Ace Hotel we just had dinner
no like lunch very healthy stuff Yayo
and quinoa yup just calling your uber
mostly man up it's gonna work
we are going to suffocate that's right
it's on the east coast of England we've
got about three more hours to go and
there's lots of traffic yes very excited
yeah it's by the beach so I get to
experience what an English beach is like
I'm assuming very cool I'm gonna still
try and dip my toes in even if it means
that to wear a sweater and a turtleneck
waiting to see and the lollies
everything hello it is the first
official day in Suffolk and we came last
night super late Ben and I were the
first to arrive so the house was really
dark and scary I was pitch black but we
managed to turn on the lights make it
feel homey turn on the TV put some music
on and yeah and everyone came everyone
got here safe and sound and we had a
little party last night it was great and
then this morning we're off to a great
start Fraser and psy made the most
delicious breakfast
it was sweet potato hash browns with
poached egg on top halloumi on the side
is so delicious we're going to walk to
the beach because it's like a five
minute walk unfortunately it is very
cloudy a little bit of drizzle but
that's England for you
you
you
Oh
Cheers
pajamas because we've all given up on
looking Nikon yeah I know buddy what are
you making
our attention got some chorizo here as
the spanish research we thought do you
even know we got some of this to go
without some avocado tomatoes in
coriander cilantro to their feet their
lines on pepper got some final to
destroy it past those lovely scrambled
eggs but spinach
