hey everyone welcome back today I'll be
doing a furniture a slash home goods
haul as you know I moved into my new la
place the beginning of the year so I've
collected a lot of great friendship bits
and I've picked out some things from
Lulu and Georgia so I thought I'd share
first up I've got this armchair this is
one of my favorite pieces around the
house because it's the perfect chair to
kind of curl up and read a book or play
with my iPad and I positioned this chair
right in front of the window because I
think the window is a really stimulating
place there's a lot of things going on
there's construction there's people
walking and I get a gorgeous view of the
sunset every day and it's something that
helps me wind down right now I'm on the
hunt for a little side table to put next
to it is it a side table or maybe like a
low bar stool because I want to be able
to put a little plant there so that way
it kind of partitions the place off as a
specific area in the house that makes
sense
next up I've got these gold mirror trays
that come in a set of two and they have
a bit of weight to them so there's
sturdy little guys and you can pretty
much display anything that you want you
can do perfume or like me I've placed it
on my coffee table and I just store all
my remote controls and candles in there
I just think it's a really great way to
organize your space and keep it
decorative I think it's little details
like this that keep her house really put
together like most people I love when
there's a candle burning whenever I'm
home but I've only really collected
candles that smell really sweet like
cake or you know vanilla not that I'm
complaining I love that smell but I
think I was looking for something that
was a little bit more interesting and
herbal and so this amber and moss candle
really filled that void for me this
candle smells so good it's really warm
herbal a little bit masculine think of
like an earthy Cologne I have a big
couch it's massive and I was in
desperate need of some decorative
pillows and since it's like a beige
suede any color on the color wheel was
fair game but I just kind of played it
safe and went for this black old white
printed pillow it's got a bit of sass
because of the gold foiling on the print
I just think it's a really great way to
have a little bit of flash a full-length
mirror is a must
in any bedroom because how else are you
gonna do that final check of your outfit
you know you want to make sure
everything looks good to you and so now
I get to you know do an outfit check
with this gorgeous mirror I knew I had
to have it after I saw the top of a
mirror it's got this really amazing
baroque wiry bit that just towers over
my house I love that this mirror brings
even more light to my house because it
reflects the skyline and bounces it back
to my house and I just think it's a
really beautiful high-quality piece and
I love it I kind of touched on this
before but I would say that the overall
view in my house is industrial and meets
rustic I love that they're both from the
opposite ends of the spectrum but when
you combine them together it just looks
really seamless and I thought that this
lamp would be a great way to add a
little bit more of an earthy element to
my place and in case I get sick of the
whole straw vibe I can always switch it
out and I love that I have that option I
love being able to stay versatile and
flexible with my space also on my
bedside table is the chic charging
station it's this little ceramic piece
that is in the shape of an old-school
telephone and you get your charging
cable and you just slip it inside the
hole and then it just pops up your phone
while it charges it the dock also
amplifies any sound that comes out of
your phone so whether you get a text or
someone who calls you or the alarm goes
off it's just extra loves so you're
always alert and aware and I love that
so those are all my rueland Georgia home
pieces I will put the link to everything
I mentioned in description box including
a promo code in case you find anything
that you like on this site the site is
awesome there's amazing products in
there from pillows dishes little chairs
everything you could imagine for your
home it's there and it's cute so if
you're in the midst of kind of revamping
your space I think Lulu and Georgia
would be a great option for you thank
you so much for watching and I'll see
you the next video bye
