hey what's up I'm back music festival
season is approaching and I am super
excited because I'll be going to
Coachella this will be my second time so
I kind of know what to expect now and so
that's why I created a lookbook of five
different outfits so here we go the
first look is all about comfort and
functionality which is why everything is
loose and relaxed
I did a Semites help with this camisole
in these baggy distressed denim jeans
the busted holes are going to except you
cool and a comfy pair of chucks are
gonna keep you dancing throughout the
day and night during Coachella there are
several parties that happen so this
outfit is for that girl who's dressed
the nines and ready to chat up a storm I
paired this dark floral printed top with
some cream shorts for a tropical
paradise vibe I chucked all my
belongings in a cute little fringe bag
and I find that the movement adds a nice
touch with every strut you make I
slipped into some mules because they're
kind of like the elevated version of a
flip-flop
music festivals can be boiling hot so
this is a great breezy outfit to keep
you from sweating all your makeup off
this off-the-shoulder
open knit top will keep you cool and
you'll even get a nice tan on your
shoulders I wanted to add a touch of
color so I went for these cute tie-dye
shorts with some sequin touches
personally I wear tall platforms to all
music festivals I go to or else I can't
see the act I'm pretty short so the
height helps me a lot
here's another lightweight outfit that's
gonna keep you movin and groovin
but without overheating I was
immediately drawn to this fringe top
because of the color and the material
it's buttery soft suede that feels
amazing on the skin I kept it
interesting by adding this printed skirt
and clipped on a decorative belt for
some bling I went for some closed toe
boots and some silver hoops as my final
touches
you can't go wrong with the little
floral dress this little guy is super
comfy that's light and breathable and
you can throw on some black lace shorts
underneath if you want some more
coverage I wore a big broomed hat to
buck out the Sun and I wore my signature
boots I hope you enjoyed the video
I thought collaborating with red Suns
would be the perfect idea because their
aesthetic really captures the whole
music festival vibe they've got a lot of
Fringe as you can see and just a bunch
of lightweight materials all the product
links will be in the description box so
hit that open and if you're gonna
Coachella weekend one and you see me
please do not be shy to say what's up
because I would love to meet you if
you're also attending comment down below
and let me know who you're excited to
see on lineup I hope you guys have a
wonderful day and I'll see you my next
one bye
ma
