I'm officially at the YouTube space in
New York and this place is a lot
different than the one in LA I feel like
the architecture is a lot more funky
here but it's cool there's a bunch of
stages where all the designers are going
to present their designs and I'm really
excited there's five of them I believe
and I'll be interviewing them about
topics about the 90s and then I'm gonna
do like a fantasy Hall so this is all
gonna be on refinery29 youtube channel
so you can check that out when it's out
now I'm back at the hotel and the pixi
market crew is gonna come over in 45
minutes
to do another video segment it's a
secret project that we're working on and
I'm really excited to see how it turns
out it's gonna be me and I think six
other bloggers so the video should be
cool but first things first dinner
everyone I'm officially at Lincoln
Center
I'm here with tide and it's pretty
awesome I'm so happy and grateful that
I'm able to attend again it's really
cold and I think our first designer I'm
gonna see is Nicole Miller I've never
seen her work so I'm really stoked to
see what she's all about and then we're
using Charlotte Ronson who I love
