everyone it's Jen and today I'll be
styling the tricky jogger they're
essentially a souped-up sweat pant but
instead of looking like you crawls out
of bed in your pajamas
you're gonna look really put together
and fresh and I know a lot of us live in
different climates so I've styled three
different joggers for three different
climates if you live in a place like Los
Angeles it's always warm so here is an
outfit that's suitable for that
temperature I picked on a pair of breezy
joggers and they have a bohemian vibe to
it because of the print and I celled it
with a white perforator top because it's
a foolproof combo you know me I love
pairing white tops with really loud
bottoms because I feel like they just
balance each other out to add more shape
I've included this thin belt to help
cinch the waist and because I'm sure I'm
wearing some tall nude heels to balance
out the badness from the joggers and
there we have it a great funky outfit
that you can wear for warm places now
let's drop the temperature down a bit
and create an outfit for those who are
living and you know tough Brit winters
it's not freezing but you definitely
need to wear a long sleeve these joggers
on the thicker side so they're going to
help block out a cold breeze and I
decided to wear it with the tight
blacktop since the joggers are a little
bit more chunky I thought this blue and
yellow gem necklace would be the perfect
touch to add some color into the mix and
finally I went for a sexy strappy heel
to make this outfit a lot more elegant I
think this is a fantastic edgy outfit
for those who are wanting to make a
statement for those experiencing a true
winter this outfit is for you i styled
my outfit around these white pleather
joggers and these are really great to
wear with with those heat tech leggings
from Uniqlo they've retained so much
heat and because you've got two layers
going on it's going to help keep you
warm I went for a bold all-white moment
for the inner layers and broke it all
apart by wearing this warm fuzzy vest
with a long black coat I actually wore
this vest in coat combo while I was in
New York for Fashion Week and it did a
killer job keeping my core warm
I wanted to streamline my legs so I
slipped into these intense white
platforms and to keep your toes extra
warm I suggest you wearing a really
thick and warm sock so that's a wrap
I've walked you through three looks for
three different climates I apologize in
advance for those who are experiencing a
cold
winter than what I've displayed here I
think at that point it's a little bit
too cool for joggers so you're gonna
want to wear a thicker pan either way
thank you so much for watching and I'll
see you in the next one bye
