everyone it's me I graduated college
almost two years ago now and my life has
changed drastically since then and it's
not what I expected so I thought that I
would share some of the changes that
have happened since I was a student to
the adults that I am today before I
start I wanted to give a bit of context
for those who are just tuning in I
graduated at UC Davis with a
communication degree and here the things
that have changed since June 2013 I'm
slowly learning to be a lot more vocal
and ask more questions and it's a harder
process than you think because growing
up I was a really quiet person in class
I never rose my hand unless there was a
participation point involved if it
wasn't part of the grade I wouldn't say
anything
it took me into my senior year of
college for me to feel okay with going
to your professors office hours and even
writing an email to a TA or professor
would give me so much anxiety I wasn't
even in front of them and I would get so
nervous when I was first starting out
full-time with YouTube I had to deal
with a lot of calls and meetings emails
back and forth and just this process
would give me a lot of anxiety to the
point where I would just be profusely
sweating behind my laptop now that I've
been getting in the swing of things for
a couple of years I feel okay with it
and aside from the butterflies in the
stomach I am okay with a meeting a call
emails or a breeze it's a piece of piss
I never thought I would get to this
point but I've learned that when you do
something every single day you learn how
to conquer it having an open
conversation with whoever you're working
with is so important because when you're
clear there are less room for mistakes
unless you're planning to go to grad
school or you've majored in engineering
or a hard science your major is not
really going to dictate what you do in
the future as your career I feel like my
major kind of helped me but not
massively because since I went to a UC
we focus more on theory as opposed to
things that are hands-on a lot of my
friends who have graduated with a BA are
kind of like me who are kind of doing
something that involves our major but
not really for example I've got some
friends who have majored in psychology
but instead of becoming psychologists
they're now managing a small division at
room despite me admitting this I do not
regret going to college because I've
learned so much about myself I've
learned how to work under pressure I've
learned to be able to look at a set of
problems and give my everything to try
and solve it obviously you can learn
these skills without going to a college
but I've learned that these are the
skills that develop most for me while I
was attending and not only did I kind of
develop a fierce work ethic I learned so
much about the world I was really lucky
in the sense that I finished all my
communication requirements early but I
sought to fill up my upper division
units but I took classes like history of
photography history of fashion people
the Arctic urban hip-hop in America when
I was going to these classes I thought
like what am I gonna do this formation
but turns out they work really well at
parties when you're going to events and
you're talking to people these facts
kind of come in handy when you're having
a conversation don't be bashful or shy
about your talents because if you don't
sell yourself no one is so you have to
know what your strengths are not only
for your client or your boss you need to
learn them for yourself
for example I've learned that one of my
strengths is my punctuality and I know
it seems pretty easy just showing up on
time but actually a lot of people can't
do this and I've learned that my peers
respect me a lot more because I'm always
on time for a meeting a call I always
put in my work exactly in the due date
because that's what I learned from
school you know if you don't turn in
your work on time you get an S and I
take my due dates very seriously it's so
important for you to constantly work on
yourself and to become more confident in
what you do because if you don't hustle
hard enough there's gonna be ten other
people who are gonna steal that job from
you ah summer vacation was something
that I really looked forward to when I
was growing up even if also going to
summer school I'd be like yeah I've got
some free time nope now a season is just
another season your vacation time is
when you plan it so you have to be
active on figuring out when you're going
to relax for a while when people would
ask me what I did for a living I would
just be really brief and short about it
and be like yeah I make the videos
online and it caused people to think
that I was unemployed which is
definitely not the case because as a
youtuber I work very hard a lot of
youtubers work really hard but they
don't get the credit they deserve
because it
is an unconventional job but now I can
stand here and say that I'm a proud
content creator and I'm especially happy
that I'm able to make a living out of
doing something that I am head over
heels for take pride in what you do even
if you're just starting out or you're
trying to make it work because people
are drawn to passion and drive and the
more work you put into it and the more
happy and proud of something that you do
I find that there are more opportunities
that way because people are just driven
to this positivity the school system has
taught me how to follow and abide by
rules because the professor would give
you a paper and it would have all the
requirements you needed to get a certain
grade and looking back at it I almost
miss knowing exactly what to expect
because in life there are no grades
you'll know when you've nailed something
but there is no template for example
there have been tons of videos where I
put my heart and soul into it thinking
that I'm gonna get a great payoff but
when I release it sometimes they get a
subpar or even a negative response and
I'm just kind of like what the hell
happened it's kind of like when you
study for a test and you think you did
well we ended up getting a C on it
except for this time there is no grade
sheet explaining what went wrong it's
just something that you have to get used
to some things are going to be a hit
some things are going to be a miss but
the most important thing is to learn
from it and continue on to the next
project with grace I was under the
impression that once I graduated school
my stress levels would go down because
there no more essays no more deadlines
you know just no more pressure like that
anymore but no stress levels are the
same if anything I'm a little bit more
stressed now because there is no finish
line there's no semesters there's no
more quarters work is always a
continuous flow now you're always going
to find something to stress out about
but the point is to learn how to control
entertainment it's something and I
struggle with I've stressed out all the
time but I've learned that exercise
running a couple miles helps me out and
scheduling my day helps me out either
way if you're stressed out you are not
alone meeting people and making a good
introduction has never been more
important and as much as I hate this
quote it's not what you know it's who
you know there is some truth in
to that because the people of the power
to give you projects in the positions
that you want they need to know who you
are in order for them to give it to you
and I found that the easiest way to make
a good impression with someone is to
remember their name
I know super obvious but think about it
when you're at like a crazy cocktail
event or a PR event it's harder my
backgrounds name it really is it's kind
of like a little mind game there has
been one trick that has helped me a lot
to remember people's names and I learned
it from Michael Scott of Dunder Mifflin
and it's his mnemonic system so let's
say I mean a woman named Lilly and she's
wearing a pink dress I'll tie in the
pink dress with her name and say pink
like Lilly pink like Lily over and over
again and now when I see her pink dress
I'll be like Oh pink like a lily and
then I'll be like hey Lilly nice to see
you again
if I went back in time and told 2010 gen
that the channel would evolve into
something like this I definitely would
not have believed it because sometimes I
have trouble kind of understanding how
my life became like this it's literally
so surreal when I first started this
channel I was really lost I was going to
a community college I was working at a
smoothie shop and the only passion I had
was in style and so this channel was a
way for me to creatively express myself
and put something out in the universe
because at that point I felt so little
and I felt so unimportant I'm moving
back to Los Angeles has really made the
contrast between 2010 me and 2015 me a
lot more apparent and I never would have
thought that I would be able to sustain
myself doing something that I am nuts
about because I love doing this so thank
you for those who've supported me
throughout the years or even if you just
tuned in thank you for being here now
and you guys are everything and I never
ever forget that I'm here because of you
so there you have it some life lessons I
learned after college and I just want to
make this message when you find
something that you are crazy about and
you love to do you have to share it with
the world
and it doesn't have to be a huge
platform like YouTube share it with your
friends in a group message or something
because talent and passion need to be
shared and you'll never know what will
happen because of it or the
opportunities you'll get
or even the self-fulfillment you'll have
by expressing it to the world if you'd
like to share the things that you
learned after college or even a story of
how you've learned to find your passion
please leave a comment down below
because I love it when the comments
section becomes a discussion that is
supportive and helpful if you like this
video feel free to give it a thumbs up
and I will see you the next video
