that was 21 hours of travel hello
everyone so I don't think I did a proper
introduction yet I want to cruise with
Thea by sorry we're doing a photo shoot
for them they're basically a Thai label
and they've got the most amazing clothes
super intricate very womanly you get to
go on a cruise because that's where they
wanted the setting to be young and I
wrapped up my three looks like maybe 20
minutes ago and now me and Stephanie are
going to celebrate with a drink
hey everyone welcome to day two on the
cruise right now we are going to get
some lunch and stephanie has her mermaid
photoshoot she's got this gorgeous dress
oh there it is Jake
we had a wonderful breakfast in the
morning we had a really relaxing one we
spent it in the balcony again and saw
the sunrise it was really nice yeah I
guess I can film the lunch buffet for
you guys it's really overwhelming there
are a lot of little booths but it's like
it's strange like you go there and
you're like well there's a lot of food
but then everything just kind of tastes
the same we'll see I'll take you along
to the buffet Doh cuz it's pretty tight
I am here at lunch by myself because
that actually could make it will get
head to the shoot to get in hair done
but I came to the lunch buffet and I
thought someone got a random mix
surprising bugs and broccoli that's it
chow mein Malka tofu and that's it papa
tofu is my favorite but this one I just
need a little salt in it and it is right
as rain basically are really soft tofu
dish and it's a spicy and they supposed
to fit it over rice but I just on its
own it's just as good it is very windy
I'm officially in Malaysia we're
actually on set for Stefanie shoe we're
on this kind of boardwalk
like a stone boardwalk but yeah it
should be really cool mermaid vibes for
sure
currently she is behind as a tree ha I
definitely gotten a tan which I'm happy
about not gonna be even but
whatever the whole crew is here working
hard hey everyone
keep hustling she modeling so we switch
locations around the mini-golf Court now
arcade was cool but it didn't really I'm
not the obvious all blocks that jaded
yeah good morning it is or I guess good
afternoon it is our last day on the
cruise and today is our free and easy
day absolutely no obligations which is
nice had lunch by the balcony again
definitely indulging on this trip the
only concrete plan we have today is
dinner we've got a farewell dinner and
it's gonna be a telling place so that
should be really delicious me and
Stephanie are getting a coffee right now
what did you get
then I got the iced americano should be
good we just filmed my outfits you can't
go wrong with the scenery no either
Oh show beautiful we just got back to
our rooms and Joseph our room attendant
was so lovely and made us this amazing
worm a slash yielding those are
Stephanie's glasses on top I'm obsessed
and we just got hooked up by benefit
they gave us these amazing swag bags
they're inside these customized Theo by
thora
makeup bags and I actually forgot to
pack sunscreen here kind of crazy but
now that I have this I can really really
lay out on the pool maybe sunbathe a
little bit
Oh
