morning I am officially in Tokyo I
landed last night around six o'clock I
am staying at the Grand Hyatt and it's
super nice I love my room and it's
really funny because there are two sets
of beds I went on one bed yesterday so I
think tomorrow or tonight I'm going to
go on another bed so they get equal
coverage I went to bed at 9:30 last
night because I was really jet-lagged
despite having slept the entire way on
the plane I don't know your girl likes
to sleep I'm here with sk2 again and
this time we're tackling Tokyo and
Singapore again and I think today we've
got a workshop and I checked the agenda
yep we're going to a Japanese beauty and
cultural workshop and I have no idea
what to expect
um but yeah we'll see how it goes I have
to go to lobby in 15 minutes so let's do
this thing
so that workshop was amazing as the
presenter woman it was so charismatic it
she's hilarious she taught us how to
pose and the meeting of the yukata so
that was pretty awesome I am loving the
color that she picked out for me
I was running like a cobalt blue sweater
from daily look and I think she just
kind of channeled that and so now I've
got this nice cool blue but a lot of the
girls and I are posing outside even
though it's pouring rain weather is not
on our side today but I'm super stoked
for lunch too because God breakfast is
subtle hours ago and I'm ready hello we
are in a cab on our way to Mexico
Chico she missing her she didn't give
the things I meet secunda mikoshi Ginza
mr. kaanji Ginza neons feeling a little
bit sickly oh but she still came out how
standing holding up good ray yes doing
well always doing well we're on our way
jet lag is very real right now so so
we're tired and there's no coffee so
today is day two of Tokyo and it's
unfortunately my last day I feel like I
really haven't seen much yesterday night
we went to Shibuya to a restaurant like
called uh I don't know it's basically a
restaurant that focused on tofu and it
was raining outside so I wasn't really
able to get any footage of the nightlife
but today it's a different story it's
nice and bright and sunny so hopefully I
can sneak out or I don't know finish
early so I can see some landmarks I've
told you before I leave today is mostly
work stuff I mean I'm here for a
business trip so I don't want to get too
stressed out because one of my new
year's resolutions was to not worry as
much as I did last year so I'm just
gonna go with the flow try and be breezy
and I don't know let's just do it so
right now first up on the agenda we've
got the event so let's go
turns around here I'm gonna kick into
the rest intimacy
come on
like your way it all go snail swipes to
the city that I call my town if you
 up there right you a clown ain't
bring a hat don't make no sound
eversource at the bank go home make your
braces gray so the stalls in the city
get a K let's ride up throw it out and
play shake it up the turkey solids of
quinoa very healthy very satisfied we
are on our way to Shibuya crossing we
are going up to the Starbucks where
there is that you know that really
distinct shot where all the people are
crossing diagonally intersecting it's
happening so now we are officially
crossing debris or crossings and
destination is hot jana statue who is
the very loyal dog
Oh
Oh
