the first dress is this gorgeous elegant
number its form-fitting so it shows off
the figure making it a really sexy look
for a hot New Year's Eve date I love how
the lace makes it sensual but it's still
really tasteful since the arms are
completely covered basically this is the
dress to wear for that kiss to ring in
the New Year the next look is a more
conservative option but it still packs a
punch because of the flashy gold skirt
it's a great midi length so it hits you
right at the calf and I paired this
statement skirt with a plain white
sweater the routing pattern keeps it
from being boring though here's another
beautiful formal dress but this is much
more ethereal and forgiving on the form
especially if you're gonna spend New
Year's Eve at a dinner or a potluck or
any place where you're gonna eat a lot
the black lace on the bell sleeves gives
this new dress a striking element and I
added some thigh-high boots for some
structure to its loose silhouette
the last dress is your classic edgy look
this moto and dress combo has been done
so many times but it's cuz it looks so
damn harmonious together the dress in
itself is a muted peach color and the
voluminous Flair is what gives it its
unexpected touch so those are my New
Year's Eve dresses please comment down
below and let me know which one you'd
rock for the countdown and I have a bit
of a different background because I'm in
London right now visiting my boyfriend
so it was kind of fun you know scouting
locations out in the neighborhood I hope
you guys have a great rest of the
December and I'll see you next year
bye
