Bob UN happy holidays I thought that a
lot of my favorite youtubers we're
creating these holiday gift guide videos
so I thought I'd join in the fun and
create my own little list and tell you
what I'm giving people this year for
Christmas you don't need to break the
bank to give a thoughtful gift to a
loved one a really simple and easy DIY
gift are these magnet photos all you're
gonna need are some magnet adhesives
that you can get at a craft store and
then stick them onto a photo currently
my fridge is decked out with these
magnets and I just thought that they
would be a good gift for someone else
if you have a friend that's always
complaining about their cell phone
battery about to die or that it's low
then an external charger can be a great
idea for someone I have these ones from
Chi Rho and I love that they come in all
different colors to see anyone's
preference my personal favorite is this
minty blue one because I tend to like
the cooler tones I think and I just love
the adorable little face on the device I
just think it's something that's gonna
perk any Wednesday up an amazing gift to
give someone is the Kindle and I
received a Kindle for my birthday and
honestly it changed my life and this
Kindle is the one that I'm actually
giving Stephanie for Christmas and
that's why I specifically told her not
to watch this video unless she wants to
spoil her surprise I knew I was gonna
give her a Kindle when we were flying
back from Singapore it was like a really
long flight and she had this thick and
heavy book that she was trying to
maneuver and the seats were
uncomfortable and I was just sitting
next to her with my Lite Kindle you know
really absorbed into my book and it was
that exact moment that I knew I was
gonna get her this for Christmas
obviously everyone needs to stay
hydrated so a water bottle is next on my
list I love this one from Camelbak
because of the mouthpiece I'm a person
who loves drinking through straws so it
just makes me drink more water when I
get to have this little nozzle and it
also comes in a medley of different
colors so you can just find your loved
ones favorite color and pick that one
out
it may not be the flashiest of gifts but
it's really practical functional and
good for the environment a beautiful
hardcover book is the perfect piece for
a coffee table and also a good read and
have this one phone we're finding 29
which is about street style and this is
great to just thumb through if you're
looking for fashion inspiration or if
you're in kind of a rut a more neutral
coffee table book would be this one by
Man Ray who was one of my favorite
photographers I'm a huge fan of the
surrealist movement and so I just really
enjoy his contributions to the era and I
just find really inspiring so maybe
someone else would too a lot more people
are staying indoors so you might as well
be comfy here I have some festive
comfies from Jack Panik
these have pockets in it which is a huge
plus in my book because you got to put
yourself in somewhere and they have
these adorable holographic snowflake
faces on the butt for a cheeky touch a
great stocking stuffer is a face mask I
have these two from skin-food which is a
Korean brand and if your friends really
into Asian cosmetics she's gonna love
this which I can be really drying for
the skin so these masks are gonna be a
really good way to scrub off that dead
flakey skin on the face and just leave
it really hydrated moisturized another
great winter product are these hand
masks and scrubs from Essie and a lot of
the times people forget to take care of
their hands and it can ruin a nice
manicure if you've got some really gross
dry ashy hands with these products it's
gonna keep their hands looking nice
fresh and great for the winter time and
I think this is a pretty safe gift if
you don't really know the person that
you're giving it's just something that
everyone can use moisture this is
something that I'm giving my mom for
Christmas and it is SK T's facial
treatment essence I swear by this stuff
and changed my skin and I want the best
for my mom and SK Chu came out with
these really adorable festive bottles
which i think are gonna be really great
because whenever she uses it she can
remember the good vibes and the
Christmas spirit that wraps up my
holiday gift guide if you would like to
comment down what your giving or doing
for someone that you love this year I
would love to read about it I'm still
kind of stumped on a few people on what
to get them so some suggestions would be
nice I hope you're doing well and I will
see you in my next video bye
