hi everyone I'm back like I promised
with another winter lookbook but this
time it's for people who live in places
where the winters aren't so brutal
winter calls for which he vibes so here
is a dark and moody outfit this dress is
actually a maxi but I decided to tuck
the hem in to create a silhouette that I
dig a lot more I opted for some chunky
creepers for that extra edge and then
popped in a dark lip to welcome the
colder weather for this next outfit I
challenged myself to tone down this
white romper and although it's beautiful
I decided to make it really casual by
adding this oversized denim vest and I
think it totally transforms the look
into something that you can wear it to
class or getting coffee with someone
some la girls are known to dress a
little weather impaired but down south I
think it's okay to wear shorts in a
scarf combo because just because it
doesn't feel like winter doesn't mean we
can't dress the part if the scarf is a
little bit too much for you you can take
it off and you're left with a badass
outfit with some attitude
I wanted to style a whimsical outfit for
those who like to dress outside the box
this sweater is so quirky with all the
little sequins and I decided to play up
the iridescent colors with this amazing
the holographic backpack it's a
statement piece for those brave souls
who want to go bold my last look is a
nice muted number I decided to layer
this gray button down with this varsity
sweater and this button-down also has
the option of being super long so if
you're feeling like a superhero that day
bust it out I wore my ripped jeans for
some edge and then went ahead with these
cute clean pumps for some class thank
you for sticking to the end because now
it is time for a giveaway young hungry
free is giving away 5 $50 voucher is on
their website because they just revamped
the layout and it's just so clean and
simple and easy to shop on so you can
check that out if you're interested in
entering the giveaway then you can open
up the description box because all the
links and the rules will be down below
if the outfits in this lookbook we're a
little bit too cold for you then you can
check out my other lookbook that I
filmed previously and that one is more
suitable for you know colder winters so
you can check that out I'll link it here
I'm still moving out next week so I am
doing a lot of adult things like
starting and canceling water electricity
internet services all that lot it's not
very fun and on top of that I'm juggling
a lot of projects and still filming
these videos videos for you so if you're
feeling stressed out and about to have a
meltdown I'm right there with you so at
least we're in this together and
hopefully in the end everything's gonna
work out no in fact I know everything's
gonna work out we're gonna be okay we're
gonna be okay
but yes the house tours coming I promise
I gotta I just have to get my house all
nice for you and then film it and then
pack everything in boxes and transfer it
to my new place so yeah please be
patient if you liked the video give it a
thumbs up it would mean a lot to me and
I will see you in my next video bye
