hi everyone I'm back and it is the
holiday season which means that there
are a ton of events to plan for so
whether you're going to a family dinner
or a girls night out I've got an offer
for you
family always comes first and if your
family eats as much as mine then it's
critical that you wear something that
accommodates your food baby I went for a
beautiful yet billowy blouse that flows
wonderfully over these light washed
denim skinnies and don't worry these
guys are low-rise so you'll still be
comfy
dressing more conservatively definitely
doesn't mean you have to compromise your
own style here I have a stylish but
modest outfit I went for a black bus
layered with this gorgeous shawl the
best part is the fringe though I went
for these pleather trousers because
they're perfect for a professional party
and if it's backyard day party then try
adding some subtle sparkle to your face
girls night outs have always been the
most fun to style because you can really
go ham on any trend you've been flirting
with I worked my outfit around the cuffs
on this plain white sweater and paired
it with this amazing rose gold skirt for
my feet I chose these cute feminine
caged pumps for more attitude
I had a black-and-white affair to go to
this would be my go-to outfit you can't
go wrong with a classic moto jacket
paired with your favorite little black
dress I love this one because of the
scalloped edges they're on a pair of
killer platforms and call it a night
house parties are always so much fun and
dressing for them is super easy I like
to go with something that's semi-formal
I think the furry cardigan has a
luxurious element to my printed boss and
my Kobalt score I went for a comfy boot
at a reasonable height and now I'm ready
to boogie the night away with my buds
alright so those are my quick holiday
party outfit ideas comment down below
and let me know which one was your
favorite if you live in a place that's a
lot colder than where I am then don't
want to Co add those extra layers and
just dress for your environment a little
update on my part I'm a little bit
frazzled because I'm juggling a ton of
projects right now the main one being
that I am moving out of the Bay this is
good news for you because that means I'm
finally filming a house tour for the
longest time was putting it off because
my house is never ready because you're
always just adding more bits and bobs
and you're never fully satisfied but I
guess now I have no choice because I'm
moving out in a month so I got to figure
it out anyway enough about me I hope you
are doing well and I hope you're having
a great day and I'll see you later this
week for a couple of great vlogs bye
