hello I am officially in Singapore me
and Stephanie are here for Digital
Fashion Week and after around 18 hours
of travel we made it so I'm really happy
to not be spending the day on the butt
and sitting on a chair I'm really hungry
right now so I think we're gonna go
downstairs to get a bite to eat and
check out the mall because it happens to
be right next to us so we might as well
utilize that right
Oh
so we are at it Donald now even though
we just ate we saw that they had this
crazy piece called the Eddie feast so we
had to stop in and I keep something else
we don't like a little bit too sweet we
do realize those Minko price awesome
awesome
and the winner were outstanding beasts
this ship burger it was awesome yeah I
wish have you been saying it is around
six o'clock and so we're gonna just head
to the rekha lounge to kind of
recuperate before the show I am so
excited to see everyone's collections
today because yesterday was freaking
awesome and yeah today I went for could
have like a rock and roll ballerina look
get it oh you just saw mashup which is
amazing lots of friends they had some
face paint going on and melody came with
food portions are great yeah this is a
very reasonable amount
thank you
the Fashion Show just finished and right
now Beyonce's cafe it's called tiramisu
hero everything is amazing she actually
drew all the images on the menu look at
it
so we briefly walked Haji Lane a lot of
the stores were closed it might be think
it's kind of an awkward time it's around
two o'clock and we are may soon cuckoo
will tell if it is it comes in a nice
coffee so I already had a good start
