hi hi we are in Singapore and we just
received a ton of Singaporean snacks so
we thought we'd film a video I don't
know if they were made in Singapore but
they sell them in Singapore yes we
picked out eight random snacks each so I
can check out her channel after for her
haul the first one is called meelo and
it's a three-in-one pronto malt drink
energy with meal oh yes if I think it's
like a chocolate energy shake I'm not
sure but let's go give it a go thank you
stirring it up it's not like barley to
you know just smell my chocolate milk I
could drink this every day
yep just tastes exactly like Nesquik
it's fine Nestle so I'm pretty sure this
is just their Singaporean version of it
Nessun a mm we're starting off strong
yeah we give this 4 out of 5 mm hmm they
think yeah because it's not only
delicious but has nutritional value the
next snack is this cone one there's no
brand on it because a Singaporean
subscriber was lovely enough to separate
them all into these cute little pink
bags but we just picked out a couple of
them for this video excited I wanted to
make sure we got an entire range yeah
yeah so but thank you so much yeah
taking the time out to do this it was so
sweet yeah definitely
let's do a small test first Sault Ste
Marie so like a burrito
cheers Cheers tastes like a sweet bugle
it's almost I see mm mm I just broke one
and I'll kick to it yeah sweet and spicy
hmm I would definitely didn't care about
me oh yeah yeah great
400 cool into it next up we've got these
fellows they are chocolate filled
crackers okay oh they're lot smaller
than I thought they're gonna be select
cereal ready Cheers mm-hmm
oh my god this would be great to put in
your mule and have it as a cereal okay
perfect memory rating 3 okay okay 3 by
itself but 5
milla the pairing is a five just by
yourself I wouldn't be done I sit down
okay I'd be really down you can keep
those
this looks really exciting these are the
potato fries in the cheese flavor it
tastes like a cheesy strip chip just
covered in synthetic cheese I don't
think I would go out in the store and
just grab a bag if these were free at a
party you're like oh yeah I tear it up
but not my choice
nope okay raining ah this is called the
potato crisps the little guy looks like
he's about to eat his brother Cheers I
really like that she's like a flat
Fingal but I like the texture of this
it's like a thick Pringle texture it's
creamy soft it's awesome ah my first
five Wow these are called
chocolate cookies and there was a little
note on it which says hope you heart
chocolates as much as we heart you oh
that's so sweet how sweet Thank You
Samuel they're individually time Oh put
in your little lunch pail as your
dessert
there you are good spilling out it's
like shortbread with chocolate it's not
how I expect them I think the way it
looks was more exciting than the way it
tastes
oh okay these are really exciting these
are called super rings with like onion
rings so cheese on them would you're
like oh they're like Funyuns
yeah like a Cheeto a circle form I could
eat those all day mmm I really could but
I've been thinking ah ah this is from
the same bag
same with gift bag as these cone ones
these ones are kind of like a wheel or a
meal meal yeah I'm not sure what they
taste like to me a little bit like a
more pungent shrimp chip and they
dissolve so fast like it's likely it
never happened
yeah he just seemed very compression
listed am Tim oh yeah I even a point for
its saltiness yeah and a point for how
cool it looks this is our last one says
a crunchy chocolate wafer roll in
vanilla flavor from 121 this is like an
advanced Pocky hmm whoa there's like
cookies and cream hmm you wanna take an
Oreo the texture is amazing
mm-hmm oh I go to five I think my
general analysis of these snacks is that
they're very dissolve II that's why you
like it because you love soggy stuff I
genic soggy stuff love soggy stuff like
soggy cereal sauce all kinda cheese
sandwich it like if you have like some
rice in with some sauce and it gets the
rice gets really saturate like puffy
loves if it love I just don't want to
use my teeth and thank you again for
everyone insured up at the meet up I
know the queue is quite long but we try
to go there as many people as possible
but know that we appreciate every single
one of you and it really blows away at
how many people show it out like it just
trips me out every single time yeah it
was really crazy it's awesome to know
that we have such a amazing support
system everywhere we go and thank you
for the snacks not quite stuffed but we
are going to continue on we have so many
more to go through
luckily so you can run over to
Stephanie's channel to see more snacks
and I'll make sure you like the video if
you want more wild lavender videos and
we'll see you next time bye
