pretty sure I had a dream she woke up
here from us hey what's up I'm on set
for AJ's music video it's called
brand-new and I am playing the love
interest oh that should be really
exciting and so can you kind of explain
what the music video plot is we're at a
party and I see you from afar I'm kind
of not confident you know I'm not I'm
not myself I guess and and then these
magical dancer girls in all black they
come up to me and change me in different
outfits and you know we're trying new
things and I end up in like four or five
different outfits they take off the suit
and tie and put me into what I was
wearing in the first place they spray a
little Lacoste life you know on me and I
guess it's it brings me back to where I
was in the beginning and with with new
confidence we we hit it off just be
yourself and things will just kind of
happen yeah yeah definitely for AJ's
look we kind of went for a monochromatic
theme we love black and white it's just
the perfect shades for anyone and for
kind of a pop of color we went for this
tan kind of jacket look and it just
looks amazing on him so I wouldn't
normally choose this outfit for regular
day life but I'm glad that I have it on
so maybe I can wear it in a show setting
or something like that from my outfit I
styled my look around this jean jacket
it is one-of-a-kind and it has all these
cool and unique patches on it and
because this is like a pop of color
I went pretty neutral inside and by
neutral I went flan mesh and I've got
this Jersey that has 92 on it which kind
of stands for the riots in LA for my
skirt just went for more mesh and then I
just went for these cool breezy sandals
because it is hot on set so those were
our outfits I really like the harmony
we've got going on because he's got the
mesh I've got the mesh I've got black
and white pop of color
and so I think it really goes well with
la party scene because they're casual
but they're quite bold and edgy if you'd
like to watch the music video then you
can click on the screen over here and
I'll also put a link in the description
box thank you so much for watching and
I'll see you in the next one bye she
woke up here by my side
not sure what hat hat
