it's me and it's the time of the month
where I just kind of rattle off things
that I love the past four weeks so let's
just get started
I got myself a pair of polarized Ray
Bans this month I went ahead and got the
greenish slash goldish lens because I
thought that these colors would really
suit the fall and the winter the frame
is gunmetal so that means that if I
decide to deck myself out in silver
accessories it's just gonna flow very
well keeping my body moisturized has
always been a top priority for me and
for the first time in my life I am
preferring an oil rather than a lotion
which is very surprising and shocking
but lots of tons supple skin oil is life
changing and it's officially on my holy
grail roster you think that because it's
an oil it would leave you all slimy and
feeling like a greased up pig for dinner
but no it just leaves your legs and your
arms with a really beautiful sheen to it
it smells so heavenly I mean if I
described it be kind of like a sweet
almond but it's not like overbearing
it's just really like the perfect level
of sweet and it's warm and nutty I think
it's just an amazing winter Sun I bought
a pair of Nikes last month these are the
Nike Air Max Thea and I bought these in
New York I can attest to their
durability because my boyfriend and I
actually walked from the Flatiron
District all the way across the Brooklyn
Bridge in these shoes so that was like a
good eight to nine miles I can assure
you that they are very comfortable I'm
not an incredible book last month it's
called the secret history by Donna Tartt
and it was recommended by topic Evanson
and so that's why I just went straight
on my to read list and I am so glad I
did it's a murder mystery that takes
place in a college in Vermont and it
revolves around this group of socially
isolated students and although they're
really smart and intelligent they're
also rebellious and kind of off the
narrator is avoiding Richard and he
becomes the sixth member of the group
and so it's really great to hear this
weird friendship through a fresh pair of
eyes it was a very appropriate novel to
read during October because it was quite
spooky but bottom line if you want to
read a book that will just completely
suck you in read the secret history as
always I had a plug in
and a nail polish my favorites because
that's just what I do
this is OCC's pagan and it's basically a
really dark purple color that's really
rich and kind of it's Navy and reminding
but in the Sun it's definitely dark
purple they're around $10 plops so kind
of pricey but I think they're so worth
it because they're so big so
long-lasting and the colors are always
spot-on
I recently went on Sephora and I bought
for more polishes from OCC so they're
totally gonna be another way that I'm
gonna feature next one I bought this
fragrance on a shopping trip a couple of
months ago with Anna Lee Jesse and
Claire and all the girls left with the
new burrito perfume and me and Anna both
fell in love with Valda freak which is
just an incredibly fresh and clean scent
it just smells incredible I've never
smelled anything like this before so
it's a very unique scent for me and when
you initially spritz it it smells a
little bit citrusy it's just got like an
overall fresh and clean vibe to it but
there's also a hint of sweetness to it
it's something that you should
definitely smell for yourself and I
think it's a great standout piece in my
perfume collection because it's
completely different than all the others
I've had horrible vision since I was 8
so third grade so I've always had to
deal with things with my eye and stuff
like that and my eyes are very dry and
sensitive and I had three affections
this year that's like what a season so
my pouches finally mentioned that maybe
it's my saline solution that wasn't
doing the trick but either way I am
using clean care now this is probably
the most hygienic way to keep your soft
lenses clean because there is percentage
of hydrogen peroxide in it so it just
obliterates anything on your contact
lenses like all the gunk protein
bacteria things that are just like
chilling on your lenses it just wipes
out a lot and it's amazing but the
process is very very different from just
a regular saving solution you take out
your contacts and you put them inside
this caged contraption and you rinse it
with the solution on each side for five
seconds and you fill the case with the
solution and you pop the lid back on
with your contacts in and you let it
chill for six hours that's a minimum or
else it's just gonna burn your eye
because there's hydrogen peroxide in
there that's like bleach so you got to
make sure the formula neutral
or else it's gonna really staying trust
me so you gotta be patient prior to
using this solution my eyes have always
been extremely dry and I didn't I wasn't
able to wear contact lenses as long
without my eyes being really irritated
but now I can wear them pretty much all
day and my eyes are fine and I haven't
had an infection since so I hope it
stays that way
but it's something that I wish someone
had recommended to me a long long time
ago because my experience of contact
lenses is so much better now so those
are all my October favorites there
aren't any music favorites I've just
been listening to the same stuff but if
you have any recommendations please
comment down below with like a direct
link so I can listen to it right away
that would be amazing I'm kind of in a
music drought so that would be great to
listen to something new and refreshing
if you're bored and you're looking for
more videos then you can head on over to
or 529s youtube channel because there is
my last episode of hang time which is
kind of sad and went by so fast in it
but either way I got to go visit Eugenie
who is one of my closest friends and we
got to do like a special Halloween
episode so you should check it out I
would love to know what your passions
were last month write it down below
maybe something really awesome happened
to you I love to read about it and yeah
I hope you enjoyed the video don't
forget to give it a thumbs up and I will
see you in my next video bye
