hey you it's me I thought I would change
the pace of things a little bit because
you've all seen me all glammed up so I
thought I would slow things down and get
very real maybe a little bit too real so
let's get started I absolutely love
wearing big and large and comfy shirts
to bed and I actually have a lot of them
on rotation and so I'm just gonna get
started with my favorite one
because if you had barged into my house
this moment then chances are I'd be
wearing my dad Kennedy's one Dead
Kennedys freaking roll and they're also
based in San Francisco so what's up Bay
Area I actually got this at the vintage
section of wasteland so it was not cheap
but I think it was worth every penny
because I wear the living crap out of it
during the summertime I live to wear
shirts that are really loose and just
feel like nothing I have my new order
shirt that has been washed hundreds and
hundreds of times or I think so because
I got this one at their store has that
really like loose thread 5 because all
the fibers are nice and just kind of
worn in so it feels so good on the skin
new order is also a great band so I've
got another recommendation for you check
them out another option for a big shirt
I have is this one that I've drifted at
a vintage shop in Venice and it
basically has all of these rules that
were enforced long ago not sure if
they're still in action today
singaporeans let me know if this is true
mean great details for Singapore up now
I'm having a meet and greet on Halloween
with digital Fashion Week so open
description box for all the info my last
option for a loose and comfy tee is this
bright kelly green one with dr. steve
brule on it I actually got this for my
brother he bought it for me
when we went to the Tim & Eric show
together it was some good quality time
and every time I look at it dr. steve
brule makes me laugh and the memory just
brings a smile to my face let's say I
want to feel a little bit more womanly
and put together then I'll wear one of
my two-piece sets I recently bought this
gray silk set from for love and lemons
and let me tell you I always feel like a
million bucks in this thing I decided to
put this white shawl from Zara over it
from our coverage
and for more you know dramatic factor
and if you want to lounge a luxury then
this is your piece another option I have
is this beautiful printed water from
chaser and also when I lift my arms up
then it's got a really awesome draping
effect which is great for swishing
around in and this is something I'd wear
for a movie night with friends or even
if I'm just having friends over on a
casual afternoon and we're all just
wearing really comfy clothes and I'll
bust this baby out
when it gets cold then this monster of a
gray sweat suit comes out it's sensually
just a gray cropped hoodie and my brandy
melville sweat pants and I pretty much
lived in this all of last winter so when
I filmed it it just brought back a lot
of memories for me so it's a very
nostalgic piece for me
alright so that concludes my pajama
rotation and I hope you enjoyed it and I
really have fun filming this because it
was like showing a different side of me
and bottom line I love to get ready even
if I'm just hanging around the house
because every article I put on my body
there is some thought to it like invokes
a mood and I think that's when you know
that style is something that you put as
a priority in your life and it's not to
impress other people it's about
impressing yourself I'm feeling good so
now I'm really curious on what you like
to wear around the house or to bed so it
would be amazing if you left a comment
describing what you wear and I would
love treated please like the video if
you enjoyed this and I hope you have a
wonderful weekend and I'll see you my
next one bye money
