let's start out with a knit that's super
easy to style I'm wearing a mustard
yellow knit sweater that's slightly
cropped but relatively normal I think
it's just a lovely modern silhouette
that's not intimidating and very
wearable for everyone i styled this top
with a pair of black skinny jeans I got
from Topshop and then just wore some
brown ankle boots to match the warm
tones in the yellow Nick I did one
necklace which has this turquoise accent
to it to keep the look from being too
plain next up I'm going to show you how
I style a knit piece as outerwear I
built an outfit around this neutral
beige cardigan which I think is a great
and stable item that's going to match
everything in your closet but for this
outfit I basically wore head to toe and
black I made sure to mix up the
different textures like this sheer lace
blouse with this sexy latex skirt
here's an example on how I like to layer
them for the Fall I pulled the sweater
over this really long white button-down
for a 90s coolest look and since the
button-down is a little bit too short to
be a dress I wore these black shorts
with lace trimming for some extra
coverage an edgy way to wear knits is to
Rockland with a graphic on it this one
is my favorite sweater because it's
loose cozy and dark and I wanted to
spice it up for the evening so I paired
it with the sequin skirt from style
stalker and these really intense thigh
high boots which will have people
turning heads if you're really into
knits go full-on and wear a knit dress I
love this gray speckled knit dress
because of the cute and girly a line
slit and I wanted to toughen it up a
little bit so I added some leather into
the mix and I think this quilted moto
transforms the look from refined into
rough-and-tumble this outfit was calling
for a head accessory so I put on my
trusty braid all right that's it I hope
you enjoyed this look book about knits
if you did please like the video it
would mean a lot to me and you're
looking for more new episodes with me
then there is a brand new episode of
hang time on refinery29 youtube channel
we went over to Ray Ray's house and she
just boot la so everything's brand new
and we like to play dress-up so click on
the screen to watch I hope you have a
great rest of the week and I'll see you
later bye
like when I call this and I want to be
when you are blonde the true beauty
problem
