member
hey it's me Jen I'm attacked by Amy Pham
to film this beauty by mail challenge
and so I picked up the huge box from the
post office brought it back home and I
opened it and it's filled with bare
minerals makeup and pieces of
inspiration on what I should make my
look the judging from the fallen orange
leaves and little sparkly ball I'm gonna
assume that she wants me to do a fall
fast transitional look so I'm going to
try and do that so I'm starting with a
fresh and clean face but it needs to be
moisturized so I'm using bare minerals
purely nourishing moisturizer all over
my face and when it dot it all across my
face to distribute the product evenly so
now that my face has the moisture it
needs I am going to a stop on a primer
so the foundation we're going to put on
it sticks better and doesn't get oily
throughout the day
I'm just taking bare minerals original
foundation and light I am going to get
the face brush I'm going to swirl a
foundation tap off the excess and then
I'm just going to start buffing it into
my face I think this foundation is
really great for evening out the skin
tone now that we have foundation on my
face I'm going to take there stroke of
light eye brightener I'm going to place
it underneath my dark circles and I'm
just going to blend that all in so let's
work on the brows now I'm going to take
their brows Tyler and I'm just going to
fill in the sparse parts of my eyebrow
and I'm just going to make sure that
everything is filled in and it shapes my
face nicely now that we're done with the
brows I am going to prime my eyelids
because we're about to put some
eyeshadow on I'm just going to dab a
little bit of the product onto each
eyelid and I'm just going to use my
fingers to blend it out I am going to go
in with bare minerals 5 and 1 cream
eyeshadow and this one is in a slightly
olive color it's called delicate moss
and this green is going to symbolize the
green leaves changing into a brown so
this is going to be
my base for the look now I'm taking a
shadow and this one is called beautiful
autumn and I'm just going to apply that
right on top of the base that we created
I want more of a defined look so I'm
taking this dark brown powder and I'm
going to apply it to the outer thirds of
my eyes I want to bring a little bit
more green faculty eyes so I'm going to
take this bareMinerals dual eyeshadow
and I'm going to take Flickr and I'm
going to Pat that into the middle of my
eye now I'm going to take the lighter
highlighting shade in the stool palette
and I'm going to apply it to my brow
bones and at the inner corner of my eyes
I'm just going to tightline the bottom
portion of my eye it's really intensify
and make the look a little bit more
sultry and for the evening and then
using this smudge tool on the back of
the liner I'm just going to blend it all
out so it looks a little bit more smoky
and hazy now that we're done tight
lining I'm gonna go in with mascara and
I'm just going to coat my lashes top and
bottom and I really like this formula
because it is not very clumpy so the
lashes come out really nice and
naturally I am going to go in with the
blush this one is called the one and I'm
just going to apply it into the apples
of my cheeks I just like to build it up
slowly because you can always add more
color in the end I'm taking a lip liner
this one is called liberated and it's
just a dark pink color and it's just
going to act as a nice base for the lip
products that we're about to apply now
I'm taking their lipstick in ab3 and I'm
just going to generously apply that onto
my lips and that's it here is my fall /
season changing look it's a lot of
coppers golds and browns and overall
just very nice make sure you watch the
rest of the video by mail series and for
all the products that I use
today you can see them all in one place
by clicking here or description box huge
thanks to bareMinerals and maker studios
for including me in this tag it means so
much to me and thank you for watching
this and I'll see you my next one bye
you
