everyone will come back it is time for
favorites and we're going to be going
over all the things that I love the past
30 days so let's just get into it like
most girls on YouTube I've loved lush I
love the ingredients I love the
packaging of the customer service when
you walk in the store
someone's gonna help you within a minute
so I have a person who appreciates that
Steph and I were out and about in town
and she recommended this mask to me
it's called mask of Magnum NT it is
essentially a mask that is very deep
cleansing and you can use it on your
body as well and that's something I
haven't done yet but I'll let you know
if I ever do I have been using it on my
face two times a week and it's been
keeping it really balanced and clean and
it just makes my skin feel so soft it
applies really creamy and the smell it's
just out of this world it smells like
chocolate chip peppermint and oh my god
like I just I'm so tempted to eat it
out of the jar I haven't done it but the
temptation is definitely there a lip
color I've been rocking all month has
been Nyx's candy buttons bonbons and
it's just a beautiful pink shade that is
very neutral goes with every I look and
although it has a slight sheen to it
I'll apply a lip gloss by bare minerals
this one is called party starter and it
just adds a juicy shine and adds a coral
bit to the mix and I think it's just a
lip color that you can wear every day
when I love a piece of jewellery I will
wear the living crap out of it and last
month I've been loving the combination
of these two Jenny Byrd necklaces one is
this really thick silver chain and the
other is a shorter one with an emblem
and they've got a nice weight to it and
it just makes me feel really luxurious
and edgy and I think this combination
goes with so many different types of
tops graphic tees crop tops shirts with
a lower neckline these are definitely
investment pieces but that's because
they're not going to turn your neck
green or rust on you so if you are
looking for quality pieces of jewelry I
highly recommend these ones I never
thought I'd be the person who would love
a Kindle but I recently got one for my
birthday and I
happy convert and although I just love
the smell and the feel of you know a
tangible book this Kindle is pretty
freakin awesome because for once I can
lie back and you know hold the book and
my arms won't get tired and you know
fall on my face
so the Kindle has been really awesome
hands out my favorite part of the Kindle
has been the fact that it defines words
instantly for you like I'm the type of
person that if I see a word that I don't
know I have to define it or else it'll
just drive me crazy I can't concentrate
on the rest of the book so if the Kindle
you can just hover the cursor over it
and it'll just tell you what the word
means instantly and so now I don't have
to do a back and forth between my phone
and my book and all those Kindle Talk is
leading me up to my next favorite which
is the book I'm reading it's called the
righteous mind and it was recommended to
me last year or so when I was going to
UC Davis but I didn't pick it up until
last month and it's a great book if
you've ever wondered why someone doesn't
see eye to eye on a belief that you feel
really strongly about the righteous mind
helps explain why good people are
divided by politics and religion which
are Q topics that can become very heated
especially if people at the opposite
spectrum meet up when someone doesn't
agree with you it can be really
difficult to wrap your head around their
argument and for a lot of instances
they're supporting arguments don't even
make sense and I'm pretty sure we have
all been guilty of doing that because in
the end the argument is just that it
doesn't feel right with you and so
you're gonna defend that and so this
book really helps explain how those deep
rooted beliefs come within us and it
really lays it down in a really readable
way so if you're looking for a book
that's gonna open your mind and help you
see both sides then I highly recommend
this book my last favorite is a project
that I've been working on for almost two
or three months and it is my brand new
show on refinery29
and it's called hang time with Jen and
the show where I just raid my friends
closets and we get to pick out their
personal style I'm not gonna lie this
experience is pretty exhausting but
every single minute was worth it because
I am so happy with the way it came out
it was also such an amazing learning
experience for me because I got to play
host for the first time and
was asking questions and you know vibing
off that and I got to catch up with some
friends and it is a role that I hope to
continue to you in the future
there's gonna be a new episode out every
Wednesday so you could watch it on
refinery29 youtube channel which i will
link here and also in description box so
if you want to check out the episodes
feel free to do so
and drop some love alright so those are
my September favorites I would love to
hear about your favorites in the
comments down below
so feel free to leave me one and for
those who are wondering yes I did color
my hair darker Anna Lee who is my friend
and hair stylist colored it for me and I
just absolutely love it she's been doing
my hair for so long so if you don't know
by now she's the one who does it I will
see you in my next video so take care
and have a good weekend bye
