hey everyone it's Jen I am here with the
last and final addition for my back to
school series and this time it's about
high school I try to make all these
outfits as dress code friendly as
possible nothing too sure everything's
covered up you know you don't want to
have a teacher coming to you know send
you to the office to wear some weird gym
shorts because your shorts are too short
so I try to keep that in mind but before
I wanted to get into the outfits I
wanted to introduce my new show under
five to twenty nine it's called hang
time with Jen and the first two episodes
RL this one is about Amy and so we get
to raid amy's closet and see all the
freaking wonderful things inside and
this one here is with my girl Jill and
she is honestly one of the chillest
girls ever
she's just laid back and just beautiful
so click here if you want to check it
out so now let's move on to the outfits
it's safe to say that a t-shirt is a
silhouette that everyone feels
comfortable with but next time try and
dress it up a little bit I love
incorporating jewels and accessories to
add some extra Flair I think it makes
all the difference the jeans add a
bright and fresh pop of blue and I added
this long shawl for extra coverage and
warmth because those classrooms get
really cold and instead of flip-flops
and wearing these Birkenstock esque
sandals that have some serious traction
on the sole and it's got kind of a
platform this look here is still
feminine but without showing a stitch of
skin I'm wearing a chunky oatmeal
cardigan to add a cozy element and I
think it just screams so beautifully
over this adorable floral romper
I decided to add some opaque tights
underneath to cover up that patch of
skin and then wore my statement thigh
high boots that have a very subtle heel
the color palette in this outfit is
definitely my favorite this maroon coat
just brings so much personality to this
otherwise black and gray outfit
underneath my jacket I went for a fitted
short-sleeved turtleneck and I picked up
this lightweight choker to add some
sparkle to my neck my bottoms Aishah
made into these acid-washed gay jeans
since the coat is a little bit bulky so
I think it balances it out and then I'm
wearing my ridiculously comfortable
chelsea boots since they're a fantastic
walking shoe so that was my short and
sweet highschool lookbook if you're
interested in any of the pieces feel
free to click down in description box
for links and that's pretty much it
thank you so much for watching and I'll
see you later this week for another
video bye
hey everyone I'm drying on this episode
of hang time you're heading to ami fams
house and if you'd like to see what's
inside her closet you can watch the
episode on refiner clean eyes youtube
channel what you would wear to a second
date something that was comfortable but
also kind of cute it's got pockets you
know so much you're spending the day
with me and letting me look at all the
stuff in the closet coming
