hi everyone oh I am here with me and
today we are doing the baby food
challenge we don't know what's in the
bag because Stephanie's boyfriend was
lovely enough to bring these all out and
store them into two different baths so I
have no idea what is in here and we film
the other part of a food challenge on
Stephanie's check that out after you
watch mine we have our baby food spoons
so let's get started so this is the
first one we're trying no idea what it
is
our eyes are diverted so let's just open
this up I don't even know what color
this is you got to look kind of to
squeeze it in
ready to go Cheers
I think some squash or something wash
squash boom wait there's something else
you tell ideas sweet potato ah okay
yeah yeah you're right oh no you were
wrong we were both really close but not
really organically from time this is
really fancy sounds okay eles okay I
think that was supposed to be a weird
gross flavor but it turned out to be
okay yeah yeah okay June's the next one
gonna go for this bottle right here all
right okay so this is what it is okay
opened it okay I've got another weird
orange one damn it
oh it's kind of it is kind of chunky ish
Oh a I smell it it's definitely a meaty
one wait oh it smells good
oh my god I was like a taco truck whoa
wait wait pork belly I think it's like a
pork chop or something with
I'm not kind of smiling it's a real
familiar flavor though okay don't look
at it yeah chicken orzo zucchini dinner
interesting all I see the orzo okay
there's like little pieces of orzo in
there little pasta pieces anymore
absolutely no Emily it doesn't taste
good
maybe we're just hungry I'm gonna take a
little sip to clear my palate I'll do
the same look next time reached another
can oh all over my head haha
okay okay as we're cleaning up this is
what it is I don't trust this one either
cheers yours wait that one's kind of
weird actually mm-hmm I want to feel a
little bit weird I think it's like
minestrone soup or something like blend
it up oh okay that's making it taste
better it just feels like it's about to
have flavor but nothing thinking what is
you want to see what it is yeah oh or
chicken and pasta dinner that makes
sense because those are the components
in us like a stoop like that right I got
the gross bag I got the weird savory bag
hey I told him to split it up very
evenly between the two bags of like
savory and sweet
no more squeezy tubes only got cans
really yeah yeah all right here's the
next one oh my god it's an orange one
this is gonna be nasty it smells like
it's all I can be chicken chicken and
tomato tomato tomato yeah oh there's a
little piece of pasta oh I just want to
get a little bit of noodle you got it
mmm oh here look here Jan whoa baby
where's Peter I don't like their large
oodles in here
I'm trying to eat this without chewing
as a baby look or truthless adult uh uh
I can't believe you split it up so
terribly it's okay it's okay
I always say that I like savory things
more okay that's true of sweet things
more vermicelli soup interesting cause
they really put variety in your baby I
can take some in the tomato is very
prevalent and there's low pieces of
pasta
this better be pumpkin it smells like a
Chef Boyardee I think this might be
spaghetti okay I hope it's pretty my
absolute is exactly the same as it
previously it's exactly the same there's
even the same little bits of weight this
is same exact thing there's a cushion
and matric let's got a curveball you
know it when we get you a nice big pasta
one do too
this is the last and final product I
hope it's good but probable it's just
like a strange very neutral looking
thing like creamy it's all good
I would rub this on my body as a lotion
really horchata
banana is banana this I could eat all
day is this totally banana mmm-hmm
bananas oh my god this one rocks oh it's
like a really good banana puree Wow okay
so I went through all that weirdness to
come to something really delicious so so
worth it
well it's really sweet - yeah I'm sorry
muhuali everything I can eat this all
right now hmm
especially if I just draw yeah it'd be
like a milkshake consistency oh my god
this can't be just bananas there must be
something in here
fully ripened bananas banana puree
citric acid if so brick acid those just
like preservatives so banana has had
some chemicals yeah Wow I was good I'm
happy we ended on a good note I know my
job yeah I have like a bayesian orange
color theme going on with all the baby
food yeah but whatever this is
hands-down the favorite one yes that one
is it's delicious all right so that's it
quick and painless even if you would
like to see us eat six more different
types of baby foods head on over to
Stephanie's channel you can click right
here to get there or see us again
yes twice is nice if you'd like us to
film or tag videos give it a big thumbs
up on the video and also comment down
below and let me know what type of
challenges you'd like to see or just
tell me about your day I love to read
about that - tell us what your favorite
baby foods are yeah yeah holy bananas
looks likely it was likely bananas okay
so thank you so much for watching and
I'll see you next one bye subscribe to
rock her or else look comfy G Phoebe hmm
but we like this yeah we like that
