think it over if this alpha is a great
first day of school look if you want
something that's dressed up but casual I
threw all in this chunky crop sweater
over this floral dress to create
something that looks from the effortless
and casual I know a dress this can be a
little iffy for dress codes so I slapped
on someone pink stockings and then
slipped into these ankle boots my next
look is a cool tomboy outfit for those
girls who don't want to wear anything
too precious or sweet for the first day
this outfit is heavily inspired by the
movie This Is England because I'm
wearing this Herrington as my jacket
if you're going back to school in a hot
and humid environment this is the outfit
I'd wear the black thin cover-up helps
you fall in line with dress code more
because it covers the shoulders and it
adds a big chunk of length because I
love fringe I think it's easier to get
away wearing skirts when you've got to
cover up like this I wore a big brim hat
just in case it starts to rain or mist
and for my statement piece I went with
these cobalt heels
my last option for the first day of
school is this beautiful and elegant
ensemble this is a really graceful look
for those who want to go into class and
have everyone do a double-take I layered
this maxi dress with this long-sleeved
ribbed flop top and now that the dress
looks like a casual floral skirt it
looks a lot more approachable for shoes
I went for these mutant mules that are
really easy to slip in and out of
they're kind of like a fancy football so
those are going back to school looks
please comment down below and let me
know which outfit you draw to class and
I know this look book was short but
don't fret this is one out of three
about school styling videos I'll be
doing so there's going to be tons of
inspiration I hope you guys have an
incredible weekend and I'll see you guys
next week bye
