right now I am in Leeds which is in
England I'm here everybody in Leeds
Festival obviously starting with Leeds
first it was around like a three-hour
drive from London to here so had a
little road trip action I'm very excited
for the rest of the day so we are inside
the festival now in the tent the gates
open and 20 minutes so after that we're
going to do a little walk around and see
what is up it's going to be close to the
differences between a American festival
and an English festival
couldn't stand it anymore those heels
okay I have to give it to you guys
we go to Reading Festival which is quite
near London this side one of the biggest
if not the biggest fest or the UK we
played out the Leeds version of it
Friday it's not Sunday I'm a driving
down work on it a few hours very much
looking for the other daily definitely
yes I'm really excited I have much more
festival prepared now I bought some flat
boots from Philadelphia chromosome
glasses I brought a backpack instead of
a side bag I did the worst decisions at
Leeds so I'm glad that I get to do a
court to act ready Hey
yeah I'm reading like regions yes this
the big one and it's the one where I
grew up like going to every year as a
kid so it's a plate like optically
flawless yes it's really fun can't wait
but Leeds was awesome as girls great
leaders great yeah yeah well it's good
preparation for me yeah you're ready for
ready yeah
I'm sorry man Matt's playing reading
mainstage getting compared I did a few
stretches like white shellye's oh yeah
the one oh how are you I'm Trey review
power jobs got to sweaty
well yeah looking forward to it's going
to be cool
