have you found everyone I'm back on your
feet with another video and I'm
especially excited today because we're
talking about fall and falls is my
favorite season because it's when
edginess and manliness thrives extra
hard and so to celebrate that I thought
I'd make a little quick look book for
y'all to get that bad girl in you out
fall is the season to start layering up
in this outfit I layered a neon duster
with this black vest from young hungry
free I love how it adds define the pail
to the coat so that it looks a little
bit more formal and I wore a bodysuit so
that it tucks in quite nicely in these
black shorts I like them because they
have a white piping on the side I went
for a daring choice with these thigh
high boots and I wear them whenever I
want to look a little bit more sexy I
think they go really well with this
evening look this wouldn't be an edgy
look book without an all-black outfit so
here you go hope I don't disappoint
I built this outfit based off this black
maxi skirt this one is excellent because
it actually fits me and it doesn't drop
on the floor and it has pockets which
shows two points in my book for my top I
layered this completely black sheer
t-shirt with this corset I thought it'd
be a more modest and interesting way to
wear one plus I think the crystal
necklace pops out way more this way if
you live in a climate where it actually
gets cold in the fall I provided this
option for you I added this leopard faux
fur coat and I think it just adds so
much of a boom to the look I picked this
one up in London at Topshop and it's
quickly becoming one of my favorite
coats
if you're just dipping your toe into the
sea of edginess I have this entry-level
edgy look for you guys this is also a
great fall look for those who live in
areas where fall is still a boiling hot
I'm wearing the classic band tee and
denim shorts combo this Vande is
especially close to my heart because it
features one of my favorite couples
Becca and Justin and their band so low
so high if you guys are watching anyway
I just up this outfit by adding this
sleeveless can vest I think this is a
great item to throw over when you feel
like your outfit is a wee bit too short
or revealing because the fabric adds a
nice extra length
I added some Western vibes with this
wide brimmed hat with relics on the band
and these cute taupe knee-high boots
that's it there's our three quick
outfits get you prepped and pumped for
the Fall and I'm so glad you made today
the video because five of y'all are
about to win a $50 voucher to young
hungry free the giveaway details are
really simple all you're gonna do is
follow their Instagram and comment on
the giveaway photo telling me which
outfit was your favorite so make sure
you hit the description box for all the
outfit links because they will be
provided down there and for the giveaway
details and I am so excited for the
weekend because tonight I'm saying my
friend Drina play at 10:15 so I'm really
stoked to see her so I'm about to see
her play and get my danceOn what are you
doing this weekend let me know write a
comment thank you so much for watching
and I'll see you in my next video bye
