our folks it's me and today i am playing
favorites monthly favorites of course
and so i will be talking about all the
cool stuff that i liked in august these
are the two earrings I wore most last
month I have this really cute thin pair
from Urban Outfitters they are silver
and really delicate ones that I wore
when I wanted to look a little bit more
elegant then I have my thick gold ones
that I wore when I wanted more of a
funky feel to my outfit and now that my
hair has been long enough to tie into a
relatively high ponytail they've been a
great way to showcase my hoop earrings
another exciting bit was that I was in
Teen Vogue's issue I did a little
collaboration with them and Simon where
we created a bunch of BAPS cool looks
for you guys I know it's September and
we're all getting pumped up for the
season the looks are in the spread and
also on Simon's YouTube channel which I
will link in the description box so
please check it out also I filmed fall
haul videos with them so you might want
to subscribe to them so you can check
that out later I'm gonna be honest flats
aren't my first choice when it comes to
shoes because I don't really like the
way they look on me and because I'm
really sure but when I went to a Reading
Festival there was no choice you cannot
wear heels to that festival you have to
wear some sort of thick-soled boot so I
went to Topshop and I picked these
babies up and they are just gorgeous
they're packed and then have a DM vibe
because of the thick rubber sole and the
stitching I love how they don't look too
bulky because of the slight pointed toe
and most importantly they are just the
most comfortable shoes that I own hands
down I have a film recommendation and
this was recommended by one of my best
friends Stephanie and it is called mrs.
England and I watched it while I was in
England so it's very appropriate and
this is officially my second movie that
I have added to my favorites that
involves skinhead culture the first one
was American History X and if you
haven't seen it by now please watch it
go download it or purchase it somewhere
because American History X is also very
good anyway back to this is England it's
about a boy named Sean who is a complete
loner and he lives in this really bleak
and rough neighborhood in England and
this group of skinheads for find him and
show him what the meaning of belonging
is and yeah just leave it at that
so you know this movie does get a little
bit brutal so just thought I'd warn you
also I can't get enough of the fashion
sense in this movie I love the whole
heavy DMS with the Fred Perry button-up
with Harrington look I'm really tempted
to create a lookbook on this if you've
been watching me for a while now you
would know that I have scoliosis
thankfully it's not severe anything but
it's enough for me to not be able to
wear a purse for a long period of time
or else my back really really starts to
ache but yeah that's why backpacks have
been my thing and this backpack in
particular has been amazing this one is
from daily look and it is this grayish
blue color with gold hardware it's got
all these handy pouches in the front and
the side so I can be more organized and
it's big enough to carry all my
necessities and even my huge camera with
my big fat lens so it's what I wore to
both music festivals or I guess all
three music vegetables I went to last
month so yeah it's been a lifesaver when
I was at Leeds Festival I wandered
around all the different tents to get
some coverage for my channel and I ended
up staying at this one 10 initially for
the shade but then I ended up staying
for the entire set because this band
just captured my full attention after
they finished playing I had to ask the
dude next to me to get the name of the
band but they're called dolemite minor
and they are a two piece group or a duo
and they just have a really full and raw
sound if I had to compare them to other
musical groups I would have to say
they're a blend between Nirvana Black
Keys and just a little bit of the vines
my favorite songs by them or let me go
and so please check them out that would
be awesome
so those are all my August favorites a
lot of them happen towards the end of
August but whatever they still count if
you enjoyed this video please give it a
thumbs up and as always everything that
I mentioned will be in description box
so please open it if you'd like feel
free to leave me a comment telling me
what inspired you last month I would
love to read about it and I believe
that's it so I will see you my next
video bye
