hi everyone it's me Jen I am finally
back from vacation I went to England for
almost two weeks and that's why I've
been gone and it was such a relaxing
vacation I am so happy that I did it but
now it is time to get cracking I'm gonna
crack the work whip so I thought I'd do
a quick styling video about cover-ups
because they're an amazing transition
piece from summer to fall my first
example of wearing a cover-up is to wear
over a piece of clothing that you find
is too revealing my example is this
white dress it's really cute but the hem
is a little bit short especially in the
leg area and so I thought this purple
shawl would be a great way to add extra
length and coverage to the outfit and I
love how it brings a bright pop of color
another great way to utilize a cover-up
is to wear over a bathing suit there is
that moment where you're wearing your
bathing suit to the pool or body of
water you can stay dressed relatively
normal when you throw a shawl on in this
outfit I'm wearing a neon bikini top and
I hit my shoulders with this pattern
shawl and it's got all these awesome
little moon and sun friends
the last example I'll be showing you is
an all-black outfit no surprise here I'm
wearing a thrifted shawl with beautiful
fringe at the end and when you're
wearing all black I think it's important
to mix and match the textures the
materials of your outfit so that way
you're not just a giant black blob those
are three quick ways to style a cover-up
please comment down below and let me
know which outfit was your favorite
mostly it felt really great to go on a
break for a while because now I feel a
new wave of motivation for September I'm
so excited to film my back-to-school
lookbooks for you guys for high school
and college a Q&A video and of course my
reading and leads music festival video
which should be the next video out may
be able be nice to my favorites but yeah
lots of videos coming up and so yeah
I've missed you guys so much and thank
you for watching and I'll see you my
next one bye
