hello it is day one of outside lands
there is Stephanie being a little BB
gremlin so this is actually the second
time I've been to outside lands and it's
pretty great a sauce or a sauce invited
us out to go cover the event and rock
some of their clothes so kind of worked
out in the end so jiving ghosts outside
lands part 2 or 2014 is here for you
guys to watch
day two of outside lands tazie
anyone who says that sam Cisco or
California as a state is not cold it
gets damp cold that was my outside lands
vlog I know it was really short and
brief but it's really hard and hectic to
fill everything when you are in a giant
sea of people so I did what I can and it
is what it is before I left I wanted to
tell you about a little collaboration I
did with Teen Vogue and Simon malls we
did a series of back to school video
hauls and you can see everything that I
found at Simon in those videos so I'll
put a link in the description box so
please check it out without being said I
will see you guys tomorrow because I
will be uploading another one so I'll
see you then bye
