wait we have been loving pink in my
outfits
especially when it's more of a dusty and
subdued color like this shawl I think it
makes the look feel more feminine and a
little bit a serial I added a flare
skirt to my look because I think it
looks flirty
fahncy and it's very very flattering
next up I have an earthy bohemian look
for those balanced and chill chicks I
love the pattern in this top because
it's interesting and definitely a
conversation starter I test rised with a
long statement ECLA sand tons of
bracelets and wore these jeweled sandals
with a modest heel
this look is for those girls who bring
the warmth into the room with a big ol
smile i stout this look with the bright
yellow top and then toned it down with a
denim vest with these white pleather
lapels if you're on a turquoise necklace
because I like the way it contrasted
with the yellow and because it matched
my nails and added some breezy
lightweight shorts and I added a ton of
height with these bad boys from ASOS I
whipped up an outfit for those badass
chicks who aren't afraid to stomp around
and strut their stuff I brought this bad
news snapback from Steph to add an edgy
element to this ruffled romper I
basically wanted to challenge myself a
little bit and try to make an elegant
piece into something a little bit more
urban this last outfit is perfect for
those days where you just want to take
it easy but still want to look like
you've made some effort and looking nice
I added some thin simple necklaces and a
huge white had to hide dirty hair so
that's the end of the lookbook what kind
of girl do you feel like today please
comment down below and tell me I'd love
to hear what you have to say you liked
any of the pieces in this lookbook there
will be the links in description box so
please please open it anyway and thank
you so much for watching and I love you
bye
you
