hi I'm in Shanghai
oh it's my first time in Shanghai
getting my Chinese Issa was such a
nightmare because I had to get it
three days before cuz I just found out
that I was going so I was like ok crap I
gotta get a visa so I went to the
Chinese consulate and they rushed my
visa and I'm luckily I passed I I don't
know I'm treating like a test but they
approved and so I got my visa the next
day and now I'm in Shanghai so I'm here
for another sk2 event it's called change
destiny and I think it's going along the
lines of preventing wrinkles on your
face and you know anti aging so changing
the destiny of your skin and also today
is the day of my meet and greet it will
be at the Google office which i think is
funny because Google is banned in
YouTube and so I don't even know if
people are watching way to videos in
China but I know there's proxies and
whatnot but either way Instagram is not
blocked
member
interactive tour is so cool everything
is something that you can play with and
touch and either scan it with your iPad
or actually just physically push the
door and it'll do something really
awesome the SDSU team has really thought
out and find everything in this day I
just really appreciate on someone put so
much thought to something especially for
a project like this I just feel so lucky
that I'm able to go a walk through tour
and it's amazing okay I'm gonna take a
picture with FINA now at the photo booth
hey it is 3:30 and we are in one of the
rooms filming a Christmas segment for
the SK Chu website and we're gonna be
going over what is on our Christmas wish
list and we're just going to take some
cute little photos I am here early with
the japanese youtubers from my love and
yeah right now we are just making some
espresso shots to get some caffeine or
body I definitely need
what did you say to me
because
good morning it is the last day of
string hi and so we are heading into a
conference it's going to be the whole
change destiny conference and this is
when we're going to be all the
ambassadors so it is around 3 o'clock
right now I'm having a late lunch to
myself got some room service because I'm
heading down to another meeting I'm
taking a little break from editing and
I'm watching orange is the new black
while eating some late lunch so life is
good I order a salad and some chicken
with some tomato sauce over it
we just wrapped up dinner and we are at
this gorgeous view like I'm use exactly
the highlight of the trip we are behind
the bunder the architecture is just to
Mecca stunning I just can't believe I'm
here it's just so surreal
