hi everyone I am super stoked right now
because I am at the bareMinerals
headquarters they invited me to check
out the space meet the team and see
what's new and best of all they're gonna
do my makeup so I could see what it
looks like on my face and so do you make
sure you stay tuned because we're going
to announce a giveaway and surprise
let's do this woo a Jen how are you I'm
bill got the best day plan for you to
show you around the office ready all
right let's go this is our creative
floor so this is like where their brand
comes to like the packaging the artwork
the advertising you know it's just where
all the creative juices flow you can see
here that it's an open-concept office
which is just this is like the fun floor
for me I just love being down here with
our creative team there I think they
were the best in the world
well I'm like looking around I'm seeing
a lot of women yeah you know our company
is about 90% women so I'm the odd guy
out once in awhile which is totally fine
you know but it's like every day I come
to work like with my best girlfriends
almost you know we're just a really
great team here we run by women create
our products for women our corporate
mantra is that we exist to make a
difference in the lives of women so
every day we hold that so near and dear
to our hearts and everything that we do
can I take you into our mock boutique
this is like our store within the office
this is almost what like our customer
would see when she comes into store
these display cases and I'd love to come
down here and just make sure it all
looks fantastic because our customers
are so important to us and our customers
love our products so bill if there is
one product that a girl needs
tryout flows which recommend I gotta say
original foundation it to me should be
the secret weapon in every woman's
makeup a personal
alright so Jen this is Alex she's our
lead makeup artist here at bear mineral
and you are gonna be in the best of
hands so you ready for your mayhem duh
definitely yeah I should wipe all this
stuff so yeah and leave your eyes on I'm
just gonna really give you a beautiful
glowing healthy looking skin with our
bare minerals original foundation so we
call it and make under at bare minerals
because we believe that you shouldn't
make a woman look like somebody else by
piling ahold of makeup on them and
trying to change what they actually look
like you should just apply makeup to
enhance what they already have we like
it to be that kind of beauty that shines
through so it's really just gonna feel
like you and your skin well I'm just
about done I'm gonna start with our
primer and I'm just going to use the
prime time original this is just a
really nice base to put on before you
put your foundation on it's just gonna
help smooth out your skin take away any
dry and rough patches this is the bare
minerals original foundation for in
spectrum SPF 15 so you do have some
protection in there as well so we have a
little technique it's called swirl tap
buff tap a little bit of foundation into
the lid swirl the minerals into the lid
to pick them up in the brush tap out the
excess and then I'm gonna start from the
outside and work my way in and circular
motions just buffing this foundation is
amazing at covering hyperpigmentation
and redness in the skin any breakouts or
you know blemishes that you might want
to give a little bit of coverage to it's
really amazing evening out the skin
tuned
so we have a product called stroke of
light it not only helps to conceal but
it really brightens the eye area too so
now I just want to bring some color back
into your skin again so I'm going to use
one of our ready bronzers and I've
picked this skinny dip so the next
product I'm going to use is a blush and
it's called the secret's out it's really
really pretty it's a really soft paint
color before we send you out into the
world I feel like you need something
more on your lips okay so I'm going to
use marvelous Moxie lipstick in light it
up which is a beautiful bright coral
ready to see as well yes I'm ready you
really nailed the shade it's amazing
okay well you're all done you look
absolutely I'm so happy with the look I
can't wait to show bills
yeah so I'm gonna go downstairs alright
that's good
hey Jen huh good look at you you look so
beautiful how was it oh I love it it
looks so natural I think you're ready
for a perfect summer day in San
Francisco thank you so much bareMinerals
for having me letting me see and cook
around all your cool stuff in your
office so here's the deal
bare minerals and maker studios have
teamed up together to bring us this
brand new series called beauty by mail
and to feature all my favorite YouTube
girlfriends and it's basically like a
giant Beauty tag the tag starts today
and so I'm gonna fill this box with
great pieces of inspiration and most
importantly a bareMinerals kit which is
going to be enough where the girl can
create an entire look based off that
inspiration so tag amy family's you're
next I can't wait to see what kind of
look you do once amy finishes her box
she's gonna send her own box to the next
girl so you have to watch the entire
series to see all our different looks
and as promised it is giveaway time
where you've been weighed three of these
flawless complexion kits which is kind
of everything you need to get started
with bare minerals make sure you hit
those scription box for all the giveaway
deets and thank you so much for watching
and I'll see you next time
