welcome back you're just in time because
I'm gonna be talking about things I
liked last month so let's get crackin I
went to hate Street earlier last month
and I picked up these three necklaces
because I thought my outfit needed some
spice and it turned out that I ended up
wearing these next says a lot last month
and outfits and look books that I film
for you and just everyday life and so I
thought I would give a little knot to
these beauties I'm a sucker for
subscription services like Netflix Hulu
Spotify and last month I got to try
outlet tote which is a subscription
service but for clothing and jewelry so
basically you make an account you've
followed a little style quiz and pick
out things that you want in your
personalized closet fill out your
payment info and then they'll send you a
personalized box filled with cute
clothes and jewelry like Netflix you can
keep the pieces as long as you want and
once you're tired and done with them we
took your Instagram pictures with it you
can just stuff them back in the box and
send it off till a toe and then they'll
send you a new box filled with new
clothes this way you can have an
ever-changing closet but just with the
flat rate I've been using reusable water
bottles for years now and I just
replaced my green one with a new seafoam
one from swell and I really like this
one because it is shimmery it's perfect
size and I could just chuck it into my
purse and bring it everywhere with me
what I really like about this water
bottle is that anything that you put in
there will stay that temperature so if
you like drinking ice-cold water all the
time then this is the freaking water
bottle for you next up is my phone case
it's by Marc by Marc Jacobs and I got it
on Nordstrom and I really love this case
because it is quite the conversation
starter a lot of people are interpreting
this case in a bunch of different ways
like the most obvious one is that it
looks like a disco ball which is what I
thought the second interpretation is
that people thought that it was the back
of a grenade and the last one is my
favorite my friend Alex thought this
case was inspired by Kanye West's masks
that he's been wearing on to her I wish
it was inspired by that because I think
that would be hilarious but I'm just
gonna go with the disco ball I don't
know what do you guys think now I'm
gonna move on to a tool that has made
poached eggs so much easier for me to
make
I love Eggs Benedict I just love you
know soft runny eggs and
this item or this tool has made poached
eggs so easy to make all you have to do
is oil up the inside of the jiggly
contraption crack an egg in there and
leave it to boil on medium heat for
about seven to eight minutes and bam
you've got a poached egg that's perfect
every single time
so I've been putting it on toast rice
salad anything on its own and
unfortunately I don't know exactly where
you can get it because I received it as
a gift but I'm pretty sure with a few
you know quick types on a keyboard
you'll be able to find somewhere that
sells it lastly is music this time I'm
not featuring one single artist it's
just gonna be a SoundCloud user who's
also my friend who makes incredible
playlists his name is awesome and I'll
put his link in description box he has
been making some serious playlists that
have been saving my life
they're great for long drives home
cleaning the house basically anything
just stuff to keep your mood up
especially if you're feeling kind of
down then I just pop on one of his
playlists and I just start feeling you
know on yourself and you feel like you
can do it so if you're looking for new
music to dance and vibe to then I highly
recommend his playlist my favorites are
probably they know better and that's a
trap so I'll put the links in the
description box and please check it out
alright that's it those are my July
favorites please comment down below and
let me know what inspired you last month
I would love to read about it and that
is it folks I will see you my next video
bye
