once you got your foundation and your
brows on take an eyeshadow primer and
place a little dab on each lid a little
goes a long way with this stuff so you
don't need globs of it trust me
next I'm taking Nyx's jumbo eye pencil
in yogurt and we're going to place this
on the entire lid I think it's just a
beautiful peach shade that's going to
make the eye shadow we're about to put
on it look more saturated and bold add
it into the inner corners of your eyes
too now I'm taking my busted-up Naked 2
palette the shadows just exploded on me
on a trip but I'm going to take
booty-call to highlight the inner
corners of my eyes this is one of my
favorite shades to highlight with next
I'm taking chopper which is a gorgeous
salmon shimmer and I'm going to place
that all over my lids
to subtly define the eyes I'm taking my
good old trusty tart smolder eyeshadow
stick and I'm creating a little wing on
the outer third of my eye it's not going
to be too dramatic but it's just enough
to kind of act as a good base for the
dark eye shadow about to apply on there
now with my lorac Pro palette I'm taking
a matte dark brown shade and I'm going
to Pat that right onto where we put that
dark brown eye shadow cream and this is
just going to make her eyes really pop
and give your eyes more dimension then
you take a tan eyes shadow around two or
three shades darker than your skin and
you're just going to blend that sucker
out so it just looks seamless get a
liquid liner of your choice because
we're about to add a freaking cat eye to
this look because I think a little flick
can complement any eye shape I like to
start out in little baby strokes and
then I like to gradually build it into a
wing now comes the fun part the lashes I
start with Lancome's seals booster
because I think it helps play up my
natural lashes just add a coat or two to
the tops and bottoms of your lashes and
just let it dry for this look I'm using
tarts lights camera lashes mascara and
I'm just going to quickly apply a coat
to one eye and before that mascara dries
I'm immediately going to put hearts best
info lash fibers and this wand is filled
with little fuzzies that attach and
adhere to your lashes and they just make
them longer after you're satisfied with
the length then go back to that mascara
or whatever a mascara you're using and
just make sure you run through the
fibers and everything to just set them
all in place
no surprise I'm using benefits hoola
it's honestly the only bronzer I use
possibly because I'm on a mission to
successfully finish the entire box I get
such satisfaction when I use up an
entire product especially when it's a
powder after you're finished contouring
I'm using Urban Decay's flushed palette
and I'm taking the blush and applying it
to the apples of my cheeks I'm all about
that glow so I'm taking the highlighter
in the palette and placing that on to
the highest points of my cheeks a bit on
the brow bone and then adding it into
the center of my nose now that the face
is dewy it's just going to catch light
in all the right places to finish off
the look I'm taking a very natural pinky
shade and applying it onto my lips no
lipliner or anything I just want it to
blend into my natural lip shade I really
love this formula because it's creamy
leaves a beautiful gloss behind and it
fades really gracefully throughout the
night and voila you're finished as much
fun as it is to do a dramatic look
sometimes just want to keep it cool and
wear something a little bit more subtle
I hope you enjoyed this tutorial and if
you did please give it a thumbs up and
I'll see you next video thank you bye
