flannel is probably the most iconic
style item from the grunge era and
luckily it's easy to find one anywhere
these days but does your flannel have
pockets think about it you've got all
the stuff you can put in there and like
your phone your hands or your tater tots
if you're Napoleon Dynamite combat boots
or docks are a must for a nineties
wardrobe these are actually Stephanie's
and she has worn these down to the bone
once you break a pair of docks they
basically mold into the shape of her
feet
I saw Kurt Cobain wearing ripped jeans
and converse so I went out and got
ripped jeans and converse but through
the Mean Girls reference aside this
outfit is great for days we just can't
be fussed to wear something primped and
proper pattern clashing like the flannel
and the strap duty are also easy ways to
make something look quote-unquote
alternative
you've probably seen an outfit very
similar to this on your tumblr - with
the hashtag soft grunge for my
understanding soft grunge means taking
stylistic elements from the grunge and
goth era and putting a modern veil over
it obviously the grunge factor comes
from the flannel on this leg bearing
maxi and the Gothic elements come
through with the dark makeup and that
choker
one way I noticed Courtney Love style
herself in the 90s was wearing precious
girlie silhouettes like babydoll dresses
or scalloped edges and then just
shoveling it with dark pieces like heavy
eye makeup and oversized outerwear and
ripped up tights or thigh highs like
I've demonstrated here believe me this
is definitely a modernized and tamed
version of it but if you type kinder
horror on your browser of choice I'm
sure you'll get some more ideas thank
you for making it to the end of the
video because now it's your chance to
win something there are going to be
three winners and the grand prize is
going to get $300 as a gift card to shop
on 20/20 Avenue and all you got to do is
type this into your browser if you're
too lazy
then I will provide a link down below
and all the instructions for the
giveaway on how you can enter will be on
that website so check it out also if you
have some time to kill that I suggest
you go on google and do a little search
on how the whole grunge phenomena began
in the 90s because it's quite
interesting so not only can you dress
the part but you can actually know the
history behind it actually I think that
would kind of be a cool segment
dissecting history of fashion trends I
don't know thank you so much for
watching I'll see you next one bye elbow
