I am here with Ben hello and today we're
doing the bean boozled challenge and I
thought that this would be a great time
for Ben because what is your dick name
my nickname back home is uh bean I don't
really know why it's obviously scimitar
Ben
so I guess I'm the bean boozled
challenge
hmm it's essentially a game where
there's assorted flavors of different
jellybeans and you can either get one
that is really delicious such as
chocolate pudding
along with canned dog food yep don't
spoil the rice ball pen okay all right
so to remind you we've either got tutti
frutti or stinky socks Cheers next up
we'll do lawn clippings or lime Cheers
mmm did you get it no I'm it reminds me
of like PE class but Maya's nice lime
scoop now we have either canned dog food
or chocolate pudding he's like a dog
food I do I like dogs dog food look okay
it's literally just not nothing
look I know it's chocolate pudding ha ha
let me smell your breath oh it smells
like it smells quite good the only one
oh nice meat alright so this one is
either juicy pear or booger
Cheers Jed yeah yeah no well hold on go
Pat caught the pear that's not blue
again we got a few round 2 organs would
say look a booger Oh
oh my god what's he's like Oh straight
Lisa why is always made okay I've been
at a bad one yet we had lawn clippings
which wasn't about it now we have either
caramel corn or moldy cheese
all right Cheers we look
why if we saw him I've got one and WizIQ
one just lingers why why did I agree it
won't you didn't think that would be
that bad this one's more tame one this
one is toothpaste or berry blue okay
though oh my go to right we should
finish off of this yeah shame so I stole
what the bad one though
yeah every single are you doing this oh
perfect no not no not that gravity or
anything
it's massage so we have either licorice
or skunk spray oh my god
how do they make the flavors like this I
just don't know how they manage to get
the smell of a skunk spray next barf or
peach whoa weirdly they look slightly
different so we've really tried to
figure out you know are they tricking
our solid one is that going to be about
one we don't know so good luck oh this
is a bar mama yeah I got the peach is it
yeah
Oh literally turn what a season what
kind of work that takes exactly what
both well like what kind of work look
when I sit in a mouth and it's just the
swallow at the start for the grand
finale we have coconut or baby wipes not
so bad it's not good to eat though is it
baby what is that to smell the monkey
yeah I know but like sanitized don't
know all right good luck be may again
what up Cheers
coconut
nearly every single one I got the bad
ones that I'm thank you for that well I
do have the skunk spray yeah that's true
we didn't look like yeah barf a moth
buff so that wraps up the bean boozled
challenge if you want to get your own
box and get on Amazon you can find me on
I'm Ben Gunn's UK on Twitter Instagram
and all that stuff and my band is young
guns UK on the same thing you want to
see been eating more discussing things
also give a thumbs up a little I'll see
you in next one Oh
