one two three to get RP let's start this
lookbook with a summary and girly outfit
it's been a while since I've worn pink
and really diggin the way it looks
especially when I pair it with quirky
items like these floral shorts with the
little pom-poms I added these tall boots
to keep the look more grounded and less
precious rompers are so playful and easy
to style because you don't have to
coordinate the top with the bottom it's
perfect for the girls who want to look
put together but without all that fuss I
threw on a drapey cardigan because
people love blasting that AC in building
and it can feel subarctic sometimes
here's an outfit for you tomboys out
there not all floral patterns have to be
styled an ultra feminine way just pair
it with some of your favorite skinny
jeans and some big black clunky boots
for a badass vibe I bought these
overalls at the end of summer last year
and I'm so stoked that I get to bring
them back this summer I wore this
beautiful white top with floral shoulder
caps and left one strap unhooked because
I wanted it to look more relaxed and
chill
you can't have a summer lookbook without
a floral dress these kind of dresses are
my favorite to sleep in because they're
flowy
super comfy and they're gonna keep you
cool plus if you have guests over you
don't look like a slob I'm glad you made
it because it's a giveaway time if you'd
like to win $100 runway bandit gift
voucher to pimp out your summer wardrobe
all you have to do is follow their
Instagram like this photo of me wearing
this romper on their Instagram and on
the Instagram photo comment I heart
remove bandits and that's it if you
liked any of the pieces open the
description box because there will be
links please like the video if you'd
like more summer outfits and I'll see
you my next video
