I'm just gonna start off with my
favorite hat at the moment which is just
a simple wide brimmed black hat the
sucker has been amazing too high gross
roots
dirty hair and even dandruff it adds
such a brooding and dark element even
the softest employee√≠s of pieces like
this matching brocade set
I think it's designed to be loungewear
but I think you can totally get away
with wearing it outdoors because who
says you can't lounge and party at the
same time the snapback has been making a
serious comeback for I don't know 2014
it brings a tomboyish street style live
to any outfit I'm trying my best to add
color to my looks so I threw on this
retina searing neon cardigan over my
otherwise all-black ensemble remember
this guy
I love the straw hat pieces it's a great
lightweight item that keeps me Shady
on sunny days I went for a light-colored
and simple palette with this little
number you honestly can't go wrong with
the crisp white blouse and some torn up
cut-offs I decided to add some long
jewels to keep this outfit from being
boring
this beret has been with me since the
beginning of this channel if remember it
well-done net that means we're both
growing up and we're getting old anyway
I played up the beret by wearing it in a
military manner but with a sexy twist
the olive jacket is cropped and the mess
skirt is quite hip hugging added some
spice with this statement necklace and
then added a solid six inches to my
height with these bad boys there we have
it those are all the looks this is my
short and simple hat lookbook comment
below and let me know which hat or your
outfit was your favorite I'd love to
know thanks again for watching and I'll
catch you next time peace out
Oh
Oh
