starting off with a clean and
moisturized face let's begin with a
primer because I find that make applies
smoother and lasts longer when I do I
just use a pea-sized amount and just rub
it into my face once you're all prepped
and primed I'm using tartes Amazonian
clay as my foundation I just dot it all
across my face to distribute the product
evenly and then I go in with a buffing
brush and blend it out to even out any
discoloration or spots on my face next
up I've got the concealer I only use
this for my under eyes because like most
people
I've got dark bags as well I also like
to run this on the bridge of my nose to
give the illusion of a higher set nose
I'm not sure if it actually works but
it's just something that's kind of
creeped into my routine throughout the
years once I've blended it to the best
of my abilities I'm gonna seal my hard
work with a powder I really love using
NARS this translucent powder because it
doesn't add any color my foundation
shade is the exact same color of my skin
so I don't want to you know add a
colored powder to distort the complexion
I also love how lightweight it is for
the summer months now it's time to work
on them brows or lack of them
Anastasia's brow Wiz has been one of my
Holy Grail products I have really sparse
eyebrow hair so I basically just draw
them into the shape that I want them to
I tend to draw them a little bit more
full with a slight arch honestly my
eyebrows kind of look different every
day because I just love consistency and
since my eyebrow hairs are black I go in
with a misogynist brow gel and caramel
to make them lighter like the shade of
my hair once the brows are finished I'm
gonna work on the eyes I'm using a
primer on my eyelids to make the
eyeshadow stick and not crease I'm going
in with a burnt sienna eyeliner and
using this as a base for the color I'm
about to pop on I just kind of make it
into a little bit of a moon shape and
using an eyeliner stick is going to make
the eye shadow color way more saturated
and more colorful in my Urban Decay vice
2 palette I'm using ambushed all over my
lid just add the shadow on top of the
eyeliner and
the best you can you don't have to be
perfect because we're just going to be
adding more shadows anyway
we're going to create more of an angled
look with tarts smolder eyeshadow stick
and brown and I'm going to just
physically draw a dramatic cat eye shape
on the outer thirds of the eye
I've decided to use espresso from the
lorac Pro palette which is just a nice
matte dark brown and you're just going
to pop that on top of the base that will
be created with the Tarte eyeliner to
even out the eyeshadow get a fluffy
blending brush and take a shade of brown
a couple of shades darker than your skin
tone and blow out the edges so it looks
seamless blending is an art form in
itself so be patient and keep practicing
to be honest I'm not very good at it
either I just I just kind of work with
what I got and just you know keep
blending until it looks okay to me and
then I just start my day
I'm going for a heavy eye makeup look so
I'm just going to add a dramatic wing
with a liquid eyeliner I really like
Urban Decay's liquid liner because of
the brush felt tips annoy the crap out
of me so I love liquid eyeliners that
come as a thin brush instead
we are adding even more drama and
definition to the boat by adding a taupe
colored eye pencil into the entire
bottom rim of the eye so just make sure
you just really coat it in there after
that's done curl your lashes if you got
little to no lashes like me you might be
interested in Lancome's cils booster or
CIL s booster it's basically a product
that Prime's your lashes and makes them
a little bit longer and thicker it goes
on white but trust me within a few
minutes the product dries clear then I'm
going to take a black mascara and apply
a generous amount onto the top and
bottom lashes
on a night out I'll apply three or even
four coats of mascara and they look kind
of spidery but honestly I really don't
mind or care I just like the way they
look because it's better than looking
like I have no lashes at all now that
the eyes are sorted it's time for
contour I'm using benefits hoola which i
think works really well with my skin
tone and taking that brush that came
with the product I go in and I'm going
to define the hollows of my cheek and I
even go above to the temples of my face
because I want that gorgeous bronzed
glow I'm taking tartes Amazonian clay
blush bronzer and then I'm going to
apply it to the apples of my cheeks for
a sunkissed look for even more of a
glowy look I'm taking the highlighter in
the Urban Decay Naked flushed palette
and popping that on to the highest point
of my cheeks a little bit on my nose and
then a bit on the chin my last place to
add some highlight is the inner corners
of my eyes to make my eyes pop even more
and make them look brighter because the
eye makeup is quite heavy I'm going for
a nice nude peach color shy girl has
been my favorite nude lipstick at the
moment because it's simultaneously nudes
and adds the perfect hint of apricot to
my lips now we're done with our look
this has been one of my favorite makeup
looks to do for a night out or even in
the day when I want to look a little bit
more glam I hope you enjoyed the
tutorial if you did please give a thumbs
up it will mean so much to me and I'll
see you next one bye
