everyone how was your Monday going I got
some bits in the mail so I thought I'd
just kind of compiled them all together
in a big and massive haul so I've got my
coffee sorted out and I thought I would
begin with the tops I absolutely love
white tops I honestly can't get enough
of them I love this one in particular
because half of the top is covered in
this great lovely feminine crochet
detail I love the fact that if you wear
it with dark bottoms it creates a really
cool layered effect this next white top
is a lot more formal this is a great way
to stay covered up but stay cool
temperature-wise
because it's really lightweight it's got
a really great eyelet cutout on the
trimming and you can wear all the way
buttoned up for a really classic look I
think this is one of the most hilarious
and colorful shirts that I own it's
basically Homer Simpson laid out in a
huge pile of junk food he looks like
he's in a food coma this top is a total
conversation starter and it's something
that I'd wear if I'm feeling more bold
that day I bought a sweater for those
cool summer nights out this is a cropped
cream jumper with a big B on it in small
letters you can see that it actually
says bummer which I thought was a cheeky
little touch it's really soft and
oversized so it's great for moods where
you're just feeling a little frumpy but
still want to look cute this is another
top that's going to be perfect for a
night out this is a sequined turtleneck
with a glittery eye on the chest this is
going to be an amazing top to wear on a
night out or dancing is going to be
involved because all the sequins are
going to come to life once the light
catches it I'm obsessed with items that
are made in that super soft like Jersey
material this one is a beige tank
covered with this gorgeous hamsa hand
print
this has been my favorite shirt to
lounge around the house in or wear for
casual occasions
here's another loose and comfy tank to
wear on just those casual chill days
this one has a cougar or some sort of
vicious feline either yawning or roaring
it can be a lot of things so it's open
for interpretation I guess my next hop
is a boxy one in this really cool I
print it's all over the front and back
it's basically a knockoff of the Kenzo
print but this top is a fraction of the
price I like how this is a little
so I can tie it into a little knot on
the front so I could have my crop to
look that I usually go for lately I've
been into that whole athletic sports
looks look this one is a fitted mesh
v-neck and it's all black and has these
really cute striped piping on the
neckline on the arms I'm actually
wearing this with a matching black mesh
skirt so it gives the illusion that I'm
wearing a dress when it's actually two
separates so that's it for the tops I'm
going to move on to the bottoms this is
a skin-tight holographic skirt and I
think it's a really fun and quirky way
to stand out in the crowd and a great
way to express yourself it's awesome to
pair with a fitted block tank for a sexy
sleek look or you can just kind of throw
over a chunky sweater for more of a
relaxed feel if that's what you're going
for this is another wacky piece that has
been added to my wardrobe this is a
vinyl miniskirt and like most items it
looks great when you pair it with black
and I think this in particular makes an
all-black outfit interesting because
there's a lot of different textures
going on I don't think summer is
complete without a perfect pair of denim
cutoffs
these are one of my favorite
high-waisted shorts and they've got a
really nice faded blue wash it's got
these really great distressed holey
parts on the edge of the shorts so it
reveals a little more skin in the most
flattering way these are another pair of
cut-offs that are high waisted and great
but instead of a zipper does a row of
buttons that lead to the closure
these are super comfy and are going to
be amazing to pair with all the crop
tops in my closet my next pair of shorts
are these white ones with this adorable
ruffle detail in this outfit I actually
worked with a white lace top which makes
it look like a cute romper but they're
actually separates I got the skirt for
those occasions where I want to look
more put-together and more mature this
is a long midi-length skirt in this
gorgeous blue minty color it flares out
into a very flattering and timeless
aline silhouette tropical prints are one
of my favorite patterns to wear for
summer there's just really wacky festive
and light-hearted these are some green
suspenders shorts that I'm wearing with
a little bra let I would love to wear
these on a trip to a tropical country
because I've got a thing for matching
and dressing up for a theme
adding even more color to my closet with
these red-hot shorts with a number 23 on
the bum if you've seen the music video
23 with Michael made it and my Cyrus
then these are no surprise to you
these are shorts that are very inspired
by Miley's outfit in the video my last
pair of shorts are these really
comfortable soft brocade printed ones I
absolutely love the little wooden beats
at the waistband I actually got the
matching shawl as well so that way I can
kind of float around the house and style
just because I'm staying indoors all day
doesn't mean I'm gonna wear something
whatever I think every minute is an
opportunity to wear something that you
love I thought that this dress was gonna
be perfect for a romantic date night
this is a navy dress with lace paneling
on the center and some lace trimming on
the edge I think this is a really
flattering silhouette for my body type
because it's got a high neckline and it
comes midway on the thigh for me I've
said this multiple times but I think
Univ could do no wrong in my book this
is one of my favorite pieces from them
they're a pair of fitted overalls with
distressing on the edge and this great
rainbow graphic on the chest I also
really love how the front panel curves
which makes this pair of overalls
different from the others I thought I
would end the haul with something that
makes me smile this is my new
holographic smiley purse it's got a
really long strap so I can just kind of
sling it across my shoulder and it's
another fun and gaudy piece that just
reminds me not to take life or fashion
too seriously so that concludes my epic
summer haul if you liked any of the
pieces then check the description box
because I will put links to them if
they're available and keep an eye out
because I'm probably going to be selling
most of these pieces and outfits in
future videos I hope you enjoy the rest
of your Monday and stay tuned for
another video this week bye
