all right first look I'm focusing this
outfit off my 1tsp boyfriend jeans the
ripped baggy and they basically feel
like pajamas I put together the genom
with this sleek and loose black tank and
the trick with styling a plain item is
to layer on the necklaces when you add a
necklace like this long Jade stone one
it just elongates the body and if it's
heavy enough it prevents a loose tank
from doing that weird tenting effect
that boobies tend to do round two is the
classic v-neck and denim shorts outfit
but this one's remixed this isn't just a
normal v-neck it's one that's super
slouchy and made from a really soft
material it's a bit longer so I did kind
of a half tuck in these adorable denim
shorts with distressing and dainty lace
trimming I think this is a perfect
casual outfit to wear for any daytime
activity my next outfit is great for
those days where you just feel bloated
and not 100% when I'm feeling this way I
like wearing items that I don't have to
tuck in and I just want to wear things
that are just gonna skim over my body
like the slightly oversized white top
with this gorgeous eyelet trimming on
the edge
my last outfit is one that looks super
fancy but it's only because I threw on
this gorgeous printed shawl it's got a
great fringe on it which makes every
step look incredibly dramatic because
I'm wearing a plain white tee underneath
I thought I just up by wearing a body
chain underneath I like doing this
because the ends of the chain peek out
for the bottom which i think is a great
unexpected touch I'm so happy you made
it to the end because it is giveaway
time shop so Z is giving way to $150
vouchers to the website all you're going
to do is like shop so Z's Facebook page
like the giveaway photo on their page
and comment which outfit was your
favorite and that's it make sure you hit
the description box for all the giveaway
deeds hope you enjoyed the video and
I'll see you my next one bye
