hey I'm back from LA and I found a bunch
of cool clips for you guys and I thought
I would make a video walking you through
what I did on that trip so it all
started at the Oakland Airport fYI I do
not live in LA I live in Oakland I
haven't lived in Southern California for
over three years
so if you thought I lived in LA then
surprise I don't I live up north I had
some time to kill the airport so I
ordered a Bloody Mary because why the
hell not it's hands down my favorite
cocktail because it's got a great blend
of savory and spiciness so those are my
two favorite things so when you combine
them together it's just magic I landed
pretty late but I got to see one of my
best friends Sarah and one she is not
dead - yes we're still friends okay so
this is what I've been up to I don't
know if everyone knows but I stopped
doing Close Encounters because I was
focusing on my major which is mechanical
engineering and so this is a robot I've
made mmm
little battle robot so it fights others
with this weapon but it broke off
because it's too powerful I'm at this
crazy mansion I believe it's called in
paramour mansion it is the most
incredible estate I've ever stepped my
foot on it is basically a huge castle a
modern-day castle filled with I don't
want to say hundreds of rooms because it
seriously feels like a maze like there's
three kitchens that look pretty much
identical when every floor there are
rooms within rooms there's closets when
I was actually filming the b-roll for
different rooms
I found someone on set and he was like
hey Jen make sure you don't go too deep
into the house because you're going to
get lost because this house is amazed
and it's absolutely amazing
so basically we are filming a music
video it's quite cool the whole cast is
here which is great and I'm really
excited and a bunch of my favorite
youtubers are here as well I feel very
grateful to be here and I'm super
excited I'm really anxious to see how
the music video turns out because one
I'm not a singer and two it was the
first time lip-synching so please be
gentle on me
it is definitely not my forte so yeah
I'll leave a little link right here I
know the video comes out tomorrow today
is Friday the video comes out on
Saturday so if you're watching this and
it's Saturday then this link should work
right here so you can just click it
right over here also if you haven't
watched all you pretty things yet you
should give it a try it's great to watch
and listen to you when you're just gonna
wind down plus I think the Wardrobe is
fantastic for both the guys and the
girls so you can watch it with this link
right over here and I will also put in
the description box that following
Sunday I got my hair done by the lovely
Miss Anna Lee Fiorito this is the end
result right here I know I put it in a
little bun but I just love it it's gonna
be so perfect for the summer I
absolutely love the way it came out and
for those who are wondering what color
is your hair I I don't know what to say
then like a honey brown with some
lighter highlights it's really hard to
tell or its owner to say I think it's
just easier to just bring a picture to
your hairstylist oh yeah I will link her
youtubes down below because she does
blogs with her awesome husband Jesse hi
Jesse if you're watching you're probably
not I will link their YouTube down below
so definitely give them a watch moving
on to the story after I got my hair done
I got invited to a launch dinner or a
launch party by Johnny the fourth they
were having this amazing 5 course
Mediterranean meal and there was falafel
it was hummus there was fish everything
I literally ate so much that night and
it was good seeing a few familiar faces
in LA and I met a couple new ones anyway
I hope you enjoyed this blog if you did
please give it a thumbs up what are your
plans this weekend I would love to know
are you turning up are you turning down
please comment down below I know I'm
gonna be going up this weekend
I am so excited take care I'll see you
in a couple days bye
