hey you it's me and it's also the end of
the month which means that I'll be
wrapping up all the things I loved in
May a beauty trend that I've been loving
to rock has been a purple lip I have
been obsessed with OCC's rollergirl
which is a very vibrant purple and I
love the formula in this because it's
very saturated blends on smooth and has
a really great lifespan I know purple
lips aren't everyone's cup of tea but I
am really enjoying it because whenever
I'm doing like a really dull or subdued
eye makeup look the purple lip just kind
of puts it all together lately I've been
loving that really fresh and glowy dewy
look and I think it's because summer is
coming up and I want to look like the
Sun is radiating within me and this look
right here is definitely a result of
this product right here
it's Urban Decay's flushed palette and
it comes with a bronzer a blush and this
amazing highlighter I've been getting so
much use from this trip and so after I
finished my makeup I like to get a brush
and place the product onto the highest
point of my cheeks and just a little bit
on the nose and I think it's a great way
to make any makeup look look super
summery I sent most of May in airplanes
and airports because I've been traveling
all around for work and honestly it's
been such an amazing and rewarding
experience but it's also very exhausting
and luckily I'm the type of person who
can nap anywhere I can up on a bench
I could definitely not on a plane but
the problem with the really long
ten-hour flights was that when I'd wake
up my neck would be extremely cramped
because of all the weird contorted
positions I'd sleep in and so when I was
in SFO
I saw this cart that was selling this
tempur-pedic neck pillow and after
buying this I was able to get some
serious sleep on planes without having
and my neck cramped up or anything and I
know this is a random favorite but this
thing has saved my life so I had to give
it a little shoutout another favorite
that has kept me occupied during long
flights has been audible if you've seen
my videos you know that I'm a huge fan
of audiobooks because I love to read but
I'm always on the go audible has saved
me from a lot of dark times in my life
including the I in fact
that rocked my world two months ago
drives from the bay to LA and now
audible has made my flights so much more
enjoyable
I just finished cat's cradle by Kurt
Vonnegut and that is such an Alerus book
that's gonna take you on a crazy ride it
loosely reminded me of catch-22 but it's
a lot easier to follow you can download
it for free using this URL right here
and if this book doesn't interest you
whatever there are literally hundreds
and thousands of options in their
library and if you still don't manage to
find one then you are one picky person
I'm a hacker all you guys all know this
I'm even wearing a hat right now of
course and one hat that I've been
especially loving has been the straw one
from Urban Outfitters
it's been a really great way to cover up
bad roots greasy hair from flights and
to just frame my face it makes for a
fantastic warm weather hat because it
doesn't retain that much heat and it's
also just a really easy breezy hat that
just adds a fresh touch to all my looks
I'm gonna wrap up this favourites with
musical artist her name is angel haze
and I've been listening to her EP New
York non-stop honestly these four songs
on this EP have been keeping me going
whenever I've been feeling tired or
unmotivated they just give me this surge
of energy which has been amazing her
song supreme has spoken to me in so many
different ways I think the song is about
facing your worst in order to be your
best I think it means dealing with your
insecurities dismissing haters that are
guaranteed to be in your life and also
blocking out negative energy in order to
get to the end point and your goal
whenever I've been feeling down about my
work or personal life I just turn on
this song and I would feel like I can do
it again
so those are all my favorites in May I
hope you enjoyed it
it would make me so happy if you gave
this video a thumbs up and also if you
commented what inspired you last month
I would love to read about it hit that
description box if you want a free
audiobook and if you want to listen to
angel he's a song I'll put all the links
down below thank you so much for
watching and I'll see you my next video
bye
