what's good folks it's Jen I have back
in Oakland after a gnarly week of
traveling and to be honest it feels so
amazing being back home for this video
I'm so stoked to tell you about a
project that I do with daily like a
couple weeks ago they flew me down to
their office in Los Angeles and I was
guest toss of the day so that meant that
I created 12 completely different looks
and to be honest I really really enjoyed
myself I think if I wasn't doing YouTube
I would probably be doing something in
styling I am going to be showing you
four out of the 12 looks that I styled
this is one of the first looks that I
created because it just kind of came
naturally within me it's something I'd
wear on a girls night out with Stephanie
and I usually don't wear color but if I
do it's usually blue I wore a cobalt
blue moto vest and I matched it with an
origami skirt in the same color
underneath I kept it neutral but funky
with a white checkered sheer top I chose
this black and white clutch because I
thought the lattice coordinated with the
grid top for shoes I wanted to have a
summer feel so I added some cream heels
my next outfit is something I wear for
more of a formal and conservative event
like a work dinner a wedding or even
some sort of service this dress is great
for those kind of occasions since the
arms are covered and the length of the
skirt comes just a little above the
knees I think it's a really modest
silhouette I think my personality still
shines through because of the wacky
pattern and the statement necklace I
picked the structured purse because I
thought it'd be fun to add a pop of
unexpected color and neons are always a
good way to just pop that in I wanted to
create a look for something I would wear
for industry events like beautycon for
example and this is a look that really
screams statement because I'm wearing
all white so I just naturally shift to
the brightness I built this outfit
around these white leather trousers and
I thought I'd make them more interesting
by pairing it with this printed bathing
suit top I think the bikini works in
this cases the trousers so high-waisted
so I thought you're showing your entire
belly or anything I added a white bomber
style jacket to this look because I'm
having a big moment with matching sets I
think
it's just a really easy way to look put
together and look like you made a lot of
effort into your outfit when really
you're just wearing the same color top
and bottom I had some long necklaces to
elongate the body and then I wore some
minimal heels so that all the focus and
attention is on the outfit my last look
features this really drop-dead gorgeous
long gray gown maxi dresses always make
me feel so regal and feminine and this
is how I wear this dress if I was just
going on a date and I think this is
perfect to wear for a summer dinner I
added a fringe clutch because I think
every outfit just needs to be a little
bit of wacky for me now this is how I'd
rock the jacket for a girls night out
all I did was at this really amazing a
buttery soft fringe jacket and I think
it just totally transforms the look the
fringe adds so much movement and texture
to this classic dress and I think it's
gonna be really great to boogie in and
also I didn't add any accessories since
the jacket was such a loud and
flamboyant piece alright so those are
four of the 12 outfits that I styled if
you're interested in looking at the rest
of it then hit the description box
because all that goodness will be down
below I would love it if you would give
this video a thumbs up and comment which
outfit you'd see yourself rocking I
would love to know and I guess that's it
thank you so much for watching and also
a huge thank you to daily look for
letting me be your guest stylist and
invited me to your studio and letting me
raid your warehouse for those living in
the States I hope you had a great
Memorial holiday and for those who live
in the UK I believe it's bank holiday
whatever that means
I don't got a day off so I hope you
enjoyed your Monday alright so that's it
I'll chitchat with you in a few days bye
