Oh
hi everyone I am in Singapore officially
I'm so excited to be here because it was
an absolute mission to get my butt to
Singapore
I'm here because SK 2 is having this
crazy conference they invited bloggers
all around the world to try out their
products and really introduce us to the
brand the theme of the conference is
beauty wonderland so everything has an
Alice in Wonderland theme so all the
little bottles and packets and even
drinks have little signs that say eat me
drink me use me so I thought that was
really cute I always love when people
commit to a theme I had the most amazing
breakfast in Singapore so far oh my gosh
that breakfast had everything they like
they had roles they had shumai they had
fried rice they had salami locks
everything poached eggs I was literally
dying doughnuts okay I'm gonna stop
because I'm gonna just found out every
food that I saw but I had the most
amazing breakfast and then we had a
video conference call with Cate
Blanchett and I was so starstruck I
couldn't even ask a question because I
was so nervous I thought I was just
gonna start it and be like Kate Kate
Kate I love you anyway I feel like I'm a
rapper here everything is just so legit
they even printed out a sign for me when
they had the car service picking up the
airport I've never had anyone laminate
my name on this nice paper it's crazy
I am dressed in all white because that
is a theme for tonight's dinner and to
fill you guys in the u.s. bloggers and I
we went to the SK to counter at tongs
tongues
I'm totally pronouncing that wrong and
it was really great because each of us
got a customized bag of products that
would be good for our skin type and now
I'm gonna head out to dinner because it
is time to eat okay I'm really crazy
basically my friend we need to hit me up
and was like do you wanna do something
crazy I thought it was going to be
something that you ate for some reason
no she wants me to go on this crazy
contraption I freaking hate Heights I
can't stand them but I'm gonna go on it
because I'm in Singapore and I feel like
I should do it and it's also peer
pressure good news it started raining
and they shut down the ride so I don't
have to go on it anymore
they're gonna wait ten minutes to see if
they're gonna make the ride go on again
but I don't think it is
yeah
good morning today we are at sk2
headquarters I'm assuming when this
giant conference hall and we're going to
get a briefing on all the amazing
products and we're going to see the
science behind the amazing sk2 chemistry
never my forte
all the tribes are okay I wanna thank
you
customers I want to put in my god
you look what I did a bejeweled a
starter support the jetlag is sleeping
in I have a meet and greet at 7:30 at
pies and coffee that's the name I'm very
tired but I think if I see you guys I
will get a surge of energy again she
said a good youtuber and dedicated to
all you guys hey
yesterday I'm like faking it it's true
Peter $20 say that
boys
Oh
