thank you very much
hi everyone we are officially in Palm
Springs I'm staying at the JW Marriott
and here is my girl Stephanie aka
soothing sista probably already know by
now Oh check out fisheye analysis smelly
sista yeah she said smiling a lot of
things on the trip especially the new
hotel creams and lotions and shampoos
yeah she's loving it the turbulence was
so fun - I know I was like freaking out
and she was like yeah I was like trying
to grab onto her but she was like I
don't know if she does I do her own
thing
she's just having so much fun but yeah I
like deal with grabbing onto a wall huge
huge props to seven for all mankind for
organizing this I am so completely
grateful and I'm having so much fun
everyone is day three of Coachella the
last day I'm sorry I didn't get to vlog
that much yesterday it was definitely a
world wind whirlwind whirlwind we
actually picked up a new housemate we
saw her just extract in the street she
looked like she didn't know where to go
like a lost puppy and then we drove up
we met in New York Fashion Week like
last year right yeah yeah and so we met
up with her at neon carnival and now
she's stay with us
now
satisfied it's a Sun God justice should
be higher
yeah yeah
