what's up folks its Jen that today must
be the hottest day of the year so far it
is a good 80 degrees up in the bay and
it actually feels pretty nice anyway I
thought I would film my April favorites
because I wanted to wrap up all the
goodness which was last month so a
couple of weeks ago I went to New York
and I forgot to pack my dry shampoo
which sucked because my hair gets pretty
greasy so I stumbled into an Urban
Outfitters and I ran across the batiste
dry shampoo and I've heard a lot of
great things about it from other
youtubers and I thought I would give it
a try
and those reviews were not kidding first
off the formula kind of smells like
cookies or some sort of pastry or that's
what it smells like to me it just smells
really really heavenly and number two it
does a really good job sucking up all
the oils and grease enos in your hair
and just leaving it really nice and
fluffy and voluminous I did purchase the
normal formula so make sure if you spray
it you should rub it in thoroughly so
you don't have a white cast I have been
using a new toner I've been using lushes
breath of fresh air and I used to use
origins white tea toner but I just
wasn't that committed to it so I thought
I would try a new one and this one is a
lot cheaper and I think it's just as
effective my skin has been totally on my
good side recently and maybe it's
because of the new toner I'm using I'm
not sure maybe it's just the weather
that's changing after I wash my face I
spritz it on my face a couple of times
and I just kind of gently Pat it until
it dries and then after the toner
I'll just moisturize as usual and I
really love the spray nozzle because now
I don't have to use a cotton round every
time I use toner I can just spray it and
I can be a little bit more
environmentally conscious next up I have
a movie recommendation and if you have
not seen this movie you have to go see
it right now it's American History X and
it's been on my to watch list for years
it's about two brothers played by Edward
Norton and Edward Furlong and they're
part of this neo-nazi movement and
Edward Norton plays the older brother
and he ends up committing a really
serious crime and when he comes out of
prison he doesn't want his younger
brother following in his footsteps I
think the film did a really great job
showing us how destructive and
devastating the nature of racism is and
one point that really resonated with me
it was the fact that hate is baggage and
life is too short to be pissed off all
the time and just a warning this movie
like all of my film recommendations is
very graphic so if you have a light
stomach I I still think you should watch
it but just so you're not surprised
there's gonna be blood these days I've
been listening to a lot of Kurt Vile
more specifically smoking for my halo I
think it's just a really good thing to
listen to you whether you're really sad
or you're happy I think it's the type of
music that is really versatile to your
mood and it's just been really cutting a
deep for me and my favorite songs from
the album are probably baby's arms and
peeping tom boy I will link the songs in
the description box in case you want to
give it a listen so in the beginning of
this year I went into a vintage shop in
the mission called no and I saw this
beautiful Coach backpack just hung on
the wall I asked the shopkeeper how much
it was and she said it was $100 and I
didn't feel like spending hundred
dollars on a backpack at that moment so
I walked away because she wouldn't
handle and so I thought I was over it
but that wasn't the case because every
outfit I created I just kept on thinking
this outfit with a really great if I had
that Coach backpack and so I have been
thinking about this for months and
months and finally I went back to the
store in April with Stephanie and I saw
that they still had the backpack no one
else got it long story short the
backpack is mine now and I'm so
incredibly happy it is a little bit
smaller than what I'm used to I'm used
to carrying like a huge backpack when I
go out because I want to put everything
in there you know water bottle a snack
you know for lip glosses but I think
that with this backpack I really have to
downsize and just carry what I actually
need and it's kind of better for me
because now I'm not carrying my entire
life with me on my bag I'm only carrying
my necessities so that wraps up all my
favorites from last month if you were
loved
anything last month feel free to comment
down below and let me know what it was
because I would absolutely love to read
it make sure you get that description
box if you want any of the links to
anything and I guess that's it I will
see you my next video and stay safe bye
