well hello everyone I am officially in
New York
I am completely exhausted it's raining
outside but I'm in a good mood because I
just ordered room service so that dork
is gonna knock anytime now and it's
gonna bring me a heaping pile of food
anyway I'm here in New York because 7:00
for all mankind and Teen Vogue sent me
here I'm actually taking over seven for
all mankinds Instagram for Coachella
which is in a couple of days anyway
tomorrow I am doing a meet-and-greet at
their Soho store so if you guys come out
I am really excited to meet you and take
a photo and just hear about what you
guys have to say because I mean this
whole talking to the camera feels very
one-dimensional sometimes so it's really
great to put a face behind the username
and yeah I'm really excited to see you
guys since it's raining I think I'm just
going to take a really easy night in I
am just going to edit my hair tutorial
video that I film for you guys I am
staying at the standard hotel and a
Meatpacking District and I just love the
decor here I think the best part about
the room is this weird blind partition
that goes directly into the tub okay
things with glasses is so much better
good morning it is day two in New York
I'm about to head out for a lunch date
with my friend melody I am so excited I
met her at New York Fashion Week a
couple of months ago so it's going to be
great to reconnect with her it looks
like the weather's throwing up the Sun
is out and I'm wearing the same shirt
that I wore yesterday and the day before
it looks like I'm doing an out for the
day in this mirror I feel like I'm
having a Clair moment right now um hey
Claire if you're watching so let's start
with the shirt I am wearing a dead
kennedys vintage top and then a grey
hoodie from American Apparel a grey coat
from lovely wholesale some Topshop jeans
and then I'm wearing some Cheetos socks
and I'm probably know where my shop Suzy
Patton boots because they're super
comfortable to walk in all right so I
I'm gonna head out the door and I will
talk to you guys in a bit
okay I am in Santa Monica so this is
City number two as you can see my hair
has changed annalee went crazy on it I
don't know what you did she just does
her thing if you have any questions feel
free to ask her I am obsessed with his
hair it is going to be perfect for
Coachella I've always wanted to go
lighter so kind of works out for me I am
staying at the Viceroy and the hotel is
absolutely gorgeous I was working all
morning so I wasn't able to do like a
housekeeping or anything so right now my
room is kind of a mess like the bed
isn't really done I am sorry for the
mess this is what it looks like
I wish it were clean this is where I was
working all morning I had about three
cups of these I was completely shaking
after the second cup but coffee will be
the death of me
and what I love about this hotel is just
the marbling everywhere I'm obsessed
with marble backgrounds and look the
entire frickin restroom is covered in
marble so I'm kind of in my dream right
now this bathtub is significantly
smaller than the one in standard but
it'll do it'll do Pig right now I think
my brother is going to pick me up and
then we're just going to hang out for a
bit and then we're gonna have dinner
with the family I feel like I haven't
seen my parents in ages in case you
don't know I don't live in Los Angeles I
live in the Bay which is Northern
California or if you want to be really
technical it's kind of like central
California chances are we're gonna get
Korean barbecue because that's just how
we roll in the in residence and then
later tonight stephanie is going to fly
over from the bay to Santa Monica and so
she's going to spend the night with me
and then we're gonna start our Coachella
adventure and I guess that would be a
different part of the vlog so I'm going
to fill you in on what I'm doing now I
am back in the hotel and this time I'm
with Stephanie hey Steph and we are just
packing for Coachella now we have to
pack all our bags before 8 a.m.
about your airplane nightmare I got to
the airport this morning and only to
find out that my flight was cancelled I
was at SFO and then I had to go to
Oakland to catch another flight and it
was just all bad but it's okay I'm here
now that's all that matters
yeah but you got your time rose dude
yeah dude totally ready
Oh Coachella ready look at this whoa
yeah actually somebody on my Instagram
when I previously had this done like
they were like make sure to put
sunscreen on your scalp and I was like
that is so smart because oh could you
imagine having this many weird burns in
on your scalp
we got the itinerary for Coachella
tomorrow I think this is where I'm going
to end this vlog the whole LA New York
vlog and manna Coachella will be its own
entity I hope you enjoyed this video
there were no out for the days nunya but
I just wanted to see what a more candid
vlog would be like if you like these
videos give it a thumbs up and talking a
lot more maybe you'll like it not
