hey it's Jen I recently got a bunch of
amazing Korean makeup products and I
thought what better way to spend my
morning than to fill a little haul for
you so I'm going to start off with my
favorite product which is this
foundation from a dude house it's their
precious mineral any cushion and I'm in
the shade honey beige w24 which is the
perfect shade for me I think this is a
great foundation for those who just want
a really light and natural finish my
skin has been behaving quite well and
I've been wanting to keep it that way so
it's been my main priority to just put
less layers on my face and just letting
it breathe to apply it I just dip a
stippling brush into that weird cushiony
thing and I just Pat it across my face
then I just put some powder on it and
that's it one layer is all I need for
just a nice effortless look I'm going to
shimmy into the lip products I got this
hilarious little thing which is a lip
conditioning mask from Tony moly
basically you just slap it on your lips
for 15 minutes and your lips are left
looking baby but smooth and ultra
hydrated this is great for when you know
you're gonna put on a really severe
matte lipstick and you don't want your
lips to look like shriveling prunes also
a little hint if you have a person that
just won't stop talking you can suggest
them this lip mask and then they'll shut
up for a couple of minutes and you can
enjoy your peace and quiet
the first lipstick I want to show you is
my favorite one it is by ood house and
it's in there
I think it's called like the jelly lips
formula and it's in the shade jpk 0:03
and thus lipstick is a cross between a
lipstick a lip tint and a lip gloss
there's just a lot of things and I
absolutely love it its sheer not very
fussy and a perfect summer color I'm
moving wearing it right now next up is
just a full blown lipstick this one is
from 3ce II which I believe is Stella
Nando's cosmetic lion I picked out a
really vibrant shade of orange because
as you know your girl loves to rock the
orange lip personally I've always been a
fan of the orange lip because it's a
little less common usually when you go
out you see a red lip or a hot pink one
and so I think the orange deserves a
little bit more cred my last lip color
is another one from a dude house and I
definitely have some mixed feelings
about this one first off its a
gorgeous color it's the salmon / coral
and I think it's just very flattering
for my skin tone second it kind of
smells like Sanrio candy so if you're
not into sweet smelling things I don't
think this is the product for you
personally I love it
third you just apply it with a wand and
it dries very very matte and so it looks
great for an hour so and then it just
starts cracking it looks like you just
have like a bunch of powder on your lips
I would say it's a little bit too
high-maintenance for my taste because
I'm not the type of person who's gonna
go check in with my mirror and see if
it's okay but if you're down for the
upkeep then it's a gorgeous color and
should go for it I've been on the market
for a new eye makeup remover I was using
Lancome's I make up remover and it's
fantastic but just really damn expensive
and so I didn't feel like slurring on it
again so I went with this one this is
misha's green tea whip and eye makeup
remover and I would say it works just as
well as the Lancome one but it's a
fraction of the price I just put it in a
cotton round let it chill in my eye for
a couple of seconds and I just wipe it
off it takes off waterproof eyeliner and
mascara and that makes me a very happy
girl so that was my short and sweet
Korean cosmetics haul I will put the
link to everything in description box
and they ship from the United States so
shipping isn't crazy absurd amount so
check it out I'm working on filming a
makeup tutorial they're honestly not my
favorite to film but I love you guys and
so I'm gonna do it for you
just give me a little bit more time if
you like this video give it a thumbs up
it really helps with my morale and gives
me the drive to continue filming and
yeah I guess that's it I'll see you in a
couple of days and thank you for
watching bye
you
