hi everyone it's Jen met today I'll be
styling the very tricky piece the mom
jeans now if you're sick of wearing
skinny jeans all the time or boyfriend
jeans are a little bit too intense for
you
I think the mom Jean is a good
compromise because it's looser than the
skinny jeans but it's more tapered than
the boyfriend jean and so I have two
options of mom jeans one pair I got
Urban Outfitters for around $70 but
that's why I have a thrift adoption and
this one I got for around $10 but
thrifting you're gonna have to kind of
take your time be a little bit more
patient until you find the mom jeans
that are perfect for your body I'll be
selling them in four different ways so
let's get started
Oh
all right so those are all the looks
have I converted you would you ever try
out mom names if so which outfit was
your favorite I would love to read your
comments down below if you like I
haven't talked you out in such a long
time I've been traveling so much but I'm
trying to get back on the ball and fill
more of these videos for you so I hope
you enjoyed the video and I will see you
next time bye
