I always love going the extra mile in
the fashion world which is why I'm
obsessed with these totally ripped up
boyfriend jeans they've got tons of
holes all over the front and back so I
added a long tank for the top half and
then I tucked it under my tummy for an
effortless and casual look
neoprene is such a cool and futuristic
fabric it kind of feels like scuba
material if you've never felt it before
I like to think that this skirt has a
mind of its own since it's always so
rigid and stays perfectly a lie
let's go back in the day and rock
something totally 90s layering a sweater
with a button-up is a simple way to pay
respect that wonky era and I also think
it's a functional way to stay warm and
look your best
member
there are some days where I just want to
chuck on a really huge and ill-fitting
jacket and this moto coat does just the
trick when I wear a huge top-heavy item
like this I make sure I balance it out
by keeping the bottom portion of my
outfit really sleek
this look is great if you're going out
to two separate events on the same day
for a classic day outfit the speckled
coat adds a classy and put together look
for a dressy elephant I'm wearing a
black sheer tank with a bunch of
intricate beadwork on it and I think
that this outfit is just a really
versatile one that you can walk all day
long
I love pairing neutral pieces it's super
flashy ones on top I knew to drill out
with these beige pieces and because
everything else is really subdued my
dark floral pj pants they just really
stand out and pop
it's a good thing you made it to the end
because it is officially giveaway time
five winners are going to win a $50
voucher for young hungry free and all
you got to do is follow their Instagram
like this photo which can be found on
their Instagram page and leave us a
comment on that photo telling us what
you're excited for spring other than
that I wish you a killer weekend if you
want more spring outfit videos give this
video a thumbs up and I'll see you my
next video bye
it's not my fault
