hi everyone I am heading out to
Coachella in a couple of weeks and I'm
super excited because this is my first
time ever attending I've been to other
music festivals like Lollapalooza
outside lands even Burning Man but I'm
so happy that I can finally cross out
Coachella off that list I thought it
would be a really great opportunity to
show you some of my favorite music
festival must-haves from one of my
favorite brands that sense personally I
love to travel like music festivals
because I hate being weighed down by all
my belongings so that's why I picked out
this really small cute crossbody bag I
thought this was a great size because it
only has room for my absolute essentials
like my ID a credit card and probably a
small camera this purse has a Western
feel to it because of the turquoise gem
embedded in the front and the stitching
around the edges and in case I want to
bring a water bottle or a canteen I can
always use that hook and hang it on the
straps so that way I can stay hydrated -
assuming that Coachella is gonna be
scorching hot I thought a dress would be
a wise option to pack instead of going
with a plain and timeless dress I
decided to go all-out and wore a printed
dress
I think this print makes a huge
statement and this way I don't have to
worry about coordinating a top with the
bottom with this dress all of it is done
for you and just in case I'm scared of
pulling a Marilyn Monroe moment I'm
gonna make sure I wear some biker shorts
underneath
I thought packing a maxi dress would be
a good option because I am one of those
people who love to mix and match their
pieces and I love this dress because you
can wear it just as it was designed to
like a flowy and feminine dress or you
can wear it as a cover-up for a layered
and quirky look I think both outfits
would be perfect for a festival
I chose this busy zigzag printed sweater
just in case it gets cold during the
night and when I saw this sweater I knew
I was gonna pattern mix I paired it with
some flowy leopard shorts I chose this
print because it is a pattern neutral
aka it goes with everything and I think
this combination makes a really
whimsical and flirty outfit a basic
staple item for a festival is a crochet
top you've seen it all over tumblr
reblog thousands of times they're
summery and they're gonna keep you cool
when the temperature rises a great way
to spice up a crochet top is to add some
jewelry layering a bunch of necklaces to
this top creates a laid-back bohemian
look when you're adding necklaces make
sure that all of them hit at a different
length so that way you can showcase each
individual pendant I think ankle boots
aren't just a festival must have they're
a life must-have because they're
incredibly versatile these boots are
really great height and they're really
comfortable so I don't have to worry
about my feet aching by the end of each
day one of my favorite details of this
boot is that mini slit near the front
because it shows just a tiny bit of skin
if that ankle option was a little bit
too tame for you I have a more of a bold
statement these are my gray lace-up
thigh high boots and they're gonna be
great for pushing yourself through a
crowd if you're going in with just a
bare leg there's a high likelihood that
you're gonna end up with scratches or
bruises but these boots will act as a
forcefield or a shield against you and
the masses I think it's a good idea to
bring a button-down because you can
utilize it in multiple ways one way you
can wear it is just wearing it as it is
this one is in a fresh acid wash print
you can wear it as a jacket in case you
a little bit cold and that extra layer
add a little bit more umph to your
outfit and lastly you can just tie it
around your waist for a 90s look this
top is good to have on hand because of
its versatility so those are all my
music festival must-haves I might be
filming another video involving what I
actually pack you might Coachella carry
on if you want me to film that give this
video a thumbs up and I'll take that as
an indication that you want it if you're
looking for more inspiration you can
check out thread senses video and me
shop their lookbook I'll make sure I'll
put everything in the description box
including all the outfit links to check
it out if you're interested once again
thank you so much for watching I'll see
you in a couple of days bye
