hey what's up welcome back to a short
and sweet episode of what would Jen wear
this is recomment where you tweet me
your fashion dilemma and I answer it but
before we get into that I have some
really exciting news to share with you I
styled and modeled a music festival
lookbook with shop Suzy they flew me out
to Palm Springs and I created some
really warm and effortless outfits that
would be perfect for Coachella if you're
interested in looking at the lookbook
head on over to shop Suzie calm and let
me know what you think about the images
with that said let's go to on straight
to the tweets the first tweet comes from
Godstone I just got accepted to my dream
school what do you suggest for my first
day of art school
well first off congratulations on
getting accepted to your dream school
that must feel absolutely amazing
so I'm going to assume that there is no
strict dress code because I'm gonna
assume that it's a college and so this
is what I would wear on my first day to
art school I would say that this is very
true to my style it's bold
risky and playful I thought I'd jazz up
and all-white outfit by throwing on a
baggy Jean lapel jacket I checked myself
out in some statement accessories and
then wore my Glock dicks and since it's
an art school your peers are probably
going to be more in tune with the trends
going on and they'd appreciate someone
who isn't afraid to express themselves I
know I would if I was going to art
school next up I've got a tweet from
moco neon I have plenty of snap backs
but never really know how to style them
help
so snap backs have been my absolute jam
lately especially when I'm pairing an
outfit for a night out on the town I
chose to style my bad asset snapback
because this is the one I've been
grabbing to the most I think it's
because it adds a hint of color to my
otherwise neutral outfits I wore a high
neck polo top with some tattered
boyfriend jeans from case tell me and
for the most part adding a snapback
isn't really a calculated decision for
me I just put it on whenever I feel like
it I think as long as it feels good just
throw it on I just go with what feels
right so I suggest you do the same
here's a tweet from question for Jen I
bought a pair of pj pants recently but
I'm not sure on how to go about styling
it any suggestions Thanks I'm a huge
supporter of wearing pj pants 24/7
last year I bought this pair of paisley
printed PJ bottoms from Uniqlo with an
intention of wearing it in for lounging
and also for going out in I spruce them
up by adding a thick woven belt by
adding this it cinches the waist and
creates a put together outfit I wore a
basic gray top to neutralize the pattern
and wore some tall strappy platforms
give me a few inches I've got a tweet
from Kimberly how would you spice up an
outfit for spring I love the spring
colors but I want to maintain an edgy or
casual style I think it's totally
possible to have a casual and edgy
spring outfit one of my favorite spring
and summer colors is a bright yellow and
so I styled an outfit around my almost
neon yellow cardigan I love pairing
bright colors with neutrals so I'm or a
white open top and my tan denim cutoffs
it's edgy because I stepped on a lot of
jewelry and it's still casual since I'm
wearing some gladiator style flats so
the last question comes from lucky
number Alex and she asks what would your
go-to outfit be for a shopping day slash
chill day with friends if I'm just
having a low-key day with some homies
and I just want to keep it casual I go
straight to my comfort zone and I'll
wear a baggy graphic tee I think it's
easy to slipping out of if I'm trying
out clothes and dressing room because I
don't want to look too sloppy I added a
beige trench coat I think it also makes
it a little bit more spring appropriate
and I paired everything with my busted
knees skinnies if you can't tell if I
now I'm having a serious moment with
distressed denim so those are all the
questions I chose for this round if
you'd like to be featured in the next
episode feel free to tweet me at I'm
genom with your fashion dilemma and
don't forget to use the tag WWJ w so I
can find it if you enjoyed this video
and you want me to keep this segment
give this video a thumbs up and also
open the description box for output
links and for the lookbook info from
shop Susy I love you all and I'll see
you later this week bye
