hi I am so excited that spring is just
around the corner so I thought I would
kind of spread this enthusiasm out by
showing you some new spring items for my
closet so surprise I'm gonna start off
this video with something that involves
color here I have this purple sweater
from obey the sweater kind of reminds me
of the Nirvana logo with a smiley face
but this one has a few modifications to
it like the spray-painted eyes I thought
it would just be a fun way to add some
color into my wardrobe and keep my edge
my next jumper is a black one that has
wierdo written across it and I have my
suspicions that this is a wash to
Radiohead's creep if it is thumbs up to
you Jacka Vanek I just love how it's in
this trippy rainbow font it's borderline
tacky which is what I love about it my
name is Jen and I'm addicted to
collecting budweiser sweaters I think
this is my second one that I've added to
my collection and I definitely want to
have more not sure why I like it because
Budweiser is definitely my least
favorite type of beer actually I take
that back
I think Heineken know I know Heinekens
my least favorite beer and I guess
Budweiser comes out like I don't know it
gets lumped into PBR but that is a
different conversation we're not here to
talk about beer we're here to talk about
fashion I think I just really like the
Budweiser logo because it's very
Americana super classic next up I have
this easy breezy flowy tank top I like
that it's tropical but not so
in-your-face instead of being like a
multitude of colors it's just kind of
black and why so it's the perfect top
for me I am all about tops that have
really clean and thin straps I think
there's something very minimalistic and
feminine about this silhouette I think
my favorite part about this top is the
delica embroidery on the chest because
it reminds me of a beautiful doily
here's another white and delicate top
but this one is from daily look it has
this cool cutout cute detail all along
the trim
I think it makes it even more airy and
light for the spring I also love the cut
on the chest I think it looks really
tasteful and kind of sporty because of
the high neckline growing up home alone
was under my favorite movies to watch
even when it wasn't Christmas and so
when I saw this t-shirt floating around
Etsy I had to get it Harry and Mark are
hilarious villains and the Wet Bandits
is like their trademark name I do have a
warning about this shirt although it's
super soft and nice to wear the graphic
is really cheaply made it's really
glossy and it's so obvious that they
just like ironed it on and slapped onto
the shirt but whatever I will look past
that because I love home-loan so much I
think a vest is a fantastic way to wear
and create dimension to an outfit and I
love this vest in particular because it
shows the actual outfit some of us that
I wear they just kind of like tend to
over my outfit so you can't see like
what shirt I'm wearing or anything but
this one kind of tapers into the back so
you're able to see your full outfit this
next item is probably my finder of the
month I picked it up at Zara in the
little boy's department
this jacket is supposed to fit a boy
from the ages 12 to 14 and apparently
people with my body type
I love the warm brown tone it has and I
think it looks amazing when you pair it
with cold this is the perfect dress to
wear to a tea party I've been dying to
go get a high tea of someone but I guess
I'll just have to keep this dress on
reserve until that event pops up
I love how dramatic the skirt billows
out and how it just cinches the waist
it's incredibly girly and feminine and I
just feel like a princess whenever I
wear it this next dress is a lot more
elegant I get kind of a sleek and
sensual vibe from it and I love how it's
off the shoulder because it makes it
instantly sexy the cutouts on the top
and the bottom of the dress are a nice
touch too for a more lighthearted and
casual piece I have this Airy white
spring dress it has this insane
embroidery all along the front making it
interesting and different from the
typical white dress next up I have an
item that is going to be perfect for a
night out I have these sequin shorts it
kind of looks like a skirt at a glance
because of the sequin layer but nope
they're actually just shorts I love how
these
sequins are insanely sparkly they've got
more of a muted Sparkle these black
woven sandals are really great for a
woman whether these kind of remind me of
shoes I had when I was younger so they
have a nostalgic quality to them and I
think that these casual shoes would be
perfect to wear with dresses or baggy
denim the next pair of shoes I'm gonna
show you are from the brand yes and
these ones are called Northern Lights
and these are just a gorgeous cutout
boot with this eye catching gold buckle
and that gold details even on the toe
cap and I swear these boots are gonna be
awesome to strut around in for a spring
event so now I'm gonna get a little bit
more intense with my shoe options this
shoe is called the Donna and they
definitely make me feel like a diva
these shoes are going to be perfect for
a wild girls night out I think they're
just a sexy statement platform that
makes me feel like the goddess have you
ever loved a shoe so much that you
really couldn't decide what two colors
to pick well this is what happened to me
with the shoe this one is called the
Galactic and my first love was the boot
in Pearl and I've been loving white
shoes because they look so fresh and
bright with outfits I also got them in
black because I wanted to add another
monster platform boot into my collection
and both shoes have a patent finish so
they look really sparkly and fun my last
pair of shoes I'm gonna show you are
from Aldo I actually featured these
shoes on my New York Fashion Week vlog
at the collar presentation and a little
annotation next to the shoes saying like
that I needed them and it was amazing
because a couple of you knew where those
shoes are from and so you wrote down a
link and I immediately put them into my
shopping cart after I saw that comment
so thank you for those who showed me
where those shoes were from so that was
my massive spring haul feel free to
comment down below and tell me what your
favorite piece was or what piece you'd
like to have in your wardrobe and if you
like this video or if you want me to
film more hauls give this video a thumbs
up it would make me really happy and I
think that's it I will see you in my
next video bye
a drink
