do you have those bolt pieces in your
wardrobe that barely see daylight yeah
well me too
so I thought I'd pick five items in my
closet that even I have trouble styling
first up is this faux fur coat something
as fluffy and loud as this immediately
becomes the centerpiece of an outfit a
good motto for a loud piece is when in
doubt tone it down
so I decided to wear all black because
it really Slim's down the coat I'm
wearing items that are going to
streamline my body and make them look
leaner and taller round two I've got the
shiny looking vinyl skirt it's very 80s
and very in-your-face I tried to make
the skirt less dominatrix survive adding
a cozy knit cardigan the cardigan
softens and warms up the cold texture of
the skirt and I think it makes it semi
casual and definitely wearable
lately I've been having trouble styling
pieces that are super colorful and I
think that's because my first instinct
is to wear all black
this jacket is a vibrant cobalt blue and
had these gorgeous pleather lapels I
wanted this look to be clean-cut and
casual so I paired it with this cream
button-down from Zara this top is a
super easy DIY just get an old
button-down and hack off the bottom
although skinny jeans are an essential
in a closet sometimes it's fun to play
around with a silhouette and wear
something a little bit more masculine so
I'm styling a pair of thick Tweed
trousers I think they're a great piece
for a work environment but today I'm
styling it more as a casualties I stab
it with the sheer tank with triangle
outlines and I think it's an interesting
contrast between business and leisure
lastly I thought I'd saw these shoes
they're tricky to style because of the
lucite heel I created a super girly girl
ensemble with this pale pink flare dress
from editors market and my favorite part
about this dress is the cut around the
chest
it looks 40 and because of the high
neckline I think it's a great option for
those girls who want to cover up this
area
comment down below and tell me which
look you would try out and don't forget
to like the video I love you all and
I'll see you next time bye
