so now we're back at home and I'm going
to show you what I got this was
basically love at first sight
I am a huge sucker for Western gear and
I absolutely love the fringe on this
because of every shimmy inside a room
it's just gonna be a huge statement
this jacket is very heavy so I know it's
gonna keep me warm I have added yet
another striped t-shirt into my
collection this one is extremely
oversized but it makes it nice because
then I can tie a little knot on it so it
really just defines my figure I think
it's just a really casual piece that I
can just slip on or sleep in or whatever
I want to do with it next up I've got
this huge button-down it is from the
men's section I love styling huge
button-downs because they have a little
bit of an androgynous feel to it once
again I found a gem in the men's
department or more specifically the
little boys section this is a just
normal Cody it's obviously from a track
team I just saw a lot of potential in it
I think I'm going to crop it so that way
only the graphic is left and apparently
this belonged to a little boy named Yoko
Muse oh and if you're watching this I
have your hoodie now do you remember
face from Nick jr. if you do this is
kind of like the really snide and kind
of sexy looking face it's just a massive
cartoon face with this smirk that can
make anyone feel borderline
uncomfortable and that's what I look for
in a shirt here I have a speckled linen
blazer and it is slightly oversized but
I have just rolled up the sleeves to
give it a better fit and I love this
because it's a really great lightweight
spring jacket and there's something very
fresh and clean about
it and I'm excited to wear this with all
white or maybe just a band team I just
saw this shirt and I had to have it it's
basically a huge ill-fitting shirt with
like some Chinese graphics on it I I'm
not even Chinese I'm Korean but this
looks like something like an Asian
gangster from the deities would wear
with his like spiked bleach hair or
little catfish bangs it's just something
I would really like to rock because it's
got a really nice fade to it looks very
very lived in whoever owned this shirt
really really who loved it to death this
is probably one of my favorite things
that I found on my trip this is a little
purse made out of soda can tabs and I
just think it's really freaking
resourceful and creative and very
functional what I love about it is that
it's lined so it's great quality and I
just really like the idea of kind of
upcycling an item that we usually just
throw into a landfill and make it into
something that is really fashionable
another bag I got is this western
looking one it's got this belt on it
even though there's no function for it
and there's some strange hieroglyphics
on the side of it and I just thought it
was a really cute purse because it looks
very kind of comfortable and relaxed
good for casual outfits and I really
like how the leather has been banged up
and used morn's so it's very soft and I
don't know flexible I found this on a
whim is just a really soft Fred Perry
polo top in a very rich cobalt blue
color although it's pretty oversized I
think it still comes off as you like
clean-cut and fresh and modern here I
have just a baja printed tunic it's made
out of this really heavy woven fabric
and it feels very substantial it's very
earthy and something that I might wear
to like a music festival or something
it's just long enough to be addressed so
I can get away with just wearing some
cute little shredded tights or maybe
just some skinny jeans this is a style
that I really enjoyed during high school
I think I was just really attracted to
the whole nautical military trend and I
think it's kind of coming back for me
now
I found this cream cropped blazer that
has these double breasted buttons
it just looks like a really feminine
military coat members-only was a huge
trend in the 1980s and then it had a
brief comeback in the millennium and
there's some dudes that still rocket now
but I thought I'd bring this trend into
that lady's department and I love this
jacket because it is this really cool
dusty blue and gray color and I think
the best part about this jacket is the
inner pocket so you can put all your
valuables inside those are all the items
that I got and the best part of this
whole haul is that I only spent $65 on
all the freakin items it is pretty
amazing so if you ever find yourself
doing nothing on a holiday I would
suggest going to a goodwill because
chances are they will be having a 50%
off sale of all the apparel and
accessories and stuff if you enjoyed
this video please give it a thumbs up
and if you like to see more of me you
can follow me on instagram at twitter at
i'm jen in so I guess that's it I'll see
you next one bye
