or my first option I thought I'd create
a look that I would totally rock to
school I think it's the epitome of
relaxed and casual and by the way we'll
be giving away this white top with
cutouts on the shoulders and the slash
jeans that I'm obsessed with so stay
tuned till the end to find out how you
can win
the next look features this ornate tunic
with a strip organza fabric on the
bottom I think it's hard not to create
really feminine outfit with this so I
just ran with it and I love how this
long top makes anything look so soft and
delicate even with rough items like a
denim jacket and some stark black denim
jeans I thought I'd take the seemingly
simple and basic top and style it into
an ensemble that would definitely turn
heads this outfit is flashy and super in
your face because of the metallic bomber
and the statement trousers
I understand that some of you live in
climates that are very very warm year
round like Singapore and even the
Aussies are going through their own
summer right now so here is an easy
breezy outfit that would be perfect to
wear during a sweltering hot summer and
you can still stay covered up I thought
I'd add two options of pieces you can
throw over your arms
one question I get asked a lot is what I
like to wear under mesh or open knit
tops my answer is a nude bra I think
they're an absolute necessity to a
woman's wardrobe and I think you just
need to find the perfect colored nude
bra for your skintone my last option is
a little bit more risque but to be
honest I think it's only because of the
pinstripe skirt and the thigh high boots
combo I think it's kind of funny how
although my legs are completely covered
up the fact that just a peep of skin
pops through makes it more flirty so one
lucky winner is going to win this top
and these jeans so basically an outfit
all you got to do is like runway band
it's Facebook and my facebook and then
comment on this photo which will be on
their Facebook and that's it I really
hope you enjoyed watching if you did
please give it a thumbs up and that
would make me one happy clown I'll see
you my next one bye
