I am in guess whose car let me give you
a hint I have I've got on the first look
and now we're going to the first
location we're just going to aimlessly
drive around till we find a spot that we
like famous aimlessly no purpose rebels
without causes I have this whole thing
planned out really breaking news I have
found a lovely section in Annalee and
Jesse's loft look it is an entire bowl
of really fancy and delicious treats
that they were commuted throughout the
holidays there is this one this doesn't
look that good just a cracker we have
the KitKat strawberries which are
apparently Anna's favorite right now
they've got my favorite which is the
green tea cake cap that's mookie as a
banana for a healthy option so I can go
on and on it's just an amazing Bowl but
there's more look at the entire stash of
chocolate bars and potato things they're
all here so if you ever find out where
they live you know exactly where the
candy is you have any explanation for
this we have very nice grandparents that
gave this game how do you say no to that
it's like you're breaking their heart if
you don't take it right yeah
what's wrong
Oh
lon
to
I'm say there's a minty fresh minty
fresh so we're finished with the whole
event at W Hotel and now I am at
Stephanie's house and we're just gonna
have just our usual Thursday night
routine we have like a system going on
don't we yeah every Thursday night
awesome
so basically I come over Thursday night
and then we just hang out Friday morning
together come along with us my lips
pucker it's so I love you oh yeah it's
like laundry detergent
oh that's clean uh-huh
