hi everyone it's Jen welcome to the
first favourites of the year so let's
get started I absolutely love
accessorizing with hats and I've been
obsessed with my newsboy cap that I
bought at H&M I think it's very easy
Sedgwick circa 1960s I could totally
imagine her wearing this in the factory
days and it's personally one of my
favorite party hats I think whenever I
need that extra oomph in an outfit I
just naturally clot to this hat and I
wear it on my head and I just feel like
it totally perfects the outfit I drink a
lot of water and I drink more water
depending on the cup I received this
beautiful cup set from Anna Lee and
Jessi it came with two small cups and
two of these taller ones and they're so
freakin beautiful the rim of the cup
holds your bottom lip so nicely and I
love how substantial they feel plus they
come with tops with rubber lining so you
can take them wherever you need in case
you have to drink on the go and I have
no idea where they're from but they're
one of my favorite cups so thank you
Anna and Jessi this next item is for you
cat owners out there and it is a cat for
wet food I'd like to give Kingsley half
a count of wet food every day and I keep
the other side fresh for tomorrow by
using this cap and just putting in the
fridge and that's it he really has to
have wet food every day by vets orders
because he's a very dehydrated cat and
so he gets most of his moisture through
wet food and then for the rest of his
meals I just supplement with dry food
next up I have a film recommendation if
you haven't watched it already it is
called the thing it's by the director
John Carpenter who also directed they
live which was in a previous favorites
of mine ok how do I explain this movie
so the thing is a creature from outer
space and it lands on earth very
mysteriously and it's able to
shape-shift into the host of whatever it
wants to be and when the thing takes you
you die along with it and then the thing
uses your body so essentially it's a
giant creepy parasite just a warning the
film comes off a little bit can't be
because it was filmed in the early 1980s
so the effects are up to par to the
crazy CGI ones that we see
on screen today but it really makes you
appreciate the level of craftsmanship
and patience it took to create the set
of Hamid Gor eNOS in it although I'm
more of a backpack girl I have been
loving my shell purse this month from
Urban Outfitters it's got these cute
little shell details on one side which
makes the purse look very elegant and
even though lining inside the purse is
super dainty and girly with this powder
blue floral print and since it's a
smaller purse it doesn't have too much
strain on my back I finished 1984 this
month and it was an amazing and
eye-opening read I received it as a
Christmas gift from Marcia so thank you
so much for the gift
so 1984 is taken place where independent
thought is unacceptable and the
government is extremely corrupt I read
and I listened to it on audible while I
was driving down SoCal which is a six
hour drive and so it really helped me
keep my mind off how freaking boring and
a-five was and it just transported me
into this dystopian world if you're the
type of person who loves to read but you
don't have the time anymore I highly
recommend audible because there are over
150,000 options that you can choose from
you're bound to find a book that you
like you can listen to a free audio book
of your choice
at audible.com slash clothes my last
favorite feels pretty weird to announce
but I am in February issue of team both
and it is pretty freaking surreal I did
a campaign with Olay back in June or
July where it's Chicago and it is
finally out several months later and my
mom has a company my dad has his copy
and Teen Vogue sent me and I only am
only gonna keep one so I thought I'd
give four of them away to you guys and
all you have to do is give this video a
thumbs up and leave me a comment with
your name what country you're from and
one interesting fact it could be
whatever fact a very mundane fact about
yourself I just feel like a comment like
that would allow me to get to know you
guys a little bit better because
sometimes this video talking feels very
one-dimensional so those are all my
January favorites if you'd like to get
your daily dose with me you can follow
me on in
Graham and Twitter at I'm your name and
I'll see you next video bye everyone
