grab a cotton round and soak it with
Bioderma this is my favorite makeup
remover because it's really sensitive to
the skin yet it's extremely powerful at
removing makeup
if I wore waterproof mascara that day
then I'll go in with Lancome's
double-action eye makeup remover and use
q-tip to really get into the lashes and
the general eye area this face wash is
one of my holy grail products and that's
because it does an excellent job at
removing the rest of my makeup
it holds an excellent lather and it
keeps my skin feeling really clean and
fresh and blemish free and so I just
make sure I rinse it off multiple times
to ensure that all that soapy residue is
gone every time you wash your face the
cleanser strips your skin of all its
natural oils and just kind of messes up
the pH levels so you've got to balance
it back by using a toner
if it's in the evening I'll go in with
an eye cream and this just helps keep
your under eyes brighter and prevents it
from wrinkling the last one final step
is to moisturize the rest of my face and
make sure I do it as easily as possible
once or twice a week I'll go in with a
face mask this is my favorite the glam
glow one but this one is pretty pricey
so I have a cheaper alternative this one
is the CVS purifying mitt mask
they both do an incredible job drawing
out all the gunk out of your pores so
there we have it folks that is my skin
care routine which I perform every
single day if you have any beauty secret
tips feel free to write them down below
in the comment section you can follow me
on instagram at i'm genom and i'll see
you guys next time
bye
ah
Oh
