hi everyone its Jon I'm when you're
talking about my favorite items from
last month so I have been traveling a
lot from Oakland to Los Angeles to film
in the get up these past few months but
December was the most grueling because
this time I went three times but one
item that really saved my butt was this
army surplus travel bag and it just
carried all of my carry-on essentials
it's got a first-aid decal which gives
off a vibe of urgency and importance to
all my products and I love how large it
is and how it fits everything inside
even items that aren't airplane friendly
it's lined with this plastic so if there
was an instance where something exploded
it ain't a big deal I'll just wipe it
and be done with it it's been really
cool and I have been loving to just kind
of slip into my fuzzy cardigan and
because the texture is really thick and
really dense it's just extremely warm
I wear this cardigan just out and about
or just chilling in my house sometimes
when it gets really cold and sometimes
it just stays on my lap like a little
animal and I just pet it and they use it
as blanket because it's so soft I have
been obsessed with sex in the city and I
know I'm really late to the bandwagon
probably a decade but I saw it on my HBO
GO account and there were all the
seasons right there and I was bored and
I just got sucked into the vortex of Sex
in the City
it is so freaky good and very very
addicting I feel like this show just
makes you really excited for my 30s and
each episode has a theme about love and
relationships I'm currently on season 5
right now and I'm kind of freaking out
because there's only I guess one season
left but season six is divided into two
parts so after this I just don't know
what I'm gonna watch anymore all my
current shows I've been watching you
have ended Breaking Bad it's done
Boardwalk Empire is on break right now
and Game of Thrones hasn't come on
either so I'm just kind of in a rut so
leave me a comment with your
recommendation
last month I finished a book called
invisible monsters by Chuck Palahniuk
and I ended up getting the remix version
of the book because it was
thing that was sold at the bookstore
that I went to and plus the cover look
pretty cool this novel is definitely not
your typical run-of-the-mill story it's
jacked up and it's extremely graphic
it's about a model who is basically
living the dream one of the most
beautiful creatures on the planet and
then suddenly a bullet comes through her
car and she becomes extremely deformed
like how her face is gone now and she
can't talk and just communicate through
writing and I personally loved the remix
version because time isn't linear with
this book it jumps from chapter to
chapter and I feel like this format
mirrors memories that we have in our
brain because when you look back you
don't look at memories in a
chronological order they're just kind of
random at least for me and my brain I've
got a film recommendation it's called
her and it's in theaters now it's about
a quirky modern love story about a man
who falls in love with his computer
operating system she's kind of like Siri
but a hundred times cooler and Scarlett
Johansson is the voice and oh my god can
I just say that I fell in love with her
to Spike Jonze did an amazing job with
the storyline and I think captured
scenes so beautifully by utilizing lens
flares right like everything just felt
like a really crystal clear dream which
is nice
lately I have been really careless with
my caffeine intake probably because I
have all of these cute little coffee
packets from world market that I got as
a Christmas gift it's made me even more
of a coffee junkie because I have been
really excited to try out all the
different flavors and experiencing the
different tastes it's just been a really
exciting way to jumpstart my morning
anyway those were all my December
favorites I'm still debating whether I
want to do a 2013 year recap video but
I'm not sure if anyone that's interested
in it because I feel like you can just
re-watch my old videos that I made last
year and we live it that way but I don't
know I'm still thinking about it
you can find me on Twitter and Instagram
and I'm genom and I'll see you next one
hi everyone
