this green dress was the one that was
hung in my room when I went to college
it's tied with a lot of great memories
and I would always be the designated
disco ball when I wore it I decided to
bring it back to life by wearing a dark
lip
I feel like this deep color really makes
this glamorous dress into something
vampy and seductive
nothing screams glamour like a fur coat
mine is obviously fake but it still has
that fabulous factor to it it's going to
keep me warm because I'm wearing a black
body con dress I love the white piping
along the chest and how it just hugs the
body in all the right places if you've
seen my thrift video that I made a
couple weeks ago then you're probably
familiar with this pleated dress I got
from out of the closet it's fun to dress
up with a bunch of gold jewelry over the
dress I threw on another faux fur coat
but this one is awesome because of the
way the fur tiers on top of one another
here's an option for those who are
living in a warmer environment I love
the stress because it's held together by
a statement choker around the neck it's
like an armor plating which is a cool
contrast from the flowy feminine fabric
I threw on some warm toned bracelets to
add more pizzazz and then I finished the
look off with my Jeffrey Campbell duels
this is the perfect dress if you prefer
something more modest this is ideal for
family functions or if in the mood to
channel Grace Kelly there's something
very feminine and soft about this dress
but I incorporated a cool tone jewelry
to give it more of an ISTAT feel and
then I just went with a really classic
black pump so those are all the looks
please comment down below and tell me
which one is your favorite my Instagram
and Twitter account is at I'm Jen M and
I will see you next year bye everyone
