some news I am NOT going down to LA for
Christmas which is weird I'm gonna be
sending it with Stephanie's family so
I'm kind of like the adopted daughter
she was nice enough to invite me to stay
with her family and so we're gonna grub
and we're gonna swap presents and do a
bunch of Christmasy things so I'm only
going down to SoCal for New Year's
because my family prioritizes New Year's
over Christmas because like the Korean
New Year is like basically a really big
deal so I'm just going down one time
instead of going like they're saying
there for two weeks
day I'm going I glasses shopping because
my current glasses are totally ripped
apart they're glued in three separate
places and so I think I'm ready for a
legit adult pair of prescription glasses
and so there's a bunch of awesome stores
in the mission so hopefully I find
something
so after I hung out with Stephanie I
went back to Oakland because I had to go
to a warrior's game this is the first
basketball game I've ever been to and it
was a lot of fun
I was completely decked out in doubler
as you can see because what can I say I
really enjoy dressing up for any theme
