I'm one so now I'm going to show you
guys what I found at out of the closet
the first top being this nude one I
absolutely love the embroidery on the
front it's kind of a mishmash of swirls
and flowers and they all just kind of
form into just one beautiful pattern and
I especially love the sleeves because
they go down near my elbow it's
something that is just really elegant
and it's gonna look perfect for holiday
events that regard family and I think
it's gonna look great with some classic
black skinnies I have another
button-down and this one is pretty
psychedelic if you start it a little bit
too long and let your eyes kind of kind
of cross each other I don't know I
really was attracted to this because of
the print it's this intense ombre
pyramid print that is just completely
infinite and I think it looks really
great semi tucked in and overall I think
it just creates a really effortless and
chic look I know in advance this thing
looks like a piece of poop it looks
really stinky and gross but I think
that's what kind of attracted me towards
it I don't know why I'm attracted to
very weird things but the longer I
looked at it the more I liked it because
it is just a really cozy thick wool
material and it's really long and
grandpa desk it's got a black lapel and
it's got a really awesome slouch to it
and I plan on wearing it with really
fitted outfits underneath to kind of
balance it out also I love how this has
some really deep set pockets because I
can just stuff everything I need inside
this cardigan my next top is very simple
it is this striped top by DKNY and I
know I have a lot of structure --tz--
but this one is sheer so I know it makes
it more of a summer
shirt it's not very practical for the
weather these days but it's something
that I just couldn't pass by because it
has a really Sports II like feel to it
because of the label on the corner I
have another striped shirt but this one
reminds me of something that Alexa Chung
would wear it's got a really wide boat
neckline and it's good if you want to go
for more of a casual nautical vibe and I
think it's the perfect shirt to wear to
school when you don't know what to wear
because it is so basic and timeless when
I go through f---ing I usually make two
rounds or three around the store just to
make sure I haven't missed anything
and this one I found my second round and
I just kind of passed on over it because
it just looked like a shapeless trash
bag on the hanger but I knew that would
drape well on the body because of the
material it's this kind of pin striped
embossed silk material and I think it
looks really luxurious when you pair it
with a ton of gold necklaces I added
more shape to it by rolling up the
sleeves and voila it is a really great
holiday dress I decided to grab this
piece because you can never have too
many v-necks really they make as really
great pajamas and just something to wear
on casual days and I picked up this
taupe one because I noticed that it was
bdg which is sold at Urban Outfitters so
I knew something that was going to be
super soft so I saved my most expensive
piece for the last and it is this j.crew
coat and what really makes it special is
the mandarin collar which means that it
just kind of flares up into a turtleneck
sure this is a lot more dramatic than
the usual mount mandarin collar but I
still think it is one nonetheless
hands-down my favorite part of the
jacket is the lining on the sleeves it's
this really bright and vibrant cobalt
blue which is a nice splash of color
when you kind of roll your sleeves up so
now that all the thrifted pieces are
finished
I should probably address valve in the
room which is the fact that I cut my
hair a lot shorter to be more specific
annalee cut it and colored it for me
she's been basically the person who's
been responsible for my hair this past
year so I'll link her youtube channel in
the description box as well as the vlog
and where I cut my hair so check it out
I've been dying to cut my hair this
short for the longest time but I know
ever had the courage and the guts to do
it so I'm really glad that I pulled
through this time if you have a Twitter
Instagram you can follow me at I'm
Jordan and I'll see you max video bye
