it's holiday season and that means party
time for a lot of you so I created
several different looks depending on
which girl you want to channel for that
party if you stick around to the end
three of you will win something pretty
awesome my first outfit is kind of
inspired by this one piece I got from
Black Friday weekend sale
it's the sheeny a bomber jacket with
boys we're in the back I thought it was
really fun party piece because it's
flirty not vulgar I felt like going all
blocks so my main piece is this mock
turtleneck dress that just glides on
over the body to accessorize I channeled
some Parisian vibes with my beret and
then put on my port envy necklace to add
some gleam to my look
not every part you're gonna go is going
to be a banger there's always those
really chill kickbacks they're just as
much fun I decided to throw on a really
chunky knitted sweater and I wore it
with some leggings and I know it's a
quote unquote faux pas
but whatever I like to wear what I like
to wear and that's that I just wore some
simple beige flats and add some color I
used these colorful accessories and this
really cute knit beanie that my friend
goobie did for me
this is my work party outfit it really
screams me and it's still corporate
friendly I think my favorite piece in
this outfit is this long brown coat from
Zara and since the coat is really
slouching oversized I'm wearing a really
tight striped mesh turtleneck to
maintain my figure I kind of played with
proportions and I wore these pleather
trousers and decided to add a feminine
touch with these strapping heels from
daily look if you're aiming for a chill
yet put together look this outfits
totally for you
I think boyfriend jeans instantly create
an effortless and cool look and plus
they're stupid comfortable on top I wore
this oversized pattern cardigan that's
totally grandpa chic and then underneath
I wore something pretty plain it's this
cream top that's ridiculously soft and
something you can dress up and down
you
going to a party is usually Mike's used
to try out a brand new look because
pretty much anything goes when you're
around that many people this is my
outfit gently inspired by sportswear I'm
wearing this pleather bomber jacket with
dual sleeves and underneath I'm wearing
these adorable velvet overalls that look
great paired with a thick quilted crop
top
I think this combo works really nicely
because it's working with such a
masculine piece I added a huge statement
with these thigh high boots that are
guaranteed to catch the eye of somebody
so here's to deal with a giveaway
there's going to be three winners the
grand prize will get five hundred
dollars to spend on twenty twenty of the
runner-up will get two hundred dollars
and the third prize will get a hundred
all you need to do is follow 2020
avenues Instagram number-two regram this
photo and number three add all these
tags into your caption and that's it the
winner is going to be announced on their
Instagram so make sure you're following
them I wish you all my luck and I'll see
you in my next video bye
