hi everyone it's Jen you know the drill
it is time for a monthly favorites video
and I'm just gonna get right onto it lip
balm is a total necessity during the
winter and I've noticed that I've been
leaning more towards a moisturizing
gloss as opposed to just a standard lip
balm and I've been loving Nivea's a kiss
of natural volume I use this thing
whenever my lips look a little stale and
dry and it's a great way to just add a
little bit more Jersey back to my face
I've been obsessed with korres body
butter in vanilla guava I know it sounds
like it smelled weird because it's kind
of an odd combination but trust me it's
more vanilla as opposed to guava overall
it just smells really sweet the formula
is really thick and it does take some
effort to rub it in but once it's fully
rubbed in your body just sucks it up and
it just leaves your skin feeling super
soft and I love to apply this on my body
after a hot shower and it's strange
because I actually look forward to this
ritual because I find it very relaxing
I just love pampering myself for a lip
color I've been loving mixes honey
nectar first off I absolutely love the
name and second it's this really creamy
pink color that's very neutral goes with
any eye look or makeup look whatever you
want to call it I love to wear on just
casual days I've been wearing it right
now from a movie recommendation I have
an awesome eighties clique called they
live and it's basically how aliens are
controlling and manipulating the human
population through subliminal messages
and so this average Joe happens to run
up to a pair of sunglasses that enables
him to see all these crazy messages that
are encouraging humans to just kind of
consume to be passive to just kind of be
a pond and what's really cool is that
this movie actually inspired Shepard
Fairey's obey propaganda campaign I
thought it was really interesting to put
two and two together and see how a
modern-day Brad was inspired by
something else I found the
perfect pair of black boots for me there
are these opening 70 boots from Seoul
Strub they're definitely in a splurge
but sometimes you gotta treat yourself
to the money that you worked hard for
and these boots are perfect for me
because they have this really nice
low-key sheen to them they look kind of
patent in certain lights but not in an
overlay plastic looking way and I
especially love the heel the fact that
it kind of caves in a little bit it kind
of tapers in and so it makes your legs
look not stocky at all if you've seen my
Instagram you've probably noticed that
I've been wearing these shoes non-stop
last month and even it's like bleeding
into December as well my statement boot
for November has been my don't worry be
happy' boots from UNIF and this boot
really surprised me because unis designs
are usually really crass and kind of
cheeky so the fact that this message is
really uplifting and well brighten up a
day is really refreshing so I've been
flip-flopping from LA from work and the
holidays and walls at my parents house I
noticed this giant crazy and with this
rock I saw it just sitting on the TV
stand being used as a hat holder so it's
being covered up and so I asked my
parents if I could have it and they're
like sure and so I stuffed it in my
trunk and now it's in my desk and it's
really crazy because I've been
collecting all these little stones
throughout the year and now I've just
landed onto this huge mother Lord and
it's crazy because I actually forgot
that my parents owned it and so now it
is a piece that's kind of transferred to
a generation if you're into sci-fi then
I highly recommend Ender's Game I plowed
through my book within four to five days
so it's something that you will get
really consumed in so Ender's Game is
about a military base in space where
they train young prodigies to become
really crazy military commanders or just
other military personnel and you see
this kid ender who's just freaking
killing it and this month is one Ender's
Game the movie came out and I saw it and
I don't really recommend it because I
just feel like the casting was totally
awful like ender was supposed to be 6
years old
and the dude playing ioan was like 13 it
just made no
so everything that this 13 boy did just
seemed a lot less impressive because I
was like dude he's in eighth grade
of course he's capable that kind of
stuff it's I don't know that's just me
being nitpicky so definitely read the
book you can kind of forget the movie so
those are all my monthly favorites
please comment down below if you enjoyed
any of my current favorites this month
or you can tell me what you're feeling
or what you're inspired by last month it
would be awesome if you can give this
video a thumbs up and I'll see you guys
in the next video bye
