hi everyone it's Jen happy December I
thought I'd kick things off with a
winter trends video which is just a
bunch of winter trends that I've been
eyeing out the very first trend I've
been loving is very obvious it's a thick
winter coat it's not really a trend it's
more of an essential but I picked out
this really awesome camo jacket to share
with you it's lined with this ultra warm
fleece and it also comes with a really
fat furry hood and when the hood isn't
up and in full force it rests really
nicely on the shoulders and just kind of
warms them up as well
overall I think it's just a really great
casual winter coat that you can just
chuck on over when you got to get out
the door I think a striped sweater is
stylish pretty much year-round but a
stripes order comes in lots of
variations so my first option is this
really classic black and white sweater
it is really thick and very warm perfect
for winter this piece is pretty much a
really timeless one that you can wear in
any occasion the next option is more of
a sweater that you would wear if you had
a more temperate winter this one is
definitely more cheeky and edgy and I
think it's perfect to wear with nude
long sleeves or a caged bra if you are
feeling a little bit more risk-taking I
think instead of having your regular bra
so having a caged bra is going to look
like it's more of a I guess a clothing
item as opposed to a piece of an
undergarment I especially like this
caged bra because it's so adjustable
because not everybody has the same boob
size one of my favorite winter
accessories is just a simple gold choker
I think it looks really incredible with
simple sweaters because it's the only
accessory you're gonna need it's a
complete statement piece and I think it
just jazzes up any old outfit when I
visited Korea I noticed a really
interesting soft culture when I was
walking the streets of home then doing
the one I just was flooded with these
endless options of socks you can get
pretty much any variation of socks you
can think of because these socks aren't
available in America I thought I would
pick some attainable socks that can get
here I found these pancake socks that
are so adorable and really great if you
are a person who loves breakfast and I
think these are a great way to really
jazz up any
old classic pump and make it look more
quirky velvet is one of my favorite
touches to wear during the fall so
naturally I would apply that trend unto
my feet these are my Jeffrey Campbell
cygwin boots they're a delicious velvety
wine color and I think a kind of like
cake and I really love these shoes
because they're flat but still add a
good two inches to your height so one
way to stay really warm is to wear some
foods because they act as like a force
field between the harsh winter
environment and your skin and I love
these boots because they're flat and
they're super comfortable and I like how
they have that casual slouch to them
personally in my environment I like to
wear them with stockings because I think
they make any outfit look a little bit
more sensual and a lot more glamorous
I'm addicted to hats and aside from
beanies as a winter essential I thought
I would just bring a fedora
because fedoras can really add a really
mysterious and urban chic vibe to your
outfit
this has been my favorite one to wear
during the rainy days because any water
droplets stuff bypass my umbrella it
just hits a little bit of the Hat so
that way my makeup doesn't get ruined
I think thigh-high socks are great but
my problem is that I lose each pair
probably because I'm not very cognizant
of what I throw in the laundry but I
thought getting these stockings that
have thigh-highs attached to them we
kind of solve the entire problem and I
think these socks are really great
because they have a really nice layered
look to them and I think it just makes
out this look more casual and laid-back
so those are all the pieces and guess
what you have the opportunity to win all
these pieces and more with a $1,000
shopping spree at Karmaloop comm this is
really exciting because this is one of
the biggest giveaways that I've ever
hosted I'll put the link to the contest
in the description box so you can enter
if you have any winter trends that I've
forgotten to mention please comment down
below I've probably forgotten a lot so
if you get to kind of refresh my memory
if you have an Instagram or Twitter my
user name is I'm Jenna you can follow me
if you'd like once again thank you so
much for watching and I'll see you guys
in the next video bye
