hi everyone it's Jen I hope you guys had
an incredible Thanksgiving I know I did
I went camping at Joshua Tree and I had
a blast I thought I would take a couple
outfits with me and film them for you
guys while I was there okay so this is
the first look and this is what I
actually wore on the way to Joshua Tree
and as you know I'm a sucker for
black-and-white palettes for several
months now and I think it's because it
gives me a lot more wiggle room to
experiment with wacky silhouettes since
there's a lack of color this next outfit
is a mishmash of schoolgirl elements
with a dash of rocker the edge comes
from this moto cardigan it looks like a
moto jacket but it's in fact a cardigan
underneath I wore a thick wool crop
button down and I kind of made it look
like a uniform by using this pinstripe
skirt I added a pop of color with my
Jeffrey Campbell tardies which I haven't
worn in a while and then I accessorized
with some cool toned jewelry
I think tie-dye can be worn year-round
I couldn't resist and say no to this
adorable washed out rainbow hoodie I
wanted it to be cropped so I just kind
of haphazardly cut off the ends so it
makes a jagged line and then I paired it
with this denim moto skirt with
distressed patches I've been needing a
really thick and warm winter coat to add
to my wardrobe so this is the one that I
decided to pick it's lined with wool
sheering so it retains a lot of heat you
can wear it California style like me
with a quirky graphic tee and a
suspender skirt or if it's colder where
you live you can wear it with your usual
winter gear a denim jacket is key for
the colder months I've been loving my
ripped up denim jacket for the fall
because still warm enough here to get
away with a slosh design underneath the
jacket I kept things vennen and simple
with this thick black crop jumper from
long way and then for a skirt I decided
to wear this soft a-line one with a
larger floral print
so that's it that's all it looks please
comment down below and let me know which
one was your favorite one you can follow
me on instagram or twitter at i'm genom
and i'll see you in my next video bye
