let's face it chances are people aren't
going to remember what you wore for
dinner you're just gonna remember what
they ate but that doesn't mean that you
shouldn't dress up for yourself I've
compiled for food baby proof outfits
that are gonna be stylish and comfy my
first option is a very laid-back and
festive outfit I hate wearing pants
especially if I'm lucky half my weight
in mashed potatoes so I've opted for the
classic lazy essential the legging on
top I wore an emerald green striped
sweater and over it a loose ten on a
rock that's perfect to just chuck on
over every outfit
you can still be glam and Gorge yourself
just throw on some sequins to your look
it's just gonna add that high quality
and really fancy element to any outfit
like you're on an oversized black
sweater that's just very flattering for
any body type because those cutouts just
highlight a sliver of your arm and there
were some silver aspects on that skirt
so I just played with that theme and war
everything silver for my accessories my
next option is another loose skirt this
one is made out of this wool material so
it's the ideal winter skirt plus it's
got pinstripes so you can wear it for a
formal occasion I threw on this really
soft semi sheer great cardigan because I
thought it would just add a cozy element
and it would tone down my skirt and for
jewelry I just added a bunch of silver
rings I'm wearing my new Opening
Ceremony boots which I haven't been able
to take off my feet and then added some
vibrancy with this ice earring neon
beanie Elyse dress is one of the most
flattering things you can wear a while
picking out because it glides and hides
over everything - some feminine and -
cutouts on the shoulders and if showing
your arms isn't really your thing you
can cover up with the cardigan I chose
this funky pattern since my dress was
just a plain black color
the shoes I picked my red velvet Jeffrey
Campbell's which looks seriously so
delicious and then a beanie to match
that color so those were all my outfits
make sure you hit the description box
for a coupon code for shop Susie's Black
Friday sale so check that out if you're
int the pieces and if you have an
Instagram or Twitter my username is I'm
genom and I'll see you guys next time
bye
