what's up its Jen I'm styling for
graphic t-shirts in really different
ways and if you stick towards in the
video I'll let you know how you can make
your very own t-shirt lifestyle I was
born and raised in SoCal and this is a
typical fall outfit I wore when I lived
in LA you can wear a summer outfit
underneath as long as you throw in a
parka this one is pretty warm because
it's blind and it's got really deep set
pockets so you have the option to ditch
your purse if you don't feel like
carrying it that day I'm totally in love
with my one tsp denim shorts to be
honest I got them because my friend Anna
Lee converted me she's also the one
who's responsible for my haircut and my
hair color I'll link her youtube channel
in description box below I throw on my
Doc Martens which still haven't been
broken in yet and then I finished off
the look with a deep purple knit turban
this outfit goes for those girls who are
looking to take a risk with their
fashion and since I wore such a fuzzy
and borderline obnoxious vest I decided
to mute out all the colors on my outfit
and stuck with a completely black and
white color palette except for the lips
yes a graphic to you can be worn on
formal occasions as long as you pair it
with the right items in my case I threw
on this very structured and long
military coat this thing is incredibly
warm and it looks really chic when you
button it all the way this is actually
my second time purchasing this skirt
because the first one I had I completely
ruined by not putting on a hanger and I
vowed to take better care of this one by
always keeping it hung and pressed and
nice remember you can always thrift or
get a vintage tee if that's more
feasible for you I'm including a
laid-back and casual outfit in case the
rest of the looks or a little bit too
stylized for your taste this shredded
hoodie from UNIF makes it look like I
got mauled by an animal but I think
that's what makes it really edgy and
really fun for me to wear
so here's how you can win any laundry
room graphic tee that daily looks sells
on their website first you're going to
follow daily looks Instagram account
then snap a selfie of you styling your
coolest graphic shirt for the caption
make sure you tag at daily look and use
the hashtag daily look selfie
lastly you got a register an account on
daily look calm so if you win you'll be
able to contact and ship the item over
to you and that's it folks make sure you
hit the description box for more
giveaway details and the links to the
items I've showcased I'll see you in my
next one everyone bye
