we arrived last night my brother and we
booked a place through Airbnb and this
is the place we're going to stay in home
day ofor around until Sunday so this
will be our home for the next few days
so now we are going to meet up with my
friend crystal we're heading to Yangon
Alma this is your favorite cat it is my
favorite beautiful snow cat BSG short
you
haha
oh hi
ah
hi I'm gonna kill his concert shortly
and it is so quiet here it's crazy it's
like around 600 people you can hear me
now it's crazy this is James not my
brother different James a friend from
high school
yeah these are we got basketball things
together and then this is Robin Hey
neva Olie Zowie no a Kishida I'm just
gonna
right now we are on our way to go to
sheet boar which is the countryside
that's where my relatives live my cousin
picked us up I think we have around
three hours until we get to our
destination so I'll check
you
right now we are in a deep deep
countryside embedded National Park it's
equivalent to $2 to get it and it is
insane here it's going to take around
two miles to get to our destination and
I will show you when I get there
also today was a terrible day to wear
leather overalls first day it's humid
but I'm in a good mood
we finally made it up from the long hike
and this is our view I feel like this is
all a CGI background it's hard to kind
of swallow not that I'm here I've never
seen anything like this in my life and I
think this is definitely my favorite
part of Korea so far better than the
city because a city can get kind of an
honest the nightlife is pretty much the
same everywhere you go nature is always
kind of friend
what's up we're back in Seoul today has
been a very strenuous day well just
funny this freaking top garvey place has
been a nightmare because one we don't
want to iFly number two it's raining so
it's just been a lot going on but we're
here and I'm really excited I think we
stayed in the countryside just long
enough
oh my god it's you
what it looks like
music pop music ritual balance through
the doll
okay ready now it's like burning my
fingers I'm getting my degrees right now
good okay
