hye-won my name is Jen today I'll be
doing the sweater weather tag and I was
not tagged by anybody but life is about
taking initiative so I'm doing that
right now by answering these questions
that are supposed to get you all pumped
up for the Fall
I do love me a good candle right now I'm
burning moon Sparkle which is a really
sweet fragrance with woodsy undertones
and I bought this because it gives off a
really nice cozy glow and dim lighting
and it just sets the mood for anything
if I want to enter this honestly it's
black coffee year-round but if I wanted
to be a little bit more festive and give
you a different answer that's not black
coffee I would have to say 18 which is
80 by song T which is one of my favorite
tea places in the Bay Area and eighteen
is awesome because you can steep it as
long as you want the taste of the tea
it's not gonna get too bitter and it's
not gonna come off too strong so it's
good for those who are lazy and you just
kind of forget about your tea bag you
know steeping cuz it doesn't matter how
long you keep it in there for I
associate the season with kind of
starting off new with a new school
semester etc and September was always a
time where I vowed that I was gonna get
perfect grades and I was gonna be even
nicer to my friends and family but it
kind of just kind of tapered off once
fall ended but either way I guess it's
not really a specific memory you put
just more of an overall mood I would say
a dark lip because the statement live
can drastically change your entire
outfit when my favorites is damned by
NARS and this is a good shade if you're
just kind of playing around with the
idea of a dark lip it's not too crazy
and it's just a really beautiful berry
color for your lips if you want to go
for something more severe and dramatic I
would suggest going with black dahlia by
OCC and this stuff is black red and this
product requires a lot more precision
because it comes in a squeezy tube so I
would highly recommend using it with a
lip brush I'd have to say Flowerbomb by
Viktor and Rolf I know this is a really
popular perfume but this is a new
discovery for me and for my nose this is
a fragrance that is
very sweet and kind of musky but the
sweetness isn't youthful at all it's
more mature and something that you would
imagine on that cool older mysterious
girl in your class that you've always
want to be friends with this is what
she'd smell like I would say heads down
mashed potatoes with a squirt of Peppa
Theo I can literally eat a giant tip of
it and it's something that I look
forward to every year it's my first
autumn in Oakland and so far it's been
pretty great for the beginning of the
fall it was around 72 73 so it was
basically amazing weather now that it's
November the warmth is kind of tapering
off and now we're experiencing weather
in the mid-60s
probably this gray hoodie that I got
from Urban Outfitters a few years ago I
love the fact that it's cropped and it's
something that I wear all the time with
some sweatpants walking around the house
I would say football games only for the
snacks and the beer I want to see skinny
jeans but the truth is leggings combat
boots I've never owned a pair of gloves
in my life and I don't plan on it I
don't know I've never tried it
Gordo vampire HBO can do no wrong in one
book and Steve Buscemi is creepily
attractive in that series so check it
out
right now I've been loving to impalas my
name is cheap but the ducktales remix
I'll put the video in the description
box so you can listen to it I actually
got a chance to see tame impala and The
Flaming Lips on Halloween so it just
kind of respect my love for tame impala
I've been kind of on a marathon so those
are all my fault questions I hope you
guys enjoyed it on the top of my head I
tagged soothing sista hey Claire Emily
and Jessi shameless Maya it's my rear a
faction unit 804 cutiepiemarzia
graveyard girl Wow and I'll put
everybody else in description box you're
watching this video I tagged you to do
it please if you have an Instagram or a
Twitter account my username is I'm
Dunham you can check me out if you want
so that's it and I'll see you guys next
time bye
