hi everyone welcome back to what would
Jen wear which is segment where you
tweet me your fashion dilemma and I
answer them so let's start off with
first tweet the first week comes from
Ishmael O'Connor and Ishmael asks bulky
jackets making your outfit look ugly
well what to do so the first rule is to
roll your sleeves up because when your
sleeves are longer than your fingertips
it's just kind of like that coat is
swallowing you number two we're an
outfit that is really skin tight
underneath since you're already wearing
something that's really clunky you don't
want to add any more bulk to it so wear
something that's body-hugging number
three throw on some shoes that are going
to add you some height the extra inches
are just gonna elongate your body and
just balance out the bulk and if you're
a dude and don't feel comfortable wear
heels feel free to wear some creepers or
maybe some boots that have like an inch
height it's gonna help the next week
comes from kamini go and she asks for
classes I keep using the same outfits
over and over again I need inspiration
Jen haha for sure here is a quick outfit
that I would wear to school I absolutely
love wearing sweaters during the fall
because they're really easy to throw on
I'm wearing a striped sweater
of course it's black and white because
I'm wearing it and I just threw on some
skinny jeans with some distressed spots
the knees to make the sweater look even
more casual and for a good walking shoe
I'm wearing my burgandy heels or boots
that I got in Korea and for accessories
I added this really cool turquoise and
gold necklace to add just the smallest
hint of color and then this beanie
because I thought it'd be funny in class
but if you're kind of scared of your
professor it just forget the beanie this
next week comes from Dalia boogeyman and
she asks what kind of outfit goes Mac
cyber aka a really dark vampy lip thanks
in advance heart heart heart hi dolly I
actually don't have cyber by Mac in my
lipstick collection but I have something
that's pretty close this one is by OCC I
don't know the name because the product
is so dark that I can't read the font on
it but I think it's close enough when I
wear a vampy lip I
just like to go hard because hell I'm
already wearing a frickin dark lip so I
just go all out with my outfit I love
wearing all black but I like to make
sure that I mix it up with different
textures and maybe even a graphic to
lighten up the outfit I'm wearing the
soft black sweater with a safety pin on
it and then I added this pleather
asymmetrical skirt to bring a little bit
more class to the casual sweater for
shoes I'm wearing my new Zara heels
which have this mesh panel on it but of
course you don't have to go balls to the
wall with your outfit if you're wearing
a fabulous I'm wearing a dark lip today
and I'm just wearing a shredded sweater
and a pleated pleather skirt next week
comes from Yugi and she asks fall hats
you have the best hat collection where
the perfect hats to wear during the fall
first off thank you so these are the
favourite hats that I've been wearing so
far
next week comes from Joanna panties ooh
and she asks what's wrong with me / sigh
hi socks I can never find the right pair
of shoes to go with them so what I'm
wearing a pair of thigh-highs for
example here are some black thigh-highs
from kaisalmi I like to make sure that
the shoes match the socks so for a pair
of black thighs any pair of black shoes
is fair game it could be just a clunky
sneaker boot it could just be a chunky
boot it could be a pair of flats it can
be anything any black shoe is cool
because when the socks and the shoes
match I find that it just gives illusion
that my legs are longer and since I'm
short I'm only five foot one I always
like to make sure that everything goes
into making me a little bit taller and
like I said I don't do this every time
it's just a general habit that I have
next week comes from Jenna Vader and she
asks is there a way to wear a fluffy
jumper I have one from Primark but I
don't know what looks nice with it okay
so there are tons of ways to wear fluffy
jumpers I'm going to use my cream fuzzy
jumper as an example because I am stoked
to wear it for the winter because it
kinda reminds me of snow and mine is
slightly cropped so it makes wearing
highways things a lot easier and that's
why I styled it with my American Apparel
denim skirt and I decided to go cream on
cream buying this oversized cardigan and
since the buttons on my cardigan are
brown I wore these dangly earrings with
these wooden orbs on them and I added
this really cute beige satchel in case
you wanted an idea for a purse and next
week comes from SM EDC and the tweet
says just that a pair of chunky boots
how do I sell them it is an excellent
decision that you got chunky boots
because they go with absolutely
everything just make sure that your
chunky boots are comfortable and durable
for the winter because they're an
absolute essential so for instance here
is an outfit that is more formal I am
just wearing this white classic
button-down with some black pants this
is something that can wear to a
presentation or a dinner and this is an
example of outfit that is a lot more
casual I just switched out that white
button-down to a hot dog one
I think this outfit is more suitable for
a party this top is definitely a
conversation starter so the last week
comes from look of being Kay and she
asks what should I wear when I'm buying
some groceries like how to look nice at
market but still don't overdo it
assemble outfit to wear to the grocery
store is just where some leggings and a
t-shirt and in my case I kind of went a
little bit more on the fancy side but in
the end it's still leggings in a shirt
so my leggings here are from Urban
Outfitters they've got this cool studded
detail on it but the studs really on the
front so in the legs you can't feel
anything and to match that stud I added
these cute pointed stud flats from pixie
market I just think it's cute to
coordinate a little bit and for my top
I'm just wearing the sheer panel t-shirt
you can tie it in a knot if you want
something a little bit more form-fitting
or you can just hang it loose like a
regular shirt and on top of everything I
just threw on a camo button-down to make
it look a lot more casual and relaxed so
those are all the questions if you have
a fashion ulema and you want to be
featured in the next episode feel free
to tweet me at I'm um and hashtag WWJ W
with your question if you're interested
in any of the pieces that I showed in
this video feel free to hit the
description box check it out and if you
have an Instagram you can follow me at
I'm dreading only if you want I just
post there every day fYI I'm still
working on the Korea vlog it's just a
lot of footage to edit and I just
haven't really had time to sit down and
do it I mean I can do it right now but
I'm going to the museum thank you so
much for watching and I'll see you my
next one bye
