hey you it's me Jen I'm here with a fall
lookbook and I just wanted to put it out
there that I am living in a place that's
not that cool so let's get on with the
looks I'm starting this video with this
dress because it makes me feel so
luxurious and incredible I'm a complete
sucker for intricate fabrics like lace
and mesh so this dress just kind of
takes the cake and every step feels like
a catwalk when I'm in this I know this
outfit is a complete contrast from the
other but I wanted to include it because
every time I wear this it makes me feel
like I'm in some sort of dystopian comic
book which is why I love it and I think
that this outfit combo just takes the
whole boring sweater and skirt
combination to the next level I'm always
down for a big old clunky boot and these
shoes from Univ have been my latest
obsession for stomping around in
every girl needs a little black dress so
why not have a pleather one with zippers
it's all in good fun anyway this is a
fun little number to shimmy into when
you're feeling a little sassy just throw
on some opaque tights and some monster
boots and you're good to go if it's
chilly
be sure to layer up and throw on your
favorite coat now here's that same color
dress remixed into something more casual
I thought I'd be used to show you that
this can be dressed down really all you
need is a super mellow piece like this
denim jacket this one is great for my
super introverted days
I love backpacks because purses can be
pretty taxing this one has a secret
pouch on the flap where you can put some
goodies and it's also in a bucket bag
style so you can just dump all your
stuff and just pull the drawstring and
call it a day I slapped together another
dress for a holiday party I think this
would be really great for a
friendsgiving a.k.a thanksgiving you
would have with your friends because
it's kind of I don't know a little bit
not sexy but not something you'd wear to
your parents family dinner a creams
water is an essential for fall this one
is mesh but if it's colder where you
live get a sweater that retains a lot
more heat I decided to create three
looks with this sweater and this is the
first look it's definitely a twist on a
classic uniform this plaid skirt is
everything because that slit just
changes the game it's conservative from
the front but on the side you can show
some skin
moving on to variation number two the
top is always the same but I added this
for screen pleather skirt to the mix I
don't know if you're noticing a trend in
my taste but I freaking love anything
with a big fat zipper I added this
oversized men's jacket I picked up in
Korea for more of a slouchy and relaxed
feel and a beanie always makes it more
casual too now it's time for the last
option I wanted to show you how crazy
you can dress up a cream sweater even a
holographic skirt works I feel like this
is something Zenon would wear to a
protozoa concert front row and center
and screaming I know I'd be there if I
was on that spaceship so those are all
my looks you can check out my curated
collection with them on shop waistline
comm and there's also going to be a
discount code so check it out shop
waistline also has a youtube channel
which I'll link down below if you need
some more inspiration I'll see you guys
in the next video guys bye
you
you
