hi everyone it's Jen welcome to my
October favorites I'm gonna start things
off with soap because I just want to get
that out of the way I have not been
really satisfied with the body wash that
I've been currently using because I
don't get that really squeaky clean
feeling out of it so I thought I would
just go get some bar soap because Whole
Foods is having a sale it was 2 for $8 I
basically got 2 cents one is in lavender
and the other is shea butter and
currently I've been using up the
lavender and what I like to do is I just
stuck my loofah and the bar so connect
it together and just start rubbing until
it makes a really nice lather and I'm
really surprised because the soap foams
really well if I want to shave that day
I'll use my crappy body wash and I'll
just use that as a shaving cream and I
really like the soap because it doesn't
leave my skin feeling dry and tight in
your doing so it's it's an A in my book
if you've seen any of my makeup
tutorials or like get ready with me
videos you know that when it comes to my
lashes I always have some
self-deprecating comment to say about
them so it was like no surprise when I
just kind of gave up on having my lashes
look Vavoom until my friend Stephanie
recommended the Lancome eyelash primer
and it's one of those products that you
just apply on your eyelashes before
mascara so it comes in a white tube and
it has like this white product on it I
don't know paste and you just basically
coat your lashes I kind of go overboard
I put maybe three or four coats of this
on on my tops and bottoms it's to the
point where it looks like I'm I've just
come out of a snowstorm and dries a
little bit translucent and then you can
apply your regular mascara I either use
benefits they're real mascara or I'll
use Maybelline the falsies waterproof my
lashes come out a little bit spidery but
I really like that look because as I
said before spider lashes are better
than no
lashes my next pick is a music favorite
it is on Drew's album world music he's a
producer based in LA and he's definitely
on some next-level stuff his album is
only 20 minutes long but it's a complete
masterpiece
he basically samples a lot of noise like
running water or a clock ticking or
something that sounds really interval
act ik and he uses it with soul and jazz
and hip hop and it just sounds so dope
and I really think you should check him
out his entire album is on Spotify so go
listen to it because it's free next up
I've got SC's vested interest and when I
first saw this I was convinced that this
was a dusty olive color and after
wearing it for this month I came to a
realization that this is not really
dusty olive it's actually a dusty
blueish teal which tricked me to freak
out I don't know why I know it's not
like a profound discovery but it's just
weird when you're so sure about
something and it just turns its back on
you it's really strange I mean right now
it looks allof but when I'm out in the
Sun it looks like it's dusty teal or
something anyway I think it's a fabulous
polish to wear during the fall
whether it's teal or olive whatever I
think it's cute my next favorite is a
book it's East of Eden by John Steinbeck
and I feel like I'm on Reading Rainbow
right now I've been meaning to read this
book because it's Sara and Stephanie's
favorite book of all time so I had to
read it you know and East of Eden is a
complete classic in a really rough
nutshell it's about two generations of
the Trask and Hamilton family and how
they interact with each other and how
they grow as people and Steinbeck really
delves into really powerful themes like
choice good evil and rivalry and it
sounds really dry and not as exciting
the way I'm explaining right now but
trust me it's really good I would say
it's one of the most insightful books
I've read and it's kind of raunchy and
it's an easy read my next favorite is a
movie in theaters it's called gravity
and it stars Sandra Bullock and George
Clooney and I thought it was one of the
greatest movies I've seen this year is
basically a story about survival and
human resilience
Sandra Bullock and George Clooney are in
space and the most terrifying happens to
them it just everything that can go
wrong in space happens to them there's
this one scene where Sandra Bullock is
just hurtling through space just going
further and further away from her and
there's nothing she can do about it
because in space once you pick up
momentum you stay at that constant speed
forever or until you've run into
something or until you have the power to
kind of pull yourself out of that force
like you've got a jetpack that could
help I would recommend seeing it in IMAX
not in 3d because if your 3d glasses
have scratches all over it it's just
gonna ruin the entire experience because
the visuals are breathtaking and
mesmerizing definitely recommend it go
see it
so those are all my October favorites if
any of my favorites are your favorites -
feel free to write a comment down below
or just write a comment down below about
anything you can tell me what's on
another tab on your screen I love to
read about it if you have an Instagram
or a Twitter and my username is I'm
genom and I guess I'll see you in my
next video bye
