hi everyone it's Jen I hope you're
having a great Monday so far today I'll
be showing you a couple of fall outfits
and I just wanted to put out that I live
in California so our Falls are quite
tame and very temperate so I think the
coldest it's gotten here during the
daytime was around 68 degrees Fahrenheit
so we've had a pretty good here anyway
we're giving away a pair of awesome
shoes so stick towards the end of the
video so you can figure out how you can
win it I love statement sweaters with
prints that make me smile I thought this
sweater with a line of British Royal
Guards was a really cool concept and
plus it makes you feel like you're a
part of royalty with all these dudes
protecting you I decided to pair it with
my go to indigo skinnies that you've
seen me wear a lot of times because it
just went with a look and then I wore
some broken in converse sneakers that
were my ex housemates
this next outfit is something I would
wear on a night out I have a problem
with collecting moto jackets and this
one really stuck out to me because of
the awesome ribbed detail on the
shoulder and underneath I'm just wearing
a really plush grid sweater from Zara
and sometimes I like to wear this as a
pajama top and for my parents I'm just
wearing these shiny things which are the
disco pants and for shoes I learned the
knockoff of the Stella McCartney
platforms but these are a lot less
expensive if it's a lot warmer where you
live then feel free to dish the jacket
and add a statement belt I always love a
good bold plaid print especially in the
fall and I thought I'd show my love for
it through a plaid puffy bomber I'm
wearing some black leather jeans from
Urban Outfitters to retain some warmth
and in order to streamline my legs and
make them look a little bit longer I'm
wearing my Jeffrey Campbell Bainbridge's
and I borrowed my friend Stephanie's
ray-bans for the slip because I thought
I'd just tied everything together
and I think I'm gonna get myself a pair
do
this is my last look and don't you love
that rich blue color on your screen
it's tripping me out as I'm doing this
voiceover anyway this is an outfit where
you can channel your inner Americana
vibes without being so in-your-face
about it like wearing a giant American
flag I think that the red stripe on the
sweater just kind of pops out and I love
how the stripes start mid-chest and
these are one of the coolest shoes I own
they're really 80s with the pointed toe
and that clear lucite wedge just takes
the cake and these are the shoes that
we're giving away blue
we're probably curious on how you can
win those awesome pair of a translucent
heeled shoes all you gotta do is like
choice on facebook.com/ their link will
be in the description box if you have a
Twitter or Instagram my username is I'm
Jay and you can follow me if you'd like
I don't know where that southern accent
came from I'm about to get some grub and
I'll talk to you guys later bye
