hi it's gem this is my September
favorites video I know it's super late
but I just got back from Korea and I'm
trying to get back on my grind so let's
do this
in Stemper I went to New York with my
friend Stephanie and we stepped into a
crucial visit to Sephora because I
needed some hair spray but I also left
with something else I left with this
Bumble and Bumble surf spray I've always
loved that really messy effortless hair
style and this spray really helps me
achieve that I like to spritz this after
I've curled my hair or after it's been
in a bun all day or night and I spray
maybe five to six spritzes of this and
it just leaves my hair feeling a little
a little bit more chilling as opposed to
having really perfect coiled curls I
think it's great for everyday but just
be careful of spray too much or else I
find that my hair just kind of waist
down for those who don't know my seems
your son has been Versace's bright
crystals since I did that vlog or I took
you guys to Sephora picking out the
scent
I have finally run out of it she's crazy
and so I thought it was time to kind of
pick up something new and I've been
loving Marc Jacobs honey I didn't commit
fully because I bought the rollerball
but this one is a really good blend
between floral and fruity but the fruity
really overpowers the floral the floral
is just kind of like an undertone in
this scent and I think it's really
youthful and fresh and I feel like I
could never spray on too much because it
just kind of diffuses out really nicely
so this is one of the funniest birthday
gifts I've got this is called the
Titanic which is a tea infuser shaped in
the form of Titanic and it says it's the
unsinkable tea and user it is absolutely
genius so what you do is you just pull
off the top and then you load the whole
with the tea and you just kind of plop
it in your cup and it will diffuse
everything else Stephanie and I saw the
Titanic on the way back from New York
and I told her that it was
one of my Loki favorite movies it has
like a really soft spot in my heart not
sure why maybe it was 90s leo I've been
eyeing these sunglasses for the past two
years and I saw them on sale and I had
to get him there the Karen Walker
harvest sunglasses and these are my
first pair of luxurious sunglasses and I
do plan on taking really good care of
them
these were a very late birthday gift to
myself and I technically bought them in
October when I was in Korea but whatever
technicalities I don't think they really
mattered I have around two sunglasses
that were a dupe of these and they're
nice but it just feels so good having
the real thing in my arms but I'll put a
link of the knockoffs in the description
box in case you're interested I have
been traveling quite a lot these past
months and I've been to a lot of places
that were humid and the mascara that I
was previously using was transferring on
to the bottom portion of my eye and I
wasn't sure with that so I got something
that was waterproof this says urban
decay's cannonballing ultra waterproof
mascara and it's been so awesome for my
really sparse lashes because it holds
their perkiness and it also doesn't
transfer to my bottom lid which is what
I wanted but the problem with this is it
is really difficult to take off I use
Bioderma
and I even like try to just kind of have
the pad chilling on my eye for you know
30 seconds and it still doesn't really
fully come off I have to do around 4
path of this to get the formula to
transfer off so if you guys have any
recommendations of really incredible
makeup removers please comment down
below I would love to know because I
love using this but I don't use it
everyday because I don't want to you
know torture my lashes so much those are
all my favorites I really wanted to
include east of the
because that's the book I'm reading
right now but I'm only halfway done with
it so it didn't feel right saying it was
my favorite when I didn't finish the
book but I'm probably gonna put it in my
next video
my next favorites video and yes I did
cut my hair I cut it short all the way
around before I would always put in a
faux bob but now it's an actual Bob and
the lovely Miss Emily did it her YouTube
channel is ally and Jessi and if you're
interested on getting this cut
you should definitely contact her and
try to book an appointment because she
is just as amazing in real life you have
an Instagram or Twitter my username is
I'm Jayden you can check me out if you
would like and I guess that's it I'll
see you next video bye
