husband
I'm at the Oakland Airport with my girl
Steph I don't know who she is her name
is Stephanie username su this
we arrived at New York around 6:00 a.m.
and we couldn't check in to our place
until 9:00 a.m. so we basically just
stayed at a cafe for around three hours
I edited and stuff just studied for
school
I
give me when I take
that's its way
in the back
after food we went on over to the Hudson
Hotel for the stylist fashion show and
we met up with Amy because she was
spinning there and yeah the fashion show
was pretty great I was in love with this
outfit that green leather jacket needs
to be in my life I'm currently hunting
for a dupe of that jacket
the next morning I had a photo shoot
with the platform the hairdresser did an
amazing job on styling my hair she did a
really loose effortless wavy look for
the first outfit and for the second
outfit she just kind of pulled all that
hair up into this updo which I wish I
could recreate but I don't know how to
do it so I guess I'm out of luck
it was such an overwhelming experience
for me because I didn't expect that many
people to come up those who showed up I
am so thankful that you guys did
each smile and hug and letter and gift
that I thought it was just really
touching the beam greet Steph and I went
and grabbed dinner with my friends we
ended up just eating our dessert and
hanging out on a stoop so thank you ever
lives in that stoop because we hung out
there for a decent chunk of our lives
you
I fear
I love you
yeah
I can't
September 7 it's also my Big Brother's
birthday so happy birthday James we are
at Central Park right now right before
the cosmic kickback which is the party
we're having I'm kind of nervous and
mostly excited so after we're heading
over to Sephora so I can borrow some
hairspray and then we're gonna head to
the party
ah
Oh
and I
I can't I
hey downtown this rest is you right here
make it ask them to halt that a woman
lets oh that's nice
she pushed a dude's face and she's like
it licked her lips like hey what's up
baby yo you'll be doing the electric
slide
go shopping Jenna guess Close Encounters
I'm like Anthony Weiner I'm on my
campaign well I'm not showing my wiener
I'm just showing doing my damn thing
your artificial I'm man-made I'm chillin
here you know band-aid but I beat it up
I'm beat up
