good morning so every morning I gotta
feed Kingsley aka the cat that lives in
my house or else he won't stop rubbing
everywhere so after I feed this guy it's
time to feed myself and instead of a
regular cup of coffee I like to drink a
green smoothie and this stuff keeps me
so energized and feeling good up until
lunch so moving on to face stuff and
washing up
I've been trying out this lush face wash
and it's thick and moisturizing and
smells really really good I had a hard
time believing that it wasn't edible for
oral hygiene I use my Philips Sonicare
toothbrush and then I add some Colgate
to it and I don't have any commitments
to Colgate I just like this one because
of the color I usually don't wear any
makeup if I'm not leaving the house but
since I get ready with me video would
feel empty without a makeup look I
thought I'd show you this really really
minimal one I start off by using
Cetaphil which is just a daily
moisturizer I like the fact that it has
SPF in it and I'm using this Maybelline
under-eye concealer to brighten up the
dark circles underneath my eyes and I
just use a stippling brush to buff it
all in and make sure it's blended out
after I'm going to take my NARS
translucent powder to mattify the
concealer that I just applied and then I
like to use it to cover the rest of my
t-zone moving on to brows I'm taking
Anastasia's brow Wiz pencil and caramel
to fill in and shape my brows and I
don't really have a technique for my
brows to be honest my brows are
different every single day because I
just kind of have fun with it and I just
draw in the shape that I want to see on
my face and so I've noticed that I look
so much more put together once my brows
are in and I also feel less like a slob
so I thought I'd add the brows
we're makes and using benefits coralista
and I like this blush because it adds
the slightest bit of color and glow to
my cheeks and I've noticed that this
small difference really just live-ins up
my entire face the last step is this lip
balm from eye pkuran
and it has tea tree oil as an SPF in it
which is great because if I do end up
going out my lips are protected and bam
that's it a super neutral practically no
makeup look for my chill morning in uh
yeah and so I'm gonna move on to the
hair I'm a night shower so when I wake
up my hair is dry voluminous and it
smells pretty good
and if I'm happy with the way the curls
look I'll just leave my hair in waves
like this or I'll make it into a side
braid to create a side braid all you're
going to do is get a finger or a comb
and part your hair into two large
sections we're going to start off from
the top half of the hair you're going to
make two little sections and you're
going to twist that and then grab a
little piece of hair for both of the
sections and once you have that you're
going to twist so once again you're
going to get the two pieces
add a little bit of hair to both the
sections and then twist to seal it so
you're going to repeat this process over
and over and over and over again until
you get to the bottom end of your scalp
you're going to finish off this
hairstyle by making a three piece braid
it's essentially the most basic form of
braid you can make and you're going to
braid it all the way to the end and you
can finish it off with a small elastic
so that wraps up the hair and the makeup
I think this look is perfect for just
you know chill days in and in case you
do go out this is a good foundation to
start off your eyeshadow and your
lipstick with and moving on to the
outfit this is just a really typical
outfit I'd wear lounge around the house
of course there's no color because I'm
going to really color this phase in my
life right now so it's a lot of Gray's
blocks and whites and so I'm wearing a
grey cropped hoodie and some DIY legging
shorts that I made myself and lastly I
am wearing these boots these are my
Tom's and Nepal boots
and I love the color scheme of course
and they're honestly one of the most
comfiest and most casual boots I own and
they're perfect to just kind of shuffle
around the house in I feel good wearing
these boots because of Tom's one-for-one
mission it means that every time you buy
a pair of TOMS shoes they give a new
pair of shoes to a child in need and I
think that's incredible if you're
curious to know what I do on a relaxing
morning in it's just mostly surfing the
internet and reading and if you want to
tell me what you like to do on your
morning's please leave me a comment down
below and make sure you open description
box for all the links and information
that I have feature in this video bye
