hi everyone it's Jen welcome back to my
channel I get a lot of questions
regarding style advice from a lot of you
so I thought I'd hop onto Twitter and
answer a few for you guys
so the first tweet comes from sin sin
she asks my clothes are mainly black
white or gray how do I not end up
looking dull and plain
working with only these colors first off
I know that feel I am such a sucker for
black whites and Gray's today is an
exception because I'm still wearing my
pajama top I try to spice up these
colors using two elements which are
texture and pattern I'm going to start
off with texture and so for this outfit
right here this top is the foundation of
my outfit
it's the base and I used a ribbed white
off the shoulder top and I think that
this ribbing texture just makes the top
more interesting and less boring rather
than just wearing a regular plain white
cotton tee another example of texture is
this black mohair cardigan it's fuzzy
it's fun and it just feels really good
on the skin now I'm moving on to the
pattern I'm wearing all the colors you
mentioned in this skirt but I think it's
hard to notice because it's disguised as
a floral print for shoes I kind of
cheated and just went for these brown
ones because I just think that it's
important to stay true to my style this
is what I would wear and I think that
they're really neutral and just very
feminine and pretty for this particular
outfit next up we have winter wolves and
she asks SOS what should I wear to a
family party without looking like a nun
haha I like this question because I am
definitely guilty of being that girl
wearing the booty shorts at a family
affair and to be honest at the time I
didn't care I felt good with what I was
wearing and I felt proud but looking
back I could have toned it down a little
bit more so this is what I would have
worn if I could travel back in time I
went ahead and more this pale pink dress
because there's just something really
useful about it and it's got an awesome
flare for the skirt part and as a nice
weight so I know that the skirt won't go
flying up or anything
and it's got these adorable little
cutouts on the shoulder so you're not
gonna feel too much like a prude to
cover up the arms even more I throw on
this lightweight beige cardigan I like
how the beige is kind of flesh toned so
it kind of feels like you're still
wearing something without covering
yourself up I added some black swirl
tights to make it more family
appropriate I still think this outfit is
very much my style because of the shoes
share they're freakin huge platforms but
I I'm not the type of person to
compromise my style I'm gonna wear
whatever I want and to be honest I think
big boots they aren't that you know
provocative so I'll drop them to a
family party so the next week comes from
Bronte she asks I want to have a lazy
outfit day at school but I don't want to
look like a slob
how to be comfy and cute so this outfit
that I'm showing right here is the
definition of a casual yet put together
outfit everything I'm wearing has kind
of a purpose behind it from my top I
wore a striped shirt under this beige
military-style top I like how everything
is kind of oversized because it makes it
really fussed free that way you're not
gonna have to worry about being body
conscious so that way you can just
really concentrate on your studies I
printed this outfit with some black
skinny jeans because they're classic
if jeans are a little bit too stiff for
you definitely try some leggings with it
they're also ribbed and they're quite
opaque so you're not gonna have to worry
about your underwear showing your shoes
I can adjust things up by wearing these
patent flats they're fancy kind of
grandpa's and I think they're just plain
awesome if you've been lazy and you
haven't gotten around to washing your
hair I think a beanie is the perfect
item to just plop on your head to cover
up an oily scalp or some nasty dandruff
and for accessories I just piled on some
quirky bracelets from mr. Tate so my
last tweet is from Rocio and she tweets
please I'm going to a concert and I
don't know what to wear
hey this is alpha that would wear to a
concert because my main problem at a
concert is always overheating I'm just
constantly like hot at a concert and
it's probably because there's just a lot
of people and
area and then I wore this black lace top
underneath if you're kind of iffy about
showing off your arms you can throw over
a cardigan and I love this one because
it's really flexible with temperature
it seems tight keep me warm when it's
colder but it's lightweight enough to
wear out even in the summers I
personally think that skirts give me a
lot more freedom to dance and just kind
of get down and lastly for shoes I'm
wearing my trusty old boots from Etsy
they've got some height but they've got
a really fat chunky heel so they're
comfortable and they're able to give me
the support that I'm gonna need so
that's it those are all the tweets that
I picked and if you have a fashion
dilemma and you want me to help out you
can tweet me at I'm Jenna and use the
hashtag WWJ w and that stands for what
would Jen wear if you liked this video
please give a thumbs up it would mean a
lot to me and I guess I guess that's it
I'll see you my next one bye
