hi everyone it's Jen a few of you guys
had noticed my lovely white rock from
Ikea in my favorite fall jackets video
and Amanda asked if I could do a what's
on my rack video and I thought it was a
brilliant idea because the items on my
rack are constantly changing depending
on what kind of mood I'm in what I'm
feeling at the moment
and so I thought I would share with you
some of my favorite early fall pieces so
the first item I will show you is this
patterned turtleneck from shop Susie and
I am a lover or a freak for turtlenecks
I haven't wear turtlenecks in the summer
no shame so this charlyk is awesome
because the print it kind of is
reminiscent to leaves well to me it
kinda looks like leaves and thence this
top is quite form-fitting it's going to
really highlight your figure since this
is already cropped that means I don't
have to get my scissors and cut it
myself and for an outfit like this I
would probably just wear it with some
black skinnies a newsboy cap and some
wine colored boots and these are from
daily look I think these boots are a
great alternative if you have been
eyeing the Jeffrey Campbell Roscoe's for
a while now so moving on all of it is
such a key color for the Fall
it just feels right wearing all of
during the fall so that's why one of the
pieces is this olive bust and it's got
dual sleeves so it kind of sets it apart
from just a regular old button-down I
think it's gonna look amazing with a
pair of black skinny jeans and some
classic black boots if you're looking to
elongate your legs I would recommend
wearing a bottom the same color as your
shoe so that way just kind of
streamlines it and makes it look like
you have longer legs my next piece is
this Olive vest and it is great for
those who are having a warmer fall for
my outfit I am wearing it with just a
really sheer banty this is one of my
favorite bands Joy Division and their
album Unknown Pleasures this outfit is
super casual because I'm just wearing it
with my trusty indigo skinnies and some
simple black creepers that are pointed
and just an FYI if you are interested in
these creepers I would suggest sizing
like a half-size up because I would
choose size six and these are quite
smell on my feet so I'm holding up these
gray boyfriend jeans and they have got a
very oversized fit a little bit of
distressed detailing on the legs I
personally like wearing boyfriend jeans
with a strappy sandal I think it looks
cool because you're pairing something so
masculine with such a feminine piece I
personally like that juxtaposition but
if you are into that that I was just
wearing it with some sneakers like some
simple kids or some converse if you saw
my favorite fall jackets video then you
already know that I've been
experimenting with the whole bomber
jacket trend and this is definitely one
of my favorites because it incorporates
this really feminine and kind of
luxurious tweed pattern on the center of
the jacket so that way it kind of looks
a little bit more formal
I think this jacket would look really
great with just a striped shirt and some
loose-fitting leather shorts shorts with
a runners silhouette would be great to
pair because they both have that
athletic vibe just a heads up if it's
colder where you live definitely feel
free to pair it with some black opaque
tights for a more fall appropriate look
I can't get enough of moto jackets I
think it's a trend that's going to stay
forever or I hope it stays forever
because I love the way they look and
this one is from Zara it's awesome
because it has this amazing ribbed
detail on the shoulder as well as the
back I think it's all about the details
that are really going to amp up your
moto jacket these jackets are really
great for casual outfits to wear with
just a plain white tee and
you can add some funk with a pair of
flats and these leopard flats are
awesome because they just don't slip off
my feet like a lot of flats do if buck
isn't your thing you can always go for a
white little jacket and I think these
white metal jackets work really well for
the winter because it has like that
whole winter white look and also it just
makes any outfit look very clean and
fresh and crisp
if you thought both those moto jackets
were boring and you want to take it up a
notch I would recommend going to unify
and get a moto jacket with some gnarly
modifications this one is insane it's
got this mirror plating on the lapels on
the shorter lapels there's a smiley face
and a sad face and on the bigger lapels
there's this try it no way sign so it
sends off a very clear message to
anybody I guess anyone who looks at your
jacket will get the message so that's it
these are the items that are on my rack
at the moment I know this video was a
little bit different but if you liked
the style of it and you want me to
continue this segment I'd really
appreciate a thumbs up to indicate that
you want more if you have an Instagram
or Twitter account my username is I'm
joinin feel free to like a picture or
leave me a comment or send me a tweet
whatever you want or do nothing it's
totally cool with me too and I will see
you my next video
bye
