hi everyone it's Jen happy Tuesday I'm
here with a new video and it's about
fall jackets because putting on a jacket
is probably one of my favorite things
about autumn because all about layering
and transforming your outfit by adding
one article of clothing so for this
video I've styled a few outfits
featuring my favorite jackets anoraks
have been a huge fall trend for several
years now
and we've come to a point where we're
just making more and more variations of
it and this anorak is one of them it's
got dual sleeves and it has this really
awesome Asian water color embroidery on
it and underneath it all I tried my best
to keep it as simple as I could by
wearing just a basic black crop to long
sleeve and some classic high-waisted
denim shorts I decided to add one
necklace cuz it felt kind of empty
without it and then I muted out my feet
by wearing these basic nondescript boots
from Zara
next up we've got the moto jacket if you
don't have one already what are you
waiting for they're a fall and winter
essential and I'm always looking for
really interesting features on Moto's
and this one's cool because it's got two
buckles wrapped around the edge I went
for a space-age theme with this
moon-faced tank and then really spiced
things up with this crazy holographic
skirt that my good friends Danny and
Bianca created for shoes I added some
Western elements by slipping on these
black boots that have this awesome
silver toe cap
a trenchcoat is perfect for
transitioning seasons it's great in the
spring and the fall it's just got a lot
of range because it's beige and beige is
just easy to mix and match rose to make
it a little bit more fall friendly I
paired this trench with a starched out
tapestry floral crop top and then some
warm maroon denim skinnies I thought the
room pants were a good choice because it
brings out the floral or the flower
pattern on the top and they transitioned
really well into these patent berry
colored beauties the bomber is a new
jacket that I've been playing around
with this year and this one is baby soft
pleather and it's a little bit more
tomboyish
because of the mannish silhouette but I
try to make it as feminine as possible
because I always like a challenge and I
paired it with a black sheer triangle
top and a basic tan skater skirt for
necklaces I just made a mishmash of my
favorite ones and then for shoes I
decided to make it very casual by adding
these converse
look out for coats with texture because
it's a great way to spice up an item
that's just one flat color I love this
coat because it's gonna transition so
well for the winter and plus it's got
pockets since it's fairly warm outside I
can get away by wearing the summer dress
a warm coat and a fitted dress is a
perfect combo for a fall Night Out to
add some color I wore my new black and
blue cutout heels and to make the blue
stand out even more I went ahead and put
on some of my blue sunglasses gingham is
kind of like plaids overlooked brother
gingham doesn't have much variety in his
pattern and gets commonly mistaken his
plaid so for this outfit I decided it
amp up the gingham by double printing
and yep that's right I wore gingham on
gingham and I think it looks pretty
interesting you'd have to get a really
really close look to see it's the same
print for my skirt I'm wearing this
folded origami one from pink ice and
then wore some awesome black boots with
a buckle on the ankle
I hope you found this video inspiring
feel free to look at the down bar to get
all the links for the jackets from
choice as well as the other vendors if
you have an Instagram my username is I'm
genom feel free to check me out on that
and I will see you guys in the next
video bye
