hi everyone its trend this video is my
recap of beautycon weekend and beautycon
happened late in August I know it's late
but it's better than not ever doing it
though right
so that Thursday I flew on down to LA to
go to PT cons industry night an industry
night was just a big party for content
creators on YouTube as well as companies
and sponsors and just everybody
associated in making beautycon happen
and it was just a great night filled
with talks from YouTube legends a lot of
swag being passed around and I met up
with a few old good homies of mind
and they're betting me one
the next day I went to a pool party at
the Roosevelt that beautycon and the
platform we're hosting and I guess Jen
from the past will fill you in on what
happened I am at my hotel right now this
is a very intimate angle but I'm too
lazy to hold up the camera because it
shakes like this every time I talk so
I'm just gonna gently rest it on the bed
I'm really excited because I am in a
warm environment it's a lot chillier
where I live so when I come down to LA
it's always good to soak in the Sun I am
just gonna go early it's 108 p.m. right
now and it starts at 1:00 p.m. so I'm
gonna be one of those early birds but I
don't know what else am I gonna do I
finished my work today
I'm just blobbing on let's go to the
pool whoo
grab your chain I caught em I can not
really till this guy showed up I'm
getting my hair done we're coloring it
and we'll see how it is after I got my
boots fixed by Anna we had a head on
over to public for the platform's dinner
party or not party I guess it's just
like a gathering we ate a three-course
meal and I would say it was where the
best meal ever had this year and that
says a lot because I ate a lot of bum
food this year so this day was beauty
climb like the actual event and it was
so gnarly
some of beautycon in a nutshell I
probably grazed on over some details
because it's been a while since it
happened if you have an Instagram my
user name is I'm Jenna you can follow me
if you want so just a quick update I am
officially back from New York I'm back
up in the bay fYI I don't live in LA
anymore I haven't lived in LA for two
years in case anyone listens or cares
but I guess people still get the
impression that I live in LA but I don't
I live in Oakland I'm hoping that the
New York vlog will be up next week
fingers crossed it's a lot of days to
kind of process and kind of remember
what happened
so we'll see when it happens but it will
definitely come out for sure I hope you
guys have a wonderful day feel free to
leave me a comment down below telling me
what's going on with you man what's up
I'll see you guys next time bye
