hi everyone it's Jen today I'm going to
take some summer outfits and then
transition them into full-blown fall
ensembles so I hope you guys enjoy
I'm starting things off with the classic
romper and I love wearing ones that are
just in a super soft and loose material
because it really helps the breeze and
they're just really comfy to wear I've
paired this one with some minimalist
black sandals from Zara and then to kind
of bring it up a notch I am wearing
these chandelier earrings that are
totally iridescent and wicked in order
to make it more fall appropriate I just
added a bunch of black elements to my
look I thought the shredded black hoodie
was the piece to layer over the romper
because now the romper just looks like
it's just an ordinary pair of shorts and
I added some dot tights to cover up my
legs and then I wore these huge massive
semi patent Jeffrey Campbell's from pigs
and Marc a Thai guy or psychedelic
prints were such a huge trend in the
summer this top is more of a watercolor
print and it reminds me a lot of the
ocean because of the depth it has to
enhance the blue colors of the shirt I
paired it with my blue pleather axel
shorts and then I slipped them to these
taupe ankle boots from Zara to just kind
of mute the bottom half of my look I
threw on a pair of sunglasses because no
summer look is complete without them for
my fall version once again I just added
a bunch of black layers and some winter
textures I just threw on a thin black
cardigan in case it gets a little bit
chilly and then I just added some black
leather pants to toughen it up and make
it a little bit more badass
whenever I wear a Hawaiian shirt I just
can't help but feel like a dorky tourist
well a dorky yet stylish tourist and
this one is great because it's cropped
fitted and it has a simple color palette
and I wanted the white in the shirt to
really really pop so I added my white
lace trim high-waisted shorts I wore
some old beat-up converse that I got as
a hand-me-down from my old roommate and
I like how she already pre broken them
in so it's great and now I'm showing you
how you can wear a Hawaiian shirt in the
fall it's pretty easy
same method add a bunch of dark colors
and more mitts and I'm so stoked to be
wearing speckled nuts again because
they're my favorite print for the colder
weather I traded in the converse for
these thrifted cream Oxford's because I
just feel like they're a lot more wintry
alright so I'm finishing off the video
with an overall I had my eye on these
marbled overall since June and I kind of
glossed over it when I saw the original
price they finally went on sale online
and I snatched them up because I've
never seen a pair like these before and
I took my chance when the opportunity
struck and for my summer look I just
added a plain white tank with some blue
embroidered nice on the top and then I
just went for one of my go-to sandals
this is my fall look and to be honest I
much prefer this way like the way it's
styled here because I think the marble
print really pops when I wear it with
black I think it makes for a really
fantastic contrast to cover-up I added
some sheer swirled tights from American
Apparel and beanie I hope you guys
enjoyed the outfits I'm sorry about the
sloppy setup I am currently packing for
New York Fashion Week and of course I
decided to pack all my things a few
hours before my flight I am a damn fool
but I am vlogging the entire New York
experience so stay tuned for that if you
want some I don't know more early
updates of my Europe trip you can follow
me I'm genom which is my Instagram and
you can see pictures there until next
time I'll see you guys later bye
