hi it's John welcome back I went to the
Alameda flea market or also known as the
Alameda point antiques fair but I'm just
going to call it the flea market because
it's just a lot easier for me to say so
this is the part where I'll put in the
flashback of Sunday dinner dude I have
all my way to the Alameda flea market
right now and the Alameda flea market is
basically an antique Fair happens every
first Sunday of the month and today
happens to be the first Sunday of
September I'm looking for home decor
stuff because my house is cool but it's
lacking you know some interest some
quirkiness so I'm just going to find
little knickknacks to put in my house
hopefully a vanity that's maybe asking
for too much let's see what happens
Oh
you
you
status update it's around one o'clock we
only got a few knickknacks no luck on
the vanity no luck on a bed dresser
thing everything is really overpriced
which is kind of a bummer but spirits
are okay this is cute depressing to use
it is I'm just being honest
perfect it's just rows upon rows of just
stuff and you don't know if you're
getting a good deal or not because the
next thing that's similar to that thing
you already lost your place so maybe
with me like a map of the entire thing
it would be a little bit more efficient
but ain't nobody got time for that I
think we're gonna do one more walk
around to see if there's anything else
better than that that's a wrap I guess I
just really wanted to get a vanity
alright peace out okay so now that's out
of the way here are the things that I
bought at the flea market I got this
fossilized trilobite and this thing is
around 500 million years old and so I
thought that it would be a good reminder
for me to realize that the earth didn't
start when I was born and it's not going
to end well I'm dead either so it just
kind of puts me on check because
sometimes it's really easy to just get
really lost in your own world and become
very egotistical about your goals and
become very selfish but to realize that
we're just only a slither in one huge
picture that our brains can fathom is
something that is going to keep us all
humble and down to earth so I thought
this would be a good reminder for me and
plus I think the color scheme is really
sick because it's gonna go in with my
room I'm all about storage and prior to
this thing about to show you all my
lipsticks were just kind of laid out in
this gross body bag
so I mean I'm pretty sure I've lost at
least six to ten lipsticks just because
I just do my bag or I've washed them in
the washer because I left in my pocket
so when I saw this metal basket the only
thing I saw was a lipstick
here it's supposed to be an old toolbox
or something or painters can use it to
kind of hold up all their brushes but
I'm going to use it to store all my
lipsticks because it's just the perfect
size for all the little tubes I just
love the whole older elite element of it
and I tried my best to wipe it down with
the Clorox wipe and kind of hose it down
but I honestly think that this is as
clean as it's gonna get
and plus I think it's not too bad
because I've done the best I could and
all the lipsticks are self contained so
I don't think there's going to be any
crazy contamination at this point so my
next item is the silver structure which
was once part of a giant mixing
contraption I suppose but I'm going to
use it as a candle holder because the
hole right here happens to be perfect
for candle fitting I've already ordered
some rainbow candles to put in here so
I'm very very excited about that and I
just think it looks like an old Art Deco
piece which is going to look sick in my
room I bought one piece of jewelry and
it is the silver watch it's broken but I
think it's mostly gonna be for looks
anyway I love how dainty it looks all by
itself and I think it looks amazing when
I stack other bracelets with it with
kind of other silver bracelets or
bracelets with the pop of turquoise I
think it's just a good piece to
mix-and-match with so my next piece is a
little bit strange but don't call her
creepy because I think she can hear when
I first saw her I just thought she was
so beautiful
I bought her so I can just kind of
display my hats in a fun and unique way
and I think she looks damn good in every
single one of my hats for now I put her
in this little captain's hat because I'm
kind of liking that whole military look
right now so she's gonna wear this I
personally don't think she's creepy
because she's never directly looking at
you she's always just kind of spacing
out and in a really nice daydream which
I wish that I can see I've got to give
her a name so if you have any
suggestions please comment down below
and I would love to pick up my favorite
one so my last piece is in vanity I
actually got one I was stunned but I ran
into it towards the end of the flea
market it's this old wooden wicker table
and I just love the fact that the wood
has
kind of evolved into all these different
types of colors there's different shades
of brown and hints of green to it so it
just really kind of ties in my whole
room together by making it a little bit
more warm cozy and a little bit rustic
too
I still have to get a mirror for it and
a chair as well so I mean it's still
work-in-progress but for now it is
perfect before I leave I want to mention
that having a free main group for
everybody
ons temper six in New York and the time
the location is still yet to be made but
if you follow sugar and fluff and thread
sides on Instagram or Twitter they're
going to announce it there they're the
ones who are organizing the entire event
so they're the ones who are getting the
news first and so if you just follow
them on Twitter Instagram you'll have
the details first also if you have a
snapchat you can follow thread sense for
little snippets of my party and the
meet-and-greet and just little cute
messages in general I'll also put the
info to the Alameda flea market or the
Antiques Fair in the description box in
case you're wondering where it was and
if you already forgot what day it's on
if you have an instagram or twitter my
handle is i'm genuine for both accounts
so you can follow me there if you'd like
I hope you all had a relaxing and
wonderful Labor Day I know I did
I just spent most of my time kind of
putting my place together and I also
went to the beach I went to Half Moon
Bay and it was wonderful to just kind of
soak in the Sun read and play frisbee my
right wrist is so sore from throwing it
you like seeing these videos just kind
of home decor / knick-knack things then
I would love it if you'd give it a
thumbs up it'd mean a lot to me and than
that I will see you guys next time
and thank you so much for watching bye
yeah
