hi it's Jen happy Friday and I have some
good news if you're from New York I'm
going to Fashion Week again this year
and this time I'm hosting a party with
red cents and sugar and fluff due to
limited capacity and the physical space
that we have we can only invite 50 of
you guys so this is how you can enter to
win some passes go on Instagram and take
a picture of what you'd wear to New York
Fashion Week and hashtag cosmic and y fw
and each person only has one entry so
just admit your outfit one time the
winners are gonna get two passes one for
themselves and one for whoever they want
to bring the stick and bringing your
best friend your boyfriend the reason
why I say it's only for New York
residents is because flight and
accommodations are not included if you
have any questions email them at
contests at CENTCOM and I wish everyone
the best of luck I hope you have a good
weekend also my new show on the platform
called the getup is finally coming out
tomorrow I've been filming these
episodes several months now and it would
be awesome if you could subscribe to the
platform so you can see and watch the
first episode tomorrow I love you bye
