good morning college is right around the
corner so I thought it'd be time for me
to showcase some of my college ready
outfits there's a blend of casual and
formal to these looks so I hope you'll
enjoy also weights the end of the video
to find out how you can win either a
$2.00 gift card to 2020 a venue or a $50
gift card there's going to be four lucky
winners so stay tuned paisley is a
wonderful psychedelic pattern that makes
any outfit of casual one
I do on this black and white Paisley
shawl which adds a nice flow and
coverage to what I'm wearing underneath
I'm wearing this cropped black cutout
top with a great cross strap in the back
i accessorized by adding this dainty
little shark-tooth necklace and then I
strapped into my Doc Martens that have a
heel they're extremely durable and
they're perfect for marching around on
campus with
I get a real Parisian vibe from this
outfit and it may be due to the beret I
saw The Fifth Element recently and
putting my braids down has been more
difficult than usual and this one is
from aardvarks this is a really cute put
together look I wear to class if I still
want to make a statement but want to be
comfortable the ornate detailing on the
sleeves make it so you don't really have
to accessorize jewelry if you don't feel
like it
for bottom's are wearing this block a
zipper crotch shorts that are totally
wicked and then I'm wearing these cute
white pointed shoes that remind me of
duckies creepers and pretty in pink
this is another casual look with the
twist this anorak always turns heads
because of the not so sweet message in
the back if the jacket is too intense
you can throw it off for an effortless
fall
I love to stress detailed knits
especially when I pair it with a thick
fabric like tapestry I think it just
comes off as really elegant and
luxurious for shoes I just went for my
ankle boots from Zara because I thought
it went well with the whole color scheme
there's nothing like a huge beige
cardigan to tone down any whacky piece
underneath I'm wearing one from 2020
Avenue and I love the huge oversized fit
and the fact that has pockets because
we're all so you can put your hands at
an off the moment I chose this cute
flirty fluttery top because I wanted it
too heavily contrast with these crazy
ripped open jeans I know that there are
a lot of look but there's just something
that just draws me to them I'm wearing
my patent line ombre heels from Jeffrey
Campbell because they're the perfect
height for a campus heel and then I
coordinated with the wine color with
this beanie to keep my hair in place
my last look is an outfit that plays
with ombre I love amber because of its
versatility in my case I found a happy
middle zone and went for a semi casual
look I faded the ombre top into the dark
blue shorts I found at a consignment
store a few years ago I added some cool
tone jewelry on my ears
and then I just jumped the gun and went
for these really crazy strappy heels
they are from choice and they're a
knockoff of the Alexander Wang ones so
you made towards the end there's going
to be one random grand prize winner will
win a 200-dollar 2020 Avenue gift card
and then three runner-ups for a $50 gift
card all you have to do is like 2020
avenues Facebook page and then you're
going to see this picture and share this
photo from their Facebook page the
winner will be announced on Wednesday
August 28th at 10 a.m. on 2020 avenues
Facebook page so keep your eyes peeled
if you have an Instagram or Twitter my
username is I'm Jen M and I guess that's
it for now I hope you take care and I'll
see you my next one bye
you
