hi everyone its Jon welcome back to the
channel this video is going to be about
dresses because summer is kind of
winding down
we're admit all guests practically so I
thought that I would do my summer
dresses video now because I can kind of
play with summer trends and some of fall
trends also if you stick around I'll
show you guys how you can win this dress
this is my first dress and for some
reason I get a really regal vibe from
the print so I did everything in my
power to dress this baby down I added a
huge monster of a cardigan to add some
slouch I'm a huge sucker for speckled
knits so I love the effect it has on
this entire outfit if it's scorching-hot
where you live just ditch the cardigan
and wear it as it is in all its glory
for shoes I wore these badass vintage
netted heels these I got around 3 or 4
years ago at a store called American
vintage and definitely one of my
favorite pieces then I added a white
floral head crown to add some femininity
to the outfit
I love off-the-shoulder pieces and
cutouts and this stress combines the two
making it a perfect dress for me I
really wanted the cutouts to stand out
so I didn't add much so that the cutouts
would pop out even more the only thing I
added was this brown felt fedora I got
at Topshop and I wanted to stick with
the warm hues so I slipped into my Brown
Zara heel Chelsea boots
next up I'm wearing another one of my
favorite patterns which is dots this
dress is super soft and can also double
as PJs
I love sleeping and dresses I'm wearing
a dress right now as I'm speaking this
voiceover anyway I just threw on a light
wash denim jacket to make it look a
little bit more casual and I'm wearing
this tiered gold arrow necklace just so
it's not too plain I'm wearing my
infamous nude strappy flat forms that I
wear pretty much all the time
dresses are awesome because they can
also be worn as skirts all you need to
do is find a sweater that you like I
chose this grey one because it's cropped
that way it won't drown out my waist and
I think it works really well at the
color scheme since all cool tones which
is why I chose this silver necklace and
for shoes I'm just wearing these white
buckle sandals
if there's any small chested girls out
there we're looking to experiment with
different styles I suggest a dress with
the ruffle it's something that I think
looks really flattering to our body type
because the ruffles still looks
proportionate to the body so try it out
and let me know what you think I added
this black and white ikat pattern shawl
to add some spunk to the outfit and this
unit contro hat because no outfit is
complete without it for shoes I'm just
wearing another one of my favorite
sandals
if you're obsessed with the 90s this
dress might be perfect for you it's got
that 90s paint stroke pattern but the
silhouette is very much 2013 this dress
is awesome because you can also work
backwards like I did in this Instagram
picture I added this huge military
jacket because I have this tendency to
throw on really ill-fitting pieces of
outerwear on foundations that are really
form-fitting of course if this isn't
your cup of tea you can just wear the
dress as it is because I think it looks
great that way too I added this cream
cable knit beanie because it's really
windy and chilly where I live even the
summer so I found it necessary and then
I added this silver necklace to just
kind of accessorized I'm wearing my new
huge black platforms from misguided
I love how ridiculously huge they are I
feel like I'm wearing missiles on my
feet and I love every second of it yes
mid to the end here is how you can own
the dress number one you're gonna fall
around my bandits on Instagram
rule number two you're gonna go on my
Instagram which is a timed run in and
you're going to see this picture and
like it and that's it
you don't have to follow me it's totally
cool and if you're wondering where I am
I'm a new house it is pretty crazy I
feel like an adult so I still need to
get a bunch of things from my house like
a bunch of art I need a coffee table I
need a vanity I need a bunch of storage
so I will do a room slash house tour in
the future but realistically I don't
think I'll do it anytime soon because
there's so much work to be done and I
want it to be perfect before I film it
or else it's gonna turn me up inside so
please be patient with me it will come
the tour will come feel free to leave me
a comment down below telling me how your
day is or maybe one thing that you
really enjoyed this week I would love to
read it
really I guess I'll see you in my next
video bye
