hi I'm John I have officially done
favorites for one year now and I've done
11 or 12 so that's pretty damn good I
just missed March but there's nothing in
March anyway I think Patrick's Day so
without further ado here are my July
favorites whoo in the summertime I tend
towards earrings instead of necklaces
and rings like all our necklaces and
rings but my first choice are earrings
because they kind of stay in your way
and they're a good way to kind of just
add a little bit of glean to your face
I've been loving these square shaped
ones from H&M they're kind of like a fun
twist from the regular hoop earrings
because they've got that same effect but
they're in a cooler shape in my opinion
they mention everything because most of
my jewelry happens to be silver so it's
just kind of another one to throw in the
mix I know many of you think that I only
wear heels but that's a lie because I do
our flats my favorite this month has
been my Jeffrey Campbell castro's
they're a really industrial looking
gladiator sandal and the buckles are
actually kind of like mini mirrors so
when you're walking in the Sun they just
really gleam and shine and they're
wicked as for sizing when I first got
them they were a little bit snug like my
pinky toe kept on chafing but after five
to six times of wearing it they have
stretched out and they're one of the
most comfortable shoes that I own so I
would say they're true to size next up
I've got my fly white sunglasses I
really like them because they're rounded
I have been loving either around
sunglasses R squared and these are a
really fun pop of white to add to any
outfit they've got a really cool fresh
funky factor and nod they're kind of
reminiscent to Wonka circa 2005 but I
think it's fine because I'm not a
middle-aged dude so I don't think I look
exactly like it when I went to Canada
last month one book that I devoured was
Memoirs of a Geisha it's a really fast
read with great pot development I think
one of the reasons why I couldn't fit it
down was because it was
in such a clear and concise way there
are a few words that need defining so
you can just kind of get lost in the
book basically it's an easy read so
here's a quick summary it's about a
young girl named sy OD who gets thrown
into the world of Geisha land and you
kind of follow her journey into evolving
into one of Japan's top geisha I have
yet to see the movie because I am so
terrified of shattering sight UT and the
Chairman's image in my head because in
my brain they are perfect beings so it's
gonna be weird to kind of see what the
directors interpretation is but if
you've seen the movie let me know how it
is and maybe you guys can convince me if
it's really good here's a vintage find
that I've been wearing non-stop there
was a point in July where I weren't five
days straight as pajamas and it's just
everyday wear it is basically just a big
black oversized shirt that has moe one
of the three stooges I love the color
scheme because it's black white and red
and I'm really able to kind of make the
red pop out more when I add a bright red
lip to it I just think it's a fun way to
coordinate with the shirt I saw
Fruitvale station last month and I urge
you to go see it it is about a true
story of a man named Oscar Grant who was
shot and killed by a BART officer and
Bart is the public transportation system
in the Bay Area and it is a good example
of how racism is still prevalent inside
the United States and I think it's a
huge problem that kind of remains
ignored and latent amongst those who are
racially privileged and I think it's
important to kind of stress that people
are more than just stereotypes and
characters of their race we are more
than what a type cat says about us for
human beings with different experiences
in life and different stories and just
being a certain race or your skin color
doesn't determine on who you are as a
human being I don't think there was a
dry eye in the theater
and I want you to go see it before it's
not theaters anymore I have a music
playlist for you I made a summer
playlist when I was working with MTV
Canada so I'll put the playlist in the
description box below last thing I
wanted to give a shout out to Julie who
wrote me this great letter and gave it
to me at my flea market it really kind
of made me choked up because I didn't
know what kind of effect I I had on you
and I just wanted to let you know that
it really touched me and I had no way of
writing you back some good I've kind of
say it like this so thank you for taking
the time out to write something so
amazing to me and I really appreciate it
other news I have technically moved into
my new place but there is nothing in
there not even a bed I'm actually gonna
go bed shopping today hopefully I'll
leave with something this month has been
or I guess last month has been really
really stressful more than the school
actually so it's been a huge transition
period for me and I want to thank you
guys for sticking with me and being
really patient Guillaume Instagram my
username is I'm doing do hope you check
me out I'll see you in my next video bye
