I can't believe it's August summer is
going by so fast but I like that we
still got a good chunk of time to soak
in the warm summer nights i styled for
quick looks all for different occasions
that will hopefully inspire you to go
out and make some memories this night
I'm starting things off relatively tune
by starting with a summer work party
outfit I made it more formal by adding
this tweed structured great jacket to
add more power to my look and if you
decide to take off the jacket you've got
a summer ready outfit it's chic because
of the timeless black button-down and
casual because of the loose-fitting
board shorts
I added some strappy black heels to add
some drama to my feet and to add some
height I really need it for accessories
I just went for some dangly gold
earrings because I don't really like
wearing rings in the summer my next look
is for a pool party and in case it's
just a smidgeon chilly I added this
lightweight pink cataract because it's
really casual and a great layering piece
underneath I'm wearing this black
mermaid esque dress that's the perfect
bathing suit cover-up it's got a really
dark kwatak look that looks amazing with
the feminine anorak because this dress
is pretty sheer I added some black denim
cutoffs
to cover-up and then I chose my black
strappy sandals because I thought there
was a lot of look going on on top so I
kept it minimal on my feet once again
the accessories are pretty simple I just
added a simple silver necklace
this lift is for a kickback or a house
party basically an event where you don't
feel compelled to get too dolled up I've
been loving locking light outfits
because you can really play around with
your makeup and have it really pop I
tucked my shirt a little bit into my
jeans because I find that it makes my
outfit a little bit more rough and
tumble and casual I added a beanie
because I'll find any excuse to wear one
and then I wore these white sandals with
a low heel to coordinate with the rest
of my look I love girls night out
because I use it as an excuse to really
experiment with different trends I
recently bought this knee on top because
sunbeams just showed it in a video
recently and I had to get it I paired
this super retina searing top with a
baroque skirt that's really loud and
funky usually like to tone down loud
pieces with something neutral but in
this case I just paired to statement
pieces together I wore these awesome
clunky block boots because I wanted to
add some masculine elements to this
outfit and then I just went for a really
bright lip so those are all my summer
night looks if you want more summer
outfits give this video a thumbs up and
feel free to leave me a comment below
and also I wanted to note that I am not
sick my mic on my laptop makes me sound
congested so I'm working on getting a
new one and yeah I guess that's it I'll
talk to my next one bye
