hi it's Jen
welcome back to my channel I am doing a
video about tomboy inspired outfits
something slightly more masculine but
with my own twist to it this is all my
own personal style these videos aren't
meant to be tutorials on how to dress
you can just pick out some pieces that
you find cool and great and use them to
dress yourself and to put your own
unique modification to it you know so I
whipped up a few outfits for you all
that are kind of more boyish and there
you go my first look is a super casual
tomboy outfit because it's got all the
elements of comfort I think when you
pair a flannel with the graphic tee it
always looks really effortless
and it's an easy combo to think of when
you're in a rush in the morning I
decided to wear my baggy destroyed
boyfriend jeans because it's a relaxed
and boyish silhouette and plus I think
it's a nice break from the whole skinny
jeans craze for shoes I chose my new
Jeffrey Campbell's
which are kind of a variation of the
roscoe and then I finished off the look
with some squared off sunglasses
Chino's are one of my wardrobe staples
because they're perfect for both men and
women and they're great for formal
occasions I think they're a must-have
pant to have in hand especially if
you're in a you know professional
workplace because I think it looks
awesome when you contrast a material
that's really loose like my chiffon top
with a piece with more structure like
these pants I'm wearing the same old
Jeffrey Campbell's from the previous
outfit and then I accessorized it with a
gray fedora
here's another outfit incorporating a
graphic tee and mine is just a super
soft material and it's got a really
tripped out design featuring all these
wicked eyes and then I added a knit
bomber jacket with contrasting sleeves
to make it a little bit more sporty and
then slipped into some standard cut-off
denim shorts for shoes I just went with
my bulky creepers which add a great
weight to the entire ensemble I'm not
wearing a lipstick for this outfit this
is my last outfit and I guess this one
is more sporty than tomboyish
but I thought I'd added to the mix
anyway I bought this tank because it
reminded me of the mi a song X are 2 and
X are 2 starts off with her repeating
like where were you in 92 where were you
in 92 and then the beat drops in the
song gets so freakin crazy and I highly
recommend that song if you want to
listen to something that will pump you
up yes I cut my hair annalee did it she
did an amazing job
she also colored it and made it lighter
so I'm really happy with the results
originally I wanted to cut it this short
like all over but I'm really glad that
she just kind of eased me into it
because I can just make like a faux bob
and I would be really satisfied and I
cut it off because I was sick of having
long hair I've had long hair since I was
17 and I desperately needed a change
Anna
Jessi and Clare all vlogs that day so
I'll put their vlog videos in the
description box so you can watch it if
you're interested feel free to comment
down below I'd love to read what you
have to say and if you have an Instagram
my username is I'm genom thank you so
much for watching and being so
supportive of me and I will talk to you
guys in next video bye
