it's summer and it's hot and I know
firsthand that it's difficult to find
motivation to wear something cute when
it's you know toastier than normal
outside it's tempting to just go out in
something boring but you don't have to
do that you can still look really put
together and refreshed
despite the gnarly weather wearing a
two-piece matching set is one of the
easiest ways to look really put together
and fancy with the least amount of
effort because when you break it down
the two pieces are just skirt and a top
and they come off more formal because
they match and they're the same color
and the same print so people will think
that you've spent a lot more time
coordinating outfit when reality you
were just really lazy and I didn't feel
like accessorizing so I just let my
shoes be the statement piece they're a
really simple silhouette but they've got
this crazy spiking detail that are
borderline dangerous my next novel
revolves around the camisole or cami
it's really lightweight and minimal and
just super easy to dress up this outfit
I'm wearing these cobalt blue shorts
with this adorable bow in the stomach
the material is really soft and caught
in like so it's not gonna weigh you down
or make you sweat bricks and I think the
shorts on the top really complement each
other because the shorts are such a
statement piece while the cami is just
plain and kinda exists and wearing
necklaces and rings when it's really hot
just feels gross
so accessorized with my concho hat from
Univ and then I finished off the look
with some strappy gladiators
banti is something that's just really
easy to slip in and out of
I am totally guilty of just sleeping in
a banty and then waking up in the
morning and putting normal clothes over
it when it's time to go outside
and I'm reppin a show lo T because my
favorite couple Becca and Justin are in
this band and they're just extremely
talented and I just feel really proud to
rep
and I added this celestial shawl from
Goodwill in case there are those who
want to cover their arms and plus when
it's really humid outside I've learned
to wear long sleeves because nothing's
worse than sticky arms and I chose my
white sandals because there's something
about white shoes and the summertime
that just looks so right
my last suggestion is to just wear a
dress summertime dresses are just really
fuss free and you'll feel every fresh
breeze while wearing them I chose this
white dress with this beautiful blue
detailing because it kinda has like a
Dutch feel to it doesn't it and it just
looks very feminine and effortless and
embroidery on the chest and the back
just takes the stress to the next step
of grilling as' and I love it this is
something that I totally wear to a
botanical garden or just running around
doing errands it's really versatile and
I just think it's wonderful
I hope this video helped you think of
some ideas on how you can cool off
during the summer so please comment down
below and let me know what your favorite
outfit was and please check description
box to see all the links for the items
I've shown in fact it's just good
YouTube etiquette to always check the
infobox there's gonna be a lot of
information there and I guess that's it
my Instagram is I'm genom and I'll see
you my next one bye
