hi it's Jen happy Saturday I'm here
because I have some really amazing needs
to share with you I've accepted two
bulls on University which is target's
24-hour live streaming dorm and serve
for days you're gonna see people like me
there 24/7 and you can see it at Bulls
on University calm it starts on Monday
July 15 6 a.m. Pacific and so that's 9
a.m. Eastern and so at this event you're
gonna see us do a lot of life things
like I'll be doing College advice
hairstyle tricks makeup even so if you
have any questions about college like
how to balance your social life and your
studies or making friends or my favorite
College hairstyles then please comment
down below and I'll pick my favorite
I'll answer them for you at bull's eye
University also I'll be doing
caricatures and a caricature is
basically a really exaggerated cartoon
of you so if you want me to draw you go
on instagram hashtag i'm genom or
hashtag Close Encounters of your
favorite selfie and I just might draw
you there there's gonna be over 400
prizes that we're gonna give away so the
more you hang out the more likely you're
gonna win something if you're interested
but you know you're a really forgettable
person you can sign up for a reminder at
bull's eye University calm and yeah I
hope to see you guys on Monday bye
