hi I'm John big shock I'm doing my
monthly favourites on time so here are
the greatest things of last month if you
don't know by now I am a nail polish
freak I probably changed my nail color
probably a minimum of one week and that
says a lot I'm going through a lot of no
closure mover and one day I was in a
rush and I forgot my non acetone nail
polish remover so I picked up this which
is a non acetone nail polish remover pad
and so basically these are just really
thick pieces of felts that are soaked in
the formula and it's really important to
me that I use non acetone for my nails
because if I don't use it then my nails
won't wouldn't be as long as they are
right now it's the only way that my
nails just don't crack and chip so if
you're looking to grow your nails I
highly highly suggest something that is
non acetone these work pretty damn well
and they're gonna be perfect for
traveling and you're gonna need around 2
pads to finish all 10 fingers speaking
of nails the pinky nude that I've been
wearing on my nails a lot this month has
been 3 concept eyes PK 15 which is the
most perfect shade of pinky nude for my
finger tips and this is the nail polish
that I wore on my updated makeup
tutorial and a lot of you guys are
asking which which nail polish that is
and it's this one
this is just a phenomenal shade
something that's really classic and very
sophisticated and with a top coat this
thing can go on your nails for around
two or three days without chipping my
next product is a lip color
it's Nyx's Antwerp sorry that name
always cracks me up probably cuz there's
TWRP in it either way this is just a
lovely shade of pink it is something
that just complements any eye shadow
look you're going for you can go for a
crazy dark smoky eye and this would just
look rushing on your lips my next
favorite is a movie and I went into this
movie expecting nothing but greatness
because viggo mortensen is in it and any
movie with Aragon is just freaking
exciting for me and this movie is called
the road it's based off a novel but it
became a movie in 2009 this movie is
about Viggo Mortensen and his fictional
son in a post-apocalyptic world where
there aren't a lot of people surviving a
lot of people have died from a natural
disaster they never say what disaster
actually happen but that's besides the
point
and it brings up issues on what it truly
means to survive in a world where there
is essentially no food and a lot of
people have resorted to cannibalism so
it's kind of like zombies with the
conscience so check it out because I
really enjoyed this movie if you've seen
it please comment down below and let me
know what you thought of it so I
graduated this month and one of my best
friends Stephanie got me the sickest
graduation present ever she actually
owns a YouTube channel her username is
soothing sister so check her out she
knows me really well because I'm quite
desensitized from clothing items so when
a friend gets me something that's not
visa clothing I don't know I just know
that they went above and beyond to
really think about what I like anyway
she got me this oil slick pocket knife
from Kershaw and it is the most gorgeous
thing I've ever laid my eyes on
it's strange calling a weapon something
gorgeous so in August I'm either moving
out to San Francisco or Oakland and both
cities have some really really sketch
parts in the neighborhood and I think
it's important that young women remain
somewhat protected I highly doubt that
I'll ever use my knife or a pepper spray
but it's just the security of knowing
that I'll have a chance of defending
myself if that situation ever arises I'm
not condoning violence whatsoever
I do support defense nuts into my
favorites please comment down below and
give me something to read and if you
have an Instagram my surname is I'm
Drinan
please check me out if you'd like and I
believe that's all I will see you guys
next one bye
