hi everyone it's Jen fourth of July is
right around the corner so I thought
it'd be mega appropriate to show some
inspiration on what I might wear this
holiday plus I think it's really fun to
dress in the theme even though some
might think it's dorky so this is the
first outfit
this look is called breezy blue because
it's something I'd wear if my 4th of
July was around 70 degrees Fahrenheit I
know a lot of you guys live in places
where it isn't blazing hot yet so this
is an outfit that's perfect for a cooler
environment with a bit of breeze and I
originally didn't intend to incorporate
any red into this look because this is
supposed to be my really subtle fourth
of July outfit but I didn't realize that
I actually had red on my toes so it
coordinated with the theme really well
and for my accessories I just piled on
some minimal silver rings and I went
with a peach lip
this next outfit is kind of inspired by
the all-american Stepford wife but it's
a wife that carries attitude because the
dress is kind of short and this is an
outfit I'd wear to a barbecue or a
potluck basically anything with food
involved because of the picnic print and
I strapped into my favorite summer
platforms which are these white ones
from kaisalmi and in case the Sun is too
intense
I'm wearing my black cat eye shades from
eBay to block off the Rays if you're
planning on sleeping in and then
celebrating at night this outfit is
probably your best bet and this is
something I would wear during the
evening definitely to watch some
fireworks and since I'm loving that
whole monochromatic look I thought it'd
be interesting to translate that into a
fourth of July outfit and I'm very
pleased with the way it looks because I
look like a flag that's lost all its
color I thought I'd use some red accents
to fuse some glamour and these shoes
have gone through some crazy stuff with
me and I apologize about how beat-up
they look but if you couldn't tell I
wear my shoes hard and I actually prefer
them to have a little bit of grime on
them this outfit is by far the most in
your face fourth of July outfit out of
the bunch and I like this shirt because
it strays away from the usual freedom
and America theme and it reveals another
prominent theme in America which is
consumerism the eye in the middle of the
shirt is the same one from the dollar
and it just kind of implies that
capitalism is the true heart of America
anyway I wore my black skinnies
with the loud top and then I wore some
summer Jets by modern Vice and I believe
I'm still wearing ravishing by Matt
this is the last outfit and this one is
for a scorching hot summer day where I
can't be bothered to wear anything else
but a ultra loose dress and I love this
silhouette of the dress because it's
really forgiving and works well with
lazy days I piled on a few necklaces to
add a little bit of Jewish to it and for
shoes I'm wearing my new Dean juries for
that extra height and plus I think the
wooden heel goes really well with the
color of the dress so those were all my
fourth of July looks please comment down
below and tell me what your plans are
this Independence Day and I actually
won't even be in America for fourth of
July I'll be in Toronto and so if any of
you guys see me walking around please
say hi and I'll see you on my next video
bye
