stacking on tons of jewelry and
accessories doesn't sound like that much
fun in the summer when you're kind of
just dripping and sweat but guess what
sometimes fashion is about sacrifices so
I'm going to show you guys six of my
favorite ways to accessorize the season
I'm going to start off with crystals now
there's a lot of literature which say
that crystals like quartz contain
healing properties but I think it's okay
to be a skeptic because there isn't any
conclusive evidence that it's true
either way I think it's a fun way to
just jazz up any outfit and I like to
mix and match my crystals with other
necklaces this one is from a mom and pop
local Tibetan store and my next one is a
green floor right one for me go rose
next I've got a bird one from Karmaloop
and lastly I've got this fun shaped
metal necklace from PacSun now I like to
wear all my raw candy on just a minimal
background aka a plain white dress and
this one's cool because of the exposed
side because that way you can just mix
and match fun bra let's for a edgy vibe
and mine is from brandy melville to
match with the cage bralette
I went for these cage gladiators from
Jeffrey Campbell they've got this really
sparkly mirror buckle that just flashes
in the Sun and I can already tell you
that these are going to be my go-to
summer shoes
I think every girl needs a pair of big
black honeys
to one avoid unwanted eye contact and to
to throw over your eyes on a lazy day
and if you want to add a bit obsessed
try some cat eye shades and my outfit
here is something that's very polished
and sophisticated something I would wear
hanging out the family or maybe a work
party or something and my snakeskin top
is from one day bandits and my bottoms
are these amazing pleated skorts and I
think the pleats make something so
juvenile like a pair of skorts into
something that is incredibly refined and
for shoes I picked out my ivory buckled
heels I have that asymmetrical heel for
a fresh feel I feel like a boater hat
has been one of my summer essentials
since oh 9 but I guess some things don't
really change this one is from H&M but I
actually bought it off my friend because
it's just laying around your closet and
it's one of the best buys I've ever made
because a boater hat looks amazing with
little floral dresses I think it's
because of that nice contrast it has
you're basically wearing something
wonderfully feminine with an item that
is quintessentially masculine and the
end result is something that feels
really balanced and not gimmicky at all
for shoes I wore one of my favorite
heels if you've seen my minimalist heel
video these are no surprise to you and
on my lips I'm wearing a splash of this
rich peach color by Mac
coold is a metal that looks divine on
tan skin which is probably why I busted
out during the summertime and the trick
with gold is you don't want to pile on
too much or else it might look like you
landed on some crazy pirate treasure or
something and I like to mix and match my
jewelry with different shapes textures
colors and when I'm wearing rings I like
to play with the different levels on my
hand so I use a mixture between MIDI
rings and normal rings to have a awesome
feel and on my earrings I'm wearing
these I have raw ones from Urban
Outfitters and this is my complete
outfit at a glance it might look a
little bit professional due to the laser
but when I take it off it looks like I'm
ready to party and I'm wearing a dotted
croc tank and a zipper slit skirt from
the editors market and to enhance the
color of the gold I'm wearing my tan
Jeffrey Campbell's pins are an excellent
way to add pizzazz to anything and I
think they look great on the Pels I got
this smiley face one from eBay and the
triangle one was a freebie from when my
friend Becca did her gallery showing and
I picked out this hilarious Bush and
Reagan pin at a flea market and it came
with the doodles so obviously someone
was extremely dissatisfied with their
term and I added all these pins on an
old vest that I got at Goodwill it was
actually a vest dress and I cut it into
something of normal length and now it's
one of my favorite thrift pieces
underneath that vest I'm wearing a super
soft piece of nothing shirt that says
sedate the masses and for my bottoms
I just went loud and proud with my blue
Paisley printed pants these just take my
outfit to the next level and I'm loving
every second of it and for my shoes I
chose my black ankle strap booties for
extra height and
I'm wearing ravishing on my lips
snapbacks have this uncanny ability to
make anything you're wearing to
something very tomboyish
I got this suicidal tendencies cap from
ebay and no no I'm not suicidal it's a
punk slash metal band form of the 80s
you should check them out let me know
what you think and then get me a Pepsi
and I paired this cap with what else a
dress and I just like the way it looks
and also if you stay tuned I'm going to
tell you guys how you can win this
Paisley dress they can rock and twirl
around all summer so congratulations for
another sneaky giveaway and lastly I
wore my Dean juries because they kind of
look like a cracked-out sneaker heel
which I love so here are the rules for
the giveaway it's gonna be on Instagram
so roll one you're going to follow the
editors market rule number two you're
gonna see a picture of me wearing this
dress on my Instagram and you're just
gonna like that no need a comment or
anything just like it and follow the
Instagram of editors market pretty
simple in case you didn't know what my
account was it's I'm genom you can
follow me there if you'd like and I
guess that's it I'll see you guys next
time bye
