hi I'm doing the colors of the rainbow
tag which is something that was floating
around the internet so I thought I would
do it in case you're not familiar with
this this is basically a tag where we
get fashion and beauty items that
correlate to the rainbow so let's do
this I picked out a boring vibrant red
color I know it's really cliche to pick
red lipstick for the category red but
whatever because every time I wear this
in a video people are always commenting
what's on your lips so I'm wearing a
heatwave by NARS for my fashion item I
picked this red and white striped top
from Urban Outfitters and it's kind of
like a candy cane but I like it it's
called the et top which I'm pretty sure
they're referring to
edie sedgwick in an ideal world I would
have went out to the MAC store bought
and morons
what I didn't Illamasqua is thrash comes
really close to kind of a coupe this is
actually a lip liner that came in my
beauty box several months ago and it's
one of my favorites I just draw it into
my lips or a citrus looking lip next
fresh ones might be familiar if you've
seen my April haul but if you haven't
these are brand-new these are my yellow
striped boardwalk ready shorts and I've
yet to prance around in them in a
boardwalk but it's only the beginning of
summer so I haven't lost hope yet for a
beauty item I have Clinique's
dramatically different moisturizing
lotion and I just switched out to this
maybe a month and a half ago
I used to use survey for several years
but I thought I would just add something
new to the table because sometimes
change is good
honestly it was kind of a struggle
finding anything in green in my wardrobe
but luckily this was my only option
thank god this is my lime green floral
top from misguided it's cropped very
fitted and I just really like the
intricate pattern on it and plus I love
the way this looks with white bottoms it
wouldn't be a Close Encounters video if
there aren't a pair of distressed denim
shorts so here they are these are my
blue studded shorts my good friend Troy
actually made these
and I'll link his Etsy shop down below
these shorts are hand ripped dyed and
even put a little my little pony patch
on the button which I thought was cheeky
touch there was a point in my life where
I was wearing this nail polish non-stop
and it's Sally Hansen's Pacific blue
I believe I talked about this in my
April favorites video this is a great
way to splash some blue on your nails
and it's very affordable
I think indigo is kind of difficult to
differentiate from blue but I picked up
this indigo shift dress and this is a
very youthful look because it's so
shapeless and I like this the slight
ruffle it has in the bottom that has a
really flirtatious feel to it I think
I've won this top maybe three times from
the duration that's been in my closet
and all those three times it was for a
formal event this top is just a dynamic
shade of violet really in your face and
it has this delicate beading all around
it which just adds a touch of glamour
I'm obsessed with 3 concept eyes
it's basically style Nanda's cosmetic
line anyway
this is a true purple on your lips and I
like it because you can add a thick coat
for it's just some purple freaking lips
but you can just add one thin layer for
a flush of violet on your lips for pink
I'm picking out the obnoxious neon pink
top and this one is by again and I like
the scylla because it's very space-age
athleticism
whatever that means it's space-age
because of the color and the font but
it's very athletic because of the
silhouette it's got a mock neck I feel
like I should actually wear this for
jogging because that way when I'm
running I'll be in everyone's peripheral
and I won't get run over surprisingly I
have a lot of multi-coloured items in my
closet but I willed it down to one item
which is this tie-dye shirt that has a
bunch of little Heisenberg heads that
create just a really psychedelic tripped
out shirt and it's based off one of my
favorite shows I hate that they divided
it into two sections because now I'm
just left
kind of like an abandoned child I know
that the sec
half of the season four comes out in
August so I guess only have one month
left this is something that I'm gonna
wear one season four finale comes out
it's gonna be awesome
and this one's by Jack Vanek so let's
end the tag I hope you guys enjoyed it I
was actually tagged by s de se button
from YouTube so hi thanks for tagging me
anyway if you have an Instagram my
surname is I'm your name you can follow
me if you would like bye
