hi I'm drug and I'm graduating three
days but as of this moment right now I'm
in finals week and although it doesn't
show minutes ago I was facedown on a
desk like this anyway commencement is
this Saturday and I don't know what to
wear so I've whittled it down into three
options and I would really appreciate
your input on what you think I should
wear obviously I'll be sporting a huge
black cap and gown for the ceremony but
eventually I'm going to slip it all off
and I want to make sure I'm rocking
something that's totally me underneath
so this is my first option and it's the
most casual out of all the dresses
you're about to see I think this outfit
is the perfect way to kick off my
eternal summer vacation because of the
print it's this fresh Daisy floral
pattern and it's actually a romper
disguised as a dress so the wind can
blow as hard as it wants and I
definitely won't be tripping for shoes
I am wearing my white sandal platforms
because I'll need the height since my
gown is stupid long and because they're
extremely comfortable and I know I'm
rocking a really heavy emerald smokey
eye in this video but it's only because
I happen to play around with my a
shadows this morning
option two is a dress that shows off
skin but the way you show skin in a
formal context the skin that's exposed
is covered by this wonderful white sheer
material so it comes off as really
tasteful and I'm loving the Navy floral
embroidery across the chest and there's
a bit of tulle at the bottom so your
Flair isn't quite as flat as it should
be for shoes I decided to wear one of my
most timeless and minimalist heels
because I want all the attention to be
on that gorgeous dress
option three is my princess ship dress
so it's kind of shapeless but I've
always wanted to wear this dress out but
I never got around to it because of the
formal quality it carries and it's got
these gorgeous white eyelets and there
is just a overwhelming amount of tulle
at the bottom I really love it and I
think it's a really good link to wear
when you're with a family and I wore my
sky-high mary-jane platforms with an
ankle strap and that strap is critical
because it makes the heels really easy
to walk in please comment down below and
let me know which dress you think I
should wear and if you're graduating too
I want to give you this congratulations
you did it and just answer some
frequently asked questions I know I'm
going to get I am graduating at UC Davis
with the BA and I majored in
communication the plans after graduating
probably going to move out to either
Oakland or San Francisco the situation
is completely up in the air and I'll
finally be able to commit 100% into my
channel for three years it's been
extremely challenging to juggle my
channel and the pressures of my academic
career I am excited to commit to this
fully and I'm excited to do it because
this is the most satisfying and
gratifying job I've ever done in my
entire life and I want to thank you guys
for supporting it I don't think I'm
going to vlog on my actual graduation
but if you follow me on Instagram and
I'm Jenna you can see photos from the
graduation that I'll probably post on
Saturday and you'll get to see which
dress that I picked out I know I don't
say this enough but I love you all and
I'll see you guys in the next video bye
ready
Oh
