hey guys I'm Dredd and it is June so
that means we're going to recap what I
really enjoyed last month so let's get
into it as you may or may not know I
went to Yosemite last month and I
powered through a 14 mile hike it was
crazy and strenuous but it was doable
because my surroundings were just
breathtaking I think I saw around 6
waterfalls I definitely saw a deer and
just gorgeous rock formations anyway are
these leggings with little metal
ringlets on it and I think that they
create kind of an industrial polka dot
feel which I can really appreciate I
knew leggings would be a good option
because they're lightweight and they
cover up your legs when you're hiking
you don't know what type of environment
you'll be in during you can pass by
rubbery or rocks or droplets of water
tics whatever as for maintenance I
probably wash these three or four times
and the metal has not rested so that's a
great sign
so sunscreen is being reinstalled into
my makeup routine again because it's
getting hot and that sun's getting
intense prior to using this facial
sunscreen I just used regular body
sunscreen all over my face it didn't
bother me until this spring I don't know
why I think I just felt compelled to buy
something specifically for my face and I
went with shadow because it reminds me
of my mom so I thought I'd try it out
and so far I really like it it's shisha
nose urban environment oil free UV
protector and it has an SPF of 42 which
i think is a good number the sunscreen
has a really watery consistency which I
have mixed feelings about on one hand I
like that my skin just drinks it up and
it absorbs really quickly but on the
other hand I feel just odd distributing
it evenly across my face because it's so
watery like I have trouble portioning it
but it gets the job done and I know that
I like it because I haven't been
forgetting it in my routine and there's
something that I'm not really feeling I
tend to forget it and this one I've been
wearing everyday and it doesn't feel
thick
it doesn't feel cakey under my makeup so
my laptop case is actually too big for
my actual laptop and I wanted to find a
sleeve to kind of buffer the movement
from extra room it has I ran across this
one from Etsy I believe the Etsy name is
Russia me and what I love the most about
this is warm color palette and the
southwestern feel he's got an adorable
little tassel with a skull on it which
just kind of melts my heart I love that
it's a really soft felt material and
honestly it's not the thickest thing
it's a good sleeve if you're going to
put in your backpack or a purse that has
a laptop space equipped with in it my
next pick is a song it's called miasma
sky by baths it's from his new album
obsidian and I'm still currently
listening to it and absorbing it and so
far I really like it but this track is
the one that caught my attention first
and he's proved that he knows how to
write you know a melodic and sweet and
fetch a song but thing with William is
that it never gets old and it comes off
as really fresh and new to me every time
I hear it and for a little background
I've been a huge fan of bats for I think
around three years now he used to do a
lot of local shows in LA and Sarah and I
used to go do a lot of them and I think
our last show with him was March 2011 I
remember that day because we were trying
out new makeup looks for a photo shoot
that we were gonna do the next day and
we decided to practice the night of the
show so we had this crazy face paint
like makeup on it remind me of the scene
where Marie Antoinette wears that black
band across her eyes we were too lazy to
wash it off so we went to the concert
like that and it was just a lot of fun I
think baths really brings up some good
memories in my heart and it's awesome to
reconnect to those I've been venturing
out to nail art territory and personally
I'm not ready for the ice cream cones
and the little pink rhinestones and all
that stuff so I thought I'd ease into it
with these little metal studs I got this
packet of 500 on ebay for less than five
dollars so since you have so many of
them it's a good way to just have a nail
party just invite a bunch of your
friends and get your nails did I've been
having a lot of fun mixing and matching
different colors with it
and they're really easy to apply step 1
use a base coat I'm using this one by
Sally Hansen and I don't have any
commitment to this one it's just the
first one I picked up and I'm waiting
for it to run out and then you're gonna
want to get any color I chose Revlon's
buttercup because I wanted the yellow
and the goal to kind of fuse together so
you're just going to apply this on your
nails just add one coat and after that
they're going to go in for round 2 for
this step you're gonna want to take it
finger by finger so you're gonna add
your second coat and then immediately
you're going to need to grab some
tweezers get that little mini stud and
place it to wherever your heart desires
and I chose the bottom middle part of my
nail because I thought it looked cute
there and after you're just going to
want to press the stud in place firmly
with the back of the tweezer but not too
firmly or else I'll shift and move the
stud out of place and just ruin your
nails after you're going to want to use
a topcoat and this one I swear by it's
my favorite top coat because it drives
super fast it's not the shiniest topcoat
but because it dries your nail so fast
it's just a necessity for me and so
you're gonna want to take a topcoat
of your choice and put maybe three or
four coats of it and then you're
finished and that's the look I think
they're a wonderful way to add a little
spark to your fingertips and if you
happen to try this look out please post
on instagram or twitter and hashtag
Close Encounters or hashtag I am genom I
say this specifically because when you
guys tag me at at I'm denim on Instagram
I can never see it because it gets
washed out on my feet so fast so when
it's at a hashtag I can see it
permanently and I can like it and
comment it and it will be another way to
interact with you guys so that wraps up
my favorites please comment down below
if any of these items have said
something to you or if you want to say
something back I think comments from my
favorite sections are my favorite
because we have something in common I
get super excited
it is just a fun way to talk back I hope
you guys have an incredible weekend and
I'll see you guys in the next video bye
