hey it's Jen welcome back to my channel
summer is just around the corner and I'm
going to be showing you guys one of my
favorite shoe essentials which is the
classic strappy heel and you know me I
love a big fat chunky heel but I'm also
really feeling the clean lines that a
strappy heel will give you this is that
infamous minimal sandal from Zara that
you've seen on loads of blogs and for
good reason to their timeless and a
clean way to strut your toes I'd say
they're not the comfiest but if you
watch Claire from hey Claire on YouTube
I know she wears these all the time so
maybe they at comfy would wear and this
outfit is kind of inspired by Claire's
rocker yet refined style the kind of
refined element comes from this plain
black tea and the rocker element comes
from these loose fitted boyfriend jeans
and these come equipped with a bunch of
awesome slashes and little pink drop
legs scattered them around it and I
accessorized with this green stone
necklace from regal rose and then I
decided to put on some silver rings from
misguided since the pants were a little
bit baggy I belted it with this
Cointreau one that I got at the Alameda
flea market and then I added a beanie
onto my head
next shoe is a cheaper alternative for
the Xaro one I'd say they're almost
identical except for these are nude and
they have a patent Sheen and I believe
this shoe comes in black as well and
these are from daily looks and I am
wearing this gorgeous flowy maxi dress
and it's completely decked out in this
very elegant and girly butterfly print
and I think it's a huge feminine
statement piece and especially when it's
rustling through the wind I can't help
but want to wear it at a beach or a
boardwalk or something I don't know I
think it's gonna be really nice to wear
on a summer day
if you're iffy about showcasing your
toes there's always a pointy shoe option
these exude a similar aura of class and
refinement as the previous ones but you
have the ability to cover any Genki
pedicure for my outfit I am wearing a
cobalt blue dress and I think it's great
because the hem has a subtle
asymmetrical hemline and so it's longer
in the back than the front to add a
little bit more of a formal element I
added this gold-plated belt which is
thin and I think it I don't know
makes it look kind of expensive and then
I added this massive block bag that can
store everything and the kitchen sink
and lastly I added a scalped bobby hat
into the mix for a resort like feel
my last shoe makes a nice statement it's
got a thicker heel so it's the comfiest
out of all the shoes that I've showcased
and I like how they add the black and
white together for a nice color-block
effect for this outfit I'm wearing a
crochet cream top that is cropped and
they have these adorable little draw
strings on the chest and they're not
very functional but I like the movement
they add the pants I'm rocking these
mustard trousers they're quite formal if
you pair them with the right button down
and I think they'd make excellent
business casual attire but for this
outfit now I went for a porky I guess
somewhat Parisian look by adding this
beret
I hope you guys enjoy the outfits please
open the downbar to find the item links
that are available in this video and
also checking the down bar for details
for the giveaway that case tell me is
hosting and I picked up my cap and gown
today I'm graduating on June 15th and I
will be officially done with college I'm
probably gonna do like a graduation
outfits video maybe next week if I have
time from not pulling my hair out from
finals then Instagram my username is I'm
genom and other than that I will see you
guys in next video bye
