hi I'm Jen I know summers coming up and
I know a lot of you guys are going out
to music festivals or going traveling
but if you're short on cash and you
still want to have some fun here are
some cheap summer thrills and activities
and outfits inspired by them these
activities remind me of things that I
did when I was growing up and honestly
with a good friend or a group of friends
you could have a memorable summer
wherever you are without breaking the
bank and also there's gonna be a
giveaway at the end if you're short on
cash and want to catch up with a friend
my favorite way to do that is to go to a
local coffee shop and just chat there
plus I love any excuse to get super
caffeinated so even if I'm hanging out
by myself which means if I'm reading or
studying I'm game
coffee rarely costs over five dollars or
six so a cafe is just a really cheap way
to cool off and my favorite drink to
order is just a plain iced coffee just
black no sugar or cream I think you guys
know this by now but just making sure my
outfit is probably the easiest way to
get dolled up and still beat the heat
I'm wearing my purple high-waisted
shorts that scream summer because of
print and since they're quite patterned
I toned it down with just a plain white
cropped capsule for accessories I just
decided to pile on my MIDI ring and I
love it because there is a small
Crescent on it and I am just wearing my
favorite gold rings and I love the way
gold and turquoise look together for my
necklace I'm just wearing this crazy
colorful stone necklace and I'm wearing
my black boots which are unfortunately
still covered in cat hair
in Davis biking is heavily embedded into
the culture so if you have a bike or a
scooter or even some rollerblades go and
take a ride out by yourself or with a
gang of friends because it is such a
liberating feeling to just feel the wind
rush through your hair and most
importantly to let out some steam just
because you're biking doesn't mean you
have to wear something boring and
conservative you can still wear a bold
piece that's functional I'm wearing a
mint romper and I love the fact that
it's pleated because it makes it look
instantly refined and put together the
best part about this romper is the fact
that it's not one it's actually two
pieces so it just gives the illusion of
a romper that's pretty sweet if you ask
me I chose to wear a silver choker
because I wanted to accessorize without
having it get in the way while I'm
biking and for shoes I thought it would
be really nice to wear my cream grandma
ones that I thrifted because they're
nice and super comfy and flat picnics
don't have to be super fancy and
elaborate with basket filled with sliced
up watermelon you can just make some
sandwiches or buy some at your favorite
joint if you don't want to sit on a
bench you can just grab a towel or a
tablecloth and use that to park your
booty and grub I'm wearing my black
floral romper because I thought it would
be just a festive way to greet the
upcoming summer and this romper is quite
fitted and I think that's great because
I can still maintain my figure to
accentuate my waist even more I checked
on this black belt from Goodwill that
you have seen a million times at this
point and plus I think it just pulls the
entire look together for my shoes I'm
wearing my Tripoli black boots from
Jeffrey Campbell and they have a really
Western feel to it then I topped off the
look with my black floppy hat
if coffee isn't your thing you can
always just switch it out for ice cream
and sugar daddies is one of my favorite
ice cream or gelato joints I forget
which one may sell but either way they
have a ton of really interesting and
unique flavors like Nutella and chai tea
coffee honey vanilla and I'm sure you
guys can just read the rest and I think
it's important to step out of your
comfort zone and try some flavors that
break away from your usual go-to ones
something as simple as switching up ice
cream flavor can create some novelty in
your life and I chose avocado coconut
because I like them too separately and I
thought it'd be interesting to try them
together my last outfit is probably the
most casual I'm wearing a cropped
pattern top in this lovely shade of
olive and then for my shorts I chose my
dark ass wash bottoms and then I belted
that with the same goodwill one for
shoes I have on these Brown cutout boots
from Etsy and for the record avocado
coconut tastes absolutely delicious so
here are the rules for the giveaway
we're gonna give away the outfit with
the white camisole and the purple
high-waisted shorts and the rules are
quite simple number one you're gonna
like the editors markets Facebook page
number two you're going to see a post
regarding the giveaway and you're gonna
like and share that and that's it so if
you can't go somewhere crazy you can at
least wear something really cute I hope
you found some of these ideas helpful I
know a lot of them work really obvious
but honestly I think a lot of people get
disillusioned with all the glamour of a
big event sometimes those activities are
a lot more stressful than fun and little
cheap throws like this are what really
make your summer if you have any ideas
for cheap summer thrills for activities
please comment down below I would love
treat about it and I think it would
create a good dialogue for those we're
looking to have a good time without you
know spending everything they have in
their wallet if you have an Instagram my
username is I'm Dan M you can check me
out for just little flashes of me if
you'd like I'll see you guys the next
video bye
