hi everyone I'm Jen
happy Friday I'm in a really good route
because I get a five-day weekend because
Monday is Memorial Day and I thought I
would make a video with my outfits that
I might wear over the long weekend and
perhaps you'll get inspired by them and
I hope you guys like it my first look is
just something edgy and casual to wear
during the weekend maybe a movie and I
like the breezy feel I get from this
flowy blue peasley throw over and I went
for a neutral white long-sleeved crop
top and since it's lace
it adds some texture without competing
with the pattern of the shawl for shorts
I busted out my leather ones with all
these crazy rivets on it
I think the tough material the shorts
and the delicate flow of the cardigan
really work well together for
accessories I wanted to keep things
earthy with the quartz necklace and this
bird skull necklace and I went ahead and
picked out my minimal nude sandals to
draw all attention to my outfit and that
I finished off the look with a nice
peachy lip the next look incorporates my
love of flower crowns and dark dies and
this maxi dress is perfect for those
girls who aren't really feeling those
pastel and light maxi options because
even though this is a dark print the
subtle tie-dye effect makes it look
summery and fun and I was originally
gonna style this with a huge black hat
but I decided against that because it
almost looked to cost me like I
legitimately look like a witch
styling huge statement neon pieces can
be tricky but my tip is just to pair it
with complimentary colors or no colors
at all
I think graphic tees can be a really
easy foundation for pieces that are loud
or have prints on it because they don't
clash instead they just add a neat
dimension to your outfit and for my
skirt I decided to wear a light blue
denim one because yellow and blue look
good together because they're opposites
on the color wheel so that means that
they attract because they're opposites
for shoes I decided to wear my chestnut
ankle boots for just something that was
neutral and I'm just wearing the same
lipstick I was wearing my previous
outfit
this outfit I am channeling a Western
schoolgirl who enjoys listening to a
good record or two I picked up this Pink
Floyd tee at a flea market and it was $5
it wasn't a bin with all these ratty
tees and it's one of my favorite vintage
finds I chose to wear this pleated skirt
because I thought it'd be an interesting
twist to pair something rocker and free
to something that symbolized institution
and structure I slipped on my taupe
ankle boots and then I topped everything
off with my Cointreau hat baja prints
are one of my favorite ones to wear in
the summer because there are so bright
and vibrant it's hard to be in a bad
mood while wearing it and because my top
is so I catching it in your face i toned
it down with my black / skinnies and i
think the black complements the color at
the top and I think the slashes add a
rough element to the entire ensemble and
I just want to apologize about the mass
amounts of cat hair attached to my jeans
and my boots I didn't have time to get
all them furs out for accessories I just
stacked on some minimal gold MIDI rings
and then a punch of red lipstick for
more flavor
this is my last look and there's
something really space-age you about it
and I think it might be due the fact
that I'm wearing white on top and bottom
I wanted to learn something white over
my top so I'm wearing my white moto vest
it's sheer so it's not gonna weigh me
down and for my top I've got this
watercolor print tank and I think this
print is so trippy and dare I say far
out and then for my shorts I'm just
wearing my white pleather ones and
they're so sick because they have a
quilted effect embedded on them and
lastly I finish this look with my black
cat eye frames so far my Memorial Day
plans are just to go to 70 on Sunday for
a 14 mile hike it should be pretty
grueling but I am excited to get my ass
kicked I love to hike in case you didn't
know and please comment down below and
let me know what your Memorial Day plans
are or just what you're doing over the
weekend I like to read a little stuff
like that I like to get to know you guys
a little bit better I'll probably put
pictures of the Yosemite hike on my
Instagram and my sister on is I'm genom
you can follow me if you'd like and I
believe that's it I hope you guys
enjoyed the video and I'll talk to you
guys next time bye
no I'll never do that ever again bye
okay bye
