I'm dren
thanks for tuning in and today's episode
is going to be the $20 outfit challenge
so that means I'm going to take you to
one of my favorite thrift stores in Yolo
County it's called their store outlet
and every time I go there that happens
to be some sort of crazy sale going on
and this time it's 50% off everything so
that means that finding an outfit under
20 bucks is going to be pretty simple
before I reveal the $20 outfit I decided
to slide it a little outfit of the day
for you guys and so I'm wearing a pink
parka from lovers and friends and it's
the perfect summer little jacket and ahs
my top I'm just wearing a crop to lace
one because it goes with everything
add a little bit of punch to my look I
paired it with my gingham shorts from
Uniqlo and for my shoes I thought it
would be a good day to break in my new
black boots from misguided and that's my
outfit
this is my completed $20 outfit I came
really under budget so I'm very excited
about that this turtleneck is a little
bit too warm for the summer but it was
just too much of a classic piece to push
aside so I decided that I would just
keep it as a winter essential or maybe
bring it out during the summer nighttime
and for my skirt
I found this tennis looking one that's
very similar to the ones that are
selling at American girl for around $60
but I got mine for a fraction of the
price and this one is actually from
Reebok and I just kind of shifted the
logo to the back so you can't really see
it and this belt I didn't get it at
their store outlet but I got it at
Goodwill a few years ago so I thought I
would incorporate that and for my shoes
I am wearing these white ones if you saw
the thrifting my mom's style video a few
videos back then these are probably
familiar to you and I'm wearing
ravishing on my lips and that is my look
my entire outfit cost seven dollars and
fifty cents this might as well have been
the $10 challenge
so yeah that was my look if you have an
Instagram my username is I'm Jayden feel
free to check me out and I'll see you
guys in the next video bye
you
