everyone welcome back to my channel this
special episode is dedicated to one of
the most important people in my life my
mom I thought it'd be cool to create a
video just kind of revolving around her
style because she was quite a snappy
dresser back then and she's even styling
today and since I've moved away from
home my mom is probably my number one
fan on my channel my dad's a really
close second but I picked out this
adorable ensemble she wore back in the
90s and I'm gonna try to recreate this
exact outfit by finding items from a
thrift store so let's see how I do so
when you're looking for a specific item
at a thrift store you gotta kind of
fine-tune your eye to just focus on the
color since we're looking for shades of
blue just kind of do like a eagle eye
for shades of blue even if it doesn't
really look like the item just still
pick it out just in case because it
could look completely different on you
the
you
luckily at with your store there's a
medley of floral shirts and so I kind of
hit the jackpot I have this one which
isn't really a floral print but it's got
to seem elements of it I like this one
because it has a nice fit second one
it's not a floral print at all it's more
of like a brocade but it has awkward
colors but the colors right the next top
is another really big floral top but
there's not hints of white in it okay I
think I found my pieces for the Mother's
Day outfit so let's go home and try them
out so here it is the big reveal I think
I came pretty damn close to the original
and I'm still really shocked that I
found all these pieces super easy at a
thrift store outlet and so let's break
it down from the top I think this top is
pretty close even though it's not the
same floral pattern because it's got the
right splashes of blue and white for the
shorts I found this scored from the
children's section and I think it gives
off the same feel for shoes I was
attempting to find these white tennis
shoes but these cream lace-up grandma
shoes were my best bet and that's my
entire look please comment down below
and let me know if you think I did a
good job did I do bad hit the jackpot
that I missed the mark please help me no
I don't think many people realize that
being a mom comes with unexpected twists
and a lifetime of commitment my mom
sacrificed so much for me and my family
from immigrating to a foreign country
where she didn't know the language at
all putting on a brave face even when
she was completely terrified most
importantly loving every fiber of the
members of our family in saying that
she's the sweetest person in the world
is an understatement and this is why
this episode's dedicated to her
this Bart Simpson crop tops is a total
ripoff of the Jeremy Scott collection
but whatever oh I don't know what else
to say that's it okay
