hi everyone I'm Jen and I have not been
wearing that much color lately I feel
good wearing gray like I wore this in
school today
I've been in this phase where I've been
only sticking to blacks whites and grays
and I'm okay with that so I'm gonna
create a video about it so if you're
also in a very colourless mood in your
life this video is gonna be totally
relevant to you
and yeah I did put some pops of color
here and there but for the most part
it's gonna be black and white and if you
stick towards me in the video there's
gonna be a giveaway this first look kind
of reminded me of frosting on a cake so
I titled it let them eat cake for my top
I'm wearing this black crop top that has
this cool embellished white embroidery
all over the edge I thought I'd be
really interesting to have the end of
the shirt seamlessly transition to my
lace bottoms so it kind of gives the
illusion that I'm wearing a romper
and I'm not for shoes I slipped into my
extremely chunky black wedges because I
don't think I'd feel right styling such
a feminine outfit without wearing a
heavy brick looking boot and add a
little bit of color I added my wine hat
this next look is something I definitely
wear to school because it's laid-back
and it has that extra oomph because of
this top this shirt is really oversized
and has this gnarly geometric star
shaped print on it and it's covered in
glitter so it looks really fancy but I
try to make it more casual by wearing
these lot distress skinnies they have
these huge gashes on the knee and I'm
not sure what sparked this liking of
mine but I love it and I think that's
the exact reason why I'm scared to say
what trends I don't like because chances
are I'm gonna wear that trend a few
years later for boots I'm wearing these
western looking ones from Jeffrey
Campbell and to add a little tint of
color I went ahead for my mustard be
this is the outfit that I wore to my
closet sale a few weeks ago and for
those who showed up I want to thank you
all for coming it was lovely meeting you
and putting a face to a few my viewers
anyway this slinky gray dress is
paper-thin and ideal for their steamy
summer days it's got an asymmetrical
hemline I wanted to add a 90s element by
wearing my black chunky buckle boots for
accessories I just piled on some silver
necklaces this one is from a flea market
and this one is from Miss KL it's a cool
bird skull and the last necklace is just
a bunch of geometric shapes and from
PacSun to hide from the UV rays I
plopped on my go-to Black Sun Hat which
is equipped with really quirky pendants
all along the brim I get total festival
vibes from this look and it's probably
due to the fact that I'm wearing a
floral headband this floral crown is
from Urban Outfitters and I think it
just helps feminized the entire look my
shirt is this long sleeve blouse with a
you know nifty cutout on the shoulder
there's only one cutout so it adds kind
of an unexpected flair for shorts I'm
wearing these patterned denim cutoffs
with these distress ends and I belted it
with this old thrifted find it's this
white trusty belt that I always wear
your shoes I thought my black Doc
Martens would just go awesome with the
outfit
formal occasions always just kind of
sneak up behind you so it's really
important to have a little black dress
and stuff for situations like that and
this black dress is cool because there's
just a variety of textures on it it's
quite sheer and it has some stripes on
the top and the skirt is completely
opaque in order to breathe some life
from this outfit I accessorized it with
this fringe gold necklace and for shoes
I just slipped on my go to classic pumps
from Marshalls and to add some color to
my face I slept on a bright pink on my
lips
my last outfit could either be a look
for going out or a costume I kind of
just whipped this outfit on the spot and
I think that cou is cool I like the
whole leather daddy vibe that I have and
I'm wearing a crop moto jacket and
underneath I'm wearing this long-sleeve
houndstooth bodycon dress I've always
been a huge fan of houndstooth so
wearing a dress completely in that print
just makes me very very happy for
accessories I thought I'd play around
with this brimmed hat and lastly for
shoes I decided on lies for Rays the
lucite he'll just brings these heels to
a completely different level than one of
my favorite shoes congratulations you
get to hear the giveaway rules we're
giving away this black crop top it's
embellished and it's really cute it's
one of my favorite pieces by runway
bandits and this is how you can win it
number one you're going to be a
subscriber to this channel which is
Close Encounters number two you're gonna
like runway band it's Facebook page and
if you don't have facebook remember you
can always just create one for the sole
purpose of the giveaway you don't have
to put your real name you don't even
have to add a picture or adding your
real friends it'd just be for the
giveaways that way you maintain your
privacy and you can you can participate
in this giveaway number three you're
gonna see a picture of me wearing that
crop top and you're going to like and
share that photo and the last step is to
comment on it and say I heart rubbery
bandits and Close Encounters to indicate
that you have entered the giveaway and
those are the rules please check the
description box for additional details
and the links to the items that I've
featured in this video a given Instagram
my user name is I'm genom feel free to
follow me if you'd like and I think
that's it I'll see you guys next video
bye
