hi everyone I'm Jen
a few videos ago I expressed you guys
one of my landmarks in life and just in
case you didn't watch that video it's
all good I'll fill you in the scoop
basically I curated a spring collection
to one of my go-to online stores which
is shop wasteland calm and I was kind of
floored when they asked to collab with
me because I've been a loyal fan to them
since I was 15 years old even before I
was an online shop they have this giant
red building on Melrose and I have a lot
of memories going to that store copying
some rad vintage tees and awesome finds
I want to share with you guys a few more
pieces from my collection as well as the
opportunity for one of you guys to win a
$2.00 gift card to wasteland the first
item is this cream romper and looks like
a dress but it's in fact a romper and it
makes it really easy to wear on windy
days because your crotch kind of secures
it so you definitely won't be pulling a
Maryland there's cutouts on the arms to
give it more of an ethereal feel and
it's perfect to wear with really uber
feminine pieces like a flower crown and
I just think it's hard not to feel like
a fairy princess in this I'm holding
this crop tank and it's got a blue
psychedelic tie-dye pattern if you
couldn't talk really into cool tones
right now especially blues so it kind of
just makes sense why I would pick this
and it's just really fun to wear was
just really classic black bottoms and
just a fun way to kind of interact with
the spring weather I've seriously been
on a hunt for just blue tinted glasses
blue or red but anyway blue works for me
I think these glasses have a really
aquatic steampunk look it's aquatic cuz
they're blue and steampunk because
they've got this metal bridge and the
the lenses are quite round and these are
really opaque so like I said you can be
a creep in these and just kind of watch
people and no one would ever know like I
bet you guys can't tell which way I'm
looking right now I'm looking left my
next item is a striped tank and I think
I just love silhouettes like this you
know cropped high neckline Ivy is just
really flattering with girls with a
smaller bust and stripes clearly
timeless
this is something that I can wear
year-round and probably next year - I
just think it's a perfect spring and
summer essential to anyone's closet I
have a love affair with denim jackets
and if bleach is in the equation then
good god I am completely sold my last
item is this bleach spiked oversized
denim jacket I think this piece is
actually one size fits all because this
is got a lot of leeway for different
body types and if you're on the smaller
side it'll kind of fit you oversized to
kind of like that boyfriend fit but if
you're a little bit on the curvier side
this will fit really nicely on you so
everyone wins with this jacket so I bet
a lot of you guys excuse to know how he
can win that turner dollar gift card
please go to shop waste on entry com to
enter your email address if you have an
Instagram my username is I'm Jordan you
can follow me if you'd like okay so I'll
see you guys in the next one bye
