hi guys I'm John I'm kind of frazzled
right now because I'm in-between classes
and for some bizarre reason I thought
this would be the perfect time to film
this this video is about school outfits
for spring informal and formal mostly
informal but I threw in a little bit of
formulas for you guys for it you know
those who kind of want to get dressed up
for school and they're very simple and
basic outfits in my opinion but yeah I
thought I would share it with you guys
hey so this is my first outfit and it's
quite casual and very laid-back and kind
of sporty because of this baseball tee
this one used to be long-sleeved but I
just hacked off the sleeves and tied it
into a knot for a loose crop silhouette
and since classrooms can be kind of
chilly because they're always blasting
that AC I just chucked on this Navy
cable knit cardigan
that's oversized and got these awesome
lapels and for bottoms I decided to wear
these dip dyed denim shorts because I
love the DIY feel of them for shoes I'm
wearing my Doc Martens and I wanted to
thank you guys for giving me all these
tips to break them in so hopefully
they're comfy by the end of the month
this next look is dedicated for those
who kind of want to spruce things up for
school you know those days where you
kind of want to put a little bit more
effort and the easiest way to spruce it
up an outfit is to opt for some
statement pants in my case I chose these
neon skinnies and I belted it with my
white belt but I flipped it at Goodwill
to kind of you know segment the outfit
and overall I just love the fresh and
vibrancy of these pants because there's
such an intense color I paired it with
this gray cable knit mock turtleneck and
for shoes I strapped into these really
comfy white platforms that have this
velcro strap so it makes it really easy
to get in and out of and on my lips I
just went for a bright coral
here's another casual look for you guys
because let's be real I think we all
have more casual looks at school more so
than formal because you can't look like
a rock star every day anyway I'm wearing
this 90s top or the print looks way 90s
that reminds me of Saved by the Bell
because of this awesome print I think
it's something Slater with totally rock
and I decided to wear some light denim
skinnies because it kind of gives more
of a rugged look and it just makes
everything will look more casual and I
can't finish off a look without shoes so
I'm wearing these black platform sandals
that are quite comfy to stomp around in
if I was presenting from the class or I
was doing an announcement this is
something I would definitely wear
because it's something that's kind of
androgynous especially because of the
pale color scheme and the masculine
pieces such as the scream blazer and
this vertically striped button-down
despite the Sheerness I think the print
is very masculine and I'm wearing this
black denim skinnies that are very
neutral and I think this up it's still
very me because of the shoes they're
interesting and unexpected because of
the oil slick coating around them I
think it adds a bit of funk to this
professional look we've come to the last
outfit and I'm ending it with a very
casual one this is something I would
probably wear I don't know in a rush or
something and I'm wearing this lace top
because one they've invaded in my closet
and two they act as really awesome
pieces to mix and match really loud
patterns with like this diamond printed
cardigan that I thrifted
this is probably one of my favorite
thrift it finds because it actually fits
really well which is a problem with most
secondhand clothing anyway board bottoms
I'm wearing these faded blue skinnies
that have these distressed patches and
these slits at the foot so you can
really show off your shoes and and I
couldn't have a school style lookbook
without my creepers they're honestly a
school staple of mine because they're
really comfy and they add some height
so I hope you guys enjoyed the video
comment down below and let me know what
your favorite outfit was or just let me
know what's going on in your life I
would love to read about it and I'm
trying to interact with you guys more by
commenting anyway please check down the
description box for the links to the
items in this video or are the ones that
are available and also have another
announcement I am in the new make up to
break ups episode on the platform so
please check it out I'll put an
annotation here so you just click on
this video right here and it should
direct due to the makeup to break ups
episode but if it's not working for some
weird reason I'll put a link in the in
the description box so please check it
out I know love you guys have been
requesting a draw my life video but
realistically I don't think I'm gonna
film that till the summer because time
is very precious to my route right now
and I hear it's definitely a time
commitment to make and time is something
I don't have right now because I'm a
senior and I'm working on my last corner
and I just want to finish my college
education very strongly but I promise
you guys that I am gonna do a something
that's personally related to me not
about fashion probably within next month
in May so I'm gonna be the 50 facts
about me tag so yeah thank you so much
for watching and I'll see you guys next
time bye
