hey what's up I'm Jen today is
definitely a landmark of mine I am proud
to announce that I have curated my own
collection at one of my all-time
favorite stores wasteland and by curated
I don't mean that I designed the clothes
at all I just got to pick out all my
favorite items from the store and
they've compiled it all into one nice
cohesive list so it's kind of like my
virtual dream closet and you guys can
take a look at it and see what you guys
like and in this video I'll be styling
three of the pieces that are part of my
collection all right so let's jump into
the first piece I'm wearing this light
pink floral crop top that ruffles all
over the chest it's a really delicate
feminine piece so I decided to just
really roughing it up by adding some
western elements into it like these
acid-washed denim shorts that I got
secondhand I also incorporated this
really sick concho belt that I got the
Alameda flea market a few months ago I
love the look of silver charms just
kinda all spaced out on the belt and it
really matches my univ concho hat and I
just really didn't get tired the entire
look together and lastly I'm wearing my
new heeled Doc Martens that I'm
desperately trying to break in
they're so stiff and I'm wondering if
anyone else has that same problem with
their dogs will you let me know
next up I've got a spring and summertime
essential which are some fly-ass shades
I love that these sunglasses have a
really dark tint because you can be
creepy and stare at people on the street
without them knowing pleather has a very
exclusive and special spot in my heart
even though it's more of a fall and
winter texture still gonna bust these
babies out during the hot lines probably
at nighttime cuz they're just they're
just too cute to just collect dust in my
closet and since they're quite loud I
decided to pair something very simple
and clean like this off-the-shoulder
fitted striped crop top and then I kept
the minimal theme with these white peope
tow platforms which are very very comfy
and I went with a really smoky eye and a
nice lip for the entire look be sure to
check in the downbar for the link for
the wasteland pieces so you can go check
it out I wanted to thank wasteland for
giving me this amazing opportunity and
collaborating with them and I want to
thank you guys for giving me all the
support showering with love sticking up
for me and just being an amazing
audience to interact with it means the
entire world to me and also I have
another announcement if you live in
Northern California I'm having another
closet sale and I'm having another
closet sale that Davis flea market on
April 28th it's gonna be from 11 a.m. to
around 3 p.m. I'll put an RSVP link in
the description box so you'll see all
the info and details there please drop
by hang out shop you know chill with me
meet some other your peers if you live
in Davis then maybe you can find some
friends there because it's gonna be a
great congregation of people who at
least have the same fashion interests as
you right if you have an Instagram my
username is I'm Dunham you can follow me
if you haven't already but if you don't
want to follow me that's totally cool
just sometimes I still get questions
like what's your instagrams so this is
for all you guys okay so I'll talk to
you guys in the next video bye
