hey you it's me Jen
I went drifting over the weekend and so
I thought I would do a quick haul and
styling over my pieces so here is my
first look
if this top looks similar to it's
probably because you follow me on
instagram and took note of it when I
posted it so thank you for noticing
and I like this carding because of the
interlining and has dots on it so it
makes it reversible which is quite neat
and since it's such an oversized fit I
went ahead and just rolled up my sleeves
for more of a fitted look and for my top
I'm wearing this white mesh sweater
because I thought the holes on the top
coordinated really magically with the
dots on the cardigan and moving on to
bottoms I paired to look with these
leather shorts in this fresh gym short
silhouette for my shoes I had to show
some love to my tardies since I hadn't
worn them in freaking forever and I
thought I'd add a nice color to my look
and for accessories I'm wearing this
really sporty cap on my head I thought
it would really match well with the
casual gym shorts and at the graphic
with bringing the eyes up near my head
you
I've drifted this tan top that is a
complete wardrobe basic the fit is
amazing and since the blouse is kind of
formal I thought it'd be really perfect
to roughen it up with some distressed
black denim originally these jeans had
always small holes on the knees but I
just went ahead and aggravated them with
some scissors and my fingers for shoes I
wanted to keep things very minimal and
went with a very classic mary-jane pump
I wore this you know gold snake choker
on my neck and on my head I plopped on
this wine hat to add some color to my
outfit this is another basic that I
thrifted at Goodwill because stripes are
timeless and never get old
I wanted to bring in some summer vibes
to my look so I'm wearing these uber
short shorts and I belted them with this
very bulky black belt from Goodwill and
since the shorts are pretty teeny-tiny I
threw on this really long trench coat
that has contrasting sleeves and the
length of the coat balances out how
revealing the shorts are and for shoes I
just went for my nude Gerdes
there are literally tons of maxi skirts
at their stores but I couldn't pass this
one up because it fits really well and
because it has pockets
I swear our pockets are the way to my
heart because if they're big enough you
can go without a purse which is always a
plus in my book I finished off the 90s
vibes with some chunky brown boots and a
slouchy beanie one of the major problems
with their thing is finding a tuff that
actually fits you and since the top is
freakin huge I just tucked all the
fabric and to my skirt and since my
skirt has a a line cut and has somewhat
of a thicker fabric it just hides all at
bulkiness and streamlines our outfit
into just a really flattering and fun
one and since this outfit was quite
feminine I went ahead for these girly
tan sandal heels with a nice sturdy heel
and lastly for a hat I went for this
faux equestrian hat from Urban
Outfitters
sometimes things are so freaking ugly
and tacky that I can't help but be
really fascinated and in love with them
and I just think that this flame
holographic top just takes the cake I
literally laughed when I saw this on the
hanger and I had to get it and to make
it an actual outfit I put on this black
shaggy vest for some texture and to make
them look a little bit more modern I put
on these acid-washed distressed cut
denim shorts woo has a lot to say and I
for the final touches on my outfit I
wore these neon green shoes for a splash
of color and I just threw up my hair in
a high ponytail so I can maximize the
hilarious print on my shirt
