hi guys I'm Jen today we're doing
February favorites
so it just could be a compilation of the
greatest hits of last month
first item I'll be talking about is this
Burberry lipstick it is called copper
number 202 and it's the lip mist edition
and I absolutely love the small
packaging of this because I could just
throw it in my backpack or my travel
makeup bag and easily find it and it's
really fussed free because it's really
hard to mess up the application of this
because it's such a nude color so you
can kind of be really messy with it and
no one would be able to tell difference
I would say that it's the whole my lip
color but better shade and it just gives
the illusion that you're wearing a sheer
gloss but without the sticky ooze eeee
consistency that most lip glosses have I
have Revlon's buttercup it is this
really pale yellow shade it's kind of
like a pastel and I've been wearing on
my nails literally the entire month
usually want to reapply nail colors I
like to start with a brand new fresh
color but for some reason I've been
really digging this I think it's because
it's you know just a very neutral shade
that is really unoffensive to any outfit
that I put it doesn't clash it just
really blends really well I love the
really clean and put together look that
the this varnish has on my nails
moving on to shoes I've been wearing
these really crazy thick chunky black
boots from case tell me I'm loving the
buckle because it allows me to kind of
adjust how much I want it to constrain
my feet and these are just the perfect
shoes to stomp around all over a campus
in and they are extremely easy to slip
in and out of I don't even have to
unbuckle the belt I just can literally
just slip these on and I'll be on my way
I love how it adds a bit of height
because of the really chunky platform
and I really like how it contrasts with
really feminine light knits for the
spring I think just ending your outfit
with a badass shoe just makes your
outfit look really tough you're from the
United States the sizing is a little bit
different from ours so look at the size
chart and you'll see what size
accommodates to yours the next is this
shirt that I'm wearing it's from Koshka
and I just love the whole mystic
esoteric graphic on it I love that
there's metallic hints on the whole moon
phase graphic because it just adds a
nice Sheen and a little bit of formal
anise to it if that makes sense
this shirt is really hard to get out in
because it's so freakin soft I've been
sleeping in it and going out and it kind
of gross but it just makes for perfect
loungewear because it's the perfect
shirt to sleep in usually I'm just
chilling out in the house with the shirt
on with my flannel PJs and so my
camerawoman slash housemate slash homie
let me wear her gloomy bear slippers to
demonstrate what I would look like at
home wearing this shirt as loungewear
but if I need a rush out of the house I
can still wear this shirt and just throw
in some leather pants and a fuzzy
cardiod and I'm out the door and I can
look still put together and no one would
ever know that I've was wearing this
shirt for five days straight for my
music favorite I have my bloody
Valentines latest album it's called MTV
it's been almost 22 years since they
release album and this was well worth
the wait this is the only thing in my
iPhone because my iPhone only has around
8 gigs of memory so like with all my
apps photos videos and everything I'm
only allowed to have one album on my
phone so I took all my music out and
just stuffed this element and it's the
only thing I've been listening to for
this month this album and podcasts I
looked up on the internet and it said
that this genre was called shoegaze I'm
absolutely terrible with classifying
music to specific genres because I find
that with most musical artists and kind
of bleed out into a sphere of just a
bunch of different categories but they
said it was shoegaze so I'm going to
give you guys this label probably my
favorite songs are new you is this and
if I am it's the perfect head noise when
you're just pondering throughout the day
I find that this album just really takes
me to another planet a planet where
there's lots of distortion and you know
androgynous voices if you checked out
any of my favorites or if any of them
spoke out to you please comment down
below I
let me know if you have a specific
favorite that you want to share with me
please write down I would love to read
about it if you check in description box
you'll see available links to the things
that I talked about in this video if you
have an Instagram my username is I'm
genin you can follow me for sneak peeks
of I don't know future videos an out of
the days and just random stuff that's
going on so that's it I'll see you guys
next video bye
