hi what's up I'm Jen today's episode is
gonna be about turtlenecks because I
freaking love turtlenecks that I thought
it'd be fun to style them and Plus these
tronex are cropped super lightweight and
perfect for the spring that's about to
come so here are some ways that I style
the cropped turtleneck alright for the
first look we're starting out with this
statement Cape but underneath that butte
i've got on this black and white striped
turtleneck it's an extra small because
i've been really liking that really slim
and tailored look and I just think it's
got a really timeless appeal over that
I've draped this tan cape I love how
it's double-breasted so it's got a
really European feel to it it's made out
of this really heavy durable wool fabric
so it really keeps me warm on those
breezy days for bottoms I'm wearing
these really cozy blue or skinny pants
that really transitions super well with
my freitas I swear I feel like I'm
wearing missiles on my feet when I'm
wearing them but I love every second of
it
for my lip color I decided on my go-to
pale pink neutral shade creme Cup
houndstooth is a funky pattern for
spring I find that wearing a neutral
color like this black sleeveless crop
top from American Apparel
really just highlights and showcases
this really awesome tatius print and I
think that houndstooth is a really fun
way to dress up for evening wear there's
something really classic and timeless
about this print I thought I would wear
my leather black skirt because I wanted
to add a bit of edge to it and it's got
these amazing laser-cut detailing all
around the trim for my shoes I'm wearing
these ankle strap pumps and I finished
off the look with a peachy pink shade
and these gold triangle earrings from
forever 21
I sensed a really nautical vibe from the
south because of this stripe turtleneck
this one is from eBay so I kind of
consider that the equivalent of
thirsting but online DIF ting accounts
right anyway I love pairing stripes with
me because it adds such a seaside color
palette for a jacket I went for my
drapey trench crop jacket from B Dakota
and the material feels like a faux suede
but it's really lightweight perfect for
spring and I added this gold belt from
Goodwill that adds character to my
favorite indigo skinnies from H&M you've
probably seen this a million times in my
videos I slipped into my chunky wedge
suede heels because I felt like adding
some height to my body and you probably
seen this in my last haul and for my
lips I decided for a sheer pinky lip and
I wrapped my hair into these messy
milkmaid braids it's not that totally
reminds me of fall and it's probably
because of the color scheme of it and
this turtleneck is one of my favorites
because a squash and because it's a cool
tone I wanted to pair it with this gray
coat it's made of this really bizarre
fuzzy almost hair like material but for
some reason I'm really drawn to it I
don't know why and adds a lot of weight
to the jacket so it made it the perfect
winter coat I paired it with this
oxblood leather skirt and it's got these
awesome zipper details that give it a
really rocker chick feel and these shoes
are the toned down versions of my hell
guys I love the contrast of the white
laces because as a sneaker like effect
to it and lastly I decided on a vampy
lip because sometimes you just feel like
wearing a dark gloom
so we've come through last and final
outfit this one has got me all primed up
and ready for the summer I'm wearing the
white version of the American Apparel
cropped turtleneck honestly if I could
get these in every color I would I
thought it would look amazing with these
overalls or dungarees they've got this
amazing brocade print that are made out
of this very thin and breezy material so
I can totally see this being one of my
summer statement looks I went for a
neutral wedge and for accessories I
grabbed these silver bands and separated
them on my fingers and then I went for
ravishing by Mac please comment down
below and let me know how you style your
own personal turtleneck or if there's a
turtleneck that's on your wish list or
something I would love to read about it
feel free to open the down bar to find
the available links of the items
featured in this video autumn Instagram
you can expect out for the day's little
sneak peeks of videos and just random
stuff that I'm doing I think that's it I
will talk to you guys the next video and
take care bye
