hi everyone I'm Jen it's been forever I
know I feel like I haven't seen you guys
in the longest time but I'm back now and
today we're gonna be talking about
creepers because they're pretty much one
of my favorite shoes first off I'm going
to knock out some frequently asked
questions about them these are the
creepers that I wear the brand is called
tuk or tuk and put the precise link on
where I purchase them in description box
so check that out if you're interested
if you go to the link you'll see the
precise measurements of the soul high
and the material the shoe and everything
you want to know about it are they true
to size yes I am an exact size six and
these fit me absolutely perfectly
although I think because I've worn them
so much they stretch out of it because
they're leather that's okay because I
just tightened up the laces and I'm all
good are they comfortable yes they are
extremely comfortable on average I walk
a mile a day a mile or two because I'm
walking all over campus
now that we've knocked down the basic
questions I will show you guys how I
styled them hope you guys enjoy
speckled knits are one of my all-time
favorite casual prints and I'm wearing
my speckled cardigan dissected at
Goodwill and it's such a heavy cardigan
that I still wear it by itself because
it's still pretty chilly in NorCal and
the material helps insulate a lot of
heat and for my shirt I'm wearing this
graphic team from Belleville brawl and I
love how the brown emphasize the female
sign on the shirt it's a really subtle
way to stay girl power in your wardrobe
and for my bottoms I just went for my
puller pants baby I believe my pants are
coated with this material but regardless
I love the look of leather sheen and I
find that it ties in really seamlessly
with my creepers I just feel like a
really biker chick when I'm wearing my
creepers and I pull their pants together
and lastly I just went for a beautiful
pinky peach lip and finish off with a
turban
Galaxy prints are still cool in my book
but I translated the print into that
awkward spring I guess winter transition
by wearing it under a black sweater that
way it only shows a peep and overall I
love this top because the galaxy print
is in a very demure and subdued shade of
tan green and pink I guess and I chose
to wear a skirt because I wanted an easy
breezy look and it just opposed that
feminine side with my super tough and
aggressive look of my creepers I think
they just tie my entire look together
whenever I wear a white leather I feel
like I'm channeling my inner Cassandra
from Wayne's world she was such a babe
in that film anyway on top I just wanted
to wear all wipe so while my outer wear
is just a very heavy and thick leather
material underneath I balanced it out
with this ultra soft sheer top with
these beautiful ethereal cutouts on the
sleeves this top is for BB Dakota and
it's gonna be perfect to wear for the
summer on its own and for accessories I
pulled out my mirror laser cut eye
necklace because I think the silhouette
is quite edgy and for my bottoms I
slipped on to my ass wash skinnies
because I thought I'd just go all out
and really feel my 80s side I just think
it's really fun to explore different
sides of your style and it keeps things
interesting
this last look is all layered up and
super casual for outerwear I just threw
on my lapel moto jacket I love how it's
cropped because that way when I layer a
garment underneath and allow that layer
to really highlight and shine and I
chose this funnel because a close friend
lent it to me and doesn't fit him
anymore and underneath I'm wearing this
skeleton top that's doing a rock on sign
and it's such a soft material that
sometimes I just sleep on it like it's
my PJs and for my pants I pulled in my
all-time favorite denim pair of skinnies
they practically feel like skin because
I've washed them so many times I just
love the feel of them and I just went
for my creepers because this episode is
about creepers and on my lips I decided
on a very simple nude lip and I finished
off the look with the beanie from eBay
so please comment down below and let me
know which ones review outfit or if you
have a pair of creepers let me know
which color and style you have I would
love to know I am a complete creeper
fanatic and if you are too I would love
to know if you have an Instagram my
username is I'm sure name please follow
me if you'd like you can see some outfit
of the days I guess and other things in
my life god I'm sorry I feel me outside
because it's completely dark in my room
but the Canadian Geese are having I
don't know an orgy out there but I hope
that doesn't bother you well see you
guys the next video and I will talk to
you guys very soon bye
