hi guys it's Jen boy am I excited to see
you guys today is the day I show you
guys how I curl my hair this has been a
very highly requested video so I thought
I would show you guys although it's a
super simple procedure let's start off
with your bed hair this is how I sleep
with it I sleep with it in a bun and I'm
currently in the process of growing out
my bangs this is the progress I've made
since October it's super annoying
growing them out anyway you're going to
let your hair of that bun and just
release the Beast and run your fingers
through your hair because it's been
cooped up in that position for so long
then you're going to grab your brush and
you're going to start from the bottom of
your hair and then gradually work your
way to the top of your hair because
apparently that's supposed to prevent
breakage the tip that I learned from
YouTube after you brush that you're
going to grab your heat protectant I'm
using this one by Tresemme spritz that
everywhere because it's going to
minimize the damage we're about to blast
it with then grab your brush and just
distribute the product evenly and don't
forget to brush the crown of your head
because we're going to fry that to there
after you're finished with the brushing
we're going to start with the curling
I'm using this curling iron by Conair it
says you curl on it if that gives you
any indicator what I used set that to
360 Fahrenheit and we're going to get
started grab a one-inch section of your
hair and wrap that sucker around that
wand and hold it for exactly seven
seconds not exactly seven but something
around that after you have this really
cute juicy curl and then you're going to
repeat this process all around your head
just a tip when you're curling make sure
you curl in opposite directions with
each section because when you do that
you won't just get a giant uniform curl
you get something with dimension and
interest within your hair and now we've
got three little curls they're so cute
just continue this all around your head
okay we're down to our last two sections
you're going to get the first section
we're go to we'll call it number one and
curl it toward your face because I just
found that looks better this way let it
go and bam curl then grab that last
piece and curl it the opposite way and
hold that can let it go and you're done
you're finished wait
hairspray I'm using this one by Pantene
it's the one the green bottle the anti
humidity one it's alright you're going
to spray that one all over your hair
because you want to hold that curl and
this is the end look thanks so much for
watching guys I hope you guys found this
helpful
or at least interesting my Instagram is
I'm genom follow me if you'd like and
I'll see you guys the next one bye
