Hey
hi guys I'm dreading today we'll be
exploring the wonderful world of
business attire let's start off with the
absolute bare bones of business clothing
you're going to need a plain blazer I
chose black you're going to need a
classic button-up preferably in hues or
very demure colors a pencil skirt
although the one I'm wearing here is a
little bit too short turns out this is
the longest pencil skirt in my closet so
I'm probably going to change that next
some dark hose to cover up them legs and
lastly a classic pump all you need are
variations of this and you're good to go
but this video isn't going to delve into
that we're going to be talking about
business casual outfits or workplaces
that give you a little bit more
flexibility with what you can wear but
still something professional with that
said let's get into the outfit my first
look is for a start up aka a small
company company dress codes vary within
different businesses but this look is
more on the formal side on the top I
have this classic black blazer I wrote
the sleeves and I'm digging the slim fit
if full price items are every price
range it's all good that's why I have
the thrift adoption
luckily almost every good rule has an
entire section dedicated different
Blazers and almost all of them are under
10 bucks just make sure you find ways
that fits you well I'm wearing this
white button-down that has a big black
block on the back and I tucked in the
front portion of it because I just like
the way that looks if your dress goes a
little bit more strict just tuck the
entire thing in for bottoms I went with
these tartan print skinnies I think
plaid can totally be a professional
print after a lot of school uniforms are
plaid
oh my god
Jen's wearing flats that's right I went
with a shoe that's a little bit more
quiet and still had aspects of myself in
it that's why I chose these black cutout
Oxford's I love the pointed toe and I
went with a light flush of pink on my
lips
just because you're at work doesn't mean
you have to censor your personal style
you can gently add trends that you love
into your work attire for example I love
contrasting sleeves so I'm wearing this
white blazer with black sleeves I find
that it's easier to play around with
trends that express yourself through
hues like black and white underneath I
decided to pair it with this very simple
white top with a boat neckline and for a
lot of our jewelry I went with this
chain necklace I personally think
mustard is acceptable for work because
it's on the cusp between khaki and brown
which are both colors that are
acceptable for business attire for my
shoes I just went with my tardy lows
because they're comfy and adds in height
this next outfit is probably the most
business casual outfit of them all my
mom works at a company where you're
allowed to wear sweaters as long as
they're clean-cut and refined so this
outfit goes out to my mother
hyoma I'm wearing this black and white
block sweater that's in this textured
material it's kind of like terry cloth
and for my bottoms I've over these very
quintessential work pants from H&M and
for my shoes these may look like regular
patent Oxford's but look closer they're
actually officers with a oil slick
coating on them you're so sick in case
you need a bag for work I'd carry this
brown and black buckled back you can
wear it as a purse or you can sling it
through your arms and wear as a backpack
Easterbrook as a hostess and a sushi bar
several years ago and the only dress
code was to wear all black the material
didn't matter but to make wearing all
black a little bit more interesting is
to mix and match different textures and
materials so let's start off from the
top I'm wearing this black velvet crop
top that I got a goodwill few years ago
and over that I threw on this crochet
cardigan that's also thrifted I just
love the holey loose effect that the
crochet knit does I even roll up the
sleeves because it's kind of oversized
and for pants I won't put the flash with
my disco pants with all these different
textures you won't even notice that
you're wearing all black and for shoes I
slipped on these thick buckled shoes
with these non-slip soles so when you're
working on wet surfaces you won't fall
over but wait let's say those disco
pants are a little bit too flashy for
your taste
you can always go back to those work
pants that I wore in the previous outfit
plus these pants make a great foundation
for other professional tops like this
pinstripe button-down that I also throw
for good well anyway let's get back to
the outfits this last outfit I would
envision a matte girl wearing or even a
receptionist at a hair salon it's the
same all black rule but we're playing
with silhouettes I'm wearing this uber
flattering black dress it's just a
wonderful cut because the fabric hugs at
your waist and then Fleur
up to these gorgeous loose pleats and
for my shoes I decided to wear these
lace-up boots for Urban Outfitters
there we go that's all the looks and be
sure to check the down bar for the links
of the available items that you've seen
this video plus case tell me is having a
giveaway so check in the description box
to see how you can ship your lap thanks
so much for watching guys and I'll see
you my next one why
