hey it's Jen I'm back for a DIY it's
great to show your partner some love on
Valentine's Day why not spread that love
on over to your partners in crime for
galentine's day in this video I'll be
showing you a DIY gift box filled with
essentials for your girlfriends and best
of all you won't break the bank because
the Dollar Tree exists which is amazing
so let's get started with packaging I
got these Chinese takeout boxes three
for one dollar
that's insanely cheap and if you want to
get a little more fancy you can get
these individual gift boxes for one
dollar each next step personalise the
box I chose to write the recipients name
on it but you can write whatever you
want like a cute little nickname you
guys have or an inside-joke
next we're gonna move on to stuffing and
presentation I chose this red confetti
because I wanted to be really festive
for Valentine's Day so grab a handful
and stuff that baby in I even stuffed my
cute little pink fancy box for extra
demonstration moving on to what we're
gonna put inside the box I choose to put
these yummy little chocolates they're
also from the Dollar Tree but hey I
tested them and they're just as
delicious as the full price blends they
even have this double crisp one which
tastes like a really cheap crunch bar
next I put some gum in because the worst
thing is when you're scared that your
breath is chicken it's the worst failure
so I decided to pop some packs in
because you can't get enough next I edit
some nail polish these were a dollar
eighty at from 21 I don't know I put it
in I just have this weird thing with
nail polish so I thought maybe my girls
would appreciate it I decided to put in
some socks because I'm constantly losing
pairs I'm pretty sure a lot of people
have the same problem and then I rolled
up the sock into one little roll I got
some string from the Dollar Tree and I
grabbed one single strand and I tied and
fastened this off into a cute little
bundle if you're too lazy to rewind I
will show you again grab one string then
you're gonna double knot the sock and
then it's this cute little present I
suppose then you're gonna stuff all your
materials into the takeout box but wait
you aren't done yet add some
thing that you handmade because it just
really puts the cherry on top I chose
this friendship place that I made after
you're gonna just want to fasten
everything together
grab a very very long piece of string or
ribbon and then you're gonna put your
takeout box upside down cross the two
ends of the string then you're gonna
fasten that and then you're gonna flip
on over the box and finish it all off
with a bow but wait you're still not
done yet if you want to go an extra mile
I grab some fake flowers from the Dollar
Tree you snip one Rose off and you're
gonna plop that in right between the
ribbon if you aren't dating the fake
flowers you can always go edible they're
selling this milk chocolate rose at the
Dollar Tree so you can just cut that and
add that to the center and this is your
end result you just have these really
cute galentine's day gift boxes you can
show that you appreciate your friends
any day of the week but why not this
Thursday and this is Steph this is one
of my closest friends in NorCal and she
has a tutorial on how to create these
really cute felt magnets that are
perfect for Allen tines day and I'll put
that link in description box so thank
you so much for watching and I'll see
you guys next one
