hi guys I'm Jen today we're doing
January favorites I know a wee bit late
on filming this but hey better late than
never right so let's get on some items
number one holographic nails I have this
silver holographic pattern from Urban
Outfitters the name is called silver
holo and I never wear this by itself
because I find that it makes my fingers
look really dull and just creepy I'd
make sure to put a light base over it
I'll either go with just a classic all
white nail polish or I'll put a lighter
seafoam color in it this is sd's up
absolutely sure and it's one of my
favourite nail polishes my friend Karen
got this for me for my birthday
so thanks Kerry for watching when I lay
her absolutely sure and silver holo
together it creates this really awesome
celestial cdrom type of effect on my
nails
I think the holographic turn reminds me
of a whole millennium interpretation of
what they thought people of the future
would wear so they're all wearing chrome
holographic things I think right now
it's kind of a satire on that and it's
hilarious and I think it looks really
sick genuinely I have a lip favorite it
is max sunny soul and I'm gonna be
honest with you i partly bought it
because of the name it's just it's cute
it looks very fluorescent on the tube
but it actually transfers very naturally
I definitely think it's an everyday
color and it's something that I just
gravitate especially when I'm in a rush
for school I don't want look like a dead
zombie with no lips I'll go for sunny
Seoul because I just think it just adds
more energy to my face I've been loving
crystal stone necklaces the first one is
a quartz necklace that I got from a pet
store in my town and although it was
kind of pricey Hills $22 I felt really
good
buying it because I know exactly where
that money is going to explode you that
family and supporting that business I
love how it has silver detailing around
it because I love silver jewelry and I
think this goes really well with my next
two stone necklaces I don't remember
what the green one is called because
it's definitely not Jade I found out I
think it's like fluorite or something I
think it adds a nice you know gentle
touch of color to my looks and my last
one is just
beautifully cut out quartz stone that is
harnessed into this metal contraption
I think they layer perfectly because
they're all at different links where
each of them can showcase their
individual shape I think that's one
important thing about layering necklaces
I personally wouldn't wear necklaces
that are all the same length because
they all get drownded out so you can't
see each of them individually you want
to have a short one a middle one and a
long one so it just cascades very
naturally down next favorite is a movie
it's the shining and it's a classic I'm
pretty sure a bunch of you guys have
seen it but for the longest time I was
avoiding it because I hate horror films
but finally I just kind of sucked it up
and said hey I need to watch this it's
my Kubrick and it's only one of the only
correct movies I haven't seen so I
watched it and I freaking loved it I
didn't even think it was scary the
acting in the shining is just
mind-numbing ly good Jack Nicholson was
freaking perfect
he was so sarcastic and his performance
was really haunting and its counterpart
Shelley Duvall who played Wendy just
just capture the essence of fear it was
just the perfect movie by the way the
whole synopsis of the film is a family
who is taking care of Hotel while it's
closed down and it's haunted and I just
leave it at that I don't know why I
didn't watch it before so if you didn't
watch it you gotta go check it out if
you're really scared for movies maybe
bring along the friend if you've watched
the SHINee comment down below and let me
know what your favorite scene is so
those are my favorite short and simple
if you have an Instagram my username is
I'm Jenna can check me out if you would
like so I'll see you on the next one bye
