hi guys I'm Jen today's video is gonna
be about Valentine's Day and what I
might possibly wear I sell a few looks
that accommodate to various situations
that you might find yourself in this
Valentine's Day what's up welcome to the
first look over all us have always been
kind of on my radar but I just found
that the denim ones just look too
youthful to me so I was really jazz and
I found this pleather one it's such a
daring piece and it's super versatile
because you can mix and match to the
undershirt and for this particular look
I just went for a classic off the
shoulder top well I just kind of pulled
the shirt down so it gives illusion that
it's off the shoulder but anyway for my
purse I'm wearing this embellished coin
bag and it's got mixed metals but I make
sure to keep it like so it doesn't cause
too much strain on my back wearing some
simple silver band rings and this
awesome concho bracelet and a yin-yang
watch and on my shoes I just kept it
really simple and casual and on my lips
I'm wearing this light pink shade
this is my romantic day trip outfit but
it's got a gentle punch of edge because
I have this really plush faux leather
jacket and it's just as buttery as real
leather but we're not sacrificing any
lives underneath I'm wearing this what
seemingly looks like a normal black crop
top but on the back it shows this nice
and tasteful flash skin and it's got a
leopard print on it for my skirt I chose
this blush pink flare skirt and it's
just really cute and for my shoes I
wanted to add some height without being
too crazy so I chose my new demure tees
for my accessories I kept it pretty
simple I just threw on this really
simple fringe gold necklace and I
finished the look off with just some lip
gloss
this next outfit is definitely one of my
favorites and it's totally date friendly
it's such a pretty low number and it's
got a refreshing silhouette I haven't
seen before it's got a high neckline and
it kind of flares out to soft ruffles
under the arms it's just incredibly
flattering wearing these silver earrings
for a bit of interest on my ears and I
strapped on my amazing Jeffrey Campbell
duels there's such a sexy heel and I
love the ankle straps because they make
it super wearable and since this is
something on wear during the daytime I
just threw on this big Sun Hat with
scalloped rims this is my womanly date
night look I think this dress is
incredibly mature refined and classic I
think it's something that Audrey Hepburn
would plot around in and I love the
black stripe that goes down the middle
and just bursts into this beautiful full
flare for accessories I'm wearing this
chandelier earrings and I just added
some pops of color with some turquoise
bracelets moving on to the shoes I just
slipped into these really simple black
suede heel they got from Marshalls
my last outfit is something I would wear
on galentine's day aka if I were
spending that day with my ladies so it's
an outfit that's totally unrestricted as
my outer layer I just put on this sheer
plaid flannel and I rolled the sleeves
to give it a little bit more shape
moving on to the bottoms these are my
black cut-off denim with this really
awesome sick chain fringe lined all
across the pocket for accessories I'm
just wearing these stone necklaces I'm
not sure whether they're real Jade or
quartz but either way they just look
really sick I'm also wearing this little
knuckle ring with the baby skull on it
for shoes I went all out and I'm
strutting in my badass Lita's freitas
oops and I obviously love the phat
intense heel and the heavy nature of it
all and I topped the look off with a
Olive B
I would really appreciate if you would
comment down below let me know what your
Valentine's Day plans are it would be
interesting to know what everyone's kind
of up to that day if you have an
Instagram my username is I'm your M
follow me if you'd like and other than
that I think that's it for today I'll
see you guys in the next video bye
