my name is Jen we're doing a haul today
a January haul of things that I compiled
this month so let's just get into it
first storm we're gonna be talking about
is plunder and you guys are probably all
familiar with it by now they let me pick
out seven more things from their website
this month and I thought I would show
you guys first item is a pair of jeans I
picked out these acid-washed denim
skinnies and I already have a light wash
but I don't have a nice blue wash like
this and it's just a cool 80s funky
print and it's really great for basics
as you can see I love acid wash I picked
up this teal skirt and it's by Mattel
and it's got a bunch of creases on it
because it's just been chilling out here
I love that it's a very structured a
line skirt it has a nice form to it and
the color is gonna be fantastic for the
upcoming spring and plus I think I can
even rock it for the wintertime kind of
like a winter mint color I've got
another pair of very bold pants it's
these palm-leaf skinnies from motel
rocks I saw a bunch of British beauty
gurus who had these maybe I want to say
the summer or probably earlier than
summer and I wanted them so badly I know
it looks like a weed leaf but it's not
it's just a palm leaf and I just think
it's a really bright and very bold
vibrant pattern there's a cute little
number this is a polka dot address by
mink pink and I love the little
sweetheart neckline and I love how this
dress actually maintains your waist a
lot of a lot of dresses I find that my
waist kind of gets drowned with it you
either have to wear a belt or fasten
elastic like this then you're good to go
I just think of spring picnics in this
dress and of course I can make it really
winter by adding some opaque tights and
maybe an acid-washed denim jacket and a
beanie and then you have your instant
winter outfit I really like the look of
leaves and kind of the tropical vibe
this is kind of like the tropical camo
print and I'm really diggin it
this is also for something that I wear
for the spring it just needs to warm up
in Northern California and I love the
blue on this dress because it's very
subdued and quite minty and just to
clear things up I don't live in LA I was
born and raised in LA and I
visit their on breaks for school or to
visit my family and friends but my home
base is northern California if you ask
me maybe three years ago I would have
laughed at you if if you showed this to
me because it's a striped turtleneck but
as you can see I have totally converted
I love turtlenecks now feel like a lot
of influential people wear just classic
turtlenecks like Steve Jobs seem to wear
a lot of turtlenecks and I think Michael
Kors warm turtlenecks I don't know I'm
just pulling people out of my butt
anyway I got this stripe to turn I I
like the contrast of this Turlock
because it's got the solid black block
on the top and then it just kind of
cascades into you beautiful cream and
black stripes my last item is this
sweater don't freak out kill is the
brand of the sweater if anything hi
reminds you of Kill Bill the Tarantino
movie because it's just obnoxious
mustard yellow which goes really well
with the forest green anyway this is
actually a men's sweater and I picked it
up in a small and I love crewnecks
because then I can layer little white
button ups under it and it just creates
a very collegiate look and it's kind of
ironic because that's such a vulgar word
on it
so plunder Hall done moving on to Urban
Outfitters I got this shirt I love the
bad xx but I don't think this shirt was
created on promoting the band
I think graphic shirts are great basics
just things that you can wear really
loud outerwear over it you can wear like
a fuzzy cardigan you can wear a blazer a
leather jacket it's just a very good
good base these are some items that I
received from insane jungle I have this
fuzzy terry cloth type of sweater and
it's got this huge skull on it it's kind
of like the Day of the Dead skull and
it's just a really beautiful lace kind
of embroidery and I just think it's
really sick it's got a very open
neckline and it's quite baggy so it's
just a really cozy sweater to wear
around the house or probably outside too
you can layer this under a button-down
the world is your oyster with oversized
sweater you I personally can't have
enough so my next item is this creamed
oversized sweater it's got the shredding
details it's got the shoulder cutout
to emphasize the femininity of the
shoulder it's got a very nice v-neck so
you can kind of show off your
collarbones and overall I think this is
just a great sweater to have because
it's cream so it's a neutral it will
essentially go with anything especially
patterned pants and very excited to our
pattern things with this basic insane
jungles done
moving on to forever 21 I got this
pleated Cape top from forever 21 and
hold on sale for 10 bucks I'm such a
sucker for pleats because it's just so
feminine and pretty I love the movement
on this because it's got a lot of its
gonna mind of its own that's the end of
my haul I know it seems like I got a lot
of spring pieces but hey it's kind of
coming up pop-up in the description bar
down below just open it I'll put the
links to the available items in the
description box so check that out if you
have an Instagram my username is I'm
your name you can follow me if you would
like and you might be able to get closer
inside of my life I will see you guys in
the next video and take care bye
