guys my name is Jen today we're gonna be
talking about the fundamentals of Larry
and I'll be dissecting each outfit layer
by layer so we can create outfits like
this so let's start with look number one
this white button-down is a great
foundation to my outfit because it's
incredible base it's got these unique
Jaguar collar tips and it jazzed up this
otherwise quite casual sweater into
something very interesting the top has
an elastic bottom so it makes tucking it
in an absolute dream moving on to the
third layer I threw on the shearing
olive anorak from daily look and it's
got deep set pockets and this one is
quite special because it's lined with
wool surely making it the perfect winter
coat it insulates really well so that
way you won't be clumping the cold
I even layered my thighs with my sheer
stockings the sheer stockings help my
thighs to stay up because socks have
something to grip to and on my feet I
wore black booties and for my skirt I
wanted a tough in the schoolgirl look
with something that's black and pleather
on my lips I'm just wearing a nice nude
pink lip
moving on to outfit number two I'm
wearing a cream thermal in case you
don't know what a thermal is it's
basically just a long-sleeve with this
waffle knit pattern on it and for my
second layer either on this beautiful
metallic knit top for runway bandits I'm
obsessed with the zig zag detailing all
over the shoulder I think it just
highlights one of my favorite parts on
the female body jumping on to the third
layer I found this dark chestnut leopard
cardigan I thrifted at Goodwill a few
years back it's one of my favorite
drifted pieces because the leopard print
is quite subdued and subtle and my last
layer is my leather jacket Bruce Lee was
actually my nickname when I was a kid I
had a bull cut just like him it stopped
at the time but I've learned to embrace
it and now that we're finished with all
the layers I think that we're ready for
the pants and I love these pants because
metallic textures are one of my favorite
because there's such an incredible
statement I love that this is not your
Pirate's Booty in-your-face gold it's
more of a dull bronze making it very
wearable on my feet I'm just wearing
like gorgeous nude wedges from Dean Juri
and I finished off the look with the
break
all right last outfit everyone I'm an
absolute freak for turtlenecks and if
it's cropped too that means if one my
heart and this one's from Koshka and
it's ultra soft my second layer is quite
subtle but adds intense dimension to my
look because we're sprucing it up with a
lace texture and when it's cold outside
every layer counts even if it's just
lace my third layer is just a basic
black cardigan and made sure my cardigan
was long because it'll blend in
discreetly with my Black lapel coat and
when you're learning too much there's a
possibility that you can look a little
bit bulky so if you wear with the same
color no one will ever know it'll be
like your little secret now that we've
finished all the layers let's move on to
my statement tartan trousers that I
belted with my absolute favorite belt in
the world
it turned goodwill and one of my pieces
that I wear all the time
now my feet I chose my monstrously high
freitas and on my lips is this raspberry
pink shade from NYX and that's it that's
all the end of the looks and I hope you
guys NAB some tips on layering and if
you have an Instagram my username is I'm
genin I think that's all for now so I'll
see you guys later bye
