hi I'm Jen this is the video where I
tell you guys how I lost ten pounds
first off I want to say that I am NOT a
dietician everybody is idiosyncratic
which means that every body is unique
what techniques work for me may not
particularly work for you we always have
different body types and this is just
how I lost ten pounds so let me start
off with the general stats of my body
late 2011 I was around 115 to 113 pounds
my way is always fluctuating most bodies
do and now in 2013 I am 100 pounds or 98
200 pounds before you freak out this is
quite normal for my height I'm 5 1 and
my BMI is 18.5 I'm not underweight and
I'm actually a lot healthier now this
took me over a year to lose this weight
and maintain my weight right now so it's
not going to happen overnight so don't
expect it to number one take a picture
of everything you eat I know it sounds
ridiculous this is actually really
important because just the conscious
effort of taking a picture of your food
stopping and hold your appetite for five
seconds it makes it it makes a big
difference every week you kind of can
see what your diet was like I personally
use an iPhone app called Adri it's super
super slow because the people created it
have kind of left it on the back burner
but it's still functioning and it's
something that I use religiously I took
over a thousand meals on that thing and
it's been helping me a lot to moderate
what I eat and so if I eat a doughnut on
Monday I'll remember that I that
doughnut until Friday where I can eat
another doughnut
you know you'll start gathering data
about yourself and just truly learning
what it is take pictures of the good
meals that you eat and the really crappy
foods that you're eating
I found that documenting my food really
makes me excited for my meals because I
kind of I view food as a treat if you
don't have an iPhone just take a picture
with your cell phone
I'll blow that into your laptop maybe
every month and just kind of see what
you ate it's no different than writing
down the food but I just think that
taking a picture with your cell phone is
a lot easier number two carbs for me are
the devil
I'm quite aware that there are good
carbs aka complex carbohydrates that are
good for you and break down slower in
your body and there's also bad carbs
like refined carbohydrates that's smooth
that's the really soft Wonderbread carbs
that are freakin delicious I personally
just try to avoid carbs as best as I can
because I person would just rather use
my calories on proteins veggies um
fiber you know just other things that
aren't carbs if I really think about it
I probably eat carbs maybe once or twice
a meal I always try to make one meal in
my day just completely carb list there
is addicting components in carbs I just
try my best not to fall into the
cravings I found that I gradually weaned
off carbs I stopped Oran fries at a
restaurants get a side salad instead
you're already treating yourself out cuz
you're doing that freakin yummy burger
there's really no need to over indulge
and get that pile of garlic fries even
though they're really good your body's
gonna thank you after when I'm eating
pizza I won't eat the crust even though
it's my favorite part especially if
there's like a garlic dipping sauce in
it when you're eating a sandwich take
one slice of the bread off so it's kind
of an open-faced sandwich and when I'm
deciding which bread to flip off from
the sandwich I always make sure I keep
the side of the bread that is soaked
with the yummy sauces like whether it's
light mayo or honey mustard or something
like that
I just keep that side on just throw the
rest of the carbs away they're very
subtle changes but gradually they're
going to help you wean off the carbs and
just be a lot more healthy number 3
remix your meals that means that recipes
aren't confined to what it says on the
paper or what already comes into your
meal remember you can modify your
recipes you can add things in you can
take things out for an example instant
noodles are one of my favorite meals
it's you know just kind of a staple if
you're a college student when I do with
my noodles is that I break off what I
break off half the noodles so I'm just
using one half and then I'll pour
everything in on a you know but I'll add
zucchini I'll add broccoli all it's
spinach kale tofu just anything to add
more nutrients to my meal all that
veggies and fiber is just gonna fill you
up faster so you realize that you don't
really need all the
so although you're eating a sodium
packed meal my personal thing is I just
try to avoid carbs and that's what
worked for me
whatever mediocre meal I'm cooking that
night I'll just add some broccoli on the
side or some steamed veggies it just
makes the components of your meal just a
lot healthier and you'll feel a lot
better about yourself seeing some color
a mate your meals and it's just those
baby steps that are gonna help you don't
really worry about the calories I never
count calories I used to count calories
in high school and that's when I was the
biggest it was so bizarre focus on what
kind of nutrition you're eating it just
makes everything a lot smoother and
easier for water is your best friend
I've had this canteen for probably a
year now it's kind of my safety blanket
it's always around with 24/7 it's always
next to me when I'm filming at school
next to my bed stand when I wake up you
know I get thirst in the night and I'll
just start chugging the water try to sip
water maybe three to four times an hour
and you'll realize that most time when
you're hungry you're either just thirsty
or you're just bored so water can be
your best friend ditch the soda ditch
the juice I stopped drinking soda
probably in high school and that helped
a lot you might as well just eat the
actual fruit because although juice some
juices have vitamins in it you lose all
the fiber which is what burns the
calories when you're digesting it juice
is essentially just liquefied sugar so
if you're looking for the vitamins or
the nutrients I would say just to eat
the actual fruit because then you get
filled up and you get the vitamins and
it's just nice to chew on something
rather than just you know shoveling it
and let it drizzle down your mouth
I prefer chewing it five exercise of
course you need it I've heard somewhere
I don't remember where that losing
weight is 80% of your diet and 20% of
exercise I think exercise is important
if you want to have like a toned sexy
body if I'm not gonna do cardio
I'll just stay indoors and do Blogilates
which is my one of my favorite youtubers
her name is Kathy Howe and she has great
workout videos that are around five to
nineteen minutes long some of them and I
just did on my room and I
I do that probably four to five times a
week and that's for strength training
and I absolutely love her she has this
vivacious and bubbly energy and she
doesn't work out with you and she talks
with you the entire way and she's just I
just love her I think she's the one who
keeps me going to exercise so if you're
ever watching this cassie I want to say
thank you for molding my body to what it
is right now I used to do cardio in the
summer and that's when I was using
Ozzy's the treadmill all the time I
would run maybe two to three miles three
to four times a week but I stopped doing
that because it's just so cool to go
outside to the gym I know it's a stupid
excuse but I think the holidays really
kind of fatten me up and made me a
little bit more lazy now I probably
gonna get back into the groove of it
once the weather warms up but I find
that music listen to music and
exercising didn't really help me at all
music just wasn't enough of a
distraction to me that's how much I hate
working out I would usually just put a
youtube playlist on my smartphone and
I'll just watch YouTube videos as I'm
working out another trick is to walk
everywhere if you park your car
somewhere
forget the parking spot that's right
next to the CVS go Park all the way to
the end where the trees are a word I
don't know some giant Cal plantation is
just Park as far as you can and walk to
the drugstore every step counts it's all
about gradual buildup usually if I'm
craving something I'll either work out
I'll start painting my nails or
something I'll I'll do my homework I'll
pound a really long sip of water I think
your body is always playing tricks on
you I think it's always saying that oh
you're so hungry you want this cupcake
no you don't need that cupcake you
aren't roll on your own body and if you
want to lose ten pounds you can do it
you know how to lose weight no one wants
to hear it but it's essentially the same
thing you got to change your diet and
you got to exercise those are the main
two things and these are the little
small changes that I made to my life and
I don't saying that I did these BAM
overnight I think I started developing
each rule around I don't know five to
six months apart if you mess up one day
it's okay it's okay to mess up I you
know you're you're a human and you have
me
and cravings but just don't give up
every meal is another chance to you know
fix your diet I suppose if you have any
diet tips down below feel free to let us
know and remember if you don't agree
with something I'm saying I'm saying to
you guys that I'm not a dietician I'm
not a doctor I'm not a physician I'm
just a normal girl who did these things
to lose weight who if you have an
Instagram my username is I'm your name
you can follow me if you would like so
I'll talk to my next video and see you
later
bye
