hi it's Thursday I feel like this week
has just felt like just one really
really long weekend and it's kind of
tripping me out I feel like I need some
structure to my schedule but anyway
tonight John and Brianne and I are gonna
get dinner I am not sure where yet I
think we might get pizza I don't know or
Thai food either way we're probably just
gonna get dinner and drinks at the hip
Kitty because her friend astronautica is
playing there and I really want to see
her set and a bunch of our friends are
heading over there so it's gonna be just
kind of a reunion hi it's been a long
time it seems since I've logged a lot of
things have happened well right now I'm
in the car and my car has been giving me
some serious problems today I'm shooting
with John and that should be interesting
because it's our first shoot together
and it's at Union Station I've never
been here before I'm about to go in
because I'm like an hour early to the
shoot I think I'm just gonna hang out
and maybe read a book so stay tuned for
the photos are probably gonna be on his
website and I'll probably link the
photos down below if you would like to
see them maybe I'll just put them in the
video I haven't decided yet I'm wearing
my usual pajama getup
I'm wearing my cropped hoodie from Urban
Outfitters and I'm wearing these floral
pajama pants from Urban Outfitters
actually everything on my body is Urban
Outfitters right now including this
thermal that's weird anyway I just kind
of wanted to fill you guys in on some
patchiness in my vlogs part three of my
vlogging winter break it's kind of
puttering to a closure because vlogging
is quite exhausting hats off to you if
you did vlogmas I personally couldn't do
it it's really tiring to just bust out
your camera probably because I'm filming
with a Canon t3i and that's where I film
everything with if you're wondering what
camera I use just wanted to fill you
guys in on what I did one night I went
out to dinner with my friends Felicia
Stewart Evan
Daniel and Shannon and we were supposed
to get dinner at Bottega Louie in
downtown LA but it was just packed and
they wouldn't take reservations it was
looking pretty dismal to begin with and
so we went across the street to mas Malo
and it was really good it was just
really awesome catching up because
they're just a really refreshing bunch
not I'm home I'm just been kind of
chilling out and watching some trailers
one can I stuck out to me it's called
the heat it's this comedy with Sandra
Bullock and it's like a female cop movie
comes up sometime in 2013 which is this
year it's fine the same people who made
bridesmaids so if you like that movie
perhaps you'll enjoy this movie as well
I'll put the link to the trailer down
below if you want to take a gander at it
on New Year's Eve I got really sick
because I went to the Golden Corral
which is this terrible buffet and New
Year's Day it was always the same I
always hung out with my family because
celebrate the Korean new year and we had
milk in the morning and then just a
giant feast for dinner so that was eight
and it was just really nice to be kind
of one with my family and I don't know I
just love them I'm in the process of
having a very busy day it started off
with me going to the daily look offices
in downtown LA and I just like to pull
some clothes there and I love the daily
look offices because I like the variety
they have they have clothes for the
all-american girl or the girl next door
and then there's clothes for you know
people who are kind of risk takers I
suppose I just love a store that has
lots of options and suits different
tastes for people and after daily look I
went to the office of Dean dree and if
you don't know what danger is it's one
of my favorite shoe brands of all time
I'm constantly worrying my hell guys the
founder Deanna is such a sweet sweet
girl and I met her dog Lambchop and I
got to see a little bit of the sneak
peeks of the samples that aren't even
out yet and there's these amazing flat
forms with a spike around the cuff and I
can't wait for those to be released
because they're sick and if you wanted
to get your own pair of Dean juries I
actually have a coupon code and it's
gonna be written below my face so if you
don't get what you wanted for Christmas
use this code to get yourself a pair of
sick ass plot worms I'm gonna go see my
friend Christy and Claire Claire
depending if she's home or not
last time I saw them was probably in
summer so it's been a long time and I
think I'm gonna get a late lunch because
it's been a while since breakfast it's
250 right now finish getting late lunch
with Christy she's always got such a
vivacious energy and I just love being
around her because her energy really
feeds off me and I think we're just a
really great bubbly effervescent duo
together anyway I did go home a little
bit early because I am seeing Sarah for
dinner anyway we're going to some
Spanish tapas place in Claremont which
is kind of a drive Sarah make a sound
effect for this
today I just got back from a shoot with
Becca
we shot a winter look look for runaway
bandits which is a company that I love
to work with because I love their
products and we shot at two different
locations one in this tunnel place and
the other place and the other place was
Mount Baldy and I just love shooting
with her because it doesn't feel like
work because she's one of my best friend
I'm back in NorCal Nell and I wanted to
tell you how I spent my last day in
SoCal I send it with Sarah and we just
had some pizza at her house and she
actually homemade the pizza it had bacon
and jalapenos on it and it was just
absolutely divine and I think that was
the perfect way to end my break just
with my best friend and eating some foam
food I'm just back in North County I'm
about to pump out some more videos for
you guys now that I'm up here it's gonna
just be I guess back to business if you
have an Instagram my username is I'm
sure name you can follow me if you'd
like I'll see you guys in next one bye
