a happy Sunday I did not leave the house
today which feels disgustingly awesome I
basically just sat around the house and
edited and uploaded the footage from the
part one of winter break and I have been
eating these stupid chocolate-covered
macadamia nuts that my mom brought and
I'm trying to refrain from eating the
last pieces but it's really hard it's
it's pretty much like crack whoa throw a
ball damn it oh oh there's two lairs
ding so I decided to make plans tonight
I'm gonna go watch The Hobbit with
Stuart and I am thrilled to see The
Hobbit because I wrote the book in
seventh grade I'm interested to see how
they translate the text into an actual
movie but I think Peter Jackson's did a
good job with RO the Rings so I don't
doubt the hobbits gonna be awesome
and after I believe we're going to go
visit Stuart's cats Kingsley and Link
because he's in the process of moving so
they're being cats at so it's gonna be
cool to see them again
hi what's up it is Christmas Eve today
is Monday and I'm gonna go see Sarah
because she just came down from her trip
from the mountains so that's why she
wasn't in my part one of the winter vlog
I think she's just baking right now so
I'm gonna go ahead over to her house and
maybe eat a few and ketchup which is
gonna be super nice by the way and the
Hobbit was alright I had no idea they
had segmented into three parts I thought
it was gonna be one long-ass movie but I
guess not
hi it's it's it's Sarah
I'm not really here we're not friends
anymore this is just like the parent
track with Lindsay Lohan apparently
route wins weight so you've been baking
a lot huh what's your favorite thing to
bake French macarons stills because
they're so difficult but they cost a lot
for the ingredients so I haven't made
them I just doing marshmallows and hot
cocoa and apple tarts and bread pudding
I'm gonna make poached pears probably
tomorrow oh yeah
Sara the holiday party to go at 4 p.m.
so we had to make things very brief but
she gave me this can of homemade
marshmallows and cocoa mix it's so good
I'm drinking right now I just made
myself a batch using her her directions
on the jar I hope you have a Merry Merry
Christmas Eve and I'll see you guys
tomorrow cuz I'm probably just gonna
edit this right now and watch some
YouTube videos you write like a
professional doctor Christmas I'm at
Shanghai Reds having a breakfast buffet
or a lunch buffet with my parents and my
brother it's really nice the whole
buffet it's like a cluster pile of food
it's Wednesday I'm going to a meeting
today with one of my favorite online
stores Koshka their web stores are my
favorite because they carry a lot of my
favorite lines like unif mean pink
that's always saying them but that's
what they carry and I'm finally meeting
them in real life today so it's gonna be
quite exciting we're doing a little
meeting and Becca's coming with me
and you guys will probably get a sneak
peek of the offices
hi my name is Teresa I'm from Koshka and
this is my winter pick I like this
because it's kind of like versatile it
goes with lots of stuff and I like the
shearling color I think they also comes
off which is really cool so it kind of
looks different it's a really small
jacket but it's like blind with trailing
on the inside so it's actually really
warm hey my name is Joe and this is my
winter pick I definitely like the floral
print on it it has a cool design on the
back and you can totally throw this over
a dress or wear it down or wear it
during spring or somewhere and it adds a
little bit of pop to your word my name
is Vivian from koshkas this is my winter
pick it's be something else
shaggy mesh sweater I really like it
because of the fringe shoulder detail
kind of like gives it a nice movement
hello there I'm home now
me and Becca went to earth cafe which
was like a block away and I got this
huge Greek salad all to myself in a
coffee and Becca ordered some sort of
Spanish latte and yeah it just caught up
which was nice
and I love going to earth cafe because I
just like their ingredients and the
selection of teas and it's just an
overall very cool place if you're ever
in LA you should definitely stop by guys
don't worry I haven't forgotten
forgotten about the diet or the hair
video I think I'm just really enjoying
my time here it's gonna take me a while
to edit those so I think I'm just gonna
save those when I go back up to North
Cal so it's gonna come out in January
for sure so don't be mad at me if it's
not like the first week of January it's
probably gonna come out the last because
I'm kind of a laggard you have an
Instagram my username is I'm genom you
can follow me if you want and I think
that's pretty much it
I'll see you guys in my next vlog bye
