hello welcome to the first day of my
winter break
technically I just got back to LA maybe
five hours ago so I'm just unpacking and
tomorrow's apparently the end of the
world so of course my friends are going
to have the end of the world party it's
called in the world because it's the end
of the Mayan calendar so if the world
ends then I guess you won't see this
vlog so I'm gonna head into the car with
my friend ELISA and we are going 30
miles to Long Beach now All Right see ya
sexy poses why did you pop off a beer
bottle open
like already anyways cheers to that
they're really decent killer Mike that's
a very you know doable goal
party's over pretty much and we're going
home now and we're all alive still
excellent news today it's officially
Friday and today me and my brother James
are going to living spaces in La Mirada
because we're going Christmas shopping
for our parents we're basically gonna
revamp their entire bedroom because the
furniture in there right now is kind of
it's like decades old so since mere
brother both moved out we're going to
like sexify the place and make it really
that sounds really gross no we're gonna
upgrade the place so it's just like a
new environment for them and I know oh
my god it's right in front of us okay
living spaces I think you just don't
like it cuz the sheets maybe I don't
know I think it's the bed sheets that
you don't like about it yeah that's
I like this bed this bed is on it's not
the sheets that solitaire I know what's
it know
happy Saturday today is kind of a busy
day I am interviewing my friend air pop
and we're doing a style profile on him
and that video should be coming out
sometime in January so keep an eye on
that they're doing a music video for I
wonder today so we're just gonna see a
little bit of behind the scenes so here
we are in the house and I have a medley
of gifts I have these white flowers I
don't know the species of the flower but
it's absolutely gorgeous if you know
what it is comment down below and let me
know what kind of flower it is anyway
I'm at the house and it is gorgeously
furnished there's just a bunch of little
knickknacks and just air Pop has
excellent excellent taste and right now
Alison is doing makeup and we will show
you the finished look after it's done
superstition stressed out
when they could have listened you know
fight frostbite and I had to lose one
finger it would be my middle finger
because I hate flicking people off
because I'm kind I'd be more like that
which it actually made me be weirder it
would leave more of a memory pin it in
their brain
when they couldn't listen
