hi guys my name is Jen this episode is
gonna be about holiday party outfits
because this year surprisingly I got
invited to a medley of them so I thought
it'd be appropriate since you whip up
some outfits for you guys for the
different occasions that you might be
attending this is the perfect holiday
dress for me because it's both edgy and
elegant and I would have never thought
that black mesh and sequins could look
so harmonious together but it just works
because the mesh really softens the
sequins plus the back of the dress is
absolutely beautiful and to add another
layer I am just wearing my cropped
leather moto jacket but if it's colder
where you live wear this jacket or
another jacket that you want to and then
wear your winter coat over it so these
looks are just meant to be when you're
inside anyway when I'm wearing a maxi I
like to wear skyscraper high platforms
to add a little bit more height to
myself and for accessories I just piled
on silver jewelry and added a bit of
turquoise in it too and lastly I
finished my holiday look with a bright
red lip this is something I would wear
if I were to meet the parents of
somebody I am wearing it because it's
quite conservative yet it has all the
trends I love in it like the pleats and
the semi-structured shoulder to it and
it's got this really rad zipper
detailing that you can take off if
you're not feeling it for some weird
reason and over the Scourge of stress
I'm wearing this long black Chanel esque
cardian because the chain and I got this
one from forever 21 and to cover my legs
I'm wearing these black opaque tights
that I got from a drug store and on my
shoes I'm wearing my Jeffrey Campbell
tardy lows on my ears I'm wearing these
cute little gold triangle earrings and
on my lips I'm wearing grace by number
seven and I bought it off a bit to make
it a little bit more toned down
next look is for work parties and to be
over festive I'm wearing this red velvet
dress that has this adorable heart
cutout in the back and I think this
dress is perfect for the office because
it's very modest in the front but it's
part in the back so after work you can
go out with your friends or something
and to cover up and make it more
corporate I'm wearing this black blazer
that I cuffed up on the sleeves and for
shoes I decided to go with my tan
Jeffrey Campbell Desmond's because I
really like this silhouette for it for
my lips I'm wearing the same color as my
previous outfit last outfit this one is
kind of a wild card it's something I
would wear on a night out with the girls
because it's wacky and awesome it has
this really cool funky 80s bejeweled
brooches on it and it's it's half
leather which is awesome and another
layer I have is this thick knit cardigan
with speckles that matched the colors of
the little bejeweled pieces which was
perfect and for my lip color I'm wearing
chilly by Mac and I topped everything
off with my thrifted beret
and if you open up the downbar there's
gonna be links to all the items are
available online please comment down
below and tell me what your holiday
plans are I would love to hear them
because I love how there's different
perspectives all around the world so
it'd be cool know what everyone's kind
of up to you know my holiday plans are
very simple I'm driving down to SoCal
which is gonna be so nice to see my
friends and family I think I told this
to you my Winterlicious tag if you have
an Instagram my username is I'm genom
please follow me if you'd like anyway
thank you so much for watching I hope
you guys have a safe and wonderful
Christmas flash holiday season okay bye
