hey what's up I'm Jen and welcome to my
car
we're going thrifty today because I'm on
vacation and I have time to drift now I
know that's a large portion of why I
didn't have time to drift anymore
because I was in school and I was making
these YouTube videos and whatever but
now I have a chunk of time and I'm gonna
go surf ting I'm just kind of winging it
today honestly I don't know what I'm
gonna do I have no objective I don't
know what I'm doing right now but you
guys are going to come with me therapy
this is what I would usually do I just
go on a random day when I want to have
some therapeutic activity I think it's
really fun and it really clears my mind
hey so rut good well now it looks pretty
dead today and I got my backpack on I'll
lend some comfortable clothes so let's
go ahead we're all ready I figured out
the objective of this episode I'm gonna
find an outfit completely drifted no
probably not shoes but pretty much my
entire outfit just drifted okay so let's
see if I can take that challenge when I
first come to get well I usually head to
the shoes first because I think it's
just the easiest to look at because
everything is really chaotic
so start with the shoes and then work
your way to the madness I just finished
the shoe section and it was absolute
crap but I still have hope right now I'm
at the men's t-shirt section in hopes of
finding a banty I really doubt it but I
mean hey what if that's the thing
another section should check out is the
home decor section because there's a lot
of little trinkets that you might want
to put in your room or little
knickknacks they can put on a shelf or
something so keep an eye on that too I
have a semi serious question asked if
you're Asian
do you own a plate like this because I
am Asian and I own a plate like this and
I'm pretty sure all my friends who are
Asian have a plate like this too so if
you have a plate like this comment down
below let me know okay so I can kind of
solidify my thoughts I like this little
because everything is organized by size
so it just makes the whole shopping
experience a lot easier I think the size
is only really matter with your bottoms
that's something that you can't really
adjust but for shirts it really doesn't
matter what size I look through the
extra-large the maternal size it really
doesn't matter because the top you can
kind of be flexible with so I think I
amount fit almost ready I just have to
find some outerwear to have the final
touches of it so hold on we're gonna
find it
so this is my finished look I'm pretty
much right everything thrifted that I
found here so I'm wearing just this
anorak coat type of thing that I'm
oversized but we roll two sleeves so
we're good
I'm wearing this sheer button-down that
I tied into a knot to make a little bit
more cropped for my skirt I am wearing
this this really easygoing flowy little
a-line skirt and that's my really simple
look
I believe my entire office under $20
thank you for coming with me drifting we
finally figured out what the objective
of the video was you guys came and threw
with me I gave you a little bit of tips
and you guys saw me pick out an outfit
under $25 I hope you guys enjoyed it I'm
gonna try to film more of these quick
thrift videos for you guys and if you
have an Instagram my username is I'm
genin please follow me if you'd like
until then I'll talk to you guys later
bye
I still
