hi guys I'm Jen this video I'm going to
be honing in on how ice tell with my
favorite patterns which is plaid
I think plaid is exceptionally fun to
style during the colder seasons because
unapplied comes in really you know thick
material anyway I want to show you guys
that plaid isn't just confined to just
that classic plaid button down you can
wear it as pants skirts whatever you
want and this video is gonna really
focus on that and if you stay tuned at
the end there's going to be a giveaway
and there's going to be three winners
flat bottoms are incredibly fun to style
it because there's such a strong
statement and make your outfit just more
interesting I love this light orange
tint of these pants and I think they had
a lot of edge and an easy way to style a
bold pattern is to complement them was
just a regular solid basic unlike me I
styled these pants with this sweater and
I don't think the graphics clash since
it's a relatively simple print I also
layered this under just the classic
white button-down and I just think it
looks more interesting and this is the
cat sweater that we're giving away we're
giving away three of these so stay tuned
at the end the video so you can figure
out how you can win one anyway i layered
everything over with a textured
motorcycle jacket from PacSun I'm
wearing my creepers because it's been
raining non-stop and there are quite
durable shoes for the rainy weather and
for my lips I went with my favorite nude
shade which is Honolulu honey if the
full blown plaid bottoms are too intense
for you I suggest a slight pop of it in
your outfit I'm using this thrifted
plaid button-down that I got in goodwill
and since it's pretty oversized it just
cost the sleeves and use it as a
layering device and now it just really
complements my tan blazer really well
and this blazer is originally from H&M
but luckily I saw this hanging out
waistline so keep an eye out for you
know old pieces and I'm wearing the
sleeveless black lace dress and I think
it's a total wardrobe basic since you
can dress it up or down from our of a
casual look make this outfit and to make
sure my waist doesn't get all drowned
out I added this drifted belt from
and I just threw on some sheer tights
that I got from my local drugstore and I
went for a very no unoffensive ankle
boot from Schumann and they just go with
everything to retain more warmth I added
this nice cozy circle scarf from forever
21 and I just threw on this newsboys cap
from Urban Outfitters
the next look is a twist to the cheesy
schoolgirl outfit plat skirt is you know
commonly associated with uniforms but I
think you can totally wear it for just a
casual piece and this skirt is perfect
for fall because it's surprisingly a
really thick material and routine a lot
of warm I just think it's really cute
and for my top I went with my turtleneck
crop top from American Apparel now this
is where the big statement kicks in I'm
wearing this cardigan from unif and it's
a brand that's notorious for making
quite witty and controversial sayings
and I wouldn't take it too seriously
it's more of a play on words and they're
not trying to get a crazy reaction of
people it's all in good fashion fun that
being said I wearing my Jeffrey Campbell
tardy lows that maybe guys have picked
up from the nail Nasty Gal sale and I
love how comfortable they are
and the chunkiness and that forest green
color it's very festive and on my lips
I'm wearing a bright vibrant orange lip
and this color actually reminds me of
more inch by Mac which is one of my
absolute favorite shades
we've come to the end of the road and
this is my last outfit and whenever I
wear this plaid blazer I kind of feel
like Max from Rushmore
Blazers whether they're patterned or
solid just make outfits look more crisp
also I added my David Bowie pin from
eBay to just add a little bit more jazz
to my look and this lace peplum top is
actually my first peplum top and I love
how it gives a nice hourglass shape to
those who aren't that curvy and it just
adds more a more womanly silhouette to
us petite girls and form head
accessories I'm wearing my braids at -
my you know collegiate look and I just
wore these plain black skinnies because
I already have a lot of pattern going on
and fYI I love these pants because I
don't have to cuff them which is really
nice for a change for shoes I'm just
wearing my litas which I feel like I
haven't worn in a really long time I
hope you guys have got some cool unique
ideas on how to style of plaid now
everyone you're gonna fall on Instagram
of that nurse market number two you're
going to like that it's locked its
Facebook page number three you're gonna
see a picture of me on my Instagram or
in the cat sweater and you're gonna like
that picture to signify that you
entering there's gonna be three lucky
winners and they're going to be
announced on the Instagram and Facebook
of editors market if you pop up in
description box there's going to be
links of items that are available online
and there's going to be more you know
concise details of the giveaway if
you're interested if you are in the core
system hang in there I'm being
annihilated by midterms and I'm really
scared for finals week that's coming up
I'm really stressed out too so hang in
there guys
anyway that being said I'm heading off
to class now and I'll talk to you guys
in the next video see ya
