hi happy Wednesday my class got canceled
today so that means I have a five-day
weekend which is nice so I decided to
come to the mall because I wanted to
find my signature scent as you may or
may not know I smell like I smell like
laundry detergent and my deodorant
and I kind of want to change that one to
smell good you know especially I'm
walking by so in my about me / FAQ video
a bunch of you guys have had given me
recommendations on since so I'm gonna go
just Sephora and kind of smell them out
and tell you guys what I think about it
and perhaps I'll leave today with the
signature scent also Urban Outfitters is
having like a 20% off discount on like
students so if you bring your student ID
you get a discount and I'm a student and
I have ID so I thought it kind of worked
out
either way you guys are gonna come
shopping with me and I'm gonna let you
guys know what I think here we are at
the mall a lot more crowded than I
thought it would be
trying to find this for it's my first
time at this Arden mall
the directory says that I am currently
here and Sakura is there so it should be
fairly easy to find it right anyway
walking in the mall reminds me how much
I hate the mall
that's that oh here it is okay history
listen this is the first review I ever
got it was a gift for my 15th birthday
and I really like the sign it's very
it's like potent ly fruity and it's very
long-lasting hyper sweet but I think I'm
ready to move on around I think it's
time for a change
um I've heard a lot of great things
about Flowerbomb and I gotta admit the
packaging is just stunning breathtaking
but the the cents not for me it's but it
makes sense because I'm not a big fan of
floral moving on to Dolce & Gabbana a
few guys who mentioned light blue and it
does smell nice I gotta give it that but
it just didn't smell like me I kind of
wanted something with a little bit more
oomph you know oh and this is where
Versace's bright crystal comes in uh how
could I describe this set it's it's the
perfect blend of fruit and floral and
not overwhelming but it still has a
really nice statement to it and right
next to it is yellow diamond and this
reminds me of Rock and Rio for some
strange bizarre reason kind of like her
older refined sister something and I
love the holding power on this I
spritzed on my wrist and it lasts the
entire day it was crazy all right
I feel like I want to like the smell of
this only because it's Chanel but this
one isn't for me I don't really have a
reason it just smells a little bit too
grown-up for my taste the D can wise be
delicious line smells awesome it
actually smells like apples and if I had
the luxury to buy as many perfumes as I
wanted I would totally get it but
realistically I couldn't see myself
wearing this every single day of my life
and Daisy this is a classic and it
smells amazing but it's already been
nabbed up by a few my friends I think at
least two of my friends wear this trophy
man it smells bomb on them but I've
already associated Daisy to them so
she's a taken lady so I can't really
walk up that tree dot on the other hand
smells really really nice I wish there
was just like a scratch to sniff option
for the laptop screen because I can't
really describe what it smells like
moving on to the clean line
it's phenomenal their name says it all
it's I think a guy or a girl could
easily rock these scents they're just
really unisex very refreshing and the
labels on the bottle are just dead
accurate and I wish they came in smaller
sizes because I just couldn't justify
that price it's too expensive
the pink sugar line I just found this
way too sweet for my taste so I just
kind of passed on this not gonna lie I
wasn't expecting to like Taylor Swift's
perfume but I was pleasantly surprised
um I hate to sound so redundant but
again it's quite sweet and I just I
can't really tell you if it's fruity or
floral it just smells really nice Alice
tempted to buy the roller version of
Clinic is happy because I fell in love
with this scent it's refreshing has a
citrus punch to it and I'm definitely
gonna come back to this one later when I
have some extra cash and as for the men
if you ever wondered what I like my men
to smell like it's don't drink about is
the one I swear this scent is an instant
pantie dropper anyway I ended up going
home with Versace's bright crystal it it
smells like the woman I want to be when
I grow up I don't know if that makes
sense but I'm really excited to my
purchase and now you guys know what I
smell like and thank you guys so much
for your recommendations and thanks for
watching this video that's off to you
guys later bye
