hey guys what's up I'm Jen and this
video has been pretty requested it's
about how I style tights hosiery
stockings whatever you want to call it
but here's an entire episode dedicated
to how I style them and if you stay to
the end there's going to be doing I
wanted to start this array of outfit to
the bang so I thought these stockings
were perfect for the occasion if you're
looking to catch to the eye of somewhere
I almost guarantee these pair of tights
will nab their attention it's an
incredible and an aggressive statement
piece and I love how there's a garter
stuffed with a gun as well as a rifle on
the other leg there's really badass as
for my top I wore this gorgeous cream
jumper with the cable knit texture as
well as the spikes on top of these
pleather panels on the shoulder and I
thought I'd play on with the plethora
theme I've got going on so I wore these
black quilted high-waisted shorts from
Runway bandits and for my shoes I would
aside to wear my new Jeffrey Campbell's
and I got these for $60 on sale and
Nasty Gal and when I saw the price I
immediately put them in my online
shopping cart there's such a steal the
only accessory wore was this cute little
cat beanie and from my lips tone with
this nice light pink pop of color next
graft tights are my classic swirl ones
and I'm pretty sure you're very familiar
with these because it's got a very
distinct pattern to it since it's got a
lot of look going on I went with all
complete solids for the rest of my
outfits such as this fuzzy black sweater
and I love the gnarly texture on it I
think it's great for the warmer months
because it's a really cozy material you
know for bottoms this may just look like
a plain regular skirt but in reality
it's actually a full-on dress in a
gorgeous
burnt sienna color and it's got a cute
cutout in the back and I find this
silhouette great for all body types of
course I got to give a shout out to my
mirror belt from eBay cuz without you
this wouldn't have been possible for
jewelry I went with all warm tones so I
nabbed a few of my favorite gold
bracelets and I stuck them on to each
individual arm and I added a bright
raspberry pink on my lips and this time
I wore this wool hat
I kind of feel like Heisenberg from
Breaking Bad when I wear this but I
guess that's more incentive for me to
wear this right and I just went with
these really plain old black platforms
for my shoes opaque stockings can do no
wrong and I love the fact that if you
wear them with black shorts they give
the illusion of pants but it's a lot
more of a slinky err look since they're
a lot thinner than regular old pants for
outerwear I'm wearing this brown
pleather jacket with this hmm first
stool I got on one of my favorite blog
shops and it's kind of like online
thrifting think about it and if Bofur
ain't your thing you can wear the jacket
without it for more of a classic and
demure approach and for my top I'm
wearing this Chris striped button-down
and my bottoms are just my plain old
Goodwill black denim and I went with a
very classic rich red matte lip and I
think they really bring out the red on
my bright red tardies from Jeffrey
Campbell and I haven't worn these
suckers in a while but I'm glad they're
back
if you aren't satisfied with just one
pair of stockings you can always leave
them I've paired my sheer tights with my
thigh highs from American Apparel and
for a jacket and wearing this denim
anorak and I feel like I've already
expressed my diehard love for outer ox a
million times but here I go once again
and also this is the jacket that will be
given away at the end of the video so
stay tuned for the details and for my
shirt I'm wearing this amazing
birthstone tee from or I in theory and
my stone is sapphire if you're wondering
and comment down below and tell me what
your birthstone is I'd love to know
maybe we can use that data to make a
graph or something for my bottoms I
chose to wear this really flowy taupe
skirt from forever 21 that I got years
ago and these are my spiffy black boots
I love the cutout detail in the heel so
they can flash a bit of metal as you're
walking by and I went with a dark vampy
lip and I finished the entire look with
what else a little black beanie
so congratulations you made it towards
the end you're probably wondering what
the giveaway rules are number one you're
going to be a subscriber to this channel
close encounters number two you're going
to like runway band its Facebook page
number three you're going to see a
picture of me wearing that denim a dirac
on their Facebook you're going to like
that photo comment I heart runway
bandits and close encounters to signify
that you're entering and you're going to
share it and lastly you're going to
subscribe to the mailing list and I'll
put that link down in description box
it is a Facebook giveaway so if you
don't have one I suggest you create a
Facebook for the sole purpose of this
giveaway because first off it's free to
create one and second it takes around no
know five minutes to create an account
so if you're not willing to do that then
just enjoy the video for what it is and
exclude the feathers giveaway since
you're my Benz hosting it they're gonna
announce the giveaway on their Facebook
page so thank you so much for watching
if you have an Instagram my is your name
is I'm Jun M so if you want to follow me
cool and I'll see you guys next video
I'll talk to you guys later bye
Oh
