hey guys what's up this weekend I went
to the Haight with my friend Alyssa and
we basically just hit up wasteland and I
went ballistic because it's one of my
favorite stores online and like actual
in stores so the store is divided into
two sections there's one secondhand
section and even you can sell your
clothes there when you're selling your
clothes the most excruciating process
ever cause like you're just watching
them evaluate your clothes and like
determine a price on it
but anyway it's really well picked out
the second section is divided into all
like brand new products so it's stuff
that you would see on like Nasty Gal and
it's brands like mink pink univ style
stalker let's start with the things that
I got secondhand this is the first
jacket I got and I actually saw this tan
blazer at H&M probably last year like
exactly last year and I wanted it so
badly but every H&M I went to didn't
have my size so when I saw this hanging
at the store I was like oh my god they
have the H&M jacket and it was in my
size which is a size two and I freaking
love this coat because it's such a fall
essential because as you can see like I
love neutrals and this is a tan so it's
gonna go with absolutely everything I
love the versatility in this jacket
because I can wear like a white
button-down and look really polished and
clean so I can wear like to like an
interview or I don't know if I just want
if I've liked going to somewhere that's
like semi-professional or something or I
can just like chuck it on over like a
regular you know pattern top and you
know just chill out
I'm so glad I got this and this was only
28 dollars which is cheap for a jacket I
mean sure it's secondhand but it's in
really great condition still the second
item might look familiar but it's
different Shh I know it looks like the
Tsar one that I got like two or three
months ago but this is different because
its first of all it's this vibrant
cerulean blue and I think it's just
gorgeous
I can't wait to wear it with like warm
toned jewelry like bronze or gold
because it's really gonna bring out the
blueness of the top and also the one
night at Zara just fits me kind of big I
mean it's nice what I won't like that
slouch you feel but sometimes I don't
feel like you know looking super frumpy
and believe me I do have those boots oh
I just want to like look like from Queen
I mean this is the same look but it's a
different color and it fits me a lot lot
better I'm always on a hunt for a
statement blazer and I found one it's
more like a demure shade or like a huge
it's black and white and plus the
patterns really unique because it kind
of looks like a speckled pebble
geometric print I don't know if I'm
talking in my butt but that's what it
kind of reminds me of and I love the
versatility of this because it's really
funky because I can just wear it with
like a graphic tee or something or I can
just polish it up by wearing you know a
boy button-down or something and look
really like clean polished but still
having a personality to my look yeah now
we're going to move on to the section
that was just all new products so these
were I guess full price I suppose and
just brand new I picked up this mustard
cardigan and I love that it's a bit
sheer oh as you can see it's like you
toys its share here that way I can wear
as outerwear in the fall where it's not
you know too cold but once that winter
hits here I can just kind of layer it
over it because it's thin enough to just
not put on too much bulk with my coats
this cardigan is really slouchy but I
like how I still maintain my figure with
it and plus it's long enough to cover my
bum which is nice I got the Univ concho
hat but before I get into the fact that
I spent a lot on a hat so I'm going to
be kind of walking you guys along what
my spurgeon ideology is I think working
on pieces that you can think of at least
10 outfits with are worth your money
because that means you're gonna wear all
the time out I mean it for this hat I
can definitely think of way more than 10
outfits either way I love this hat it's
I think it's the perfect fall and winter
hat because I think the diameter of the
brim is the perfect size but it's not
too long where I need it to like cover
the Sun it still has enough shade so you
kind of have like that mysterious look I
guess I don't know and on the Hat
there's a bunch of pendants on it at
which just kind of give it kind of a
Western feel to it and I absolutely love
it
anyway that's the end of my haul I hope
you guys enjoyed it
let me know what you guys thought about
the audio items or if you ever went to
wasteland let me know and tell me what
you
or something if you have an Instagram I
user name is I'm um and if you'd follow
me on there that'd be freaking great
I'll be talking to you guys in my next
video and thanks so much for watching
bye
