hi guys my name is Jen and the premise
of this video is gonna be very simple
there's gonna be four outfits that I
made that are gonna be appropriate for
the fall and that's it and if you wait
to the end of the video there's gonna be
a giveaway okay so for my first outfit I
wanted a style this semi sheer top
that's basically decked out in crosses
and I just love that the crosses are
distributed randomly on this black and
white background I think adds of nice
fresh twist to it and I covered it up
with this cardigan that I picked up at
Goodwill and it's originally from Old
Navy and it's in such great condition I
was pretty shocked and for my bottoms I
wore these true blue denim high-waisted
shorts and I belted it with my new
favorite Navy belt my old trusty belt is
basically disintegrating on my
fingertips so I had to get a new one and
for accessories I went with my olive
Fedora which I'm trying my best not to
smush in my closet I think I need some
hat boxes or something and I threw on
some black thigh-highs because I just
felt like it and I liked the way black
thigh-highs and black platforms look
together because they really elongate
your legs
so urban outfitters was having the sale
online and I thought this headpiece
without having a clue on house and the
stylet and this is the best I came up
with I really like this headpiece
because of the turquoise beading on the
front and I just think it just looks
really elegant and womanly and I just
did a lot of layering action in this
outfit with this light Western pinstripe
button-down and it's this nice inflating
cotton material and has color tips which
is a great touch and I basically just
chucked on a black leather jacket for
even more warmth because underneath I'm
wearing practically nothing I'm wearing
this white crochet dress that lived on
my body in the summer and I wanted to
bring it to the fall and I wore some
spiral tights from American Apparel and
for shoes I just went with my classic
simple staple black suede pumps from
Marshalls warning there's a lot of
triangle action going on this look so
let's start from the top I love this top
for obvious reasons the pattern and
there are really large arm holes on the
side which is perfect because you have
to show off your lace bra lets you guys
are wondering where I bought mine and
this one's from timeless and I know
there's a bunch of furbish 21 flan check
that out and for earrings I decided to
go with these triangle ones from daily
look I thought it'd be really subtle and
I freaking love this cardigan it's
basically one of my fall essentials
because it's maroon and it's a speckled
knit which I freaking love and I just
went with some solid slate color denim
and I finished off my look with my
trusty golden brown dozens
my last look I play with one of my
favorite prints which is plaid and I
love the asymmetry in this top and check
it out
it's got some massive cutouts in the
back which is a nice surprise plus you
can also show off your bra let um and
I'm wearing my acid-wash skinnies to
lighten up my entire ensemble and for
shoes I picked out my cutout wedges to
kind of play along with the cutouts from
the top that I'm wearing and I couldn't
forget headwear so I'm wearing this
beanie which is essentially my safety
blanket and I painted my lips with this
deep berry color called media so MonaVie
is hosting a giveaway on their Facebook
page and I thought I would let you guys
know about it all the MonaVie pieces
that I'm wearing in this video are gonna
be given away to one lucky winner so
that's really exciting because you're
getting pretty much equipped for the
fall so here the real center one you
need to be subscribed to this channel
closing counters number two you're gonna
like mono base Facebook page number
three you're gonna you see a photo
that's relevant to this giveaway and you
like and share that post and that's it
you're in and all the details are gonna
be in description box to check that out
I'm sorry for my energy level it seems a
little bit low it's 8 a.m. in the
morning and today's the first day of
school so I'm just waiting for my bus to
come and expect a lot more videos this
month because I'm finally home now and I
feel good because I feel like I've been
living off a suitcase for like a month
and a half so it's nice to be grounded
and you know just at home I realized
that I'm definitely not a nomad I like
stability
thank you so much for watching and I'll
talk to you guys later bye
