hey guys it's Jen again
I'm your new york that here from York
Fashion Week she took us that means so
it's a million funding same time it's
really fun doing it here which is 20
different west coast but I feel yeah I
picked out option with three so thank
you for commenting and voting on this
because I don't know it was my favorites
today is gonna consist of Charlotte
Ronson who's my favorite dividers and
then we're gonna see Rebecca Minkoff so
we're gonna seem to chain me up I
believe they're doing summer
so I guess
when in the distant future
Oh
shaolin's show was so packed I spotted a
bunch of celebrities like Kimora Lee
Simmons Paris Hilton and Cory Kennedy
but anyway I digress
back to the trends there was a mix of
light hues like whites and grays mixed
with splashes of greens blues and bright
reds and one trend that really caught my
eye was this bizarre translucent plastic
bomber jacket and it came in a bunch of
colors and I loved the fact that it was
mixing it with such a archaic trend with
something so modern now and I was really
happy to see leather on the runway and
undergarments as tops and I believe this
was my favorite outfit of the entire
show I love love the jacket if I could
it's shoe in the back and I can just
grab it from the runway and wear it to
real life and the reason why I love
Charlotte Ronson is because she's
there's so many dimensions to her she
makes looks that are really classic
really grungy in it edgy and really
refined and polished basically she has
everything covered under her umbrella
and I love her
Oh
I was really thrilled to see horrific I
mean cough because it was a familiar
name that I heard but I've never
actually seen ever work and I really
have the music it was a DJ set combined
with the band tennis which was amazing
and one trend that was over and over was
white it came in dresses jackets
everything and if it wasn't by itself it
was combined with really bold patterns
whether it was on pants jackets and so
basically I just took a bunch of whites
and patterns for a reckoning
