hi guys I'm Jen and I don't know about
you guys but I love rocking leather
year-round because I think if I'm
wearing something really feminine and
girly and I just feel a little bit too
like I know proper I guess I just like
to toughen it up with something that's
leather in this video and be selling
this white cream leather vest in three
different ways and if you stay tuned
there's going to be a giveaway at the
end of the video okay all right image
the first outfit and I'm be talking
about the leather vest for a bit I'm
loving the studs on the lapels I think
it's a great little detail I think the
chunky zipper is a really cool touch and
I'm really digging that and I decided to
pair it with my little jaguar top I love
love the collar I just think it's a
really fancy detail and I just think
looks really sick and to kind of fall
along with spotted theme I paired it
with my leopard shorts and they're
really breezy and I don't know it's
really perfect for the summer I went
with some gold jewelry to match with the
hardware on the collar and I don't know
I just think it just ties in really
nicely and for my lips I'm with a nice
raspberry color
so my second outfit is more of my edgy
tough bad gal outfit and I think the
vest works really well with my cramps t
if you don't know the cramps are it's
amazing punk band that was forming the
late 70s so check about I got the
studying on the shirt but really well
with studying on the vesta just thought
I don't know it just kind of cute too
kind of correlate them both to soften up
the entire look I went with something
very girly which are these lace tiered
shorts I just think it adds a nice
feminine touch to my look but not too
girly girl and for jewelry I kind of
went with more of an eclectic mix I went
with this skull turquoise bracelet along
with this silver bracelet and for I
don't know more accessories on the
bottom i went with these sheer socks and
i really like the thick band on the knee
and for shoes i want something very
basic which are these little ankle
booties from shuman and for my hat of
course owned by beanie because it kind
of crunch it up the entire look
so this is my last outfit I thought it'd
be perfect to tie it up with this
awesome trip from to go and it says Zion
on it which is funny because matrix is
with my favorite movies while growing up
in Zion was the last human civilization
in the dystopia and I don't know I just
don't be clear up it and for shorts I
paired it with these fancy houndstooth
shorts from american apparel i wanted to
go for more of a warmer type jewelry so
i was one minimal fox ring and for shoes
I with my Dean juries because I said
this a million times but they're my
favorite platforms at the moment and
since there wasn't that much color going
on with my outfit I've just brought that
to my lips with this bright red lipstick
cool unit to that in the video and I
just wanted to say that pixie market is
doing a giveaway on a gift card and so
here are the rules one you should be a
subscriber to close encounters I don't
know I just think that's like the most
basic role to you have to like their
facebook page and the links will be down
the description bar 30 you to enter the
contest via the tab in Pixie markets
facebook so so you can kind just rush
over there and see what that's kind of
about if you want to know more detail
about the contest just pop it over to
description box and you'll see all the
details there if you have any questions
for me please write them to my Twitter
account which is I'm genom if you have
Instagram I don't know you can follow me
there too and where username is I'm Jen
I'm over there too I hope you guys liked
the video and I will talk to you guys
very soon hopefully ok bye
