hi I'm Jenna and I'm doing my first
favorites video for the month of July so
let's just dip into it before I feel all
weird of validated I've been using this
primer for around two months now so it's
a favorite of June and July and it's the
NARS multi protect primer and I freaking
love it it keeps my foundation on all
day I've always felt kind of strange
putting sunscreen on my body on my face
I don't know why I'm pretty sure it
works just fine but I felt I felt
compelled to find a sunscreen that would
go on my face so I splurged I think it
was around $35 which is kind of a lot
for a beauty product but I've been using
it for two months and there's still
quite a bit of product on it yeah and
the fragrance is so nice I really like
it moving on to lip colors I've been
totally feeling these NYX extreme lip
creams why I've been on this desperate
hunt to find a pinky shade that looked
kind of decent on me and this is in the
shade nude peach fuzz I've always wanted
to do that look where you have a really
heavy black smokey eye and then putting
a really muted out pink color on your
lips and I think this is it guys the
next shade that I'm really loving is
called pinky nude and I think the name
is quite misleading because it's cut it
comes off more of a bright raspberry
nothing like nude at all I think it's a
really fun color for the summer
especially if you want to have a bright
lip that's not red or coral on raspberry
is really cute I think the color payoff
on these two are fantastic especially
because they're kind of like a lip gloss
but not really and they dry kind of
match so I don't know it's just up in
the air I think the packaging says a
best it says it's not lipstick nor is it
gloss it's like nothing you've never
experienced before it's kind of dramatic
but it's kind of true because I was
tripping out about it for a bit NYX lip
creams get an A in my book I'm going to
delve into a gift that my mama gave me
when I was back in SoCal and it's this
adorable peach hand lotion I'm packaging
it says peachy into the aging Hindu
cream apparently it's a peach anti-aging
hand
I don't know I feel I feel like I'm
treating because I know a few of you
guys have been wondering what my Korean
sounds like so I guess that kind of
counts even though it's just saying
things in English the packaging kinda
looks like a really weird gradient
nipple but it's not it's actually a
peach and I think this smell just
possesses my mind it's just oh my god
it's all so good it smells like peach
heichou like the Japanese candy oh my
god I've never really been into floral
or kind of like that musky scent I've
been kind of just I don't feel kind of
juvenile for saying that I really like
fruity scents but that's who I am so
thank you mom for getting me this I miss
you I love you I'm going to be switching
off to a clothing article that I've been
really feeling this month and it is my
cream cardigan I love the fact that I
can throw this on over absolutely
anything in the summer and it just kind
of works because it's really breathable
it's this awesome kind of waffle knit
but it's not too heavy and it just
matches with everything and I'm thrilled
that this is part of my wardrobe now
because it's gonna translate so well for
the fall because this is such a key
layering piece and a piece on its own so
ace purchase thanks good well now moving
on to a film that I watched I want to
recommend a holy mountain but I do have
disclaimer
do not watch it if you have a weak
stomach it's quite gory and it's quite
disturbing actually it's very disturbing
but I think the message of the film is
really thought-provoking I definitely
find up to my top three favorite movies
have you ever thought about losing
yourself and becoming a collective or
you've kind of questioned what reality
is whether we're just a projection of
images you know I think it might be for
you plus if you're not even into all
that weird stuff just the way it's
filmed is so aesthetically pleasing if
you pause the movie at any given second
it would be like the most amazing
screensaver for your phone or for like
your laptop or something just every
second is a work of art it's so insane I
commend the art director and everyone
who was a part of kind of designing the
whole set because it was absolutely
breathtaking and it's it's just right
down my alley it's just everything that
I love and it was filled into 70s so the
it's pretty ace it's kind of funny to
see their interpretation of the future
it's quite disturbing the images that
you're gonna see so yeah just a heads up
so don't hate me if you have nightmares
about it because I warned you don't say
I did it okay if you guys like this I
might do favorites for the month of
August so let me know if you're into it
if you guys have any questions for me
you guys can direct them to my Twitter
which is I'm Jen M if you have an
Instagram I'd love to see you on there
too and my username is I'm Jayden over
there as well please let me know what
your favorites are this month because I
would love to hear it because I I'm
willing to try and different products
out because I didn't really get into
beauty probably until this year so my
minds really open about it and I feel
like I'm gaining a beauty repertoire in
my head so yeah I just love to build it
so I'm still leaving at that I'll talk
to you guys later I hope you are all
having a fantastic week
