Hey happy Friday 13 it's gonna be
nightfall soon and right now we're going
to the lack most jazz night and I'm with
my friends
Melissa Brianne Alison Rebecca David and
we're on the girl to go and you know
hang out with the weekend and let's hope
nothing unlucky happens and there's a
levitating mass there and everyone has
seen it and I have it so I'm really
excited to see it
okay I love being back at home because
I'm discovering all these clothes that I
left on my parents house and this top is
an example I totally forgot that I had
this and I'm so glad I found it I
thought it went really well with this
body con floral skirt and I'm pairing it
with something a little bit more modern
like a recent purchase which is this hat
it was on sale on the Urban Outfitters
website and there's a silver lining
around my hat so I went with a bunch of
silver toned accessories but I did skimp
on the rings because when you all are
rings washing your hands can be kind of
a pain to take them all off and stuff
and I'm just wearing my DeAndre's I'm
obsessed still
