hi I'm Jen it's summertime it's hot and
we're all almost out of school just one
more week and it's freedom so in the
spirit of this hot key I decided to
create some summer daytime looks as well
as some summer night templates so I hope
you guys get some ideas from it one
material that I always find myself
gravitating towards is mesh and
especially on those really hot summer
days where you just want to go topless
well this kind of allows you to do that
without being extremely indecent I think
that it's a really crisp and fresh look
for the summer time and because of the
dots on the top I thought I would
translate them into actual dots and I
think that the light wash of the denim
shorts just really complements the white
top really really well I mean for a
lipstick I wear none because I wanted to
go really fuss free and just natural I
guess and for necklaces I went with one
statement necklace and I wore two rings
on my finger and I just piled on some
silver bracelets that I had lying around
and for shoes I wore these cork tardies
because they were on sale at Urban
Outfitters and I couldn't resist
I don't think any summer would be
complete without a floral dress and the
reason why I love this floor dress is
because it's asymmetrical and you get to
show off a bit of your shoulder which i
think is nice because it's sexy without
being extremely vulgar and I think
that's a really kind of feminine part of
the body and I wore a huge hat to cover
my face from the Sun and I went with
these nude Gerdes and yes the cheetah
size extremely comfortable and I love
them
stripes are such a timeless pattern so
it makes sense that they're gonna be
translate in the summer right so I love
this dress because I really like the
form of it the silhouette and the fact
that it's mesh on top and I think it's
just a really cool fresh look for the
summer and for jewelry I went with all
gold tones and so I went with this
really chunky chain bracelet on my wrist
and I went with these really dainty
little X's that I thrifted
on the community through store on
Valencia in San Francisco and I went
with a really bright bold lip and just
tied all my hair up out of my face cuz
it was so hot and for shoes I went with
my cork tardies I love them to death
they're so comfortable and I think it's
an interesting pattern so now we're
gonna switch off into the nighttime
outfits I think that the Blazer is one
of the most perfect lightweight jackets
especially on those summer nights for
accessories I only went with one pin and
that's my David Bowie pin and I didn't
mean to be upside down but I thought the
end result looked kind of cool and for
my top I went with a lace one because I
think lace axe is totally like a neutral
it just offsets anything and I went with
my classic denim shorts that I hacked
off and they're one of my favorite pairs
because I really like the button details
and for a hat I went with the beret cuz
I wanted to kind of like that collegiate
feel and I went with a really nice pinky
lift and
shoes I went with my mary-jane pumps if
you don't know I really like anoraks
and I'm kind of sad that it's too hot to
wear one now so now I'm wearing an
Anurag vest and what I really like about
this one is the fact that there is sheer
on the sides and I thought that was
something I've never seen before and I
think it's really cool and for a top I
went with a striped turtleneck because I
think it looks really flattering and I
was my disco pants because they're just
kind of like the boogie pant of the
night you know it just really shiny and
really fun to wear for accessories I
went with these shandler earrings I
believe they're on sale at Urban
Outfitters for $4 I'll put a link down
below cuz I'm pretty sure there's still
there I'm wearing the same pinky lip on
my lips and for jewelry I went with a
spiked bracelet and a tripped out
yin-yang watch so I got as a gift and
because I have a lot of look going on I
went with just a classic suede Punk
maxi dresses are perfect for any season
especially for the summertime because
you can wear maxi dresses with a slit of
the leg and these are for the girls who
kind of want to show off their legs with
a nighttime and not want to be
completely covered up I went with a
silver choker because sometimes when
things are hanging around my neck I just
get really sweaty so I wanted to keep it
really really simple and clean and I
went kind of all out on my bracelets as
usual and I just think that they add a
nice funky feel and because everything
is kind of silver toned I went with my
raids because I love the silver band on
the bottom I think it adds a nice touch
and just kind of completes the look I
went with a dark berry lip because it's
the nighttime and it's fun to play
around with dark colors
so I save leopard for less because I'm
not gonna lie laughs or here's one of my
favorite patterns of all time and I love
these shorts because of the pockets
pockets will change your life man you
can stuff everything in there I love not
carrying a person just stuffing
everything in my pockets and for my top
I went with a bustier and honestly if a
bustier is a little bit too risque for
you
just tie it in with a cardigan because
the cardigan will just kind of cover you
up and this is a great cardigan because
it's here and it's striped how cool is
that for jewelry I went with pretty a
minimal look I went with just a gold
shiny choker and what Knight is not
complete without a bright red lip so
that's why I decided to go with it's
just this really fun red color from
Revlon and for shoes I just went with
these ankle booties because of timeless
I'm really easy to wear
if you have any questions for me you can
direct them to my Twitter which is I'm
genom and if you're curious to see my
life in pixels then you can follow my
Instagram which is also I'm Jenna I'll
talk to you guys later bye
