hey guys it's Jen I have a DIY for you
guys and not gonna lie I feel a little
guilty filming it because it's so
freakin easy it's the 90s not and if
you're not sure what the 90s thought is
it's basically when I get a shirt or a
sweater and I just tie it into a knot
and it becomes an instant crop top it's
really good for you guys who are ready
to commit to cutting a shirt and hacking
it off because once you've cut it off
there's really no going back but the 90
is not glad to be able to kind of show
off your high waisted things the only
thing you need is a shirt that is the
perfect length I guess it can't be too
short or else game over it's not going
to work it's just physically impossible
to tie something in a knot that's too
short it's too long and we tied to a
knot it's gonna have too much fabric and
it might look kind of strange so the
only way you can really find out is you
testing on random fabrics and seeing
what works for you okay so once you've
found your perfect t-shirt flush top you
can get started you're going to want to
gather all the fabric from the end and
just make it into all one piece then
you're just going to essentially make a
knot it's really easy just get it and
loop it in itself and then put the tip
inside the opening and just gently
fasten and voila you're done it's really
simple I kind of feel bad recording this
but hey and this is another replay for
those who are too lazy to rewind see you
just put the ending inside the opening
and that's it that's the end of the
tutorial
but I do have one warning for you guys
when you're fastening please do not pull
too tightly if you pull too tightly
you're going to get something that looks
like this and you don't want this look
it looks like a sad flaccid member and
that's not a look that you want for this
summer or ever so keep it loose
alright and this is how I styled my toke
tank that I turned into a 90s not with
four accessories I just piled on silver
and gold necklaces because I think it
adds a cool funky feel to it and I went
with my trusty old denim shorts that I
loved to death and over the top I went
with this really flowy Paisley shawl and
because it was extremely sunny outside
and I forgot my sunglasses that day I
went with this Olive Fedora that I got
it for over 21 and for shoes I decided
to pair everything with my Desmond's I
love the color and like suede very much
so hope you guys found this tutorial
helpful I hope you guys rock it in the
summer and if you guys have any
questions for me you can direct them to
my Twitter which is I'm Jenna and if you
happen to have Instagram my username is
also unheard him over there so that's
pretty much it I hope you guys are doing
well and I'll talk to you guys very soon
hopefully
you
