it's Jen and we're talking about leather
today and pause all this leather that
I'm wearing is pleather and that means
it's synthetic I know it's hard to kind
of pair up with leather especially if
you don't want to go for that S&M
bondage look unless you're going for
that look then feel free to wear it
however you want in this video I'm going
to show you guys how I like to style
leather I think one of the best ways to
wear leather is when they're in small
little increments and scattered
everywhere
so in this outfit I wore this top and I
really loved the fact that both the
pockets are this cute little leather
accent and not to mention it's on the
collar too so it's gonna be great for
layering under sweaters and it's also on
the cuff so for bottoms I decided to go
with these pattern shorts that I got
over the weekend and they're really soft
and comfortable for accessories I went
along with this red string bracelet
because I wanted to add a bit of color
I thought red was gonna be unexpected
and fresh and it's a magnetic clip so
it's really easy to put on for shoes I
went with these ankle booties and these
were actually on sale for $60 and 60
bucks for Jeffrey Campbell's is a crazy
big deal for me so I'll put the link
down below and for lipstick I got this
really cute peach colored lipstick from
Mac and it's one of my favorite
lipsticks
let's move on Talbot number two this is
definitely something on we're out in the
city or out with my girls and I know if
that leather on top can come off a
little bit S&M II but I thought that
this white blazer kind of added a
structure to it and toned it down and I
love the fact that it has a strong
shoulder without making me look like I'm
a linebacker or something and this
leather bustier I got at a sauce on sale
and I think it's great and went really
well with my disco pants which I think
is the epitome of a night pant shiny
it's fun and these ankle boots are easy
to go from day to night
let's talk about closet essentials I
think a leather jacket is a must have in
your closet this is what the elf it
looks like without it and it looks
really feminine girly but I think that
the leather jacket just adds the perfect
amount of edge I don't know how many
times I've wore pink but I thought hey
the weather is warming up so why not and
obviously I was attracted to this top
because of the cutouts and I thought the
leather jacket brought a lot to the
table because I don't know it just makes
it a lot more edgy and more trendy and I
bought this jacket around four years ago
it was definitely a splurge it was over
$100 but I still wear it on a day-to-day
basis so I'm getting my money's worth
out of it for parents I am wearing these
cute little red trousers and I thought
they would class really well with the
pink because they're from the same color
family but they're too very I don't know
distinct colors and the belt kind of
segments them all together I went with
the same old lipstick I've been wearing
in this entire video on for shoes
because there was a lot going on I just
went with my Gerdes I think there hasn't
been a single video where I'm not
wearing this these ever since I got them
they're so comfortable with true to size
and totally worth it
and last but not least you can
definitely wear leather on the bottom I
decided to go with these shorts because
really hot and I because I really wanted
to wear this cute sweater I'm obsessed
with the color it's this awesome mint
color and I think it just goes really
well with silver jewelry but maybe I'm
just biased because I freaking love
silver jewelry and I wore this really
edgy kind of funky French necklace from
forever 21 and I layered it on top of my
triangle necklace and to match my
triangle necklace I wore this triangle
ring and I'm a size six in a ring on my
wrist I have a silver braid cuff and I
thought it was really unique because
I've never seen anything like this
before I love how you can switch it
around so it just looks like you're
stacking a bunch of simple braided
bracelets together and these shorts have
been so loyal to me they have been
popping up every time the weather gets
warm I think they're perfect and I've
never been a fan of gladiator shoes but
when I saw these I fell in love I think
it's the perfect mix between gladiator
meets industrial Punk queen I guess I
like the kind of thick Hardware on it I
think it's gonna be a summer staple shoe
hope you guys I should get a few good
ideas out of it you have any questions
for me you can drift them to my twitter
which is i'm jen m if you want to look
at my life through pixels on your phone
you can follow me on my Instagram and my
username is I'm going there too
I think that's pretty much it I will
talk to you guys later have a safe
weekend
