hey guys it's Jen and today I wanted to
show you guys one of my favorite spring
trends which is pastels and I think
they're totally gonna carry on over to
the summer because they're just really
light and airy and fun for warm weather
and so I'm gonna show you guys how I
sell them okay so the first topic we're
and talk about is shear pastels and you
don't have to wear an opaque pastel I
wanted to point that out for this outfit
I decided to wear my gray Fedora because
I don't feel right leaving the house
without a hat is that weird
I don't know well for this top I picked
out a share button down from goodnight
macaroon and I decided to spice up the
collars with some collar tips that
Nishita from nia says gifted me and I
wore it with some really loud printed
pants because I wanted to add some
pizzazz my outfit and this material is
insanely soft I feel like I'm wearing
pajama bottoms and to give it to make it
more put together
I've threw on a Navy belt that I got at
a thrift store and for shoes so with my
gerdes cuz there's no neutral
comfortable and they're suede pastel
pink is quickly becoming one of my
favorite colors which is strange for me
because I never thought I'd be the
person who enjoyed pink Temescal as my
outfit I went with my bowler hat and
back to the Blazer it's great because
it's double-breasted it has the black
lapels on the front which is a nice
touch and underneath I wore just a plain
ol sheer button-down every girl needs
one it's the summer essential and I'm
really enjoying this one because it's so
flowy and makes me feel really luxurious
and to give it a bit more edge I wore
these reptile shorts and these actually
used to be crazy bell-bottoms by just
hack them into shorts and for shoes I
went with something really neutral like
my sweet heels
I wanted to mention that you can always
mix pastels because one it is kind of
falling along with the whole color
blocking trend and - I kind of have
trouble
color blocking outfits so when I saw
this blazer I thought it was perfect
because when you cuff up the sleeves the
lining is this really beautiful peach
color and it just adds the perfect pop
of color and because this blazer has
silver hardware I decided to go and play
along with it and pair it with this
really elegant silver choker and for my
top I just went with a mesh top because
it's one of my basics if I don't know
what to wear on top I'll just throw on
something white lace or mesh and for my
skirt if you couldn't tell this is my
favorite one at the moment it's a
pleather skirt from H&M and I decided to
go with thigh highs because I don't know
I think it's really cool and sensual
without being too overbearing and
overtly sexual I guess I just wanted to
address questions like how tall am I
what's my major in school where Sarah
all that information is in the front
page of our channel if you look on the
right-hand side there's a section called
frequently asked questions and that's
where all your answers will be answered
if you want to follow me on Twitter or
Instagram I post outfits of the days and
stuff like that and my username is I'm
Jenna hope you guys have a great weekend
stay safe don't do anything stupid I'll
talk to you guys later bye
