hi guys it's Jen and today I'm doing a
video with Joyce calm and we're going to
be showing you our favorite patterns and
prints for spring so let's just get into
the outfits so the first pattern I'm
gonna call tie-dye because I don't
really see it as an Aztec pattern it's a
little bit too splotchy
and so I wear my big brown hat to kind
of masculine eyes my little dress and I
really like it because it's just a
really easy thing to slip in and out of
it's a no transition perfectly for the
summer because it's a really lightweight
material and because it's too bold
pattern I decided to just wear it as
himself and I added a belt to kind of
cinch my waist and so I can still
maintain my figure for my shoes when in
doubt I just wear my nude beretta
docevida wedges and they are insanely
comfortable I can walk in them for hours
I thought they would be pretty for this
dress
I know some of you guys are thinking
that plot is strictly forbidden for the
winter in the fall but I think you wear
plaid year-round especially in the
spring as long as you wear it with
something really bright and something to
offset the plaid mists and in my case
I'm wearing this really lightweight
yellow top perfect for the spring and I
like the way contrasts from bright
colors on my shorts the green and the
red and I decided to kind of neutralize
a bit with my black beanie my new black
beanie and I also wear my thigh-highs
because I felt like my legs were a
little bit too exposed and I also like
the way the eyes elongate your legs
especially when you're wearing a black
neutral shoe on your knee spots are a
really easy pattern to work with because
I think we're all pretty comfortable
with this pattern so I thought I'd
incorporate it into my favorite spring
patterns and I wore no lipstick because
this is the kind of outfit I would
probably wear to school it gets too hot
I would just take off my cardigan and
just wear it like this just really
simple and hassle-free one of my
favorite things about this shirt is
because it's asymmetrical which means
it's longer in the back than it is in
the front and you can tuck it in the
front to give it more of a dramatic line
and I really like pairing patterns with
a pop of color and so in my case I
decided to add some teal jeans to my
outfit and for shoes I just wore my
really comfortable Lita's
all right moving on to tapestry this
cutter runs me up the carpet that's in
my living room at my parents house and
that's why I really like it but set a
parent with a turban from asos because I
just really would really love head
accessories and back to this I got this
out out of the closet and I just really
like the pattern and texture of it I
think it's really interesting to look at
and really fresh for spring excited to
wear it with a sheer top to kind of
neutralize the tapestry and I really
like the lace backing of it and the
cutouts are a really great detail and
also asymmetrical which is awesome
decided to wear my classic disco pants
because they're really hassle-free and
just easy to slip in and out of and I
just wore my suede heels from Marshalls
I decided to save my favorite patent for
last which is no surprise Leopard and
for accessories I wore some spiked hoops
on my ears which are kind of out of
character for me but I thought they were
really cute to add with this outfit I
wore it with a leather jacket with some
DIY studs and I added some pins that I
picked up from the Pasadena flea market
and I just think they're really funny
quirky with the studs I'm not really
sure what attracts me so much to leopard
print but it is what it is and I decided
to not wear a belt with this because I
just wanted more of a free-flowing kind
of bohemian feel to it and if you liked
any of the pieces from join us feel free
to click on the overlays or there'll
also be linked in the description box if
you guys have any questions for anything
that you guys can ask me on Twitter my
username is I'm joinin or if you want to
look at my life in pixels
you can follow me on instagram and
your name is also I'm gonna there's this
flu that's been going around and it's
just this crazy flu that lasts for um
two weeks so I've been sick for a really
long time which explains the sniffles
stay safe don't drink your friends
drinks
