hi everyone my name is Jen and it's been
raining for three days and it's gonna
continue to rain till the weekend so I
thought I'd film a video and even though
it's not about fashion it's gonna be
about nails so I'm picking out six of my
favourite nail polishes for spring so
let's just bang them out right now and
we start off with the most boring color
it is by Urban Outfitters and it is
called hangover before you think whoa
Jen is from Urban Outfitters it must
mean it's really expensive no well first
of all I got this for a dollar on sale
if you buy two nail washes there are
eight bucks so it's equivalent to one
Essie nail plush if you're from the US
it is my favorite nude for the spring
because it just looks really fresh clean
and doesn't make it like you have really
creepy mannequin nails it's almost like
a light orange pastel color the next
color are you talking about is a
lavender or a lavender color and it is
called crowded by Urban Outfitters and
it looks it looks a little bit
periwinkle and some lights which I kind
of enjoy because it's kind of like it's
kind of like having two polishes in one
neons are really trending this season I
have this really bright fuchsia and neon
color and if you don't think neons your
color just splash it on your nails
because it's really temporary it just
allows you to play with a trend if
you're kind of scared with it and
experiment and see if you like it and I
really like this because when I wear
something really dark or a heavy this
polish just kind of kind of makes it
more casual and fun moving on to more
neons Milani has a neon collection and
so I have this color called awesome
orange and it claims it's neon but it's
not it's mostly a bright cantering color
on your nails and even though it's not
neon I still enjoy it on my nails
tangerine is apparently one of spring
strands so again like the future you can
just kind of incorporate onto your nails
if you want to experiment with it if you
guys have seen my winter nail polish
video you guys this is a
time you'll be seeing this and it is
avocado by forever 21 it's kind of
bringing the season outside onto your
nails as cheesy as that sounds but come
on pastel greens are so pretty and it is
280 it's really cheap you can't go wrong
with it and I'm wearing it right now and
I think it's just a really fresh color
it's a fresh a lot but that's what I
think spring is so that's my explanation
on that my last color is going to be
another Urban Outfitters polish and it
is called bar stool and it is a dusty
blue color not necessarily pastel it I
thought it was gonna be passed on so I
bought it but it ended up just being
this really dusty blue I can't describe
it blue nails and silver jewelry looks
awesome together it's it's one of my
favorite mixes and that wraps it up six
of them we did it guys hand all the
links to all my other various social
networking sites will be down below
everything I'm wearing in this video
right now like what I'm wearing right
now is gonna be on the description box
so if you like what you see and kind of
open that if you're in the UC system
good luck on finals it's next week I
know I'm gonna meet the luck I hope you
guys take care of yourselves I think
it's time to say goodbye and I will see
you guys soon hopefully
