hey it's Jen today I'm gonna be teaching
you guys how you can bring glam rock
into your life today and this isn't
gonna be a step-by-step tutorial on how
to look exactly like you came out of a
time machine from the early 70s it's
gonna be more just taking inspiration
pieces that I thought were really cool
and incorporating them into my everyday
wear and if you don't know what glam
rock is it's it's a music genre but it's
also a fashion statement because they
look so distinct you know they had a
they had a very distinct look
they were also changing perspectives on
gender roles - and I thought that was
really I don't know ahead and I thought
I filmed a tutorial on it because
subsequently I have a lot of the pieces
in my closet already so you know it just
worked
the guys couldn't tell I was really
windy that day so let's move on to
jewelry
I wore my fringe necklace to kind of
compliment that metallic accents to my
outfit and I think a lace top is the
most essential top in my wardrobe
because it just neutralizes any outfit
it goes with everything I was going for
a cream cobalt metallic theme so I tied
it with my ivory coat and here are hot
shorts I love high-waisted anything so
this was no exception to this outfit
plus they were really big in the 70s and
here is where the metallics part of my
outfit kicks in basically my entire
bottom half is just strictly sparkles
and anything that kind of glows
here are my JC stingers that I have been
wearing like crazy they're my essentials
for a flat so there they are they give
me so much height too
I decided to go balls to the walls with
this outfit I'm wearing this faux fur
leopard coat from daily look and it
provides so much warmth and it's really
statement and I know it clashes against
this gold sequined dress but I really
like the way it looks because it the
whole era was just mixing and matching
I mean matching just mixing fabrics and
just creating kind of a cluster pile of
different materials and platforms are
the perfect elevator shoe to give you
height to give you that 70's look and to
look quite modern day as well
stars is such a quirky and youthful
pattern so I decided to throw them on my
ears
and these Clark tips were gifted from
Nishita so thank you so much and expect
your care package within I don't know a
month I promise I'm reworking the entire
thing and it'll be good I promise
anyway I'm wearing a top by evil twin
and I've been getting a lot of questions
on my disco pants so I'm gonna just fill
them all right now I'm wearing a size
small and yes they're really comfortable
I've washed them
I don't know multiple times they're
doing just fine I do the Machine cold
cycle and okay now to my platforms I
decided to do a pop of color with red
because the rest of my outfit is quite
neutral
I promise I'll have a room tour by the
end of March I'm reading your comments
and it's just I don't know when your
quarters killing me you guys so I'm
studying a lot more but I promise I'll
film the room tour once it's done so let
me get some last few touches in my room
I'm looking around and I'm not liking
what I'm saying fully but I promise you
guys end of March don't worry guys I got
your back I'll talk to you guys later
and I hope you guys enjoyed this video
and I don't know take care bye
