hey everyone I'm John today's episode's
going to be focusing on polka-dots and I
think they're one of the most timeless
patterns because you've seen them on
your mom seemed under grandma and you
see them on us today so I thought I
would show you how I style them and I
kind of incorporated some tips and
tricks that I kind of follow as
guidelines for when I wear polka-dots
but remember fashion has no rules it's
about expression so where would you feel
like and if you don't like something
modify it so you do like it
I decided to wear a pattern top I always
make sure that my bottoms are a little
bit more neutral and just a silhouette
that I'm really familiar with and so in
this case I'm wearing black trousers but
you can wear if you repair skinnies
shorts a skirt whatever works for you
man anything forever21 is kind of in on
their game lately this is just a
phenomenal jacket with amazing sleeves I
love them and I paired it with a peach
dot blouse with cutouts on the shoulder
to give it more of a feminine feel and
I've been really liking stacking my
rings just really basic bands and
pairing it with some kind of interesting
statement ring to add with the
simplistic jewelry I added this Buddha
charm bracelet from the Etsy shop cocoa
and toast and I think it has just the
perfect amount of delicateness because
of the thin gold chain and enough
statement with the Buddha head and
because I love accessorizing I decided
to wrap a gold choker on my neck to just
I don't know play around with more gold
hints on my outfit and for shoes I
decided to keep it super neutral by
pairing it with these platform slashed
wedge hybrid and if you're short wear
new shoes girls because they'll make you
look tall I swear
just because polka-dots are already
allowed pattern on its own it doesn't
mean that you can't play around or
experiment with color in this case I'm
wearing this bright teal green polka dot
dress and I paired it with my black
shawl cardigan to neutralize the color
and its loudness and the great thing
about dresses is that you can actually
wear them as a top so you can change
your daytime look to kind of a nighttime
look or vice versa and to make this look
more casual in my opinion I added a grey
beanie to I don't know a grieving he
just makes everything super casual and
I'm looking for a black one again
because mine died in a bonfire and I was
drawn to this dress because of the peter
pan collar and I basically just tucked
all that fabric into my high-waisted
black denim and that belt was also from
Goodwill and I rolled down my thigh
highs - I don't know give a kind of a
flirty look I think it's fun and I just
wear my platforms
in this outfit I just got the edges of
the shirt and I made it into a 90s knot
or that's what means I used to call it
but it's coming back because the weather
is getting warmer for outerwear I wore
this denim studded jacket that I did
over the weekend and coincidentally
Beauty crush Sammy made a video on how
to do this so watch your tutorial if
wanna do this to your own denim jacket
she makes it really easy and simple hi
Sammy for watching and I just decorated
it with some pins that I got from eBay
and for accessories just simple silver
bands on all three fingers and I really
like the way my white ass wash skinnies
look with my JC creepers so I thought it
would be a combo that I would continue
on with this outfit and in case it's too
cold you can always layer it just it
those layers really work especially when
it's windy quick announcement I'm going
to severely reduce the questions that I
have some forms ring because it's
getting kind of ridiculous I'm answering
the same questions over and over again
so I thought I'd just answer them on
Twitter my Twitter username is I'm Joan
M and the link should be up there and
down there and probably here if you want
to my Instagram the link is down there
it's the same username which is I'm
Jenna so I hope to see you on my various
social networking sites now and I'll try
to be more reachable because form
stirring wasn't really working for me it
wasn't very effective in the fact that
you couldn't tell my answer to question
which sucked it'd be nice not to answer
to just anonymous questions I want to
see your face and I see your username
and see what kind of about okay I will
talk to you guys there this is a really
long goodbye bye
you
