i meani and I'm a DJ ID day and like the
downtown area and downtown LA and
Hollywood I'm probably I was always
music oriented like I was always
interested in me it's gonna really loved
it I don't think I ever would have
started DJing just like out of the blue
it was never an ambition of mine like oh
I feel like I want to be a DJ today like
my brother he was in a band for a long
time and then he became a DJ and he
bought us that turntables for the house
and you know not everyone has like a set
of turntables in the house and then I
figured that I might as well utilize it
there and then so I learned and then we
just started doing together and then I
wasn't bad so then as I'm doing more and
then that's when it started I really
loved it and trained it to me be doing
today I guess something that pops up on
my radar recently was Azealia Banks
she's like a new girl rapper and she's
something like New York she's like 20 or
something but it's amazing like her
songs are really catchy but she's also
like she can ride like she can spit
really well I guess the biggest thing
would be knit I love this and that's
just like every year for went to them
neutral is anything neutral you can't go
wrong future because we prepare with any
other color striped shirts like a black
and white striped shirt or black and
white striped turtleneck I think it's
really classic because it'll never go
out of style like people have been
wearing it since like the 60s and 40s
and that you know no I don't know was
far back from 20th place I recommend is
sage because they are delicious and
every time that I go down to Echo Park
whatever I always have to go to sage
because they are a vegan restaurant so
everything there is just like you know
you're not made with me and I'm assuming
it's healthy for you I hope so just got
a Kindle Fire for Christmas but they
can't fire this really it's really
awesome Simon Says possessing I'm like
getting asked for it and like cases and
like styluses and like I don't know it's
like pretty key keys
