hey guys it's Jen today I'll be doing a
video about school outfits geared
towards the wintertime and so it's going
to be about layering bundling up I try
to stick to as many flats that I have
but just putting it out there I do wear
platforms to school because my target
especially are ridiculously comfortable
it's like walking on air guys I'm
totally addicted to gold chokers
so here's another one that I got at firm
21 recently and I wore my long-sleeved
striped top and you can wear a leotard
underneath for even extra warmth and I
love white coats for the winter I just
think it screams chic and fresh and it
just adds a little bit of brightness to
the winter and with this coat it comes
with a detachable hood slash scarf thing
and there's the hood and it's just
really good for rainy days and
underneath my disco pants I wore some
opaque tights I didn't want to show you
guys without being indecent so I didn't
and here are some Lisa boots that I got
from write and relevant and they're just
great for stomping around in Bad News
Bears my black beanie died a week ago so
I bought this gray one instead to
replace it and this is my new backpack
that I've been using lately and it's a
buckled leather backpack and I love it
because it has a mini little pocket that
I can stuff my phone in and it's good
quality look I look at the extreme
close-up of this um there stand because
I went to a bonfire with this and it's
become my new purse actually here's my
unfinished studded jacket which I
promised to myself that I was going to
finish this weekend and I basically
layered it under this denim vest and I
used to never wear a vest but they
actually provide a substantial amount of
warmth so I'm wearing vests now
and um this is an olive shear top and I
love the slanted pockets I think they're
really pretty and unique and here are my
acid war skinnies which have been a
standby for me their staple and I
finally got creepers guys on they're
kind of wacky but I freaking love them
they're so glam rock and they're on sale
at Urban Outfitters and I had a third
dollar gift card so I thought I'd spoil
myself in case you're wondering this is
not my house but the person living
inside kicked me off their stoop after I
filmed it recently got the shrilling
jacket for 50% off at forever 21 and
shrilling is an insanely warm material
it keeps sheep warm and it keeps me warm
it's probably and keep you warm and in
case you want to be warmer I paired it
with a leopard cardigan and I think a
Papa leopard always makes it a little
bit more funky and fun and this is
actually not a banty it's a construction
manufacturing company call it
caterpillar and this is the backpack
that I use when I have three classes in
a row on a day and it fits all my books
all my folders everything and it's
really cute because it kind of like a
smiley face in the back and here are my
brown skinnies that are another staple
for me and I've been really loving shiny
shoes hence the metallic creepers from
the last outfit and but these are my
extra flat ones
big sweaters are great because you can
literally wear anything underneath them
you can wear a poncho or gets on a
poncho but like three thermals
underneath and no one will have to know
and you can just pop over a jacket and
you just expel in man if you guys watch
my what's in my bag tag you guys already
know what's in that bag and I wore some
black skin used to kind of balance out
the loudness of my outfit because
there's a lot of look going on y'all
especially with these hellraisers and so
I think it just adds a nice block of I
don't know neutralness to my outfit and
before I leave I wanted to tell you that
if you put Jen as a promo code for case
tell me calm you get a discount off your
purchase I hope you guys enjoyed the
video and bundle up and stay warm and
don't get sick I will talk to you guys
later and I hope you guys enjoyed the
video bye
