you
my name is Jonathan Castillo knows I am
29 years old i live in santa monica
california and i work as a professional
hairstylist i'm leaving here for about
nine years now it started off it's just
a hobby i was working around here doing
my friends hair um i just loved it so
much people could see that was really
passionate about it so they encouraged
me to go to school and it's just
something that I fell into and I just
absolutely love my favorite things right
now for the winter jackets Blazers
scarves gloves anything that's going to
keep me warm and keep you looking good
current obsessions right now would have
to be Tasha books there this art book
publishing company that they publish
architecture books of Agra free books as
well as art books and counterculture
books they're just a fun thing to having
a coffee table to look at I'm also
reeling two ties right now I think
they're an essential way to dress up any
outfit and keep your wardrobe nice and
fresh the west side is such a
fascinating place to visit I would
definitely have to recommend the new art
theatre it's been around since nineteen
seventy-four it showcases everything
from foreign language cinema to animated
classics and our house classics that are
out of print you can't watch anymore and
if you're in the area swing by say hi to
me over at Tom Brophy so long I love to
cut all your hair
