yep I'm doing a makeup tutorial it is
close encounters a hundredth video so
you know what why not I'm going to show
you guys how I do my eye makeup because
some of you guys have been wanting to
know and here it is finally for times
sake I've already applied concealer
foundation and I filled in my brows and
we're going to start off with primer
this is elfs eyelid primer and you know
what it's pretty whatever it's a dollar
and it kind of gets the job done so I'm
just using until the bottles out so I'm
going to rub this on the top of my lids
the bottoms inner corners just all
around my eye and for shadows we're
going to use the ever coveted Naked
palette everyone uses it and I'm going
to use virgin as my highlighter so I'm
going to pick that up with my elfs
eyeshadow brush and I'm going to just
dab that on my brow bone just to
highlight it and I'm going to do the
exact same thing to the other brow and
with that same brush I'm going to dip it
inside nakeds half-baked which is my
favorite gold color and I'm going to put
that in the inner thirds of my eyes
okay now that my inner corners are gold
it out I'm going to use a post-it
because one it catches all the fallout
from the shadow and two it kind of acts
like an outline for where I want the
shadow to hit so I'm going to use a
different brush and I'm going to dip
that into naked smog which is just this
nice brown color after you're gonna want
to just get that color and just smother
it all over your eyelid and you know
what you could just just be really messy
with it because you're going to blend it
out later and that post it's going to
catch all the crap that falls out of
your brush okay so then you're going to
want to do the exact same thing with the
other eye and I don't know sometimes I
just use one post-it but in this case I
just use two and now I just look like
like Pikachu or something so you're
going to want to get your brush and then
you get a dip it into nakeds Dark Horse
and you're going to want to kind of
define the outer thirds of your eye just
to add a little bit more drama to your
eye and I'm going to use elfs fluffy
blending brush and this thing is amazing
I have like four so you're gonna want to
dip that brush into nakeds
buck and it's this tan color and it's
just my favorite um I shadow to just
blend it with once you finish blending
you're going to want to dip into and it
gets creep and I'm just going to add
this again to the outer third step of my
eye to create even more drama and um you
can go as dark or as light as you want
with this for eyeliner I'm using
Maybelline's line stiletto and I don't
recommend it it's pretty whatever um
anyway so you're going to want to create
a line first just kind of outlining
where it's gonna stop and then you're
gonna want to ever so carefully line or
connect the line to the outer line it's
just so hard to describe on well you
know what I'm doing right well this
process takes the longest for me but I
think it's also the most important
after eyeliner I'm gonna curl my lashes
and this is a one dollar eyelash curler
that I got at Daiso that store is
amazing go if you have one and then I'm
going to use rimmel's lash flirt and I'm
gonna coat the top of my lashes even
though they're pretty much non-existent
I just I don't even know why I put
mascara on it it I don't I don't I
barely I have like ten lashes on each
eye but I line the upper and I line the
bottom ones as well and this is what it
looks like when it's done this next step
is fairly new I wear blush now guys so
I'm going to use elfs kabuki brush and
I'm going to want to apply it to the
apples of my cheeks and I find that
smiling helps you kind of pinpoint where
to put the blush I guess and then after
I'm going to use elfs contour kit and
just using the highlighting color I'm
going to apply it to the bridge of my
nose as well as my Cupid's bow to add a
little bit more dimension to my face for
this video I'm using my favorite nude
color which is wet and wild bear at all
and my lipstick is flat and I mean it
sometimes or like it's really 50/50 on
when I wear a bright lipstick or when I
wear a nude lipstick I just thought I
would do a nude lipstick because I've
been wearing so much colored lipsticks
in the past videos so so then I'm going
to take a brown eyeliner and I'm just
going to put it on the bottom outer
thirds of my eye and I'm going to
connect it to the wing part as well and
then you're done you're finished this is
been my makeup tutorial and I just
wanted to thank you guys so much for all
the support and yeah we made it to 100
videos guys um and I'll talk to you guys
next time thank you so much
bye
