hey guys it's Jen so Valentine's Day is
coming up and so you guys were wondering
what I would possibly wear on
Valentine's Day so I made up five to
four outfits for five ten scenarios hope
you guys enjoy
for this particular outfit I would
probably wear it to a concert or a show
for my head accessory I'm wearing my
favorite and only beret that I thrifted
from aardvarks and for jewelry I'm
wearing this lattice necklace from H&M
and this peach dot blouse is becoming
one of my favorite tops because it first
of all I has dots line and second has
the cutouts on the shoulder and I
basically tucked in the front so it has
a asymmetrical hemline for bottoms I
paired it with a pleather skirt that I
purchased at H&M and honestly who said
that you can't wear peep shows in the
wintertime just pair it with a pair of
socks or in my case opaque stockings and
voila you have a winter heel
so for those who are living in a much
warmer climate this outfit is for you
for my hat I wore this leopard Sun Hat
which does a really great job getting
the Sun out of my face and for jewelry I
paired it with this tiered necklace and
I really like the fringe on the bottom
and for those who are really men about
wearing maxi dresses this might be the
perfect one for you because you still
have an opportunity to show off your
legs through the lace I think it looks
like you and I'm wearing my Chevron
bracelet that I got from John for my
going-away party back in August
for those who are getting wined and
dined on Valentine's Day this is
probably what I would wear um it's
basically this green sleeve dress and I
really like it because the back hides
the bra strap perfectly and the sleeves
are really subtle and sexy and feminine
and I thought I'd make it a little bit
more interesting by adding these spiral
tights from American Apparel
if you're spending Valentine's Day with
the girls I mean I always say for girls
night out just wear whatever you want
just wear the most funkiest thing that
you have because these girls are the
ones that are gonna understand the
trends that you're wearing so for my
coat I paired it with this faux fur
leopard coat and it is insanely warm you
could just wear something little dinky
and feminine underneath and just layer
that over it and for my top I'm wearing
a slouchy white button-up and has cut
outs on the back and for my skirt I'm
wearing this - a pleated dusty rose
skirt that kind of flares out the bottom
and I'm wearing sheer tights that I got
from a drug store and the Jeffrey
Campbell eita
if you're not a skirt or a dress person
you should just go ahead and wear pants
there's really no rules in fashion or
what you should wear so this is my pant
look and for my top I'm wearing a knit
crop top that has a goldish sheen to it
and it's not only picking a bum film but
it looks really pretty and these are my
favorite trousers they're a great color
all of which I consider a neutral and I
really like the way they drape on my
legs
you
