oh my god I can't believe it's already
time for you guys start heading back to
class
I know it's really depressing that
summer break is over but you know
starting a brand new year in college is
actually pretty exciting it's a chance
for you to reset and start fresh and in
this video I found five outfits that I
would march into my classrooms if you
enjoy lookbook hit that subscribe button
so you don't miss a single video and
with that said let's get started with
Monday the first day of school always
gave my stomach butterflies it's
generally a chill day where the
professor just hands out the syllabus
and you just get a feel of who's in your
class that's why I went for this casual
look that still feels put together I'm
wearing this thin patent blouse and
tucked it into the sequin denim shorts
then I slipped into my comfy Zweig mules
to tie in the blue hues of the look
moving on over to my Tuesday look I went
for something a little bit more Moody
I'm wearing this all black number but
added a splash of color with my dead
kennedys tee I love rocking band tees
because if someone loves the band too
then you guys already have something in
common and it's an instant connection to
spice it up I've added this interesting
lace top underneath to layer then I
streamlined the look with my black
skinnies and black boots
yay it's hump day and I'm wearing the
most comfortable outfit of them all I'm
rocking my big old checkered top from
Japan and I chose to go pantless wearing
huge shirts as dresses is like my guilty
pleasure on days where I literally can't
be bothered to make an effort I put on
fishnet stockings to add a nice texture
to the look and then slipped into my
favorite sneakers of the moment this is
my Thursday look and quite possibly my
favorite outfit of them all I'm wearing
these thick custom overalls by kami and
these illustrations are hand-painted by
V Erin Kai and I just love the little
details II added I feel like it really
spruces the overalls up and gives them
new life underneath I wore this beige
toodle neck top from American Apparel
and then carried on with my vans from
the previous looks
it's finally Friday and I saved the most
polished outfits in the last I'm
channeling my inner gossip girl with
this outfit and I'm just loving how
scholarly it looks I picked out this
cream satin blouse with these amazing
ribbons on the sleeves and then paired
it with this tartan skirt from related
so that is a wrap on my back to school
love book this is definitely geared for
the college students so if you're in
high school and you have a dress code
I'm sorry I just pick and choose what
works for you these videos are meant to
be a source of inspiration not just like
a carbon copy so if you can't wear
shorts definitely wear something that's
longer if you can't wear sleeveless tops
wear something with sleeves just you
know adhere to what works for you and
what you need to do I just wanted to
emphasize the beauty of dressing up for
yourself every time I upload these like
back-to-school look books I get like a
handful of comments of people saying
like who wears that to school or why do
you look so dressed up it's it's a
choice and when I was going to college
anyway in high school I loved dressing
up I realized that when I feel confident
in my outfit I feel confident in my
classroom and feeling good and
comfortable in the classroom is what
really helps you absorb information and
for me that was to you know feel good
about my outfit like people are scared
to truly wear what they want to wear
because they care what other people
think about them and I know it's like a
tough pill to swallow but the sooner you
wear whatever you want to wear the
easier it becomes remember college is
such an exciting time I know it's easier
for me to say because I'm already done I
hope you guys enjoyed this video
please write in the comments which
outfit was your favorite and let me know
what you guys start school to I know
it's like I feel like everyone starts at
different times but it's like generally
end of August - end of September so good
luck with your studies
work hard absorb as much as you can and
learn as much as you can thank you so
much for watching and I'll see you guys
by my school studying
acknowledged
you
