hey guys it's Jen so I thought I would
do another out in the town video cuz
it's been a while since I posted one of
those and this time I'm going to a
goodwill that I've never been to it's
gonna be the one in Vacaville I want to
prove to you guys that it really doesn't
matter what goodwill you go to or any
interest or really because there's new
stock every single day and if you can't
find something that week you're gonna
find something next it could be keep on
going I want to get in my car so I'm
gonna go okay let's go shopping
so I just got back and I picked up a lot
of stuff I'm really excited to show you
guys we'll start off with a sweater I've
been a little bit more picky about my
pattern sweaters recently but I mean I
couldn't resist with this one it looks
like just a pattern but there's actually
a tiger in the sweater it's a little bit
different than your average like animal
sweater
oh I forgot to mention that this letter
is actually fuzzy and I don't know I've
been really really liking fuzzy things
lately like a baby or something and I
wore it with my tan skinnies because
there were pieces of brown in the
sweater and I'm trying to wear more
flats in my videos for you guys so I
decided to go with these buckle boots
from Target I picked up this short
sleeve velvet button-down which is gonna
be great for high-waisted everything and
all of it is just a quintessential
winter fabric to me I mean you can wear
in the summer but I just like the way
velvet looks in the wintertime
especially black because it looks very
like the Kraft and super nineties this
gold chain choker is one of the best
four dollars I've ever spent on a
necklace it's one of my favorites and I
just think it went really went well with
the velvet crop top and because the rest
of my outfit was black I thought I would
add a pop of color with this houndstooth
cardigan and I wore my disco pants as
usual it's just black and I just
recently found out that Marshalls has
some really great stuff and so I picked
up a pair of heels from there and I
recently went to Marshalls and god I
can't believe I didn't go in that store
earlier they have so much great stuff
especially shoes I picked up these black
pups to go with this outfit
adding to my denim jacket collection
with this denim jacket L&L via a total
of four denim jackets but this one's
different because it's actually a
superlight material and I recently saw
Nia says his YouTube video where she was
wearing a denim jacket with studying on
the shoulder and I thought it looked so
cool so I think I'm gonna end up setting
the shoulders of these ones I'm a
shooting if you're watching sticking to
kind of like 90's patterns here's like
this really fun cosmic pattern
it's crescents and little stars that was
really cute I don't know just you know
more skirts another skirt I also got
this sheer black top with super billowy
sleeves I'm doing a really crappy job
kind of showing you what it looks like
but this is what it is it's slightly
cropped I think it had shrunk or I think
the previous owner had shrunk it by
accident and maybe that's why she or he
donated it
I've been wearing this hooded scarf a
lot lately Sarah actually got it for me
for a Christmas present so hi Sarah if
you're watching I miss you and this is
the denim jacket and I was talking about
it's really really thin but I really
like the color I can't wait to wear that
sheer top when it gets a little bit
warmer it was kind of cold that day
actually and the skirt was a little bit
too long on me it just didn't flatter my
body shape so I rolled up the waistband
if you can see and now hates me mid
thigh which that's where I prefer skirts
to hit if you guys ever notice something
I tend towards kind of a looser fit top
so when I saw this patterned top even
though it was kind of form-fitting I
thought it would be kind of cool I
really like the pattern of it thought it
was interesting it's kind of like a
pattern striped I thought was cool this
fringe necklace was my go-to piece of
jewelry in the summer time so I thought
I would spring it back and just relive
some good times I thought that it would
work really well with this top because
the fringe kind of breaks up the pattern
and separates it makes it look funky
so check out your local goodwill you
will find something just look through
every single rack and be patient about
it and if you don't find anything come
back next week just don't give up and
you'll find something I promise anyway I
hope you guys enjoyed this haul and
looking at this goodwill if you want to
check it out the address will be in the
description box
