hey everyone it's Jen so in this
particular video I'm going to be
showcasing some pieces that when my
bandits has gifted me and that store is
amazing they're a Singapore brand and
the clothing is trendy OnPoint
and most importantly it's affordable so
I've compiled the lookbook of all the
items that they gifted me and we're
actually doing a giveaway so you want to
stay tuned for that I'll wait till the
end
there are some days where I want to go
Bing list so I really enjoy talking them
in to this drifted beret that I got card
marks and because my outfit was so I
guess monochrome I thought mourn to be a
fun little splash of color on my lips
and I really like pairing gray and gold
together I think it's kind of unexpected
and really funky and this oversized
button-up is probably the most athletic
thing you'll ever see me and it kind of
looks like a baseball tee doesn't it
well anyway I like wearing it as a tunic
and just in case the wind decides to
dono blow my shirt over I wore some
shorts underneath so I mean it takes
care of that and I wore some sheer types
underneath that I got at rite-aid and
some socks that I thought target I
believe and I wore my Jeffrey Campbell
tardies which are my favorite heels at
the moment
as you guys know I love studs so this
all if stud blouse is no exception to
anything I really liked that it was kind
of spaced out in the pocket I thought it
was cool and I wore my lace brawler
underneath for extra coverage for
outerwear I decided to go with my black
shawl which is my favorite cardigan type
of thing and I wore masks for skinnies
because I wanted to give my disco pants
a break I've been wearing those like
crazy and for shoes I wear my
hellraisers if you're in high school I
highly doubt they're gonna allow these
in school but if you're in college or
university they're gonna allow it I
haven't got in trouble yet
I decided to go with a darker red
lipstick because it just really vamps up
any outfit and I wore my collar necklace
because it's just one of my favorite
funkiest pieces of jewelry because it
adds a collar and I love collars and
this is my swirl tunic that I forced
into a dress by adding this pleated
skirt from Urban Outfitters and it just
gives it more length because it was way
too short to wear it as just dress and
this is the red blazer that I absolutely
love I think it's so cool it's masculine
and it's funky and I wore my Lita's for
some extra height and we're actually
doing a giveaway on this red blazer so
stay tuned for the giveaway rules let's
go over the contest rules one you must
be subscriber to Close Encounters 2 you
must like both our Facebook pages and
I'll provide the links here and there or
if it's not there then it's gonna be in
the description box 3 there should be a
picture on the runway bandits Facebook
wall and all you to do is type in I'm
heart lonely bandits and close
encounters and that's it you can only
enter once and the contest is open
internationally the giveaway is two
weeks starting from this date right here
so I hope you guys like it if you don't
win I hope you enjoyed the video and
I'll talk to you guys later
everyone great day
