hi everyone I'm Jen today I'm going to
be showing you guys four outfits they're
gonna be to office for the daytime and
two outfits for the nighttime and it's
basically a mixture between my wardrobe
and also pieces from buta look so this
first look I'd probably wear to school
because super casual and daytime and
friendly and I wore it with my knit
beanie which I wear everywhere and I've
been loving this geometric necklace
because it's something I don't really
have and it's perfect for layering under
buttoned down or just tinks like this
and this tank was really interesting
because it's share and it also has a
pocket where you can just put
miscellaneous items in it and I paired
it with a black car to get over which
also has deep pockets you know me I love
pockets and I thought the wooden buttons
were a nice little touch it gives a
little bit of a woodland boho factor
which I like and you guessed it I wore
my disco pants still wearing these
babies all the freaking time they add
just a bizarre to any outfit that I wear
and I wore my raids to keep the cool
tones
for this second casual outfit I decided
to a feature my anorak and I just love
the chilla terian vibe that it reeks of
and I paired it with some tweet shorts
I think tweet is a fantastic material
for the winter because it's so thick and
I think it's perfect and for extra
warmth I paired it with some opaque
tights which I think keeps a little bit
more warm and also some patent officers
for my shoes whenever I feel that my
outfit is a little bit too feminine I
bust out this gray Fedora because it
just instantly masculine eise's it and I
love it and for jewelry I wore this
silver curved necklace and who says you
can't wear a cropped things in the
winter time well here's a crop sweater
that I absolutely loved and I paired it
with this asymmetrical skirt that is
sheer and it's flowy and it's pretty and
I love it and I've been really getting
into clutches lately and this clutch has
two things that I love it's silver and
it has a reptile pattern on it
this tapas on my favourite lace shirts
because of the gold buttons that run
down the center if any of you guys are a
little bit unsure of wearing maxi skirts
because a little bit too long
try a waterfall or asymmetrical skirt
because it gives the same illusion
because from the back it looks like
you're wearing something longer in the
front you get you still show off your
legs and if you don't no idea what it is
it's basically a website where a team of
stylists create a new outfit every
single day I thought it was a really
cool concept guy that I personally never
seen before and I think it's a really
great way to conspiration every single
day and what's great about it is that
you can browse through previous outfits
as well and like shop do that too and
you like any of the pieces of the video
they're gonna be on the overlays on this
video and also the description box so I
will talk to you guys later bye
