hey guys it's Jen today I'm gonna be
talking about collars and I thought I do
want to take on it the most standard way
that you can go to a collar is just
getting a button-down that you already
have and layering it over a sweater and
that's where it can be slim fitting it
can be loose-fitting it just really
depends on your preference but what I
personally like our sleeve is Sutton
house because that way you don't really
have to worry about your arms bunching
up or anything you could also add like a
choker underneath the bun now to give it
more of a personality
I've been wearing this necklace non-stop
for I don't know since I got it so like
two weeks ago
and I wearing it underneath American
Apparel's long T and this Mooji sweater
that I shrunk that you see my
boyfriend's he reluctantly gave it to me
though and this is my leather jacket
from Urban Outfitters which has this
cool distressed vibe to it and I've been
wearing a lot of silver jewelry I don't
know why I just been on this silver
jewelry crunch I guess
for lazy alpha you can always wear a
sweater that already has a color
attached to it it's super
low-maintenance but it's also a very
statement outfit I've been basically
living in this sweater because I've been
having a lot of lazy days recently but
I'm even wearing it right now they speak
but I like to pair it with some cable
knit leggings because they do a really
good job keeping my legs warm let's say
you don't have a button-down you can
always as a dress but how's a collar
attached to it you can layer your
sweater over it and just have the collar
peeping out that way you can really
maximize all the pieces in your wardrobe
because your dress suddenly becomes a
skirt
I absolutely adore Peter Pan collars so
I basically just layered a black knit
sweater over it and now my lace dress
looks like just a cute flirty little
lace skirt and I thought I would channel
my inner Lolita so I paired it with some
white socks along with my Rita's if you
haven't have a button-down that you can
never find yourself really wearing but
you enjoy the collar you should just cut
it
so this color is actually from a lace
shirt that was really ill-fitting so we
just hacked off the collar and made it
to an accessory and I paired it with one
of my favorite pattered sweaters which
is from Urban Outfitters
it looks drifted butt but it isn't for
bottoms I wore my trusty old acid-wash
skinnies and then I paired it with my
rates for that cool toned effect
