hey guys it's Jen nobody here is coming
up so I thought it'd be the perfect time
to show you guys but I personally would
wear it on New Year's Eve on Year's Day
let's start off with family dinners I
would probably stick something with a
little bit more of a higher neckline
because the last thing you'd want is
things peeking out of your dress or
whatever you're wearing I would stick to
things a little bit more conservative
because there aren't gonna be photos
taken and they're gonna be embedded in
the photo album forever
I think it's important to wear something
a little bit more comfortable because it
is a family dinner and there's gonna be
a lot of good food if you guys didn't
know I love wearing hats as accessories
and so my friend Brianne left her hat in
the car so we decided to put in the
video hi Brianna and I thought I would
wear these vintage earrings that I got
the communitive store and since
Christmas just passed I thought it'd be
fun to wear a really red color because
it's always a very festive color and
because the material is velvet a kind of
tough another look and in case it's cold
I wore these cable knit leggings to keep
my legs warm and I wore my Lita's
you
let's you're going out with your friends
on New Year's Eve so I mean I would wear
any trend that I've been experimenting
with because for my friends at least I
understand the one key things I wear
I've been wearing to see me non-stop
ever since I got it at the men's section
H&M so check the men's department for
some cool accessories this is a mohair
sweater that I got in at their store
called zippered Amsterdam when I visited
a while back and it is this crazy gnarly
snake pattern that wraps all around the
neck and it's just so funky and cold and
because when I was blue and a cool tone
I heard it with some silver accessories
and I wore some pleather shorts and also
some lace-up cutout wedges
for all you ladies who are taken and are
spending time with your significant
other I would wear something a little
bit more risque than your family dinner
but I would still try to stick with
something a little bit more traditional
my favorite part about this one strap
shoulder dress is the fact that it
exposes one bare shoulder I think that's
a very sexy feminine part that super
understated and the color is this
gorgeous champagne and I look kind of
like a Yeti in this coat but it keeps me
so freakin warm so I get to wear a
little dainty dresses and Ernie and I
paired it with some shared tights and my
favorite thigh-highs
let's say you're going to a work party
I would I would take the time out to
show my individual style because your
worker your coworkers are usually used
to you where I need uniform so this is
the perfect opportunity to show them
what you are off-hours
I love wearing button-downs and this is
one of my favorite ones I just love the
gold buttons that run down because it
gives a very Katniss vibe and I paired
it with my black shawl and I really
really liked the fringes at the end
because it gives an illusion that I'm
wearing a scarf and to make it a little
bit more casual I paired it with some
dark blue skinnies I hope you guys
enjoyed this video and if you guys want
let me know what your news resolutions
are please post them in the comments box
and I will talk to you guys later bye
