hey guys Sara here and Jen we have
something to say to you we have an
announcement to make and there is no
easy way to say this as you guys know um
Jen moved up to up north to go to school
in Davis and since then it's been a lot
harder than we realized for us to keep
making videos together that are gonna be
at the high quality and the amount that
we want to put out so because jen has
already been doing it and I know that
she has done and can do it she's going
to be doing close encounters from now
when you move away and you come back
home we I mean as much as as far as
Close Encounters was us to film like
when we live so close together now when
we see each other we just want to like
hang out it's been hard like syncing up
our schedules and/or filming it's been
very difficult for me to make time
available for as much filming as we
would need to do it our short break
because of like things like school and
work and I have really big family
obligations right now so because of that
we just won't spend what little time we
have hanging out and not really caring
about other aspects if we've tried and
we just came to that conclusion that it
would be easiest if we wouldn't have to
depend on each other for the channel and
that Jen could handle it okay so I just
wanted to say goodbye to everybody
officially and that I really appreciate
you guys and I'm I'm really glad that we
had all the support of you guys
especially from the very beginning when
we were like sweating in Jen's room
making our first video oh no on a map oh
yeah oh also I have a MacBook I don't
know you guys have just been really
amazing and like great fans like
subscribing to us and like checking out
our like random photo shoots and just
like I don't being great and commenting
and forms bringing us and all this crazy
stuff and it's just something that will
make me when I type in youtube.com it'll
make me think like differently about it
yeah so I'm sorry I'm leaving you guys
but you're in great hands like I just
want to make it clear that our
friendship is stronger than ever
Sarah's gonna focus on like school and
like she's doing engineering now and her
classes are freaking labor intensive and
feel like I'm a mutant yeah I know right
my daughter Sarah oh thank you guys
again and um I might maybe I'll pop up
into random like guests are gone
ah damn yeah that though give it to me
yeah yeah I love you get too close you
can't find your head Hey
okay
