hey everyone I'm Sarah and I'm John so
I'm back from the holidays and we're
finally bringing you guys our winter
fashion trends video but it's been
pretty warm in Southern California
around the 60s and 70s so our outfits
are for warmer weather and if you live
in colder climates you should always
remember to wear layers like coats
scarves and gloves and once you get to
your destination it's gonna be pretty
toasty in there anyway and so that's
when your alpha could really shine a
pretty experimental trend that we are
liking is the body chain I got this
amazing gold body chain from Topshop
when I was there in New York it's a
pretty big statement piece and you
everything else about your outfit should
probably be pretty simple so I paired it
with a black lace bodycon dress and I
also added a rust-colored maxi skirt
because I felt like the dress was a bit
too exposing in such cold weather and I
thought it was a really interesting
silhouette that I haven't used before
I'm gonna top it off I just put my
classic black slingbacks because the
real focus is the chain okay a pattern
that I really like is stars and you may
have seen a lot of it on tumblr and on
the internet and it's a fun new pattern
and it's kind of like a fresh twist on
like polka dots as well
and in this outfit I'm paired it with a
fur coat because that coat is just
insanely warm like I can wear any little
kind of flirty little lady life dress
underneath and it'll just warm all night
wintertime is a time for coats I found
this beautiful brown suede coat at
Goodwill one day when Jen and I were
shopping and I said I have no coats and
it just fit me amazing and I love
wearing it in winter over just any frock
type dress and an easy pairing was my
brown coat and my cable knit cream
sweater dress I really like turtlenecks
this winter not only does it keep your
neck warm it's a really great way to
accentuate your neck as well and I think
it's really cool with chokers
and of course I was in with my disco
pants because I've been wearing those I
don't know like every freakin day and if
it gets cold just throw on a blazer or
something that's kind of like a classic
silhouette so you get more of that mod
look to it we've loved polka dots since
the beginning of time they're just a
really quirky girly pattern and polka
dots were really big this one carat
polka dots are just really whimsical and
it's about having fun so in my outfit I
put dots on dots I paired my chiffon
pleated polka dot skirt that I got from
American Apparel with a mesh polka dot
bodysuit that I got from forever 21 and
because it's pretty chilly I wore tights
and a big burgundy scarf over the limit
is a really fun fabric for the
wintertime because it just looks really
cozy and we've been experimenting a lot
with the type of leggings we're wearing
and right now we're obsessed with
bobbitt leggings I'm wearing my friend's
beanie uh hi Brianna if you're watching
so in this outfit I paired it with my
favorite um denim button-down shirt and
it has a velvet color attached to it
which is really cool it's kind of like
velvet accents everywhere and because
I'm wearing silver accented jewelry I
thought my rates would be an excellent
choice for the shoe because it has that
silver metal on the sole of it a really
fun and easy look that we like is
layering sweaters over collared shirts
and for my health said I just paired a
blue sweater that I got a hmm and would
wear really plainly and paired it with
the collared sleeveless button-up from
American Apparel and on bottom I'm
wearing tan skinnies that belong to Jen
and and because my app was pretty basic
I wanted to add some green socks for fun
and some burgundy loafers if the faux
fur coat
tried just a little bit too crazy for
you try a faux fur lapel collar it just
adds like a really refined twist to all
your clothes and in this particular
outfit I'm wearing it with a maxi dress
or yeah I'm wearing with a maxi dress
that I got at forever 21 and I wore a
open-wheel sweater over it and it's from
wrong way I paired it with a leopard Sun
Hat and I thought it'd be a fun way to
add incorporate Leopard into my outfit
what's great about wearing backs dresses
in the winter is you can wear literally
anything I need you can wear sweatpants
or in this case I'm wearing leggings
metallic is really big this time of year
because everything is festive and you
think about tinsel and lights
I wore this button-up metallic top from
Goodwill with a pleather skirt from H&M
and some great tights and it's just a
kind of monochromatic look and it's just
a flirty festive outfit because the
skirts flared out and the top is all
shiny
I wore my leopard loafers with it so the
whole outfit kind of look girly but a
little bit tough because of the leather
accents I've been on a total of 90s
crunch lately but I saw these floral
leggings at my local Goodwill I kind of
went crazy all these are perfect and so
this outfit I paired it with another
chunky kind of like beige knit from
Urban Outfitters and I heard it with my
beaver anorak and I worked with some
forest green lace-up boots to kind of
toughen up the look and of course my
beanie
