hey guys it's Jen I'm gonna be showing
you some of my favorite winter nail
polish colors this is NYC's Park Avenue
and it's this gorgeous lilac shade and I
honestly feel like lilac is a very
understated feminine color I think more
girls should wear on their nails and
have been wearing a lot of like purple
undertones on my eyes as well so I mean
why not my nails and moving on to
forever 21 nail polishes um there are
280 and they're quite cheap and um as
long as you put a good top coat on them
they last for a pretty good time
this is avvocato and this is kind of
like your pastel II olive color I was
having trouble finding a green that
looked like decent on my nails and this
one did the trick for me and I was very
cheap here we have another nail polish
by forever 21 and it is called purple
I'm wearing it on my nails right now
I don't looks kind of black in the light
but I swear to you in like I don't know
in realize it looks gorgeous it's like
this bloody plum reddish color and it
outside it looks phenomenal
it makes your nails just a really
expensive I guess kind of like a velvety
chocolate color like forever 21 needs to
pick up on their names for a nail polish
because come on purple like I don't know
these like plum would have been decent
hello pretty metallics on my nails and
also my toes all all year round so here
I have Sally Hansen's celeb City and
it's this sparkly silver just your
standard one I'm sure Revlon has what is
called like silver coin
I think sequins sparkles and glitter
just goes really well in the winter time
another one by Sally Hansen this one is
called wet cement and it's just like
your plain average gray color and I
don't know I just like Gray's on my
nails and it goes with everything here
we have and it wash from Urban
Outfitters and I got this for a dollar
it was on sale and it's like this
iridescent gunmetal color that looks
kind of green in some lights and this
one is called ashtray so I hope you guys
enjoyed my pic sorry it wasn't a fashion
related video I just been getting a lot
of questions about what was on my nails
so I thought I'd show you guys if you
want to put your favorite nail polish
colors put them down below I'd love to
see them
