hey guys it's Jen today I'm gonna do my
Black Friday haul and I didn't get that
much stuff um I got four things I didn't
really get a good deal on anything I
just went to Urban Outfitters at
midnight Kyle's already out and if the
stores open at midnight next year I'm
definitely not going to Black Friday
because it's just not worth it there's
too many people
everyone's smelly and gassy because they
just you know really big freakin dinner
and lines are just insanely long uh
complaining I love it too Urban
Outfitters and I got this sweater and
this is a black-and-white stripe jumper
and I thought it was really great for
the ones your time because I think
straps are timeless but there's a
problem
these this sweater is extremely sheared
this is definitely meant for like the
summer time but I'm just gonna layer and
deal with it this was only 15 dollars
which is cheap for Urban Outfitters but
I mean
and I like the structure so much that I
actually got a different color this is
forest green and tan and I these are
colors are really loving right now the
thread is really loose so it's navs on a
lot of things so it creates like little
holes here but luckily I like the way
redick things look so this is just going
to look cooler with time and this is a
grey Fedora that I got and this was $10
a lot of the hats that I have our darker
colors so I thought a light grey would
kind of brighten things up and it's just
really easy to mix and match with my
winter wardrobe
this is easily my most favorite find
it's a wool shearing sweater and it's
like sheep Monday this is also $15 it's
ridiculously warm the other day I just
boarded this with some disco pants and a
beanie and I was fine and it was pretty
chilly outside I really liked the sleeve
detail because it's it drapes really
nicely on the arm because I mean this
kind of covers the meteor chunks of your
of the arm and what's left is just like
a little dainty arm poking out of it
well I hope you guys had a really great
Thanksgiving and you guys went Black
Friday shopping I hope you guys didn't
get trampled and I hope you guys got
some good deals and if you guys if you
want to share with me what you guys got
but in the comments box I would love to
see what you guys got and I'll talk to
you guys later
bye guys
