hi it's Jen so today I'm going to talk
about my favorite winter accessories I'm
holding off on the winter fashion trends
until I get back to LA in December so I
can film it with Sarah so let's start
one thing that I've been obsessed with
this winter for this colder weather is
this knit beanie I love it because it
isn't Li just gives anything a slouch
factor which I'm really I really like
because sometimes I feel a little bit
too overdressed but if I just throw this
beanie on it just makes it look more
comfortable a little bit more grunge
just slushy and comfortable is what I
like
one thing that you guys see me welcome a
few videos is my sienna turban and I
love it I gotta SS calm and I think it's
different from like your average like
winter head wear because of like the
unique shape um I also got this wine
colored one but wow this totally went to
like crops will because it came in one
size and it looked gorgeous on the model
sounds like oh if you look good on me
too okay so looks okay but this is all
big it it's like I don't know whose head
this would actually fit like this is
just kind of ridiculous so like I try to
put it in the dryer - like shrink it but
that didn't works and I really can't
return it I don't know what I'm gonna do
with this maybe if like my head grows I
could finally wear this thing but for
now it's just gonna like click dust in
my closet which I'm kind of sad about
I've been obsessed with my brewery
lately because I'm trying to grow all my
bangs I had like bangs for I don't know
I'm gonna say four or five years now
I wear this when I kind of want to go
for like more of a really prim militant
and I don't know I don't say like
scholarly vibe I like to wear it with
Blazers and just look really like crisp
ear warmers I got this at from 21 for I
think four or five dollars and this is
great when your bangs are just not
cooperating with you because it sets
them in place we demonstrate so it is on
my head and see I could just like
manipulate my bangs and also it's great
for when like the wind is just insane
it's like been crazy windy here lately
but this has been like my lifesaver and
also it keeps like my ears really warm
and you don't don't worry about a
mushroom top on this because I know if
this just this material just doesn't
ride up
Asli it's kind of a no-brainer but
scarves I'm still in love with this
tapestry scarf that I got from 21 I
think over the summer it just like adds
like a pop of color to everything
because they have like little colorful
like they have little multi colored dots
which adds a lot of festivity in my
outfits another scarf that I'm really
loving is this kind of like dusty pink
color that I got from happy scarf calm
it just adds like it just adds like a
feminine feel to everything especially
because I've never had a scarf this
color before
all right so I hope you guys enjoyed my
winter accessories and I'll see you guys
next time
all right bye
