hey it's Jen so first off let me just
say that these shoes have been sold out
for three months since July in it ever
since I first saw them I was like I have
to have them so once I got that email
saying oh they're back in stock I was
just like they're back in stock so I
bought them at lo and behold the next
day they were completely sold out I'm
just trying to justify the price anyway
they came in this box and you open the
box
BAM hollow razors yes they are true to
size I'm a size six
I got a size six and they fit perfectly
yes they are super comfortable before
I've worn them like walking around SF
for three or four hours and I was just
fine yes the specs are sharp and I guess
you could potentially harm someone with
them I mean if you kick them hard enough
well actually you could really probably
hurt someone if you kick kick them when
I first opened them I was like in shock
I was like these belong to me one of my
housemates was watching me open it and
she was like whoa those are like really
cool shoes for Halloween I just looked
at her I was like oh no these aren't
like not for Halloween these are for
everyday use and she was just like oh
okay but listen guys I'm gonna make
these shoes I'm gonna incorporate these
shoes into three outfits I'm going to do
a daytime look a nighttime look and I
look for school so I mean I'm gonna be
wearing these babies every single day of
milking my pennies worth
