hey guys it's Jen and today I'm gonna be
showing you guys how I studied this cool
color and I think it's great for the
wintertime or actually any season to
revamp any button-down that you have the
first thing you're gonna be needing is a
bout of studs and I got this bag of 100
studs on a website called studs and
spikes comm and I learned about this
website when I was watching the fashion
citizens stuff stud her own denim shorts
so I knew that the website would be a
reliable one this model is called the
tall English 77 studs and I believe
there are under $10 I don't remember
exact price but for sure they're under
10 bucks second you're gonna need any
sort of top blouse that you want to stud
and for today's episode I'm gonna be
studying this mint button-down that I
got at a thrift store in Davis and it
was under $5 and I've been wearing it
religiously in the fall but I think I
want to kind of spice it up and give it
more edge for the wintertime and lastly
you're gonna need a butter knife so when
you open up your bag of studs you're
gonna see a stud that looks like this
and notice the two prongs on there the
sharpness of the prong is actually gonna
puncture through and each sort of fabric
that you want it to okay so now for the
fun part you're gonna want to get your
stud and shove it inside the fabric and
it should go on pretty smoothly because
like I said those things are pretty sure
okay so extreme closeup time one side is
already done so you're gonna want to
take your butter knife and you're gonna
want to push that prong as deep and as
far as you possibly can because you
don't want these studs to pop off in the
washer or the dryer so make sure it's
really secure and it should look
something like this now that you have
the study technique down I'm just going
to use that away if you want to just
stab the tips of your collar like I did
um go for it just make sure you keep
studying until you get the desired shape
that you want if you want to study your
entire collar or hey if you want to
study your entire shirt go for it it's
gonna take a lot more than 100 studs but
it's gonna look pretty sick and it's
gonna be pretty heavy don't be scared to
make any mistakes because I don't think
it's meant to look perfect in 30 or 40
minutes later you should have something
that looks like this and it kind of
looks like a metal bowtie doesn't it
well either way I think looks really
cool
season and so I hope you guys enjoy this
really simple and quick tutorial and
I'll see you guys next time thanks for
watching bye bye
