hey guys it's Jen and right now I'm in
Davis whoo I'm going to school year I
just moved and yeah I'm just kind of
settling in but luckily I've checked out
I don't know three out of the four
thrift stores and Davis and all things
right and relevant is one of my favorite
thrift stores already so I'm gonna give
you a tour show you a haul and then
style the clothes so I just got back
from all things writing relevant the
prices are pretty cheap about all my
stuff for I don't know less than $45 and
if it's there for a certain amount of
time it just gets cheaper and cheaper
and then once it gets the cheapest it
goes to the $3.00 section I found this
black lace cardigan it is not any
buttons but I'm kind of feeling that
whole like open airy kind of thing it's
still pretty hot in Southern California
or I'm in Northern California who's I'm
still pretty hot where I live so I mean
this is perfect I really like black lace
for the winter because I think it just
vamps up any outfit and brings a lot of
drama
you
another item I got was this kind of like
super 70s pattern blouse and when I
grabbed it I was like oh I gotta get it
because I loved the pattern but it
doesn't have any buttons in it but I
think I'm going to try to make it work
anyway
you guys know that I love denim bundles
I think I have around three now but
somehow I forgot to at home oh but this
line is really cool because notice the
collar it's like this velvet quilted
powder and it's got a little bit of
beadwork on here and it's also a really
nice shade of blue as well
I think every girl needs some sort of
button down in their closet it's one of
me and stairs closet essentials I mean I
got this blue button-down it's kind of
like that's that kind of like
blue-collar work shirt but I do like it
fits me like a glove I really like using
button downs as kind of like a layering
device to kind of like to use them as a
cardigan for the pair of shoes that I
got were these weaved um I guess golden
honey colored flat and they're pretty
comfortable I used to have a pair of
flats like these maybe like four years
ago but they disintegrated and so now I
have a new pair
I know this poncho and I was just like I
have to have it I don't know why but I
was just really drawn to it I'm gonna
try to make it work it's really really
warm and it's one size fits all my
favorite size I got these I don't know
these black lace-up work boot and
they're super super comfortable as you
can see I've already worn them because
there's like mud everywhere
okay I'm really quick before I leave if
you guys in the Davis area you guys see
me walking around campus because it's a
pretty small town here don't be scared
to say hi because I love to meet you
guys
I've met a few guys already like on the
bus and at school and it's been really
awesome until next time bye
