hey guys it's Jen and today I'm gonna be
doing something a little bit different
usually I kind of mix and match from an
assortment of different places but this
video I'm going to try the base look
from one store like kind of like mini
splurge out like I don't know like
furbish me one or something I'm working
with Joyce calm and in case you don't
know what that is it's basically a
shopping site where you can get all the
clothes I'm showing you today they were
cool enough to let me clever it with one
of my favorite shopping boutiques called
gypsy warrior and that's such a cool
name and the clothes thing about joys is
that you're actually gonna get a
discount on all this stuff that I'm
gonna show you guys today and they're
gonna show up in the overlays in the
video and also they're gonna be links on
the description box so you can just kind
of sort your way through that reason why
I chose gypsy warrior to feature for
this episode is because they're always
super edgy and on trend which is exactly
where I look for on a night out so
whether it's like a girls night out or
like a family dinner or something
I still like to have my personal style
so I've compiled for going out outfits
for you guys so I hope you guys enjoy
all right so basically I love girls
night outs
why because you can wear every single
trend that I don't know that your man's
not understand example is this black
turban
I think Chairman's are a winter
accessory must-have because it keeps it
keeps your hair in place when the wind
is kind of like your mortal enemy it
also keeps your head warm too
you guys know that I am like a complete
sucker for leopard so I mean that's why
I picked out this beautiful chiffon
Leopard skirt greatest thing about the
skirt is that it has pocket you know
that Sarah
I love pockets so I mean this is just
like a triple whammy cuz chiffon leopard
has pockets in it commute out the
loudness of that pattern I heard it with
this kind of like this shear layer tank
and it's really pretty because on the
side it has like a piece of Sheerness to
it and everything else is pretty much
covered I just asked a bunch of funky
jewelry to Val FEX just make it a little
bit more I don't know crazy I picked out
the evil eye ring which I'm obsessed
with ever since I saw the Persian babe
rockers so I know thanks Barbara
I picked up this this really flowy
chiffon I don't know like sheer top and
it's eggplant plum color which is a
total fall color because and I was told
that jewel tones really supposed to be
in and personally I love that trend I
think it's really pretty if you think
that you're showing a little bit too
much skin you can always pear sheer
tights underneath it to offset
everything
if I found out that I was going out like
dancing let's say like to the city I am
big sucker for like fringe bodycon
dresses all kind of offsets the entire
body kindness of this dress because and
it gives you a break and the fridge is
really flattering alright so I think my
family has come to terms that I love
sheer clothes so I think of as long as
your bras and showing I think they're
completely fine with that
so this is my family your outfit I
picked out this beautiful dusty rose -
your top it's got the 70s fell asleep
which is always a nice elegant touch to
have I've been really loving
asymmetrical skirts for quite some time
now and I know that some people call
them water or fall starts I think this
is perfect for a family dinner because
you sell the shortness in the front so I
don't know you don't have to feel like a
nun or something but it covers enough
skin that you probably won't go crazy
about what you're wearing
I hope you like these looks as much as I
do remember if you like anything that
you see here you can check out the
description box for all the links or the
overlays
