hi everyone my name is Jen and I'm Sara
I know we all have those days where you
just feel really unmotivated to wear
anything fashionable at all but doesn't
mean that you have to look that way so
here's our go-to items for our lace days
so basically when I go to sleep at night
I just literally wear anything that's
really comfortable and if I know that I
have a really big date tomorrow
I usually just wear like a really big
sweater oh and this has been like my
coche asunder lately and it says Akron
on it honestly if you just wear this
with like a body con skirt or wear it
with cher tights like you probably look
pretty put together and Twitter's come
in all different types of textures and
graphics so I don't know you have so
many options on wearing sweaters and
they're really comfortable too
my favorite thing to wear when I'm
feeling really lazy especially now
because it's really hot but even in when
it's like fairly crisp whether is a body
con skirt specifically and knit kind
because the material is more soft and
flexible than those like spandex II
cotton ones that are like kind of
unforgiving and that you probably go
clubbing in but this is just like really
soft and flexible and the thing about
the vikon skirt is you just like pull it
on and put on any crop top sweater
you name it because it can go with bulky
flowy items and contrast with them or it
can go with tighter items and give you a
smaller silhouette
okay so this might kind of strengthen
their lot some people meet I don't know
why it's leggings as pants and we
personally love like this is pants as
long as they're opaque enough you're
fine like it doesn't matter I mean we
don't care honestly might fall asleep in
this and my sweater I would just be good
to go to the next day because it's so
basic on the bottom you can literally
write anything on top you could just
wear it this with us like any top and
just throw a cardigan over it and you'll
look pretty casual a bit cool when I
have no idea what I'm gonna wear I
always pick out my high-waisted razor
beanie geez I get the greatest because
Jen and I are both under five five so
our legs are pretty short and these the
grazers which should go to like mid calf
or something is right our ankles and
they fit perfectly and they're probably
my favorite denim they're actually
pretty stretchy and it's like if you
don't want to wear leggings as pants
because it's such a big controversy
these are what you go for
if you can't run off stamp always
wearing a venti and this is the one I
usually go for it cuz it's so big and
super low meanings and honestly it's a
pretty good conversation starter because
if someone sees like oh yeah you like
Pink Floyd and you're like yeah I do and
you guys just talk about and I don't
know it's just a conversation starter
and you're comfortable and I don't know
that's more than you can ask for a shirt
okay this might seem kind of strange but
when I'm feeling really lazy I wear like
silky sheer button-downs
specifically oversized ones like this
one which is from American Apparel
because anywhere we're gonna need bra or
black bra LED or something or even a
bend oh it's just like a really nice
fabric to have on you it's like like
someone's just like throwing a still
blanket over your head it's just so nice
you
