a father sinner hey guys i'm jen and
this is avalon and today we're doing his
style profile on her and she's gonna be
answering some of our questions my name
is avalon and i'm 22 23 this year and i
am a student but i'm graduating in May
went to New York but i'm currently in
san francisco and from tom and i went to
school in England I don't think and
describe it in one word but with several
words I guess menswear Parisian romantic
bohemian and seventies style well I was
going through like him a creative rut
like I was having like a writer's block
so you know I felt really uninspired and
then something I decided I have to do
something with my
I might do some productive so I was very
waiting blogs I thought I can do that
you know and then I finally invested in
a good camera I got a cabin and then I
got pictures taken and i would invite
about things that interest me i can
vaguely remember my first like restore
experience in san francisco yeah i think
wasn't the hate and I remember I was
really excited like that was even my
style back then like Baghdad I wore kind
of really bright colors and studs I was
going through a weird phase and then you
know just being surrounded by people who
wore nice clothes and drifted clothes
I'm like okay let me you know explore
different styles so I guess I went
shopping in the haight more often and i
was i discovered goodwill and good old
amazing
I know well always be obsessed with
Woody Allen I'm really loving prosciutto
and free and just good cheese that's
I'll eat that all the time and oh right
kill chips baked salt and pepper do you
have any nobody God music right now i'm
listening to bamboo and the rule you
should definitely visit union street and
polk street because it's really nice
boutique on polk street called both
flowers it's on Vulcan washington and
haight street just be fearless and don't
care about you know what people think
because it doesn't really matter it's
how you feel like if clothes make you
confident then wear whatever you want
because it doesn't matter what they
think I mean they can't pull off and if
you think you pull off like just do that
that's fine
you
