what's up guys I'm Sara and I'm Jen
finding a job can be really tough for
some of you guys because some of you may
not have experience and so you guys
might get really nervous in
high-pressure situations so we made this
video with tips and outfit ideas to get
you through the interview process for
professional interviews we mean four
ones for office jobs or for really
high-end stores and in these kind of
interviews you want to dress comfortably
and make sure your hairs out of your
face because you don't want to look
fidgety or uncomfortable because that
will really distract from what you're
trying to say and pre-alpha you'll want
to stick to neutral colors and
traditional silhouettes if you want to
stray and do different colors make sure
that the color is really toned down
version of it and you may want to show
your unique personality through one
accessory because it will make you stand
out more and make you more memorable in
it interviewers mind
Oh
a job interview is a job interview so
look professional whether it's a high
and low these are like j.crew or maybe
like Nordstrom down to forever 21 and
Urban Outfitters you still want to look
really crisp and polished because it's
your first impression and that's really
important make sure you hit at least one
trend if you're interviewing at a
clothing store but don't fall under the
mistake of wearing all the trends at
once you don't want to wear like a fur
vest and a leopard top and like your
velvet skirt all at once I would advise
not to give yourself a last-minute
makeover whether it's tacking off your
bangs or you know bring those glitter
lips because you don't want to look like
you're wearing a disguise you want to
look like yourself and you want to be
confident in that
you should just use common sense be
about ten minutes early for an interview
just so you can compose yourself and be
familiar with your surrounding and not
have to rush in late or be too early and
meet the secretary uncomfortable and you
should talk turn off your cell phone and
electronics because the interviewer
should be your priority you shouldn't
pay attention to anything else
don't forget good eye contact and if
you're nervous around people and/or it's
an important job interview like just
look at this middle part of like between
the brow or but before head it looks
like you're looking at them the eye but
you don't have to actually do the scary
thing I'm making eye contact before the
interview you should always be prepared
you should know a little bit of a
company or the president of a company if
it's a clothing store you should know a
line that's sold there and the trends
that are happening right now and it's a
restaurant you should go something on
the menu
really love and things that are that the
restaurant is famous for sometimes an
interviewer might ask you a question
that you're really unclear about but
don't be afraid to ask them to restate
the question because the worst thing
that could happen is you rambling on for
five minutes about a question that they
didn't ask and that just makes you look
really unprofessional and kind of
scatterbrained if you're really nervous
don't be afraid to pause before
answering your questions because you'll
at least be composed and have a well
thought out answer rather than just
stutter and rambling and just being a
mess you should always overestimate a
job interview you can never be too
professional or too prepared
you
instead of fidgeting what you can use
hand gestures to talk about no I do
