hi guys I'm Jen nice sad face episode is
gonna give up first dates because we all
know how hard they are and how you're
gonna feel anxious and have butterflies
and stuff we're throwing you some tips
because the least thing you should be
worried about is higher dressed and
we've also categorized first days in two
different types yeah so we have a
daytime one a traditional one for a
Music Park step one for concerts and
shows if you're going somewhere
traditional like a movie at a dinner
don't wear what I'm wearing don't be too
trendy don't wear a bright lip don't
wear a headscarf keep it really nice and
girly because a bunch of these a bunch
of these trends only girls understand
it's more like a girl pretty thing and
what if a guy sees doing like oh my god
that she wears too much makeup
stick with really girly textures like I
would I would probably wear a lace on a
dinner
if your dance at a concert or a show
it's probably pretty casual and so you
could just wear what you want really
like just panties like some fun edgy
jewelry or something it's about the act
that you're going to see not about how
you look or how he looks it's about
having a good time so if he doesn't like
your outfit it's gonna be dark in there
and you guys are gonna be staring at the
band anyway
your daytime lunch date you want to keep
your makeup really minimum as well
because you don't want any lipstick in
your teeth you don't want to worry about
things that are completely pointless you
keep it casual but cute because you
don't want to look like you're trying
way too hard
keep it effortless I would I would go
for more of a floral print because it's
very like daytime friendly
your first dates in amusement park you
want to do minimal and/or waterproof
makeup in case you want to log right or
something and for accessories you'll
want to keep it to a minimum two things
that you know you're not going to lose
because the last thing you want is to
have something fall off on the roller
coaster make sure your shoes are cute
flats or Oxford's something that's
comfortable to walk in and you're not
going to stumble in and don't forget a
car to get in for nighttime because it's
going to be cold when you're going to
look at all the other fireworks
Jacob says are alone we have no
fireworks the flowers go right on your
boob I know you know like yesterday who
miss catch there's a lot of antair be
careful Sarah I just aggravated them I
think ya answer pulling on my feet
Oh No
