hi everyone my name is Jeff and I'm Sara
and today's fit tip is to shop in
different sections and I know it sounds
like really obvious but it makes a huge
difference because other sections might
have things that fit you well the men's
section is a great place to check out
for graphic tees flannels and oversize
cardigans it's basically where you can
find all things you need to like try out
that boyfriend look okay for instance I
got this oversized sweater at Google and
I just really liked the color and the
pattern of it is this really textured
and it's got dark colors for fall but I
wouldn't have found this in the women's
section at all and the oversize fit will
let me wear it as a slouchy top or maybe
out of a dress even
if you have a little bit more of a
petite figure check out the children
section because it's great stuff for a
really cheap price I like to go to the
boys department because they have a lot
of like crop Blazers and crop denim
jackets for instance I got this cropped
denim jacket at Goodwill and I got this
on sale for 150 and the original price
is like three dollars
