hey guys that name Jen so schools coming
up and we decided to put out our
back-to-school episode we've broken down
the week by day and we're gonna tell you
little tips and each of us are gonna
have an alpha for each day and we're
gonna make our office more modest to
abide by your dress codes so that means
we're gonna be wearing a lot more flats
and if something it's still a little bit
too short or you think it's still too
revealing throw on a cardigan where to
start throwing some tights or pants and
you should be all set for school its
first day of school it's Monday and
you're probably feeling really anxious
and stressed I remember when it was the
first day of school for me like I was
feeling pretty nervous too but the key
is for for dressing yourself is to keep
it casual you don't want to dress too
much because you don't want to look like
you're trying too hard or you're like
going to prom or something because
you'll actually stand out of the crowd
by keeping it casual
so everyone will have exhausted all
their energy and all their clothes on
mondays so Tuesday's data you could take
to bring out the new trends that you
liked and the clothes that you just
bought because everyone else will be
kind of more casual that day and you'll
send out
for us Wednesday was late start so that
meant that we had a little bit of extra
time to get to put a little bit more
thought into our makeup and our outfits
as well so I mean if you have some extra
time you should try a different makeup
look whether it's like a dark lip or a
bright lip or do your hair differently
you put in a high bun curl it
I think every girl needs a break from
you know like Justin to prim and proper
so also keep there's a really casual
throw on a banty a sweater or even like
a really slow maxi dress
you
on Fridays you'll want to find outfits
that will transition well tonight when
you're going to go out hang out with
friends go to restaurants or movies so
just wear whatever we want that's like
fun and glam and wearing all your fun
accessories and maybe even try some
platforms too because the really big
fall trend and she get used to walking
in them and platforms are actually
easier to walk in that people think
because the ball part of the shoe is
much closer to the heel part than a
normal high-heeled shoe and there's it's
a flatter surface to walk on
