so guess what I have another bad hair
day tutorial and you can turn your hair
into a asymmetrical updo I guess and
it's really simple to do and here's how
to do it what you be needing for this
hairstyle is a hairbrush and I got this
from CBS for I think $1.99 you can use
any brush as long as it gets the knots
out you're all good seconds you're going
to need a lot of moving pins and I just
put them inside this all toidy case
because they fit perfectly in here I got
this idea from the youtuber of your
lifestyle and she has a bunch of
organization tips and hairstyles and she
does like fashion hauls to such
demolition girl going to need a really
thin hair tie and I teased these and
they always come in a pack like housing
but I always nice to loose them all
alright so let's get started so what
you're gonna do is you're gonna brush up
your entire head of hair now let's brush
it out you're gonna want to break it now
that's done you're going to get your
braids out and you're going to twist it
around your head as if it or a headband
and I'm getting a lot of life ends right
now maybe like six or seven so we can
put two on the side and I like to
crisscross it because I will I like to
think that it actually works better then
you're gonna want to add more more pins
to secure the braids and I'm going to
put like six or seven in here but make
sure the lines are sticking out or else
seriously look like pinhead or something
chef W guilty on and lastly this is
optional you can take out a section of
your hair out and have it like kind of
like a asymmetrical elegant thing
and this is great for a summer day we're
just gonna get all the hair out of your
face and your neck as long as you have
won your tie and seven to ten bands and
you guys are all set
all right thanks for watching guys bye
this is this ordeal vegetable
