hey guys I'm Jenna and I'm Sarah we know
we don't put any purses in our outfit
videos so today we're dedicating our
video to just purses so we're going to
show you most of our courses and we're
gonna categorize them into five
different types I have this light brown
purse I think it's coach and it's
leather the funny thing is that it's my
aunt's purse and my mom gave it to me
saying she's gonna donate to Goodwill
anyway so I'm saving you a step and it's
my media curse because it's a pretty
neutral color and it's a decent sized
purse I don't have my wallet in here and
it's pretty big so it fits it all and I
just like it because it probably
probably go with every outfit I have so
my go-to purse is this fake Chanel about
that I got at Goodwill so it's kind of
like Finnell because it's fake it fits
everything in my bag it's got like three
components and yeah I was like a bunch
of like napkins in here nothin random
trash and I feel like it makes every
outfit a little bit more elegant because
it has like the nicest chain gold detail
for my nighttime purse I have this shiny
low number and I think I think the
sparkles are great for the nighttime
because I mean it's very dark so it's
always good to kind of like glisten a
little bit to get like a little bit more
attention I got this little black beaded
purse from forever 21 like a year ago or
something and it just looks really fancy
and it was less than ten dollars and
it's really little but I think it's
pretty elegant and I like to take it to
shows and stuff because I can just put
my ID and like a lot of money in there
and like sling it around my shoulder so
I don't care anything walnut a show and
there's a huge crowd near me
for my day tempers I have this one it's
got like this cool wicker basket weaving
and like a cream trim and stuff and it's
got with a gold chain thing I got it
from eBay girls calm and I don't know
it's just a really nice light color and
it runs me have springtime and stuff and
I don't it doesn't matter what season it
is I like Twitter bright things so for
my daytime perks I have this small
structure and cell bag and it's awesome
makes it small but it's very heavy-duty
because it's like super structure and
really hard and I can take a lot of wear
and tear and it just whenever I put it
with an elf it just instantly makes it
look like a lot more casual and like
gives me sound like a vintage feel to it
so it's really important for me to get a
really decent school back because I have
scoliosis so I have to care them about
Pat girls like my back aches and it
really sucks so I have this backpack
from batgirls calm and you sound like a
Cadillacs and lullaby just pop that off
and now just it's like Mary like Chloe
Jake it's really cute it looks wonderful
on has two straps here and it can also
be used as just like a regular purse too
if for some reason I don't want it to
wear as a top pack or if it gets like
too crazy I can just like slip these
little loops in and have a backpack on
for school I use this shot at dark
mahogany I think it's a faux leather
purse and it's got this nice thick strap
and there's a lot of cool compartments
like this front one for with your
planner and it kind of like opens up all
the way to like it's a book or something
and then like your whole life is in here
my statement purse is this Dooney &
Bourke bag that I got at Goodwill
actually I just love leather and
structured purses so this was like a
really clear sign for me and I normally
have bags with the long straps but this
was like a little handbag that I just
carry and it's really just for looks
because it's not very flexible but I
don't have any other piece like it so I
think I needed money my statement purse
is this bejeweled hold of black leather
purse and it kinda reminds me of like
Jeremy Scotts collection because it's
really gaudy but it's really interesting
to look at and it's pretty big I mean
you can fit a little on there and
they're just like snaps back shut
