hey guys they're here and I'm back from
why now so since Jen made her summer
trends video I'm going to show you my
favorite pics for summer it's really fun
to play with retro looks so since seven
days is in right now I'm loving this
blouse with this mustard and black
pattern on it and it's really nice to
pair with like high-waisted 70s wash
denim
you
trend on modding is a nautical trend
because it kind of signifies that whole
like faux ocean sea and that's really
good for summer and to like that out I
got this navy blue and white striped
frock and it's like a short little dress
with pockets so it's really nice to go
out in summer nights
an accessory Trenholm Lonnie is bold
cuffs like this one that Jenny got for
me when she was in London and it's just
this nice gold braided pattern and it's
kind of got a boho feel which is nice
in summary you really want to wear
lightweight and just cooler materials
like that so I like this Maxie sheer
skirt because it's got a really bold
color and it's great for putting over it
somewhere
Oh
