hi my name is Rebecca Castellanos I am a
student I go to mount sac I've been
there for two years
I work at a smoothie place and a
receptionist and I'm a photographer so
kind of like a whole jumble of things
colors I really like the pastel color
also really love Indian food love Indian
food so if you ever want to go to Silver
Lake Echo Park and check out electric
Lotus it's a really good Indian
restaurant I'm lipstick
I love lipstick colors cuz I watched
your video done about unlike putting on
lipsticks and just you know going like
out on the town whenever like just to
dress up usually I just go to concerts
in LA so you ever want a hit a blow in
theory that's every Wednesday their
shows at the echo the echo Plex
there's also coal museums to check out
so if you ever want to go to the Getty
or the Hammer Museum LACMA nope
everything's pretty much going on all at
once I first picked up photography when
I was 15 or 16 and I just was fishing
through the garage and my dad's old
camera I'm just
and it was an old film camera and I was
really intrigued by it it's like a
really old relic and you kind of have to
figure it out and figure out how
photography was done back then and so
that really kind of translated into now
where I'm using digital photography but
it's still kind of a challenge for me so
I'm still learning new things all the
time
it's really my creative outlet because I
can go any direction I want I really
like dresses I'm just so used to wearing
dark colors like black and grays and I
really want bright colors and fun
scarves and hats and accessories I
really like five stars because they're
good way to save money but also still
dress really chic and stylish if you
know if you ever find something that you
know that you can alter you can make it
your own that's a really good way for
you to be creative just to cut and sew
and make things your route even though
they go on to someone else's for a while
so it's a good way to bring things from
the past into the future I'm really into
the jazzy kind of feel so waxed Taylor
is definitely a good fine that I just
came upon a couple days ago casserta is
one of my favorites
I would definitely put that on a mixtape
along with other jazzy kind of songs and
like little dragon or Raphael Saadiq or
something
