hey everybody I'm Sarah and I'm Jenny
today our video is going to be on our
basic closet essentials and we think
these items are our essentials because
you can basically mix and match them any
way you want
yeah so that way you build a wardrobe
with clothes that you're actually gonna
wear so today we've whipped out eight of
our favorite cause essentials we picked
up button down for a closet essential
because it's perfect when you want to
have like that crisp and preppy look and
it's perfect for all your formal knees
so I have this button now that I got out
that's from bdg and I like this because
a little bit different than your average
fine down because it's got kind of like
a patchwork on the stomach so that
even though it's kind of a nightmare
when you have to go to the bathroom
they're pretty low maintenance otherwise
like you don't worry about tucking it in
and they're so basic
because throwing whatever crazy jewelry
or prints you want underneath and one
that I love is this one I got it good
well it's just a nude floral lace one so
that's a texture but it's not so crazy
because it's a new color the ins are
great for layering to share things and
also I mean perfectly fine to wear these
as undergarments as well especially when
your bottom is really loud and patterned
besides clothes you can also have
essential accessories and one for us is
of black belts because black is a
classic color and leather it's really
classy and it's great for when you want
to give a formless dress shade and this
one is from Goodwill I've had it for
like two years now it's like my Old
Faithful belt
I think every girl should have a
comfortable pair of platforms in their
closet because it's great for when you
want that extra height you've seen these
in most of our videos
it's Lolita and I think they're super
comfortable and walking and they've got
like a badass like five inch heels so
with these I'm like around like five six
so that's always fun to be that high
we think that cardigans are essential
for every wardrobe especially ones in
neutral colors because they match with
everything they're really important when
you feel like your legs are too they're
because they're great to offset that the
one that I love right now is this one
that's from American Apparel actually
and it's just this nice neutral gray
color and it's super comfortable
there are times when you think that your
elephants a little bit too effeminate
and girly so blades are and can toughen
it up and make it look a little bit more
sharp and crisp a blazer is also great
for like work situations and interviews
we are big fans of highways did anything
a pair of good fitting high-waisted
pants you shouldn't be afraid to splurge
on them either I got these from American
Apparel they're just basic black pants
but they're high-waisted and these
that'd be great and they make anything
you wear even a banty look really
tailored
