hey guys I'm Jen and this is my friend
Nia and we're gonna do stop for a phoner
and right now we're in London I am Nia
and my channel here on YouTube is the SS
I live here in London I'm a student I'm
a law student I really really hate it
I'm originally from Hong Kong that's
feel like most of my money goes towards
hat bags like me like they're more with
a professor then I will use them now and
I think I would be using them 20 years
down the line hang the P Eng Eng
which means hots findt which kind of
means I think which is bad maybe I
shouldn't curse on this bed
I like the stuff that they have in
London but I feel like everyone in
London kind of has the same thing so I
in the set were shopping wise I like
shopping in Hong Kong just because it's
cheaper as well I kind of think that
people in London are more
fashion-forward and they have more of a
unique style but at the same time both
of them have their pros and cons but
overall I would say Hong Kong just
because I could shop in an alcohol and
wear my stuff here and then I kind of
stand out more then I would always
suggest Brickley parts of our market or
the Notting Hill area I also think
Carnaby Street has a few kind of vintage
stores
a lot of people say that they don't want
to wear certain things because they're
afraid that it might look not look good
on them they're afraid that their
friends might laugh at them they're
afraid that it's not really considered
fashionable and the way I look at it is
if you want to wear something you should
wear I don't think your body size should
matter I don't think you'd the way your
shape should matter I don't think if
you're taller short I don't think that
should matter I think if you like
something you should wear it if you're
like me I wouldn't necessarily go out in
a blue chew and kind of have your bits
hanging out but I would definitely say
that if you want to wear something you
should go I like the accent but everyone
kind of assumes that everyone in this
country speaks like Hugh Grant which is
completely false a lot of them have
terrible English actually I would say
that Americans sometimes speak better
English than the British people do we
have these kind of people called chavs
they wear a lot of gold jewelry and
tracksuit bottoms like pajama bottoms
that you would wear um they kind of wear
it walking around on the street they're
often topless they don't speak very good
English so there is a lot of hype
surrounding British boys and I would say
that the hype is false thank you for
clearing that up
