hey guys I'm Jen I'm Sara club tops have
been on trend for a while now but you
don't have to break the bank to have a
really cool crop top you can just go to
Goodwill grab a shirt and a girl and
what you guys really eating is just any
old shirt and in fact we've got this
really billowy shirt but this material
isn't the ideal material for making crop
tops but I mean we're just names anyway
cuz patandjill EQ and it's just we just
know it's gonna flow really nice
material such as like Jersey or cotton
is the best for cutting because it's not
going to fray like I've washed this at
least like four or five times but the
edge is still like super clean so I
guess stick with Jersey and Cotton's if
you're all gonna be needing a pair of
scissors and you can have a marker if
you want to just to like I guess like
show where you're gonna cut but we just
kind of eyeball it you guys will see I'm
going to turn this top into a crop top
and all you need is your shirt and your
scissors and like Jen said a panic
optional but so I'm just gonna try this
on and snip it where I want it and then
cut it so I just put it on just to see
how it would fall on me and you should
always snip a little bit longer than you
want because you could always make it
shorter but you can't reattach other
parts of the shirt so you kind of want
to overestimate it a little bit
the whole is right here it's pretty
conspicuous if you made a mistake and
you just want to lay your shirt out flat
so it's not going to be uneven when you
cut it I'm just going to snip straight
across here's the crop top you made
yourself and the edges are going to get
a little frayed because of this material
but because of the pattern and the
collar everything I was planning on
wearing it casually and the frame kind
of makes it look more distressed anyway
