these are happening so this is the room
that Ben and I are staying in a million
solos and then I'm here hot new genius
Center a TV that was gently brought head
turn off how's it pull down there at
this point here
so on how good the English are
basketball
you guys do have a team not know
effective and then there's a book of
goodies until Hampton Jen I will do an
unboxing later as you can see what kind
of greeting are inside the bathroom I'm
still about to arrive so we're just
going to hang out and then we'll show
you the rest of the mentioned what did
we do so as you can tell we are very
happy to be here
I can't leave it's our second year I
know last year was amazing
I mean it's revolved they don't do
things half-assed I in England um they
were very happy I'm just excited to see
everyone as all the crew and like a
bunch of influences we know ok so on
that short walk we are just arriving at
health number
in
morning
hello we're on our way to yoga a little
worse for wear today but you know
nothing like some stretching will fix
so we finished morning yoga it was a
great start to the day had a sigh evil
now it is time for lunch after right now
yes so stoked for breaking I some ones
that I do it closes off
oh absolutely
yeah go ahead only down all right it is
time to chill we filmed for outfits
today really smash those out but now
it's time for the pool
good morning everybody hit it the next
day last night was crazy it was so much
fun I can't believe that Club was
literally downstairs the house I'm
feeling a hundred okay maybe like 98
today I feel good we're at a beach club
in Montauk it is called hero Beach Club
and it's so cute
and I want to be touched by the water
you don't to be anywhere to be able when
the water chief to see the evening now
we just got back from the beach and it
is dinnertime Sean and James are the
best chefs ever and tonight's dinner is
touchdown my fav and I believe you used
a truffle cheese so very very excited
morning everybody
say it's a final day in the Hamptons
we're actually leaving a couple hours
last night was so much fun though they
set up this huge movie night thing
outside we saw mr. mrs. Smith and it was
awesome going eat all these snacks and
watch movies outdoors it was so lovely
but after that I was so tired and so I
went to the room and just fell asleep
before I left I realized I never did
this unboxing this is D Hamptons box I
was just packing up and I realized that
I probably don't want to pack this huge
bag because I don't think this is going
to be enough space so I thought I would
show you what's inside so Falcon take a
gander
here is the revolve bucks it's very
substantial okay alright first drop
we've got these cute strawberry fringe
tassel earrings either from fridge is
sterling and then there are these cute
palm tree earring
oh so give them say Jake I very cute and
then over here we've got some classic
seashells for beauty products we've got
a coconut face cream bike Aparri okay
it's very lightweight kind of milky mmm
it definitely smells like coconut got
orb a super shy and moisturizing cream
oh I love this this is the surf comer
tousled texture mousse Ivan you'd sin
forever but this is really great if you
want like that nice wavy beach look Oh
the ways wait spray for the classic and
then we've got this book Tom sugarfina
YUM
so there's a bunch of Cummings there's
rose a some lips flamingos and bears
Thank You RuPaul's
you
