everyone Oh sir I'm John and today we're
collaborating with a company called
living divine vintage and we thought
we'd work together because they share
the same love of vintage with drifted
pieces just like us yeah so we went to
their showroom and picked out eight
different items that we both really
loved and just put them together into
different outfits everything is up for
sale
on their website which will provide a
link and them yeah and this is a great
dress from that it's just cut it on this
bodycon shape to it and it fits your by
lip love it has this really nice
sweetheart neckline and this little
flirty skirt going over here and it's
kind of got a retro feel to it
I love this lace dress and it's not your
typical lace dress because the patent is
complete different there's no floral in
it and a lot of lace that has like blow
on it and this one's just a little bit
more like advanced lace and it's a trust
and here with anything you can tuck it
in and make it to a top
this top it says velvet and silky having
long sleeve talk and it is kind of
cropped and it's got these elongated
parts on the sides so it's really
whimsical and flowy and it's great for a
night out I love this kind of tribal
print dress it's got a little tribal
aspects to it and it's not like these
thick really crisp pleats on it and it's
got a sweetheart neckline and honestly
just like slip slip into this on like a
lazy day or even like sleep in it and
just like wake up and just like get your
day going in this dress
this floral laser was really nice
because it's got all these like delicate
and dark colors mixed in together which
is kind of unique and it's really good
to wear with basic plain items
underneath especially in the spring and
we were a little skeptical because the
shoulder pads are knit but let me divine
kind of made a call because I think it
give it a good shape
I find it a little bit difficult to find
pattern shorts but luckily these are
freaking perfect because we're really
into the botanical floral trend right
now and it instead of wearing like your
usual like floral top you can bring it
to the bottom so I think it's kind of
playful and it's still on trend which is
cool and it's very much our taste
I really want this knit sweater top
because when Jenna I pulled it out which
thought it was your basic sweater and we
could pretty much do anything with it
but you look closer and once you put on
the front has like this thicker bar here
so if you're the kind of person who is
afraid of showing their bra and sheer
tops or you're just not ready to this is
a really great way to hide any of your
undergarments
and we're loving this floral top with
like these bells shaped like sleeve and
it's not like ruffles here and a little
like we call this the 90s not we don't
really know what to call it but we just
called the nineties knot and we're
really silly not right now and it's
cropped and spread with some like like
high-waisted denim and you're all set to
go
