hey guys answer I'm Jen a lot of you
guys have asked me how I make my feather
earrings and it's quite simple it's the
same closet that I used for the how to
make earrings from broken Douglass's but
I'm Michigan guys anyway but before that
if you remember back in our joint video
that website gave us a promo code to
give you guys to give you 50% off on
your first piece of jewelry there and
the promo code is closing calendars 250
and if you look in the info box we're
gonna have more info free so what you
guys are eating is a feather necklace
from any retail store I got mine at
forever 21 and it was 580 you're gonna
need earring backings
and I got these from Michaels and these
are like three dollars and these are
that actually the same box that I used
for my last video and that was like in
December so these lasted me like for a
really long time and I saw the problem
so first step is to get the earring hook
and then you see that little part right
here you're gonna need a bed not so you
can use pliers or things your fingers
and I just use my fingers because I can
I don't have pliers at hook so most
necklace charms they're attached to the
necklace chain with a little hook see
that and so what you want to do is
you're gonna want to stretch that out
and then you're gonna want to attach it
to the earring backing the one they're
pointing out and then you're gonna wanna
stretch it out and it's really simple
because it's made out of like really
cheap material see it just came off next
you're gonna want to lay out your
feathers and then right now you can pick
out which feathers you want to attach to
your earrings okay now with the bent
earring backing I'm gonna attach the new
feather charms onto it and you can add
as many or as well as you want
so in this case I'm setting two okay and
after you finished you're just gonna
want to close the earring hook
