hey guys it's Sarah and it's jen and
today we're excited to tell you guys
about Joel mint kate bosworth and share
Coulter's jewelry line yeah it's truly
comes to these fun little cute boxes and
they're this nice like mint color and
what swingable about the website is that
there is a little like personality style
place I can take and so you can pick out
like what kind of style con that you
like and just like random like you're
gonna have like pictures of like eight
purses and then you pick out well /
select the best and etc and after it
takes you to a showroom and just kind of
matches out like jewelry that they think
that you might like and they did a
pretty good job like matching our styles
yeah there's well if I take those kind
of quizzes just feel like taking
personal like quizzes online yeah so
after we show you the pieces that they
match this up with we're going to show
you hedge two outfits we meet with them
one of the pieces that Joel meant
matched me up with was this in the rough
ring and it's just as big black stone
with a dull brass ring and it's really
nice because the doll Ross is like
low-key so you could wear in the daytime
but it's a big statement ring so you
could wear it at night and look really
sophisticated nice what Jolie matched me
up with were these Bermuda earrings and
they're so cool because it's just a
bunch of little triangles creating one
big triangle and there's little triangle
spreads on the bottom so it's really
elegant because it's a dangly earring
but also very funky too because the
color scheme is super cool because the
yellow really pops out and I also don't
really have that much yellow in my
wardrobe anyway so I think that'd be
really fun to try out
Oh
