hey guys I'm Jen I'm Sara today we're
going to do an about me tag just so you
can get to know us a little better so
here are 20 questions that we're gonna
answer for you guys 21:20 my middle name
is actually Korean it's Joey
yes I have a middle name and it's
Jacqueline I am Korean I am 100% Chinese
I'm five three
I am five one I'm really short my
favorite subject is English all my
favorite subjects in school was probably
our class which is like cliche to say
like but it I really like to draw so
that was before your class actually it's
been my favorite song for a while it's
the Flaming Lips ego tripping up the
gates of hell it's such a cool cool song
anyone who knows the lyrics is instantly
cool in my book I can sequences my
favorite song is there is no there by
the books I would probably want to make
you late time hmm oh I would really like
to have like a power to persuade people
just like everyone just like listening
to what I would say
for my lips I generally tend towards
taupe or chilli by Mac where my eyelids
I use Maybelline's I palette called give
me gold for the inner corners of my eyes
I use the second gold color and then I
use the widest shade as a highlighter
and then the two brown colors eyes just
like on my lids to get like my like my
winged eyeliner I just use Maybelline's
ultra liner and it's like waterproof
right now I'm just wearing foundation
some eyeliner and this dark purple matte
lipstick from the Sephora brand my
favorite book of all time is used to be
done by John Stimac my favorite book is
the coffer of orange and my friend
Ashley live in borrow it and it took me
a while to read it because the whole
book is did like in this crazy language
but there's like a source in the back or
there's a dictionary in the box so you
can always just like read through it and
eventually just start learning the
language and it just becomes like second
nature I don't actually have a favorite
perfume I don't wear perfume I just like
the smell of like laundry detergent
that's good enough for me I only like
one perfume because I'm really picky I
guess and it's misty or sherry but I've
been to Vancouver Canada Hong Kong
southern China and Thailand
basically all the Mamas I have in our
country I've been to Korea United
Kingdom Amsterdam what else never been
to oh I've been to Germany and that's
not it
yes I speak Korean I don't speak any
other language fluently besides English
but I did learn Spanish and sign
language at a pretty high level compared
to most other people I have one older
sister I have one older brother honestly
my favorite stores any thrift store I
don't really care for retail stores
because you can find the same thing at
thrift stores I just go there for like
the fit of things but there's nothing I
really like but I just hmm
when you're in store is honestly I like
steroids any any thrift store that has
cheap prices and ask you clothes if I
had to choose if I had to choose it
would be good will that count I don't
think so
cheese tomato and bacon epicMealTime my
favorite youtuber is food wishes
I love Chef John chef John's voice is
just so soothing and all this food is in
HD and I'm probably never going to make
any of it overall my favorite movie is
Heather's I just have a really soft spot
for it for some reason
if your movie is eternal sunshine was
flawless line
right now is Breaking Bad and always
kingvale
favorite TV show is the Colbert before
and Breaking Bad once I get back into it
Breaking Bad you see I am a Mac
