hey everybody I'm Sarah I'm John we're
pretty sure every girl has been in a
situation where they felt underdressed
so we have some quick tips for you and
all these items you can probably hear in
your purse or even in your car red
lipstick that's great for your skin tone
is a perfect essential for your purse
because if you're in an event where
you're to dress down lipstick will
instantly brighten up your face and make
you look more put together
carrying around a pair of heels is
always a good idea even if it's in the
back of your trunk because you never
know when you're gonna need them when
you're wearing heels it changes the way
you carry yourself like you're instantly
look more like I guess like put together
and more crisp and like your gauge
changes as well
boy pens or hair ties are also great to
have in your bag because you can type
your hair or pin your hair to one side
to create an intended style
