what's up guys my name is Jen and I'm
Sara and today I'm bringing you another
of our third tip and this tip is called
quick alterations yeah and it's really
great because you're small things that
you do very fast and then a really big
difference it's fun got this dress in
American Vintage maybe a year or so ago
and I really like the pattern just this
fun little like percentage or division
sign Oh Jen I mean this dress at the
teacher dress and I just love how it
feels it's really comfortable and it's
got this elastic but it's clearly too
big for me here like it should fit more
snugly and so this isn't the most
flattering dress on me but I love the
pattern so much that I had to have it so
the solution was to belt it and make it
more sleek and fitted silhouette
I got this gene button down at Goodwill
and it's a size extra-large but I bought
it anyway I wanted a gene button-down
for a really long time so I just bought
this one even though it's too big and my
solution is to roll to sleep does it
really matter about the bottom because
you could always just tuck it in or just
like tie into like a little like 90s
like not you will see that it's going to
make this up a lot better
as you can see this shirt is kind of
ill-fitting on me the stitching where
the shoulder supposed to be is like down
my arm right here it's kind of got this
nice tent effect going on but I like
this simple gold pattern and these three
huge pearl buttons I thought that maybe
I could wear as a crop top because it's
a little bit cropped but it's not tough
enough for my torso and it's still big
and shapeless so my solution is to just
tuck it into some shorts and just have a
little bit of this pattern and a little
bit of this effect going on without
showing the entire thing
you want to actually try it on and you
can look a little silly um so you get
your scissors and you kind of cut a
place that you would want to start
cutting so I kind of want to start here
like mid-thigh so I'm just going to cut
a little bit lower like maybe like two
inches lower so as you can see I cut a
little hole here and then we're going to
start off from there
CJ
you
