hey guys I'm Sarah I'm Jenna and today
we have another segment for you on
thrift tips and today's tip is to try
everything on you have to try things on
because you never know what it's cooked
like on your body type and something may
look cute on the hanger but let's try it
on you might find out that it's a little
too tight in some areas or it has a
silhouette that looks terrible on you or
you can look at something that's really
frumpy it and you realize that oh hey
it's actually really cute and don't be
scared about the smells or anything else
because it's just clothes and you can
wash your wash the clothes after and if
you just wash yourself it's no big deal
I don't really know if I've need a
register right now but or if you even if
it fits me because it's kind of wide but
I guess I'm never gonna know unless I
try it on I tried on the bright red
skirt that I found earlier and I wasn't
sure if it was even gonna fit me well
but it actually fits me like perfectly
and I think I'm gonna get it because I
realize now that I don't have any red
skirts and that's probably why they call
my attention in the first place I picked
out this military-inspired blazer and it
is a size 4 but I mean you can't really
not really trust those store sizes
because body types change through the
decade and so a size four in 1980 could
be a lot different than a size four now
and what I love about is the length and
I love the buttons I love the collar and
but I don't know what it's a little Pike
until I try it on
so I mean until then so I turn on this
jacket and I like it I love the length
and um I mean I think if it's well
what's that you got the shoulder pads
it's gonna be perfect I thought this
water would look good it's called the
components that I love to have the bows
I have the rouging you had this color
but I mean this is just off no it's not
cute it's got like this football you
know like I look like a linebacker and
I'm really gonna try it on or else I
would have gotten it and just look
stupid you need to trust your gut in
thrift stores because there are so many
things to look at that you might get
disoriented so just letting your
instincts be your guide and seeing what
catches your eye will really help you
pick out a few items to try on
realistically because if not you'll be
overwhelmed and just stare at everything
in the store without making any moves
and there's a reason your things catch
your eye it might be a color or a
certain characteristic of the item but
subconsciously you know that it will be
your taste just by stepping into it the
store your trusting your gut that
there's something there for you even
though it's not really a conventional
place to shop
to be honest I'm not too sure about this
dress but I mean I think the colors drew
it to me and the sleeves are pretty
unique it's got the Dolman sleeves that
are really cute for spring it's got a
drawstring so I can like pull it up and
make it high-waisted and belt it so
we'll see after I try it on if my gut
was right when I first got this dress it
was a maxi dress but I basically just
like tucked all the fabric in and then
just belted it so I mean so far I mean I
think I think it's a good dress I'm glad
turn it on the arm fits like a glove and
I love the sleeve and the color is
pretty nice but I'm still kind of unsure
about it but I do like it
strauss-kahn my eye for obvious reasons
it's not this really bright Hawaiian
sequin pattern and it's this really nice
dark purple color but I'm not sure how
it's gonna fit on me because it's quite
long and it's got shoulder pads so
that's always something to take into
consideration but I guess it never hurts
to try it on so here's the dress that I
picked out with that's purple and has
the sequins
and I thought it might look good but it
clearly doesn't it's much too long even
though I tucked in the bottom hem see
how it would look shorter and the fit is
actually really bad on me so I'm glad I
try this on because now I'm not gonna
think what is with this dress because I
know it is look good
