hey guys I'm Kevin and I'm Sarah and
today we're just going to show you three
of our favorite dirty items so far I
absolutely love this dress and Sarah got
it for me at the Fairfax flea market and
it's a little cute tie so you can look
like super proper and almost like a
schoolgirl
but if you know like I'm like Alicia and
you've got this like casual but like
cool geometric print dress I'm really
excited to wear this in the springtime
situation
and nothing I'm loving right now is my
Tiger sweater it's just got this huge
tire on the front and the back and it
has these these tiger stripes leaves I
wear as a dress I really love it and I
got it from the Rose Bowl flea market
which is this huge crazy things but if
you find love one-of-a-kind items like
this
another piece that can catch me in on
any type of day is this Boyle blue
cardigan and I got the same goodwill and
I'm obsessed with like the braiding
material you know I don't know what they
did but it looks like a braid I mean
it's like a cable and it kind of pattern
but it's just like a nice little blue so
you can like wear with anything you know
if you're gonna explore the color you
might as a start off with blue it's I
think it's the best primary color in my
opinion that's one's also really cool
it's double-breasted so you can kind of
enclose it and have a little like jazz
one of my favorite dirty pieces in my
closet right now is my faux fur cake I
got at I think I got an American vintage
and Melrose for 60 bucks it was a real
steal just caught my eye because of the
light color fur and it's it's a really
good quality piece and I only wear them
to special occasions like I worked for
New Year's when me and Jen were out at a
New Year's Eve party but I really love
this piece
to the kitchen
okay
one of my all-time favorite pieces is my
pink floyd band t-shirt and that's for
$5 and it is genuine vintage like I
think they got it at the concert or
something but it was so cheap and I got
the Rose Bowl flea market and if you
catch me an off day I'm usually wearing
a banty because he could literally just
throw it on and like not more pants just
more like leggings or like stockings and
you've got like an incident like edgy
but a comfortable outfit
another piece that I love is the seafoam
cardigan with this cream pattern on it
you might have seen it in our
back-to-school video and I've had it for
like half a year or so now and I still
love it to death I got it from Goodwill
for less than $10 and it's one of my
favorite pieces in all time
and I'm not come at this time
