hey guys my name is Jen and I'm Sara as
you all know Jen and I are avid drifters
we've been drifting for so long that we
become immune to the odd sights and
smells but I know a lot of you guys
don't think that way I mean many people
think that their stores are dark dank
and smelly and cluttered places but we
just want to change that so we're
starting a segment in which we'll
demonstrate and give details on some
tips and tricks that we've come across
and also some words of caution and our
first tip is to always go with a friend
two eyes are always better than one and
every retail store there's always a time
when the racks are cluttered unruly but
in a thrift store it's especially
overwhelming so when you have two sets
of eyes you got more people to dissect
the pile
you
make sure you don't go with a
competitive friend because if you go in
the competitor friend the whole time
you're just going to wonder like what is
she getting and if she had something to
cure than you then you're just gonna be
so disappointed so make sure you go with
a good friend there should always be
this mutual understanding that you guys
can always share the clothes and you
guys should look out for each other and
not compete
I found this all green blazer and I
really liked it but Jen actually pointed
out some great features of it that may
be loved even more and I needed double
buttons they're really cute yeah and the
black cuff and but since I found it
first it's gonna be mine and she always
knows that she can borrow
make sure you go with the friends on a
cover by hoverer I mean a friend who's
literally attached to your shoulder you
don't want that it's always fun to
divide the store and then and then
separate and after you guys regroup and
talk about your finds that way you can
see the store completely
you should always go with someone who
knows your tastes
for instance Jen and I have very similar
styles but a lot of things that we have
are would work for one person more than
the other and if I see something that's
really nice that I know personally I
wouldn't wear it I would still pick it
out anyway because it's a really nice
item and she might like it hey you want
to guess so I picked out this top for
Sara which is cute but it's I think it's
more of Sarah's taste because it's
extremely soft and stretchy and I know
she likes just like roll on a bed just
like get our day going so I think this
would be the perfect transition from
pajama to daytime I found this sweater
on it's a really nice pattern it's kind
of reminiscent of the leopard print
sweaters that we've seen and stuff and
it's really long so we want is a dress
but I personally don't wear these kinds
of sweaters that I know that Jenn loves
Leopard
you
