hey guys it's time check plane up there
are rules in fashion that people try and
follow yeah but we're gonna tell you to
break them instead every season there's
someone on TV telling you what the
season colors are and what's out but
it's kind of nice to ignore the season
colors and contrast it with past seasons
such as wearing dark colors in the
sunnier months and bright colors in the
colder months
a traditional rule is not to wear gold
and silver jewelry together but by doing
so you're creating a nice contrast of
different colors and it gives you kind
of this nice like shine to it it's also
very unexpected to do that since it's
such an old traditional rule and it kind
of gives your outfit a little bit more
edge
laughter yield gives you the opportunity
to where are your shoes season wide
because you can wear your open toe shoes
in the wintertime by just adding a sock
underneath it and socks illegals also
changes the outfit into a little bit
more quirky outfit
we're not telling you to just go out and
wear your bra out in the town or
anything but lingerie pieces such as a
corset or bustier are actually really
nice and give you a kind of a lot of
coverage the sweetheart neckline is also
very flattering and feminine on your
figure and it just gives your outfit a
nice flirty and like sexy look and
that's kind of how lingerie is in
general
I'm flashing if done right can be very
eccentric and fun and fashion shouldn't
be all about being prim and proper you
know sometimes it's just your
personality you're feeling really good
that day like why not wear dots with a
floral pattern like nothing should
dictate what you should wear
