hi I'm Sarah and I'm Jenny we just
wanted to wish you guys happy 2011 and
we wanted to share with you some
resolutions that we need for this year
my first resolution for 2011 is to read
all school materials whose semester and
for this whole year and that's always my
resolution every year and I never seem
to follow it but I know that it would
actually make a really big difference in
my classes and how I feel about them so
my first resolution is to work out four
to five times a week and I've had a gym
membership for I think a year now and I
think I went back to them like two weeks
like just straight back to back working
out and I need I just really need to
change that another one is to read a
book a month and you guys think that we
read a lot but we our opinions of it is
like I don't really read that much
actually recently I got 7 books at
Barnes & Noble's because they were
having a sale by two you get one free or
something I have a lot of books that I
have on my shelf right now that I'm
really excited to get into and I hope
that having a resolution will actually
make me commit to that my mom cooks
dinner for my family at least five or
six times a week
it must be hard to like work and cook
and clean for all of us
so my resolution is to cook dinner for
my family at least once a week and I
decided that day is gonna be Wednesday
I'm trying this year also to just eat
out only once a week at the most because
I see that I eat out about five times a
week because of work and school and
stuff and I just don't have time to to
go home and cook and stuff and I just
end up like getting the first thing I
see which is usually kind of expensive
so if I think that effort I think need
save some money after winter I'm gonna
be finished with my classes until the
fall because that's what I see when I if
I got accepted to a university and so
during that downtime I'm gonna find an
internship that has to do with my major
because then you're sure that I have
right now is just kind of winding down
and
so I just want to find something else
that will give me experience this year I
also wanted to try to spend only a
quarter of my paycheck except for
emergencies or if something is really
really ridiculously cute because I think
I just been kind of recklessly and I I
don't have much to show for it my bank
account I think I'm guilty of like
missing calls and not returning them or
reading texts and not returning them so
this year I'm going to answer all my
calls and all my texts and I think my
friends will thank me as you can see I'm
wearing hat which I normally don't do
because I actually have kind of a lot of
hats and I never wear any of them I just
buy them and if they just sit on my
shelf and stuff so this year I'm gonna
try to incorporate them more into my
outfits
my last resolution is to make new cool
encounters video every week for you guys
and for us because we really enjoy
making them and I think you guys enjoy
watching them so I think it's a win-win
situation
