hey guys I'm Sarah and I'm Jen we went
into our LM shoe collections and today
I'm going to show you some of our
favourite shoes and I'm going to tell
you where we got it how much they were
and where you can find your own pair
we're gonna post links at the bottom to
show you our exact shoes or similar
styles
I don't these saddle shoes from forever
21 420-480 they're just this really nice
lace up with the black and cream color
combination it really plays into the
whole collegiate love with our big
sweaters and letterman jacket I've got
these charcoal Oxford's that I got at
forever 21 and they're a bit stiff but
all for between when she's a little bit
stiff but I just have to break them in
these were around 24 82 what I love
about this shoe is that the company has
distress them previously so it looks
like you got these at the store I got
these black lace-up boots from space
1520 it's a flea market that happens
every Sunday they were $45 and they're
vintage Nine West from the 90s which is
an odd thing because the 90s was not
that long ago Sal just Stettin seems to
regenerate every 20 years or so these
are white lace tops with added soft
detail and I got these out additional
Alabama and Pomona and these were $28
which is pretty much a steal because
they're lace-ups a they keep your feet
warm because they have a sock and it's
wool shearling all underneath this shoe
I have these heels from this brand
called salt
I think I'm not pronouncing it right but
these were a great piece my mom actually
bought them for me either this nice
burgundy color they're about 90 bucks
but they're very comfortable they are a
great quality shoe and they're worth
every penny I got these cheetah Oxford's
at forever 21 for 2480
leopard prints making a strong comeback
for fall and winter and so if you don't
want to wear like a leopard coat you
could just add a little jazz your outfit
with
shoo I don't these heels that are this
gray color and grace can kind of spent a
lot of your ranges I got these at
Goodwill for $7 again and I just like
them a lot because they are kind of a
unique color you don't really see this
kind of gray especially like at night
times with evening wear you'd only see
black pumps these are the shoes that I
literally wear every single day of my
life they are the most comfortable shoes
I've ever stepped foot in and you can
see them in all our videos but I just
love it because it's got a woven pattern
here and there town which I love and
these were I think these are like 50
bucks at the shoe store called base and
that is the name of the brand of the
shoe as well I've got these white
Oxford's
from American vintage they were I think
about 20 bucks and then just these nice
and bold white oxford they're a nice
twist because most Oxford's are black
people wear so it's nice to have
something white to pop your make your
outfit pop these tan Jeffrey Campbell's
and I think the style is called the log
in and what I really like about these
shoes is that the flap actually turns
out words too so you have two looks for
these I like when you can customize your
shoe you kind of lot more like a preppy
look you can just like fold in but if
you want to more like equestrian look
you can fold them up it's the lace-ups
and they're extremely comfortable this
is actually my staple shoe might go to a
shoe night and day because they're
really comfortable I broke them in these
are from Goodwill for seven dollars or
so they're just it's nice like brown
loafer you went with and without socks
I've got a new pair of brown blaze up
boots and they're just extremely basic
they're very comfortable I thought these
were $35 at space 15 20 and they are
just a staple shoe that I just love it
it's a different brown the color it's
more of like a chestnut color
and these are the lace-up the lattice
slingbacks that you've seen from our our
concert video and I really love these
they have these big heel and they're
these black just lattice pattern heel
it's really nice I think I got them for
the they're for everyone so they must be
less than 30 bucks I have these black
cutouts from Dean and Ozzie and I got
these at Urban Outfitters
these are $68 well I like about them is
that it's a big chunky shoe which I love
and it has the cutouts to and the
lace-ups too so it's like three things I
love in one shoe and they're easy to
walk in they're comfortable and they're
a good piece to invest in
