hi I'm Jen
I'm Sara and today we're going to talk
about some of the summer-like items that
were really crazy bad we're gonna show
in three different looks we're gonna
have a summer look and we're gonna have
a lazy day look we're just kind of
feeling fun and then third look is gonna
be just a girl outfit okay and my first
like summer item is this I got it at a
good old thrift store for probably like
close by books don't even know anymore
really cute thing that you throw on for
daytime at the park or something okay
for my summer look I actually picked out
these acid-washed denim shorts we're
just kind of cut off think these are all
my $13 she's really cheap for shorts
anyway really love about them is that
they're ripped but the previous owner
just sewed them together in that like
red thread
when my lazy outfit I picked out a
striped shirt from hmm and size small
even though it looks like it's an
extra-large because of the small fin
sleeve here so I'm your art fits in here
and then the rest of your body just has
kind of slings in here
hide your food baby in this tunic for my
lazy outfit I'm actually wearing it
right now because I'm feeling kind of
lazy making these videos really loose
horizontal striped tee that I got from
forever 21 I like it because it's just
loose and flowy and you just you just
fall asleep in it and then wake up the
next day and function
and for my girly outfit I chose this
you can't let see all of it right now
but you'll see it later it's pretty much
just a black dress with these really
nice peach and blue floral pattern and I
had to get it because it says size small
which is you can't enough a size small
which is you whatever you can see its
size small and that's really rare to
find something actually fits you add a
thrift store sometimes and it's just
this really loose silhouette but it's
really
it's another piece from H&M it's this
denim floral zip up skirt and as you can
see I'm really obsessed with zippers
right now yeah just like summer I'm just
really tight and I'm scrolling and we
just don't feel like a woman
show you some of our favorite new stores
and I'll shop along with some tips
installation
you
