finally summer is my favorite season so
it's time for a lookbook I got five
outfits that are perfect for hot weather
also if you're not subscribed please do
button is down there so hit it so you
don't miss any updates alright so let's
get into the lookbook all black in the
summer has never looked hotter I rocked
black on black for a cool athletic look
my t-shirt is huge and I just love the
graphic in the back because it has all
these Greek gods I really loved learning
about that in school so it's just like a
little reminder for my elementary self I
did a little half tuck into these runner
shorts for a sporty feel and then I
rocked my van stay comfy in the heat
this next outfit is ideal for sunny days
out for this look I'm wearing some white
on white this little wrap top from aria
my is one of the easiest pieces to style
because it just complements anything
like this fringe skirt I love that it
has so much movement and swing with each
step and I can like totally imagine
myself dancing the night away in the
summertime always makes me want to bring
out some unusual materials like mesh so
I thought it was time to style this
daring yellow top this was kind of
tricky to style but I thought the best
way to go about it was to pair this with
the pleather bra over it for more
coverage for bottoms I'm wearing the
denim cutoffs to complete this Kill Bill
inspired look
so here we have a super casual summer
outfit I think this is great for every
day I'm wearing a fitted mock neck top
from guess and then I just tucked that
in to my two-tone denim skirt I love
that I'm wearing red white and blue but
it's not giving me like too patriotic
vibes
I think it's because of the checkered
belt it just breaks apart the colors
really nicely my last outfit is elegant
and fluffy I love wearing more color as
the weather gets warm and I think forest
green just really complements my olive
skin tone I love that this off the
shoulder top has straps so you don't
have to worry about fumbling with the
fabric or constantly pulling your shirt
up that's always annoying so having
those straps there are key okay alright
guys those are five of my summer outfits
if you want me to do more summer styling
videos please let me know in the
comments down below or if there is like
a certain fashion trend you want me a
style write down below also if you
couldn't tell I've got a new background
this is my new office and oh these
shelves are one sell took forever to get
here but I think it's all coming
together I can't wait to show you the
rest of this office that will probably
be in my like June monthly vlog but I
can't wait to give you guys a tour it's
all slowly coming together finally at
last I hope you guys have a beautiful
day and I'll talk to you guys in the
next one
Wow
you
