hey everyone welcome back today I'll be
feeling my skincare routine I've
partnered with SK 2 to show you how I
get unready every single night also if
you're not subscribed please do the
button is down below so hit that join
the family and let's get started right
when I get home I immediately take my
makeup off especially if I don't have
any plans after so my first step is to
go in with the simple wipe these wipes
are definitely no stranger to you I've
been using them for the past year or so
and I think they're the best wipes ever
they're not scented they're very gentle
and they do a great job moving that
first layer of makeup off look you guys
know that I double cleanse I'm using an
oldie but a goodie
origins checks and balances face wash
I'll just take like a little pea-sized
amount and then I'll start working that
into my face it's really thick creamy
and also gentle every night I need to
wash my face twice because I just need
to make sure that everything is off now
that my face is squeaky clean it's time
for toner I'm using SK twos facial
treatment clear lotion I'll drop maybe
three or four drops on a cotton round
and I'll use this to even my skin tone
and level out my pH balance on my face
and the step also removes any traces of
remaining makeup in case it wasn't
annihilated in the double cleanse now
it's time for my Holy Grail item sk
two's facial treatment essence if you
have been following me for a while now
then you know that I've been using this
twice a day for over three years now and
I just feel like this product is the
secret weapon for my smooth skin the
magic ingredient here is Patera which
has amazing anti-aging qualities that
increases resilience to wrinkles it
keeps my skin luminous firm and it gives
it a nice smooth texture if I want to
treat myself that night or if I have a
special event the next day I'll pop on
SK twos facial treatment mask this mask
is also on my holy grail list so if your
skin needs a pick-me-up or need some
luminosity pop this on for 20 minutes
and your skin will be literally glowing
after you take it off you're just
basically marinating your skin with
Patera and
FEX are just incredible my skin always
feels so soft and radiant after I use it
moving on to my next step I go in with
Kate Somerville's dermal quench liquid
lift this is really fun to use because
it comes in an aerosol can so I'll just
shake it blast it on my hand and then
Pat it into my skin this just adds extra
hydration to my face and just locks all
the moisture in for my night cream I'm
using SK twos radical new H power cream
this has been the night cream that I've
committed to for the past year now I
just know that SK 2 products work really
well with my skin and now that I'm very
close to my late 20s it's really
important to keep those wrinkles at bay
for eye cream I've been loving Korres is
black pine eye serum I've read somewhere
that you're supposed to put eye cream as
your last step to your skincare routine
so that just kind of stuck with me so
that's what I do for the final step I'll
just go in with some vaseline on my lips
to keep them hydrated I sleep with the
AC on and the air can be pretty drying
so this keeps my lips from not cracking
so those were all the steps of my
skincare routine if you're interested SK
2 is selling a Pitera essence set kit
and it features three of their
best-selling products the Clear lotion
the essence and the mask it values at
$139 but they're selling it for 99 so
this is definitely the right time to try
out some quality products if you enjoyed
this video please hit the like button
subscribe if you haven't already and
thank you so much for watching I'll see
you guys next one
you
you
