hi everyone welcome back to my channel
as you can tell I've got two lovely
guests right by my side we've got Sophie
and we've got Wei Lee hi today on my
channel we're doing a truth or dare
challenge so let's play rock paper
scissors to see who goes first okay
alright
Rock Paper Scissors shoot Oh Rock Paper
Scissors shoot you're gonna go further
today Jason okay
dare I would I would I dare you guys to
apply liquid lipstick to each other
using your mouth oh but it'll look so
pretty okay Sofia 2017
spring oh okay good oh wow I am feeling
about that Wow oh okay I got a church
what were your first impressions of each
other's boyfriend I like this question
it was okay I guess I'll talk about
Wofford okay good ITEX clean you up wha
before Silas okay nice to watch your
guys blog yeah I mean remember the first
time you guys met in person right honey
we came in with the elf Island
oh the water yes no one here last year
he pretty much identical
she was camera personality he is really
a friendly warm person
yeah he just he really cared for you
remember when I'll do my pickle like
didn't want to get better
yeah and then the jello yeah you should
get right every stylist my everybody was
like kind of like a cool punk dude got
cat just about great style he's from
England when she's a little intimidating
at first oh yeah okay alright but now
that I actually know him he's literally
the goofiest person on the planet
he's so dorky and he comes out of
nowhere its unexpected right like you'll
have like a really serious conversation
I don't know what what is this it's a
fast game
forget okay I'm going to guys I hope you
get it you know let me go there too Oh
which one of you girls do you think
would be the first to be taken by
zombies in an apocalypse and why okay
I'm probably like guys are just things
I'd intended yeah I'm so sorry
true then I'll with me really yeah
and then you yeah don't give you lot
yeah really makes me not use me girl I
got I'm here by you up let's get Rob
back to me hmm
okay give me a truth commission from
Casey Mia who is your celebrity zu easy
okay if you were to watch this video
hahahaha and it's trisong yeah a little
fYI trey songz is actually from where my
I hate Harry stood Oh crazy he's from
Virginia you know poor it wasn't like to
be like my little man and my future can
be okay Oh
oh boy here's my bath girls I hope I
don't get this one okay I'm Julia she
says I dare you to Walt work walk will
you put your legs on the way oh oh I can
try to work on slowly oh so bad for
my bags very good let's make it happen
I'm just tucking my shirt like Dance
Moms right now I gotta pay up there girl
oh yeah good shirt
well bear I'm gonna get a deer oh I just
gonna truth who's you guys wrong ah
serious give your phone to someone else
and lesson text anyone in your content
you can't do the message until octopus
oh this is literally how she text one
text satisfied how nice is it okay okay
that's good yeah okay neighbors respond
I don't know from aundrea truth have you
ever lied about how good ones makeup or
outfit looked I don't think it's ever
lies because if I don't like it I just
wouldn't say anything
well there's they asked if he oh I
really liked it that's a good point I
would probably tell it looks great
because Carper and walk out the house
she must've felt good about it right so
I it's not in my right to tell her it
ain't you Oh true this is from Connie
truth what are your biggest pet peeves
about each other and necks just one it's
always oh my god but it is solved
because but Whaley we just you know
we're still really really very high each
other I still haven't gotten to that
lovely honor to be something happy and
if I make a negative thing you know like
home kept Peters and dig your cough
I know okay I know I know well technique
I think it I feel like sometimes or okay
okay I was like okay tell me what you
don't like about me look I know tell me
now I think sometimes just work on
putting yourself first
I feel like you're very accommodating it
is amazing half but I feel like you
sometimes get blocked all when I know it
is I got a fear of like not lying
disappoint someone and it's a good
characteristic but in the end like you
gotta if you got to really look out for
yourself that's true you know I know I
am I'm like the biggest pushover and
I've been the biggest pushover in my
entire life even my dogs know that yeah
for you so so you don't need well I do
know her very well now oh my god for you
your attention to detail is a blessing
but also a curse if you're working on
something and something's not completely
aligned that's it just like ruin your
entire day and I feel like you got a
just something I can look on to I think
we both need to work on just letting go
a little and then relinquish in control
that's a good one
you know to be nervous about going done
it is appreciate that that was that I
didn't have a you know yeah wool you
guys to show your last text message you
got you can take my phone okay okay
let's see oh oh it's on
it says cool see you real soon and some
Jen so juicy here dance-off fell off for
30 seconds all the guys there
okay get my mother out are we all over
your worth drinking experience hmm oh I
remember that I'm allergic to alcohol
and I've always been but I would still
just do it you know and get super red
and itchy but it wasn't until this time
which is like the worst experience ever
it was two years ago and I was in New
York with my sister and my cousin handy
we went out to a bar it was just one
drink in from battery I guess I had a
really bad allergic reaction and be my
feel like right here my throat swelled
up and I couldn't breathe whoa I don't
even know what story is my self-esteem
excuse and I was like itching and it was
just so worse I feel doesn't die so
since then I like made a point to not
drink anymore and I just didn't ever
really enjoy it to be honest I'm not so
good without drinking anything else too
well with my friends and it will drink
we also have so much fun you know oh
dear
yourself part of your world from Little
Mermaid I only know it one line I want
to see where the people are I wanna see
wanna see them dancin walkin around what
do you call them
last one I'm going to just move on over
to Sochi yeah I feel like I've gone all
out there I'm going to take one for the
team okay thanks this one's busy dory
it's been enough this is a spicy one it
has to be ah keep an entire boot full of
hot sauce
oh is it yes in here it's got it's okay
fiery coups here we come so here we have
two Rajah testing optics assaulted but
Tabasco but that's pretty spicy but that
would go down better that feels you
everything you know I was mixed about
though it's more liquidy really yeah I
start this is really a student do you
have milk you can taste it I do have oh
wow
tell me win yeah that's that's a
spoonful okay Oh every last drop
Oh Oh yummy
burns your whole throat as it goes along
whoo front of you yeah you pull girl
thanks girl all right guys that was the
truth or dare challenge I hope you
enjoyed if you did please hit the like
button please make sure you head on over
to William Sophie's channel for their
videos and please subscribe to them
those are missing out on life if you're
not oh are you biased but I just love
them so much this is no go check them
out if you'd like to leave a comment
about the next choose and dares that you
should do put it down below
mm-hmm did you hear the better guess
trager's but my creative people um yeah
thank you guys so much for watching and
I'll see you guys in the next one
Hey
you
