good morning everyone today I'll be
showing you what my morning routine is
like these days I partnered with simple
skincare again to show you how I make up
for my makeup every day in this episode
I'm always super hungry when I wake up
so the first thing I gotta do is eat my
favorite breakfast hands-down is beans
on toast but not your normal baked beans
these are the Heinz baked beans from
England so the more tomatoey and savory
and they're amazing with hot sauce yes
then I'll make myself a little espresso
for a pick-me-up and then just a moment
to collect myself before the day begin
obviously I can't forget about my little
cheeky then walks her in the morning for
her to do her business and then I'll
give her breakfast
oh now it's time to brush the piece I
love my electric toothbrush because it
forces me to brush for the entire two
minutes and keep my teeth clean and
fresh or my face plush and using simple
moisturizing facial wash I really love
this cleanser because there's no harsh
chemicals in it and it doesn't leave my
skin feeling tight or dry then I'll go
in with simple protecting light
moisturizer this has SPF 15 and I apply
this all over my face to hydrate my skin
and protect my face from the Sun all
right so now it's time to hit the gym so
late last year I really started to take
my health game pretty seriously and I
wanted to show you my workout routine I
always start off with 20 minutes of
cardio this can be anything I used to do
the treadmill but now I'm getting old
and my knees are bad so I do the
Stairmaster or the elliptical after
cardio I'll do 20 minutes of strength
training and this is where you're really
melting and burning everything off and
these are a few exercises I'll see you
in three circuits
I don't like leaving any sweat on my
skin for too long that's why I use
simples cleansing facial wipes leave my
skin feeling instantly refreshed after a
tough workout
now that my training is done I'm
showered I'm going to show you guys a
really quick and natural makeup look
that I like to rock on just like a
everyday occasion for my foundation I'm
using clinics beyond perfecting
foundation I just like to concentrate
this under my eyes and any areas I have
discoloration to prevent everything from
moving around I'll seal it with pony's
blurring powder I just started trying
this out a few weeks ago and I love it
it's such a fine powder and blurs out
any of my pores for my brows I'm using
do yours brow styler and I'm just going
to quickly shape them into how I'd like
naturally I just like to go for
something that's a little bit more
straight to slim down the face I'm
grabbing the benefits hoola light in
this awesome cheek palette I'm going to
make my cheekbones really pop and bronze
the temples on my face to warm it up I'm
going to add a flush back to my face
with NARS orgasm this is a beautiful
coral shade that I love applying
especially in the warmer months for
highlighter I'm using my recent favorite
I'm going to apply this all over my
cheekbones and the usual areas to give
my skin a nice dewy look I'm also just
going to dab some of my eyelids for a
light shimmer moving onto the lips I'm
using this color by hourglass and this
is just a better version of my lip color
so I'm just going to splash that on now
to do something about this hair I'm
going to show you how I do my braids
this is pretty much the only braid I
know how to do and I'll show you guys
again first you grab two pieces of hair
twist it and then grab a little bit of
hair on each side and then twist you
keep doing that all the way down until
the base of your neck and then switch
off to a three strand braid easy this is
such a fast way to deal with wet hair if
you're too lazy to blow-dry or style it
this is a really fresh and quick look
that's great for everyday for school for
work anything really alright guys this
is the finished look and I hope you guys
enjoyed my morning routine and just
getting ready with me I'm so happy to be
working with simple skincare again
because they really allow me to make up
for all the makeup that I use on a
day-to-day basis I just feel confident
because my skin looks and feels really
healthy if you still have not tried
simple skincare out for yourself I
highly recommend that you do I will
leave a coupon in the description box so
please hit that and try it out yourself
if you enjoyed this video please hit the
like button subscribe to my channel if
you haven't already and I'll see you
guys in the next one bye MA
