hey everyone welcome back to my channel
Mother's Day is quickly approaching
so I've partnered the target to create
the ultimate Mother's Day gift guide I
have all the items in this lovely
container here and the theme is happy
together so last month my mom along with
Edie Sal and her mom we all send this
video together for Target in Malibu and
it was such a great experience because
it was the first time both of our moms
have seen us in our element like that
and I will leave a link to that in the
description box as well as the card
section on the side so make sure you
watch that video it was such a fun day
but this video is about this basket
right over here my mom and I love
spending time together by pampering
ourselves so I put a couple of our
favorites in this basket and if you love
gift guides like this make sure you
subscribe to my channel B button it's
down below so without further ado let's
get cracking with the basket first up
I've got two face masks who might have
popped in either both from the yes to
brand and the first one is just a
calming cucumber mask every second is a
detoxifying charcoal mud mask I just
threw these in because my mom goes
through these like tic tacs she loves
face masks so much she likes to pop them
on when she's watching TV or just
winding down so I just added some to the
basket just to make sure her mask stock
is full and I decided to put too because
maybe next time I see her we could both
put these on together next up I have two
complexion sponges by the brand Real
Techniques and I love this brand because
it's by one of our YouTube AG's Pixie
woo they went on to create this
successful brand and I just put these in
the basket because my mom is expressed
to me that sometimes you find it
difficult to blend her foundation all
the way so I thought that thief bunches
would be perfect
there is a flat edge so you can really
get in the nooks and crannies of the
face and it's going to give you that
nice airbrushed finish moving on to the
next item I have Pixies makeup fixing
mist and I've heard so many amazing
things about this product especially
from UT says she converted me while we
were filming at Target she grabbed this
and was like we need to put this in the
gift basket because it's amazing you
spray this ask
you put your makeup on or even after
like a couple hours you put your makeup
on basically use it to set it and it
prolongs your makeup wear and my mom
works long hours and so I thought that
this would be a really great product
that she can just spray on when she
feels like she needs a little extra
oomph to her face and it will always
keep her skin looking dewy and fresh my
mom has always been the type to just
rock a natural fresh makeup look she
doesn't really go for the bold colors so
I decided to put in this lip color this
is by firts bees this is their gloss lip
crayon in the shade pink well goon and I
thought that this pinky shade would be
something that she would feel
comfortable wearing this is a hydrating
and nourishing formula so it's not going
to leave her lips looking dry or
crackling this is going to just keep her
lips feeling comfortable I also got my
mom a little rope that she can lounge
around in while she's pampering yourself
this is made from like a really soft
like Jersey cotton material it's very
breathable so it's gonna be perfect for
those hot summer days or nights and so
she won't be sweating in a robe this is
something that she'll be very
comfortable in it also adds like a nice
texture to the basket it really ties in
the theme really well together lastly in
the gift basket I had a throw of
candolyn who doesn't love candles I hate
buying candles for myself but I love
getting candles as a gift so that's what
I did for my mom this is in the scent
sweet sangria and I got the Sun fur
because I know that she loves like
really sweet fruity citrusy scent and
this smell is right up her alley so I
thought I would get it for her this is
in a nice gold case so this is something
that you could put on your table and it
instantly becomes an accent piece
alright guys so those were all the items
in my gift basket these are all
available at Target to purchase I will
leave a link in instruction box so
please check that out
I hope this reminded you to give your
mom some extra love this year I mean
this gift is just a small token of
appreciation of how much my mom has
sacrificed for our family she's done so
much for my brother and I and I just I
just can't think her enough she's just
everything to me and I just love her so
much she's dealt with so much as well
from like putting me through piano
school SAT school and I failed at
everything so hard
but she didn't give up on me and yeah
that's what family's about if you want
to leave me a comment saying what your
favorite memory with your mom is I would
love to hear that I would say huh I
think recently my most favorite memory
was just going to the Huntington Library
with her and the rest of my family she
just had an exceptional time there she's
always loved nature because she's like
from the countryside and so when she
went to the Huntington Library there
were just so many Botanical Gardens and
she was just really really enjoying her
time there and seeing her that happy
make me happy so yeah if you'd like to
leave a little memory with you and your
mom and the comments down below I would
love to read about it if you enjoyed
this video make sure you hit the like
button subscribe to my channel if you
haven't already and I'll see you guys in
the next one
you
