here we are where our hotel we finally
made it right now we're in the middle of
a thunderstorm I'm not used to the other
but it's so cool and trippy to be here
we're at the raffles hotel in Jakarta
and this garden is unbelievable
Oh someone's calling info go see what it
is oh my gosh no oh it's so scary so
aside from the freaky phone call we are
here for Beauty fest Asia which is the
largest beauty convention in Southeast
Asia
it's tomorrow so tonight we're just
going to relax and get prepped for
tomorrow got Stephanie putting some
bubble casually stuff in because your
that's pretty much our little living
room worst area got the bed nice room
I'm not sad or the food is here we have
ordered a lot it's just basically some
chicken and some rice cigarette and then
over here I've got a salad and the dim
sum of course my favorite whoa what's in
here now what is that that's not I
didn't think that up what we ordered but
good whoever just a gift has arrived I
actually already opened it because they
got a little too excited but here's a
nice little bouquet of flowers and some
maca yum and they also gave some
clothing I'm actually wearing one of the
dresses right now I just got really
excited but it's like a little vacation
dress it's got ropes and straps and and
over here I've got a little cute skirt I
will probably wear it on this trip
definitely this is perfect for the
weather here so Stephanie is taking a
shower and
I am going to be next good morning guys
it is our first official day in Jakarta
but yes today is going to be jam-packed
got so many activities planned the first
one is our meet and greet which would be
really amazing a chance to meet you guys
and then after Stephanie and I are doing
a panel and then I am doing my makeup
live in front of all you guys I'm going
to do an everyday makeup look so the
makeup in itself should be pretty simple
so it's hard to goof that up but yeah
I've got my baggage to get ready and
then it'll all be game so we're just
missing gray and now we are heading on
over to stage do a little interview
sharks bait - bait ready to go yeah nice
touching up the brow wiping off the base
so it's several hours later I was so
amazing and you need some regard to the
mean greenie thank you so much who came
out thank you so much for your presence
and your your actual presence but yeah
we are all just stop because we're going
to Indonesian you know was a bit I know
and your food is billing man rap oh my
god I'm good yet the na karein lunch
yeah so bomb dude everything has been so
delicious so but yeah we're going to the
gala we're presenting an award jet lag
is kind of creeping in but we're gonna
keep chugging along yeah powered through
all right we're sitting front row at the
gala I am how beautiful they look on
their cell addresses
bloggers or beyond just silly names
tutorial chillin ship is bobbing Ashman
like you
Oh
fiberline it is Sunday it is a beautiful
day in Jakarta I'm currently editing a
video that I need to upload I feel like
my travel schedule has been really
hectic this particular month I usually
like to upload twice a week but with the
traveling it's been a little bit tricky
to have that much content whew okay so I
thought I would take a little break from
editing and I'm sitting down because I'm
about to open some of the presents that
some of you guys brought to the mean
green you guys did not have to bring me
gifts is not necessary whatsoever I
haven't touched anything yet I wanted to
keep everything organized and then I
guess show it in the vlog okay this is
from bon barrel wait a minute this is
actually so freaking cute holy crap you
really know my style
thank you oh snap okay we've got some
Cheetos up to the mix I've never had
this flavour before this is the judge a
goong-bok are here we have a little
notebook oh my gosh this is so sweet
this is Ravina well she comments on my
videos all the time so thank you this is
a little wild lavender portrait this is
B stick to dust I mean this is a
different type of cheeto but these look
like the hot prize oh my gosh what a
cute little card um this is from
Julianna
this is a black studded choker I really
like the width of it these earrings are
so cute I freaking love anything with
stars on it so this is amazing I have a
back up up up up will always is so soft
so this present is from brace and she
made it herself I can't let you stop
this is amazing
oh god little just look okay so we've
got some Jasmine key some coffee ginger
and coconut caramel oh my gosh got some
more tea I'm going a little bumblebee
apron whoa you've got a watercolor
painting of moi oh my gosh these are
baked cheese tarts okay me and Stephanie
have to eat this when she gets back so
there's no card in here alright so it's
got some lipstick and then we've got
some phone cases this president doesn't
have a name
but thank you so much for the candle and
the one sticking for the phone cases all
right so this is from Olivia and she
would love a list of things to do in
bali oh whoa wow this is so nice
so it's got like a little scarf here so
those are all the items I apologize for
the awkward lighting I want to thank
each and every one of you that came out
yesterday it's so surreal being sounded
the miles away from home but coming to
like a community like you guys I don't
know what I did is Irv you but I just I
just can't express how thankful I am and
how grateful I am to have this life and
it's all because of you and thank you
thank you a million times you guys are
amazing and I love you so much
so be there from Xena thank you so we
just opened up to sex on Stephanie
channel so feel free to hop on over to
her wall to see what do you taste like
and then over here we've got some cheat
oh yeah thanks for that
yeah your oh another yellow in America
Cheetos are orange and smell vinegary
Cheers
all right we have exact same of free
oxygen away
what there are completely different
mm-hmm
there my sweet put her savory mmm-hmm
and there's their area and fluffier than
the normal cheeto your mom oh there's
soy toffee I did soy sauce that's why it
is it's like that sweet savory thing
going oh my god it's so good that's
pretty hard to top all right stick for
that oh oh there's like oh whoa
it's building this is taking me on a
journey oh my god is it gonna keep
building looks like I'm almost reaching
now I think this is just about turning
then turn trip down you're good like if
they were a little drier like if this
spice we're on those freaking tree tall
next level oh you know my favorite
here is a private villa you're welcomed
with two big teddy bears from Beauty
buzz Asia over here is Ashley little bed
I've got two beds for school I was
moving for this bathroom it is time for
a little snack got some little Balinese
streaming Felony's cheeks and then over
here got pad thai and the fruit yeah
good buddy
honey it was a beautiful valley oh my
god this is insane
paradox it is paradise before thank you
so for brekkie you got an egg white
omelet and stuff I got the American I
just wanted to do some poached eggs
check out this community called
beautiful the kids special strawberry
oh my god
we are in the middle of the jungle y'all
but we're having some hot coffee with
this hot weather I didn't even need
sugar or anything and I really
douse it with Splenda and coconut coffee
oh my gosh oh my god is really good
that's a nasty drink is one of my
favorite Indonesian dishes ever guys now
is reigning super Ord Wow gosh look at
this view
so it'd be so scary actually to spit on
the edge of that yeah it's actually
quite a draw
heaps ball yeah oh no if you fell off
that ledge job good morning oh my gosh
we actually had a pretty frightful
morning we woke up to an earthquake so
the entire hut was just shaking it was
like a gentle shake it wasn't like
frantic but it was enough to to notice
it and be a little alarmed because right
now we are right by the ocean like right
next to the ocean and earthquakes and
oceans there is a chance of tsunami so
we can a little worried but luckily
everything is fine but regardless I'm
still feeling a little shaken up ready
what no I heard Gothi massage
alright first of the day I've got the
magic card Oh which is some sort of egg
noodle soup it looks delicious
so exactly what I want for breakfast
actually got the egg white omelette
again
here so what are you doing on Ashley mom
today adding like hi all right I think
you need much Mary so beautiful we are
back in the hotel rooms and we had lunch
with all the girls here amazing there's
so many other people that are here but I
feel like I haven't been able to capture
I love love love the girls that came
here with us
Perry PI Tina young Nene they're all
super amazing and I'm glad that we got
to have lunch before they left we are
going to see some temples today which I
am so excited about yesterday on the
drive we passed by so many small ones
and each one I was like to join for my
outfit I'm actually wearing the Four
Seasons bathrobe because I just thought
it went so well with my outfit and the
crazy thing about these shorts is I had
no idea that this parking print was such
a massive print in Indonesia than seeing
it all over the temple so I thought
that'd be short were very very fitting
for our little adventure
like is it worth much less now I'm good
seriously look how many people are here
nearly a combination J is our last day
in Bali or the last couple of hours here
really was just packing and getting
ready to go home so sad I wish I was
able to stay here I was we were able to
stay here for a couple more days and
there's still so much we haven't seen
but I guess that just means a lot to
come back
you
you
