everyone to girl Jen and welcome back I
am here with an episode of favorites and
I can't believe how fast the month of
March went literally in a blink of an
eye it is gone I think a lot of that to
do with the amount of traveling I did I
traveled a lot last month and I'm just
going back home so I can sit down and
give you the rundown of my favorites and
if you are a fan of monthly favorites
make sure you're subscribed to my
channel the button is down below so hit
that to join the family all right so
let's do this
so I finally retired my black leather
backpack from daily look I got that guy
maybe three or four years ago and it's
been so loyal to me
or I guess I've been so loyal to it
because it really fit everything that I
loved especially my vlogging setup I
knew it was only a matter of time until
the backpack broke I mean it's not
broken yet but it's on its dying breath
so luckily Nasty Gal is having their
seventy percent off sale of everything
and I was able to get this the last
velvet backpack it looks so small but it
actually holds a lot of stuff like look
at that width so inside this backpack
I'm able to fit my entire vlogging setup
which is key it holds my Canon t3i this
is the camera that I vlog with and my
tripod this is the Manfrotto one there's
also a pouch in the front which is
amazing you could put your lips colors
here I even got a photo from the Mean
Green intern in Jakarta this is me and
Xena I need to put this in my photo
album actually it goes with normal
things because it's got the nice velvet
texture when it's casual because in the
end it's still a backpack in March I got
a pair of new prescription glasses these
are by coping acts and I just love them
so much I know they're identical to my
other frames from general eyewear but
this one has a gold wire frame and set
up a tortoiseshell frame I really love
the gold because I feel like it blends
in with my face better I love my other
glasses but sometimes I feel like when I
wear them all you can see is glasses I'm
also trying to make more of an effort to
wear glasses more often because my eyes
are not too happy with my contact lenses
I just learn or Mille prescription
contact lenses but
I've been wearing them since I was 12
years old my contacts or my eyeballs are
just a little strained I'm actually
going to go in for a LASIK consultation
way to this month so I'm a little
nervous but it would be so nice to never
have to wear contact lenses or glasses
again I'll let you guys know how that
procedure goes but but for now going to
try and wear my glasses more often I
absolutely love these guys
moving onto clothing favorites here I
have this graphic tee by suburban riot
it's just a crisp white key that says
work hard and be nice and I was wearing
this pretty much my entire Austin or
Jenn goes to Austin slash South by
Southwest vlog I love this t-shirt and
the way it looks with light denim I love
wearing this shirt because it spreads a
great message these are two actions that
anyone can do working hard and being
nice as long as you do these two things
you are on the road to success and it's
always something to keep in mind next up
I have these printed pants I got these
on my trips to Bali and let me tell you
these are the most comfy pants ever and
these are my official spring /summer
lounge pants they're easy breezy and
perfect for the hot like sweltering
summers weekend in LA and also all the
girls that went on the Bali trip got a
pair of pants like this so we pretty
much all have matching pants we all got
different colors but I really like that
I don't know if we wanted to we could
all just match and go out together for
my book favorite I have ham on rye by
Charles Bukowski this is an alter that I
wanted to read since I was a teenager
but for some reason just life coming the
way got distracted but I'm so happy that
I finally buckled down and read this
book this had me teleported to a
different time and era I read this
pretty much my flight from Bali back to
LA I smashed this out so this book is
pretty much like like an autobiography
or memoir of his life
but he says it through the story of a
little boy named Henry follow Henry's
from his childhood to his teenage years
to his adulthood and he lived a pretty
rough life he grew up through the Great
Depression and those were some pretty
dark times his father was
emotionally and physically abusive to
him and his mother and that really took
a toll on the way he saw life he was
very detached and nihilistic and there
are so many parts of this book where
like literally like my jaw is just
dropping just like turning the pages
it's a very graphic novel but I like
that I just love Bukowski's writing
style it's so blunt
he doesn't sugarcoat anything he's clear
he's concise and it's like it's like
cutting through a knife it's just like
it cuts deep I wouldn't say there's a
real plot to this book so if you're
looking for like you know climax and all
that stuff I mean maybe this book isn't
for you but if you're just looking to
get like a peak of his life and the way
he grew up and the crazy that
happened highly recommend this book I
can't wait to read more of his work like
post office woman so yeah check it out
if I'm going to be completely honest I
didn't know if I was going to have a
face of the month in March but since I
forgot it completely last month I knew I
had to put one in luckily I did play
around with some new maker products so I
present to you the face of the month
which I'm rocking right now so let's
break it down for foundation I've been
using clinics beyond perfecting a
foundation and concealer this is a
full-coverage foundation but I only use
what I need
I love the applicator reminds me of the
heart-shaped Cape concealer so I just
use the wand and I dab it across my face
and blend it in and for my problem areas
like under underneath my eyes or my nose
I'll just go in a second time and just
really focus on those areas moving on to
eye shadow I have yet again another
color pop eyeshadow I just I can't help
it I just love color pop products so
much but in March I really was loving
flipper this is a gorgeous tangerine
color with a ton of silver glitter when
I wear it on my eyes it's like boom
glitter glamour I feel like the camera
doesn't capture the amount of sparkle I
have but I love it and then to blend it
out I'll go in with my Too Faced sweet
peach palette I'll go into candied peach
and I'll use it to kind of like blur out
the edges and it just gives it like a
nice fresh spring look for my lip color
I have this baby lipstick bullet by 3
concept eyes and I think this is a
really nice rose kind of like a bowl
rosy shade which I think looks great
with a look it just ties everything
together I guess that concludes the face
of the month I know I didn't break down
every single products that I use in my
face
but I will use or leave that information
in the description box down below so pop
that open if you are interested to know
what is on the state so that's includes
my March favorites I am so happy to be
back home I love traveling and
everything but I just you know nothing
beats coming on too cheeky and my fiance
I'm going to New York on Thursday
oh I'm also having a mean greet on
Saturday so if you have in your called
Emma gets information okay so if you
guys live in New York I am having a
meet-and-greet on April 1st oh my gosh
April Fool's Day so having a me agree on
April April 1st I swears it's not a
prank I will be there I will leave the
information right over here so please
come and join me if you can it's going
to be at the Westfield Mall I believe I
was love love love to see you there I'll
also leave like the RSVP link in the
description box down below so New
Yorkers come at me I would love to meet
you guys as usual please let me know
what your favorites are in the comment
section I would love to read about them
I really love hearing from you guys I
hope you have a beautiful day and I'll
see you guys in the next one bye
you
