hi guys so we are officially checked
into our hotel and you can tell from the
previous clips we are in Austin for
South by Southwest this is my first time
ever being here or something this
festival so I'm really excited tomorrow
I actually have a pound I'm speaking at
it's called tree and cultivate so
obviously I'll be taking you guys with
me there tonight we've got a couple
plans I've got the happy hour plus event
thing and then we've got a dinner so we
just got some room service because we
were starving
first things first we have okay it looks
look sad actually
because we got a nice little side salad
to go with it and you can see there
delicious nutritious and then on the
nutritious flatbread okay Pisa pizza
with money inside raining yes were like
home
hi guys good morning it is day two of
South by Southwest but it's our first
full official day I'm super excited
yesterday was an amazing way to start
everything off my panel is at 5:30 today
so it's got some time to kill before
then um the topic of the panel is about
creating content 24/7 I think I've
actually really fitting for me because
it is a little bit of a struggle to find
a balance between creating content
filming and just enjoying them after
what it is my friend Rachel is also on
the panel with me so that makes me super
happy we are going over at 5:30 then and
I are going to go to the actual
convention center often Convention
Center to see some people
very cold I didn't prepare for this
no no I don't have any jumpers sweaters
nothing can enter my Colo hosting one
speaker negative infinity room what I
want to do
good job guys hi guys it is day three
and often a little bit of a late start
this morning but we are all dressed and
ready to go kinda like great I was super
cold but yet we had blankets and
everyone on the panel was so amazing it
was awesome to be around such inspiring
women especially in my field and I got
to meet so many of you guys thank you so
much for coming out
I wanted to give a couple of shout outs
so this portrait is by Tyra thank you so
much for this I can't wait to hang this
in my house and I can't wait to see how
you draw cheeky and over here I've got
two laser-cut pins it's a donut and a
little sushi roll and I can't wait to
put these on a denim jacket on me and
now I'm like Nigerian Paige
alright guys I am finally home I hope
you enjoy this little South by Southwest
trip and was there for long but I really
enjoyed what I saw in Austin just
everyone was so lovely I'm so glad I got
to meet a bunch of you guys as the panel
the other day I need to go back to
Austin though because there are so many
things that we weren't able to do like a
whole slice pizza Torchy's tacos but I
know that there will definitely be a
next time
cross my fingers to go next year as well
I hope you enjoyed this video and I'll
see you guys in the next one
you
