everybody it's a girl Jen and today I
have a huge thrift haul for you
yesterday I decided to pop into my local
goodwill because I just wanted to find
something fresh and unique to style for
my upcoming lookbook and I ended up
getting a lot if you enjoy drifting
videos like this make sure you subscribe
to my channel the button will be
somewhere down below it would make my
day if you did so please do that so with
that said let's get into it so I'm going
to start off with this cream bluff first
I really loved it because it has this
knot detail right in the center it kind
of gives it like a schoolgirl vibe which
I enjoy in the spring I really like tops
that are easy and breezy because they
give a nice flow tawny outfit also this
brand pins-and-needles is actually an
urban outfitters brand so I basically
got this for three bucks next up I have
this floral blazer here it's not much of
a looker on the hanger but it just
translates so beautifully
I feel like floral and spring just go
hand in hand and this way to just pick
the cake and originally have huge
shoulder pads underneath but I decided
to cut them out and I actually
safety-pin the side of the sleeves just
tailor it a little bit this is my
version of tailoring but I feel like it
always swims down everything and gives
it a modern feel it just looks like one
of those couches you would see in the
90s and I like that that's the vibe I'm
going for moving on I have this dark
floral camisole I feel like camisole and
flip dresses are still heavily trending
right now and I thought that this would
be perfect to add to my wardrobe I plan
on wearing this layered either with like
a baby doll t-shirt something lacy or
even a turtleneck I've been really
digging the way that looks it looks
layered it looks dimensioned and just
makes any outfit a little bit more
interesting the crazy thing is I
actually picked this up in an abandoned
basket at Goodwill it was just left on
the floor and pretty sure there was
nobody like attending to it so I picked
it up and you know it's kind of a lesson
to look at the racks and also the
baskets on the floor this is another
item that was in that abandoned cart
this is a neon rib tank and I thought
that this would be a really brave choice
to add in my screen
wardrobe neon seems like kind of like an
intimidating color but it's a present
goes with a lot I feel like fluorescents
really go well with why black said to be
neutral I feel like it's like a really
interesting pop of color especially for
the spring I think I might actually crop
this and wear it with some high-waisted
anything next up we've got this
sleeveless houndstooth blouse and it
looks really fun with taluk fabric which
I love it adds like a nice glimmer to
your look I've always been a huge fan of
how Institute because of its mod
backgrounds I feel like this is
something that Twiggy might wear I mean
if this came as a shift dress that would
be perfect but yeah I just love the
print it's really elevated and
effortless and totally chic so my next
item is going to be this cobalt blue
button-down originally I thought the
graphics were equations and that excited
me but with a closer look I discovered
that this is actually just random
squiggles and doodles I like it anyway
it's actually embroidered so that really
Wow's me because a lot of time went into
making this button down and it makes me
appreciate it even more I would probably
wear this as an outerwear piece as
opposed to just like a shirt on its own
because it's kind of oversized it's I
feel like it would layer really well
especially with like a graphic tee or
something or just tight around the waist
cobalt blue is always like a great
accent color so I've always had a thing
for sparkly stuff and I cannot say no
it's in a sequin top it's in this really
nice blush color and it's got these
translucent sequins beads throughout in
the front and the back I hate it when
something beaded it's only in the front
because I mean you gotta give the back
some love too I would probably wear this
to any sort of date Hill event like a
nice brunch or a lunch I kind of had
those lives to me for some reason I
really love the look of linen and when I
felt this top been actually told me to
put it back but I decided to take it
anyway and this fabric is also really
breathable and soft and it has this
really cool graphic on the back like a
story of a surfer and he kind of looks
like the iconic surfers do kana moku you
know there's a bunch of restaurants in
Hawaii there's like a street named after
him but he kind of looked like him sell
like cool that's like some juice
paraphernalia but yes I really enjoy
this top this is my
dad on vacation top but instead of my
dad wearing it it's me so my last item
is my wild card okay so don't judge it
by the hanger it's not a pretty sight
but here are my red fleece printed pants
they've got stars and all the stars have
different prints on it
got zebra leopard dots kinda all over
the place but it's over situations or
something it's so ugly that it's kind of
cool I thought I would be able to make
it work by just pairing it with
something very very minimal like black
tank I thought I don't know for a kind
of reminds me of those juicy cherry
costly sweatpants and they're coming
back in style but I thought this with
this print it would be completely unique
also I did wash these pants with
scalding hot water and so they smell of
detergent now but honestly putting it in
my cart with pretty gross I was like I
don't know who's worn these but now
they're all my body alright so that
wraps up my trip tall I actually had one
more item but I ruined it in the wash
what computer would have been leave I
can't even notice doing it like for a
toddler but this would've been so cute
with like jeans this color as well but
yeah I learned my lesson don't wash wool
in hot water
oh but yeah that concludes my haul if
you guys enjoyed this video please hit
the like button and also please please
please visit your thrift store any local
thrift store you'll be really kind of
what you can find it's good for the
environment you can try out new trends
that you've always wanted to and it's
just fun because you never know what
you're going to get I want to thank you
guys so much for watching feel free to
comment down which one was your favorite
piece thank you so much for watching and
I'll see you guys in the next one
you
