what's up chef the shortest month of the
year is officially over February
February it's like the weirdest work to
say but anyway it is over so let's talk
about some of my favorites from last
month also if you are a lover of monthly
favorites make sure you subscribe to my
channel the buttons right down below if
you subscribe would make my day so
without further adieu let's get on with
the items so I'm starting things off
with a fashion favorite here I have this
pair of earrings these are by adorn
Monde
and literally every time I've rocked
them I get multiple questions about them
so I thought it would be just natural to
feature them here I've always gravitated
towards dangly earrings I think it's
just because they add a nice shimmer and
glimmer around the face and these are
actually a really interesting shape it's
too like rhombuses is this the shape
what is this like a slanted square I
think they're just really interesting
and adds the perfect amount of funk to
any outfit alright now I'm going to jump
into some beauty products that I've been
loving last month here I have a tude
house it'd take my brows gel and if you
saw my February 1z vlog then you already
seen me feature this I actually saw this
for the first time at my girlfriend
Sophia's house I walked into her
apartment and she just had these crazy
looking brows and I was like what sucked
and then she explained to me that it was
this tint basically eyebrow something
has been a huge trend in Korea you grab
the wand and then you draw in the
eyebrow shape that you want and you let
it dry for around 2 hours and then you
peel it off from the tail and then the
end result is just this really natural
full looking brow and it just cut down
onto my eyebrow process in half because
when I don't have this tint I said
there's a lot to fill in there because I
barely have any brows but this tint
creates like a nice base and it just
makes the whole process a lot faster
it's kind of like henna but for your
brows and not Orange
next up I have a highlighter this is
called over the moon by colour-pop and
it's this stunning
iridescent hot pink and violet
highlighter initially I was a little
intimidated because like when do I ever
go for purple highlighter but I actually
went to a concert and Oliver heldens
show
and I thought that it was just be time
to finally bust this out and I was so
happy with the way it looked to apply it
it's really easy just grab a damp Beauty
Blender and you grab the flat side and
you just kind of twist it like that and
then you apply it onto the highest
points of your cheeks it adds so much
glow and I think the purple shade really
complements my skin tone normally I go
for champagne highlighters but this one
is just like a wild card and I really
like the way it looks I am so excited to
use this for upcoming music festivals
like Coachella I think it's going to be
really perfect for that type of look
last month I tried out a new hairstyle
for myself I was rocking these little
space buns for a lot of the month
especially on nights where I was going
to a special event it looks like you
actually spent a lot of time getting
ready when you do this hairstyle but
it's actually super easy to do all you
have to do is make two little pony tails
inside of your head I like to leave a
couple of bangs out like some strands of
hair just to frame the face and then you
grab the ponytail and then you twist it
and then you just kind of wrap it around
into a little bun and then you just grab
as many bobby pins as you can and just
like pin the living crap out of it
until it looks fine and then you try and
attempted to do on the other side so you
need to do like a full tutorial on that
soon because I think I'm going to rock
that look when I'm at South by Southwest
very very excited to go to that by the
way but yeah I think it's just like a
really fun hairstyle to just try out I
think it's going to be flattering on
everybody I think just more people
should have fun and be more experimental
with their hairstyles you only live once
yellow pretend I never said that please
for my book favorite I have shelter by
Toni on and this was actually
recommended by one of you guys in the
comment section in my last favorites
video so thank you so much for this
recommendation
honestly this book is heavy s book but
very very gripping this was also written
by a fellow Korean so KP it follows a
couple Chang and Gillian telling us
Korean and Gillian is Irish and it kinda
was coincidental because I'm Korean and
been a top Irish anyway
life isn't looking too great for them
they're financially unstable and Kelly
isn't exactly the best place with his
parents
something very traumatic happened like
absolutely horrific happens and it
forces Tom to reconnect with his parents
and just like the darkness unfold spend
and it really shows you how how a person
can be affected by their upbringing and
this is a very honest and sad and
graphic book but it's something that I
was just like immediately drawn to
there's a lot of stuff that I can really
or not a lot but there were some aspects
that I can relate with with cheong
because we both grew up in a Korean
household in America
for example like both our dads were
Presbyterian or our Presbyterian
obviously my parents and I have a way
more emotionally stable relationship
that then Tom had with his parents but
anyway I highly recommend this book it's
very very well written or in my opinion
it was well written I really loved the
pacing of this book it's straightforward
but full of details and yeah if you're
looking for a morbid honest read
definitely check this out for my last
favorite I've got something quite random
here I have this shower spa mist in the
people with the scent and this smell so
amazing it changed showering game for me
and for Ben but basically when one of us
showers we always spray at least three
or four as the steam starts to gather
and it just makes the entire bathroom
smell like this luxurious spa you're
transformed into somewhere calm and
serene just the smell of eucalyptus is
it's so healing I feel I told I'm going
to spa right now I'm just a big advocate
for a Roma therapy I feel like the power
of smells really can make your mind feel
at ease and I wish I can just show you
the scent or like make you smell this
through the camera because it's just
good for the soul after I take a shower
my mind just feel that ease I feel like
I can conquer the day and I'm just all
about adding those details in my life
that make me happier for my music
favorite I actually made a playlist in
my confidence video if you haven't seen
my confidence video I'll also leave a
link in the cards in the corner so
definitely check it out but basically
one of the tips that I gave in that
video was to listen to a bangin playlist
that makes you just feel just
unstoppable and I made it on soundcloud
so I'll leave a link in the description
box that is also like a really good work
playlist' I realized because it just
makes my heart go like you know as
always please write down your favorites
in the comments section as well I love
reading them I love to respond I love
responding to as many as I can and just
know that your recommendations go a long
way and I love hearing what you guys
have to say if you enjoyed the video
please hit the like button and I'll see
you guys in the next one
you
you
