what's up gems your girl is back with a
lookbook and this one is all about
outfit ideas for future dates v-day is
coming up so I thought that this would
be very timely to post and if you enjoy
watching those looks make sure you
subscribe down below so they don't miss
any upcoming videos alright so let's get
started with the outfit my first day
outfit says yes all over it I think this
look is perfect for any outing where you
want to look dirty and refined a long
black coat is such a timeless piece and
it tends to elongate you underneath I
went down with the brown with this
pattern long sleeve blouse and dissuade
me that skirt I think this combo melds
beautifully together on my head I popped
on a beret for a little Parisian twist
and then slipped into this thigh high
soft boost that makes any pair of legs
look killer this next look is for those
who are out on the prowl this edgy furry
number has a touch of Punk and glamour
these days has been getting pretty
chilly so this has been keeping the
extra toasty and don't worry guys this
is faux fur underneath I went for a
vintage tee with the Old English
lettering painted all over it and then
coordinated with a J necklace in that
same font I wanted to stay in the tough
family so I paired this with some wack
denim and some pointed platform boots to
stomp around in overall I think this is
a look that would be perfect for any
concert or show
a little black dress is a must-have in
every girl's closet and instead of going
for a slinky LBD I went for something
with a little more flounce here I'm
wearing a cutesy strapless striped
Tolkien dress and I just wanted to
toughen it up a little bit so I added
this moto jacket and I think the end
result looks pretty good these two
opposite textures really complement each
other and I would probably rock this
book to a nice dinner
opposite number four is this
fresh-looking ensemble there's something
kind of nautical about this look so I
feel like this would be perfect for any
events that are close to the water I'm
wearing these wide leg chambray pants
with this sick place of detail on the
back
since the bottoms are so flared I went
for a snug wrap well with the bow right
in the middle and then I paired it with
some unusual quirky earring for my last
look I wanted to rock something super
casual but still chic so I built this
outfit all around this matching bomber I
love that it mixes gold and silver
together for a fun mixed metallic look
underneath I wore this white tank that I
just did and throw on some grey skinnies
just to keep the palette light I
accessorized with my link stun choker
from a jury and I kept the Rays out with
these Sony's this book is great for a
type of date really whether it's going
for a lunch movies or even bowling just
make sure you wear socks alright guys
that wraps up my Valentines Day lookbook
and honestly I feel like these outfits
would be great for any type of occasion
and if you guys enjoyed the video make
sure you hit the like button and you're
subscribed to my channel and if you guys
want to comment down which outfit was
your favorite make sure you write it
down below alright guys thank you for
watching and I'll see you guys in the
next one bye
Oh
you
