there's nothing better in the winter
than a big comfy sweater and this one
from Team cozy has been my favorite one
to lounge around in I got this in a size
large because I like the way it drapes
and then you can wear more layers
underneath if you need to for pants I'm
wearing these gray distressed boyfriend
jeans and Miss baggy androgynous
silhouette isn't for everyone but
there's no denying how comfy it is i
bundled up in this all white number for
you and showcased a few of my favorite
things in my closet this thick white
shearling jacket is super cozy very warm
and the fake materials protect you from
the elements outside underneath I'm
rocking this white cropped hoodie and I
love the jump ring details all on the
sleeves then I decided to pair it with
some light blue denim from redone just
to keep the palette light
I call myself at the standard because
it's that classic moto look that
everyone looks good in and if you don't
have a moto jacket by now I'm telling
you it's not too late to have this
closet essential I made this more winter
friendly by layering with this furry
hoodie from Benjamin J and then rock to
graphic tee as my first layer I think
this is one of my favorite outfits
giraffes because it's so casual and
effortless I'm really proud of this
outfit because I finally made use of
this coat it's been sitting in my closet
for a couple years now it's just never
been cold enough to wear it
finally in lake tahoe it was perfect and
I love this coat because there's a fur
collar there's just something so
timeless about it I wore my knit
turtleneck because I thought that the
cream stripe would tied with the white
collar and then I just threw on some
distressed guineas to finish off the
entire look
I'll admit it this last outfit was a
little intense to film it was freaking
cold but I wanted to throw in more of an
LA winter outfit here I'm wearing this
maroon section bomber to give it more of
a varsity look then I wore my black
long-sleeved crop top for a slimmed down
effect my skirt is from redone and I
just love the way it looks paired with
the two fell
you
you
