someone told me never saw
please don't exist in real life these
days but you showed me if I
just find the fit I need to believe
in a fungus by simple if you want it bad
dr. sky-high test your lip
you feel I stopped in fair
most that I can see I'm sorry ready 1
ready I love you so much
ok you ready do it are you ready I'm
ready ok right 1 2 3 hey what's going on
buddy if you are new to our channel make
sure you hit that subscribe button and
join the family alright we haven't
already if you haven't already then
that's a problem and make sure you hit
that Bell button hit the notification
button turn on or post on occasions a
big difference guys I know for a fact
that when you do hit the notification
button it does notify you as opposed to
just subscribing it's not gonna let you
know exactly and we don't want y'all to
miss no videos ok so we first want to
start off by saying that there has been
a slight change to our charity
basketball event and the slight change
is that the tickets aren't going on sale
on April 7th like I mentioned before the
event is still going on June 30th we
will be keeping you updated on when
you'll be able to purchase your tickets
it's not a bad thing because it gives
everyone more time to save up and if
you're from out of town it gives you
more time to plan a trip the ticket
sales aren't happening on the day that
we mentioned prior but they are
happening very soon so we are gonna keep
you guys updated throughout all of our
social media accounts obviously on our
vlogging channel as well but just stay
tuned for the new date it is gonna
happen very soon so just know that it's
coming and that yes you are saving up
for the whole event everything but just
make sure that when we do drop that day
that you get us a side obviously you
guys know that there's gonna be other
youtubers involved other people involved
rice Kim is obviously his one-on-one
opponent there's gonna be phase drug
who's also playing the three points so
they are gonna have their support system
as well there so we just want to make
sure that all the ace family members get
the opportunity to get their tickets as
soon as we find out and not to mention
guys this event is actually a lot bigger
than we thought it was gonna be and come
to find out there's a lot more people
that want to get involved to make the
experience that much better and it's
better
you guys so we do want to make sure that
that happens and that if there's the
opportunity to make it bigger and better
there and a lot more people are gonna be
there a lot more youtubers and other
people so you guys not gonna want to
miss out like Catherine mentioned make
sure you guys stay tuned and we're gonna
let you guys know as soon as we find out
as soon as we have the date we're gonna
put all posture and all throughout all
of our social medias we're gonna put the
link so you can just swipe up and
purchase your ticket I'll be honest I
want all our APEC members there I know
it it's hard I know I know overseas and
we are trying to figure something out
for you guys oh yeah live stream we got
shows we have to try to figure something
out because obviously it's not fair for
everyone who can't come right so yeah
guys all we can really say right now is
a stay tuned so obviously it's no longer
Easter but we did film a little bit
yesterday I was too young to understand
Easter last year so this year obviously
we like wanted to make the best Easter
for her so we actually put all the
little eggs like all over a backyard we
hated way too many eggs and so she kind
of understood more of this here which
was cool because she got to like run and
find them in stuff so but it was sad
because she only had one friend best
friend violence yeah well she has a
couple friends but violet is like her
like number-one friend yeah so literally
she had Easter with one friend her and
her friend we're trying to find like a
hundred eggs and I'm pretty sure there's
still like 30 eggs left out there
somewhere so yeah here's yesterday's
footage just a roll the clip
alright guys so even though it is no
longer Eastern this is a flashback I
still want to wish all of you a Happy
Easter
I don't know if you could tell her or
not but I am the Easter Bunny this year
let me show you in work away over here
we got the candy you know I'm saying we
got the candy uh-huh you can tell this
is my first time doing this because who
the hell gets patties to pull some egg
okay so we got some of my favorites here
we got a starburst jelly bean we got the
Reese's gotta hurry but hide them 40 mil
we got the starburst just the regulars
and we also got some different flavor
starboard jelly beans as well all I
gotta say is this is one of my dreams
growing up is to be able to do it for my
own kid and the fact that I'm able to do
it for hell this year he's a
to me and lots of Catherine there in the
house right now getting pampered and get
off cute over here we got the eggs yep
yep these eggs where the money will be
in our back when you the little kid do
you remember your parents to put money
you fight like the other side I'll
extend out maybe $20 this with this
phone
and we also found the mother lode of
eggs okay we got a big-ass crater I
don't even want you to hide this much
and I know a lot you gotta fight wonder
what you put in this thing well guess
what I did obviously they need a little
goodie bags Hale and her best friend
violet violets coming over she's gonna
be Easter egg hunting with hell so
here's their little cute little baggies
so now it's time to put the candy in the
eggs who wants the hill oh wait before
we do so comment below when was the last
time you guys want a stir egg hunt I
want to know how many years ago it was
okay come on below hey Johnny just pull
it up with some eggs in a saint-laurent
bag who does you can tell we don't do
this shit bro great item you ready yeah
let's do it even though you ain't got no
kids what's up so we're gonna hide the
big ones first bro where should I put
this this is just too big hell made this
guys I'm I found the perfect spot right
here in the tree even though the girls
can't reach whoever spots it first
getting
perfect hey pops you ever seen Agnes
bitch would you hide that Oh
slick I'd be like George and a jungle to
find it oh we got so many eggs left is
what you gotta do
he's gotta grab a handful and you just
throw throw them out there I see
Jonathan with the creativeness okay tell
me what you just say we messed up we
gonna be fine angle Isles birthday hey
how many eggs we got left we almost done
what is he doing oh hell naw he putting
the candy in his plug this guy here guys
we got like a hundred eggs with these
little as bask win egg size a basketball
with only two kids two kids and there's
got a fit about 40 eggs in it you got
about a thousand eggs out there all
right you guys ready all right don't you
guys need bags though here we got to
find the net hey go one for you one for
you one two three go you wasn't right go
wait that's not fair why she why your
daughter invest in the Ale hell you go
run I'll go get the eggs maybe go get
them all oh yes you can't find them look
oh yeah keep looking girl keep looking
they in the sky they in the sky violet
so L hear your elbow deer over your L
let's go let's get them all you know I'm
saying I know she'll best friend but
come on L come look
no I can't the big one go go go got it
your god yes run move them legs girl
come on let's go you got to run fast L
you've got it what are you doing you get
distracted over here yeah mine mine tell
her mine yes come on Elle Elle is more
oh oh you share that is your best friend
see that
okay okay oh oh oh oh damn she went in
the forest
Ella come on Georgia a jungle Georgian
jungle look look what we found
go in there go in there get it get it
get it now come on get it get it out get
it out get it out get it grab it grab an
egg
grab that egg you yeah I feel like a
proud father
good job what's in there what's in there
Oh all right guys it's time to shrink by
an iMac let go something in this one
hiding better finish okay
we're gonna hide this one just act like
from nothing think what's guys I'm
saying what I want to do for Bailey I'd
like something
but look buddy buddy whose egg looks at
the egg
that's a big egg get a girl what city
what's in it
what city Oh was it okay open it can you
open it oh oh there's nothing I'm sorry
I'm so sorry
you found them all God where the rest of
eggs baby look more eggs more eggs more
tanks right here get it baby get it get
the skinny yes
that's what I'm talking about baby
you're a champion yes baby that's what
I'm talking about you were born to do
this let's go all right Ella's got the
eggs
let's see you want to open another big
one el let's count the eggs you want to
open the other big one yeah you want to
open the big one you love ramen noodles
don't act like you don't pop it you like
it you like it you like it yeah give
each other hug you guys both did a great
job
all so that was the ACM easy stir it
kind of creeped up on us so fast we
didn't really have enough time to
prepare but next year I'm gonna have the
costume of Easter Bunny and I'm gonna be
older yes it's like literally like such
a last-minute thing because we have so
much going on like we're so so busy but
it still worked out it'll not even two
yet so still have some years to really
enjoy it it's a girl no it's a girl
you really don't understand like it's
killing me right now to not know the
gender of my baby I think it's meant to
me that we don't know right now because
we have
tire thing Oh like you really don't
understand no it's killing me of
anything it's killing me I'm the one
that keeps talking about it like I just
want to say you know what now I'm just
like ah okay
you know like can't cancel the plans
let's just um
you know what I'll have the party I'm
kind of look you don't want you to know
I kind of just want to call and just be
like hey can you just tell me and like
Cathan just week
so obviously you guys know that today is
Monday which means that this weekend has
passed and that's something happen if
you guys are part of the East family you
know that a certain phone call has been
made so the foam ball happened last
Friday if you guys don't know you're new
here one of our really really good
friends is doing our gender-reveal party
this is something that we've been
planning for a long time before I even
found out it was pregnant she actually
filmed it so she filmed her reaction
obviously guys you guys no guys no wait
wait wait I'm not gonna lie she did a
pretty good job
she had a real poker face keeping a
poker face like I was trying to like
study like her but like movements and
like the way she smiled in life you know
what I mean I was trying to study no I'm
an expert I was trying to study the
movements and I couldn't read her I was
like what is it I like watch the video
over like 10 times and I'm gonna lie she
didn't pretty good job you did a really
good job we didn't get to do this with
Elsa we're so excited to finally do this
now and we didn't get to do it with the
ace family we all get to experience this
together not nobody was part of our
first pregnancy like no one saw our
first pregnancy like probably there's
like five pictures of me pregnant like
somewhere in the world
so this pregnancy obviously is also very
meaningful to me it's completely
different experience to you a meaningful
for us yeah for all of us it's gonna be
something I'm gonna remember forever and
I'm so glad that I have like my best
friend
and my family involved and I'm so
excited that you guys are involved -
what about me you're my family okay so
we're going to be sharing her reaction
with you guys obviously or should we not
a family give this video thumbs up right
now if you guys want to see her reaction
I'm sure either you fast for it already
or whatever but if you haven't yet just
listen to me so kylie is happy for both
boy or girl we are happy for both boy or
girl literally like if I have a girl I'm
having a boy
same exact reaction same exact okay let
me let me let me reiterate okay you can
do it so if I have a girl I'm gonna be
the happiest dude in the world
but if I have a boy naked as hell i'ma
jump around butt naked on camera it's
gonna get flack real quick no I'm just
joking guys but at the end of the day as
long as our baby's healthy that's the
only thing that matters I'm happy to
just be pregnant like I was so lucky and
fortunate and blessed and like I think
God every single day yes
so you even have the opportunity to be a
mother again so most obviously this
gender reveal like we're making it like
fun and you know we're making an
experience but it's obviously something
that comes with what we do we create
content and we want to make these
memorable experiences and we want to
share all of this with you guys and I
know a lot of you guys are really
excited to be a part of this well we
hope you guys are we hope that you guys
are here so with that being said we're
gonna show you guys the clip obviously
we saw the clip you guys are gonna see
it now so tell us what you guys think
obviously she has a poker face so she is
her reaction is is not gonna be over the
top because she doesn't want to give
that over for top reaction because she
doesn't want us to know like obviously
like that's how we did our general I
though there was a one thing that she
did we're always like
have you raised an eyebrow literally oh
and another thing Caillou a slick you
ain't slick is on just so you guys don't
get confused in the beginning of the
conversation with the nurse she told
Kylie that my ovarian cancer genetics
test came back negative
so I was she also told me that to which
I was so excited about and I was so glad
that I heard from Kai because if I had
heard it from a nurse or I got an email
I would have been so like nervous and
she just kind of threw it at me so I'm
so glad that I don't have that gene
thanks a minute all right guys so sorry
for the rambling but here is the video
y'all roll it put it yes okay guys the
doctor just called with Catherine onsens
results whether they're having a boy or
girl and if you didn't know I'm throwing
their gender reveal party so I'm gonna
be the only one who knows Catherine
Austin wanted you guys to be a part of
this so I'm gonna record this before we
start I'm super excited whether they're
having a boy or a girl I'm just so
excited they're having another pee-pee
sorry I just ran up here so excited I'm
probably gonna show my real reaction
after I stop recording and just have my
poker face on so let's call her
this is the moment I'm gonna be the only
one who knows but loc you guys can't
drop the volume here
hey it's Kylie good so how are you okay
okay great yep
oh okay
yeah thank you I will well she's not
gonna know yet is there doing a gender
reveal but I'm so excited I know
I already thank you all right so what'd
you guys think comment below we want to
hear you guys a spot we're not gonna
tell you the exact date of our
gender-reveal but it is coming up very
very soon yes we do want to live in the
moment and experience like you know like
the full experience event and stuff so
we are gonna be posting the video of the
gender-reveal the next day so we are
going to know before you guys know but
just know that like you know this is
part of us you know you know we do live
in the moment and we do want to cherish
this so you guys are going to be finding
out very very soon trust me I also want
to say thank you for every single person
who's been supporting us throughout this
journey I know that my pregnancy has
been something we were talking about a
lot we've also not
camera as much lately and I haven't been
on camera as much lately and it
literally has so much to do with the
fact that my hormones are crazy I'm sick
all the time I'm tired all the time
only a pregnant woman our sentences
actually experienced that it could under
really understand I just want to thank
you guys for the support and
understanding that and just know that as
soon as I'm like 100% better I know that
in my second trimester I should be
feeling so much better we want to try to
propose every single day yeah we do
definitely want to start trying to post
more yeah but obviously during this time
it's a lot harder than you guys think
but just know we are trying our best for
you guys yeah I personally noticed that
I've seen my comments here and there
people are saying like oh like it seems
like your videos are boring like they're
always in their house blah but I just
feel like it's something that only
someone who does what we do
understand especially someone who is
pregnant or has kids could understand
not only are are we pregnant but we have
a toddler and just that in itself is
just a lot of hard work on top of more
going on that you guys don't see hi guys
so I think that is it for today's video
is that it we covered everything turn on
impulse on occasion so you don't miss a
video so you guys can stay updated oh by
the way guys we're up six point four
million subscribers that is insane that
is here you guys are insane that is
insane like every time I see it I'm just
like this is crazy
can we reach seven million by my
birthday guys that's why no no I don't
want nothing else
I just want 7 million for one birthday
that's it 7 billion a singer members I'm
happy with that
oh yeah like two months yeah like a
month and a half yeah alright guys so
thank you all for tuning in as always
before we close out today's video we do
have to give our pulse impatient showers
to whomever okay so today's posted a
vacation shout out goes to momma
underscore Victoria underscore hey shout
to you mama Victoria thank you so much
for copying her and should we appreciate
you we love you thank you so much for
the support yes thank you so much girl
and whoever doesn't have our merge makes
you cop our merch a shop a sell me comm
link is always in description we also
have backpacks now oh let me show you a
really quick oh my god we totally
freaking for God let me show the room
alright so this is the backpack oh this
AI colitis shit on ice has a little bit
of hmm got some other goodies in here
new up day of socks guys angle I we're
so bad when it comes to like promoting
our merch like you guys know we probably
promote emerge maybe once a week if that
but just know we do got some hot shit
rockin a rat rat gang t-shirts to be
shot quality by the way
like this is super nice quality see that
oh by the way these are my favorite -
I'm sorry guys I gotta stand up
you see ya guys all you gotta do is go
to shop a CMV calm and you've got
options
so whoever else like a pulse on
vacations shout out all you gotta do is
subscribe today's family hit that
subscribe button turn on our post
notifications hit that Bell button which
is right next to each other and once you
do those two things just comment done so
obviously if you liked today's video you
gotta give it thumbs up give it a thumbs
up for Kylie being a mum
she out here you know a lot of you are
obviously already loved her but just go
show her love and tell her that we're
sighs it's a light comment share and
subscribe and like me and my beautiful
pregnant clean always safe don't think
oh my give a little boys gonna love oil
so guys good guys take a screenshot
three two one Twitter's pigs so like me
and my beautiful pregnant clean always
safe we'll be back with more videos
peace
