someone told me never saw
please don't exist in my life these days
but you showed me if I
just find a fit I need to believe
in a fungus by simple if you want it bad
dr. sky-high test your limit
when I stopped in France
most that I can see I'm sorry
hey Emily what's going on everybody
so Landon my brother calls me and tells
me that I need to come over to his house
early this morning my question is what
for he didn't tell me he just told me to
come over so this morning we're gonna go
over to his house and figure out what he
wants all right guys so I just pulled up
to my brother's house now let's go see
we want
it's good bro you're not landing where's
Landon you want to come back over to our
house
I can kidnap you again what's up stacks
all yeah you're crazy
oh my gosh wait what uh oh hell naw what
are we about to do bro what are we doing
oh oh we bout to go on a jog
what okay so are you gonna explain what
we're doing yeah I got me my brother
were talking here right you know the
ostrich to play Division one basketball
I just put a little bass to myself we
got in a little argument we say we have
a hoop that a long time so we brought to
the court I didn't buy the court for
this situation and we even put some
money on a game of one-on-one
211 and the cash prize it's a little
hefty I'm not gonna lie okay Shaw's not
too happy about this but you know I
gotta put my pride on the line here okay
okay
biggest funny all right
is he serious wait are you serious right
now
it can't be serious right now oh my God
he's do I really have to do this one all
right well I guess I'm already here I
did really bring basketball a tiger but
uh I'll still play him since he is my
brother and he did challenge me to a
game of one-on-one
there's no way around it I have to do it
so ace family give this video a thumbs
up right now if you believe that I'm
gonna win all right guys I'm gonna try
my best to film some of this I know he's
filming it for his channel and he has
his video guy I'm not gonna make his
video guy hold my camera and hold two
cameras at the same time so we're gonna
let him shoot this for his channel and
I'll just get you know some pieces from
it so you guys can see and obviously you
guys were know the end result so I shall
see you all in a few hey family right
now it's uh what four to three ain't
that bad
four three me I've been bullshitting for
the last four points but now it's time
to get for real I'm a hand the camera
over to Landon's videographer he got the
film this one for me still he's still
film is two at the same time just use
two cameras at once hey
Hey look you got a recording man just
means right you got to feel me I'm not
them damn shoulder eggs family this is
for you oh good
I wear some ankle braces come on you're
not gonna do it not gonna do what I'm
not gonna do it she is the - there's a 2
6 3 up to this Beach joke she LS game
I'm sorry i disappoint you but couldn't
come through for the team today but it's
ok because I took a loss to my big
brother that's the only person I'll take
a loss to in this world why do people
always have to challenge me I just don't
get it
I Love You Man okay all right I know
you're my brother I love you no real
talk
give me a kiss on my lips not with them
shorts hey Stanley after playing my
brother I just thought of an idea but
I'm not gonna tell you guys until I get
home so I can also explain it to my
Queen Catherine you guys gonna want to
listen to this ace family I was on my
way home but I decide to make a quick
pit stop because I want to address
something and this is going to be a
first for us Catherine I have never ever
addressed anything when someone has
talked negative about us and I find this
negative situation fucking hilarious
it's some straight bullshit
so I'm gonna go ahead and squash it real
quick I'm now here at my mom's house I
never really put her in our videos
because she's not the type of person who
likes to be on camera she doesn't like
to be seen in front of millions of
people
my brother usually puts her on his
channel but today she'll be on mine
right what's going on mama yes I did and
somebody talk to me about I have some
she's at home with her mama
no pranks there's on some serious shit
so where can I sit can I sit right here
all right you got a scared so recently
there has been some people who had said
something negative about me and my
family well mainly about me they said
that your son is racist oh wow
towards black people yeah okay yeah I
think I'm up with that so that's a good
question so they came up with that
because after got my phone really cool
because in 2011 about way back yeah way
back about fifteen thousand tweets ago
back when I first created Twitter 2011
how old was I that was that seven years
ago yeah those are my teens okay that
was back when get to what they said that
was a back no no no no that was back
when I got arrested oh damn oh oh the
government's not so really bad so they
went back in my old tweets right someone
spent hours days went back and found a
tweet that I made in 2011 and that tweet
says can't do black girls cuz after I'm
done i'ma have to pay for their hair
hashtag all bad wait was it now that I'm
thinking about it okay that would affect
me too right yes I am black
right no shit okay yeah you're a
jokester of course everybody knows that
right well I hope if you're part of a
family you know your job you know
our family is international I'm black
I'm white memory in every possibility
I'm a bug it's in there right when you
go to our family functions what I think
every nation is there yes so we can't
claim any one nation right we actually
have to claim them all right exactly so
you must be really important for them to
go back right that's true
restroom know that think about it wasn't
your ex-girlfriend black you're right a
mixed nation also Yankee gay great
you're right chief she's black - right
now think about I kind of lied because
this tweet was tweeted before I dated my
ex-girlfriend industry so I lied in this
tweet ok but you're an things for jokes
anyway I do your writing well you know
there's always I'm sorry to say bottom
feeders as I call my business right
people who feed off the bottom right
right when you're doing something right
people are gonna look at you more right
right and so you just got to keep doing
what's right right right make it be the
laugh smile showing them what family
values are all right I I can pay you
guys to the husband Constable's right
you're too young to know what the hut
schools work but ok families ok
a good family ok no right that's what
people live for when they come up to me
and that's kind of weird they say things
like you know they makes me smile they
make me want to be better right so
you're not not that on it racist phenom
becomes you say Austin's racing he's
black when he's a racist
his mom is black but he's still racist
and you can't focus on these people oh
because the energy needs to go to making
things better and do what you do and
giving back to everybody of course and
you guys do that welcome of course
Austin McComb is racist baby
it's okay Oh camera flip that's how
funny was and that's why I'm talking
about it because it's humorous to me I
don't think it's funny
what do you what what do you what do you
think about it people should lift up
each other up not bring them down you're
a jokester
that's a joke I know it's a joke I'm
Your Mother
hello I'm black
is this real but some days it is some
days it is it's okay we all have things
where ethnic it's funny
you say funny stuff hey you're numerous
we have what we all like it but like I
said it was seven years ago was back
when I when I got arrested and I'm alive
I was I'm a dumbass oh did you shit
perfect did you say I don't remember you
saying you were perfect Yeah right
do you write and I love you to death but
I know you're not praying thank you mama
Thank You being real fun no no no I'm
not helps and there are days I'm gonna
run you over remember I told you yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah so it's all good
yeah you right great okay so I just want
to come over because like I said I
thought it was fucking hilarious like
when they started saying I was something
rumors racist it just baffles me because
good I'm black yeah that's that's the
audience right yeah that's the obvious
because they some people don't think I'm
black because I don't say nigga this and
nigga that in my videos yeah I mean like
I don't carry myself that way so some
people don't really see that I'm black
because I own you know what I mean like
usually your brother had that problem he
did my brother he looks white on the
outside but he's really black you know
and I guess that's just what it's Tim's
from I guess like they don't see me as
black so it's sad that I had a come over
to my mom's house and pulled it on black
and proof that I'm not racist always you
guys this black car yeah you are my mom
you you you did you create me so why I
gotta be a black art I mean dad could be
a black heart that's just black than you
yeah yeah my dad he loves black women Oh
Lord he's more black yeah he loves me
that's nice
that's my dad so it's noted funny to
bring my dad in this is pointless
I just want to come over because I
thought it was fucking hilarious you
know I mean I don't want to talk too
much about it I want to get back let it
go yeah whoever those people are let it
go they can just yeah shoo shoo so I'm
gonna get back to my video I'm gonna
vote for you what you're a black strong
black man always happen that always will
be I appreciate inkay thank you I
appreciate that moment thank you so much
to be my video and I like your freedom
okay I know you don't like being on
camera how much of be in our videos but
you know I had to throw you in this
camera on this one
because I just it's it just I'm confused
I'm confused on myself you know I almost
had a come over stim love yeah but I
almost had to come over and make sure
I'm really in black you know I mean I'm
I have to see it birth certificate but
not just I was funny back to the video I
got a great idea
and there's been something that I've
been wanting to tell you guys and do for
a while so I'm I go back home to my
family I don't even think Catherine
knows about this we're gonna all talk
about it all together and it should be
fun and exciting so before I head back
to the house I just want to say that it
is so sad that people in this day and
age are doing things for attention or
for views we see this time and time
again especially on YouTube where a
youtuber or someone puts a successful
person in their title and gets way more
views than their average view count for
example these people who are talking
negative about us are putting the ACE
family in their title of their video and
are getting way more views than they
normally get and it's all domino effect
as soon as one person talks about
another person and they see that person
get a lot of views from it
best believe another person's gonna see
that video and take full advantage and
do the same thing so they can get a lot
of use and I already know for the people
who are talking shit or gonna take my
response from this video make it their
next video so they can get even more
views I'm a genius
I swear pretty soon people are gonna
have birth certificates no more you know
what they don't have they don't have
numbers views shit parents aren't even
gonna give their kids names anymore you
know what they're gonna give them
they're gonna give them numbers they're
gonna give them views I don't even know
what to say there has been four
different negative things that people
have said about the ACE family one they
have said I am NOT Elle's real dad -
someone has said that Katherine was a
prostitute three they tried to say that
Katherine's engagement ring is fake and
lastly for someone is saying that me
Austin McBroom is racist
how the fuck is that possible someone
literally said hmm the ace family that
family seems fishy hmm there's no way
they're perfect which we're not no one
has ever said that hmm let me check
their Instagram don't see nothing let me
check their snapchat nothing there let
me check their YouTube
nope nothing there wait let me check
their Twitter damn he got 17,000 tweets
fucking I got all day let me go through
this hmm there's a tweet that says he
doesn't like black girls because he
doesn't want to pay for their hair and
the funny thing is instead of saying
that instead of saying Austin doesn't
like black girls because he doesn't want
to have to pay for their hair they say
that Austin McBroom is a racist no I'm
not wait not awesome in broome the ace
family the ace family is racist now that
I think about it no one I'm talking
about no one should ever joke around
with the word racist racism is no joke
there has been racist people in this
world who have been killed so for
someone to accuse another person for
being racist you better have some
motherfucking proof not no little ass
tweet that was tweeted seven years ago
you better go somewhere else with that
bullshit all I could say is this isn't
the first time and this ain't gonna be
the last time someone talks negative
about the ace family so let me tell you
what we don't do we don't keep making
videos we're gonna keep sharing our
lives we're gonna keep being positive we
gonna keep loving one another so like I
mentioned before I wasn't even gonna
address this because this is just the
dumbest shit I've ever heard but I also
wanted to share it so everyone else
could laugh so uh yeah back to the video
know that come here
so what's this about so this is about
something that I've always wanted to do
ever since we've been on YouTube
so before I explain what exactly it is I
want to do I want all of you to know and
everyone to know that this is all for
fun and games it would be weird if it
wasn't for fun true and charity and
charity so as you all know basketball
was my life before anything I had a d1
basketball scholarship for four years
shit that's all she knew when we got
together I'd go to every single one of
his games I'm gonna watch every single
game on my laptop if I wasn't there and
L was in the tummy I wasn't I mean
pretty much basketball was my everything
so I didn't end up continuing my
basketball career for personal reasons
and for the past year and a half ever
since we started YouTube I haven't
really played much actually at all but I
still have love for the game you guys
see I still try to incorporate
basketball in our videos with like the
trick shots I do because at the end of
the day basketball will always be a part
of who I am yeah can you can you tell on
your stats cuz you're like you never
want to tell them your stats you're like
really good yeah absolutely I like to
talk about it should have been like in
the NBA okay I appreciate you are gonna
be like he had like oh my god you were
so good oh you're bringing back memories
I love you can you go play again do you
love it okay keep this this is where I'm
getting to okay so all that stats and
who I played for and how many points I
averaged per game that's all online you
can do your own research so with all
that being said I would love we would
love to put together a basketball event
what that means is I'm going to
challenge anyone with a support system
whether that be a youtuber whether that
be a celebrity whether that be an artist
whether that be a baby so basically you
want to play against someone who has a
fan base I bring a fan base yes some of
that has support yes
since we are in the YouTube space it
would be nice to challenge another
youtuber but I wanted to leave all
options open well the reason why I'm
doing this is because one
the obvious reason the love I have for
basketball to people have been
challenging me for years 3 I know what
there is what's 3 3 is because correct
me if I'm wrong ok
3 is because we haven't had a
meet-and-greet ever true and we were
supposed to do with this here but I got
pregnant so we had all these plans we're
gonna do it this year we couldn't do it
and so and sorry to spill the beans
but we were also planning on going on
tour this year as well but obviously we
can't because Katherine is pregnant so
this is an opportunity to get all of our
ace family members together and have a
fun event so not only will it be fun but
it will also be for charity that's
actually the best part so now the
challenge is out there so if you have a
favorite youtuber celebrity influencer
whoever it may be comment them below and
let them know that the ace family Austin
McBroom has a challenge really though
not only in the comments but on our
social media platforms tag someone who
you know would accept this challenge or
would be a good contestant for this
challenge so now let me explain what the
challenge is so the challenge is playing
against me in a game of one-on-one 1v1
whatever you call it one-on-one we will
be playing up to 21 ones and twos just
know this event will be very well
organized and there will be refs there's
no calling your own foul in this
location-wise it has to be in the LA
area obviously this is where I live and
I'm the one putting it together not only
is this going to be for fun and games
but we're also going to be playing for
$50,000
but listen listen Sonny come on explain
to them why $50 well I know why cuz like
Austin doesn't want just anyone to try
to compete against him like he wants
someone who's actually serious about the
game and who really feels like they can
beat him and I think that once you put
something like that in the equation it
kind of makes it more like and gets more
attention drawn to it where people want
to join and watch and stuff on top of
them being serious about raising money
for charity yeah I mean obviously like
an event like that would bring so many
people so the more people you bring the
more money we would raise for charity
which is pretty much the main reason why
you want to do it other than the fact
that we want to have all our East family
members or not all of them obviously
because not everyone lives in LA but the
a lot of people in LA to get the chance
to meet us and talk to us and hug us and
and whatever the case is well I think
that would be really cool exactly you
get it
so like Katharine said once I pick my
competitor they will let their support
system know and we will have one huge
event and the money we raise through
ticket sales and the winner gets to
decide what charity the money goes to
sounds pretty fair to me I want to play
against you you do okay so now I'm sure
you all are wondering when will this
take place Jim Jim
happy birthday she's right after me and
LD Sipho yes I did after me and Elle's
birthday makes perfect sense my birthday
is on the 20th of May and my daughter's
birthday is on the 28th of May so it
only makes sense to do it after our
birthday so not only does it give time
March April May June three months not
only does it give me three months to
find a perfect location a big enough
location for this event but it also
gives time for my competitor to train
you have to Train too okay maybe I gotta
train alone no you have to train every
everything you do in life like you have
to make sure anything I've still got the
juice brush I still got the juice if you
lose my $2,000 and
person gets to pick the charity I'm
gonna be upset shit I'm gonna be upset I
think that's it I think I've covered
everything and I will be honest with you
I need to pee for so long do you guys
see me like keep moving around
you wanna go pee okay let me finish this
real quick I'll be honest guys I have
been challenged for years and early
years like so like I see it every day
and I see these other basketball events
and my name gets thrown around people
take a lot of this basketball shit as a
joke but this event isn't a joke like I
actually played and I hope whoever is my
competitor um takes it seriously and
that's the thing if I was going to play
basketball with in what I do which is
YouTube I was only gonna do it if it was
my event it only makes sense yeah so
yeah
that's what I've been wanting to do for
a long time makes me nervous I don't
like it I don't know why it's now out
there the challenges out there the ACE
Family Challenge the Austin McBroom
basketball challenges out there oh I
almost forgot to mention and not only oh
this makes it so much better not only
well be challenging someone in a game of
one-on-one but I'm also gonna have a
second challenger for a three-point
contest so if you don't want to play me
in 101 to 50,000 yes so you trying to
put a hundred thousand on this game yes
wins so if someone doesn't believe in
their basketball skills playing me
one-on-one and they believe only in
their shooting skills the three-point
contest let's do it all it does is get
more opportunity and I love giving
people opportunity so we're gonna have
one competitor for one-on-one and we're
gonna have a second competitor for a
three-point contest that sounds perfect
you better start practicing like right
now you know what you talking to no I
know I know right you're right I do I
mean I didn't you never know anyone can
beat anyone
you never know of course are you
confident and he's also very good at 14
but oh but like I said I haven't touched
a basketball really in like two years
so I would have to get back in the gym
train work out now that we have two
competitors I just sweeten the pie
sweeten the pie I made the allottee so
yeah I just made a challenge how much
better more people which means more
money which means more money for cherry
so win-win so now I'm gonna need all my
family members or anyone who's watching
by the way if you're new to this channel
make sure you that subscribe button join
family and as an influencer don't feel
like you have to do it because people
are tagging you it's okay if you don't
want it of course okay cuz you know
sometimes like as an influencer like
when people start tagging something you
like you have to respond like you don't
have to result you don't want to do it
like it's totally lying I'm not going to
call out anyone no just all fun and
games obviously it's about playing the
games basketball and taking it serious
and lastly then probably the biggest
thing like Catherine said is about
getting all of our 800 members together
and being able to mingle obviously I
didn't name this video the ace family
the awesome McBroom challenge but you
guys know what it is now and now you
guys got to tell it to whoever you think
is willing to accept this challenge like
I said you better tag everybody I'm
curious to know who you guys want to
challenge me oh that's enough this
videos long shit sorry guys I just
always wanted to do this is the passion
of mine I think it's gonna be really fun
and yeah so thank you all for tuning in
as always before we close out today's
video we do have to give our post
notifications shout out to whomever
today's positive vacation shout-out goes
to Harvey goo Mon so shots who shot you
Harvey you're trying to challenge me nah
play it's a girl shit girls get jealous
too she's really nice I really like
those oh they're a lot like all the time
oh we love you whoever else like a
postal invocation shout out all you got
to do is subscribe to this family hit
that subscribe button turn our post
notifications hit that Bell button and
once you do those two things all you
gonna do is comment done and obviously
if you liked today's video you've got to
give it a thumbs up give it a thumbs up
if you're excited for the event the like
comment share and subscribe and like me
and my beautiful pregnant Queen always
sick more videos peace
