hey Stanley dr. Chang guys what's going
on everybody that's a mixed emotions
about today's video so a few days ago we
did a video about father reading
daughter's Instagram DMS and a lot of
you requested that we do another video
of me reading Catherine's Instagram DMS
so today that's what we'll be doing oh
great so in order to do this video today
I need Catherine's phone I'm not sure if
you guys can tell but I hid my phone
today so Catherine doesn't read mine you
hid it so if you saw our video a few
days ago about me reading my daughter's
Instagram diems you already know how she
felt about it so how do you feel about
this you have anything to say thanks man
yeah before I read your EOD I actually
do okay good shoot so before you read my
exams I just want you and everyone else
to know that we have so much respect
coming from her supporters not like
we're literally not gonna find anything
you're not gonna find anything that you
think that is like negative or
disrespect for me oh really though let's
leave that to me to find out no I know
your password to 4 to 4 and I don't know
why I don't have my fingerprint on here
like the last one you lucky we got a new
phone fellas out there if you do not
have your fingerprints on your woman's
phone tell her I said so every man in
this world that has a girlfriend fiancee
wife whoever your significant other is
you must have your fingerprint on their
phone advice
remember you know you know it's funny is
like you actually put your fingerprint
on my phone and joke like when I for the
first week I met her yeah and it has a
gel key it has a joke and ever since
then that's how it's always been so so
if I don't have it her password is 2 4 2
4 ok let's go to her Instagram shall we
here is her Instagram I'm not sure if
you guys can see it
that's our Instagram let's go to her
diems oh wait before we start I just
know let them know that way let me see
how many ugly guys Katherine is almost
at 2 million followers so why not follow
her I try included people away from 2
million makes you go follow her right
now her Instagram is right there just
copy that do it so if you guys want me
to post more often on Instagram let me
know in the comments I know that I don't
really close the post like once a month
but I feel like once we move we're gonna
be posting a lot more on this journey
will be more consistent yeah ok we are
now in her Instagram deals
can everybody see that quite hard Eames
that's kind of invasive for everyone we
just listen to me so just like we did
with Elle's Instagram let's start with
the most recent message this is actually
really funny some girl she messages
saying currently a math class Dima you
trying not to get cut
I'll show you guys that I don't really
want to show you guys who messaged what
because I don't want to expose anybody
know what I'm not exposing it's more
about this like pricing their privacy
right all right but if I feel like it's
a good message and I'll show you guys
next message
Oh some guy said text me with his number
and said I have a furniture book but the
question is do you really have furniture
plug it's a furniture company
oh that guy is a furniture company my
bad I didn't really give them you know
investigate look at a profile but it's a
furniture company but still you can
email you know how they get her number
and email you know that's more
professional I want to leave that one
because we do need a furniture plug next
message
Oh dumb guy yes another guy said that
ring is fake as hell he don't love you
you got me fucker I'm gonna show a
message they've shown that ring real
divers don't shine yeah that's all I
gonna say he got me from I mean honestly
if you want something no you got me
delete next message
this one's for my girl hey ace family I
love love love your content you guys
always bring a smile to my face
especially tail I'm looking forward to
purchasing some of your merch and I hope
you're having a wonderful day thank you
that's from Dani and says shut up to her
to you Danny hope you guys can see what
I'm showing you that was sweet
yes and we are having more emerge coming
up very very your new guys gonna be
really excited when you guys see someone
Jew a beautiful picture of my queen oh
did a pretty good job
check it out check it out check it out
yeah I see it
really cute did a great job
I've always wanted like a cartoon
character
oh that I'm glad you brought that up
guys if you know someone or if you do it
yourself
can draw or can come up with a dope
youtube banner for us we need a new one
we've been having the same one for
months now for you and I think we've
grown out of it
even though we do love it I just think
we need a new one so if you guys are
artiste or you know know someone who is
capable of creating us a dual banner
please email us our email a down
description and they're looking for a
new bear we love like the cartoon ideas
like a cartoon picture of me awesome and
L together I'm trying to go through
these messages as fast as I can because
majority of these messages are pretty
damn positive yeah you're right
but I'm gonna find a find some juicy mix
here oh oh oh well I think I might have
found some juicy minutes what I don't
want to finish reading it cause it
started out hey guys should I continue
reading this one let me see let me read
it before you get into them he said hey
love oh hell no how do you know it's a
guy oh hey oh no honey not tonight who
says hey look usually girls say hey look
look it's a guy because his damn icon
picture is with his shirt off okay he's
trying to flex he said hey love should I
continue reading it I don't know he said
hey love I know where you live
meet me at Starbucks what I can't even
be mad at that
let me see that's just crazy wanna see
it I need to see this and they're never
seen anything like her she ain't mean
you know where bruh you want to me so
much you can be me right here
you do that have a shirt off you as a
tank top on same shit let's just delete
that message delete next message from a
girl you and your family is literally
the cutest what a big blessing you have
surrounded by you thank you for all your
tears the laughs and me forgetting about
all my bad people we have in this world
the world needs more people like you
guys I love you as family see messages
like me Terry I begin by filling some
time you know that I screenshot so many
of your comments like I screenshot like
all the ones I like are so powerful to
me and I just read them randomly like I
just saved them in life so shout-out to
you girl thank you so much for the
positive comment thank you so before I
continue reading her diems I just want
to put this out there and say that we
probably not probably we definitely have
the most positive support system on
YouTube right I mean that's so cocky on
me yeah I don't want to sound cocky and
say that I really feel in yeah yeah like
the amount of the thing this is the
thing that like we are so positive and
we have really good karma or good people
we do things off of the camera we do
things on the camera like we just have
so much going that like we do have a
strong fan base we do have a very
positive fan base strong possibilities
but when we do something like we're
human like it when we do something and
we laugh about something that other
people might take offense to a bit if
you don't get our humor sometimes you
might think that we're not positive and
then like it's so funny because the one
thing that we do and then everyone will
go in on us and it's like I feel like
I'm so strong that like a lot of you
understand us and understand our humor
and get us and know that we're good
people that you know sometime
we'll do things that you know aren't
perfect well let me say let me say this
I feel like the people who are new to
our Channel right now just come out of
nowhere and just see a video for the
first time they automatically judge us
yeah
instantly everyone does that right but
I'm saying like the people that have
been there like the ace 10 members
that's been there and watched several
videos of ours yeah understand this more
yeah compared to someone who's new right
so someone who's a new may have
something to say about us and that's why
I love our family so much because they
have our backs 110% if someone random
will come in our comments and have
something negative to say and we're so
positive that our families are so
positive and they just bash them with
positiveness I only see a common thing
like I do recognize a guy I recognize
certain uh thumbnails or certain default
pictures or whatever
what is delete next message another guy
mm-hmm another guy
Oh some do say let me holla for a dollar
who is it dude well what do you say
that's from Texas what do you think
there's a far tail away from you let me
see in Texas now you only you see and
the way I know you don't even need to
see don't even need to see why I need
you I mean you read that cuz he doesn't
need to know
next message
right if these motherfuckers go stop do
you mean I might say so I think they
know that you're reading that's why look
at was Doug gonna get his buck ahead
when this we go short last message i'ma
read last message you get a lot of dance
from God you get a lot of things from
girl I didn't notice you get a lot of
dance from girls you get like 99.999999
girls so this last message right here it
says that house looking kind of big you
gonna need an assistant
let me be your assistant shut the hell
up
excuse me my man we already got that
assistant I'm done with this phone here
take it
that's why I don't be looking at your
phone just so you guys know Austin was
here like an hour searching for the only
guys that the enemy the only one there's
video definitely sit longer than any
other beacon I never 7 this chair isn't
alone but for the most part her diems
are pretty positive and clean so I can't
be too upset and I have to expect you
know certain guys are gonna send mom
woman certain teams because and it's ok
because you don't feel like evil takis
oh my as I not mean thanks but yeah so
how do you feel about me reading your
needs you didn't cry like no nothing
like I didn't care because literally we
get the same again so we're gonna grow
old like I'm gonna be old enough to
grant the light pass
you know that old and is okay if I still
read you deals then I'm probably not
gonna happen do you guys thing is
Claudia was singing elephants we're
always watching before I was in a
relationship like this one
I always thought that was corny and um
when coupled with Matt I always thought
so corny but then like when you like
live your life and you don't care what
anyone thinks you like mrs. fun this is
cool
all right guys if you like this video
give it a thumbs up if you want me to
read us Indians next what okay you can
read all money we can trade almost for a
year we should do that we should trade
off all the phones for the day I'll just
play why okay yeah and I'm like you do
like snapchat so my obvious I'm done
here yeah like she said give this video
thumbs up if you want her to read my old
ass like you say you got a way to things
video how am I gonna find it you'll find
it just me you'll know how I know why
because you press okay you like you
accepted the bus I dude you did because
I didn't know she started out by saying
I love you guys so much love you guys so
much I thought she was referring to us
hey did you send your picture just
latency as a stem y'all gonna win
something i think it's fine we're done
filming no you're gonna wait alright
guys that is it for today's video hope
you enjoyed it always a little off this
video we do have to give our poll
syndication shout out to who live it
today's suppose on vacation shadow goes
to Courtney Fisher and I'm just gonna
read it because today's we just kind of
short okay your family is an inspiration
my father abandoned me and watching your
guys's videos makes me feel like you're
family
just seeing how amazing you treat your
beautiful daughter brings me so much joy
it would mean such a dream to me if I
could spend the night in your guys at
dream house
you all so much thank you so much
beautiful comment I want to show her
guys have you come across her please
show her love
she's one of you guys as sisters right
right friends they're famous no they're
all like family members yeah right so
this is one of their sisters true what
your family your friends can be here
family really yeah yeah like you pick
who your family is true but you can pick
it well guys you guys know she's a part
of your favorite game so if you come
across her you know show her love
obviously if you like this video you got
to give it a thumbs up like comment
share and subscribe and like me and my
beautiful I'm not sure if you guys
noticed Katherine's here today but I
tell her to wear it like this more often
because it's just gorgeous like you know
her straightening her hair is you know
say
I've been straightening my hair for 15
years and I'm sorry I did it straight
never like always tell her a t-top away
she wears her hair it's sexy so like me
and my beautiful Queen always say we'll
be back with more videos peace
