hey guys what's going on everybody so we
have a whole bunch of running around to
do today we have a couple errands
because we are going out of town in
three days three days anybody know where
we're going if you know what we're going
are you think you know ignore you'll
know where we're going so you guys are
probably wondering where Ellis she is
currently with her grandfather right now
she's spending time with him before we
go out of town but they'll be back later
on today but before then we're gonna run
some errands we got to go and take our
jeep in and get the license plate put
back on because someone got a fix-it
ticket you and we're also gonna go get
the new iPhone so make sure you guys
keep watching cause we're gonna bring
you guys along with us like always y'all
ready are you all ready are y'all ready
to come with us alright guys now we're
here my boy spot Platinum Motorsports
and he is currently putting on my
license plate because I got to fix the
ticket and be honest we weren't trying
to put a license place on because our
ace family members are so strong that
you guys are able to find us and so we
got here and we didn't notice that um
the Klout gain yeah pop up shop right
across the street and where we're trying
to get our Jeep done and they have about
a billion supporters outside my sure of
you guys can see amount of people that
they brought out is unbelievable it's
literally wrapping around Melrose like
they're all over the place so Katherine
and I pull up in the Jeep and people are
like hopping in the Jeep and getting in
front of Jeep and we're so scared
because we don't want to run over
anybody's toes but literally we love you
all we love you
guys so much like when we see you guys
are like I wish I could but the point
was not to have our license plates on
because we want to be more private and
the cloud gang literally just ruined
that for so shout to all my boys in the
cloud gang it's just not physically
possible to be private because we have
all the supporters now looking at my
license plate I'm trying to get up out
of your room how we're gonna get out but
we're gonna figure it out there's just
so many damn people oh my god I love
that girl she's wearing a nice family
hat oh yes no no no huh oh god oh god
they're all coming oh yeah of course
ha hello you're part of a family show
them the hash on the hat she's a real
ace name remember right here wearing it
out in public when she didn't even know
we were gonna be here I love you I love
you what up bro thanks for the support
we love you guys so much oh that's love
that's low that's love that's love
what's going on bro we love you you're
part of a family it's lit hey Bri bring
her up here too bro please oh my gosh I
love her so much I'm a big picture I
love her oh hey I gotta say hi to my
girl right here better let him give up
hi
oh my god love you I love you oh my gosh
you came over here all the way up here
you're four days family yeah oh my gosh
we love you we love you they came back
for a little a family signature
you got the good handwriting we stick to
doing that it's late it's late over here
preciate you brought us together as a
family
oh my gosh we love you guys so much
we're gonna get ready to back out did
you type in your my 8 she typed it into
this type in ace family thanks bro
Katherine I tried to stop by and show
you you know love and support your
pop-up shop but it's just not physically
possible bro I'm trying to get through
to say what's up to show love and it's
just not physically possible like we're
scared we're gonna run over people bro
it like I'm gonna try again but if we
can't we'll see you guys later
we'll just show them cuz they're in
there inside right now they're inside
the shop and they can't see how many
people are here there's no parking spot
so we want to show you guys how many
people are actually here to support
which is amazing
I'm just gonna give you a little preview
of how crazy this is look at this look
at this look at this look at this please
don't get ran over please please we love
you guys family now am i cleaning are
about to go buy these iPhone ain't so
you ready baby so ready let's go ki so
ready for my new road
alright guys tell us about to take
Catherine to eat somewhere nice right
and so we pull it to a light she looks
over and she sees chick-fil-a and she's
like no first of all mr. okay you looked
over at chick-fil-a and you said I did
not say that I was gonna take you
somewhere nice and you know that
chick-fil-a beats anything so I guess
chick-fil-a it is even the line here is
ridiculous why is everything so crazy
today I don't know today's poppin guys
I'm so hyped right now I'm so hyped my
food is here oh my god
my god ball thank you we even got a
smelly murmurs at chick-fil-a we
appreciate right shout to my boy Jay
right here he's a big supporter
darn easy to paint awesome good luck bro
thank you so ah damn you couldn't wait
for me you're driving what do you wanna
do just stand the food
hey Sammy for those who don't know
Katherine loves food that's why I love
my baby she loves food like me guys also
know he's makes fun of me because he
says in my mouth is like a refrigerator
look what he does life hacks alright
guys we just pulled up at a Highway
Patrol ticket office you can't sign off
parking yeah I think you guys I think
that's what it's called like we
mentioned before Katherine I recently
got to fix a ticket and for some reason
someone waited to the last day so we're
here now get it taken care of so we
already got the license plates put back
on so now they just gotta check them and
once they check and we'll just take them
right back off so um it's all I need
right it's ticket I think so a wallet ID
money that's a right yeah they don't
have to come in the car and see that
it's all about it alright hopefully this
doesn't take too long what happened you
won't believe it
what I have to show you come here have
to show Oh God
oh gosh but I'm guessing it's closed
because no one's here no Austin you know
your license gonna be suspended kids
this is why you do not wait too
last-minute Katherine Austin I've been
telling you every single day for one
month so what are we gonna do somebody
no you can't talk to anyone no one's
here
wait what happens if you don't meet a
deadline like what happens you're like
no it does
you know what the crazy thing is is that
we literally live down the street from
this place we could have came here any
day no we didn't have time to we had
time we've been out of town for the last
month and a half no no but seriously
though like what really happens I think
nothing happens well today was literally
the last day to get it fixed and clearly
it's closed so I can't get it fixed
happens if I bring it back tomorrow
should I be good hopefully I get
somebody nice and they'll take care of
me because if not that's not good afro
people do not wait until the last minute
to do stuff it never works out as you
can see what cuz you always do that you
always complain in the night guys I'm
not gonna lie
kind of upset right now but I think
everything happens for a reason
and I'm always the type to to stay
positive no matter like what it is in
this case like me waiting into the last
minute happened for a reason I don't
think so I think so let me think that
okay better oh because what if we win
another day and something bad happened
you just never known things happen for a
reason so just take it as what it is and
move forward and just get it done so so
now I'm moving forward and I'm gonna get
it done all right family we are now here
at the AT&T store not to get our new
iPhone right now captain I currently
have the iPhone 7 but we need new ones
I'm not sure if you guys can see this
but I have a crack in them they
definitely can't see I can see that I
have a cracking little my camera which
is all bad because captain I use our
phones for work so we need new phones
hopefully the iPhone 8 has better camera
quality because you know we like to take
pictures video stuff like that so I'm
excited are y'all excited Ben are you
ready I'm excited all right guys so
they're doing the paperwork process
right now as you guys know switching out
your phones is a process and we don't
want to bore you with that and Kathryn
are switching over plans to ATT more
with bubu sprint now we're with AT&T
hopefully as much better so we shall see
you guys with the new iPhones very soon
are you already see we got a new iPhone
for my baby
gold gold and a new one or daddy go
so Austin wanted the black one but there
wasn't any black ones available with a
260 gig is it 262 15650 six gigs so he
ended up getting the gold as well but I
mean they're both really nice and this
is something we've never had we've
always had black it's not crazy it's
crazy as you guys can see they're not
open yet Kath and I want to wait for you
guys and open it on camera so we all get
that voice
of the new iPod you know how hard it is
for us not to open these oh my gosh I'm
so hyped we're gonna head back to the
house and open up together alright guys
we had a rush back to the house because
L Lyla should be back any minute
I can't wait to see my baby nails back
look at your little polo so cute your
Jays all your Jays ace family your boy
figured it out looks like I'm not going
to jail after I got my fix-it ticket
extended let mommy try to do your hair
since you just woke up since you just
woke up all right al while mommy's
getting the lights would you like to do
the honors
yeah okay here you take it over to the
light so they can see you okay oh good
job what we get good job baby good job
Wow G strong
good job you're strong mama why are you
this smart as this for the first time a
baby has ever opened up the new iPhone
it should be a commercial good job baby
take the plastic off so you want to open
up the second one now you haven't
finished opening your baby no you got it
girl who taught you how to open up these
iPhones wait take out the plastic
already yeah as you can see l made a
mass destruction while we were trying
take a cute thumbnail pic so do you like
the new iPhones better than the old ones
right so here's the old one and show
them the new one
Wow same size so along with the iPhone
they give you the normal you know
essentials hello or laughs let's watch
what happens my shotty die phone away
from LG don't freak out l can I can
daddy borrow his new phone guy see let
me see
hey it's daddy's phone not a good
attitude look with it let me Cassie
trate trate trate you get my old one why
is it or not letting Trey you get you
get my old one I get to know one trait
that's a fair trade that's a fair trade
the old one for the new one okay you can
have both okay give me see the new one
guys I'm not gonna lie when it comes to
iPhones I usually like the black but I'm
filling this new gold color okay
remember here you can have it it may
take a few minutes to activate your
phone doing the fingerprint right now
you better add a second one put mine on
there too I feel really hopeful with
these new iPhones that there's enough
storage for us and the camera quality is
that much better because we like to take
pics so I'm gonna set up
rest of the phone another day I think we
pay them at the appointment because I
want to be able to have our iCloud and
then sync then yeah I'm not gonna lie
I'm killing it nice I mean it's just a
phone but it's nice if you guys want the
new iPhone 8 or you guys are thinking
about getting the new iPhone 8 from what
we see so far it's definitely worth it
once we start using it we'll give you
guys more feedback but I'm excited to
start using this new iPhones to see what
the hypes about so that was kind of the
main reason why we made this video is to
share with all of our ace family members
what the new iPhone 8 experience is like
so hopefully that helped all of you and
also to AT&T if you're watching this you
guys you know want to sponsor us or hook
us up that would be nice
baby you want an iPhone huh you want a
new one you do mom or do you want the
old one the new one or the old one it's
weak literally only 15 months old if
you're new to our channel this baby
knows things I don't know how she knows
she's at the old one is a week I was
just gonna give her this one with no
internet but I guess she don't even like
it so whatever actually wait we have to
turn these back in so we kind of need
these you might whip it with a knife own
it commercially it's all pretty like
I've never actually liked it the phone
like the way that it works was you can
tell L likes it
goddamn you up says can I get my phone
guys I'm never gonna get a chance to use
my new phone okay I'm gonna ask you one
last time
you want to try okay so since we now
have the new iPhones all we have to do
is put our ace phone cases on them so if
you don't have an ace family phone case
I suggest you join the family and get
one well we'll look like lettuce like
this actually when I get the pink one
cuz I have the purple one and I haven't
got the pick one yet so yes we have all
different types of colors all you gotta
do is click the link in our description
for the ace family store yeah if you
happen to get one just tweet us pictures
so we know which one you guys got so
thank you for everyone who tuned in as
always before we close out this video we
do have to give our post notification
shoutout to who Bevan so earlier today
we stopped and got Starbucks and the
lady that was working the drive-thru she
was a big supporter of our so we
promised her that we would give her a
post on vacation shout out today so who
would that go to bed
so that post certification goes to
Paulette Paulette from Starbucks and by
the way thank you so much Paulette for
giving us free Starbucks we want to get
out and give you a hug but it just
wasn't physically possible but thank you
again and whoever else like a post on
vacation shout out all you have to do is
subscribe to the ACE family turn on our
pulse notifications then comment win and
make sure you stay tuned for our next
video so you can find out where we're
going on our week long trip and
obviously if you like this video you got
to give it a thumbs up like comment
share and subscribe and like me and my
beautiful family always say we'll be
back with more videos peace
