someone told me never saw
please don't exist in my life these days
but you showed me if I
just find a fit I need to believe
in a fungus by simple if you want it bad
dr. sky-high test your limit
when I stopped in France
hey what's going on everybody if you
live in the LA area you know exactly
what kind of weather we've been dealing
with I'm not sure even here the rain in
the background but it's raining and if
you are new to our channel make sure you
hit that subscribe button and join the
family we are on our way to six damn
that's a lot of eight family members
that's crazy and it's not gonna stop
there it's not gonna stop there where's
it gonna stop
who knows and if you're a part of the
ACE family and you don't already follow
on Instagram makes you follow us on
Instagram here's my little princesses
Instagram the name may be hard to
memorize so make sure take a screenshot
follow her make sure you show her some
love guys don't mind my phone my screen
cracks a long time ago I've been lazy to
get it fixed and here's my Queens
Instagram follow her show her love maybe
you guys can inspire her to start
posting again or more often and here's
mine I'm starting to fall in the same
category as Kathryn not posting but I
must be back on my shit so make sure you
follow me show me love spam ah shit cool
guys what you do follow us makes you
comment so we know we know so now we're
about to head over to Ikea we think it's
about time that L sleeps in her own bed
so we're gonna go look at beds and see
what we can find something maybe like a
daybed or something she'll enjoy being
in to sleep hopefully hopefully she
enjoys it enough for her to start
sleeping alone without us as all of us
down the numbers are witnessing Elle is
becoming a big girl big girl breaks my
heart so we're gonna be heading out soon
we're gonna go find a bed you guys are
welcome to join if you guys have any
ideas on an event or anything that
specifically worked for you and your
child comment below let us know and
we'll see you guys in a few people well
we are now at IKEA we're in the kids
section so ace family helped us find a
bed for out but it's all baby stuff we
don't need to look at this yet the beds
are back this way
beh beh
these aren't beds mamacita are these
beds those are cute so here are the bed
Oh God
so we found some beds definitely found
some bed so so what about this this
one's nice
I actually really like this one what
which one look at this bed like a
shopping cart what about this one Tibbie
no it's cute lay in it we don't have to
put that blue thing on the top you can
just change that it's nice
kind of cool you sound smaller for I
can't until your goal okay what about
this boy shopping why shopping carts up
like this
yeah that one's nice that's like storage
at the bottom we need to find something
that she's gonna enjoy being in
yeah I like this I kind of want to get
like a daybed type of thing that has
storage underneath so she could put like
her toys and stuff in there do we need
some stuff animals
hey I'm not sure if you noticed or not
but I am obsessed with stuff animals I
got love stuff animals that's cute
but this was cuter this right here
reminds me of a thing and this reminds
me of the haters show about it Shawn
wait what are those what spikes all
right guys so we are now at a different
section in Ikea
can you guys please turn the music down
hopefully it's not copyright so you
found some more beds yeah so I actually
have two in mine which are the only two
white ones here
this is something that I already
imagined obviously would have a
different like sheet and stuff but I was
thinking this is like a bunch of pillows
around it I like this one yeah is it too
high for her to get up though no it's
perfect and then this is perfect for
storage like toys in there she felt like
whatever she wants in there and then
there's also this one but the difference
of this one is that there's no side to
it against the wall but I like this one
this one's nice actually
I like this one
alright so this what we got here it's
come a little closer race family so this
year we're going to be accomplishing
some major things we're going to well
Matt one sec let me see we're going to
be hitting 10,000,000 ace family members
in 2018 yeah well we just in case you
guys don't understand how many eighths
kind of members were trying to have
we're trying to have more people than
forgot stop
okay then Fargo stop you see it and for
the people who don't want us to have
more guests family members
alright guys we just got done looking at
IKEA we found a bed that we like but
we're not 110% sure just yet because we
want to keep looking I would know like a
Restoration Hardware just to make sure
because I saw some in a catalog couple
months ago and I loved one but it was
like too big for her at the time and I
know once we post this video you guys
will give us great feedback on some
other ideas so we're just gonna wait and
see what we find
alright guys we're gonna make a quick
little stop before we head home we are
now here at Toys R Us
I want to get a little toy for her
fighting through her sickness so we're
gonna bring her home something and
surprise her so what are we gonna get
her I want to get a toothbrush
ain't no gift no my baby needed toy blow
dress she already has the Milano she'll
give her a whole OOP
small enough hey hey okay okay hey
family give Catharines up right now I
didn't know you were talented in this
let me try let me show the dad
attraction what the only can do it cuz
you're pregnant have to do with me being
pregnant
don't you know my belly's gonna smaller
enough telling a family if you have
parent who spoils their kids we must
admit it is hard to find the new shit
and if you're someone who is wondering
why we spoil our kid well we want her to
have everything that we didn't have shit
I just want lucky to have everything I
wanted to live the best life possible
shit fucking me wait should we get her a
bike true how about we get her something
that she can learn from yes I love this
this was cool is that
oh look it make noise a so we got our
two books and I also think we're gonna
get her this this is pretty cool you
like this color
yeah more colors I like that color I
like this one sure you want a lower bike
we should get it let's get it bro we
have to now we're gonna use it is she
now let's get that later mob ever
deserves what if I want to go to
something else for a birthday yeah my
baby deserves everything shoe like our
mama she a family dinner too damn bike
all right we got a variety of gifts got
books about learning books we got bikes
for her to learn how to ride a bike
okay all right guys we just go back to
the house and I'm excited to see if L is
excited about this damn bike oh it's
just the cutest thing you ready yeah
all right baby so you give her them week
as books and I'll give her the bike
knock that luckily bad bad mama look
what we got you a mini bike you want to
see it
thank you no and we're gonna get your
little helmet I'm coming baby I'm coming
yeah you want to sit up ha ha so that's
how you do you gotta sit on and your
feet go here okay check you out with
your feet right here can you reach yes
you push you push good you push there
you go good each one at a time good good
yeah they're like baby's legs on you
strong yourself with it
bullshit you want to go over there okay
she wants me to go industry thank you
right here push boys control the market
good I have to admit this was a good
investment guys okay let her go she
wants to do it good hahaha what help no
help
okay okay should go ahead and Shay but
we don't need no help you trying to get
off you done right give there that try
to right okay here you hold the camera
okay you film that I get on the bike
okay all right
dad that's turned to right og status
bucking here don't fill me fill me fill
me
you got it can you see me see me damn
dead is what can you fit you also got
you some books oh look at the head you
like it
pretty cool huh let me show you the
other one look at this one this one's
really cool look it look a little look
watch watch okay look we also got you
this one check this one out Oh
Dori bear less open air who's Dori you
want me to open it huh
okay can you say thank you first huh
say thank you
calvess Ito gave Osito camel besito hey
is how you feel right now you want me to
open it right okay give me the seat
though first now I'm not gonna open it I
just lame good alright guys we had a
long day longer than you guys imagine
because we didn't we didn't put too much
on this vlog so we're gonna go ahead and
close out today's video right here but
obviously before you close out today's
video we do have to give our pulse
notification shout out to a baby so
today's posted on vacation shout out
goes to PS bailed pH ia Nicole so shout
out to UPS shark to you Pia thank you so
much for being a part of a family girl
you know we love you whoever else like a
post notifications shout out all you
gotta do is subscribe today's family hit
that subscribe button turn on our post
notifications hit that Bell button want
you to those two things what you got to
do ya yep just comment done and
obviously if you liked today's video
you've got to give it a thumbs up give
it a thumbs up for l learning how to
ride a bike today right you know
earrings - oh you show that a snailor
your earrings oh you pop like share
comment and subscribe and like me and my
beautiful family always say video peace
