you're our editor our producer our
songwriting so she's man right now she's
working on creating our next music
videos
yeah she's producing it she's writing
notes down he'd already done know done
happen happen all right so you continue
that why me and mommies do our intro
okay okay hey welcome back to our
channel guys well it's the one on
everybody so before we begin with
today's video we just want to say thank
you to everyone who showed us love and
support with our song along with our
music video come on love that you guys
showed us was unbelievable
like beautiful days family is so strong
that our song happened to be charting on
iTunes top 10 y'all I think like the
last time that I checked it it was like
number four or something is real right
now like it's crazy because I don't know
whether to like jump of excitement or
cry or laugh it's just so funny because
like you guys know like you guys have
been seeing on our channel we literally
did this so last minute we recorded this
song in like two hours and we actually
like made the lyrics up as we went and
we were recording the song and we also
filmed the actual video last minute like
two hours in two hours as well and it's
so funny because you guys don't know
this but the night before we actually
didn't even have a location to film and
we were freaking out
we're tweeting us at me you guys are
tweeting us and saying that you were so
excited for the music video to come out
and we were like so nervous because we
haven't shot it yet we haven't shot we
hadn't shot it yet and we still didn't
even know what we're gonna do or where
as you guys saw in our previous blog we
were trying to figure out what we're
gonna wear for the busy video we were
stressed out and we didn't even know we
were gonna wear until last minute we
didn't have a location till last minute
but everything just worked out perfect
it's so crazy how things work out but I
mean as you guys know you know we're not
singers doing YouTube we're youtubers
that happen to do a song that's the
beautiful thing about having a youtube
channel is that you can do whatever you
want you can create whatever you want at
the same time have fun and you know
every now and then spice up the content
we had such good feedback cap and I
decided that we will be doing more yeah
sure there's no reason why we wouldn't
like it's so much fun to us and it's so
funny because we were actually laughing
the entire time that we were filming the
music video we're trying so hard to keep
a straight face because we wanted this
video to be like more serious you know
it's something a little different than
what we usually show you guys it's funny
cuz a lot of you guys or we're tweeting
and commenting saying I've never seen
Austin not mature but I think we did a
pretty decent job yeah I think so I mean
are we not going to do feedback so
that's a good thing that's always a plus
obviously we knew that we were gonna get
you know some negative comments and some
negative energy but that's the thing
with YouTube is like that's what you're
expected and you know doing a music
video something completely out of our
element you know we've never sang before
you know in front of you guys we've
never done a music video were saying in
general yeah we were first time we've
never done sitting on the mic we've
never done something that was like
completely just us just going with the
flow and like just being I do not
explain it and I think for the people
that were hating the only thing that
they were able to say was that our song
was auto-tuned oh yeah that was like the
most repeated comment that we saw pretty
sure like most artists nowadays have
auto-tune in their music and like I said
earlier we're not artists so but once
again thank you all for showing so much
love and support you guys are truly a
blessing and we couldn't thank you guys
enough and we also want to thank
everyone who's reacted to her video we
noticed a couple people were reacting to
our music video yesterday the day that
we posted I actually want to shout a few
people out that I did see shouts of
coolly
I appreciate you bro shout to you I love
your way
shoutout to kid camel camel kid camel
Saturdays yeah
shoutout to Christine and Darius Shante
ohh Shante ah job to even see shout out
to you guys I love y'all
shout out to Ralph is me you funny bro
shout-out to double 18 TV y'all plenty
tail I love y'all and shout out to my
boy money Gamache thanks for showing the
love bro thank you and last but not
least shout-out to Rosa
Santana raise us at dinner raises
antenna I think you're Brazilian and I
watched your video you were so cute
Olivia yes thank you all for showing so
much love and reacting to her thank you
thank you thank you and now we were
gonna have my beautiful princess react
to our video right cuz you were right
there watching the whole soon she always
acts so different with him when music
comes on in general so she's gonna be
more still and she's been for the past
couple minutes you ready to watch you
want to watch mommy and daddy look
Oh music music you think I love music
she is gonna be a singer and a dancer
when she's older and watch and see me
performing Bella I love you as family
say lucky his family thank you for
showing so much love to my mommy and
daddy right all right here we go you
ready list the music video
alright you're my eggs thank you baby
the biggest supporter money
I'm the beautiful that's what they were
sorry there I love that thing
the song I know they kind of sound like
eggs but you're like I mean all our fans
know that we're saying
I think I like the lyrics you read the
lyrics
did you think you did a good job did we
do a good job we did good job good job
are you gonna be in the next one you
want to be the next one ace family want
you to be in the next one - they missed
you in the last one they were like
where's uh where's Wyatt
L not in the music video why is it
called a family and it's just awesome
and Catherine my good news I don't know
why I don't know why I was there and
didn't make it I didn't make my guts my
cameo what's the next song we should do
huh
what's the next song what's the next one
do you do you want to be in the song -
or just a music video you know no matter
both both okay cool we'll do both okay
so I'm gonna sing - I'm gonna say bad
run all these proves nothing more
sharply yeah thank you again for
everyone who continues to support us we
can never thank you guys enough we try
to be as positive as possible I feel
like there's so much negativity she's
calling someone I lose is more common to
somebody okay could be she is like
really it's a thundering up oh my gosh
once we don't like to follow me she's
officially a toddler guys number maybe
we have to put the phone on airplane
mode because we have to because she'll
take snapshots of her face and snap it
to all my recent snapshotting text call
FaceTime FaceTime people so like I was
saying there's a lot of negativity in
this world there's a lot of drama on
this YouTube space in this world in
general so we try to keep you know as
positive as possible you know we try to
show ourselves put our hearts and our
sleeves and really just make content so
thank you so much for your guys and
support so if you don't like our videos
and you don't like her music it's okay
you just don't have to watch it ya know
watching it's okay because we still love
you before we close out today's video we
do it and give our poll sonication shout
out to whoever deva doe esit exclamation
so I'm gonna I'm just gonna spell it out
so if we make sure that she knows it's
her so it's de Jay a Dave oh he has 19
exclamation and I love your comment so
shout-out to you thank you so much for
supporting us you get it I'll just say
that shout out to you girl thank you so
much for having our Polson vacations
turned on and showing love whoever else
would like a postnup micaceous out out
you guys should already know what to do
subscribe to the east family turn on our
pulse communications then comment we've
done it obviously if you like this video
you got to give it a thumbs up and also
give it a thumbs up if you guys are
ready for our next song along with the
music video the like comment share and
subscribe and like me and my beautiful
family always say we'll be back with
more what videos
