like these days now what are you guys
doing
Jamba Juice she's gotten so big that she
can probably driving herself now can you
sit up and reach the pedal and I get and
I get hit the pedal hit this paddle
right here
see that's how you go no no don't reach
like with your feet on stand up and then
put your feet on like this look like
that look push it can you do it push it
you can do it look look push it push
this good job what's it look it look
push it very push it you can do it good
push it this is like patty cook ready
here we go
since that's your car what are you gonna
call it oh yeah okay that's a good name
Elle is that your car yeah what are you
looking for oh you want to ride with
Fifi you want feet you want Fifi to ride
with you
where's Fifi breakfast poufy put Fifi in
the car with you okay put him in the
seat good job you said what she wants
something else she wants out if you want
the other Fifi - she has - okay good job
now you driving okay you take him to go
get so much a pole a good job click a
button yes
maybe you got to drive the car you got
to sit right here put put put Fifi in
his minion right there and you sit right
here sit right here you sit right here
no not the dogs you there you go you sit
you sit on this side and you drive okay
there you go now you drive pull your
feet right here good good good job good
job
wait wait you need that bad bad oh I
wanted to put this together you did damn
you must be strong as hell no I gotta
fix it
hey a them let what's going on everybody
so if you're part of the 8th family you
know that Katherine I mentioned a couple
videos ago that we would love to
collaborate with other youtubers and
it's kind of funny because literally a
week after Katherine and I met some
youtubers at an event and we mingled a
little bit we clicked really well and so
we invited him over to the house to
chill we'll probably order some pizza
and stuff and so they're coming over
today
Katherine and I didn't think that they
were for sure coming because they trying
to film every day like us so they're
super busy but they're coming they're on
their way right now it actually might be
here
I did want to prank them but it's so
last minute that I don't know what to do
so it might not work so if you guys
think you know who it is just comment
below I guess I can't give you guys one
hint they are a couple that's all I'm
gonna say they should be here any minute
so stay tuned
okay
alright go ahead
loveSac we're gonna play games oh my god
oh my god oh I think you in here that
early I think maybe like 6:30 really
usually water says it's wrong time so I
was like yo I got a kid home Susan Koman
I do the only thing I have a mask see
where you get drink soon as you uh bring
it over why are you here are you trying
to uh try to ride Patti before I get on
camera I'm like a pro you trying to
right Patti he's like not really like
respondent he's like kind of confused
and then just now he just told us that
he thought Patti was the patio so what
is Patti
he doesn't taste family he doesn't know
Patti should I take notice wrinkles I
take him on the ride
all right let's go we're going on Patti
come over is it a motorcycle it's not a
motorcycle to be honest guys only all he
can fit this man right here like seven
feet tall so I don't even know what's
going on I need like six five six five
yeah no I don't mind the NBA you know
you know I take Austin's position you
know I'm right Patti bye-bye okay you
stay with the girls have fun come on bro
you like to see Patti nah bro that's not
bad you ready to see it's right around
this Jeep
getting paddy Bell see
oh you fist flow comfortable all right
ease family this guy can not drive oh no
we got a bank account when they got a
baked shirt on guys I thought it was
cheap you see me over here I got forever
21 0 is a forever 21 is this bread Jesus
Joey comment down below and this is not
all right guys we gotta cross the street
there's cars behind us I am literally I
don't think we have the same oh yeah we
got it
oh
oh my god I don't think we have the same
rules as it as a car good
we got insurance and license and this
this was fun when we started guys get
some Jamba Juice in surprises you guys
know - all of our favorite I'd luckily I
love Jamba Juice do these fries though
like this Rachel from drama juice no no
it's like a cross like in the mall your
harmony is very classy he's gonna kill
me guys if Google family if I never drop
a vlog again you know why so where do
you park to be honest how to get a free
parking spot every time at the mall guys
I mean because we gotta go in and out we
can sit there and you know waste time so
we're just gonna do it
no I'm not there every time I come to
the mall this is where we park hey
family I'm upset with myself because
when they first came to the house the
prank was kind of weak I must admit but
don't trip because supposedly he's not
going back to Canada wait no yeah they
know okay they know hopefully my giving
away but he's not going back to Canada
so he's staying in LA which means there
are other opportunities for him to get
got I mean it's prank wars between you
and captain and being Sofia except you
see in my pranks and I never get
frightened yeah we'll see how that goes
we're at the spot the fry spot just love
vodka no no no over here over here
flavored french fries my guy there's
like they have the magical powder on
them I'm down delicious cheddar they
have you can literally you can choose
you can choose any flavors you want you
can mix them no I swear I usually go
with the sour cream and the barbecue
guys I forgot my wallet so we got Wolfie
being my sugar daddy today I gotta do it
man
sour cream and barbeque samples we can
try it you got at least try it first
even though I know you're gonna love it
you got it you can try it I like
barbecue okay let's see I do like sour
cream but together it's like the moment
of truth right here
the moment of truth the best fries in
the world
be honest be honest bro haste family you
know what time it is
go ahead try another one fire fire
Wolfie is literally my sugar daddy today
of course he just bought me some Jamba
Juice so we're over here talking I look
down his fries are gone
look at mine I'm over here chilling and
the girls are probably wondering so we
gotta hurry up and get back to the house
so we go safe ride this one video how
much I would you got it bro
Daniel buff ass
well we got too long he did you guys are
hungry she's on the boob wolfies upset
known on all the golf cart - please
obsessed with what what's in them all
what's in them all we got oh the fries
yes yep I'm sorry because with him
yeah you've obviously driven with him I
feel like because he was driving with me
he went more crazy blog camera dropped
out of it
hey with d√≥lares like a bright light on
Silvia listen to this oh my in the car
alone well this is this though what I
must admit you do want a golf cart now
yeah I'm gonna get one talking and we
just we decided that you guys would be
like the perfect friends yes you guys
get along so well where was it you
you could you ladies don't wanna know we
was talking about
you don't want to be on camera right now
why you love being on camera
no you just should guys she just woke up
so we're having a conversation and
Sylvia mentioned it a couple times to us
ever since we met them that she's down
to have a kid but for some reason for
some reason look you try to hide it so
let's put him on the spot with some
reason a man walking is um tripping but
not now but but sooner or later just no
no man whoopee don't have a little boy
actually know it I had a girl so if you
don't have a girl you want something you
get the opposite because you wanted a
boy original that's true that's true
so ya want a girl so you can get a boy
exactly how do you want a girl buddy
right so let's test the waters real
quick oh my god okay get my high five
can my fire oh that's what I'm talking
about then hell you want to show them
how you dance huh
let's show them okay you want put music
on okay okay let's move all the goodies
out the way yeah she needs she needs a
dance floor it's our joint right here
get it out good dance off eight hey get
it out get it all right we'll be sorry
oh oh
get your turn turn off my turn off so
you buy to your new auntie say bye Oh
what about Wolfie what about whoopee
whoopee get Wolfie hug bye can't you
come hug oh let's get my hug hug om I
knew you two friends
I love you guys you guys are welcome
anytime you guys are part of the ACE
family oh we're tired she was a blanket
oh you want to put the blanket on you
she knows her about to go to sleep
no no night did you like our new friends
our new YouTube friends
you like Wolfie and Silvia don't know no
not again you're gonna give me six top
is what like relish baby it's time to go
night-night we have to close out the
video okay busy night
oh well no serious no eggs family Wolfie
and Sylvia are really dope people super
nice super nice super humble super real
yeah and all I gotta say is say is you
guys are about to see our thumbnails
improve like I like a whole lot yeah
because just so you guys know Austin and
I like the way that we do our thumbnail
it's so bad like we literally take a
screenshot from our video
it's ratchet and you know edit at all
like we literally don't have photo just
being a good picture and upload it but I
said it and you guys know because I've
seen a lot of comments were you guys are
like hey why is a thumbnail always
blurry that the video is like crispy so
shelter my boy wolfy he's like the king
of thumbnails he put me on thanks bro so
just so you guys know our thumbnails are
about to get nice I just
figure it out so ACA I'm gonna go show
them some love they're a part of the ACE
family so go show them love go subscribe
to their channel will put their link in
a description sorry guys if we've let
you down with our thumbnails but we're
gonna do them better now we just want
them to be much cleaner and and easier
for you guys to just cleaner because I
feel like they're just blurry blurry and
they don't pop out and it just it's just
hard for you to see what's going on so
they're gonna get better as time goes on
so thank you as always to everyone who
tuned in today else trying to take my
earring off as you guys can see before
we close out today's video we do have to
give our post on vacation shout out to
who live in today's posted a vacation
shout out goes to Yvette IV Tia IV TIA
sorry IV Tia and she said I subscribe
and sent a shout out to you girl thank
you so much for having our post on
vacations turned on whoever else like a
polska fication shoutout subscribe today
family turn on our post notifications
and then comment when done if you don't
know how to turn on our post
notifications it is the bail button just
click on it and if you don't know where
to comment you just comment in the
comment section below the video just
comment done it's that easy obviously if
you like this video give it a thumbs up
like comment share and subscribe and
like me and my beautiful family what do
we always say yes baby we say like do
you see my face every time she does is
I'm literally in shock every single time
she tryin to take a snapchat of her look
at her she's trying to take a selfie she
takes snapshots over sup and then send
them to people like on my recently
snapped people look at her look at her
should I take a picture oh by the way
guys follow us on snapchat
so Austin snapchat is the little
basketball emoji and then mine is the
ring emoji it's definitely much easier
than typing our full name so just add
those and you'll just get a bunch of
videos of this beautiful princess right
here right you're all over snapchat
daily lives and just you being you and
mommy being me and like me and my
beautiful family always say we'll be
back with more videos
