hey what's going on everybody so for
those who don't know we did a video
before exposing me and we asked you guys
if you would like for us to expose
Kathryn next and you guys said yes and
you guys agreed so today we will be
exposing so if you guys follow us on
Twitter you noticed that I asked you
guys to ask the juiciest questions and I
took a bunch of questions probably more
than I should have and I'm not sure so
these questions are kind of crazy but if
you give this video a thumbs up right
now I may just ask and by the way guys
by exposed we just mean like asking
questions that we normally wouldn't
answer your question that you don't know
and so no matter what you're getting
some juicy info that you guys don't know
now that I think about it there's this
one question that a lot of people have
been asking me and I wonder if it's in
your list so if it's on here less I'm
just gonna answer just because I feel
like you guys have been asking me for so
long
okay okay and it's something that I
didn't mention like a year ago and y'all
just touch on that later okay that's
fair all right family so if you want me
to ask these juicy questions I suggest
you give this video a thumbs up
are you ready hey you sure you ready
kind of scared to ask these questions
myself I can just I can only imagine
what questions I mean I have responses
to everything
hey Sammy you know hard for me it is to
ask some of these questions or to talk
about certain things I'm sensitive when
it comes to this stuff I rather just not
know but hey but you guys all right you
guys want to know I mean it's only fair
that we put so much out there that you
guys can ask us certain questions and we
can respond to them I don't think we
should get emotional by hearing about
emotional just past right everybody has
a past maybe no our lives are different
nowadays but still get sensitive
alrighty
shall we begin shall we begin what's
good question number one what something
Katherine can not
without a lively mcbroom yeah
I can't go home without my daughter I
mean that's it that's the only thing you
can go day without no no no like wait
I'm not done yet though um although once
again we think about this got hurt
already
cuz like I can't go a day without I mean
I don't want to say Kimberlin thing
without her because we have gone a day
without her right where we were you know
traveling or whatever and she wasn't
with us right so I changed my answer I'm
gonna say I can't go a day without
talking to you and I can't go a day
without my phone so that I can know how
my daughter is when I'm not with her
like I know you ain't clarified your
answer yeah I mean I went to my daughter
every day of my life but when I'm not
with her physically for like an hour or
however long we're not together I need
my phone in order to know she's good
inside my phone on top of me that make
sense I did at any point in time you
ever think about breaking up with Austin
one time what but it wasn't like I
didn't actually think we were gonna
break up but for a minute like for a
second I thought like I don't know he's
gonna work out do you want to know what
do you want to know what it was no but
it was literally just probably one
second did you ever tell an ex that you
loved
why you already knew that of course
I don't like the beer I'm 27 I'm okay
I'm okay yeah I'm gonna have history
like you have this yeah what is your
weird is happening my weirdest habits
and I know this because I've thought
about this too fast I never put my
bottle caps on oh my gosh that is
probably one of them that is my most
annoying thing I always that she does
the cap off because I don't want to put
it back on because I'm gonna drink it
but then I don't drink it and then I
just spilled exactly skills and elves
knocking it down yeah waters everywhere
bad it happens every day
is it bad habit or way to have it where
does happen OCD and he was like you get
a high up I literally she's getting
upset because I do a perfect I don't
know cuz I'm getting older and like no
this is the crazy thing like it was
three hours before we're gonna get in
the bed to go to sleep if you could
change anything in your life what would
it be I could change anything in my life
I think it would be to see my family
wore off yeah cuz my dad lives in Spain
so well it's geographically Africa but
he lives off of an island
they say him in like two weeks they get
me Sam Sam and then my mom lives on the
opposite side of the country in Florida
so I never get to see her either just
you know I mean now I'm done
and the same thing with my brother what
was your first reaction when you found
out you were pregnant with him my first
reaction was holy like she came out
the bathroom and cuz she went a bathroom
by herself and I didn't know I just saw
it just as soon as I'm looking at it I'm
like standing up and like and I was
sitting and her running to us yeah well
sitting in her room as she was in the
bathroom and she came out like I'm
pregnant
he's like no you're not I think my first
initial thought was like this is real
like this is happening we're gonna have
a baby I never for one second thought
that we weren't gonna go through this
person kind of very late a little tricky
what was your honest first impression of
Austin like the first day that I met you
other Arthur's date yeah first like
intervention actually we honor okay
like not that first meeting like not
ones behind by like first meet take out
okay so my first impression of Austin
was he's really nice and I thought that
you were nervous like even through like
our Texas and so when we were texting a
couple of the phones
you seemed like he felt like I was
nervous to tell ya like I feel like you
were just like you weren't being
yourself like they knew that there is
more to you than me how do you react
but I don't know I'm pretty sure that
awesome and I have been together in
different lifetimes next question what
was the worst date that you've ever been
the worst date girls usually do know
like I've never I've never been in a I
mean I don't know what is the one thing
you hate about Austin jeez
so one thing I hate about you hate is a
very strong word this or should we say
this is like okay one thing I dislike
about Austin go ahead speak up okay the
first thing but we've already like
mentioned this book you're just like
yeah we're wearing a dress that's okay
we have new people away today's family
okay so Austin turns the water on and
the shower before he gets in for like at
least five minutes so that's one thing
that annoys me because I get right in
when I turn the shower around even if
it's cold so that's just like the way I
am but you take forever to take a shower
okay I know Austin never wants to change
a diaper like if she poops you don't do
it ray and I'll always hope you change
her diaper as soon as she anything she
does I change her diaper and my baby
drinks a lot of water so she's always
gonna bath right which makes sense
because she's always on the tit majority
time which is on at it she poops and
pees when I know there's been some times
where I notice oh okay doing something
when when I know what you were doing the
time but I wasn't it I must admit there
are some times yeah where is this
everywhere I've changed her diaper
scares no 95 this is exposing Kelly
right exposing your hostage Jesus you
make me sound like a bad guy but this is
one thing annoys me anyways next
question what is your biggest fear I
think my biggest fear is like being out
or something and like looking down and
not seeing her like my heart will
literally just stop so I think I made it
a point to be 100% 110% involved and
like everything elbows so I'm always
around her I'm very hands-on and I think
that because we do what we do we're
really fortunate to have that and I
think that because of that I was very
dependent on me so I think that like you
know even just like these hours and you
know these times that were filling
I think it's good hard to be with other
family members and stuff because she's
become so dependent what is the most
embarrassing thing as ever so you know
when you're like dating someone or when
you're like hanging out with someone and
you like but you'll be texting your
friend and your friends like Oh what are
you doing whatever and so you tell them
like oh I'm doing this but you'll send
them a picture instead of actually
telling them what are you doing
and so when I was younger I don't know
probably was a friend of mine was like
hey what are you doing and instead of
saying oh I'm with so-and-so I took a
picture of them and next question did
you ever stalk a guy that you like I
think I like Oh Kyle and I like early
Mikado's dating a guy that I was dating
and definitely like went to see it so
and so was anyone I never to know with
you because we were we've been together
ever since and thing we met true next
question at what age did you lose your
virginity kind of invasive go ahead you
answer myself I'll answer this I'm gonna
have to go with you don't want to know
this do you I mean it's a question and
it is your past so go ahead
it was have you ever planned to have a
baby
or a family with one of your exes no
interesting question how long did you
think our relationship will last not as
long as it has or that it's going to me
and this is the thing this is the reason
why it's not good to think about where
we met that's not good every single
relationship leading to that point has
always ended and I know the next initial
thought was it's probably not going to
last just because every other time
husband that's so bad and I was at the
point in my life where I was like I
think I'm gonna be single forever and
that's why we you think like that then
you will be single for no no but that's
a sad vibe this happens advice though
women out there men out there when you
meet someone and you guys start talking
your goal and what you should be
thinking is that you guys will be
together forever because when you think
that it's possible but when you think
how she thought how one I obviously
didn't and we are where we are today
maybe you got a lot no no but I really
do think that Austin and I are meant to
be and everything possible so I mean
literally to every single extent we are
meant to be
two more questions no have you ever
smoked no I've never I've never smoked
weed I've never smoked a cigarette oh
you know what I smoked a cigar once yeah
but a cigar I tried it but now I've
never done drugs I've never done
anything why'd you say it like that I've
never done drugs I don't know I mean
isn't me it marked marijuana is drugs no
more no I don't know that's considered a
joke I don't do that stuff my lungs over
up here oh you know let me tell you a
story let me tell you why I'm never
smoked weed because people are probably
okay this is the reason why when I was
say like seven years old or something um
so when I was like seven years old I
never forget this day my dad and I and
my brother we were on our way home and
we lived in Montreal so there's like a
lot of alleys and stuff water litter
minutes until we're walking and I
smelled marijuana and so my initial
thought was that smell is very strong
and I can feel that it's not like
illegal I just I just knew I was really
young when I was understood that and so
I asked her and I was like what is that
what is that called and he told me and
he said this and I'll never forget this
he said that is called marijuana and if
you ever want to try it let me know and
then I'll I'll do it with you but if I
ever hear that you did it without me
I will cut your hand off and so I will
never forget that insane samba and I
just saw I was like I just got it I was
like oh I get it
like if I ever want a child I'll try on
my dad and I never did and I just it
just stuck with me my whole life and I
never thought and I mean there's nothing
negative about it I mean I don't think
that people are bad people because they
do but I just personally have it
great job father-in-law appreciates you
for that now I want a family where we
don't do none of that I appreciate that
last question did you ever think you'd
be where you are today with some no I
never thought I'd be where I am today in
general yeah like not even a year ago I
would think that I would be where I am
today I did however know that eventually
in my life I would be doing something
involving speaking like on camera have
an influence having an influence I
always knew that my entire life but I
never knew how it would come I never
knew and if you would have told me this
just one year ago I wouldn't believe you
mustn't it all the questions that I
asked you you had great response so what
a question that you guys have been
asking me for the longest and I think I
think you guys feel like I'm hiding it
or something but I'm not hiding it at
all it's just something that we brought
up like so nonchalantly like last year
naturally so yeah yeah like so we
brought this up like a year ago and I
didn't give a response to it so I
brought it up and I didn't actually say
what it was and so it's almost like you
guys thought that I was like ignoring
the eight
but I didn't say what it was because I
mean I don't know if it was like
accidentally editor out of the video or
something I know members so you guys
have been asking me what is my real
first name though instead of hell people
asking that but I was like we've said
that before me yeah no but I've never
actually said it and I feel like they
think that I've been hiding you which is
so weird but I think it's my fault for
not like addressing it from that first
video so basically I've said this before
when I was born my dad um my name is
Katherine I've been called Katherine my
entire life so you know since I was out
there my name is Mary but on my birth
certificate my middle name is actually
Katherine and my first name is actually
Dolores the Dolores came from a woman
that helped my mama when she was around
17 18 years old and she took her in
because her mom had just passed away and
they were going through a lot so when my
mom found out she was having me my dad
was like oh let's name her after you and
so shut up the UD but yeah that's my
real first name on my birth certificate
but my name is Katherine and so I just
wanted to let you guys know that because
I know I'm a secret wondering it's not
that serious
yeah but Dolores I mean it's a very old
name it's an older name no it is - no
offense to someone out there yes the
Lord is so funny because like it makes
me who I am like when I think about it
and I look at my credit cards and when I
look at my enemies and stuff I see the
Lord every when I see that I was me look
at me you want finance the lower sweep
you know what's funny is I actually
didn't know that was my first name until
I was like 10 years old my dad told me
and I was like good and then later on
when I started going to like high school
and you know this the whole like
education program you see like people
calling you by your actual name
because it's on your birth certificate
and I think those are all the questions
that you guys wanted us to answer like I
said give it a thumbs up if you really
enjoyed this video I think we should do
L next exposing it down it sounds so bad
at the work it does be funny
love the camera guys they can already
tell
so if you guys enjoy these type of
videos give it a thumbs up and we'll
know by the amount comes up if you like
them will expose ill next and as you all
know the countdown is still going on we
have six days until our music video
drops along with our song if you're new
to our channel and though we are not
singers we offer fun then ever fun if
you guys want to watch that video go
ahead and we posted it couple videos
back but we did a song you know so last
minute it was for fun I used to sing
back in the day but not anymore and I'm
just doing it for fun and I don't can't
sing I mean okay you're good just by the
way you say you're up hey let you know
that I'm terrible but the song yeah we
think you guys will enjoy it because
it's catchy and I think we did decent
job for us not doing it and for everyone
saying that I'm on attune obviously and
I mean it isn't much but I will say that
I can sing so I mean it's not just a
magical voice appearing and I mean it's
me it's not the best end of the day this
is the first one we've ever made so why
would he want to judge no I'm just
scaling people that's auto-tune I mean
like hello I'm not beyond saying so guys
just just just accept it just accept
aside if you don't like the song don't
watch something on your videos on here
is that candy so before we close out
this video we do it to give our post on
vacations shut up to know better
actually wait I have a person you do
okay you you want to do you want to do
one and I do one okay let's do two today
okay so today's posted on vacation shout
out from me goes through
Riley Conway so shout out to you you
also wrote an essay well beautiful
comment and I loved it and that's why I
took a screenshot I made sure that I
would give you a shout out
okay well for my shut up person this
person tweeted me commented on my
Instagram commented on YouTube video Wow
liked everything okay he is a huge
supporter waters okay
and his name is Raphael Liang Liang
shout out to my man Raphael young man
and he said you know what all I do is
for you guys I love you so much can I
please get a shout out
Wow I appreciate you yeah thank you to
both of our shadow people today thank
you so much for turning on our pulse on
vacations whoever else would like to
post on vacations shout out and
subscribe to days family be a part of
our family join the fans turn on our
pulse on vacations and what you do that
just comment when done by me and my
beautiful Dolores Queen oh my god not
everyone's gonna start calling me that
no guys no I know you guys I know what
you guys do I know your actions before
you do them yeah they're part of the
family so we don't Dolores and if you
want to know how it's spelt because I
know you guys are gonna be trying to
spell it out it's a damn o lor
e as dollars and like me and my
beautiful Queen always say back for more
videos peace
