Wow
the ace family congratulations for
surpassing 1 million subscribers oh hell
naw they're just a little bit late but
hey so thought that counts Thank You
YouTube thank you you too nice we might
be the only ones three million skinny
wow this is really nice
I think we're missing a few too because
I think they give it out at two hundred
thousand five hundred thousand a million
really thank you two million so we're
missin some this is the first one we got
guys yeah it is but thank you you two
for finally sending this we do thank you
damn look at that right
as you guys can see we are wearing our
matching sweaters - shouts of - go check
them out if you guys don't know what -
is H Y PLA and d hype Lim
check them out IG his new launch is
about to be crazy so bro
focused on what's going on - my team
like I always do
so we have a bunch of run around to do
we're obviously gonna take you guys with
us we're gonna go eat at a place where
we had our second date the place where
we actually actually do it I'm gonna
wait till we get there to tell you guys
a little story about girls playing all
right continue watching cuz we have a
funny story we do but yeah who cares
know what story you don't know
I guess whoa whoa wait oh yeah
that's a crazy story
all right and then after we eat I'm
going to take Catherine somewhere and
show her what I want for my Christmas
Christmas my only Christmas like five
months away it's only a few months away
honey okay true and this is the only
thing I want for Christmas to only think
this one thing you guys probably know
what it is you guys already know it is
so after we eat we're gonna go check it
out and hopefully I get it for Christmas
so al isn't here today because last
night I threw a birthday surprise for my
friend
and so her grandmother picked her up and
so she spent the entire day with her
today she went to the ice cream museum
she's over glass having a blast we
figured that she shouldn't stay with her
for the rest of the day
go run some errands do some things
because it's Friday you know how Friday
is you got to get everything done yeah
so we're gonna do that and we'll take
you guys yeah and after I show you guys
what I want for Christmas we're about to
go pick up I'll see you guys will CL -
you ready get today started
hey family seven more days marking down
your calendars right now September 30th
we chopped in that song with the music
video
alright Hayes family we are now here
ride took Catherine on her second day
actually she took me I didn't hear ya
you guys ready to say probably came here
like 10 times on to their birthday I
know it's one of our favorite spots
go check it out
so it's been a while since we've eaten
here but this what we would do we would
order food and we would come right
around the corner to this press Juicery
spot Catherine is obsessed with these
juices and she got me to like the tools
yeah just like anything fruity Cap'n's
more healthy so this is this what citrus
to me
citrus - is not bad
Oh what is that
I don't anyone try it I'm scared I'm
scared stuff like this just I don't like
anything healthy oh what'd you get me
better
oh wow do we tell
guys we are sitting at the table
yes this cane will always be remember
special to our hearts maybe no one's
sitting around us right now it's so
funny it is because the night that we've
had people yeah
so the nightmare side of this table was
the night that awesome the knife found
out right so they were sitting at this
table and all my brother's birthday I'm
not good enough I had been saying that
for a couple days
like let's go to CBS and we were like
literally just down the street again so
you can actually kind c CB CB s around
gear
and then we were alike all right girls
like 30 minutes later we found out we're
having yes guys this table right here is
like memorable this is like I was
sitting and oh my gosh the boots here
delicious delicious Oh meatloaf that's
uh that's my queen that looks mighty
delicious and mine is absolutely
beautiful
what why do you always do that
it looks delicious but you never know so
go chasers yeah you want em first
you were launched I was solo hungry ass
you look like his damn good it's hard
alright guys for whoever has been asking
about this lately if you're new to our
channel it's not a hickey it's a
birthmark
you upset summer yeah I've seen common
people's like Oh what is that
and everyone responds and they're like
oh it's awesome
birthmark I think he's been sucking them
on that thing so
god damn whenever that Sun hits you
right I said I was absolutely and
oh my god that's when I hit you just
right you beautiful double something
when the Sun hits you this like God that
all right you didn't get a ticket
thank you God so now we are on our way
to show my baby what I want for
Christmas it's the only thing I want
this is it
it's all I want this is all I've ever
wanted all right a family we just got
here if you think you know what it is
comment below
damn hey you mom
we just trying to be nice maybe it's a
low pitch I mean I'd be an extra night
so I want something in that exile
I'm antenna saddle okay y'all ready to
see let's go inside
are y'all ready to see it here it is but
you want to tell them a family we just
found out that it's sold we waited too
long we waited too long we came like
well we're still waiting for Christmas
anyways weeks ago just take a look at
some cars because obviously for those
people who know me you know this is my
dream car and the time we came to see it
it was available and so it hurts my
heart because this is a color that I
actually really like and there's only 25
of these rims made in the world yeah so
this is a really unique car but just so
you guys know this is the type of car
that I want for Christmas it does have
to be this car because it's already sold
a bit you want a DMC kit that's what you
want I want that DMC kit I want a nice
color like something different that pops
and stands out the transformer but this
is my dream car and I want it for
Christmas
you need to see me driving it like you
know me just walking up right like oh no
what about for you wanna take you on
dates in this yeah right you want to
meet you want to be in this too right
yeah it's just sad cuz I can't fit in
there
it's okay that's why the Jeep is for her
Patty's for her but no this is a
beautiful car and it's gone we got these
over here we got the Huracan I like the
white not really into the black I like
those fancy colors as you can see we got
the Gallardo I think that's a good
Gallardo but I really like the
Aventadors what do you think baby
Aventadors right ace family this color
is also very nice it's like a charcoal
black or charcoal gray sorry I swear the
inside is like a spaceship she's crazy
this color is very interesting
all right hey Sammy so we talked to my
guy inside works here and he's gonna
keep an eye out for us something comes
along he'll let us know and if we like
it my baby's gonna get it for me but
good oh but this was the one I wanted
and it's gone and it's gone I'm gonna
miss you I'm gonna miss you
nice Katherine isn't really into these
luxury cars like I am but she really
actually liked the one that I like we're
just surprising everybody like a
transformer it does so you ready I'll
pick up our baby now let's go pick up
our baby 35 minutes away from my baby
all right guys so Katherine and I just
got home and Ella's not here yet so she
should be here any minute and you know
we're gonna give her a reaction when she
walks to that door
she they're gonna be upset but she's
gonna be really happy I'm hoping she's
really happy about to find out where our
guys I just rang them in they should be
coming any second here we go
what the she sleep
my baby sleepy oh my god
tape in your home your home tape in your
home what about that that's now right
it's okay I know when you get older your
love daddy more than mommy miss are you
looking like you had a long day
Oh get it get it get it get get it get
it get your toothbrush baby we gotta
brush my teeth we're gonna night-night
good job where's daddy's what about
daddy
your daddy's right there good god
rational okay okay see how you're doing
it let me see
dad perfect like this good job get the
front teeth because you got teeth in the
front yeah good job
I'm proud of you what wait oh you you so
smart you so smart you want to paste you
saw some water but that's not that's not
your to pavement where you have your own
you have baby toupees how you know okay
okay how you know about this one you
might I'm gonna put Ted I'm just gonna
put barely any on there okay just barely
any okay it's that good
let me see there you go that's it that's
it tad bit it won't hurt you yeah what
I'm gonna open you want to do it oh my
god you want to do it here don't make a
mess please
I freaking love here's what one y'all
baby does this you like to just taste it
oh yeah you don't look that's feet yeah
nasty nasty okay okay
bring our brush your teeth brush your
teeth with it don't taste it brush it a
go good job good job good job you done
well you only got like three teeth huh
she said oh well oh well oh yeah what's
that what's next you turn to your
nightly routine yeah you getting tall
girl you doing your nightly routine I
see what's that for
except for the blemishes this is that
rose face mask here you go here you go
it hydrates it tones your face honey you
want to put that on yeah you don't need
that's not for you right okay that's not
for you okay thank you
what else do you need before you go to
sleep what else what else do you want
you know that's makeup that's a brush
you don't want dad you don't like the
music yeah okay here give it Evan
get-get it move it get a better skin get
it get it ready hey watch this you all
watch my turn it off
what what happened what why you give you
that look you want to play it again
okay your obsessive music bro let me
talk today's family all right family is
getting late it's time for bed bed to go
night-night I know you want to keep this
movie yeah we gotta go we gotta go
night-night
hey babe okay when after I turn the
camera off we'll call it we'll go play
music in the bed okay yeah okay thank
you can I close the video out okay let's
close it out so big say thank you to
everyone who watched say thank you guys
for watching it to the end say thank you
say thank you before we close off this
video we do have to give our post on
vacation shout out to who pee oh you
know okay I know our post on vacation
shout out goes to Robert Davis shout out
to you bro thank you so much for having
our pulp stone in case you turn on
whoever else would like the post of the
case you shout out you guys should
already know to do subscribe to the
eighth family turn on our postal
implications and then comment when done
if you don't know how to turn on our
pulse notification it should be the Bell
button on our channel what's wrong you
should keep something me to play music
when we play hold on let me finish close
enough and obviously if you liked this
video give a thumbs up like comment
share what this is mommy your daddy saw
yeah no we can't let them hear it just
yet oh no we can't let them hear yet
okay
my beautiful princess always say what do
we say baby more videos good job peace
