someone told me never saw
don't exist in my life these days hey
guys what's going on everybody who want
to first start out by saying how much we
appreciate all of our supporters all of
our ace family members by just leaving
it you guys already know how positive we
are as a family and by all of our family
members to be able to be just as
positive we are helps us that much more
so obviously as you guys know there's a
lot of things going on in the world
right now as there always is but we
specifically don't want to talk about
certain things on our channel just
because we want to be positive and we
don't want to like to break that
negativity to you guys but with that
said we do want to mention we are
praying for everyone in Houston and
everyone who currently in Florida my mom
my family lives in Florida and they're
currently going through a lot it's crazy
because the day that Ryan and I decided
for him to stay was the day that we
found out about Florida and it's just so
crazy how life works you know he's out
here safe with us but captain's mom is
out there and she's kind of going
through it not sure what she should do
felice she's safe hopefully that
hurricane doesn't hit her area but at
the same time you know it's like you
never know what's gonna happen and so
we're just praying for everyone in
Florida
I hope you guys all stay safe we've
personally done our best to contribute
to Houston but we hope that you guys do
the same I can't express how much we
feel for those people in need I can't
imagine like not having her homework
just going through that I can't imagine
what you guys are going through we're
very fortunate to be in a situation that
we're in right now yeah extremely
fortunate and like it's just crazy to me
that like that happened to Houston and
that's happening to Florida currently
this is something that's going through
right now and it's it just so happens
that my family and the only family that
I have here in the States
are in Houston and are in Florida so I
mean this whole situation this whole
topic is very touching touching and
emotional for me and so I just wanted to
make sure that we did share that with
you guys
on camera today so just know his family
if there's anything you guys can do to
help you would have been small just know
that that can go a long way just know
something little can go a long ways it
can make a huge difference so with all
of that being said we're going to try
our best to stay positive
that's not leading yet to continue to
put a smile on all of your faces and
hopefully be able to make a change in
the world so are you guys ready to
continue with today's video let's get it
poppin bro great he interviewed
introduce yourself my name is Ryan I'm
25 years old
for those of you who may not know on
Catherine's brother I currently live in
Florida and I'm part of the family but
also go know would you like to explain
them your rare eye condition so I was
diagnosed with to this rare eye
condition and eventually sub- called
keratoconus so for those of you who
don't know Katherine Austin they
surprised me with the life-changing eye
surgery about two months ago and if you
haven't watched it please watch it's
very inspiring for those who've watched
the video you've been asking for an
update of my eyes I've been doing great
since then um definitely huge
improvement of my life I can see much
clearer however since it was really bad
the I wish was really bad they told me I
need to get these special eye contacts
to further improve my vision so that's
why I came to LA and they fitted me with
these special 7,000 art contacts I wrap
around the Hawaii and that they told me
that that's really going to be chilly
that game-changer for myself I also want
to take this time to thank Catherine
Austin the ACE family Brian Walker for
supporting me in this journey the entire
process has been truly inspiring to me
and all you guys are helping me become a
person who I knew I could be we're
currently on our way to purchase
something that I've been wanting to
purchase for a while now and I can
promise you guys that you will never
guess what it is if you think you know
comment below they'll never be able to
guess hey you never know comment below
what you guys think we're about to
purchase so you ready to purchase one of
these I don't know why won't one so bad
but like you said it's it's just out of
a dream and like you give one you can
just do whatever you want with it
anything it's just cool like once we get
one I'm gonna pick one of my ace that
members up with it so I wonder what it
is we're about to purchase a golf car
people yes a golf car so crazy because
now by getting a golf cart I'll be able
to make moves swiftly swiftly we could
be able to get to a to B without having
to get in my car I can just go to get
Jamba Juice real quick go to get food
take my babies with me I got enough
we'll pick up a family members members
and just do whatever I want
I've always wanted a golf cart the fact
that I'm able to get it's such a
blessing by the way Kevin doesn't know
we're actually getting it she does
things to look I'm gonna look at one so
I'm not sure I'm not sure how she's
gonna feel like
so I'm not sure how she's gonna feel
about it but hey she's gonna enjoy it
when I'm taking her down the street to
get it Jon McKamey gonna play taking her
to get some live See's candy it's a
little TLC you know I mean you're not
gonna complain and then so let's see how
this goes we're currently taking one out
to test-drive real quick to see if this
is the one we want
I need a handshake bro you're part of a
family now thank you
and whoa shit we're out of here walking
away with the golf cart so he's been a
dream of mine wait so they really just
buy a gun we really just buy a golf cart
give me that camera back our bro now I
gotta figure out how we're gonna get
home what do you mean where's Katherine
what do you mean no nice already my home
we're like 15 miles away from that well
we're gonna write this Ollie home yeah
dude it's gonna take five hours how
about the battery won't take that long
say like 30 minutes this probably has a
20% battery charge dude
hey let's risk
they see me rollin they hatin
there's my baby there's my baby there's
my baby
all right so now what do we do know I
think is that one good all right wait
you have to reverse reverse scuse me I
just bought a new golf cart
just do it for Kanye's family so it's
been about 20 minutes and we're still
not home we still got some ways to go
hopefully this charge lasts us always we
get home what am I gonna live in kind of
parched mouth drive getting kind of
thirsty nappy I may have to make a pit
stop
oh we're going we're going we're going
people looking at it's crazy but hey
Satch stop the driving force bro
here we go there goes my twin brother
corker gonna make a slight detour twin
brother my man
we had the foreign cars in our parking
lot over Hey Starbucks drive-through
we're next in line
sweet
oh hello make it too tall macchiatos on
ice with almond milk mottos there like a
caramel macchiato
yeah the coconut milk a monkey on a
caramel macchiato yeah pivot I hope
that's right yeah let me also get a
strawberry refresher and let me also get
one of your banana nut bread the tiny
kid just riding dirty well it's going on
my leg
and he would give us a lock - thank you
got the cupholders look look look a
couple guys I have dude
I tell on my hoes break it up break it
down bang it up fuck it up a little
hey family quick update we're almost
home so we're trying to take his new
chokers as you can see on say they keep
it that we need to get in the garage the
key thank you mama come on throw it mama
oh good throw good throw so hopefully
there's room for a new ace family member
oh my gosh I was a mission to heaven
look at all the feathers and leaves my
shoes got messed up oh my it was all
worth it though it was worth
you see I'll let where we can charge it
right there Oh backing it up perfect
perfect right give it a little charge
clunk charge ready to go all right patty
I'll let you charge up yes there is
patty you'll need it love you see you
later bye dear we made it come here I
wish you're with us on the ride hey
family you guys have to welcome our new
member to the family what's her name her
name she lives like a fatty she looks
like a patty and as the first thing
became with patty hi Pat we have patty
and Jeep see Jeep sees name is Shelby
she's getting charged at the moment
we're gonna pie take her out later
tonight throw them all but I do want to
say one thing though whenever we drive
it everyone stares it'll do you like our
new a phone number patty you like her
yeah so you know what I'm thinking guys
I'm thinking that we should definitely
pick up an ace family member in that
golf cart should it be the next
shout-out we should be no we should
challenge
we should definitely a family I think
we're gonna also get it like customized
like pick my ride almost we're gonna
make it all red rims red everything just
read it I'll move it a little bit put us
some put some shop on it we the shocks
though because yeah some spring purpose
well we're trying to figure out a fair
way to pick out a winner to give a ride
in our new patty mobile
idea good idea yeah so this is how this
is the most fair way to pick up
personnel
number one the person has to live in the
area anyways because we can't drive okay
so how about if an ace family member
approaches us while we're in the golf
cart and they've seen this video and
they know that at this very moment and
they have to say the name of the golf
cart they have to stick patty okay okay
and then they'll get arrival okay you
guys you guys heard the rules so if you
see us out and you call our new a family
member by the name which is Patty you
will get a ride so be on the lookout
guys you don't understand how long I've
wanted a golf cart I've been talking to
Kathryn about it for forever I rather a
golf car than a motorcycle it's a good
point yeah but he's doing the worse I
know I'll probably will get a motorcycle
anymore
really Sheila told me you get a golf
cart or nothing but the doctor said
Katherine's the boss about Archers my
queen is I think together on the
motorcycle next to each other
maybe one day bro but Kathryn said you
either get a golf cart or nothing so I
say you know I get the cop car all I
gotta say we're gonna use it so much I'm
so lazy when it comes to like hopping in
the car putting my seatbelt on like
doing all this extra you have your
Segway yeah
like right when you would get off from
the bed you put your fiance exactly so
now we have a golf cart it's hopping a
golf cart in zoo zoo right over to
grocery store fast food places now the
patty is gonna be used all up we're
gonna use the hell out of penny a family
if you're welcoming patty to the family
please give this video a thumbs up I
gotta give it a thumbs up and obviously
before we close out this video we do
have to give our poll certification
shout out to who bit his notification
shoutout goes to me live we live vlogs
he came up to me in the mall and he had
his blown camera he's like bro I vlog
too and I was like I respect you bro
I'll respect it and he was just
explaining to us how much he appreciates
Kathryn and I for sharing our lives and
how much of influence and how positive
we are so shout to you bro thank you so
much - look enough
I didn't get to meet you so shout to you
bro thank you so much for being a part
of the ACE family and thank you so much
for having our pulse indications turn on
shout to you whoever else would like a
pulse impatient shoutout obviously
subscribe to the ACE family turn on our
pulse notifications and then comment
when done and guys Patti loves you
already so I gotta say I wish we can
bring Patti in the room so she can close
out the video with us she's not there
starting them but she's downstairs
charge feet so like me and my beautiful
family always say let me back on my
nails l say peace good job you guys
ballet golf cards right seriously
don't crash Patti now that's Patti
that's my baby
wait Patti's getting VIP please tell me
Patti's getting VIP oh hell yeah oh hell
yeah Patti's getting VIP oh I love you
guys
Oh Patti deserves the best thank you so
much baby
Patti's getting VIP they did he moved it
for Patti oh hell yeah
Oh Patti's getting treated like a queen
I love it thanks my man
