someone told me never saw
please don't exist in my life these days
but you showed me if I
just find the fit I need to believe
anything is possible if you wanna pass
look this guy high-test your limit
you feeling incredible most there I can
see I'm sorry
she knows good job l know really good
job good job
okay now that you did that
close it up we're gonna color
has she done this before she's a really
good at it thank you do you want to
finish lining it because you didn't
finish just a little bit do the whole
thing
so do it do it here and then here - okay
she's gone - you ready to move on a spot
challenge okay here we go
drop pop it like it ate drop pop it like
it eight hands in your pocket hands in
your pocket hands in your pocket hey
excuse me
hands in your pocket do anything apart
okay
okay now wiggle that hair wiggle that
hair wiggle that hair with all that hair
jump in the air jump in the air jump in
the air jump in the air
well Mamadou move on spot challenge ah
okay so for those of you who do not know
what move on the spot challenges I'll
just give you a little example roll the
clip pop lucky drop it eight give me a
spin give me a spin shake that can shake
that Ken look at your art look at your
art guys if you don't know about the
move on the spot challenge Ryan I just
met that challenge yesterday it's
literally called move on the spot
wherever you are in public in your room
taking a shit in the backyard whatever
you're doing you need a partner and
they're gonna tell you what to do and
you gotta act on the spot with you learn
demonstration okay
a pop lock and drop it
a pop lock it drop it a give me a push
up give me a push up torque that but
torque that but twerk that but wiggle
them toes wiggle them toes girls ready
all right so you guys gotta do the same
thing that Daddy says all right
here we go move on the spot drop pop it
like it a drop pop it like it aid spin
around spin around spin around Oh
put your hands in the air put your hands
in the air put your hands in the air
scream and shout scream and shout scream
and shop you wanna do more
yeah Ali this move on a spa challenge
your thing huh okay you ready
yeah I gotta breathe okay yeah I'm gonna
go me gather myself all right ready
here we go here we go here we go drop
pop it like a drop pop it like it eight
feet in the air be in the air be in the
air be in the air tongue out tongue out
tongue out tongue out jump shake pop
jump shake all right no more no more
okay no more huh you wanna do it again
bad bad bad bad I think oh I just hurt
my knee
ah baby I just hurt my knee Wow
ah dad I just heard his me dead I hurt
his knee but I can't I can't talk
anymore
I can't do it anymore hey cool clothes
guys she's about to start saying it and
I can't wait by the way guys you haven't
noticed L is wearing her favorite word
in the world in the world what is it L
know
l shall day some of your shirt don't so
if you're new to our channel makes you
hit that subscribe button and join the
family if you didn't get a chance to see
our last video there was a lot going on
l and puppies and even my best friend
got the craziest tattoo I've ever seen
he got rat gang had it on his shoulder
he got that so I'm gonna steal the
footage and show the ace family because
that might be the craziest tattoo I've
ever seen well it's a tattoo because you
didn't think you'd actually talk to him
exactly so if you didn't get a chance to
see L and my brother's dog he's the
cutest dog I think it's called a
Frenchie I swear she's the cutest it was
confusing to know how she really felt
about the dog though yeah she's so young
she doesn't really understand just yet I
think for us we like realize that we
definitely have to wait so we're
probably in a wait a couple years and so
we have the second one and then probably
get one later and now I'm going to show
you guys what Trey got tatted on his arm
he's crazy
I like that start having you total
eclipse do that again yeah
flex
I'll just pull your checking only Jotham
Octavia getting activity to the - runs
got rocky - oh yeah right over here
there you go see you this thing check yo
a judge again he doesn't believe this
guy ya ever do it mean also trying to do
it for you know I guess I'm the ready
for the right game is okay whatever it
is yes a family he really got that
tatted and the fact that he and my
brother do does even crazier but my
brother is a tattoo artist so it's not
crazy and for those of you who do not
know where rat gang stands for it stands
for Ryan Austin Trey so he pretty much
got my name tattooed look sad so yeah
there was a lot going on yesterday but
you just gonna keep bringing that stuff
okay bring it to us after we're done
okay thank you I love you and today is
going to be a very interesting day no
today is going to be a life-changing
true very light uniform ele actually for
you too so what that means is I am going
to end my breastfeeding journey today so
I know a lot of you guys have different
and very personal
breastfeeding journeys mine in
particular has been very interesting
because when I went into motherhood and
I started breastfeeding I was only
planning in my head to breastfeed for
like three to six months literally and
when I first first had out when she was
born she wasn't latching correctly so
for like a couple of days I couldn't
breastfeed and I was getting like really
stressed out I was crying you know I was
hurting and in pain and everything and
so we ended up giving her formula milks
just because I wasn't producing it as
quickly as I thought I was going to or I
didn't know I was producing milk so we
gave her formula and she kept throwing
up formula just doesn't sit well with
her stomach neither does dairy and like
different other things she's like either
she's allergic or intolerant to some of
those things and so I just kept
breastfeeding and breastfeeding and
breastfeeding and then I got to a point
where I was breastfeeding her to go to
sleep so every night she would go to
sleep with milk literally and it's
totally my fault
obviously she got really really used to
it and there wasn't any other way to go
to sleep and so personally like I was
just at that point where I was like I
rather her just have milk for a couple
minutes and just fall asleep and cry for
hours and hours and obviously since I
was giving her milk throughout the day
and stuff like I don't want to like take
it away from her for the biggest biggest
reason that I breastfed her was because
it's like the best nutritional thing you
can do for your
for the first two to three years and so
that was what I was going to do my body
was producing milk for my baby so
obviously I would give her her milk and
so now two years later it's gonna be two
in three months I'm totally just like
starting to be done with it because now
that I'm pregnant
it can be a little dangerous for my body
and for the baby in stock and now that
she has all her nutrients and she eats
very well every day it's not really
necessary for her to continue
breastfeeding so personally I think that
it's time for me to end this
breastfeeding journey with oh and by
doing that we decided together that L
should spend the weekend with her
grandparents yeah she would stay with
them and do really well without the milk
and then she would come home and it
would be a different stories obviously
we're gonna be substituting a milk for
her but just not anymore breast milk and
I think that it's time she'll be two
years old soon so yeah so her
grandparents will be picking her up in a
few hours and we will be seeing her in a
day or two should be very interesting
it's not gonna be as hard as I
anticipated just because I have been
weaning her off so she doesn't drink as
much milk but it's definitely gonna be a
difficult time for a couple of days I
think she's gonna be crying I think
because she's so used to it I think you
should just put black tape on them hulls
just plop them on there Oh mom we have
to get cabbage today so just do whatever
you can and then whenever she's around a
Maglite poof a key L you don't want that
just mini like scare away like
no one elbow she'll rip that tape off
quick I'm gonna be like Noel no human
nor no my melon with the tape of L is so
smart and so stubborn that it's the
worst combination to ever have so a
family I'm gonna need all of you guys to
wish us the best of luck we can do it
this is very necessary the weather so
bad huh she knows she knows he has to
leave Iran you think she's a bigger bag
she's leaving us
you're gonna be good right yeah
yours yours yeah we know yeah yours okay
up again okay come on all right before
you leave I need a besito
give me besito casita like my mama no
mom besito capacitor I was so sad she's
like no grandma you're going with us be
careful well well okay baby me also sad
I love you
well you look like that guess what I'm
about to do Turner
oh you're really sad so bill what guys
we set our goodbyes so we're gonna go
ahead and close out our video right here
thank you all for tuning in as always
before we close out our video we do have
to give our poll someone who teaches
shut up
so today's post our vacation shout-out
goes to Simon Orosco a shout you Simon
what's good bro whoever else like a
Polson invocation shoutout all you gotta
do is subscribe today he's family hit
that subscribe button turn on our post
notifications hit that Bell button and
once you do those two things just come
in done and obviously if you liked
today's video you've got to give it a
thumbs up give it a thumbs up for
wishing us good luck with this
breastfeeding stopping remind me to pick
a cabbage cabbage and black tape no
we're not putting black so like comment
share and subscribe and like me and my
beautiful pregnant Queen always say
we'll be back with more videos peace
