hey a spam let what's going on everybody
so I'm currently in Elle's room if you
guys haven't noticed and Katherine has
no idea what's going on
it is currently 318 though where do I
begin
all I gotta say is I am beyond excited
for what's about to happen so about a
year ago and I remember this like it was
yesterday
Katherine showed me a wedding ring that
she was obsessed with Katherine was into
well still is into looking at these
popular wedding rings on this IG page I
think it's called forever
diamonds New York or something like that
and I remember this particular ring that
she showed me that she was obsessed with
and be completely honest with you there
was no way that I was gonna be able to
afford it at that moment and of course I
knew that I could have got Katherine any
type of ring it could have been a five
dollar ring and she would have been just
as happy but my queen deserves more than
just a five dollar ring and so what I
did was I saved that exact ring that she
was obsessed with I hid it in the trash
folder so she could never find it but I
told myself one day I'm gonna be able to
get that ring for her and in my head I'm
thinking just hold on a little longer
baby just hold on
I got you I got you and here we are
today a year later and sorry guys
sorry guys I'm emotional but in a good
way I promise and you guys don't
understand like I would have married
this woman the day that I met her but I
know what she deserves in I want to be
able to give that to her and for me I've
always wanted to be able to give her
what she deserves and I also wanted my
princess to be a part of this special
moment as well and it's crazy cuz it's
is finally here sorry guys I just love
this woman to death art Austin that's
enough cry
I don't think you guys understand I'm
gonna be marrying the girl of my dreams
I'm going to marry her in the way that I
do in my dreams it's funny because a lot
of people always ask Austin when are you
marrying her people ask just about every
day and I can't blame them for it
because we should already be married and
I think it doesn't bother us because it
already feels like we're married it felt
like we were married from day one and
what I love about Katherine is she's
never ever put pressure on me to propose
even though I know she wants me to a
family the day is here and the fact that
I get to be able to share this special
moment with all of you blessings on top
of blessings so this is what's about to
go down so pretty much I've been working
on this for a few months now and I
reached out to the company who made that
exact ring that she was obsessed with
and they were able to make something
similar but better and I promise you if
you keep watching this video you're
going to see it so the plan is to go to
New York and pick it up today you guys
do not understand how excited I actually
have to get going soon cuz my plane
leaves in about two hours and you guys
don't understand how hard it's been to
keep this from work of course she knows
I'm leaving even though I'm only giving
you gone for 24 hours but she doesn't
know what I'm leaving for I told her
this chill I have a surprise coming for
your birthday it's crazy because she
always says that she's never had a
birthday that she remembers she never
does anything for her birthdays I'm
always asking her like you want to do
this you want to go there and she's
always like no like I'm okay like I
don't need anything so the plan is to
make this year's birthday something
special one that she'll remember forever
for those who haven't put two and two
together yes I will be proposing to her
on her birthday August 24 so a family
are you guys ready to come with me on my
trip and see what wedding ring I got for
my queen and all I got to say is make
sure y'all watch all the way to the end
I haven't been able to sleep for the
past several nights and obviously there
was no way I was gonna be able to sleep
tonight
you ever
okay
hey bro we made it
our ace family our manager Alan and I
finally made it to New York
what up Riley so right now we were on
our way to pick up Catherine's dream
ring actually better than her dream ring
the funny thing is I've only seen a
virtual mock-up of the ring but Alan has
seen the final version of the ring and
he's not trying to show me because he
wants to surprise me and let me see it
in person but he's already seen it so I
can only imagine what he's thinking
right now to keep it a secret so how do
you think it looks I think I have never
seen a ring like this in my entire life
never it's like we're in a house on a
finger the word Manhattan like what she
sees this ring she's either gonna faint
or pass out or she's gonna think it's
fake because that's just what's gonna
happen a bit nice family like this video
if you're just as excited as I am to see
this ring alright guys we were walking
up to the spot right now
I'm not gonna like I'm nervous at the
same time excited because I'm hoping
this ring meets my expectations
alright guys are walking up there we are
all right ain't family we're here we're
finally here it's so crazy this is
really happy
digging up Catherine's dream
like this is a dream come true
and I'm here the place
shall we go inside see
ah Ray's family I am now here at the
jeweler's shop and I have to introduce
you to the magician who made this lovely
masterpiece for Catherine y'all ready to
see if our ace family here is the
magician and sell had the pleasure of
being in Austin over the Internet I was
asked to make the Kathleen the most
beautiful and I could design was very
very intricate I had a very short amount
of time to create the rainbow
and dedicated a full team to create the
most beautiful ring I could the ring
actually has so many hidden features
just came out so I see all these
beautiful wedding rings
but where's mine I can't show them to
yet man turn around all right
this is beautiful
Wow and you created this yes can I touch
it yes I can just pick it up oh my gosh
oh my gosh I put a lot pinky
this is beyond beautiful like this is
way better than I imagined Wow
just just zoom in on that real quick Wow
oh my god give you a hug man give you a
hug thank you so much Mike thank you so
much give me a hug baby hug everybody
everybody gets a hug
you guys made my dream come true as well
as Catholics ringing I can't thank you
guys enough this is amazing wow I'm
speechless really speechless right now
ace family what do you guys think from
the forever diamonds family to your
family
Wow and I get the red box with the light
Wow amazing just amazing New York City
alright y'all we just made to our hotel
we made it hey that's dough
we got fishies up there
and this hotel isn't cheap
la New Yorker the only two places I
would live
I can see Catherine I live in here I
Love New York I Love New York even more
the W Hotel it doesn't hook this up we
on the 51st floor with a nice view 51st
floor I swear this hotel like a club
it's dark wherever you go I'm feeling
the vibes don't fill in the vibe hey we
got the view wait where'd the beds wait
don't wait wait wait wait hold on oh
this is sick
this is sick this is sick
damn this is sick New York I love you
feel like I'm living in a house right
now
damn this is such a blessing man oh no
they did it
no they did it elet hey guys a gift damn
look these doors are good too
oh my god this trip couldn't get any
better the best day of my life
wait should we own them to get now yeah
but like it's Christmas I don't even
care if it's like I care in here I'll be
hat all righty I'll we do the cards last
yo did you did you tell me give you this
nah man what is it how'd they know
what's this with kid this is what else
New York W Hotel lik what is this
okay detox Rita Ora Petri okay okay he
was a towel what is this champagne bears
I love this place all I gotta say they
must know I'm about to propose yo this
is sick
I wish my girls are with me baby just
know all this is for you
hey family I'm gonna loss for words
right now like I have Catherine's
wedding ring in my hand no words can
ever express how much I love this woman
like I flew all the way out here in New
York to get her dream ring that doesn't
let you know the love I have for her
 I don't know what does and the best
part about all of this is catherine has
no I dear hold on let's let's FaceTime
them real quick let's FaceTime on
Queenie my princess and see what
directiy
my girls we're depressed why it's okay
baby I'll be back I promise I'll be back
soon
no L can you say hi today's family say
hi I miss you guys already I've only
been gone for like 10 hours
I promise me being gone is worth it
okay all right love you guys cavitus get
daddy hella besito oh thank you baby I
can only see your forehead but it's okay
I still love you I love you guys talk to
you a little bit by a sixth Emily from
the bottom of my heart I can't thank you
guys enough because without all of you
none of this would be possible just
amazing because all of you get to
experience this beautiful moment with us
it's so crazy like who would have
thought I would be here in New York
getting a wedding ring for the girl of
my dreams
I'm 25 years old and I've already found
my soul mate and now I'm taking it to
the next level like this is one of the
biggest moments of my life besides my
princess being born this right here this
right here has got to be the biggest
moment my life and the fact that God put
me in this position right here right now
I can't thank him enough so before I
continue I must say that I obviously
can't post this video until after I
propose so by the time you guys see this
video Catherine will already be wearing
her wedding ring beyond blessed I'm 25
years old and I'm already found my soul
mate
and now I'm about to take it to the next
level there's people out there that are
40 50 60 even 70 and still haven't found
someone that can spend the rest our
lives with like I am B all unfortunate
beyond blessed I don't even know what to
say
like ah I hardly ever cried but when it
comes to stuff like this it's easy for
me to get emotional all I could say is
that I appreciate everyone who is a part
of this process and I can't thank you
all enough for all that you do I hate
getting emotional like this goddamn I
gotta figure out how the hell I'm gonna
propose because it's gonna be something
that she will remember for the rest of
her life just know I already know how
I'm gonna propose I already have a set
plan in place and a sexy-ass woman is
about to be my fiancee damn that sounds
so good I gotta start practicing
getting on one knee is that good enough
oh wait is it left knee left knee from
the right knee oh I guess it don't
matter proposal is a proposal and really
thank you for everyone who supports
Katherine highs relationship can't thank
you all enough before we close out
today's video we do have to give our
pulse notification shout out to Derek
thorry
shout out to you bro thank you so much
for having our pulse notifications
turned all over else with like a post on
vacation shout out all you have to do is
obviously subscribe to our Channel
turn on our pulse on vacation which is
someone on our channel just click that
red Bell button and comment when you're
done and obviously if you like this
video I don't see why you wouldn't like
this hike share comment and subscribe
and wait before I in the video can I
please show you guys Catherine's wedding
ring Catherine's dream ring one more
time please let me just do it please I'm
too obsessed
oh my goodness gracious this woman
deserves every diamond I honestly cannot
wait to put this sexiest ring on my sexy
ass fiance in like me and my beautiful
family who's not with me at the moment
always say we will be back with more
videos P
