hey what's going on everybody today we
will be doing the your X versus me
challenge everyone who is involved in
relationship both man and woman is
curious to know if their significant
other did the same things they did with
their X with you
Lissa I was going down I'm gonna be
asking Katherine some questions and then
she's gonna be asking me some questions
for example did you bring him home food
whenever he asked no you know the
answers just an exam that's just an
example because obviously I'm asking
Katherine questions that she does for me
so I'll be asking Katherine bunch of
questions first and then once I'm done
with my questions then she'll ask me her
questions you want to go first
or do you want me to go first people
your ex is your ex for a reason so no
one should get upset by this challenge
and I'm speaking for the couples who
decide to do this challenge right I love
that shirt wait a spamela how beautiful
does Katherine look today in every day
something about you today
I love that she's beautiful so shall we
begin this challenge you guys this is
very interesting because I've never
asked Catherine these questions before
why and I'm gonna be getting the answer
on camera with Mike why have you never
asked me cuz I never cared but you care
obviously cuz you're asking me on camera
huh no I just thought this was
interesting for a challenge why not make
it to a challenge are you ready by the
way our exes
it is a question so well we asked each
other the questions is this specifically
about like a specific X or like no no
this is your most recent X most recent
yeah will your last your last
relationship I don't remember
oh god I like seriously I really don't I
will try your best one okay question
number one did you call your ex been
there but those who do not know
Katherine and I and this thing will
recall each other not babe but Bevin
so do you did you call your ex Bevin
okay so first of all I just don't want
to say that Bay Bay Bay Bay
it is like the way you say it in Spanish
okay so that's just like high-speed
maybe once the answer that was yes about
like just once just fellas out there
watching this like one doesn't like if
your woman says she did it just once
she's done it several times okay sure no
making me feel some type of way did you
do your ex's dirty laundry no are you
sure about that yes okay all right
interesting next question to all your
laundry's isn't a may literally I
started doing his laundry in the day of
met him hey he's never done laundry
before
I have known I was away in college by
myself I always do my laundry
did you ever cut his toenails no no I
only done that for you you sure yes guys
we have to be completely honest in this
game okay
all right next question I don't even
know if one has this one okay did you
tell your ex that you wanted to marry
him no can't think for a second fraction
of a second no no did you take pictures
for him to post on social media no no
okay okay next question
did you only follow him on IG or other
social media accounts for example no one
say ace family for those who not know
Katherine and I on Instagram and on
Twitter are the only people we follow
she just follows me and I just follow
her so my question is did you do the
same with your ex no two more questions
did you make him my favorite recipe
which is your pasta no no goddamn did
you even have an exit or them alright
last question
did you cut his hair ace family
sometimes I need like a lineup and I had
like these um clippers that lines the
back of my neck oh because I like it
here after a while and I need to get a
cut and I can't get to a barber in time
so Katherine sometimes lines the back of
my neck up so my question is did you do
the same for your ex no but I've never
met anyone who cuts their hair every
like five days really really I mean
maybe that I would like never
max I wouldn't know okay okay that's
fair not fair okay so no that's all my
questions even though I'm kind of hurt
from the first question I only question
but it doesn't mean anything like you
ready for my question
nothing kind of already but okay okay so
will we
you call him baby every day you say hey
bad bad bad bad
I love you baby
no we now have a YouTube channel and you
called him the same thing we call each
other on YouTube chairman one not
everyone I love no oh did you ever
surprise your ex with a nice gift assist
such as in jewelry or shoes thing like
that hell no no no no never I this for
the Donnell my ex shut up a dinner yeah
dinner but never no nothing nice enough
why alright next question so you know
how every woman has that time of the
month
did you ever go and buy your ex like
tampons
hell no no have you ever talked about
having children with your ex yes the
conversation came up but I never was
never open to it I didn't want to wait
so you talked about it we you know one
thing yeah the conversation came up
because of her and that usually happens
the woman usually brings up the
conversation not usually okay majority
of the time and my answer was no you
said no I said I wasn't no I wouldn't I
do not wanna have kids you said you
don't want to have like in that moment I
didn't want our kids with her orange
both with her and in general some wasn't
I didn't want our kids so the answer is
nothing
I mean answer is yes but the answer is
no that make sense
have you ever popped your ex's pimples
hell no that's just nasty to me I barely
do yours are you doing my back and
sometimes that's like I can't stand that
but I love shooting success I love
popping pimples you're like baby of a
pimp let me pop it like I think I'm like
some dermatologist and I literally like
going your skin I don't know examine
everything I don't know have you ever
taken your ex on a trip no never no trip
the reason why I hesitate is because I
was always gone away from college so my
ex like came to visit me but that's not
considered a trip right yes that's a
trip for her to come visit me yeah in
college did you get her the trip yes so
many surprised her with the trip but
doesn't to me a trip is where both of
you go on a trip together perfectly on a
trip together no the beach that's it
road trip what yeah we wanna trip Oh
every boyfriend takes a girlfriend on
the trip did you ever fall asleep on
FaceTime yeah like once yeah why I have
like well now we live together so
remember apart from each other yeah yeah
that's like my thing I used to fall
asleep on the phone bells like my thing
cuz you know I was away college majority
of time so used to denote fall asleep
and I hate fall asleep of myself so like
you know FaceTime did you ever match
your outfits
with your ax
sure sure sure
so you matched your outfit shoes that no
not shoes not shoes never had matching
pairs yeah yeah for like pictures I did
sir PES we've taken a picture yeah yeah
next question shit
last question did you ever meet your
ex's parents or family yes
Pal is pretty interesting I must admit
and for those people are curious to know
if you significant other did the same
things they did with their ex with you
please do this challenge my girl I I
must admit that um you know the first
question is there bothering me
yes okay okay this is the path that
she's in a better place now and if
you're in a relationship and you watch
this challenge make sure you grab your
significant other and do this challenge
with them so before we close out this
video we do have to give our postal
indication shut up to whom Emmett if
you're curious to know what happened to
our last video we posted we just still
don't understand deleted our channel
YouTube deleted our video like no like
no email no like oh no no reason
nothing just said we violated YouTube's
guidelines and I was literally my baby
and the whole video I wasn't even in the
video I was like the one holding the
camera all day so we don't understand a
situation if you didn't get a chance to
see the video I'm sorry we are currently
working on getting a video back up but
yeah just seems it just sucks because
like we have been so busy this past week
and we've been wanting to film every
single day but just so much has come you
know just so much has been happening and
then we take like all this time you know
till I can make a video for you guys and
you know like we get it uploaded we you
know get it done for you
and then we put it up and then it's gone
four hours later and it's sad because
like a lot of you guys like a lot of the
people that we care about our fanbase
hasn't been able to see our video and
it's just not there anymore and it sucks
because right it's frustrating because
we like in this flustering because you
can't even like reach out to YouTube
YouTube doesn't have a direct contact so
for us to get it back up it's literally
like a process and now it's just like
what do we do now the video has already
been gone for almost 24 hours and we
don't know what to do but it's okay
we're gonna keep coming with these
videos for you guys so we're not gonna
be worried about the last one but I am
sorry if you did not get to see that
video please just blame it on YouTube
today's post certification shout-out
goes to Sade the lot and all she said
was someone told someone tell me not a
system in like these days now but they
do well shout out to you say black thank
you so much for having our pulse
indications turn on whoever else would
like a pulse education shoutout
obviously guys you have to subscribe to
our channel turn on our pulse
notifications which is the bill button
somewhere on our channel turn that on
yeah and then comment when obviously
guys who like this video you've got to
give it a thumbs up give it a thumbs up
please because you know she hurt my
feelings today and I just you were the
one who came up with this challenge
you're like let's do this hello like who
did that or where have you seen that
yeah I don't know I just made it up good
so like comment share and subscribe and
like me and my beautiful baby always say
no just kidding I don't wanna say baby
like me and my beautiful Queen always
say am I gonna say baby ain't no more
because you use baby before okay so
shall we still can we still say it's not
like a secret like super secret like no
no one ever says Bebek no I don't call
anyone
side to you and my baby okay baby okay
but bad okay me and my beautiful queen
Owen sake we'll be back with more videos
P
