some things don't exist in my life today
hey a spell
hey what's going on everybody so if
you're watching our videos and have not
yet subscribed make sure you subscribe
get your mom get your dad get your
aunties your uncle's your granny's your
teachers your pets your goldfish if
everyone to subscribe I want everybody
to be a part of a family
I just want to take a moment to thank
all of you guys because without you guys
none of this would be possible and as
you guys know Katherine and I try our
best to give back to you guys as much as
possible so with that being said we will
be doing a giveaway we will have one
girl winner and one guy winner so
Katherine picked up items for you girls
out there and I picked out items for
Monroes so for all my dudes out there I
got a Louis V backpack mm-hmm and of
course that I throw in the hottest shoes
out the zebra easy phone be honest with
you guys
Katherine did not want to do this
giveaway without getting this exact
backpack purse the smaller version of
what I got from my bro's ladies I admit
it's cute it's cute and of course we had
to keep our ladies laced up as well and
ladies if you don't like these things
you can get a pair for your boyfriend so
in order for a girl and a guy to win you
have to follow these simple instructions
obviously you have to subscribe to our
channel subscribe to the ACE and so if
you don't know how to subscribe just
click that red button in the corner of
our channel it's red make sure you
follow more on Instagram - right here
also you got to follow my own Katherine
on Instagram right here so follow me and
follow her I'm actually gonna pause it
for you guys you ready go
did you follow okay cool and lastly make
sure you follow like stuff la and
obviously a family the more you show
love view like comment the better chance
you have of being noticed for this
beautiful giveaway I love you
I don't want to have to give you away
and I don't even have a pair of these
shoes so a family
you better know Katherine I truly do
love you guys so now let's get to the
price so today I will be doing boyfriend
loses our baby prank and honestly I'm
scared of to do this because I
don't know how she's gonna react and
anything can happen I know I'm going to
get hate for this but so many of you
requested me to do so of course it's
going down you guys are wondering I'm
here at my brother's house I had to get
away so Katherine does not Katherine's
at home doing her annual weekend
cleaning I appreciate you for always
cleaning business so a my boy Tanner
here help me with this prank was good so
the plan is to go back to the house
quickly set the cameras up hopefully
she's somewhere not in the living room
where I could set the cameras up so
Katherine has been asking me to take the
trash out since this morning and
whenever I do take the trash out it
always comes with me so L will come with
me and in that time that's when Tanner
will take L down to the pool
she'll be lost you guys don't know
Tanner is like my brother so L will be
safe and sound
so once Tanner and L leave the scenes
that's when I come back in the house
pretending to look for Elle and who
knows what's going to happen from here
like I'm not even sure if I should do
this prank just pray for me and keep
watching Babette it was done I'm hungry
an hour
yeah Elka Mehbooba come on over what
 commune
that I want to take the trash out real
quick I want to take the trash out real
quick
our guys Nils gone already
but it is out there with you is Ellen
there with you are you serious
often if she wants idea to throw the
towel
let's using it old times but you guys
requested a copy did you think I'm away
gosh oh my gosh in it it's just it's
just a princess a break wakey-wakey
opener never it is a present in there is
a pretty ribbon
go back you let me in it was just a
prank go back don't be mad at me be mad
to a Stan we bed that it was just a
prank I love you call me back bed by
pharrell well guys the prank went as
planned I knew she was going to be
pissed
you guys knew she was going to be pissed
she gonna be over in like an hour guys
she was definitely unexpected now all I
gotta say is I gotta wash my back
because I know she won't try and do
something crazy
she won't she won't do some crazy not to
be sleeping with one eye open for the
rest of the year
 am i sleeping at the room and I was
created number froze just a prank it's
not that serious
but I'm blaming you guys for this one if
you like this video give it a thumbs up
like comment share and subscribe and
don't forget about our giveaway all you
got to do is follow simple instructions
to have a chance to win so we will be
giving everyone 7 days to participate so
if you're bad with numbers next
Tuesday's video we will be announcing
the winners so stay tuned
I know she didn't lock this door there
bear you still mad at me
good bad you still mad at me I love my
girls don't be mad at me was just a
prank
I'll tell mommy not to be mad at me so
there you still mad at me huh
okay I love you forever and always Kay
