someone told me never saw
please don't exist in my life these days
but you showed me if I
just find the fit I need to believe
anything is possible if you wanna pass
look this guy high-test your limit
in there I can see I'm sorry hey Stemler
welcome back guys what's going on
everybody so today is a very exciting
day because we've been wanting to share
this video with you guys for a couple of
weeks now we had the opportunity and the
pleasure to meet with Hollywood medium
Tyler Henry someone who I absolutely
love someone who I've been watching for
the past year and a half or so this is
the only guy that I'm allowing Katherine
to love other than if you're not
familiar with what a medium is or who
Tyler Henry is so he is a medium and he
is able to speak to people on the other
side so people who have passed away
people who are spirits or angels or
whatever you like to call them and he
also can speak to people and tell them
about their future or tell them about
their health their career path or
whatever is going on in their life so
before we continue with this video I
just want to say that a completely 100%
Austin egg we completely respect
everyone's beliefs and their opinions on
this topic I know that a lot of people
aren't so open-minded or not not
necessarily open-minded but just don't
really believe in this kind of stuff and
so I am not offended Austin and I are
not offended that you don't want to
watch this video or that you don't
believe in it but please please just
have respect with what we decided to do
and have respect for Tyler Henry who's
going to be shown in our video it was
gonna be giving us a reading and who is
now a part of the family so please
welcome him with open arms I will be
completely honest I'll be the first to
admit that I was not much of a believer
he would hate when I would watch the
show even be like there's an ice age I
hate it was just hard for me to believe
and like wrap my head around that is
actually possible for him to know those
things but now that we got the
opportunity to sit down and talk with
him
I will believe her so I just want to
give you a little quick background on
why exactly I even wanted to meet with
Tyler just about a year ago I started
watching him on E and I loved his vibe I
love this show and I don't really watch
TV but for some reason I was just
watching that show and I'd be so excited
with a new episode come on I'm really
open-minded when it comes to this topic
and I just feel like personally I've had
certain situations where I had signs
come to me and I was crazy as that
sounds I pretty much felt like my
grandmother was in the room my
grandmother passed away when my mom was
15 years old from ovarian cancer and so
I obviously never got to meet her but my
mom has never really had closure and so
whenever I started watching Tyler Henry
I was like okay if I ever had the
opportunity to meet with Tyler my
grandmother would be the one person that
I would really want to come through and
so that's what kind of like inspired me
to want to meet him and now we're
sitting here today and were able to show
that to you guys on our channel we
actually had the opportunity to go on
his show which is a new season that's
coming up this month
Wednesday oh yeah so Wednesday the 28th
so you guys can watch his show on eat
but we thought it would be best if he
came on to our channel so all of you
eight family members can be a part of it
obviously this footage that we were
about to show you was not shot today
this was shot a couple of weeks ago and
not to mention during this time during
the day that he came was right when we
found out we were pregnant so nobody
would know buddy news we hadn't even
posted the video on our channel yet so
he kind of came out like a perfect time
because it was the day after we found
out we were just really really excited
to see if he was gonna touch on it or
know that we were pregnant or not at
this point like I said nobody knew we
were pregnant not even some of our
family members so that was a cool thing
and then obviously like anything to do
with my family Austin's family like you
can google that like nobody knows some
of the things he touched on that day
Austin didn't even know
and so he's extremely talented and
obviously you can believe in whatever
you want to believe and I completely
respect that but I will say that in my
heart and an awesome heart we were like
this is insane
he completely touched on things and gave
us validation on things that we had
discussed or we had thought of or that's
happened in our past in our lives and so
yeah it's really really interesting so I
do want to say before you guys actually
watch this reading that the reading was
probably over an hour so we had it cut
it down to probably less than half and
we kept parts in there that we felt all
of you will enjoy and we obviously took
out the more personal stuff the full
reading was like I said over an hour and
we had to cut it completely down so you
guys will see majority of it but we
didn't want this video to be an hour
long we're so excited that we just want
to get straight into the reading so if
you guys are just as excited as we are
make sure you give this video a thumbs
up right now give it a thumbs up for
Tyler Henry and shall we roll the clip
welcome a family huh beautiful I love it
like oh my god it's amazing I can't feel
my cheekbones already thank you guys for
well and you've mentioned that you've
seemed to shoot before is that so well
you're familiar with the process now if
you see the show I have yes so I mean I
have to subside she's obsessed with
sweet well I'm excited to see what come
see the way that I do readings is it's
not that much different than Michelle my
job really is a medium is just to
connect to valuable information and
there receive information in a number of
ways so the way that I couldn't work is
when I interact with a person I'll get a
feeling and that feeling to be followed
by another feeling in another flow and
usually these feelings actually have
relevance in the person's life it can be
about situations involved in the past
sometimes information about people
who've passed away will come through
other times family matters but someone
who needs some healing around or coming
through as well so my goal as a medium
is just to leave anyone any better than
a fight night and that's really so
whether it's about connecting your loved
one or just talking about personal life
will navigate me kind of see what
actually is meant to come through and
then midway towards the end of the
reading I'll give you an opportunity to
ask any questions that you'd like but
until then I prefer just your talking
I feel like it maintains the integrity
the experience and for me a really a big
own validation specific self anything so
all community everything comes through
and I see you know where we go but we'll
see where we naturally go and you midway
through will check and if you have any
questions so I have a notebook here a
lot people wonder what that's all about
with this works as you can see is it's
just a blank page and I scribble
so it's just my wait a minute
and getting them that's all I'll be
doing perfect and the last paragraph
that's before we start is usually
there's objects so you have the objects
to them awesome do you might be placing
like perfect in line we flip that page
over just because there's writing on so
make sure you can't read any of that oh
I don't speak Spanish so I'm gonna give
them into scribble I'm not gonna London
thing quite yet of everyone's gonna see
what naturally
Wow a lot coming in sir I'm gonna just
try to communicate everything that's
popping in if three people that I have
to bring up I'm just gonna communicate
all what's poppin it to work for sure
coming in on your side of the family but
there's one coming in for your side of
the family as well so I'm gonna try to
navigate who's who so it's interesting
connected to your side of the family
they're having we talked about this man
who would have been like a strong male
masculine protective figures he's
immediately we're gonna have to send to
my folks the thing around him is that he
passed away prematurely so from his
perspective he feels like he would have
passed away too soon too early he
wouldn't go full candlelit he's
connecting to this in particular so when
I'm holding on to this for some reason
there's a references man and he come to
kind of come soon basically acknowledges
passing the way before his time and
that's really important to acknowledge
we'll get into the details and specifics
of what all this means but there's a man
who keeps covered it's very addictive
you keep having we kind of bring up your
mother and then they're gonna have me
navigate your
I'm gonna try to sleep whatever we're
gonna bring you both your mom side in
your dad says your dad's got a family
and a mom says I'm gonna separate the
two next is this oh there's a lot coming
in your mom said in your dad said both
are coming through
your mom said is kind of more my primary
focus but I'm interested some of these
off there's a situation I'm starting to
have to navigate all the moment I mean
there's a situation where more there's
two passings but they both happen to
kind of prematurely and they'd like to
do your family
when I say prematurely to me usually
it's like obviously not wanting the
person to go in to do we're not
expecting them to go we're gonna do it
to some extent or the age so there's one
situation where this person had this man
and this woman are they're both coming
to through that this man is connecting
or the object so this I'm holding it
doesn't man coming in yes very strongly
connected to this and we kiss coming in
he's having meeting acknowledged like
geography I don't know why you're
showing moving him around the website of
your families we've brought a bunch
buddies that we make knowledge family
and then referencing to geographical
distance of where we would be foreign
versus where we're at but it's connected
here and these help me talk about
someone making a trip to this place
after his passing that would have
sentimental value so where he would be
connected to be southern read no I was
just feeling like after I passed someone
would've made or maybe recently
that's the best hissed allegation coming
forward and acknowledging I know that
you want to strip I know that you're
back to the homeland you know yeah it
was good sir
is it very much putting an emphasis on
this he's having when we bring up your
father know is coming in father and
father father I have a woman connecting
to your mother and I get my might have
this kind of your mom chances for your
father I have a man coming you for your
mother I have her mother finger
connectors yes both passed away
relatively prematurely like too soon
would you say oh god something that's
like connection you're dense dad is come
in there's something in this that
they're trying to communicate like a
weirdness around passing they're feeling
with this and I can I get office dad
said her mom side but there's weirdness
around a passionate I'm putting it
together
there's weirdness by that I mean they're
putting like gotcha okay cuz it's like
coming in at they're like yeah that's
amazing
right that's incredible
I'm very careful with when they start
presenting the passing because class is
like coming in there's something that
they're trying to clear up with this
that still is kind of unresolved so I
have to figure out where this is because
it's like the nature of the passing I
want to say this connects more to your
death definitely would your mom's mom if
I had to say for some reason they're
putting a feeling of like not resolved
around that dad all right moms moms and
I bring that same feeling this seems to
be the length in the logistics of that
crow passing they're just for some
reason putting her around dad's dad like
not heal its not heal nothing else or
something there's like still basically
the way this happened yes I don't know
weirdly more traumatic to me like so
mystery this is does not interrupt him
stop do you if there was anything that
like because if when people pass away we
want to know as much as possible as far
as that what led up to their death how
they died if there's ever any question
marks or we don't know like how this
happens initially it can we make a
family in grief differently you can make
them feel like oh god you know we have
to figure out how this happened why this
happened there's this kind of feeling in
the way this comes through it like why
doesn't this happen
I don't know who it applies to but it's
a feeling within family of like not
really having a result at the time
because we don't we don't really
understand how this happens if someone's
diagnosed cancer we know probably passed
that's that kind of thing this is more
like why did this have to happen so I
don't really know the history of his
death but I do know that he passed away
very abruptly and it was in his home and
it was he was by himself
gotcha and it was one of those things
where the neighbors noticed they didn't
see him for a couple days or a couple
weeks and then that's how they kind of
right and that make sense ESS coming in
and it's basically a situation where
it's like if we were to discover him
family we wonder could we've done
anything different here we've done this
quicker could we were responded and it's
just this feeling of like I love this
girl
it's okay nothing could have been done
differently when he comes through he's
perfectly fine but he once family to let
go on death's I live like this issue of
like it's okay to wait and find me it's
okay like this comes in as like it is
like this and I okay with this and then
mom's mom comes in and is just very much
around her very proud of her very
connected and then very connected to
like the female children and family
intercept we talk about babies just
acknowledging thumbs up thumbs up a
minute expansion within family and it's
her way of bringing forward an awareness
of a little girl and then she actually
is trying to communicate to this little
girl which is good to keep in mind so in
as far as like children ago if you
notice like a child acting strangely
saying something and having a
recollection or something even might not
normally have they're making it very
clear that they've already tried to
connect
Valentina very possible because she
actually knew her birthday it was weird
that she told my mom hey it's my best
birthday today there you go she wanted
to talk absolutely so that's just
validation because it was already came
to like this year for female child I was
like tried to impart communication
there's a reference to a person who
dealt with he met the situation at an
earlier age and now notice we probably
would be able to combat his medical
situation because the developments that
we've made at the time of this person
fell ill they were young or too young
traditionally kind of developed this
issue it's person passed away as a
result of this medical problem
nowaday except this person would get the
same thing it could be workable it would
be like reasonable but there's this
feeling of like someone passing around
kind of middle age or kind of in that
department it may not be exactly or
anything about it just I don't feel like
I reach my senior years and there's just
the civilian it does come through most
at a family of like medical thing but
like medical thing that if we got today
we would have been able to like extend
our quality of life I just don't feel
like we have to keep it the technology
around we're at your everything attended
oh we're doing those ones and then they
are having me also bring up a baby or a
child or passed away we really good to
look into because this is coming through
mom said a family so check and see if
someone lost a sibling if someone lost
the child could bring up this yeah like
child keeps coming in and it's connected
to that side of family okay I can't make
a change but just good to keep in line
but they're pretty connected to her just
to be in mind the bring up feminine
assistant for her and they're just
married as you can
very mutant cervical and breast so just
makes your mom's I'm talking about when
that area comes up again sometimes means
that someone might have a conversation
about getting something removed to kind
of like look about getting something
tested
nothing serious it doesn't feel like
anything cancerous so my grandmother who
is my mom's mom passed away from ovarian
cancer every that make sense yeah what
I'm gonna do is switch gears slightly as
I can tell they're good what would you
do now is if you have any questions
about your personal life that's gonna be
a part of that is exciting and if you
have any additional questions yeah I
will feel free but sometimes people have
questions about things going on here in
the now now in life when it comes the
future I don't think the future set in
this time I think it's kind of like
trajectories Lee
if you throw a frisbee you can get an
idea of where the prison is probably in
the land so in life we had down certain
trajectories and intuitive people can
sometimes read that trajectory whether
it's a career love life personal life
health matters so if there's any
questions that you have the more general
the better just like and kind of
naturally to any specific questions
regarding any
you are going to call that right in a
business setting but in a different way
we own what you're doing presently and I
love it I have to figure out what this
is because of their putting you two
together
career but like even more couple
different things so one you two are
gonna get approached to do something
when it comes to media on a larger scale
so a media for me to be television
internet all the physics but this is
something like they're bringing me to a
cheer higher in the way this is coming
in for some reason
the weird thing is with this is that
having we talk about this idea and then
the timing being weird like when it's
presented it's over like and then it
works like it were ended up working out
but initially when we're presenting this
I did it seems like how we're gonna do
it it doesn't really seem so - but
they're bringing this up and it's like
keep this in mind because it's this
thing usually together and it's like
it's gonna be good but it's taking us to
another tier so even if that's another
tier within the online no but it's
bringing us I honestly feel what I'm
seeing TV I can't make a change so you
know I never I only bring up stuff if
I'm like constantly seeing it you can't
make a change if you get new TV
opportunities in a like large sense the
timing like you might feel weird with
the timing but I see this happening I
wouldn't kind of do it sir it's really
thing is is the initial plan of it
doesn't seem conducive to like the brand
like what would I be doing it like
didn't we tweak it and that ends up
being fine there's a there's a world
that would live in it just it's not
gonna cuss the way we'd start I don't
know it's gonna require some changes and
tweaks get to where we need to be but I
wouldn't give up on it and that's really
the message like
reading very easily don't give up on
this whatever this happens because it's
like we just have to cute with it and
then they're bringing I reckon it's to
like health wellness we're putting an
assistant like health and wellness but
they're putting this around we two
together and then have we talked about
like launching and it seems new it's a
new thing maybe something we haven't
really done fully but they're breaking
up like you think new thing new things
health wellness I'm like thanks most
people create products ideas they're
putting this together in they're putting
a lot of excitement around this and you
need to know that this is gonna be great
it's a goal thing it's like I cannot
convey the extent of how important that
is as far as the next chapter of Nexus
it looks like it's something huge
so please know like that's an amazing
direction to get to because that'll lead
to so many other things but I swear to
God about something that's it's why you
shouldn't that we talk like something
we've been talking about so it's
interesting you know I find you say our
loved ones oftentimes don't even when
we're talking about certain things I
can't get some things in started reading
these oftentimes conversations people
have in the past two to three days will
kind of in smile please know this
validation so there as far as like
growing our family kids absolutely no
worries
how many do you have currently what
awesome okay
hmm they're joking about timing
i'ma show you a clock and then the clock
is like like it keeps changing so that
could sometimes mean when it comes to
expanding a family I don't know what
your thoughts are on it it looks like
careers gonna be at such a crazy point
it's just right now I would really keep
in mind the health and wellness thing
okay that was my center focus
intuitively if I were in your guys's
position from a long-term perspective
that's something that I'm really looking
to in how it can be applied in many
different ways from services to products
to a number of things it's not gonna
just be one idea is one idea that will
turn into many different ideas don't
kind of stem from it and that's really
powerful so it's really something I
can't stress enough guys when I need to
know that something is gonna be good and
it's gonna work out you guys are gonna
be amazing at it that is like an amazing
next chapter so your family will
continue to build a facility your
business and that's gonna be a really
hopeful next step absolutely when it
comes to Nina from the call the one who
does majority of the talking but I can't
even talk laughs I always said you got
up since we sat down I'm speechless
hopefully today
but yeah they're definitely literally
the only show to it doesn't mean there
won't be more but they were like - - but
about like do you see two girls or do
you see like potential boy it's a good
quality the thing is is they give back
when you talk about trying to find a boy
trying to find a boy trying to find a
boy and joke about like I like that
it'll work out absolutely no doubt be
born to love last question I'm sorry
yeah I want to know if my daughter is is
she going to be okay with being in front
of the camera is she comfortable it's
cute because she'll be very eloquent and
it's actually interesting I say the word
eloquent like for our age as time goes
on she is but haven't we talked about
like being able to say things in a
certain way and put things in a certain
way that's like way beyond her four
years that's good to kind of look for it
reminds you were right yeah but with
that there haven't we talked about like
personality personality personality but
they're putting that like in front of a
camera so I feel like if anything she
will kind of grow into more of a comfort
of like being able to take you know
absolutely no it feels really good she
feels like the type that won't actually
kind of be on my character rolling so
it's kind of that type of thing as time
goes up we'll see her actually find it
enjoyable yeah we're both
it makes sense I think TV is a bit of a
trade-off
yes it can allow for different type of
exposure but we also like certain
freedoms control one it like we're like
the type of people we have a great
relationship so TV seems a little bit
not so us right I would say for my
health and my category developing their
physical activity like a gym for some
reason they just were acknowledging this
like talking to this person about what
they know so maybe if their connection
is their resources essentially synthetic
you mind the reference to that but then
from a perspective it was like TV but
it's not like I know it doesn't give a
bad feeling of this this is very it has
like a very specific goal with this but
the TV thing so when we think for
example like the health and wellness
idea that ever could be turned into
something that could be presented on a
larger scale
just kind of in that direction that's
the point I think that's something we'll
say they're putting such an emphasis on
this idea I can't even like tell you
yeah so really
I think anything to bring me to the
emotional and mental gradient
environment where we don't feel like we
have to constantly be doing the next
thing I mean so would you guys think
hopefully you all enjoyed it it was such
a great experience for us thank you
again Tyler for coming out to our house
and doing a reading for us I will say
that during the reading I was so nervous
because I was just like so excited that
I finally like because he was click part
of my bucket list I was like I'm
definitely gonna meet him one day so
crazy because a year ago I tweeted him
and I was like one day I'm gonna be
Tyler I know and then I ended up meeting
him so I was like so like nervous and
kind of like I don't know I just it was
just so waiting so magical he's amazing
like yeah it was nerve-wracking yeah he
can like just look at you and tell you
what's wrong with you it's like a little
scribble away so that's just amazing and
I'm so glad that we were able to do it
especially on camera like for him to
allow us to do that on our channel we're
so grateful for that so thank you again
Tyler Henry Tyler you are officially a
part of the family and he is really an
amazing person
he's so gentle so well-spoken so sweet
so young so young to and so present when
he's talking to you it's very present
real and magical it's so it's so amazing
like like I don't want to like I'm in
love for it I feel like he really is
amazing and we're so happy to have had
met him so with all that being said if
you guys were interested in this video
make sure you check out his show which
is on e it airs on Wednesday the 28th
I'm always crying like oh yeah so makes
you guys check that out because you know
Catherine's gonna be checking it out and
hopefully later down the road we'll be
on his show I feel like it'll be more
cinematic just because of the way we
filmed it and it was kind of like hey we
know what we can do but I hope you guys
enjoy it so thank you all for tuning in
as always before we close out today's
video we do have to get our posts on
vacation shadow to who living so today's
post certification shoutout goes to
Elizabeth Rodriguez so should I see you
hey shout out to Elizabeth thank you so
much for being a part of a family you
already know we love you whoever else
would like a pulse interpretation
shoutout all you gotta do is subscribe
today's family hit that subscribe button
turn our pulse notifications hit that
Bell button once you do those two things
just comment done and obviously if you
liked today's video you've got to give
it thumbs up give it thumbs up for Tyler
Henry being so magical so like comment
share and subscribe and like me and my
beautiful pregnant Queen always say
videos peace
