someone told me never soul
come look Donna customer like we say
time hey it's been welcome back to our
channel guy what's going on everybody
today is going to be a very emotional
but very exciting video today the reason
why is because we're going to be doing
something that we've been wanting to do
for the longest and you all know that
because we've talked about it several
times so as you guys can see we're
wearing our ace family t-shirts that are
now available obviously these are a
family t-shirts a family over everything
we've been saying this for a year now
it's our logo with her motto but they
have a very significant meaning behind
them so for those who do not know
Katherine I've been on a mission to find
the perfect organization to give back to
although these shirts are for sale the
proceeds will be going to in very
meaningful cherries let's break it down
real quick we got the men's size you
know I like my shirts fitted so this
right here is a medium just a medium
right here
what you got better - a smaller extra
small that is a smaller they're small
t-shirt and that is were smooth we also
have got some crop top for the ladies
that want to show the stomach the clap
top family over a little bit much bigger
crop top we also have baby sized
t-shirts as well baby size for my bbm so
any side you need we got so we are very
blessed and fortunate to be able to
partner up with the fish alive to make
all of this possible if you're
interested in the t-shirt the link will
be in our description it's separate from
our ASAC collection so make sure you
click on the right link so I'm sure a
lot of you are sitting there wondering
what charity are they giving back to
what where the proceeds going to what is
it all about Austin and I have been
planning to give back to charity for a
while now and there's a lot of charities
out there and it was so hard to pick
like the perfect one but then I got the
thinking and there's one in particular
that means a lot to me because I have to
do is something that I personally
experienced and my childhood it in my
lifetime and it's something that I want
to share with you guys today because I
feel like it will give you guys a more
better understanding of why I decided to
pick this charity as you guys know
there's so many charities out there we
could have picked any of them but this
one in particular hit home for Kathryn
so I'm not sure if you guys know or are
personally experiencing this at the
moment or have experiences where parents
are having their children taken away
from them for various reasons
the abuse neglect it could be literally
there's so many things that can happen
within a family where the child is taken
from them so usually when something
happens where the children is taken from
their parents they usually assign a case
to them and a social worker and just
various things in order to get the child
back or to put the child in the proper
care and when this situation happens the
families and the child have to go to
court to see what happens next so while
the children are waiting in the room
they're in a very traumatic situation
like a lot is going on you know they
could be even losing their parents it
could be a lot of different things and
so they're in this huge room and they're
sometimes there waiting in there for
hours so what free arts does for this
kids for these kids is they allow the
children to do artwork and talk to some
of the people that are there voluntarily
helping them throughout their situation
so what free arts does is they have
volunteers that help a lot of these
children's in the room do artwork and
help them with their you know their
situation and take their minds off of
what's going on so that they can think
of positive thing and we're going to be
going to the courthouse shortly we're
going to have the CEO of the company
speak to you guys more and explain this
better to you guys the reason why we
chose this organization is because it
means a lot to me um I'm just going to
tell you guys quickly like a little
story but when I was younger and my
parents had me really really young it
was just me and my little brother Ryan a
lot of you guys have been introduced to
him there was a point in time where Ryan
and I were taken away from our parents
long story short Ryan and I were in like
a foster care home for a couple of weeks
I think it was like about a week or two
and my dad ended up getting us quickly
like the judge said that they had never
seen a parent get their kids as fast as
my father did in their entire career so
luckily I have my father to get us out
of there but I was in a really bad
situation in my entire life could have
changed dramatically from then on but
thankfully my dad was able to get us
back and I'll sink him forever for that
moment but I just want to tell you guys
that this doesn't mean a lot to me and
this is the reason why I chose charity
and I see
like a lot of you guys should be aware
of this because it is going on every
single day and a lot of kids are being
you know there's just traumatic
situations where they're abused and just
different things like that obviously
that didn't happen to me but there was a
situation where I was taken away and we
just want to be there and help a lot of
these kids that are going through these
situations emotional for me a lot of our
cry I hate getting emotion on the camera
all right I wasn't going to get
emotional today I'm not going to cry I
know I cry in front of you guys a lot
I'm not going to do that today we're
going to go to the courthouse and we're
going to see you know where the kids are
at and like the different floors and
where all the kids are being held at for
to be seen by the judge and yeah we're
just going to explore and show you guys
a little bit of that I don't think you
guys are going to be able to see the
actual children they are the courthouse
today because you know out of respect
for them and their privacy but we are
going to be introducing to you people
that are involved in the company and we
hope that they can explain everything
teen guys because this means a lot to us
are a family so we're going to let Tom
take it over from here here you go buddy
greetings I am Tom Earls and my name is
Carol with the k-member that Carol
Luther King and I'm the director of free
art and I am the program manager free
arts is a non-profit in Los Angeles with
a mission to provide art and mentorship
so young people who have experienced
abuse trauma neglect and or homelessness
every year we serve over 22,000 children
in need through our programs we do have
two programs the court house program and
also the mentorship program what we do
here is we provide a space with a child
or the tuner that we're working with
we're waiting for their cases to be here
was quite a space for them to be
themselves to talk about things about
themselves
provide a positive role model which are
our volunteers and I don't know how many
of you have been in the courthouse
setting but the courthouse is a really
stressful tense environment especially
for a child sometime a child doesn't
even know if they're going to see their
family has another day or they might be
reconnected with your siblings so we
want a private space where they could be
themselves user imagination be creative
build social skill building also team
working and also like I mentioned
connecting with a positive adult and
build relationships and I directly work
with its children and to be honest we
see a lot of change when the child comes
into our program from the minute that
they step into the classroom to the
minute that they leave the atmosphere
and also their emotions change we look
forward to getting to share with you
some actual stories and some of the
artwork from the children from our
programs we want to thank the ACE family
so much for supporting free arts and for
this campaign we want to let you know
that for every t-shirt you buy a
contribution is going to go directly to
free arts to supporting our efforts to
serve over 22,000 kids this year who are
in need so we want to thank you in
advance for supporting this campaign for
supporting free arts if you want to stay
connected with us check them out at free
arts LA or free arts dot org so follow
along yeah yeah so we're feeling kind of
emotional right now because of
everything that they show to us and just
being the families and the children
sitting around in the waiting rooms and
just everything which is super
overwhelming and obviously I know you
guys wanted to be able to see that
that's of course is going to film out of
respect to the change
their families so I say our experiments
not get all set now let's be happy and
continue to spread love and positivity
and we want to take a moment to thank
you guys the ACE family because without
you guys we wouldn't be able to help
others in the way that we do and we hope
that things that we do in our videos
rubs off on you guys because the more
people we have do so is what's going to
change the world thank you all for
tuning in as always if you guys are
interested in person the t-shirt the
link will be in our description make
sure you click on the official eyes link
and not our ace hat collection link so
when you get to our description you're
going to see that it says charity there
with the link beside it and it's going
to be bold and big so it's not confusing
before we close out this video we do
have to give our notification shout out
today to who Charlie beagle and she said
done thank you so much Carly regal for
having our notifications turned on
whoever else would like a notification
shot up all you have to do is turn on
our post notifications and comment when
don't obviously guys we like this video
give it a thumbs up like comment share
and subscribe don't just do it if you'd
like y'all ready they're washing it
exactly just click the link just click
the thumbs up you know in comment show
love show support yeah and like me and
my beautiful Queen always safe we'll be
passing my videos P
