come look we don't exist in real life
just a time when I'm starting challenge
here but thank you all right family so
before we begin with this challenge I
would like to show you guys the new a
family hats and just drop so as you all
know it will be looking like somebody's
on TV sometimes but of course we had to
put that thing on a hat here what how do
you want to wear one
when you want look looking at somebody
on scene and we got different colors on
we got this tan one we got a light one
me looking like somebody auntie but look
at there you go always looking like
somebody auntie and we also have my
favorite catchphrase for those who know
me I like to say all hail long hey what
are you doing
and of course we can't have a hot band
without having a family member
representing just for you guys just for
y'all hope you guys like to have a lot
of you requested BiPAP if you're
wondering where to get them the link
will be in our description as always
others I can just give all you guys's
here cut them off hey hey welcome back
to my channel Bay what's going on
everybody
okay we will be doing me bean boozled
challenge a lively the part of the
challenge today should special guest on
our video wait good good we know we are
late to this challenge but we figured
it'd be interesting having Ellen ball
which would make it a family challenge
answers Ellen old enough now to be
eating cheese but at the end of the day
regardless of what we do we're always
going to get hate or were always going
to be judged right people were talking
about babies shouldn't be eating jelly
beans well she's only going to be eating
a few so if I princess would you like to
say anything today family before we
begin doing anything at all so say
you guys she got the fitter okay so
that's a good start so from what we know
we have a variety of jelly beans some
delicious some just too nasty as hell so
for those who would like to know the
flavors flavors are spoiled milk run a
bar booger stinky socks
coconut buttered popcorn peach juicy
pear tutti frutti dead fish two-face
canned dog food
moldy cheese lawn clippings strawberry
banana smoothie berry blue chocolate
puddings caramel corn and lime not going
to lie some of these Sally terribly
forget the stinky socks
oh I'll get the stinky talking we're
going to get right in so because okay
the baby just what
okay let's spin it spin it let mom has
been in first you're going to try out
else I was going to get the first case
because she's just thirsty for the jelly
bean and not to mention we have a will
here when you spin it it determines um
which one you get okay okay al gets the
coconut coconut Oh or spoiled milk oh
okay the white one what's one way of
time yeah hi V girl there you go eat it
it sounds like this coconut would be
coconut you like it
good okay cool and in order for us to
know if L got a nasty one or a good one
you be able to tell by her facial
expression I know I need Felix
everything no she'll know she doesn't
got coconut it goes well milk she will
spin it for me please
was borderline do again as borderline
yes ooh what's that
Oh chocolate pudding or canned dog food
blue before here yeah ah ah yeah yeah
eat it well heck you have to eat it she
has a dump of the goodness I'm sorry to
smell does oh my god no wonder people Oh
God eat it I don't like it look like my
turn for you okay here we go hold me
please
right in the we arm oh you got the
booger Oh disgusting all right here we
go illness you said did you eat on earth
yeah she's not home she does have one up
I think you like that one ah what's
happenin hello
she got less you don't like coconut Elsa
please get a nasty one Oh
moldy cheese Oh God moldy cheese or
caramel corn oh here it is here it is
here it is ready baby she took your
mouth how do you already have that mmm
delicious soft it like that what we put
it up there for me
my turn
what I get what I get
Oh Mon Ange Ivan or buttered popcorn or
rotten anyway look at me go guys who
look of course this is not coarseness
ladies okay here we go catheter
strawberry banana or what strum banana
or dead fish oh my god we can't take it
no I picked it now let you think you to
know you know that yeah and here's the
basic oh god I don't know what right now
really good she's just gonna tell today
Oh God business is math you just go on
frame I'll promise I'll cut it
good she'd love to do one you're lying
is that stop stop okay
those of that Catherine ran to the thing
and blew up and as you can see the
camera fail and an elephant crying doll
bad alright I'll turn spin the wheel
juicy pear booger
all right now here we go good this
lately good good
it's gonna be hot high five
juicy pear juicy pear high five good job
of it daddy service
Thunder juicy pear or booger here we go
please ding this thing one avail please
please please mmm
vinegar you make sure you like yeah
thank you she got booger to this so that
one out so that's one for Katherine
peach or barf can I take the line okay
geez here picking be jabbar certain
Barbara just friggin threw up all right
I can't do this anymore
just just spit it out it's okay
so that it yeah we're done I do not Abbi
nah all right laughing brailles and she
likes a long so the buttered popcorn or
rotten egg you ready oh here we go
butter popcorn or rockin you ready are
you ready yeah except you know that you
know the trick it's okay baby you're
done you're done
Thank You vivid and kisses get to the
1/2 inch all kisses okay okay hey let
her choose her favorites
alright guys that is it for today's
challenge we could not take you no more
the way logcat not one good candy or
whatever it's called jellybeans coming
I think it sounds good Noel tricky we
did not expect this to be a card than it
was
I will be honest but sometimes trick me
you know they're all nasty all clean
alright guys I hope you enjoyed this
challenge obviously within it a little
bit different because I was in the
challenge and it has a family
everything anyone's do that before but
hopefully you guys enjoyed this video
as you can see L love this challenge
yeah she's not trying to eat them or
something onto trying to get along again
there there this is my last 100 lady my
god thank you so much for watching as
always before we pulled out this video
we do have to give our notification
shout-out today to do and that's to
Emperor's veto and she commented done on
our last video shout to you girl thank
you so much return on our pulse on
vacation and where else like the post on
vacation shout out all you have to do is
obviously subscribe to our channel and
turn on our post notifications and
comment when in August you guys would
like this video give it a thumbs up give
it a thumbs up for a shout so like
comment share and subscribe and like me
and my beautiful family always safe I'll
be back with more video peace
ah good bye say bye didn't say bye bye
wait for bye good job of it okay nope
we're going to do hats link will be in
the description
