someone told me number so dumb look
these don't fit them alike we say time
doesn't pay
hey you I love you
Oh
if you do it what are you doing
ever what are you doing holy - rich I
kiss my bitch no you should go
Thank You baron no you so much come in
shaquiesha wagon in the building y'all
if you were wondering what brings me in
today today I will be teaching you how
to acquire torquing one just enough just
now you can twerk it anywhere any time
in any place honey
you do not have to have the biggest
booty to twerk now honey you can have a
medium bully or you can have a small
Billy - or well a tiny booty is that
mean put the biggest thing here always
now did you have to be comfortable with
your Billy
whether it's big or it's small because
the bump sure are you ready to learn how
to twerk honey are you ready are you
ready do I decide again are you ready
wait what are you watching you need to
learn this how come you watch it stop
listen
just not when you twerk you have to make
yourself known so you got you know if
there's a wall or thing you'll need to
meet a wall which is imagined as a wall
here so your arms are going to air like
that okay
but eventually you like that that's wine
so you're flying okay like oh you've got
to be able to move your neck like that
so before you before you begin kind of
exercise your neck a little bit okay
like just make sure it's flowy okay
because we don't make is flowy your hair
just naturally goes with it okay like
this
yeah so step one put the hands in there
- line your neck okay step 3
you got the hands in the net down we'd
only sent three say three in but you do
that and scepter is up in your name
bring your name their uni you've got to
give it a little shimmy shake okay
it don't matter be much which I owe that
time so it's like twice should be shut
okay okay so then after you shimmy shake
- me you really got to get into it
because it's like a warm-up okay on it
up right to warm it up and get your
really good answer oh so you got my
money right I asked you if you have my
money I didn't ride all the way from a
level to come here ah excuse me my
classes aren't for free what I'll not
see this is unacceptable
I'll see what's your next unique excuse
me what's your name I'm going to report
you
ah hell not be my money I'm giving you
some valuable information right now
honey
what is your my money well you know what
don't ever call me again now better
never see you using my tactics okay oh
no she she she's out the building well I
hope I was able to teach a few of you
how to twerk admit I'm a little while
right I know I probably Drive captain
crazy Andale I know how she gets older
I'm about to be embarrassing her a lot
I'll be one of those dads that picks her
up from school wearing a costume telling
you right now we'll be like Oh her
friends are gonna be like instead it was
gonna be like that's my dad and that's
just the way I am that's how God made me
and I'm probably the happiest person in
the world and I have one piece of advice
for you guys for today's video no matter
what always be you people are going to
hate people are going to judge but at
the end of the day as long as you're
happy that's the only thing that should
matter that's it are I'm hungry like
this for those who follow me on snap you
guys know we eat this just about every
day
let's see what they have here I usually
go with the breakfast croissant or the
breakfast burrito fire and of course you
got to get the best apple juice in the
world but I'm gonna be honest best thing
about that place is that it's cheap as
hell you can get like four burritos
three croissants and two apple juices
for like $10 oh and another thing before
we continue on with this video I just
want to say thank you to everyone out
there who told L to get well soon for
those who do not know what I'm talking
about l has been teething like crazy for
the last two weeks her molars are coming
in so she hasn't been feeling well but
as you guys can see she's back to her
normal self and she's still a much
better hopefully she'll be back to
filming and she'll be the crazy princess
she is thank you
we got to get home I'm over your tail
and here goes Katherine's burrito whoo I
love you so much
daddy's home is my princess there's my
princess ha ha ha yes I got you food you
want to see us in here I'm gonna see
what I got you mm-hmm okay you handle it
in mm-hmm yeah be careful is hot okay
I'm gonna feed it to you okay guys well
lively wants to be in the camera show
yourself here show yourself
hey family my teeth have been hurting me
but I feel better I feel way better now
because I've been nursing forever
what are you showing them the phone what
are you showing you get your big eye oh
hey Stanley I'll come back to your
channel guys what's going on everybody
so we're super excited about today
because we're going to a really special
meeting today that has to do with us
giving back to the community and doing a
charity so next week we will be
releasing new merch so makes you stay
tuned because we're coming up with some
dope t-shirts for you guys like Kathryn
mentioned the proceeds will go to
charity we've actually been planning on
doing a charity for a couple of months
now we've actually asked you guys for
some of your opinions on which charity
we should do so we finally picked the
perfect one so right now we're ready to
go we're going to go meet up with CCO
the company just to kind of give us a
better understanding of the organization
so that we can explain it better to you
guys so we're going to be doing that in
an upcoming video probably next week
there so next week we will be releasing
t-shirts for you guys next week
you guys can purchase our new t-shirts
and I do want to point out that this
chair
it means a lot to me and can't wait to
explain it to you guys and show you why
when we release a t-shirt so make sure
you stay tuned as always once we do
release it the link will be in our
description so come on fine can take a
picture of you real quick I gotta take a
picture of your beautiful outfit oh ho
ho ho you so beautiful
from the trolls ah beautiful that's my
girl
say cheese for me cheese smile Thank You
Vera of you beautiful and I'm not be
ready for a meeting come on let's go we
got to go to the meeting all right
family will see you after our meeting
and the meeting went terrific
okay I won't film you golly
Oh Jackie that is so sad a one-year-old
daughter knows that you've been through
hahahaha all right guys we just got back
home meeting went extremely well guys
you understand how excited we are for
you guys to get your t-shirts and for us
to be helping out the charity we learned
so much about the charity today and we
can't wait to share it with you guys so
the data we released the shirts we're
going to be introducing you to the CEO
of the charity which is really exciting
because he has a lot to say so
that will be cool so stay tuned for that
and not to mention on Friday this Friday
we'll be releasing new hats guys we
haven't released new hats and I don't
know how long it's been a while two
three weeks and maybe longer
yes but the Hat so we're going to be
releasing this coming Friday I actually
had said you guys have been requesting
yes so really excited about that is good
yeah I know a lot of people are going to
want this yeah yes so stay tuned for
Friday we'll be posting pics on the ACE
hat collection instagram so follow that
and if you're new to our channel the
link for merch is always in our
description so as you guys can see
Elle's hair looks crazy yeah at the end
of every day this now her hair looks
because she takes our pigtails out and
before we called out today's video guys
a YouTube family's about to come over
here I new friends and they have a
daughter like we do and she's two years
old
yep she's two years old and we're super
excited because I'll be meeting a new
friend well came any can any of you guys
guess who got YouTube family mess in
last night but she was sleeping and I
was like going to her stroller and
trying to wake her up and yeah today
they get to me can any of you guys guess
who it is
comment below who you think the YouTube
family is Oh princess he writing me a
new friend are you ready to meet a new
friend yeah yeah some kids you're gonna
give her a hug and a kiss yeah okay you
so sweet all you giving them a hug
you stay giving the a family kisses ah
they're here oh this is here wait whose
baby is that
whose baby what do you know she's going
to do your role excuse me
you're touching my daughter's toys
you're cute but wait what why she going
through your stall you don't know you
guys are friends
what are you going on wait do you guys
know each other in like a past life or
something why you're cool oh my god oh
thank you you guys guys control your
kids all oh my god get out of here
cheese's
just kidding for those who do not know
this is Penelope this is brandy this is
Luis hey hey oh oh oh give up this eat
all smell be you on candy okay this is
it oh thank you brain
sure yeah
you like that say thank you say thank
you
I didn't ask me about her kisses give me
life and just so you guys know whenever
we're in this position I always grab on
her booty oh my gosh oh it really does I
like single time it will never sound
like position your Elmont really
sometimes is doing and I'm trying to say
something spirit I can't get it out like
the longest intro or the longest outro
ever so have you guys weren't aware that
was Brandi and her family the cutest
family ever asked to choose a locum so
they just got into town in LA where we
live and we're going to be spending some
time together
Penelope they doing son stuff are guys
that is it for today's video before we
close out this video we do have to give
our notification shelf and I had the
perfect person so let me tell you
something a little story really really
quick I don't know boba so the other day
I was at Sephora and group of girls came
up to me and they asked for pictures so
I was talking to them and one of them
told me that they had a friend that's a
big fan of ours and so I FaceTime her
and she was like oh can you please do a
notification shout out to her her
birthday's on July 11th if you
remembered yesterday and I remembered
that so I'm going to go get my phone and
get her name and shout her out for today
because I remember that and I've been
wanting to do that and stay home in
Philly and go get that whole bit
hmm I love it so today's post a
notification goes to Natalie Fidel and
her birthday was yesterday July 11th so
shout out to you we love you schatzi you
girl thank you so much for having
powerful indication turned on whoever
else like a post indication shout-out
you already know what to do just turn on
our post indications and comment
win and like me and my beautiful Queen
always safe we'll be back for more video
P
