don't kiss them relax hey what's going
on everybody so a lot of you have been
waiting for today's video for those who
don't know Katherine lost a bed that was
cut on camera
and one of our previous blogs and not to
mention she also lost another bit coming
back home from Washington so since I
lost one of her beds and she dared me to
do something which was painting my
toenails for those who didn't get a
chance to see that video and don't go
check it out no do go check it out
well since she lost one of my bits I
will be daring her to face one of her
greatest fears for those who do not know
Katherine is scared of anything scary
you know the life scary movies I used to
love state machine I don't like them
anymore she doesn't like being scared
she doesn't like scaring people anything
that has to do with scariness I don't
like it I don't like it can't involve
her so today I will be daring Katherine
to wear this mask you ugly and scary
circle does that creepiest thing ever
and she has to scare some people in a
few different locations are you rubbing
my hair like that I'm sure we all agree
that scaring people is kind of invasive
right so in order for us to be somewhat
undercover I have to wear something
myself because while I'm filming
Katherine I can't be seen so this is
what I'm going to wear so people don't
recognize me
they can Thank You Maggie I want to be
bigger than your baby things are later
of any of you are wondering my name is
on Geneva for short you can call me
auntie Janine so yes a family this is
who I'll be disguised and this is for
Catherine will be disguised as only
pretty interesting because like I said
Catherine is going to be facing one of
her greatest fears so I'm very curious
to see how she's going to do this story
y'all ready to enjoy the show
whether you're ready to scare a few
people so make sure you keep watching
are you guys ready to see the sexiest
scary person you've ever seen we see our
first victim
our second victim
number
mmm
we got you give you something I'm sorry
guys the Katherine she's not taking is
there very seriously
if it were me I'll be scaring people out
of their pantyhose it'd be scaring him
to death
the Katherine you know she's the
cautious type worrying about the kids
and shit I'm fucking like there
how do whatever it takes to scare much
no but for real guys were just you know
it's concerned about the public and we
don't want to harm anyone especially
kids so hopefully I understand that I
shouldn't know you were gonna be done in
greatest cancer money
if it were me I'll be like but this is
Katherine this is how captain's gives
people where she goes where you know if
I were to scare somebody be a rock and
ignite huh panty hose
eunuch the question a family about to
show you how to real experience money
look see what we do it watch sake now oh
my god guy she's right there I'd only as
you can see as well cuz I got two new
windows let me zoom in home
I keep it right there I'm going to go in
scared breath
we're not the ascribe we can use this
footage though she was about to be crazy
literally not ready ready yeah ready
oh my gosh
she ready saw
oh yeah yes I know that one was a sale
but this next one I'm playing okay I'm
scaring you I'm scaring you and I'm dare
you
Oh
kidding guys security keeps on I can't
just slip in we're safe now we're in the
car away from everybody
I'm sorry guys we have to cut this video
short sorry for those people who aren't
happy with this video guys this is a lot
harder than we saw like we didn't want
to scare any kids we didn't want to go
to jail we didn't want to get a new
trouble guys harder than we intuitive
this is so hard
and I suggest no one try this at home
this is just not it's not safe but in
the day we'll try anything today Sam
wait the security guy oh no those who
securities are chasing us all over who
don't like there is a guy came up to the
fuse like you guys can't be doing this
like we heard there's a clown and that's
always a red flag we're into like four
different places and yeah and it was
literally all a fail because every time
we saw someone coming there was a kid
and there's no way that I would ever
scare anyone in front of a kid and we
also didn't want to scare any of the
elderly so pretty much we didn't want to
scare anybody
yeah there's learn like nobody we can
scare but end of the day it all was a
dare so as long as she got to scare one
person and I did I just care one day
she's got one person so none of you were
like yeah it's hard to scare people
publicly everybody actually they're all
tough and shit and then they saw the
camera and I see you at the wig on all
bad end of the day just know that we try
we tried our best to entertain you guys
we try our best to scare someone always
always will we try my I saw the Dare
so so much you could give it a thumbs up
hey I'm like hot and sweaty go by the
way another thing too is it's a freaking
106 degrees outside
you guys I realize I'm literally wearing
all blue and exam week I can't but I'm
still wearing this wig like yeah I like
it was kind of nice this used to be
Catherine's wig when I was mine for
entertainment purposes Nanami
so before we close out today's video we
have to give her a notification shout
out today to who dalia vlogs with an Z
at the end and she said literally took
the longest a bathroom break here at
work to watch this I love you guys I see
we love you so much
Xiao Qi girl thank you so much for
having our pulse on the cases turned on
whoever else like a pulse indication
shoutout
all you have to do is turn on our pulse
on vacations and comment when done so
obviously guys if you like this video
got to give a thumbs up like comment
share and subscribe and like me and my
beautiful scary Queen always say
we'll be back with more real we'll be
back with more videos
