someone told me download things don't
exist in my life today hey Sanjay
welcome back to town guys what's going
on everybody you guys are probably
wondering what the title means so I
think I've Noel is a year old now and we
actually weren't even vlogging when she
was born so we never got to vlog
wonderful experience and my pregnancy
and of the birth is Bob so if you're
wondering if I was there when L was born
yes I was there but I wasn't there if
you know what I mean
so then the room hold it on the
captain's hand the whole entire time but
the thing is I was away from the scene I
was up by her head when you're cold all
right I didn't get to see the actual
birth but once they lifted a bit up in
the air once it lifted in the air and
then that's when I started seeing
everything else in other words all
sensitive to the actual birth and I
don't blame him because I guess for a
guy's kind of traumatizing and I've been
trying to get him to watch this for
literally like a whole entire year and
it's funny because I've asked him to
watch it and use this like now he
doesn't want to see it is those people
who actually like know me know me like
my family members of stubble you all
know how scary I am when it comes to
stuff like that
I feel like going to call me for rest of
my life even though it's part of life
it's a beautiful thing
and I'm finally agreeing to it because I
feel like every dad every father unpair
should witness this like I said it's a
beautiful thing it's part of life and I
should want to see my princess actually
be more and it's going to make me
appreciate women that much more like
women do not get enough credit for what
they go through but trust me I give all
the credit to you guys and I'm hoping
after I watch this video I'll be able to
our next child actually being born so on
the day of the actual delivery Austin
was obviously there'd on my side and
then his mom was there as well and she
was the one who was filming the entire
delivery choose about so the way of this
building and John is very invasive and
it's something that I wouldn't want to
out there obviously for the world to see
so it's only going to be for his eyes
and I'm going to be showing him the
actual video and I'm going to be
reacting to it yeah so the video is
actually about I think it's about 15
minutes long all together there's like
different clips so you're going to be
seeing the actual video where she's
actually coming into the world so the
actual footage I have in my phone
currently is there's several clips and
so the actors delivery the part where I
was actually pushing laughs and about I
think like about 10 minutes or so so
what I'm going to do is I'm going to
check my phone right now I haven't seen
this in a while now so I'm going to look
at my phone see which part is it when
she's actually coming out into the world
so I'm going to get about a minute of
that and then I'm going to let often
watch it so I decided I'm going to have
often watch the minute of hereford and
what I decided was that awesome chance
take his eyes off of the screen for the
entire time since when do this are done
and I think again if they're good
looking like to the very cool laughter
whenever you're looking around you're
trying I said I'm going to try my best
to keep my eyes focused if I look away
I'm sorry
so like I said this is a very graphic
very invasive video of the whole birth
but I think that you should definitely
see it and again I've been trying to get
awesome to watch this for a year
oh you ask you know every single day
yeah then do you want to the video so
precious just punches
I literally can't believe you're not
actually going to watch this
anything polite you need to wash it down
oh my god this is so crazy this tutorial
authority video yeah it is actually good
American for me it's just a lot into one
oh this one's 39 I can okay wait I'm
sorry so the three minutes inserting
Mike what are your Chloe like okay
really hit fast forward is there any way
I could just like listen to it first
oh no you might want to watch the whole
three minutes what
yeah the whole three minutes because
yeah because you actually see everything
going on oh hey savor the volume on I'm
going on so you're actually going to be
watching a little over two minutes too
long
no it's not good just like a typical at
the gist of it now you have two
wonderful two minutes oh sorry it's like
a mirror images
okay okay this is a May 28th of 2016 at
4:52 p.m. and this is two minutes two
and a half minutes or else one console
area is there anything you want to tell
me and family pray for me
okay I should be I see the one in a
while even see it should come one let's
go you guys I just got to show us me to
run themselves it's gotta go you got it
show him okay you gotta go can you watch
it really for the brightness up it's
already bright a finger are you ready oh
you ready you just gotta listen to do it
do it do it do it
I get scared
basically you have to watch the whole
thing you can do laughs come on get the
focus on I watch it okay I'm going to
try one watch it too I mean I'm a
wholeness and the view is hard
I don't like stuff like this okay but
you're seeing your baby no no no no all
right you ready good wait what do it -
Mike stop
I think I should play each other put it
work
she paused it right on on the seat okay
baby Sam in there that's like this
various like a couple seconds in our
hands we hang out just push it out we
just gotta push it out baby
don't don't don't do it slow motion I'm
trying I'm sorry I'm trying but I'm
really trying to pay okay
come on come on let's go let's do this
you cannot watch it yes yes yes we get
to watch a little pain aromas keep pinky
pinky
oh good oh god fuck what I watch it what
I can I can take it what I hope you
watch then why did you make clear juice
can be seen oh we're not done get it all
over and look how much color on all
right
thank you for that football-loving for
that can be eaten with a backside it no
is that bad
you knew you were there it was out there
all right what about a minute
right fellas out there if your woman had
gone through birth I'm gonna need you
right now to turn to her to go to her to
be next to her and tell her how much you
love her and how much you appreciate her
because what I just seen right now those
if you didn't get to see what I seen
please go see that he regret watching it
is it as bad as you guys know that's
work for ya yes what do you think it was
like a yes that would be happy right now
hey know anything my labor was my total
labor was about 12 hours she killed it
she like beef molded it I'm in shock
right now for the women out there it and
for the women out there all making you
guys can't witness that because you're
not able to look down at that you got
too much going on it's time so please
have someone film the whole thing so you
can go back and watch it because even if
it's an hour you don't have anyone to
film it for you definitely get a nervous
or someone or friends to film it because
that's like literally what life is all
about is giving me a reason having
children I know they just look at me
watching this - the best kind of respect
so if I mostly we should be freaked out
because all mom knows like I will never
yet - yeah I can talk today I asked him
again after I've been asking him for an
entire year to watch it and his mom was
like you so have you seen little months
okay I told them I will never see it I
know we're going to be having another
child so taken to watch it I'm going to
have to watch
for sure a family we're going to make
sure we catch our next clemency so we
can share that with you and delivering
part of the Builder and all everything
but a little bit of it is most of it
thankful for that up in the exciting
yeah we don't have any videos oh this is
so crazy guys like we've never even met
God he put it out yeah I think it's a
witness ill being born which is crazy
because you guys have known her ever
since she was little so for you guys to
the next one that's like big for us yeah
as a family thank you everyone who tuned
in as always before we pull up this
video we do have to get our notification
shop today to who
oh wait I have somebody today I have to
give this young gentleman a shout-out
today because last night I was in need
of a stars account so trying to get my
shelf power poppin and he came through
with his star council I appreciate you
bro his name is can shops you can be 14
years old you don't do he supports us
eat perlier's enemy thank you so much
both problem their poster indications
turned on Sheltie obviously if you liked
this video give it a thumbs up like
comment share and subscribe guys a lot
of you guys are just watching our videos
and aren't liking and are definitely not
commenting so what's going on and like
me and my beautiful Queen always sex
we'll be back with my videos too
