someone's over so moved on echidna my
life today hey stem yeah come back to
town guys what's going on everybody
so today is a very special day to me
because I'm going to be reprising
because I'm going to be surprising
someone that I love very much so for
those who have been watching our videos
and for those who are part of the 8th
family you might have seen my brother
who was introduced a couple of months
ago I think back when L was like 6
months old he came to visit for the
first time in a while so for those who
don't know my brother he's 24 years old
and we're best friends
we literally grew up together we've been
through it all together and my brother
is one of those people that is good at
everything literally he's there's other
things huh well torture or real crime
Chinese John brennick oh shit yeah I'm
really crying ah ok so growing up I
always saw Ryan as the smart kid they're
extremely smart brilliant good at
everything kid with glasses he has his
big big blue eyes and he's always worn
glasses I'm gonna tell you guys a little
story so growing up Ryan and I were born
and raised in Montreal and growing up he
would always draw he would always paint
and so I remember one time I died
actually got him like a canvas and he
started painting around eight years old
and I'll never forget he was actually
selling some of his paintings in cafes
and in subways and stuff and people were
actually buying them because they were
they were literally so amazing and he
was such a young kid and he was so
inspired by just art in general and he
was always good at everything
long story short I don't want to get too
much into it but Ryan moves back to the
United States to live with me my mom and
he took his glasses for the very first
time I don't want to embarrass him our
knees
but I think he did it because he wanted
to fit in more with like the crowd and
like the kids here in the US so he took
his glasses off and I don't think I ever
saw him wear glasses ever again after
and then his vision slowly started to
get worse and worse after some time
there was a point where Ryan and I
actually started living together again
and I was like hey like are you going to
get your glasses like what's going on I
noticed that you're always squinting
look into the eye doctor and we found
out that he actually started progressing
and getting keratoconus the doctors were
telling him that there is no way that he
can get prescription glasses anymore
because his um the levels in his eyes
would change like dramatically like
every day and so if you couldn't wear
any contacts and couldn't wear any
glasses and so basically what they were
saying was that there was really no way
to fix the issue because of the shape of
his eye so the shape of his I kind of
bulges out a little what happens is with
keratoconus and I'm like not very like I
don't know everything about keratoconus
I do know that with time you start to go
blind so for the past couple of years um
Ryan has been kind of like depressed and
basically a Ryan says that he's been
robbed from his life because he can't
like see like he sees very blurry and
the way he describes it is you know when
you took a picture and it's blurry or
like when you're you know when you take
a picture and it's blurry and you're
like you delete it
well he sees that he constantly seasons
blur he said that I've been robbed from
my life because I can't see I can't meet
people look at them in the eyes I can't
he's like I'm pretty much it's pretty
much blind crazy thing is like he has
done such an amazing job like pushing
through it and still like trying to
pursue his dream which is art and he's
like the best artist that probably
anyone has ever seen in any realism he's
that talented so for him to be able to
still draw with barely being able to see
is unreal I've literally asked him
unlike Ryan tell me how you drew this
and he was like Catherine I can't tell
you God is holding my hand yes I doing
that for me
because he said that he was I can't see
after he's done drawing how little this
what he does he says that there's a way
that he missed positions I li can see a
little better
he'll randomly see him like this like
this that's how you see yeah that's how
he does it I'm gonna get right into it
Ryan's dream is to get the surgery and
the surgery is done by this doctor who
actually invented the surgery his name
is Brian Walker here in Los Angeles and
he's been talking about him non-stop for
years Ryan Walker by Brian Walker I have
to go to see Brian Locklear like you see
he always says that he's like one day
I'm going to get the surgery the surgery
is so expensive that Ryan knows it's
going to take time for him to save up to
get to surgery exactly what I'm trying
to say is I've been trying to help him
for the past couple of years to get his
surgery and nothing's really worked
we've tried to GoFundMe we've tried
different different things but as you
guys now Austin and I we enjoy and love
to help people like that is our dream to
continue to do that and Ryan is
obviously the first person who I would
always help and I've been doing
everything possible to help him
throughout my entire life Ryan I've
always put him first and you've always
been there for me and I've always been
there for him and so I knew in my heart
that eventually I would help him with
the surgery so today is a day that I
will be surprising Ryan and letting him
know that I got the surgery and that his
surgery his exam is tomorrow
and then his surgery is a day after
tomorrow soon as we get on with this
intro we're actually going to be picking
him from the airport he lands in a few
hours
and we'll be bringing him back to the
house and surprised him with the big
news Oh Ryan had no idea
literally you thinks he's just coming
here to visit um he hasn't seen Ellen
like six months so she's growing up so I
wanted him to come and see her and
whatnot so that was
like my excuse even though it's true but
that was kind of like an excuse to get
him over here and yeah if they're going
through a lot lately and every time I
talk to him on the phone he's really low
very DEP guys
today he will receive like life-changing
news like this right here is literally a
dream come true literally been talking
about this for years like years he's
been talking about how this will changes
this will literally change his life and
it's it's everyday like it's an everyday
thing it's not just you know his art and
what he loves to do it it's literally
just like an everyday thing he wakes up
and he's like I can't see and there's
nothing you can do about it like
Catherine mentioned she's been planning
this for months and ever since we got
him to surgery we've been trying to hold
it in without telling him or telling
someone name itself
tell him so nailed it but today is today
like this is so crazy
so guys you gotta stay tuned so the plan
is to go pick them up in the airport
bring them back to the house we try to
think of the most creative way possible
to let them know what I was just saying
hey Ryan we got you the eye surgery so
what we're going to do is we're going to
write we have a big mirror on the living
room and we're going to write on the
mirror Congrats we got you the eye
surgery or I just put ice surgery I just
put a surgery or something like that Oh
which is going to make him go up to the
mirror and actually have to like see
exactly what he sees it he's gonna freak
out you know in any stapling who's ready
to surprise him with us
a family are you ready let's go change
someone's life
all right guys we're about to figure out
where I'm from the airport bring them
back to the house let them know we got
some exciting news to tell them and then
we're going to tell them to read what's
on the mirror
all right a family we just got to the
airport Ryan just landed in the thing
we're just filming a vlog like it's a
regular day but little does he know his
life is not to be changed
hey bro where are you I'm not six what's
it called
can you read can you read it what's it
called oh okay I'm I'm gonna come to you
I'm gonna come to you
bye this kid can't do shit man we got to
go to him he said he couldn't see
anything that's when I got a job
we why is he had another terminal and
another airline guys that's how you know
he can't see he walked five terminals
bail from his own look I see him look
look to the right look look look maybe
CFO's module
what are you worried look look look you
can't see the good thing you come the
icing I go go go go
look look
hurry Gideon bro you know how it is an
airport a be trying to rush you out
looking there you can see sit how do you
remember the wrong terminal
well how you been roll your eyes it
driving all the way bro we're gonna stay
like this the whole time on the way home
got our drive like this I got lost
oh where I got locked into shit oh I
couldn't see anything and then what
happened
congratulations finally here borrowing
lady hey why do I do it I got lipstick
eyebrow so why you're here what are your
plans what do you want to do um I want
to UM I want to find true love I want to
I really missed you dude I want thing
you know man you know name isn't the
ampulla was an airport like boarding but
a
pepperdoodle I don't know why I frog
somehow struck my consciousness why are
you so talented I don't know a man I
think God our guys must walk in the
house well we have something you want to
tell you how do you want to share we
want to show you tell you okay
we have somewhere the castle Rory okay
we have some exciting news for you can
you please uh sit down for a second sit
down with your big sister weird right
now
oh man you live alone all I have to say
is your sister has been planning this
for a very long time
and before I continue can you please go
read what's on the mirror yeah
psycho I'm not like why is something you
serious you know that right you want to
give you here to their sister to me why
you guys brought me here this is why bro
I knew something was weird 1 or Wi-Fi
was like weak in my knees on time or
disagree how do you feel bad take exam
is tomorrow at 125 undergo surgery yeah
yes I don't want to say what am I
supposed to say to this Thank You Willie
this is all camera or on camera I swear
on everything that rose like just you
guys are literally changing my life and
I've tried I've tried to do it I've
tried I've tried nest right which is so
much things I'm running here to use
there are those not about no animal you
guys are doing this because that will
help me
this box is trying so hard I feel like
this is like the best analogy of this
it's like you know how you go out
mudding with your friends like a truck
well Darien my truck you know like I go
in the mud and I just can't get the fuck
out okay here you come like what's your
car you put me out and I'm good to go
down you know all right guys we had to
tear it out and now we're able to pull
it together and talk to you guys
keratoconus and um what it is I'm sure
you guys someone you guys have it out
there but what is it that it starts it
on in the early twenties and what
happens with the coordinator that is
just starts to like bulge out and so
like everything starts getting distorted
and blurred to the point that you might
need coral transplants which is what
they did back then there just don't come
with keratoconus and there's two like
let's just waiting to you need to kill a
coral transplant which is basically
saying this wait till you get blind and
then we'll do cryogenics brownie but now
there's just versus there's his doctor
buy and walk later that he came out with
his new our procedure which was on
impacts and the cross-linking and in tax
cross-linking what it does is that it
freezes the the bulging so now you don't
have to wait till you get fully blind to
get discourage the surgery now I would
exercise are going to put like little
plastic rings inside the cornea and
that's kind of sliding out what's what's
bulging and it's just kind of make me
clear again I guess and I know that the
people are watching is that no me
personally I know you guys know how much
this has impacted me and you know this
is literally what I've been web and cry
about like Townsend nice like for years
and it's firing here this should fit you
guys it's filing here um and now I guess
I'm just gonna have to really prove to
everyone that this really was what would
help me back in my art and every salmon
thing about it I'm an artist gains his
eyes to do artery tomorrow he has an
appointment for what of it the exam and
then the next day well tomorrow as they
examine and they're going to assign him
the appointment for the next days for
that morning and then he had one at one
of the top four pm one is actual surgery
the actual surgery is the day after
tomorrow
yes this mine just get the exam simply
the great thing is you get to witness
the craziest thing is a family is you
guys are like that yeah we're that
couple one up for asking called the a
slappable if you able to slap a guy on
his add your competin oh if you're a
sizable you're compatible exactly so the
crazy gives a symbol that you guys get
to experience this with us and you guys
are part of the family so it's amazing
I'm speechless I just realized I want to
bring me watching this no it's a crazy
life all right all the fires our
supporters are like our actions family
like when you meet them in person you're
like holy shit like they're so cool like
there's much cool like you think this is
your friend right here but it's
analogous I'll extend and I can
feel the love I think feel the love guys
like we always say we appreciate
everyone who tuned in today obviously
you've got to give this video thumbs up
like like like like like it comment
share and subscribe we have so many more
great videos that's going to be
happening in the next few days that you
guys have to watch we're definitely
going to show you guys the journey of
Ryan getting the surgery and can be able
to see properly for the very first time
but even an even see marriage so they
kind of get a gist of like what this'll
Kylie it's like Allah oh I got actually
have a picture of me next and next to it
in the next one is be Tom if you do not
know how great my artist Ryan is we're
just going to show you a sample of what
his talent is this is this thing even
like focusing oh yeah they can see it
and that right there is literally
life-size as you can see you can see his
head is as big as the person's lips hi
guys
obviously like this video comment share
and subscribe and like me and my
beautiful queen hi and my scene brother
over here yet to be singing yesterday
yet he yes shit I always say we'll be
back with more videos P
