someone told me about a system or like
we say times hey Stan man welcome back
your channel man what's going on
everybody
hi she got the hater blockers on
laughing hey hi a family hates banana
beautiful say hi hi hi family say hi
yeah alright so before you guys watch
today's video I suggest you go watch the
last video don't watch it no one's good
one
oh thank you is a family get one game
kisses OH
and she made a party participated look
at me look at the lips on the street oh
my god alright guys so today L said she
gonna be taking us somewhere where she
wants to go where you want to go baby
where you want to go you don't want to
tell ya you want toget yet not giving
away free kisses ya say keep watching to
find out where I'm taking my parents hey
I love you
so I guess L got tired of us making
plans so today she made plan
hey are you ready to go yeah you ready
sorry daddy we'll see you later
I'm gonna go pick you up okay bye you
family what the
I just want to leave me well guys I
guess we'll um see you in a few
you guys ready what the wait how am I
gonna fit in there I can't fit Wow Lu
will leave me out mine I'll just walk
let's go yeah see me rolling hey you
trying to get me trying to get back hey
oh you better stop opening that door
honey that's unsafe keep that door shut
mama
too hot out here my girls has left me my
girls have left me look at this doodle
and we have finally made it guy high for
let's just park look at Ella clapping
she's like we make it was just Park over
here has a parking spot right here in
between the handicapped and somebody
else's lot here we go it's perfect let
me set the alarm on it just in case
someone tries to steal it
mm-hmm that's not a bad parking spot
right there IG PS we'll see when we get
back where's my girl where's my girl
there's my girl princess you ready to
jump let's go get our wristbands come on
the school for your jumper thoughts on
but daddy socks are you ready you ready
you ready that's still asleep
wait what
you going by yourself yes a big girl
you're a big girl baby don't ever joke
go go yeah yay
I'll see you doing it by yourself yeah
member your big girl yeah baby
hahaha don't daddy come already glad
mommy flip flip okay Cheerilee Nana ha
ha ha look at these socks though you
tried to upload with the camera whoa
whoa whoa
oh so you're Taiwan do
you like it
what oh it's so late so let other people
try it come on let's go come on baby
come on come on come on there there she
wants to stay in there jump in with her
go baby go baby go
and jump over all you guys all right
wheat went over there well let's not get
back in get back in jump jump jump
look how she gets off the bed go ahead
here you got it glad you got it you got
it
Ella's obsessed the ball pit pickup
kissing the blocks honey
germs no germs nah no gotta go you ready
ready we can't take that home telex I
want to leave that alone they'll throw
it inside well you have to put the phone
back in the pit thank you thank you put
it back
thank you baby put it back go it in
there
thank you on to the basketball for
Moscow so what you got very soon which
we got give me a slam dunk slam dunk hey
turn dancer high it is high and to the
late lady I try it
my girls go hey you girls doing you guys
sleeping
Hey
ah girls love me and they made me drive
it back I'm going about two point two
thousand
oh I think jeeps keys just died please
don't do this to me right now
JC don't do it to me right now what's
wrong with you why aren't you starting a
family who's been to Sky High before if
you've been coming below that was our
first time as a family or a lot of some
of you you're interested in even going
down because you saw how fun it is
exactly as you can see L loves it like
so we'll be going there often and all
that to say is make sure you stay tuned
for next video so you follow me on
snapchat you might have noticed that a
couple of months ago I snapped something
along the lines of I have news and I'm
so excited to share it and I haven't
been able to share that in a couple
months I thought I was going to be able
to do it a lot sooner but the day is
tomorrow and so we're really excited
about it it's something that is very
personal and like very close to my heart
and it's just crazy that I'm even able
to do this so I'm really excited for
that and it's life-changing
yeah it's really life-changing and we
can't yeah we can't wait to share it
with you guys
honestly but you guys are obviously a
part of our family and we want to be
able to share everything with you being
able to share this moment with you guys
tomorrow means the world to us because I
Canton said she's been trying to do this
I mean I've been keeping it a secret for
so long that it's to the point where I
like but just just being able to do it
you've been playing for a while yeah and
I've been planning this I've been
planning it for a couple months I've
been wanting it or wanting to do it for
a couple years
kanae tuned for next video makes you
have your notifications on be checking
your phone be checking your computers
and just be ready
yeah and be ready to watch that because
and if you watch it make sure you watch
the whole video because this is one of
those videos where you're going to
you're going to be intrigued for the
moment you start watching it so just
make sure that when you do watch it that
you're able to watch the whole video
however long it is because you're
you're going to have your popcorn ready
your Doritos go get us a Chipotle
burrito or some and watch the whole
video alright so stay tuned for that so
before we close out today's video we do
have to give our notification shoutout
to but this time is going to be
different like catherine i mentioned in
the past we're going to be picking a few
of our subscribers a few of our eight
family members each month to be giving
one of our hats to for those who don't
know Catherine and I on our own hat
business so for example here's a hat can
you put it on if you want to do
someone's hat we own our own hat
business I'll put the Instagram right
here a sack collection follow that but
also don't know we have a bunch of
different hats I can promise you you'll
like at least one of them so today shout
out person will not only receive a shout
out but will also receive one of our
hats so our shadow person today goes to
judge al Perez fourteen shout out to you
bro thank you so much for having our
notifications turned on and always
showing us love and support so if you
haven't already received a message from
us just be on the lookout for that
because we are going to be sending you a
message
asking you for your address and whatnot
and then you just all used to do is let
us know which hat from the website that
yeah you can pick any hat you want from
a website and we'll send it to you so
whoever else would like a post
implication shout-out or have a chance
to receive one of our hats all you have
to do is obviously subscribe our channel
turn on our postal vacations and always
show love and support you know comment
like all us on all social media
platforms and it's that easy so
obviously we will be picking several
people every month so you didn't get a
chance to win this time you might next
time and we'll always be giving pulse
notifications shut up to the end of our
video so have our post notifications
turn them alright guys well obviously if
you liked this video give it a thumbs up
like comment share and subscribe before
I continue I've noticed that a lot of
you are watching the video but not give
it a thumbs up a lot of you guys aren't
liking and a family does not like that
so guys make sure you like comment share
and subscribe and like me and my
beautiful queen my sexy Queen and then
Kate always say we'll be back with more
videos
