someone told me never saw
please don't exist in my life these days
but you showed me if I
just find the fit I need to believe
anything is possible if you wanna pass
look this guy high-test your limit
feeling incredible most there I can see
I'm sorry
hey guys what's going on everybody
why even stay here last night
who is that who is that somebody cooking
oh it's raw minutes breakfeast
yeah I mean since you guys don't you
move in I might as well do something to
help around the house we do bro I got
you guys hey thank you so much we got
the eggs we got the football toast and I
got two smoothies for you guys hey he's
say thank you alright guys so obviously
it was just a fun little skit but I do
want to give a shout to rock for
actually cooking for us he's actually
not bad I have to hire him as our new
chef so we should hire Ruggles our new
chef okay all right guys so rug just
went to Starbucks
he should be yeah he said he's gonna get
you something so since he's not here at
the moment I figured why not pull a
little prank on him guys you know I
always tell you I prank the people I
love
ah okay so I know he just made his
breakfast he's a really nice guy and all
but like I always say I prank the people
I love and if he's here at the a smelly
house he has to get pranked trust me
this was about to go down let me stand
up this ever since rug has been here I
made sure that he parked his Lambo in
the garage because if you park your car
on the streets that shit will get true
so I was thinking so when he gets back
I'm going to keep this front gate shut
so his only option is to park on the
street and you and I know what's gonna
happen from there a family we're gonna
act like his new Lamborghini his baby
just got told you ready to get his ass
get this video thumbs up right now Oh
guys guys I hear him I know I hear pull
it up pull it up hey check this the gate
was open oh yeah Rosina where's he gonna
park oh yes yes
bark bark bark bark tomorrow yes yes who
is that
no don't ruin it don't really make it
out of there get out of here who is that
don't ruin it go all right guys I'm
waiting to get out of his car oh he's
coming he's coming he's got guys I see
back at you
Bevin I may just die here I told you got
you something don't do it
why how come no tell me why give me one
reason why give me one reason why other
than he's nice he's too nice to prank is
that white yeah yeah why no lo tell me
why we have to get his ass whoever's a
party selling we prank right we prank
the people we love right okay exactly
all right guys I've been waiting all day
to pull this prank on rug you've been
trying to film all day long and rug has
been like what are you guys I thought
you weren't a part of this and listen
drugged literally film an entire video
today he just finished editing and we've
been waiting to pull this prank on him
for like four or five hours and he's
finally in the shower right now so we
have to do it right now yeah right now
is the perfect opportunity
all right guys like to sneak in the room
and try to find these keys without him
knowing
keys
so you want to move his car
I'm not freakin touching dr. Lu and move
his car okay you wanna move his car
okay you go drive it you go pull the
prank on him give me the key back I'll
do it come here let me do it you want to
do it you want to do it all right
Babbitt L says she's gonna do it you're
right you're right hurry up hurry up
guys this is so wrong but I have to do
it to him
goddamn this cars beautiful what the
hell does boy got a ticket so hopefully
he doesn't hear this cuz this car's loud
as hell when you start it all right so
where should we park it today I'm just
gonna Park it right here away from the
house
see look is that you to read the sign no
parking toll away alright guys better
hurry up freaks out a shower
he's down the batter
alright guys now it's time to storm in
there act like his shit just got 'told
are y'all ready
row row row your car does got towed
oh shit your car bro I swear did you
park it right there what you didn't read
the signs nobody read the sign you
didn't tell me
whoa there's signs all over the place it
just got totally bright now it just
letting this roll because I've never
seen this shit happen to a Lambo okay
let's go chase it down then or something
oh we're being serious right now I'm
dead-ass bro
I should just left could have told me
not department that's why I've been
telling you to park your car in the
garage because of that shit okay bye I
didn't know the geek
the number bro it's closed it's closed
on Fridays bro I took your key when
you're in the shower I just moved it
down the street bro you're good your
baby is safe and sound you might be able
to see it now you can't see it like go
to the tow place and get my car back I
was like why is he recording that me
alright guys so since the rug is
officially part of Hayes family you know
we had to prank his ass we prank the
people we love alright guys so since rug
isn't actually moving in I'm going to
try to convince him to move close to us
there's a house being built up on that
hill I'm not sure if you guys can see it
I'm gonna zoom in for you guys brand-new
house and I'm going to try to convince
him to move right across so we can be
neighbors so we're gonna go over there
check out the house hopefully he likes
the house so we could be neighbors not
be in the same room they'll be crazy
let's go check it out let's go check out
all right guys we just pulled up
hopefully we're able to check it out
there's a guy I know alright guys so the
guy that's trying to sell the house he's
actually a cool dude he's gonna let us
film so so this is the view right here
you can see there's one home there's a
second home and there's another lot for
sale so we're gonna check out the first
home over here we're gonna check out
this home right here first
go ahead bros your future house go ahead
well damn this is nice this is
right bro I love how open it is we hear
what we got over here private dear guys
this house is looking like shit oh I
like the glass what would you call that
like a little like oh yeah yeah yeah
like a loft got the kitchen bro look at
this kitchen
oh yeah this is dope the fireplace is
sick like it's so open another bedroom
whoa what have you seen my house on here
bro you can see my house from your
bedroom this is the master all clothes
dry clothes right all right go ahead
bro your bank would go right here
you literally wake up bro that's like a
Pinterest picture this is insane
alright so you're gonna check out the
bathroom
ja leo your closet okay two closets one
for your girlfriend one for you yo this
is nice you're gonna balcony is this a
party balcony
maybe you guys should get that house
everything Hey yeah we get out the view
literally wraps around the entire house
Wow
another bedroom over here closet
bathroom balcony all right guys so now
we're gonna check out the other home
supposedly it's even bigger got a
three-car garage definitely put your
Lambo in there so here goes the second
hole right here let's go take a look at
it supposed to be even bigger
so rug give your opinion about the first
home I think it's beautiful I don't
think anything to top it but all right
damn bro I love the layout look how it's
open
I like them joystick helm the fireplace
is so sick what we got here we got
laundry room private theater oh yeah oh
yeah this is nice this is the game room
over here
yes is bigger the last one let's check
out the backyard real quick yeah
infinity pool man this is nice this is
nice bro naughty stuff oh now it's time
to head upstairs I love all those glass
right here
it's so nice like glass everywhere guys
I think Ryan's gonna actually consider
buying this couples is the master
the dream oh yeah I leave closet OS
decent-sized - yeah oh yeah bro oh yeah
I'm not gonna lie I like the other view
in that other master bedroom
well this is still nice though still
instead of a view it's still nice forgot
about me oh wait there's two closets oh
this is her closet this is your thing
yo this view can never get old you know
these balconies are literally made for
parties I wonder what I would put up
here like couches I probably could TV
right there yeah like I already have it
in my head so I guess across the hall we
got two more bedrooms lead the up every
bedroom has a closet bathroom and view
so you think you know they even got
touch pad yeah you can make the music
all right bro so not you seen both homes
which one do you like more the first one
of the second the second one's bigger
but I personally like the first now
we're standing in front of right now
it's like it gives me more of like a
home vibe and it looks more modern and
the master bedrooms but so what are the
chances of you actually getting this
high alright guys so imma go ahead and
close out today's video right here I'm
gonna try to convince rug some more to
buy this damn house it's going for a
really good price so hopefully he gets
it who knows we might be neighbors so
before we close out today's video we do
have to give our pulse notification
shoutout to hoob Evan I mean today's
post notification shout-out goes to Joey
pine a shout-out to you bro thank you so
much for being a part of a family
whoever else like a post on vacations
shout out all you gotta do is subscribe
today's family hit that subscribe button
turn on our pulse on cases hit that Bell
button and once you do those two things
just comment done and obviously if you
liked today's video you've got to give
it a thumbs up give it a thumbs up if
you want rug to be the 8th family's
neighbor so like comment share and
subscribe and like me and rub always
safe we'll be back with more videos
