someone's already moved on a system or
like we say time hey welcome back to
your channel guys what's going on
everybody all right guys so today we're
going to be taking you guys with us to
go look at a couple of houses that we've
been really interested in we've been
looking at them online
and so today we're going to be doing a
couple of open houses we got my boy
Tanner here with us where he has back
seat right now he's going to be showing
us around to check out a few of the
houses so as some of you subscribers now
we recently moved into our latest home
the one that we're living in now a
couple of months ago so we're actually
already like starting the process of
looking into homes and stuff because we
don't want to do it last-minute
obviously when you buy a home you want
to make sure that it's like the perfect
home and everything's perfect in
neighborhood and so that's why we're
starting today but these houses that
we're going to be looking at today we're
super interested in and we couldn't be
more excited to take a look at them and
I just can't wait to move into a home we
really want a big backyard so L can just
go and explore and run all over the
place and we're also going to be having
more kids so it is going to be more
convenient for us so right now we're
just waiting for a listing agent to let
us in so make sure you guys stay tuned
because we're taking you guys with us
alright guys so we're going to showing
you the houses that we'll be taking a
look at today so here's the first
oh here serious oh wow no this is nice
oh they got a grill for daddy to cook
yeah what I think the biggest thing that
we're looking for when we buy a home is
a decent-sized backyard with the pool a
lot of space like really open inside the
house definitely want a gate in the
front yard and we have to have a big
closet for Katherine or not this is
where we're going to be filming so far
guys we'd like to tell us a lot sorry
guys we couldn't film the upstairs of
the house but overall we really liked it
it was just kind of too congested for us
the backyard was small the rooms were
small so we're about to be on our way to
check out the second house taken we are
now house number two I real open right
yeah welcome
Oh baby I know and guys you know we have
to have a big enough hole for a stamp
numbers just in case you want to give
you two have sleepover you know what are
we doing now
yeah for sure y'all looking for backyard
C this is D stop that yup oh you have a
tennis court
oh yeah I'll learn how to play tennis
just because of that I own that ball
court back here though that's what we
can do I love the kitchen
what is this little secret room oh this
would for sure be grandma's room grandma
if you're watching this vlog and we
consider this house this will be your
room on to the master bedroom
ooh whoa guys took a look at the second
house and mission a few things almost
perfect the master bedroom was a little
small not a big enough closet the
bathroom was small wasn't that the
backyard was nice we loved how open it
was so who knows we definitely like that
one but now we're on to house number
three which is my favorite house so now
we're on to house number three which
we're super excited about it I can't
wait all right
a family were at the final house oh shit
goddamn
are y'all ready to see my own yeah I can
already tell I'm going to be up sighs
sounds go oh my god already love it
Wow and this is nice of furnitures
already my taste to this one you can see
across the living room that's cool
hopefully I'm getting in the frame
because I'm looking around - oh my gosh
this here we get this way it even has a
gate for L know I'm moving it perfect
Oh God
literally I get it no way this is this
is awesome
Oh
Yoga Yoga you've never done yoga in your
life I think wait do not tell me do not
a theater oh shit baby I'm here
everything there yo L gonna be obsessed
guys I'm obsessed with this house Bevan
you ready go six yeah man this is nice
man Al's room for sure this is so nice
they even got a horse in here got a know
already from the back
awesome that's something bad fix it
please ban oh my god is so now you
better wake it up every morning
yeah Wow yeah Wow shut up shut up the
walkie oh yeah this is the whirring
better than the pictures this is nice
the bathroom where's the bathroom
oh my god his-and-hers hey booboo oh
damn huge shower I love it huge closet I
love it
wait another closet oh I love it
okay what what dog wait wait we're gonna
have twins
wait keeps going huh I don't know this
what is back here oh this is grandma's
room all right keep going to keep going
what is this all bad bad this is the
filming room this is definitely the
filming room all right as a mimic that's
really quick I'm actually looks wedding
right now because soo nervous but
basically often I was planning to see
these houses for a couple of days now
and this was actually the one that often
and I were like so freaking in love with
this house is amazing so what I did was
I contacted Tannen is a real terror
awesome friend ask them if there's any
way that she could like give me this
piece of paper that says that the
downpayment on how well obviously this
is like really cruel but I think it
would be so funny because he really
wants his house and I was thinking about
the time when he pretended he got me
that one car communication but real
quick I'm just going to show you what
Tanner printed for me so this is it is
it so I basically just states that I put
a down payment on the house and house
was sold so I'm going to be showing that
tossed and when we leave
wish me luck and there they are
he's like so happy oh my God look at him
all right he's coming so I'll be showing
this to him probably when we get out of
that so you get the sold sign thing and
then I'll give him this little key the
picker and we'll just tell him that we
put a dump in some awesome stuff up
there he's going to come down on that
side because he was looking at the pool
or he was getting something I don't
understand sold sign now you still talk
to the realtor right now take the paper
first for sure yeah he's not gonna know
yeah resolution pretty much all of that
we're gonna be buying someone so he has
to hold it for us for a few months for
real yeah I think about that a family
can you guys see us live in this house I
can so makes you stay tuned because we
could potentially your house already
Cairo the dark so you see how parents
coming
yeah okay so you know how like you've
been looking at the house every single
night and you're like it's my dream home
yes
no oh well this little yes
do not fail me right just did the paper
where Oh read the sign wait wait when
did you come here by name wait for real
bro come on girl yes room right now for
real
hey Emily Pharrell
Oh oh my god this is so crazy
okay I'll give you uh crazy
no protection papers a family you guys
do not understand like how happy how
blessed we are like I want to cry on
camera man this is so crazy guys I can't
thank you guys enough because this
moment would not be possible without you
guys like we are truly blessed to have
our ace family yo like this is my dream
house you don't understand like guys she
said I was looking this house every
night for the past like several months
like I can see us living here
my yard I got about what this is so
crazy
I feel I don't know how to feel like oh
my god is the dream come true
no what do we do we need to go home with
our packing now your bank what do you do
still kill me mm-hmm
hey family I'm getting a head start on
the package what are you laughing watch
you packing for packing husband what do
not tell me
what you are meeting you want me to save
a word Oh
buffer oh don't tell me this is a prank
for real yeah I'm sorry I'm sorry
come here give me a hug often
I'm sorry we're going to get that house
one day just not now Arlie doesn't even
end to like January
you got me so good well cry yeah I'm
sorry
it's okay we're going to get a house
like that soon yeah I know but damn
you'll be going over and above on these
prank I know that's not good people want
to see I thought that you knew you were
just messing around but then when I saw
that you when you reliable come on Oh
how would I like when the cameras
weren't on and you are like saying old
stuff I was like wait a minute I think I
actually think this is chair yeah I
wasn't bit katha today to the following
the best pranks as she's done on me this
is probably your best part is the kind
of upset that it's not true just because
I really wanted a house to you get so
much nicer in person it's dope yeah like
that literally in my dream house guys
and I know one day if we don't have that
house we'll have a house like that so I
can't wait for that home I really
thought I feel so moving past that the
approval classes take so long why would
you think that it's okay I'm gonna wanna
help for I don't know that guy she got
me I feel so stupid guys obviously if
you like this video give it a thumbs up
if you genuinely like this and my prank
tsunami - the best prank of all time
this is the worst prank of all time
no it was the best one you just admitted
it earlier so like comment share and
subscribe and like me and my King always
say we'll be back with no videos now
we're going to be back with a lot more
videos
