someone told me over so these don't
exist in real life these days
our eight family today is a pool day
what's floating should we get these are
called floaties right okay
floating which one do you guys like
ooh I like this one the blue one is cool
the watermelon one the watermelon one is
that a watermelon one oh you do
can I see it please oh yes thank you
check it out guys check it out whole ice
cream lobster banana boat bananas ooh I
got so I got the whale the huge whale
and I got the watermelon oh and I also
want this one I got to get this little
thing oh yeah this is really fun yeah
Oh actually wait we got a pink one pink
orange yeah I'll take those pink an
orange one I like that one yeah I love
it
watermelon well baby floaties check um
check
scuba diving check beautiful girls check
how beautiful you are you ready for the
pool you ready mama you ready for the
pool you look crazy
I like your hat yeah you know you're
beyond blessed when you have two of the
most beautiful girls in the world and
they're beyond fire just just take a
moment silence and just look at these
beautiful so daddy gonna have to be the
first one to jump in yeah
look at these beautiful legs we want to
get a nice little tan the a family's
talking to you look the eighth family's
talking to you thanks Maya you dare me
to jump on the watermelon do a belly
flop on the watermelon can we do it stay
right there
careful I'm so deep
guys Austin still has his toes painted
he really doesn't care what anyone in
this world thinks well so wait do you
want to tell them why you haven't
removed the nail polish it was not
physically possible that's okay I have
to get you some nail polish remover
exactly I can't scrape them off you know
I'm just comfortable with them all right
now
no big guys it should be very
interesting Elle I've never been on a
floaty in the pool
so wait last time this happened we
literally fell
alright guys we finally got the girls in
the pool it was a struggle but we got it
how could we don't like you better
I'll pull you guys around
Wow you guys about to get some nice
color
I'll put sunscreen all over her damn
body in the pool wait in the pool all
right guys
make sure no one's looking at my girl
she's resting hey Gary Duchess love back
today I wish I can drink milk in
the pool can I be next ever you want to
see if those swimming classes came in
handy I got the flow he's over there he
was teaching someone over I'm going to
freak out let's try princess daddy got
you these limited edition floaties
they're from Walmart see she could swim
today family ready come on L so much you
can swim 1 2 3
oh you can do it you can do it you can
do it you can do it you can do it you
can do it
ready 1 2 3 yeah well guys as you can
see L does not like the pool I guess
that's that part black inner guys I know
what will make her happy
fruit catch well Prince if you don't
want to fool my daddy no should I worry
about myself his overanxious attached to
me I gotta bet for you ok what I bet you
that I can go from there to there back
to there underneath the law
okay 1 3 times 1 1 2 3 okay I can do
that no you cannot
it's a killing on alright alright
alright so you do it first and then if
you win you're gonna try to do it and
then I'm gonna try to do it here each
other and then if I got you just no way
you're gonna get it if I get it
I win the bit and I'm gonna have to dare
you something so a family okay obviously
you guys know I'm gonna win em all right
but then if I win then used to do
another buddy there okay okay okay so
three times all right let's see
let's look at them frog not a dolphin
and we're mortal I'm wait one more time
right hey okay squirt all right all
right so let's see if I can do it
hey guys you know when I first my
awesome at house and I'm you had a perm
she really did she thought this little
perm he took his hat off for the first
time and I was like that's her as mr.
pickle you're really about to do this
is that like a little bit wait wait so
if you don't get this I win the bet
oh you better do it in there yep yo
do this for real I'll cut off all my
damn hair that's almost confidence I
have that you will not be able to do it
ready let's go back I'm still gonna
cheer you on
god damn she's so funny it's like a sexy
ass dolphin in the walk
hell no exactly it's called healthy lung
not as healthy as daddy yeah y'all know
who won the bit makes you stay tuned for
my dear to cassock and Scooby all bet
you're not gonna want to do mother if
you're not gonna want me to film the
dare I have for you even having in mind
I've been had in mind
oh god they say only guys in laughing at
the past couple dares I had to do don't
really go me laughing now stay tuned Oh
camera still trick Erica what's that oh
my glasses
oh wow you so pretty you so pretty
you so pretty yeah you only orgasm
related oh guys would be on the water
sometime now el finito Benito CISD
besitos are looking like some phone oh
yes I love all right guys well we spent
enough time here at the pool we got a
nice little tan ales now sleep
so we'll see you guys inside and we're
back it was too hot not to get in the
pool today how many of y'all got in the
pool today if you got to pull today
comment below I'm curious and if you did
not get in the pool today I suggest you
get that butt out of bed turn off their
Netflix put them to riedel's back in the
cabinet and rub some sunscreen on that
building and happy laughs in a pool and
I'm sorry guys but we won't be seeing
you tomorrow because tomorrow is Sunday
which is Father's Day I am beyond
blessed to have a father that's been
there for me through everything any fill
is here for me he's my best friend I
talk to him every day and I know he'll
always be here for me whenever I needed
so Thank You pops for being the best
father son could ever ask for
I appreciate you so much happy Father's
Day and shout out to all the followers
out there I wish you all Happy Father's
Day Lea do have a place in my heart for
all the fathers and now that I've been a
father myself for over a year now I get
it
I definitely get so with that being said
I'm assuming all of you got here
Father's Day gifts already right I'm
gonna take that as a no well if you
haven't gone to follow that gift just
yet I'm gonna help you guys out and if
you have already gotten your Father's
Day gift I'm proud of you but you're
gonna want to just put that one to the
side because I'm what the plug y'all
with adult fun easy holiday gifts so
instead of going shopping for hours and
trying to find something your dad would
kind of be happy with I decided to some
completely different to share so I'm
working with the ticket app SeatGeek to
help you guys my ace family members to
get your dad a gift that he would
actually like so for those who don't
know what SeatGeek is it's a ticket app
that puts all the tickets in one place
to make buying so easily look at the app
find an event that your dad will love
and it will show you the rate so you
guys can get the best deal possible so
was working with them I got you guys a
twenty dollar promo code which is right
here so I can help you guys out with
your Father's Day gift this year I'll
also put the link in the description so
you guys can download that all right so
let me show you guys how to use it real
quick all right so this is the app right
here all right so you always you have to
create a login like I did right here put
your location - Los Angeles so then you
go to my tickets find tickets and say
you click on the event so let's pick
basketball just end is we won't do that
let's do boxing
and they provide you with all the seats
in the arena so say I pick this one say
I want to sit in the front it'll show
you the pricing for that exact seat so
let's say that's too expensive let's sit
a little further away which is much
cheaper and it will show you that and
then down here if you hit close it'll
show you good deals with the fees that
they include and SeatGeek
also provides you with being able to if
you hit tracking down here provides
would be able to stock your favorite
performer so we just go down here you
can find anybody you want to stock elbow
fro though how dope is that thing geek
is the plug link in the description
thank you later all right so let me go
field my girls are doing oh you guys
over here eating good huh so before we
close out with today's video we do have
to give a notification shout-out today
to who so today's notification shoutout
goes to Sarah music and then she said I
love you guys I love how kind there you
guys are to everyone no matter what
their ages and what their background is
the world would be a better place if
everyone could be as loving and as
caring as I you soon oh oh thank you so
much there
shut up to you Sarah for having your
post notifications on yep whoever else
like a Folsom vacation shoutout all you
have to do is turn on our post on
vacations and comment when done and by
the way this is the best apple juice in
the world in the world thank you guys so
much for tuning in as always and like me
and my beautiful princess and my
beautiful Queen always say we'll be back
with more videos peace
