come down 1/5 number like we say time
you ready to say a family you ready 1 2
hey a stem leg you guys say good job and
they're proud of you 7
good job in there as you guys can see
she's eating some bread right now some
Hawaiian bread she loves it
of course I had to give it to her in
order for her to be sitting right next
to me being steal for me to make this
video right so before I tell them the
bad news because I know they're very
curious to know why we caption the video
the way we did right and they're also
probably wondering how come mama
how come Catherine is in next to us
right now right you think they're
wondering that with chapstick - you want
to tell them something
before I begin pretty much recently
Catherine had been breaking out on her
face and stuff so yesterday she went to
go get a chemical facial I think that's
what it's called
we call her to make sure that's the
correct term she's grabbing principals
and ice on food right yeah
Babette yeah what's the facial called
I'm on I'm on camera right now and I
forgot the name of the facial that's
called chemical peel chemical peel
is really run gotcha session okay love
you and then your skin starts peeling
like you two three days later bit I got
I got it
so yeah the facial is called chemical
peel and that's what she got after she
got a she got home and she like pretty
much like a lerczak reaction she got
really red
like really swollen and so she is not
comfortable being in from the Camarena
he said like the redness and the
swelling could last for about like a
week hope well hopefully it only lasts
for a few days so pretty much I'm making
this video to tell you guys that we will
not be posting for the next few days
because that reason obviously cam isn't
comfortable so I'm not going to make her
film or being from the camera she
doesn't want to be and you guys should
know why we aren't filming you guys are
part of the family and I'm sure if I
didn't make this video and a few days
went by without us posting you guys
gonna be asking how come we aren't
posting and all that stuff so I want to
give you guys a heads up now when I said
you guys are part of Family Guy should
know why we aren't posting so tomorrow
obviously won't be a video Sunday most
likely won't be a video I'm hoping
Monday we can get a video but if not
Monday probably Tuesday so I know you
guys going to be upset or upset we can't
film we enjoy filming and sharing our
lives with you guys don't be too mad at
us Catherine had no idea that she was
going to get somewhat of allergic
reaction and was not going to be able to
film like I said we did not know but for
those who do know about facials you know
that that chemical peel I guess is like
the real deal like it's very intense and
it does make a difference skin must be
flawless some other be jealous because
I'm like oh my get it done - breaking
out I hate breaking outs the worst
especially with moms like their hormones
are changing like constantly so I
couldn't even imagine her period is like
really weird right now that you guys
know so that can be the cause for
breakouts even though we also have been
eating the best and we have a mixer in
enough water and we are working out
again so that can also be the cause of
for a break analogous different stuff so
yeah that's pretty much it guys would
you like to say anything princess before
we in the video
would you like to say anything here oh
look look look
she loved the phone won't touch it
you're not based on grandpa
watch it happens when she facetimes
grandpa
ready watch watch watch hopefully your
answers only Joe we're currently making
a video right now and the cameras
rolling the cameras rolling I told him
that whenever she facetimes grandpa's
she gets so excited you love you grandpa
girl kiss Jim kiss kiss
Osito Osito hey he's only another one
day a lot of us eat those I love you -
talk to you later say bye grandpa bye
Mike goodbye you gotta go man alright
what she's mad now see I told y'all she
loves her grandpa alright guys that is
it for today's video thanks for everyone
who tuned in as always we appreciate you
hopefully Katherine should be home soon
I'm starving - goodness in and out I
just got done sick - : six I like it
remember how did you do that she called
you back she called you back I gave her
the phone cuz I was closing off the
video she called you back we got to go
false lady love you bye I just got done
saying how not only her but we have to
eat better and Here I am getting in and
out
with a chocolate vanilla shake all that
but our guys we love you so much thank
you for everyone who tuned in as always
before I close with this video we do is
give her a notification shadow today -
who we given today shout out - huh you
remember the name Alexis Alexis who
alexis Marie shout out to you girl thank
you so much for having our notifications
turned on and always showing love we
appreciate your where else like a
notification shout out all your school
is your on the phone going forward all
you have to do is turn on our post on
vacations and comment when done
obviously guys you like this video you
got to give it a thumbs up like comment
share and subscribe and I promise we
won't be gone too long we'll see you
guys shortly and like me and my
beautiful Queen she'll be here some my
beautiful princess always say we'll be
back with more videos please say bye say
bye
wait song bye
