someone told me I was so moved on
echidna my life today
hey a stem play welcome back to the
channel guys so what you just witnessed
was me filming often while he's sleeping
committee guys I think no we were just
in Vegas and he didn't get any sleep at
all he's actually catching up on some
sleep now so what I decided to do is get
him back for the last prank that he did
on me which was the tarantula parents if
you haven't seen that I suggest you
don't watch it yes today what I'm going
to do is I'm going to crank him back
while he's sleeping
and I thought open this perfect idea so
as some of you guys may know we did a
rhesus wax challenge which was me like
waxing his armpit and those who saw it
saw that he couldn't take it at all it
was in this horrible experience
obviously we were laughing the whole
time but he said it really hurt so I'm
going to do is I'm going to try to wax
his other arm so hopefully he's in a
position where I can get that arm if not
I might have to do the one that we
already did which is not good at all so
I'm going to go back into the house and
get that ready
wish me luck and keep watching
I'm trying to get it hot
why would you what do you mean and
starting you in it why would you do this
to me again
oh my god oh and up top top wait I'm
trying to see I think I put it up too
high stop don't not touch it do not
touch me see top stop don't be so loud
without your games we signed up Elsa let
me get you back for Joe ah in the
bathroom while I was eyes hey hold it
man let me think it out oh good let me
take it out no I'm gonna get you back so
good
Oh who wakes up like that would look so
easy box Topp we need you did it get
your hair I feel like I put it up to
Lana she too got my hair all I really
only gone I really did Lucy let me see
it I want to see what ultra Melany and
shit I want to see what it looks to that
oh I'll get it all what one full lashes
hold your head now you better not well
you better not can you get away from you
with that camera now they wanted to see
the going on you know oh oh you don't
want to
again what are you doing okay doing they
want to see me healthy it no no you got
no I send home I'm happy for the first
year okay okay get back I'm taking this
got oh shit let me see those not touchin
it stuck it's stuck it's stuck
Oh God you like that right huh no yeah
you like it
anything out here I'm going to take it
off like a liar to Allah let me see
bullshit why would you do this to me
that's nice because I thought right it
is do you want to remember what you did
to me last week let me rip it oh hell no
let me rip it no let me read this but
look let me rip it look Michael let me
see wives look what oh my
i market stuff you're lucky I didn't get
on my hair you little shit
what do you want to know because if you
do that literally leave you does not go
near it exactly
all right no more girl has done price
over all right guys so all right now if
you like this video give it a thumbs up
like share and subscribe like share
comment and Manuel timing zoom Catherine
I heard don't mind my hair's will go
team Catherine because I obviously do
the best trained and what God make sure
you Lightfoot up fucking I'm told it
make sure you like share comment do you
like this did you like that Olivia and
so funny
got makes you like share comment and
subscribe fuck is wrong with you right
now
I know I got a new one yeah I said
