sit down a fifth number like we say time
alright guys so we're packing right now
super late we have to get up early in
the morning cuz where we going princess
we're going to Vegas we're going to bang
is there there you're not even one yet
you're going to Vegas come here who are
you what that look for what you don't
want to go to Vegas yeah you come in
come on let's go let's pack come here
about to put you in a suitcase come here
I'm putting you in a suitcase I'm
putting you in a suitcase get in the
suitcase right now you're getting in a
suitcase you want to show them what we
got real yes all her outfit I saw their
shoes or sandals and your other shoes
wearing tomorrow her lotion or shampoo
alright that's boring that's boring we
gonna get to my stuff okay so we got my
birthday suit right here can't really
show you all too much because I want you
to see it when I actually put it on just
know it's nice guys we're excited
because this is like our first trip I
guess you can call it a trip we argued
on the plane ever since we had L so this
will be Elle's first plane ride right
baby
this could be your first plane ride I
don't want to die first
ah what does that mean give me kisses
man give me some kiss I wanted some
birthday kisses I know my birthday is
until Saturday but I need some birthday
kisses a meeting right oh how you gonna
give me cookies for my birthday and then
eat Oh guys you want to tell them tell
them - tell them what cookies you got me
so I got him these snickerdoodles to use
so freakin amusing yes she got him if
you're from LA the place called milk and
they are on Melrose another not on
Melrose it's on the same street as air
one I'll forget the industry but the
store the cookie store or dessert store
because we have other stuff other than
cookies it's called milk so check them
out
delicious thank baby we bring in all our
diapers I thank you I can't forget my
early birthday gift that you got me I
got to bring this so I can edit the
video guys this was the computer I was
editing on this 1900 computer today I
can't talk about it because my
computer okay okay but I got us to where
we are today yes I can't talk about
this old computer because it's been with
us through the thick and thin ever since
we started YouTube this right here has
been with us this is part of a family
and I will never I will never forget you
okay okay Susie I will never forget you
so so now you know um daddy's here you
know damn Helena if I loved it thank you
so much Babbitt best birthday gift ever
thank you
I needed that we needed that and of
course Kuhn got me some balloons is your
boy going to be 25 home Saturday we bout
to turn up so I'm just going to organize
all the diapers and this is what you're
gonna do l first of all I organized them
hey come here come here come here
my phone yeah I got girls texting me and
 I'm just kidding it's good Kevin's
really like all right guys so I'm going
to show you what I'm packing now so so
far I have these shorts that I'm just
kind of kind of we're at nighttime also
got me these are the day at H&M
that says I have this tank top the black
version of this one I got this top shop
that is a some underwear and I got this
so far so you can take like some
pictures of the airport nice nice
look what you have to tell them oh you
tried to give him get messy so so as you
guys can I just do this room yeah like a
on her Oh suck it does
I put hair on her before she literally
start crying because it scares her okay
so you're probably wondering what we're
doing why we're packing where we're
going why we're going so keep watching
all right so I just got out of the
shower the girls are already asleep they
already finished their packing I still
have to finish mine I will be honest I
am NOT a fan packing at all
I either bring too much clothes or not
enough on top of them not knowing what
to bring I hate it and you guys are
probably wondering what the hell is on
my face Katherine got me this so I
figured I use it before I do Vegas
so I can look you know you know
delicious I know you guys are probably
laughing at me right now but you guys
are going to be asking where she got it
in the comments so I'm a plug yo real
quick she also got me this one too she
got me a line this is a tiger one she
got me a lion one it's a bunch of other
different type of animals and creatures
you can get the link she got it from
Ulta so hopefully this works alright
guys so I gotta hurry up and get in bed
because it's already one o'clock and I
only have three hours to sleep so next
time you'll see us
we'll be on the plane so I love you guys
see you
reason level whisper right now we're in
the airplane
finally here to those first time being
in a plane you feel is your first time
she gave you guys kisses right I can
feel it go away
makes me Glow a sleeper
you know I knew in my dream we have made
princess how do you feel about your
first plane ride
we're headed to the Wynn Hotel and we
have made whoa wait is it you happy
ah oh he's so beautiful
what are you eating can I say to give
you a bath - because we got you up at 3
in the morning again you ready for that
we did your first flight ever did you
really bad guys she did a baby I'm
shooting crowd and I was only like it
hard like all right so she did good I'm
proud of you baby comes your first
flight and I'm proud of you thank you
you're Iying
do you want a mommy Goodwin the mommy
mommy no mommy thank you she loves daddy
that's not me Thank You Bella kisses oh
no kisses just share Cheerios oh that's
cool you guys are probably wondering why
we're here in Las Vegas the reason is
because one of my good friends is
getting married and he asked me to be in
his wedding one of the groomsmen so of
course I had to make an appearance and
support him so shout out to you well
congrats on your marriage and another
reason why we're here so his wedding is
on Saturday and you want to tell about
it
and there's another offense going on
Saturday which is Austin hey turn up
my birthday's on Saturday I'll be
turning 25 which is crazy against old
you know you're like younger than you oh
thank you baby
so we're here to have a good time Al's
gonna have a good time
my grandma's gonna have a good time with
you so we're all here just hanging out
I'm just checking around show you guys a
little bit of the hotel room so there's
my beautiful girls right there in the
bed
nice little painting okay nice TV nice
grandma not not just a nice view but
it's okay this room is just just very
nice take you guys in the bathroom I do
love this this mirror right here check
me out check me out selfie mirror when
we go out show you guys we look like you
know simple stuff simple then the best
part about this whole room is the
bathroom I love the bathroom very nice
very nice two sinks got to have it got
to have it so what'd you guys think
pretty nice room like we really going to
be here for a few nights so we're going
to enjoy ourselves as our first
I am taking a little trip not sure if
you can call Las Vegas a trip
controlling an hour away from LA but we
wanted to make sure that we brought LV
soon because we can't leave anywhere
without it so L goes we go once you stop
what and it's my birthday so she has to
be here with me co-op birthday and once
she gets a little older than Kathryn
I'll start traveling alone so yeah of
course my birthday's going to all be
here together yeah yeah L goes where we
go simple as that but we're also for her
birthday as you guys know her birthday's
coming up on the 28th I'll be
celebrating my birthday with her even
though it really would be just her
birthday so that should be fun and we're
just here to have a good time I'm not
sure what you guys are going this
weekend but I hope you guys turn up as
much as we do because I might go out
drinking turn up with DES turn down hey
hey I got it from my mama
oh the way go be free mom I read go
you're in Las Vegas better look can I
show you something can I show you I know
we had the worst view in America over
here would feel kind of cool Wow
if anyone was wondering about our new
stroller we had to get this yesterday
last-minute so we could just travel and
it wouldn't be like hectic or anything
with our big a stroller that we have so
we got this at byebye baby for $23
before we close out today's video we
must give our notification shout-out
today to who we're giving to Kevin
O'Leary
shout out to you bro I noticed I noticed
that you're always the first or one of
the first people to comment on our
videos we appreciate the love shout to
you bro whoever else would like your
nurse whoever else like another keeps a
shout out all you guys do is turn on our
post notifications and comment and when
done guys like I said it makes you watch
tomorrow's video and like me and my
beautiful queen always say more videos
these did you just get one too don't you
think it would do w-what let me do it
let me simple series
