someone told me move down to Krishna my
life today's look is a family say hi hey
welcome back to your channel guys what's
going on everybody so today is a big day
for us
does anybody know why you know what I
know I do you know an idea so today
we'll be attempting to potty train fail
give so big bad bad give so big what
we're going to do is go to the store
pick up a potty training seat the toilet
thingy bring it back here obviously show
her how to use it teach her a little bit
and I know a lot of you guys tried
thinking that she's too young
the idea is to get the learning process
started early obviously we know she's
not going to use it right now but she's
a very intelligent baby and who knows we
could be surprised and nixing know we
turn around
she's taking a boo-boo like you never
know what is that food to cooking we're
doing this face because like she just
recently learned how to kiss and social
Goliath consider an actual kiss me oh
yeah who knows I know I'm excited
because today's like another milestone
that she will accomplish soon now I
learned to be potty trained pretty early
yeah yeah I'm not sure when I was by the
training but but yeah so she's walking
now she'll be potty trained soon her
first birthday is coming up
that's crazy okay she's growing up so
fast a birthday's coming up in 17 days
so crazy
oh and by the way we are still looking
for some eight family members to join
another birthday party so if you do have
a little one from the same ages ale
please comment below or hit us up on
other social media platforms because we
are going to invite a few of you to her
birthday we're actually throwing her
birthday party on her birthday which is
a Sunday but we're actually celebrating
awesome birthday that day too because
his birthday's a week before obviously
the party is for her but I would like to
share it but we're not going to do that
because then she's going to grow up to
be like so annoying that she's
celebrating her break or yes of course
of course of course she was like her own
but to me it is like a special moment
it's her first birthday so I like to be
a part of it only once what she doesn't
really have like friends or anything she
can't really play it a bit but next year
you're gonna have your birthday party
first I'm gonna choose it happen okay
that's cool that's cool
you guys are so invited every year we're
going to bite a few of you guys I think
that'll be cool
yeah I know huh because right now you
don't have too many friends you have
like my friend and daddy no actual
friends Oh actual friends Oh actual
friend she has to she has 2x what their
names are Olivia and violins yeah and
they're older you're older so she's
looking for friends looking to meet some
friends
I'll bet or maybe should have them maybe
a another one maybe a little oh brother
Roxanna wants a kid like right now like
another one right now you guys wound up
talking about the head to the store pick
up a potty training seats last toilet
and then let's get teaching now ready
you made a they say there's this thing
is called like naked 3 days or something
like that I can't remember what what it
actually is impossible alone you know
but basically what it is is you have
your baby naked for three days and then
die for nothing
and basically when they win
go to the bathroom you teach them that
they should be going to they're like
potty or anything interesting so we
could try that with elbow dealing
problems we have carpet so I don't
really want to I don't know what that I
believe you need to go let's do it see
shake I love you guys oh oh look at that
I see you want to come out
I'm not shy mama come here I love you
the honest company
hey mama here's your blanket
yeah plaintiff live why have we never
been here from what I heard is the best
place to bake
I even got close oh they're pretty these
are really pretty
I like these headbands okay
it was in love with the store you happy
first as you happy what what do you see
what's that you happy yeah she said
they're supposed to be on the right at
the very end
hello good she said they are rare aha
now which one is the question above it
which one
this one right here do it okay so let's
get one of these little things I do want
to knees okay I can't I need a second
for a little but for sure I don't know
our little buttons not seeing this thing
really yeah she's tinier this is big
what bigger got the middle but this
one's an old quad this one hey I got
doggie Bowl nice oh you'll be very
interesting when we get home I'm not
sure who's going to demonstrate probably
Katherine all right guys so we're trying
to figure what you do this one or this
one I think this is better because it
has okay yeah cuz she can't fall inside
so she gets less you got a little but
that one yeah all right looks like you
ready huh you know you know this is all
right let's take you home get you ready
well your mommy loves the stuff what the
hip oh there you are what are you doing
what is he to me
i sou dan girl were you going go back
yet
come back here I could get you all
that's cute
guys I must admit it is getting sad that
Elle's growing so fast she's over here
walking around the store like she's one
of us I'd let that are looking right now
look at what are you doing over here huh
you like that car seat let's not let's
be hunter you coming kidding oh you like
that one love you really nice that isn't
I like this one right here oh that one
is dad Dan they look like a damn motor
home what do this Oh be nicely oh this
is the same brand we have now look at
her all up in your purse who do you
think you are girl
you guys act like you only never been
out the house
guys look at my girls they're so happy
as long as they're happy I'm happy I
thought matters right that one $700 that
shit better fly all right we're leaving
you bye
yeah yeah I thought so I thought so come
on let's go
what'd you say dentists I'm away did you
just say bad whore you called
got you all right mom get this situated
put in your bathroom I'm going to be the
one to demonstrate show Ellen you can me
yeah I mean we're both going to but you
can show right now princess princess
princess were you going
look go ahead pop a squat like this okay
and when you listen listen he'll listen
and when you feel like your tummy hurt
or you have to go peepee hey hey if you
listen to me okay
this is what you use okay you don't keep
the indexical more you walk your little
butt in here like this pull down your
diabete your your clothing and you pop a
squat and you sit here you're waitin to
come out okay let's try this track
mister so we walk walk over here and you
sit down turn and you stick good good
good job at you like it and obviously
we'll be teaching her booty next on
camera so what you think you can get it
didn't get the name of it
he likes it hi guys so that was a good
start so we should definitely keep it
where we yes I'm keeping it here I wish
would like know what she's gonna like so
go so we can just put her on there you
know no but I think that what she does
go what we can do is as soon as we
change her
we tell them I mean I don't know it's
kind of hard because she's really young
July every year oh yeah but if she get
the hang of this enamel and just know
that's what it's for
princess you're going to smash your
little fingers in there thank you did
did your careful and apparent careful
that's your toilet over there that's
your toilet over there okay
put it back on put it back on it put it
back on your shorts well first I want
her I want her to know that this is like
this is not a toy like you sit here this
is where he helps me see okay Cece this
is a PC okay CeCe's toilet okay we have
a lot before you go goal isn't easy
don't you like why no no my baby change
no more like a change
go toilet Pippi Pippi Pippi Pippi
what no no no well bear bear you don't
want this no I'm not thanking you
because not right today faculty yeah
what is it
all right Phoebe come sit down
come sit down TP go go peepee
good go good job yeah go go
good sit down good job
sit down none what are you doing honey
put it back over there go put it back
thank you thank you honey
Oh turn it around turn it around it
doesn't go that way
here let me help you okay right here sit
down
okay so I think she gets rid of it
somewhat what is that like a shame but
it's good that were like I said we're
starting to process perfectly because
you know you never know what's gonna
start out because I know one day
Katherine are you looking around the
house like where is she and we're going
to see you're in here squat right I hope
so
especially housing in texting eventually
though you never know she could surprise
she's very smart
all I could I never asked along I want
to forgive me kids give me him oh no no
what let me tell you about that
alright guys so before we load up this
video we do have to get a notification
shadow today too so it actually goes to
one of the girls women's high school
with her younger sister and watches our
videos well and so her name is Victoria
opposite Lorenzo is a shadows pair
Victoria Lorenzo shouts you girl thank
you so much and I chosen Tampa thank you
so much for having our polska vacation
turned on whoever else would like a
falsification shoutout all you have to
do is turn our pool publications and
comment point obviously guys if you like
this video got to give a thumbs up like
comment share and subscribe and like me
and my beautiful family know that's
always work before we say bye I do want
to say if you guys have any personal
experiences with teaching your baby how
to be potty trained comment below and
let us know what was working for you
she's asking for milk right now she's
trying to get to mmm so whatever works
for you guys just let us know in the
comments so maybe we can use those ideas
hi guys and like me and my beautiful
family and beautiful Queen always say
we'll be back with more videos peace
