sit down exist number life today oh yeah
we need all these gee what do you need I
need them all what's too much oh wait
this is call right there
hey ace Emily welcome back to our
Channel
what's going on everybody so for those
who do not know I have a younger brother
he's 20 years old his name is Landon and
they are a few people in the family that
we have yet to prank and he's one he's
one of them so the reason why we haven't
thanked Landon for this long is because
he knows Austin away too well and
nothing would ever work nothing's
believable enough so we came up with the
perfect prank
so before I prank my brother I do have
to give him some credit I'm very proud
of him he just moved out the house got
his own apartment
buy his own car and is doing extremely
well he's been working really really
hard and so I'm very proud of him and he
has become such a great trainer he was
working super hard and even I'm so
impressed like we went to go work out
with him in a day and I was like wow he
really knows what he was doing is he
really good he really probably trains
catherine and i and he is currently
working on his youtube channel right now
with his girlfriend so that should be
started very soon I'll keep you guys
updated on that so you can go subscribe
to his channel
but today Catherine and I will be
pranking him with his most prized
possession Catherine please tell them
what his most prized possession is his
most prized possession is his car so the
plan is to fill his entire car with
these sticky notes we will be putting
over a thousand of these sticky notes
all over his car so on you should be
coming out of the house within the next
30 minutes because he takes a break from
his morning classes and then his
afternoon class Catherine oh no it's
good yeah so we found his schedule so he
should be coming out like thirty minutes
so we have enough time to place all
these sticky notes on his car and then
place the camera and then obviously get
his reaction ready good eat it
even to me so long you didn't mean I
just realizing he might be so pissed cuz
like but but the thing is is that this
isn't this is a reason why he's gonna be
mad like you're like probably wonder
like oh why would he be mad at on a big
deal because he works literally like
down the street from his place so he
won't have enough time to take all the
sticky notes in order to get that he
hates me late like if he's late
he might get fired oh you know he's only
the last second about you're going to
leave to the last second there is enough
time to get to work exactly so he might
drive away with all these people all
right we gotta hurry up before he comes
out our place they don't fall off the
car go away oh yeah I got Katamari by
the ice must be down here any minute
the jobs in the car in the cover all the
houses altars over there no car no
locale the way all the way all the way
get out the way
alright not the one who's not getting
anywhere Go Go car go now you can't you
can't make oh my god I get out the way
Oh lemon ring where is he did jump to
the right come on
oh my go go go go all present like what
why oh my god so wrong you're wrong
take a month off promise I promise I'll
wear in like five hours you can get off
community oh my god seriously just hire
like a team come up I think he knows now
pretty sure you now you got the colorful
Mustang now
got jealous boy I was looking around to
find news on your lies late for work -
shit what's it like take it off though
what right take it off no we don't leave
it there huh I knew bro you would zoom
in so fast it was coming off can we see
you you're Superman they're almost all
also goddamn and we gotta go pick them
all up
better I pranked them oh come on
somebody's talking like that yeah
somebody got yeah I got it looks good
though I saw your desert up like
exercising all right you want to go pick
them up on the street now all right
don't think of some hours but let's go
pick them up all right guy we got is at
1:32 I got ya here 1:30 all right well
he's got to go so all the night if you
like this video well I'm not coming back
coming back with the heat if you ever
really got a prank like that but nobody
else a Catholic High I don't come with
me yeah I when you when you create your
YouTube channel to be next year um
coming soon coming soon I got the heat
obviously guys use video thumbs up like
comment share and subscribe peace and
like me and my beautiful queen over here
always say she's taking mop car now
we'll be back with more videos
this is so bad I need a fix pause please
our guy so we want to make sure the
environment was completely clean so
Catherine I went back in the streets and
picked up every single sticky note as
you can see existed like sorry so and we
took them off Lana's car obviously
surprised that many stayed on but just
no one environments clean guys we're
good people so we love you too
