don't kiss never left like yours are I
only need like with your last
and
I'm a Clifford
hi
yeah
ready action
yes
and play
hey hey welcome back to your channel
guys what's going on everybody so I know
it's been a while since you guys seeing
this but today is the day and we're back
in action so you won't be missing as the
day of the day people we just land in
Arizona and today we will be giving the
winner of our giveaway keys to a brand
new Jeep guys may be such a great
experience and the best thing about it
is that the winner
Yesenia she didn't want to win the Jeep
for herself she wanted to win it for her
sister so the plan is now is to hop into
burr go over to her house and plan it
out to where we surprise her sister so
we're excited for that and as you can
see princess Ella's not with us and as
you guys can see princess L is not with
us this is actually the first time that
I've been without Allison
since we've been without it we've been
parents yeah since you didn't loom yes
tonight we have to stay in Arizona for
the night so that's going to be a
challenge right now about hopping over
and about to head over to yesenia's
house this should be very interesting to
go to a subscriber cell
I've never done this before so this
should be fun and when we get there the
Jeep should be arriving so we should be
there on the same time and we'll know
more about the surprise when we get
there so make sure you stay tuned
the
where's my baby Oh for connection can
you can you guys see it we have that
connection but we'll call you guys later
okay oh yeah all right guys so we just
got here to your son you just made it to
the house
we just met her parents and her family's
here only two people are missing is
Yessenia and and her sister Priscilla so
right now
Ksenia is just wasting time making sure
everything is ready to go we're actually
still waiting on the Jeep to be here it
should be here any minute
what's the chicas here we're going to
break down the surprise and we'll plan
it out so basically what's going on is
you send yo the one who won the car is
driving her sister Priscilla over to the
house so this is what we didn't know we
just realized this right now as her
parents told us that it's actually
Priscilla's graduation this week so she
just graduated from college yes they
told Priscilla that they're celebrating
her in graduation party today at their
house because it was originally going to
be Wednesday so she thinks that she was
coming over and she was going to eat and
celebrate her they had to find a way to
get her over here because she does an
hour away and the only way she was going
to get over here it's for them to say
like they had a little get-together and
another thing too is so Priscilla
watches our videos and she also follows
a fun Instagram it's funny because
Yesenia when we
to her that night after she won she
actually told us to block her she didn't
know what was going on no idea what well
she doesn't know is she's the winner she
doesn't know anything at all yeah she
doesn't know anything she actually sent
her sister because she's a sister of how
many sisters you guys had seven seven
sisters inches in one breast she sent
one of her sisters the Phineas I want
her sister's a video of her and
Priscilla in the car and have no idea
look so as you can see she has no idea
what her dad said she didn't want to
come over here oh yeah and she goes over
here it's gonna be a completely
different story just sing his dream has
always been to give her sister a Jeep
and surprise her with that Jeep and so
the fact that Katherine are here today
to make that dream come true is amazing
yeah it's like I can't even describe how
I feel right now my gosh horse in a way
for Jim to get here and then send a
surprise up so obviously keep watching
all right guys Dean has just arrived
that's no driver over here man
I'm not gonna lie guys I'm so nervous
right now
she's going to be here any minute
we all got a bowl for her inside the
jeans of that on can't believe it I'm
going to move the chip up a little bit
guys trying to find that perfect
lighting so everyone could see perfect
right there
thank you thank you everyone
guys hey are you guys ready for this
special moment or Priscilla gets here I
don't know would anybody like to say
anything anyone thank you guys anyone we
have a lot of stalkers here anyway I can
say that you said you worked with you
said you're right
no I work with okay okay okay
I did meet a video and didn't say
anything right that works a genius i
watch it okay you know I don't go on
YouTube right
very nice yeah I said crimes like I
promise I'm not gonna cry that I start
crying
I am honored you she pulls out the name
and you say it and then you show it and
that was like I got near somebody in the
office oh she's such a genuine person
how do you mean
we had no idea it was
now you take your entire family on a
date you ever driven a jeep before I
hope you like light everyone was picking
out light
we love you so much and I know I know
you're it's all her oh I'm sorry we're
so many while you're crying but this is
the greatest moment ever and we have to
capture this so what do you guys think
everything was planned I can't stop
smiling guys real mothers are tearing up
so I know your your makeup is messed up
and you're crying right now but would
you like to say anything to the a.m.
you're welcome thank you so much for
being part of a family so much you have
this you have to take everybody in your
family on a drive your mom especially
and obviously your sister because she's
the one who gave it to you it's crazy
because she is the one who won the Jeep
sheshe right now she can say you know
what sister I changed my mind and I'm
gonna keep it to you for myself but
she's being the best sister in the
entire world she's giving you a brand
new obviously we talk to her
initially one called
us to block you on insta just like block
them right now so she doesn't see
anything she want to make this work out
you want to make this work out I respect
that I respect that all right so you
gotta take it on a test drive
let me move the ball for you roll the
windows down Oh captain you go right
with her okay I got have a good time
don't crash it yes seatbelt on seatbelt
on they're back five hours later what
would you think if you think you got it
she can't stop smiling she gets out
crying it's okay because it was a great
moment you know she has no idea gosh she
had no idea at all you guys media
literally became a distillery and just
let you go as planned that got to be the
greatest of all time you're saying every
day she's like no you tow I'm like
honestly my idea is really pretty like
you don't know how much
I love you okay when we first appeared
the phone call at home that she won she
was born oh my god either okay wait
you're gonna cry and for those who don't
know the Affinia send us a ten day long
video explaining her story and we mean
catherine took it to heart and literally
it was the greatest thing ever and the
fact that she didn't want to win this
you first self she wanted one of her
sisters just explains what type of
person she is and you deserve the world
literally yeah you guys you guys are
special people and for your whole family
to be here it's amazing all right guys
well we're gonna spend the rest of the
day with them we don't leave until
tomorrow I'm not sure what we're gonna
do until then yeah we're definitely
gonna eat a lot and we might end up
spending the night you know yet well
we're gonna figure that out and we're
gonna catch you guys tomorrow thank you
for everyone who tuned in obviously if
you like this video give it a thumbs up
like comment share and subscribe and
like me and my beautiful Queen over here
always say goodnight so you stop crying
no more crying
I know you're so happy so I heard you
put something on this Jeep that we
should see hey hey that's dumb that's
goes here let's go well baby we did it
congratulations to you I love you so
imaginations us he means yes
congratulations to us love you so much
mission successful yeah mission
accomplished for sure obviously thank
you to all you guys were a part of the
8th family and who was a part of this
journey
this is an amazing moment I hope you
guys all enjoyed it and help everyone
we're out of here bye
