don't kiss never left hey friend man
welcome back to town guys what's going
on everybody
so today are you guys excited guys are
you guys excited today is a day we take
you guys to the dealership and we let
you guys pick out what Jeep you want us
to buy alright nice so before we go to
the dealership we do want to mention a
couple of things that have been changed
since our last video so if you're here
today watching this video it's probably
because you watched our last video and
if you hadn't watch our last video don't
go watch it because there's a new set of
rules for the opportunity to be winning
a Jeep
from us so after we posted the last
video we saw there was a lot of opinions
coming from you guys saying that it
wasn't fair how we instructed you guys
to win the Jeep right a lot of you
didn't feel that it was fair for someone
to purchase a discounted hat from our
business for you guys to win so even
though Katherine I thought it was fair
we did not want millions of people to
have a chance to win this opportunity
because Katherine and I don't have
millions of supporters right yeah so why
would we want to give millions of people
the opportunity to win a Jeep from that
right well obviously we thought it was
fair for someone to purchase a
discounted hat which would limit the
amount of entries for this giveaway and
it would give a better opportunity for
our real supporters exactly so after
getting everyone's opinions Katherine
and I came to an agreement because of
what type of family we are we want
everyone to have a fair opportunity to
win and we want everyone to be happy so
with that being said listen real close
this is a very important very important
no one has to purchase anything from
this giveaway you don't have to purchase
anything to participate in this giveaway
yes you do not have to buy discounted
hat for this giveaway although you do
have to follow simple instructions so in
order for you to have an opportunity to
win this giveaway all you have to do is
watch the series of videos that we post
this month
and you have to follow simple
instructions that we give for each video
for example for this
do the simple instructions are to
obviously subscribe to our channel if
you haven't already obviously we want
you guys to be part of a sim and also
follow us on Instagram my name is Reggie
and mine is right here and you might
want to pause because you don't want to
freak out later on obviously the more we
see you the better chance you have of
winning so if you go like comment we'll
give you
yeah it'll give them a better chance to
win so I suggest you go spam Instagram
YouTube whatever it is like I said the
more we see you the better yet we're
using a jeep to a deserving person um
you know right it is the way we said
this is how we see it's fair we see you
you're following instructions and you're
doing you know what we say in the series
of videos that we have to post then you
will be tailored it makes it harder on
us to pick someone but it's okay because
we're doing it for you guys this is a
day we're getting it back to you guys
and it makes it way harder to choose
someone right this is what we have to do
in order to make it more fair and make
everyone happy um yeah we're just here
to make everyone happy and that's it and
lastly watch our next video so you can
continue to have an opportunity to win a
brand new Jeep so what'd you guys think
is that more fair I think it's not all
you guys got to do is follow simple
instructions to win a brand-new car yeah
not all the instructions and you know
what I mean of the day we can't please
everyone you know everyone can have
their own opinions about this I relive
in a thing we should do this way that
way but this is what we came up with and
this is what we think is more fair for
everyone that's going to participate
exactly sounds pretty easy to me guys so
I'm just going to address a couple of
questions that you guys had so some of
you are asking density specific age to
enter no you don't um like I awesome
sent earlier a guy if you're young and
you win the Jeep just let your family
borrow the car and so you get your
license yeah you have a brand new Jeep
that's paid for per month
exactly and the next question was is
this still going to happen in the United
States so yes it is still going to take
place in the US as we said in the
earlier video we are flying to you
wherever you are you know the winner and
that we choose we are flying to you
handing you the keys and also shipping
your car free of charge and for overseas
people Katherine are sorry we apologize
but just
No we have some coming for you guys very
simply damn and for those who are still
asking you our sale that is still going
to be taking place on April 15th
we are still doing that sale for those
who have been asking about when we're
going to have our next sale but you do
not have to purchase anything to enter
this giveaway you don't have to make a
purchase to have an entry for the
giveaway exactly all you have to do is
follow these instructions even if you
are able to follow simple instructions
you have a chance to win a brand new
Jeep so another thing too that we wanted
to mention is we also took out the
second and third place winners to make
it more fair we don't want anyone
thinking that we picked someone verse
Jeep versus the iPhone for a specific
reason
hi guys are you ready to head to the
Jeep dealership you guys are I used to
take your new car let's do it man we're
so excited like this has been a dream of
ours we don't want to do this for so
long and we really like trying to think
of the most fair way to do this and it's
so crazy you can came down to this this
is what it came down to these guys
aren't happy with it
you guys are happy with this I want to
tell you in the day we still love you
exactly I love you you don't really get
you're in your common trying to think of
reasons why we were doing it in the
first place go ahead and think whatever
you want we still want to give someone a
brand new car so this is what we're
gonna do and we're all about we're all
about helping people manage so here's a
day we just want to help somebody and
make a difference so you guys are happy
with that I don't know what to say we
still love you so let's go man make sure
that keep watching
alright guys right here we have made it
if you guys haven't noticed yet this is
the same Jeep dealership where we bought
Katherine's Jeep they do great business
and they have the best juice in town
alright guys here with Sam I know he's a
familiar face to most of you he's going
to help me I'll get Cather's Jean for
Valentine's Day and he's helped me out
today he's going to be going to the
options for you guys
- what cheap we can purchase you ok
Austin before we get started I just
wanted to say one thing the first time
you did your video I was absolutely in
shock by what you wanted to do for
Katherine for Valentine's Day I thought
I've never seen anybody to have lifted
Jeep like that let alone I've never done
a looked at you like that I was so
customized and I thought what you did
for Katherine on Valentine's Day
was amazing and hopper G wants to have
you and I think and they're back
together and they're buying one of you
guys a brand new Jeep and the crazy part
is they're giving you guys the option to
pick out which keep you guys liked the
best
alright guys here we go okay let's talk
about the Jeep so the first one we have
here the all-white Jeep Wrangler for
four-door hasn't done it it sounds
really nice
whoo
what you guys think about this one you
like it you like it all right
option number two is the exact same
vehicle it's the exact same one that you
just saw right here the white one but
it's in the new 2017 Rhino color it's
special for this year why is this one
special it's the first year they
included this tone of gray blue okay so
it's the first year they introduced
Rhino it's a hit it's a gang you know
they're testing out the water it's being
how it works this is exactly the same
I like that one too
okay so right here keep - you have both
of them are going to be the four door
ring now we're going to take it old
school we're going to bring it to them
full full Wrangler look the difference
with this one is it's going to be the
Sahara this one is going to have the
matching fenders with the body with a
matching hardtop with the body and so
it's going to give a little bit of a
different look but it's got that
old-school feel that I really like about
this okay
a little smaller but a nice look oh this
one's big shift huh this one might be a
little tricky for most of you because I
know I don't how to drive stick shift
this is nice though I thought I had to
exclude it I mean I'm obsessed with this
but I like it but you know it's tough
for everyone
oh leather in price so you guys have
three options you can either go for the
two four-door Wranglers kind of hops you
know the painting different colors or
you can get the - I like this one I
would get this one just to the support
okay I think I think so too
this is the one I would pick alright
guys Katherine and I are getting to give
our opinions real quick I like all three
of them I'm gonna be honest I think all
three of them are nice and I know you
guys will be happy with any of these
jeeps but I must say the all white
four-door apply my favorite what about
you baby yeah what do you about you I
mean I like both the white one
rhinos okay but I'm gonna go with the
four-door okay all right and they're all
right here's our they all of them are
2017 brand brand-new jeez really how
about like maybe five ten miles on them
cuz we test driver maybe but France pink
all right guys now on to a very
important part we showed you guys the
options now you guys to help us make a
decision and by doing that make sure you
comment below which Jeep you guys like
the best and also we just posted a
picture on Instagram so make sure to
follow us on Instagram and help us pick
one of the three cars that you want to
breathe all right guys we're will wait
we're also posting a picture on our
Instagram and you guys have to follow us
as well okay
hey that's an instruction guys what is
it Instagram Russell Westbrook
underscore CD jr. and that's too hard
for that too much for you guys I'll put
the Instagram right here
alright guys catherine is excited she
wanted to test drive one of the jeeps
alright guys so have the best
opportunity to win the cheat that we
pick out all you got to do is follow the
simple instructions and keep watching
each video and show guys go spam comment
like all that good stuff and Sam I'm
gonna see you in next video
we're purchasing the G right gonna help
me out with that pork alright guys so
you're gonna see Sam again when we
actually come back to purchase the Jeep
for you guys after Chaplin idler
investigation and we look and see which
one you guys like the best so like I
said make sure you guys watch next video
that's probably one of the most
important thing to watch next video and
obviously like share comment and
subscribe and like me and my beautiful
Queen always say back with more videos
he
