someone told me never saw
they don't exist in my life these days
but you showed me if I
just find the fit I need to believe
anything is possible if you wanna pass
hi Tess your limit
in there I can see I'm sorry hey what's
going on everybody today is such a good
day today is a great day if you are new
to our channel makes you hit that
subscribe button join the family and for
those who are watching I'm gonna need
you to start this video out by giving it
a thumbs up because it's about to go oh
shit
down the hill it goes guys I'm a first
start off by saying make sure you watch
the video all the way through I don't
want you to miss any details I'm going
to announce my opponents I'm also gonna
tell you where the events gonna take
place and lastly I'm gonna tell you
where and when to purchase your tickets
so who's ready alright guys so I first
want to start off by saying that this
event is not only for charity but we the
ACE family has never had a
meet-and-greet and we're not going on
tour anytime soon because obviously
Katherine is pregnant so this is a great
opportunity to be able to meet a lot of
you ace family members if you are new to
our channel or don't really know what's
going on let me explain we are hosting a
basketball charity event coming up very
soon and I was supposed to pick one of
my opponents tomorrow which is April 1st
but things have changed and they've
changed because of the incident that
happened yesterday roll clip really
pulled up I had to to tell you that I'm
ready
is that my ball it was right there you
pulled up on my house how are you
shooting my court are you serious
are you dead serious play me right now
you try to play right now play me right
now nice you played it right now boy I'm
ready doesn't waste of my time bro I'm
ready dog play me right now bro you're
not ready play me right now bro all
right now come on put your fucking some
I didn't know he was actually down yeah
okay okay wait wait wait wait yeah
forgot you need ankle braces first let's
get a buddy toward that I was waiting to
play he's not ready so ever since we
announced our basketball charity event
you guys have been requesting the same
people over and over again which kind of
makes my job easy
so before I pick my opponents let me
break the event down for you guys there
will be a live performance which will
open it up maybe buy one of your
favorite artists there will be a
three-point contest which I'll be
picking my opponent in a few and then
obviously the main event which is the
one-on-one competition and lastly to
spice it up a little bit the person I
picked for the one-on-one competition
after he's done taking a nail we're
gonna play five on five he will pick his
four other guys and I will pick my four
other guys and the winner of that game
will receive $100,000 check to donate to
charity each player on that team will
get a portion of the money to donate to
their charity of choice and guys that's
the best part about this event is to be
able to give back to us there's nothing
better in the world than to give back so
with that being said so let's first
start out by telling you all who'll be
hosting this event and there's no better
person to host this event other than
keemstar i'm your host killer keebz ah
so now for my first competitor that I
will be going up against in a
three-point competition is faze ruck yo
what is up guys how's everybody doing
today welcome back to a brand new video
whoa now the moment you all have you
waiting for I am about to give him the
biggest sale of his life he ain't ready
the person I will be going up against
for the one-on-one competition is Rice
gum
everybody how are you guys doing I'm
back I'm sure you all knew that was
coming oh I'm so right
so rice gum I know you're watching this
video right now after you catch this L
I'm no longer Austen to you I'm daddy to
you
so now let's break down details the
event will be held here in Los Angeles
at USC
On June 30
listen closely now you'll be able to
purchase your tickets a week from today
which is April 7 ace family I want to
see as many of you there as possible the
event only holds nine thousand people
and it's first-come first-serve
so get your tickets that day April 7 and
ace family not to mention faze rug
support system will be there so will
rice gums support system so we got to
get the tickets before before they do
guys you don't understand how excited I
am this event is gonna be huge
guys who knows there might be your
favorite artist there there's gonna be
more youtubers there there might be your
favorite celebrity there you guys aren't
gonna want to miss this event so are you
guys excited like I am June 30th Wow go
damn faze rug rice come you guys have
about three months to Train practice to
do whatever you got to do because you
know I'm gonna be ready I'm gonna need
you guys to comment down below right now
hashtag get your ticket April 7 ace
family I love you guys so much I can't
wait to see you guys where my girls that
girl god damn my girls are looking
beautiful so who's gonna win at the
event that's my girl
so girls so that a family that we want
to see them there at the event on June
30th so get your tickets when you guys
should know I should have to remind you
April 7th and just to remind you guys we
have not done a tour yet we were
supposed to I got pregnant so we're
delaying the whole thing but this is
literally going to be the very very very
first time that we have all of our ace
family members in our area in one place
all right guys we're gonna catch you in
our next video we have some more
exciting news for you guys to make sure
you stay tuned for that and we love you
guys bye
