someone told me never saw
please don't exist in my life these days
but you showed me if I
just find the fit I need to believe
anything is possible if you wanna pass
look this guy high-test your limit
you feel like stop incredible most there
I can see I'm sorry
that's talking about baby dick to eat if
you are new to our channel make sure you
hit that subscribe button join the
family and if you didn't get a chance to
see last video I surprise my fiance with
a little surprise trip of course a lot
of you guys were asking what that spot
was it's called montage in Laguna Beach
if you've never been I suggest you guys
check it out he's definitely one of our
favorite resource we've been to so far
and even though I got the trip was just
the two of us I didn't forget about my
little princess while we were on our
trip she stayed at her grandparents
house and from what we heard she did an
amazing job so since she wasn't with us
on Valentine's Day
I still got her a little Valentine's Day
so the girls are downstairs right now
I'm about to call them up princess Eldad
I got you a gift
dad I got you a little surprise
come here tell him I'm gonna come too so
you know how the other day was
Valentine's Day and you were with Papa
well I got you something cute all the
roses oh I got you some chocolates you
want to have a chocolate first before
you open it there you go
for you I got you a gift you want to see
what it is yeah okay go ahead open it
are you ready to see it there you go
just for you look I did a good job
besito so what I did a good job you
gotta work it
give me help let me help you you got it
guys she did give a damn about her
sister now her three favorite things are
gonna be this mini iPad her iPod and her
baby
wait yeah where's your baby ah let me
get it for you yeah okay here's your
baby oh you love the baby give kiss kiss
oh you want a baby brother
yeah hey I didn't know that I didn't
know you wanted a baby brother they're
gonna tell him to go night night night
good night night use your baby brother
going night-night so so how come you
don't want a baby sister cuz you want to
be the only girl you want to be the only
girl oh she's putting him to sleep
that's why you don't want a baby sister
because you're the only girl you want to
be spoiled you want to go to your room
yeah okay get your iPad good girl I'm so
happy you like it you gonna take care of
it right okay thank you so much you
dropped it here I'll hold it for you
okay
I got to get you a case for this for
real you want me to go inside okay
where's Elle where'd she go
you get your new iPad okay thank you
go get it so we can download some apps
okay some baby apps good job
come on oh don't yeah I don't forget you
baby okay let's figure this out so we go
to the App Store this chair is too big
to be near here honey
Oh geesh who brings this chair like this
oh my goodness
you want to be chillin huh what wait
where's your butt oh you sitting on your
baby
oh you better not treat your sibling
like that
look your baby's right here look look at
your baby it's on the ground look look
get your baby you better not treat just
sitting like that Baby Einstein all
right yeah I just downloaded your first
app look click next click Next
good job ed one the red one goes there
the yellow one what does the green one
go the green one moving okay so this one
goes here get it get it get it get it
get it get it alright guys so yls
enjoying her new iPad I want to teach
you guys a little bit Kathy and I have
been working on a little project we've
mentioned something to you all before
about something that we want to start
doing and getting back into I can't say
too much because the room is not ready
yet
let me shut the doors
so this back room used to be my closet
and recently we had to move all my
up out of there now we're turning this
room into something else if you guys
think you know what it is comment below
and very curious enough all I could say
is we need a few more days to finish
everything and then we'll give you guys
a little review so it makes you stay -
for that I'm sorry guys I wanted to give
you something to look forward to and I
want to teach you a little bit so I
can't show you guys the room just yet
but I can't show you guys something else
we've just received a new merch item and
to me it's by far one of our best
hoodies so as you can see the colorway
is sick got some sprinkles on top and
obviously the letter stands for Ace
family and we also got some items to
match the hoodie we got a phone case we
got a pair of socks
ooh straight by yeah I shouldn't have to
say it but I must say it anyways for
whoever is new to our channel if you
want some ace family march all you got
to do is go to shop ace family comm link
is always in description and I'm not
sure if you got a good salable mom ever
as they're feeling nauseous lately that
bad you okay a lot of you guys have been
asking me how my pregnancies been doing
and how my symptoms have been different
from my first pregnancy so I'm gonna
give you guys a little update I've been
having morning sickness every single
morning pretty much want to throw up but
I haven't thrown up yet I've been
feeling nauseous throughout the day
especially like an afternoon feel like
really really nauseous so basically
experiencing the same things I did with
L the only difference is that I'm not
getting nauseous at night I'm getting
more nauseous in the morning and and my
first pregnancy I broke out so bad had
like a lot of acne on my chest and my
back and everywhere and I haven't had
that this pregnancy so that's like the
only different thing
and I'm showing a lot sooner so I'm only
about like two months so on my first
pregnancy I didn't show until I was like
sick like five six months but this time
around a different can tell them what L
did this morning
last night yeah so last night I didn't
know this but I was like sleeping
because I didn't feel good and I was
like kind of like dozing off and I'll
grab my phone and I put it on airplane
mode right after she posted something on
the Instagram story she freaking posted
a freaking okay so yesterday morning
while we were at the resort I took a
picture of my belly to show my mom that
I was showing a little bit but it was
like right after I ate you know you have
like a belly and so that's a case of the
you and I'm pregnant like I just like
show so much more after I eat so I sent
the picture to my mom and I like
literally just had it in my phone and
I'll decided to post it on my Instagram
story and the and also we'll put this
put the picture on here so you guys can
see but I had no idea for three hours
literally like when I looked at it cuz I
thought I was on my snapchat because I
talked people to me me I thought it was
on my snapchat I looked on my snapchat
it wasn't there and then I looked on my
Instagram story and it was there and it
said three hours so like half a million
people saw it before I saw it and yeah
she's crazy so just let's just pretend
that it was come here right now you did
something yesterday come here and I
noticed while you were already sleeping
we have to talk to you are you hiding
what are you doing huh did you post
mommy's picture last night of her belly
yeah you did why did you do that you
want to show off your sibling oh I love
you I love you give me a hug I love you
alright family we'll go ahead and close
on today's video right here and I don't
know about y'all but I must go take my
ass to get a chocolate and patty take
before we close on today's video we've
to like to give our pulses shoutouts a
little bit
so today's case you shut up those two
cecilia Lauren and she said I always
like in the common before watching
y'all's mini oh girl you know we love
that we love you so whoever else like a
pole sonication shut up all you guys do
is subscribe to them hit that subscribe
button turn on our post notifications
hit that button and once you do those
two things all you do is comment and
obviously if you liked today's video
you've gotta give a thumbs up oh wait I
almost forgot to mention something I
almost forgot to mention that cats and I
will be on the all-star game on Sunday
so if you're there make sure you say hi
so like comment share and subscribe and
like me and my beautiful so like me and
Patti I always say we'll be back with
more videos wait before close on today's
video we gotta play some fire music
we're close now all right Patti let's
play it banger before we close out
today's video
