someone told me number Soler
these don't exist in my life these days
I love the view
when I close my eyes there might be sure
sure
let me get into the picture okay you
know I miss ya
I can't get enough
it can
nice family welcome back to your channel
guys what's going on everybody guess
what we're doing today we're going to a
birthday party going to else first kid
party guys excited and she'll be meeting
her first friend today
one of my friends invited us to his
daughter's second birthday party so
we're here now older but I love seeing
babies seeing other kids should be fun
I suppose have jumpers taco truck ice
cream all that fun stuff so today should
be an exciting day fun day and we're
gonna have fun right now your first your
first party oh yeah your first party
you're so cute and it's so funny because
a lot of you mentioned that L looks like
boo from Monsters Inc and Austin's mom
actually mentioned that the first day I
did it so my boo OH
if you can't tell Dad guys are matching
if princess are magic mommy oh well I'm
wearing jeans she looks that beautiful
as always
right Incubus let's do it let's go guys
you know what happens to be the first
one at the party
tell them princess like you get to eat
all the food
you get to be the first one to jump in
the jumper and you get to be the first
one to jump in the pool
grab a bet arrive event yeah
about the poppy junkies only backlit
backlit I can't do you can't really go
back there
hell no do it right now do it don't
break your neck baby come on Louie
Charlie Charlie Charlie
didn't even have enough room well wait
every time you bounce up I bow super
hyah
this one I stand right yes we all right
you're not actually doing it are you oh
my gosh let's bounce the girl let's roll
but L say hi Oh give her a kiss gimme
kiss oh happy birthday the lime mmm is
that good chicken
l can eat y'all she's a beast she loves
her food like her mama
well guys we've been here for about 30
minutes and she's already sugar
looks like I'm the only one who can Oh
guys I'm not gonna lie we getting a
little tired exhausted Reno we're still
here though turning up Hale took a nap
and now she's turned up again but we're
just having fun
this is like a different type of an
environment so we're used to because
usually like our own family at home
elders only have any friends so like
being able to be around babies is and
being around other people who are also
parents yeah it's a good feeling yeah it
is um and now just this just gets me
excited for when el has her first
birthday obviously you guys know my
birthday so excited may 28th guys which
is also a week after awesome birthday
we're gonna celebrate his birthday first
and we're gonna have a huge birthday
celebration for El okay guys so now
listen they're thinking of whoa what can
we do what ideas this is a really cool
idea I don't think she's I don't know if
to be walking by them yeah think so
but if you guys have any ideas for a
dope first birthday please comment them
below cuz we're looking for some ideas
yeah
open to whatever either but I know
obviously the first birthday
what well you want to have a cool first
birthday party yeah so is that a Twix
is that a Twix you can't have that yeah
we want this to be special obviously
shouldn't have too many friends but
still gotta be special it's not family
and whole bunch of people there but
obviously not so many friends because I
don't think on your first birthday you
have too much cool not too many things
going on but but since we are first-time
parents of course we want to make agile
right right and course we can't tell you
because we can't even look what's wrong
yeah show out how to jump
I'll just want the ball
give it back - that's her touch - Jamie
yeah there's a time I love all my neck
trying to give it to you my ex if you
come to camp and put it over here
you have it so much we're right here I'm
ranked your mama's you can see as you
start crying
you'll know what to do
grab some candy L that's your first in
oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh guys
we're gonna be completely opposition I
literally almost just cried I didn't
know what to say I was like oh okay we
came to a birthday party to celebrate my
friend's daughter's birthday but we did
not think L was gonna take her first
it's just so crazy she literally walked
for the first time ever at ten months
old guys the party guys the caption was
going to be Elle's first kid party but
now the caption has to be her first
smaller fails that Elle takes her first
steps so in shock I don't know with the
same speechless
guys I literally oh I can taste family
your little one just took her first step
guys
not now when we get home we're gonna
make her walk all over the place now now
it's over and the fact that she has like
the shoes are a little big so like when
she was taking steps they're almost like
bricks yeah so maybe without shoes
she'll walk a little more we'll see yeah
I was really really just saying today
like I wonder when she's going to start
walking but the thing is is that what
inspired her to walk today was seeing
the other kids walking by her and she
couldn't get to them yes she was so
eager to play with them she was like you
know what imma just how much this goal
you know what's crazy is like I had the
camera in my hand and awesomes like
cheek just I think she's just took a
step so I threw out the camera as fast
as I could just to see if she would
actually do it and I'm so glad that I
did
guys the altar clearly saw her first
steps like literally her first step ever
guys and you got so cool because you
guys are able to see her first step
and we can see her first up in the
future like all over and over literally
her first step guys like she has never
done anything like this
guys she did it happy birthday
they're bad yeah come here Babette
I'm tired guys we just got back and
we're ready to keel it's been a long day
tired kisses kisses no no no what you're
not getting my full lips I told you your
kisses give me energy so my guy so so
before we close out video we have to
give our notification shoutout to and by
the way guys were still in shock about
ill she's over there mushroom you can
see her keen see her no thanks she's in
her car seat sleep right now yeah I
don't want to take her out right now cuz
she needs her sleep she had a long day
she did guys we're still in shock that
she literally took her first step ever
that's sick
like she obviously was taking steps like
holding on to things but never like on
her own not really - she hasn't really
been taking steps like right she took
her first like couple steps were like
shooting onto like a toy yeah like the
couches I'm saying like she'll move
around like holding the couch yeah but
she'll fall yeah but she like literally
today take a step and then she'll fall
cuz she's too scared right but today
literally by herself yeah like not me
helping her like literally on her own
and like when I first seen it I thought
it was a leg movement at first I was
like was that leg movement or was that a
stamp and come to find out it was the
step so you guys like I'm so happy that
you guys got to witness that - because
tells such a and I'm so amazing that we
got to capture it because now we get to
show it to her when she's older I was so
in shock I didn't know what to say it
was like oh my god like I hope I
actually filmed the whole thing and I'm
like a lot of framers and I know like
I've been waiting for her to walk
because she's like you know except
didn't walk her on the couches she like
climbs upon her bed she like gets off
the couch on her own
it sounds like Dan what does she know
everything but walk like what is she
gonna watch I was like a couple words
right she's really really active she's
pretty much advanced in everything but
the whole walking thing she's been
standing up since she was like almost
six months six months right and so we've
been waiting for this so now hopefully
this is the start to her walking stages
yeah but everyone says Oh trust me just
wait you don't want them to walk right
away no what do we do
like we don't mind like running after
her no okay that's what we do every day
so it's gonna be normal all right guys
so before we close out this video we do
have to give our notification shout-out
today too
okay so today's notification shout-out
goes to
Taniya Criswell and she said your videos
are literally the highlight of my days
family I love you guys shout out to you
thank you so much for having our post
application turned on key thank you
thank you whoever else would like a
pulse' fication shoutout you guys should
already know what to do but if you don't
all you have to do is turn on our post
invitations which means hit that Bell
button somewhere I'm not sure where it
is but it's somewhere and comment when
done and obviously if you liked this
video give it a thumbs up like comment
share and subscribe and like me and my
beautiful Queen always say what do we
always say baby miles and we have a lot
of cool videos come it's almost that
time literally like you wake up every
morning and it's like Christmas cuz we
can't were like it guys these video
today the Dacian are we gonna do it
today well no like oh my god like
there's and there's like okay I can't
tell them okay it's fine
I guess um we're out of here peace
