Donna Krishna my life Tuesday's hey MJ
matter tonight what's going on everybody
there's a poly one with law or whisper
right now well guess what
robots a prank l yes art in mumble and
allow you guys a part of life that's
messed up how can you print a
ten-month-old as you know Katherine I we
would never do a harmful prank on our
little one just something fun Shafi so
right now she's my stomach so right now
she's laying on her stomach and she
enjoyed it only honored some acknowledge
waking into the morning she turns and we
call our leg she's drunk because like
turn around good should we play and to
like fall funny thing but um so when she
wakes up she always looks to see where I
am always quiet never worries about me
to go straight home so she wakes up to
see me and then if I'm not there and she
look good to see awesome fire so I don't
probably isn't a new day so that's what
the prank is is that captain's gonna
hide right right by the bed and I'm
going to put on
no lady masks grown-up old lady mask
okay what can people don't I still have
not right so you guys'll see the NASA
poor lady mask your reaction
sadly she just couldn't wake up to look
for me as you know cram I'm just going
to see that he's not much about there's
not glad to she's little Aries no she
wakes up she literally wakes up drunk
slightly smells crazy try to it
me
we're better I prank you did I get you
you been pranks I got you
well guys I hope you enjoyed that little
prank I got you
I baked you I got you and whenever you
know what happened I don't know guys I
was trying my best not to laugh but I
couldn't hold it in like I said what are
we laughing the whole time yeah as soon
as she fell back on me oh good die
laughing
and I couldn't even see anything I
goodness hear her I kept like popping up
I was like I know you didn't see me when
I popped up the second time yeah of
course not cuz you walked over her child
Laureen she was looking for your lengua
and she turned around and looked at me
and I couldn't hold it this tattoo
laughs well guys hope you enjoyed that
prank right away I wonder I wonder like
what would have happened if you didn't
laugh I know I don't know you think sure
to start crying probably but not
necessarily cuz she's scared just the
fact that you're not around
yeah I'm not alone alright guys well we
have some great news we're gonna tell
them right now no we can't tell them
right now we just want to tell them that
that it's happening okay because before
we didn't think it was happening but the
news we got yesterday also reads always
post yesterday is because we received
some great I wish I could means yeah so
we've been planning on doing something
for about four to five months and we've
been really excited about this idea
we've been thinking and talking about it
ever
since we decided we wanted to do this
and originally we wanted to do this
sooner but then at the time it wasn't
like the right time because we were
moving and we just had a lot of things
going on so now that we're approaching 1
million subscribers we want to do
something that's going to be like I
don't even want to give it away because
if I say it and I'm gonna go away I
don't want to give it away because if I
if I give it away than you guys are
going to be asking when this surprise is
going to happen but just know it's going
to be something special
yeah and it's ribbits for you guys
because at the end of the day we
wouldn't have this YouTube channel if it
wasn't for you guys and we are
approaching 1 million and so once we hit
that 1 million then it's like a reason
to do it even more you know yeah so
we're excited for that we don't want to
say too much but just know when we do
reach 1 million subscribers we have
something special for the a family no it
has to be - I just want you to know that
this is something we've been like
dreaming about and yeah even I didn't
want to do this for you guys for awhile
but only right if we plan out the right
way and so we just need a little bit
more time and we figure once we do it
that we already have we already have
like we don't I know well say we want to
do it the right way so we want to have
everything yeah like perfect yeah
and so I feel like when we do it that 1
million because I'll probably be who
knows might be next weekend or whatever
but it just at least it gives us a
little more time
ah and we're not we're not saying this
so that we hit one right governor like
however long it takes doesn't matter but
just know we just want you guys that are
supporters people who watch us every day
and the people who support us every day
we just want you to know there's
something that's coming once we hit 1
million guys just know we tell you guys
pretty much everything every step of the
way so we don't want to leave you guys
out of nothing and want you to know
everything and so
what so this is something that we want
you guys to know I know so we flew at
that we love you guys so much
Oh before we close this video we do have
something we want to touch on um about
the Facebook account oh yeah okay so
there I was there was a Facebook account
it was the 8th family Facebook account
and someone brought it to our attention
about a month ago and I didn't look into
it I don't know why I feel like I should
have but I didn't like in fear than that
I my first impression was oh this is a
fan page and so I didn't look into it
and then it big it caused any harm
yeah yesterday someone sends us a link
to the Facebook account the same
Facebook account and people think that
it's our thing right but it's not it is
not our Facebook it's fake come to find
out they actually had a website link on
their Facebook account selling
merchandise acting like it's our
merchandise so just know it's not ours
we do not have a Facebook account we
only have three Instagram pages which is
mine hers and the 8th hat collection
it's at Hayes hat collection right no
really only three oh yeah right and
another thing for those who do not know
or are new to the channel Katherine I
released some hats that dropped
yesterday so if you didn't get a chance
to check those not let you check them
out the link will be in description oh
and another thing folded photo real
quick you actually actually have them
right here you know we'll have a few
that I want to show them okay so for
those who are subscribed and have been a
part of this family I want to do
something for you guys too little
something because you guys know we just
came out with these hats so all you have
to do to have a chance to win one of
these hats that we're not even releasing
nobody will ever have them we just want
to try them out so we came out with this
colorway that one you came out with this
colorway a little pink on painting and
then we came up with this colorway so if
you guys like those hats all you have to
do is follow the
hat collection Instagram which will be
right here description as well it'll be
right here so follow that comment on the
last picture and I will take three
people to give these hats to which would
you like princess what's one we like
this one a yellow one oh you like the
yellow okay alright guys and you know
before we close out we give her a
notification shout out today - so
today's notification shout out this -
haze streaks and it spelled h8 y Z
streaks and she said I hope I can get me
a shout out haha hey Austin can I get
your snapchat for those people who
follow me on snapchat you know what
you're talking about kinda like an
inside joke thing so shout to you girl
thank you so much for having our pulse
of the Gators turned on whoever else
would like a falsification shout-out all
you got to do is turn on our pulse
indications and Connor when you're in
time obviously if you like this video
you got to give it a thumbs up like
comment share and subscribe write and
like me and my beautiful family my
beautiful princess my beautiful Queen
always say we'll be back with more
videos peace we're so excited about them
please
