lunch box check orange check chips check
baby cracker check PB&J check water
check mic check blanket
check park check me crazy baby because I
had to go staring at the park I roll a
kid oh she see the other little toy food
I had no friends
we need a friend the only thing she saw
going though and she meets another baby
she always wants to grab the baby and
then they're like always me me hey get
your hand stop there we go yeah hey okay
go play go ahead go be free walk
imagine we can start walking and I'm
gonna be like following her everywhere
she could be here here lay at the hook I
got your hey look in the ball your purse
your purse with your coins and your and
how you hold your first yeah are you
looking at my soccer gonna be a soccer
player when you grow up
ah I'm going to take that as a male I
buy my Park
but guys all knows how to say bye and hi
now don't let you play catch
going good she doesn't know how to walk
yet but she knows how to throw a ball
hey ace Bentley welcome back to our
channel guys what's going on guys as you
can see we are at no Clark
ELLs second favorite place to be I was
thinking about other than on Mommy's tit
look out you'll know her knee is not
ladylike
for those who live in LA you know today
is a beautiful day so if you're in the
house or you're somewhere where you're
not outside I suggest you go outside
because you're being too hard yeah
you're missing out on a beautiful day so
big thing for us right now is hell
meeting other babies and her socializing
with other babies so what we're trying
to do is bring her to the park at least
once a week so that she can meet other
kids and play socialize and right now
she's got no friends I got no friends
right now and that's okay
but sooner or later I want her to have
friends that she can play with them and
she can you know if she is very outgoing
and ever she does see a baby or a little
kid oh my god maybe I should get so
happy not to get cocky
and for those who have noticed the hat
that I'm wearing you should already know
it's Katharine and I his hat for those
who are new to our channel Catherine and
I own a hat brand so if you're
interested in checking out our hat the
link will be in the description and this
right here is actually a new hat that we
picked up today and we will be releasing
on Friday so stay tuned for that will
probably release it around 4:00 p.m. I
believe right 4:00 p.m. so I'll give you
guys a quick little preview real quick
the new hat they'll be coming out in a
couple different colorways so make sure
you check them out on Friday and
Catherine is also wearing Pac Man one
we've had this one out for about three
four months
it's laxmi and that one's been off for a
while so go check them out patty-cake
loaded Northcott uh not patty-cake it's
called it's called pattycake let's go
slide fly she's like I don't know that
MoMA
yeah I need that damn look at that baby
right there
damn look at that baby right there but
damn look at that mama right there - mmm
are you even real your mom you can't be
a mom and is this year baby she is too
cute
yes the swing is ready well you ready
want to swing whoa by yourself Wow look
at you you're a big girl now
Wow you're on the swing
look mommy push mommy push mama you know
I look at boy look over here hell yeah
what daddy tell you about that no boy oh
my gosh thank you
what I know I know
so sad let me tap on the same time I
gotta meet you I gonna need you I gotta
tease you you want to see your daddy
gonna get us in my daddy ready ready
higher cuz I gotta know about this one
hey weekend on little Carl forgot swing
I'll be the air oh yeah yeah yeah
I think this slide is taller I'm gonna
look like yeah are you guys go up there
hold the camera you girls be careful now
all right let me get a kiss for you guys
go up let me kiss just in case I'm happy
let me get a kiss out give me kids thank
you oh come on already
again again Romi again again
let's do it I say you guys go on the big
one
alright you guys going the big one now
go on the big one girl
whoo this is a big kid Slidell can you
do this one all right this one sometimes
alive
here we go put your arms put your legs
and let's do it let's do it
good job say hi al
look al she's saying hi is the beautiful
thing about having a family and having a
little one if you get to experience
everything for the first time as if you
were looking right yeah it's kind of
fact is the more she does you know the
older she gets and it's sad right start
she's growing up so fast just seeing her
on the swings I want to just makes me
feel some type of way I'll not explain
it just know for those people out there
soon to be parents or want to be parents
just know you have some special things
look forward to and the parents out
there you know what I'm talking about hi
guys I must admit we had a great time at
the park well did you have a great time
an amazing time huh well did you have a
great time oh where you trying to go
in a train what do you do it yeah you
can tell she had a great prom and after
we were done here at the park guess what
we're going to go tell them that but
tell them what we discovered how what we
decided we're gonna give you guys a
little secret roaming discovered then
shake it's called like the Oreo shake
from Cheesecake Factory and it oh my god
do not sell nobody else with secret the
secret the ace family secret okay guys
just know if you go the Cheesecake
Factory and you ask them for the Oreo
shake they're gonna give you some
deliciousness so just know about it so
after we leave here we're gonna pick up
some shakes and we're going to kill him
so before we close out this video we do
have to give our notification shout out
to yes and today's indentification shut
up to Josh in Quitman and he said show
me out and the students of wife Emily
chinga you guys learn amazing and fun
and inspirational oh thank you so much
Josh
I appreciate you bro thank you so much
for having our pulse indications turned
on whoever else would like a pulse on
vacation shout out all you have to do is
comment when you're done but first you
got to turn on our pulse on vacation so
turn on our post indication click that
Bell button for those who do not know
how to turn a post on vacation and
comment when and obviously if you like
this video give it a thumbs up like
comment share and subscribe and like me
and my beautiful Queen always say let me
back with more videos too
