hey what's going on everybody
well guess what guys he had to take the
Jeep not for long well not for long
first the flowers or maybe a couple of
days yeah but we should be getting it
back within a few hours we're now here
at the Jeep dealership where I purchased
the Jeep we had to take it back because
we needed a running board on the Jeep
and he wants on why okay well we first
got the car I always thought that it was
kind of high so I'm going to get in but
then I realized that it's so difficult
with having a baby and putting her on
her car seat and I'm having runner
boards I had it literally go in the back
seat and sit there and then sit her in
the car and then get in the front so
it's been very good a challenge guys
yeah the cheaper so I had it lifted had
it raised and if you follow me on
snapchat you know that my mom couldn't
get in to see nothing and now that
Austin's grandmother stays with us a
couple days out of the week we have to
make sure we get running boards for her
because she can't even get in the car
absolutely like pick her up to get her
inside is crazy so hopefully out of
today or a few days and over get the
Jeep back it will be a lot easier for
all of us give out the Jeep and we'll
have no more children present so
hopefully I'm hoping in a few hours
we'll have it so I can show you guys
what it looks like so yeah so in the
meantime we're going to go walk around
and grab some food right yeah it's cool
like stinky guys I forgot to show you my
first course of the car that this was in
here amazing leadership even as
ambassador in cold adduction like you
tell me I don't know you like it
this one right here blazing
you try yourself
Shelby Jeep y'all for the deep my booty
cheeks for one Street all right
i le me China oh hell no I'm done I'll
quickly get one shot it is all about
this penny are you given much I in
concentrating impressive pretty
impressive so that was extremely
impressive who was out there one on one
on one in my life I know damn well I
know youtubers out here I can Memphis is
way ok
you never lasted that back you lie all
right we'll probably still out in here
guys guys
Austin was number three in the nation
last year at three-pointers and he also
played d1 college basketball you guys
are new to our channel you guys might
not go Tuesday even though it's a wimpy
you don't like it move it
okay the destination on your lap a local
model
are a family the Jeep should be ready
Shelby's ready
she's obsessed guys queen is upset dang
now you can finally get in look at that
oh here let me see let me see how you
get in there nice you like it
alright guys the cars a little dirty
right now but these are the running
boards the car because it's so high up
alright guys we are now here at the
village which is an outdoor mall I'll
have to get ready to go inside a-alright
we are pretty much like minimalist so we
don't have a lunch at our place like on
our walls or anything but we really like
this place that we looked at a couple
months ago and we're just kind of like
interested in getting some color on our
walls so we're going to be walking into
this art store and what their pieces are
it's photography like hearts of copper
being their pieces are unbelievable like
the leave you speechless and they're so
expensive but they're like worth having
so we're going to take a look you know
these pieces that you're about to see
your actual photos I hasn't taken and we
love them so much because you know we
can have them for years and I enter
place now and then the future places
that we move into
that right there look how beautiful that
is
this is captain stereo
these pieces are so amazing
brilliant animator so we're trying to
figure out and decide which one we like
the most and probably in the beginning
it's not today but sometimes all right
guys you can see where we're at now
place where we shouldn't be all year I
do know what I was thinking you can
cheat everyone yeah I guess all right
guys we get to see scammy we're gonna go
home I'm finding it chill for rest of
the day well you know we're going to do
we're going to stock your guys's
Instagram account yeah so if you guys go
and like and comment on our Instagram
we're going to like and comment back
we're gonna get stalking Jones yep so if
you don't follow us on Instagram they
should be that mine will be right here
so follow us on our Instagram account
and let's talk each other you know I
mean today's notification shout-out goes
to Ljubljana and Esmeralda I thought and
she said done I turned on your
notification bar
you guys are my number one favorite
human bird shout-out to you girl how do
you thank you so much have an hour pull
some cases turned on whoever else would
like a post on vacation shout out all
you do is turn on our publications and
comment when obviously if you liked this
video give it a thumbs up like comment
share and subscribe and like me and my
beautiful Queen always say more videos
pee patties are the best so many guys on
total body so tell nobody
