all right guys look what Elvis everytime
I unroll this makeup brush bag show them
what you do yeah show them what you do
you do this every time
all right congratulations you get all
the brushes out are you going to put
them back yeah are you going to help me
put them back
ace family do you know anybody that does
their makeup like this
coin what are you doing are you ready to
go yet yeah I just have to do my you
know we got a little rendezvous today
right well you know you better tell
mother brushes they're gonna be mad if
you don't tell him so guys I have
something to show you so this is a
makeup brush set that I just got
recently and it's from vanity planet
which I've also got other products from
there to show you guys in the past so
this was specifically the reason why I
freaking love it is because okay so I
got a demonstrated a little Italy
they're so beautiful so if you have acne
or sensitive skin natural animal hair
brushes can irritate your skin really
badly and it actually makes it worse so
if you have any skin issues transition
to a synthetic brush and this is what I
did because I have what sometimes I get
acne and yeah my students are like every
time so this really works really well
for that
and then I love the fact that it comes
with this vegan roll opting which is
good for traveling which I'm going to
need in the future and actually it
doesn't really matter because I just put
my brushes in here every day anyways
what makes it soft l50 okay and then
another thing too that i wanted to
mention is that they are super
affordable so i know how hard it is to
find good quality brushes so what i'm
going to do for you guys is before i
upload this video i'm going to put a
link in the description for these
brushes
there's 70% off so they come out 230
dollars even and yeah they're really I
really recommend done so and you guys
are looking for brushes this is a good
one as well for me thank you guys for
coming
for me yeah oh and then this one it's
really cool because you know how little
is what I do is I use it for my setting
powder and yeah it's perfect all right
let me show them what I like to use tubs
ah fellas also for women but this is
just for the fella for now you see this
blue tahiti island dream this is that
good telling you can get it at
wherever am i bad somebody bath and body
ladies and gentlemen fellas
this right here is legit I'm telling you
if you're into that fruity delicious
smell I suggest you get this I'm telling
you I don't know if I put the dish I
don't hold on hold up I don't know I'll
put the link in the description for you
but this is that good good so someone
sent me this through my PMO and I don't
know who it is because I really thought
I oh it is but I'm using it every day I
put this on my pillow like every night
until asleep and it's just it's like oh
my I don't know it is it's called Prince
old home or a cleansing spray and then
so you shake it well and it's good for
bad vibes and it's distilled water and
it's certified pure therapeutic grade
Clevenger's anyways we love it hey
welcome back your channel guys what's
going on everybody
so today me and my beautiful queen are
going on that one big she is grandma's
video we're gonna I play at City Walk so
if you guys aren't familiar with I fly
it's basically like skydiving but it's
not skydiving because they're not
exploring some guy you're fighting a
little tube man
we're going to be doing that today so
we're really we have never done this
before
don't we have an appointment for 10:30
a.m. for a basically like an instruction
class type of thing to teach us before
we actually get on the Sinister and then
we have an appointment at 11:30 for the
actual flying so we are going to be
something that we're really really
nervous because we don't really know
what's good you guys have never seen
anything like this I suggest should keep
watching because after you watch this
you're going to want to do it I just get
a blank nervous because I don't know how
you're gonna because I know how you are
I was like anything
oh great I'm crazy like so which up the
other goes um right anyway so this today
you also every day Fiona beautiful men
sad SAV veil vanillin gracias I promise
papa
a person asked a man a Picasso I'm Mimi
Sabinas ran to the hospital
Dona Mirana Kakaako moment
Caracara videos and espanol okay I see
Karen Calabi they also met with all day
today you know
Moda much yeah hey PL human equality
cosa method on comentario elfin on the
scale mucho general massa Mario called
finito Ozma she told me talking about it
actually considered a winner
I want to give you shots today to
Victoria for making this all possible
thank you so much exciting alright guys
we do have 20 minutes to our class
starts we do have to take a little
course before we actually do it so we
sort of walk around for about 20 minutes
and then go four o'clock when we're
ready guys
I will not believe when I'm looking at
right now this is Austin seconds long
yo this happening with my second place
to be on earth right here the biggest
candy store ever
we got all type of goodies in a heart
form I know they're huge
where's my favorite let's go doll man so
I must ask I'm up at what candy don't
you have here I say going handy what not
Matthew like what candy don't you guys
have in the store the other everything
oh my god guys they even have a 5 pound
gummy bear all right god he'll be on it
I was trying to leave here without
getting candy but it is just impossible
so let's go to bag of it let's get back
Oh gonna hear something funny this is
the type of person that I am often can
eat a whole box of candy as long he's
here I personally would eat one and I
would get in trouble for eating one so
are you Catherine Austin those are all
right guys I'm ready to check out we're
going to be late guy
so feeling stronger we now feel where
I'll never be before you're like me I
used to drive it
no excuse but I'm saying man you got me
back is I gonna walk inside if I said
your show
I'll say it I will be all right I guess
you mean
you make me buy read fast a big
impression
Brina nothing I can help with I love you
make me I know I know
you make me back
but a warning times it I started show
what I feel hot hey it'll be all right
I'm sure me me whatever stop me right
how was it we do a family how do you
live it really well this yeah a lot of
people is hoarding a little it is here
is great oh my pleasure
alright guys well let's get a great real
quick as you know tell us how we did so
thank you so much
so much fun thank you so much for coming
thank you awesome thank you alright guys
a little crazy right now but we just got
done and now about to eat so Brazilian
steakhouse lounge
great great yeah this place is amazing
we've never been here before but look at
this it's like a buffet and they serve
like over 20 meats
oh my gosh guys look at the meat we're
cooking back there they're cooking
is she doing
look great but as you can see that's all
we got now we're waiting on our meet
wait on our delicious meat is it like 15
meets the tooth oh thank you
what is that tri-tip really good
oh thank you mother
well this is at home hope you guys enjoy
today we did Thursday to summary India's
you said it done love you guys we love
you girl whoever else is like a most if
you shut up or you gonna do a trial
powerful implications and comments and
obviously if you like this video we
gotta give it a thumbs up like comment
share and subscribe and like my music
we'd only thing
well that's is more Vidya P
