hey dr. Chang guys what's going on
everybody
today we are making a quick video on a
project that we were working on the
other day really last minute but we
wanted to share with you guys a few days
ago we had a photo shoot family photo
shoot that you guys are unaware of at
the moment because we haven't post any
pics from it just yet so shout out to
our photographers it's here
shout out to you girl so did you guys
know we kind of like a little team we
got a photographer a couple
videographers so yeah so we had a photo
shoot a couple days ago and after that
photo shoot was done we decided to
create a last-minute little project I'm
not sure what you would call it music
video flash project flash creative slash
fun this literally thought man and we
were at the beach well Austin's mom was
on the beach so we just walked to the
beach and they're like hey let's just do
something cool today since we're already
like dressin we're crazy because we had
been shooting all days but the videos
are not really cool and it was all like
it was all of our ideas put together so
Austin and I and then colleagues is kind
of like me Brad auction is like a video
right yes you guys know Fred when our
videographers and we had a new member
his name was colleague he's one who
created this video which you guys will
be seeing today yeah like she said it
was just all of us brainstorming with
creativeness and we all put it together
and it came out better than I thought
yeah but he killed the video shot you
kalique so basically what we want to do
is we want to create these videos for
you guys as often as we can so whether
it's every two weeks i wern't if it's
once a month whatever if you guys like
these then we will make more of them so
if you guys you know are asking for us
to keep making these videos and you guys
are commenting and you know you're
you're like you're excited to see the
next one and then we are all for making
all the videos
right we want to probably make what like
one one every two weeks yeah we can and
we have all these great ideas and we're
trying to get them out there and the
point is that we just want to make sure
that you guys want to see them right you
want to do stuff different because we
haven't seen too many couples do this
especially on YouTube so we wanted like
you said we want to have these creative
videos and include them in our vlogs and
obviously we'll make shorter one for
Instagram and Twitter but yeah these are
just a different aspect of what we do
and then another thing to another
specific video like we said it is last
minute so there's no like storyline per
se to it we want to do some in the
future that have story lines that are a
little longer than this one
so this is just kind of like a preview
of what we're able to do with colleagues
but this one's still built it is in the
storyline yeah different right edits are
amazing so and this song is actually not
released yet so I'm sure you guys gonna
be asking where is the song where the
song is all that really is another issue
the music that we have been using and
listening to and listening to they are
not released and another person of our
team is one of our artists that we call
our artist could you make music for his
name is Gladys I call my artist because
you so dope is the one who Darren Cheryl
and Travis and we've mentioned it many
of times before the song is not released
yet that specific song isn't released
and so are the other songs that we've
been listening to you know on our
snapchat through our social media so you
guys can be getting those very don't
marry things shut you good you guys
ready to see the video I will be honest
so we received this video last night I
often watch it I'm not kidding
I'm not kidding I swear you watch it
around like 80 times 80 and I love all
Polly cosmic bro can you please finishes
like I'm thirsty I want to post this I
want to post it please send it so he
finally said it last night
I only took them 24 hours and like so
much we received it I just can't
watching it watching it over and
you know it was like I don't want to
watch it anymore because I want to love
it just as much every time I see it and
I know I'm gonna watch it even more 1 2
' y'all can't guitar video it's really
cool and you ready yeah and we were like
so in her element like we weren't trying
to do anything specific we were just as
you doesn't see it's not yeah okay
goodnight you so will not share with a
same you guys ready are y'all ready to
see a ready all right who's gonna pop up
and three
I just think water slightly and they're
flying country but I'm amazed at the
view while I'm tripping I'm falling down
inside of you so are my proteges piece
of hands and stared at the moment I feel
like somebody's watching me as I watch
you in this last level underneath the
Andromeda galaxy how is anything I'll
give you all of it
I'll give you wedding rings on top of
silver rings on top of me
all right so it's all fake okay you guys
like it be honest no comment below what
you guys think and if you want more
because obviously we're gonna give you
guys more yeah we're gonna give you
something better they're gonna be like
what they just creating you're right and
L was right L will be in them as well
she wasn't in this one because she was
sleep at the time she knows he was
grumpy because she was on the beach all
there she will be in them in the future
being to look up her and yeah so we're
excited guys I'm excited to come I am
obsessed with the video and I just want
to keep creating more day by day but I
know these type of things take time
so yeah shops in my team y'all we gonna
keep grating I love you so much well
today's family were just going to
continue to grow so going so fast it's
funny cuz everyone says that everyone's
I can't yeah oh so fast but it's not
really that we're going for that you
guys don't feel that with us it's a team
with a family yeah East family is a big
family I was going to tell you the girl
so you guys like the video like I said
give it a thumbs up like comment share
and subscribe and like me and my
beautiful Queen always say probably that
will more videos P
