Donna kids never left me days hey spend
day
what's going on everybody this is very
last minute today a little the lyric
prank on Catherine and a lot you guys
and asked me to do this prank on
Catherine
or finally doing you guys in the reason
well winter fun right now
the reason one which were not initiating
which he or she never he's been helpful
every time I try to pull bring on them
so hard to set up sedation let's go get
a pedicure done to go down
we
all right guys so I'm minding my own
business I'm doing the makeup I'm
getting ready and I hear Austin another
room could be so freaking loud that
you're gonna do prank on me I heard a
nice camera but I'm okay you couldn't
prickle me so what you just saw is that
he is doing the intro for a lyric prank
so what I'm gonna do I'm gonna go get my
nails done how a pedicure plumbing in
like 20 minutes
she's gonna be texting me and I'm gonna
reverse the prank on him so basically
I'm just gonna flip the script so he's
gonna be doing whatever he's gonna do
and then I'm just gonna say some
outlandish stuff to him that he is not
going to even expect so not sure how
long I'm gonna take because the place is
literally right down the street
well figure out to the intial now and
then head out what you mean sorry
already make sure you keep laughing oh
yeah
Tesla finally left as you guys know I
mustered a lyric prank on her I got the
lyrics right in front of me I picked out
this song lady burn by Usher
this song is so damn old she gonna have
no idea and I'm not sure how long she's
going to take and siliceous get right
into it
all right see it's burning me to hold on
to this I know it's something I got to
do but that don't mean I want to look
crazy sorry almost low-tech sir see it's
burning me to hold on to this burning me
to hold on to this I notice something I
got to do I know this is something I got
to do but that don't mean I want to what
that don't mean I want to whoo here we
go
it about to get really all about to get
real now we just wait hopefully she has
her phone in her hands because it's not
this prank angle work
I'll know why y'all but every time I
bring Catherine I always get nervous
come on baby what are you doing
what the oh here we go here we go
almost done with my petty what you just
completely ignore what I'm talking about
I don't want nothing to eat trying to
prank your life all right well she going
to ignore this maximum what I'm trying
to say is that I love you I just I feel
like this is coming to an end
hell yeah what I'm trying to say is that
I love you I just got I dot I feel like
this is coming to an end
yeah like this is coming damn I can't
spell we're coming to an end
st. let's go BA segi real shame she
ain't getting nor this
we all know when we receive a text like
this our hearts just drop what are you
doing
don't y'all hate that when you text the
body they take back you were fast check
them again then they take forever like
what are you doing you know we having a
conversation she probably over there
really thinking like what is he talking
here we go
I'm just gonna go to shore to you cuz
it's mixed up why are you keeping
knowing what I'm saying yes well we got
her attention
what the hell you talking about here say
about it
alright next one and it's better for me
to let it go mount and hold on and hurt
you
what damn I gotta say hi buddy and it's
better for me to let it go now for me to
let it go now then hold on and hurt you
then hold on and hurt you
I wanna watch this in the shark should I
send it y'all take them so i send it i
cool
damn that was messed up yeah she rolled
back fast as hell on this one she now
playing them what the fuck Wow
you
all right guys so I'm about to be home
Austin obviously still doesn't know I'm
pretty sure he doesn't have a camera
running because I'm so angry right now
and she's already tried calling me like
20 times and I haven't responded it so
what I'm going to do is I'm going to
hide the camera next to my prayers and
you guys can hear at conversation are
you texting that while you text me when
you text me because to be honest it was
just a prank
like you know their strength they
finally respond and they text the person
it was just a prank
so explain why were you saying what
you're saying because hi Ralph you know
what like I didn't know was a prank I
don't know you're been doing that I
didn't know those what you were doing
but I feel like I've never had a chance
they're really tight you out of here I'm
so cookie my words come from
what I heard you ironed you in the other
room and you're in pain you're doing a
prank yeah everything I love ya me shook
for me like I even turned off the camera
class like yo I'm not gonna pull it I
was like why another coordinator I was
like why the hell is he even like doing
this prank like it's so stupid like why
would it even work like what you were
saying that he make any fun it make
sense to me no it didn't make any sense
so I thought you know I had you for a
second
not really we knew this whole time yeah
I heard you I like I was in the room
you're being super Wyoming and I'm like
walking like so innocently and I'm like
oh you probably filming like a walk
today and you didn't tell me about and
then you're like I'm doing weird prank
on Catherine I don't know what lyrics
we're going to use but I knew you're
going to do something damn you got my
eyes for real girl
like all of you also should like y'all
wait till she gets home we got some time
I can't and I didn't think I didn't
think you would think it was real
I thought I thought you I thought you
knew I knew when you walked in you
really look sad oh ho oh my arms hurting
guys that was messed up the whole time
that's crazy
but don't effort today no it's over
there look politically fellas setup look
I shut the camera off everybody you're
gonna shut the camera off cuz I then I
started realizing I was for real because
you kept calling me a million times
I was like okay yeah he doesn't have
that camera off yeah my heart was like
racing all right guys I must admit she
got me
do you like my toes I could have flown
you look pretty ooh I like that color I
could afford was gonna work but okay you
got me I'm it are you are you looking
for that camera was I looking for me
yeah no because the cameras always like
put away totally okay because when I cut
when I brought it with me I was like
dang you got to see that I took the
camera no that's the only reason why
that's the only reason that's why I
thought it wasn't going to work because
I thought you wouldn't find out that I
took the camera did you detect me what
you said but you don't a family always
shook I was like all right guys before
we close out this video we do have to
give our notification shout-out today to
me I have a say because that shot go to
it goes to I do today is a notification
shot up goes to Andy good at piano yes
well liquid said read the message so he
ate family turn notifications on can you
please send me a shot up for my
seven-year-old daughter leiana we had a
little Julianna I have sent a couple of
requests and nothing she really love you
guys anymore okay thank you we love you
guys thank you so much for having our
post notifications turned on anybody
else who would like to shout out all you
gotta do is turn on our post implication
and comment when done and obviously if
you like this video give it a thumbs up
like comment share and subscribe know
and like me about beautiful clean always
say that is peace
