hey dr. young guys what's going on
everybody so today we will be doing a
peel box opening we have decided since a
lot of you guys have been asking us to
do a peel box opening we were decided
that we'll be doing a few of these each
month the reason is because we want
everyone to be able to have a chance for
their package or box to be opened up in
our video so for those who have sent
boxes or packages will be open it up in
our videos but if you send a letter we
will be open up those on snapchat
because sometimes we get too many of
them and we don't want our video to be
two hours long so it is easier for us
that way so if you do not follow us on
snapchat my snapchat will be ready and
mine will be right here so follow us on
there you can see your letter being
opened so if you do send us a letter
just know that we do read every single
one of your letters and we do read them
on snap shot and then we also read them
afterwards
when we have more time I tweet all of
them in this room here and there on a
pile right now so that they're making
non gets run away I keep them all not be
rude just remember you a lot easier and
a lot quicker for us we are doing a
YouTube video on our movie oh we will be
opening them up at the same time so
things can go a lot quicker right we
don't want to send anyone we love every
single one of your gifts you guys don't
have to send us anything
so we're great we really appreciate
everything that we receive and before we
open up anything we first want to start
by saying thank you to all of you guys
because we truly do have the best
supporters in the world yeah it's crazy
because we show up to our P box office
and we don't expect to receive anything
and then when we see stuff we're just
like wow this is so crazy
alright guys let's start so we want you
to do so much Oh
oh yes this one is from Courtney here me
kind of heart open you guys be pretty
tight into the Bible a lot on it oh my
god okay there we go there we go now
this is plenty in the beam oh yes some
are microwave Oh oh my god this is
crystal and home horror cleansing spray
so our new crystals in your guy's mom oh
my mama told me baby
I'm loving it wait so this is you you
are phrases that moment like
my god that is so tall oh my god oh
thank you oh my god working I love you
thank you so much
know why I like that thank you so much
you really know oh wait more
oh really nice I love the color
thank you so much I'm not sure you name
it but I know the Brooklands of
boutiques oh thank you thank you
this is it's to me and it's from Asia
Asia Valentine from Bethenny very
literal mm-hmm she's on the bra so it's
so pretty
that's really nice beautiful oh my god
you're so cute forever deep sucks and be
mine be mine alone thank you thank you
thank you I hate that I just died on
pronouncing your name mom oh I love you
only thank you so much thank you
Thank You Deputy slippers you're the key
and we'll be wearing them so make you
fall so snapchat this one is from Brooks
Olek
thank you we need more of these - oh my
gosh oh my god this is beautiful
that's cute that's really cute oh yeah I
was going to be running for sure little
cute
oh I'm so here look I love I'll get you
some you might or notice but FEMA but
team are our is FEMA over it thank you
girl for just mentioning that you're
going to see on snap concert or
individual we need to give it a all gold
energy in your moccasin yes nine months
all perfect
okay that was a fucking rising star okay
thank you girl thank you here we go a
letter
Alton I see a girl snapchat also miss
you know each other
okay gosh I read all the letters
anyway said this is from Kim you don't
do I know what to do it is that dark
ography yes is that way photographer it
doesn't they know is possibly happening
alright so I'm going to read this later
because I want to like really location
such as this daughter really fits what
you're saying oh oh it is so pretty
crazy
wow thank you oh I love it thank you so
much I listen to this really cute
this is from Chris Christian Perry oh
thank you step 1 I like one of the
pictures on my card concurrently I will
put this in my purse along everything
outside I'm right and this is definitely
useful well it was so cool thank you so
much Wow very nice so how about fake
kind of tossing American still there
later
alrighty
this is from Stacy just CC
this one is from all you love it you
love it
smell this oh it's oh my god guys go
thank you so much
this is exactly what I mean by the way
from our supporter give me a incense
last times and a lot of stops happening
and I've been using that everything miss
my God thank you thank you so much
anymore because you awesome yes stepping
you know you need to get energy
Zeppelin's of them this is Sir we get
are any money gotta be something so that
one too ok you guys package please mmm
any my sister oh here it is and I'm I'm
eight one of my sisters rule of 18 years
old and Ralph at 16 and Rossum is 21
three sisters you later
alright guys trying to figuring out
what's going on here oh no no no no no
you have to read this one this is the
most important one anything
it's said these little papers are paper
notes Worrell to learn how to write
really cool didn't a lot of thought
behind this right here right and each
one has a note and it says you like what
is going to be on it or what is that
what is it what's it going to be about
on top of it okay this one says whole
thing when you're feeling tired okay
open when you're worried about your
future open when you're feeling lonely
open when you need a hug open when you
argue in it's your fault really make it
it's tough though so I want to open that
what you lack the message isn't
allowable so that's so cool let's open
one open when you miss someone open when
you're sad open when you're mad at
someone open when you're sick open when
you've had a bad day open when you're
over thinking and uh maybe over when
you're over singly maybe have been
overthinking a lot lately
overthinking write a pros and cons list
of what you might be overthinking I'm
sure everything will click right into
place and you could finally make a
decision very true thank you so making
something actually that helps is what we
are
oh hello world it's me L don't
understand from the sun is shining and
the sky is bright blue and it's a big
world and it all seems near an
especially delivery so premiums happen
from that bouncing beautiful baby girl
just like with you I never even existed
okay
it's so amazing and all this might be
our favorite books into stable series or
when I'm able to reason her into this
table standard family
thank you thought I really
Oh beautiful
wow this is really cool thank you
Camaros in Rome there's nothing like
that yeah oh he did a quick thing on
that is on Adriana does all of it
thank you so much and let me open up all
of that all right we've got two more two
more
Oh Lindsay clemency selfie girl this one
is from
okay look trucker net okay my queen oh
brother
a lot of good happens but oh no you
didn't know daggers on some chain
mama baby so Green is one of my favorite
candies I hope you guys enjoy it
I love you have a hard time working out
lose that flower yeah and you got only
know yourself what is it over there so
fast
Oh beautiful
thank you I love cells whether a
grapefruit 200 aroma oil smells like a
ginger what we vendor in there
I'm knocking rubbing your booty for
white Nissan Micra and we'll see when
they're a little 50 bucks
this box is from Roberto and they're
from Roxbury MA and they got us a little
bunny flat baby / pumpkin thank you oh
my god what you got on this one though
we love it and then the back sent out
lining which is so cute on the bonnet is
right now watching the skinners of it
grandma
thank you they got you know they got you
isn't that cute yeah yeah yeah look just
hello well that's me out you love you
say hi today family look tonight at a
family right here the remic look no okay
he liked all the presents okay okay that
one we got a lot more no thank you guys
so much for everything you said we truly
appreciate it it was an amazing peel box
opening I love everything yes really
acting like we said we'll be doing a few
of these each month so everyone can be
in a video and we couldn't think you
guys are not you guys seriously are the
best supporters in the world just so you
know we do visit our channel box office
regularly and we teach the boxes until
we open them up on camera so we don't
open them without you guys watching we
want to make sure everyone gets featured
and everyone sees our box being open and
when they said we are very grateful and
appreciative of everything and receive
we don't ask for anything but we
appreciate everything so yeah and before
we close out with you let's give our
- shut up - great Anderson thank you so
much for having us get turned on like we
always say if you were like in the space
shuttle I'll get to do a turn on your
pulse on vacation and comment like so
obviously if you liked this video give
it a thumbs up like comment share and
subscribe and let me my beautiful Queen
always say we'll be back with more
videos please
