hey spam lag I know a lot of you guys
are probably wondering why we do not
have an intro and we must admit we have
been procrastinating for a while now
because we wanted that perfect intro
that defines who we are and what we
stand for
exactly so it took us a while to put it
all together and find the perfect song
and it's not too long and it's not too
short just right so I hope you guys
enjoy it about to show it to you guys
finally you guys ready
here goes someone
don't exist in my life these days huh
all right so what'd you guys think you
guys liked it
you guys liked it be honest comment
below what you guys think we liked it
that's all I should matter yeah we also
want our family to like it as well all
right guys we got a lot of run around to
do about to go check our peel box a day
about to go and get ill trying to be as
Ptolemy's yeah but to go pick up a gift
that we've been wanting to get her for a
while now so before I head out I've
noticed you guys have been asking me to
do videos like makeup tutorial hair um
anything Fitness related tips fashion
whatever it is that you guys are
wondering um I am planning to do a
channel for myself so I'm going to be
doing all those videos really soon stay
tuned for that I told her once we reach
1 million subscribers and she's gonna
have her own channel
yeah doing all that stuff for you guys
yeah so I've been working on a whole
bunch of notes and a whole bunch of
videos that I'm going to be doing so I
really want to share with that with you
guys um I have a lot of videos in mind
and obviously I can't put this on this
channel because this channel is very
family related it's things that we do
all together so I know a lot of you
might not want to see all that stuff so
I am going to be making my own channel
um very soon and I'm also going to be
doing a lot of my videos in Spanish and
maybe also in French ok so if you guys
are interested in that um obviously I
haven't created the channel already but
I am planning on doing it's very soon
but for today um I noticed a lot of you
have been asking about our skin care
routine and we did do a video a couple
of months ago but I deleted it because I
feel like it wasn't good enough so in
the meanwhile I'm going to show you a
couple of products that I really love
Austin as well just some products that
we use everyday that we genuinely
alright guys so the first product that I
want to show you that I've been using
for about 2 weeks it's this one right
over here it's an electric toothbrush
and it's also by vanity planet as I
mentioned before I actually use this as
well from vanity planet so this is it
right here
it includes two brush heads and then one
introduc
little brush head and it has a sanitizer
as well that kills 99% of the germs and
bacteria on the toothbrush head so
that's really cool and then there's two
brushing modes so while I'm using it um
and I can show you as well so I'm not
going to put the actual toothpaste on
the toothbrush to show you because
that's just going to be messy so the
reason why I love this toothbrush is
because I personally have retainers
permanent retainers on my teeth and Aven
on the bottom so this little brush is
really good for me because it gets all
the food and everything stuck in between
because it's really hard to floss in
between your teeth when you have a
permanent retainer so this is how I use
it and you can see like it working
really well
it literally just gets everything out
which is awesome and then it'll last for
two minutes I believe and then it'll
keep going if you're still brushing so
which is really cool
another thing why I love this toothbrush
is because I had a dentist tell me that
I brush on my gums really hard and so
since I have this toothbrush now and
it's like really small like it's like a
smaller toothbrush I don't actually get
my guns anymore so I'm just brushing my
teeth which is really cool so that's
another reason why I really love it the
toothbrush also comes with a
satisfaction guarantee and a warranty as
well so that's good to know just want to
put that out there obviously I'm a
person who's really into hygiene and I
love to just like take care of my skin
and take care of my hair and use great
products but I've never really been into
using like a great toothbrush even
though I'm really big into hygiene and I
love taking care of my teeth and I floss
every day um but yeah so I discovered
this toothbrush and I love it I use it
every night um every day are you talking
about that damn toothbrush again yeah
you scared me
Oh with everybody all that to go home oh
my grandmama I know I know so many
people about it but yeah so I really
love the toothbrush and um I was able to
get you guys a code as well for this
specific item which is going to be 70%
off so it was 250 dollars and it's now
60 250 which is really cool so I'm going
to add to link it to the bio so you guys
can check that out if you're interested
you're welcome to check it out I love it
I personally use it and I didn't notice
my teeth getting whiter but I feel that
like they feel really good they feel
very like clean I guess we would say
after I use it so that's one product and
then another product they don't want
this right here you're gonna tell about
the funky body butter okay so there's
this other product that we really
um that we recently started using it it
looks nasty right now yeah it looks
nasty but it's not so what happened was
I got the smaller version and it lasted
me for one week because I use it every
night so basically you just scrub the
crap out of your body when you're taking
a shower and I promise you your skin has
never felt so soft in your life like I
literally promise you whatever products
that I tell you about I'm so genuine
about them and I really use them and
love them so I know that you're gonna
love them too and I don't feel guilty or
bad about you spending money on it
because I know that you're gonna love it
fellow so if your girl does not have one
of these tell her to get it because once
you use it you're gonna want it yeah you
don't want either your skin feels so
crazy thanks from lush yes from lush and
like I said it looks really weird right
now
but it's shea butter and all my god when
I tell you that your skin feels soft
after you use it like it's unbelievable
like this is really good too so that's
one product that I love um what other
stuff that we use obviously the other
product that I'm obsessed with and that
I give thanks to my skin for is Claire
again still have the clear Jen I
completely ran out of it fellas
which sucks everybody has something
different for their skin right let me
tell me it's oily if it's dry whatever
yeah you use that fellas if you have
acne problems or you just want your face
to clear up or whatever you have you
loves this thing honestly I spend so
much money on I don't know the magic
gels can't kill guys I don't even I'll
be showing love and they don't even give
me anything and another thing to guys is
yeah you're gonna get cold for long for
real i hey guys just so you know I
emailed companies literally all email
companies and try to get you guys codes
because I want to show you what I use
can we email and you know yeah so I want
to show you what I use and I don't feel
good with you guys buying it like how do
you how do you say when someone buys in
full foot full price I don't feel good
with you guys buying it full price
because I'm giving you you know
supportable way and the most of
go away and I also want you guys to try
it I want you guys to tell me that you
love it cuz I know you're gonna love
everything and I tell you about so um
those are the products um like I said I
am going to be doing a skincare routine
very soon like a full in-depth skincare
routine but yeah that's all my products
that I'm used currently using guys will
put you on right now putting you on
there they are
yes so those are those special tips my
queen has for you now we're about to go
and check our peel box it makes you keep
we just got to the post office um we're
about to go check our P o box a lot of
you guys been asking for us to check our
P o box one last time before we do
another peel box opening so that's what
we're doing about to get you guys boxes
and letters and tomorrow or the next day
we will be doing the peel box opening
video for you guys yep and we already
did some of the mail on snapchat so you
guys aren't aware we actually open the
mail on snapchat and not on camera on
the vlog because we have so many that we
don't have time to read everything the
letter sure yeah on camera so we do that
on snap shot but the boxes we do open
them on on a video so we'll be doing
that in this week yep so we're about to
go in here get you guys mail and then
we'll be heading over to the village
which is like a little outdoor mall
doing a little bit of shopping and just
hanging out as a family yeah we're gonna
go pick something up 400 you guys keep
watching so you can see where what to
get
kisses
all right 672 what you got in here
Olli we love seeing these yellow posted
thingies because that means we got boxes
and obviously letters you guys are
always hooking us up with the best stuff
guys we literally have the best
supporters in the world like Katherine I
don't ask for anything but you guys
don't give us everything I love things
apiece oh here but yes thank you oh yeah
I wonder what these are some big boxes
guys baby why do we have the best
supporters in the world help me help me
in the car
why do we have the best supporters in
the world guys over here at the ACE
family if you're new to our channel just
know if you join the ACE family we
really are a family we really are right
baby
we're a family full of good positive
people right we love you guys as you can
see my queen try to match me today with
that pink sweater I wore this sweater
before you wear your sweater that's not
true
you guys can see you guys a probably
wondering are they matching well we are
matching but uh Anishinabe because we
both got each other this sweater for
Christmas we did are you ready to go get
Elle's gift
I come nice on you everything that I see
I watch any motion let's get up out of
here let's go get your gift let's go
home you ready
you ready go get your gift let's do it
she's happy
say ah
alright guys so if you noticed Queen and
I both have cross necklaces yeah I got
her this for Christmas and then I also
got this one from my pops and now we're
on the way to pick up one for princess
she's about to have her own we're all
gonna three be matching she doesn't have
any jewelry besides her earrings but we
want to get her her first necklace the
rose gold one yes hook like that we love
for you you like that one the see
alright guys this is the necklace that
we waiting to get princess beautiful
across look at those legs you're happy
in a new name I didn't eat those
you guys are literally twins your first
necklace ever she's gonna wear it for
like five years
uh-huh I would never
which one you like member is there
something you want over here Oh Missy
well you're gonna help daddy pick out a
ring for mommy huh
ya gotta put your necklace on come on
this girl
try to fit in Kazan she's like wait
what's going on
you're so beautiful there you go ah
let's see it lets see it it's perfect
leg now I can tell it's perfect yay yeah
say thank you now you're matching mommy
I see mommies
oh that's beautiful thank I'm not sure
few months more we already paid that we
already paid here we already paid
you want chocolate of course chocolate
ice cream
tell the ACM we were waiting for mama to
get us some ice cream
tell them say guys we're outside right
now waiting for mama to get us ice cream
I love you hey look who it is
you try look yes yes yes
yeah are you leaving it's cold
I know you like it a lively as
traditions give her a little more
aurilla
my god it's amazing
she's confused
mmm
absolution we hate summer oh yeah that's
delicious mamas
wow this is really good
delicious music show them so I got
Cookie Monster and then chocolate
look she's excited she got used that was
for her okay one more bite that's enough
too much sugar for you you're gonna be
hyper
mmm like a my mom you love it a little
bit more all right
all righty well guys that ice cream was
delicious
we're supposed to be watching our diet
that bad yeah okay about to go work out
tonight we're gonna work out again
tonight at the house though I'll get
some ABS with some ABS so we're about to
get ready to go home I got to go work on
some new hat designs that will be out
next week so you're not familiar with
their hats link in bio you'll see yeah
as always you will see the ACE family
store all our merch will be there so
Lincoln vial
Oh
Thunder fan on it
if you want
ha
that's it
I'm
guys she fell asleep she was so tired
even if she slept all day with
great-grandma oh alright guys well just
got home
super tired it's been a long day hey
where'd you come from it's been a long
day umm about to go watch Breaking Bad
again for the third time yeah um about
to go stalk you guys on Instagram but in
order for us to stalk you
you guys gonna stalk us so go spam our
instagrams right after you watch this
video I met someone at the movies
yesterday who is like hey you stalked me
on Instagram yeah so just let you know
we really do stalk you guys um sibel
spam our pages and we're gonna spam your
pages right back right baby
yes sir before we close out we do have
to give our notification shoutout and
that goes to Kara rower Kara rower
yeah Kara with a K shout out to you girl
shout out to you Kara thank you so much
for showing us love and support as
always whoever else would like a shout
out as you guys know all you got to do
is have our notification turned on and
comment when done right yeah they're all
right guys um we're gonna see you guys
tomorrow
and you guys better be tuned in because
hope you like the intro guys yeah that's
another thing we hope you like the intro
I hope you like it just because you have
to see it every time you watch on
Virginia and you can't like you can't
get like scared you can't skip 7 seconds
yeah because if you do that it's there's
no point cuz then you just have to wait
too little loads again and then like
that's like more than 7 seconds so
exactly that's the way I see it alright
guys well hope you guys have a great day
or night
and we'll see you tomorrow peace
