hey welcome back to town guys what's
going on everybody so today we have a
busy day we're gonna be running a bunch
of errands
we're actually at the car wash now Queen
get her baby washed
I'm getting my car washed first time and
actually today was technically the first
day it actually drove it because I only
test drove it one time after we got it
and that was for like 15 minutes
no I mean excited so one thing I wanted
to tell you guys because I know a lot of
you asked me in the past is what happens
to my own my oldest piece so I just want
to like say this because I know a lot of
music wandering so basically what
happened was I bought myself a Jeep in
2015 it was a brand new Jeep I worked
really hard to get it and I'm so excited
to finally have my dream car and some
are you do right yes now you good good
it's locked
are extra teeth yeah so everything
guys are they serious right now
they can't be serious all right guys
what you just witnessed closed the car
wash people locked the keys inside my
car yeah they had a literally pull my
car out of like the little like car wash
car wash thingy because they couldn't
drive it out because they lock my car
and they're like so in other words you
locked our keys in our car and they're
like yeah thanks another call and
triple-a solve that issue so back to the
story so yeah so I bought the car it was
really excited with crazy as I went
through a lot with the car so I actually
had all my belongings in my car for
three months I miss Sally and I don't
know like I just went through a lot with
that car and I really loved the car
itself because it had like history I
guess
and the thing is that in California you
really do need a car I was living inside
a before and I need one but in
California like you're really in my life
I was able to put my jobs and they do
everything I needed to Central Park so
when I got pregnant and I moved in with
Austin I wasn't using my car for a
couple of months and then what we in
fact that way I realized that we don't
really need two cars so I sold my car
and I always knew I would end up getting
another case and awesome looks like I'll
never forget awesome I still wear it
we're going to end up getting another
Jeep and I didn't realize that we were
going to get one back soon after which
was maybe like nine months after
I filled it so yeah so and another thing
always it feels like right here huh is
going on bro what's going on right here
bro that's great now my Miguel with
y'all done with this okay listen yeah
yes I think it okay you're in a hat
people your car wasn't you're not yes
I'm gonna have crazy okay yeah so I saw
my car and then also I'll never forget
awesome is like know where we're going
to end up getting another Jeep and then
a cake use and she's and I hear so and I
remember thinking to myself I was like I
know I really want one and typically
when I really want something I get it
but I thought what I was a really
realistic because he was just looks for
comment
it wasn't on her mind yeah I was going
to be on my mind but another thing I
wanted to mention was this Austin would
in the bottom G without me knowing I
promise you the Jeep wouldn't have been
the way in other words it wouldn't have
been customized the way that it is a
design such approval person that I
wouldn't feel okay with putting the
extras to get the Jeep the way that it
is arguing I told you she's comfortable
with whatever she's happy with a regular
G or whatever it is like she doesn't
care about all that materialistic stuff
yeah I was like oh my god like like
often knows I love red seats red leather
seats and cars for some reason I love
friends
and when I saw that I was like I
literally went the extra mile to get
into look like that because that wasn't
like that originally he really got that
dog like that because I loved it and he
knew that and the thing is is up I had I
don't know like when I open the car door
I was like that's why you're like you
see you're like please arrest residency
yeah and then has also mentioned in a
last thing if it wasn't for you guys and
none of this isn't comfortable so I'm
entirely pretty watching our videos the
reason why we do you see this because of
you guys literally like we couldn't
thank you all enough for all your love
and support and like either youtuber or
other bloggers it is really hard to show
how much you appreciate your supporters
it really is and we literally try our
best
like literally try our bed and show you
guys how much we appreciate you every
day Katherine and I are having
conversations about how can we show them
how much we appreciate them like we
literally talked about that every day
and so I just want you guys to know that
all of your comments like love and
support never goes unnoticed like we
noticed all of it and we couldn't pay
you guys enough because the ace family
is growing no one so quickly every day
it's amazing all right guys before we
continue the video I got to show you
guys queens outfit right now it is fire
stand up and stand up real quick real
quick come over here
model for me baby yeah down from the
shoes to the pants to the top baby
well let me throw a little thing real
good god damn queen baby is ready back
to brand-new you like still in shock
we go here and second the car issue
so did they do a good job cleaning the
old baby don't do it alright guys so as
you can see clean cars all clean but
mine is still over there chillin because
they locked the keys in my car so I
guess they're waiting for triple-a or
something so mine's over there lonely
queen is gonna take you guys through her
new car and give some rundown right baby
ok here you go by the way before she
starts she had a G before so she'll be
able to explain the way better than I
can
so my T's literally looks exactly like
this on the inside in this houses panels
over here both touchscreen joint
touchscreen
depending on her so I didn't have this
in my old piece so this is
I'm to get a cool
kitchen floor so so yeah so that's how
it works pretty easy pretty cool it
doesn't have the back camera when I'm
backing out
Anisa not having one okay here's my
parking security building but because I
don't why would you want to put a
cigarette in it I should be good right
there that's how I read pretty easy
leather seat so yeah so these doors can
come off out we'll probably do this
probably summersisle your folder beach
for a couple of days or something or
take this top off because it is kind of
hard to pick it off it takes a while
that you can just put it back on so and
then what we're going to do is so you
see how these are red leather which I
love I love how we're going to put the
black a slow go right over here we're
going to make it kind of small not too
big I don't want it to be like that big
you know but in doing work and saying on
our license plate we'll put a spam on
our license plate right yeah and I want
the license plate to be black and then
with yellow oh okay
the UH pretty self-explanatory well a
little over 100 miles round better so
you're going to take some of your
supporters on a ride
guys gone below if you want this
beautiful Queen to take you on a little
ride
am I allowed to get in I'm sorry okay
thank you shoes I'm used to be in the
driver not over in the passenger side
comfortable modest oh my god triple-a
just came finally opened it now I gotta
wash it yeah you're looking good over
there funny because like people are like
alright last comment I was like I was I
think it's just a man's car first of all
I've had this car and second the car is
not for like a specific gender I don't
understand why people think sighs so
weird like what am I so sad you look at
me well after we're done here we got to
go to our old place clean out the rest
of it and give them the keys back today
damn I can't even see if I tried hey
where you at bitch it's all alright guys
we're here at our old place
Wow
this is amazing baby this is our first
place all right guys this is a very sad
moment for us because this was our first
home together in Los Angeles
this was going to bring us back a lot of
memories back in it this is where L grew
up well this is where she grew up until
she was eight months old this is a start
oh yeah this is like the beginning of
everything basically this is where we
started logging we started our business
this is where we everything or our
family started this is like a good life
such a blessing it was like meant for us
because as soon as we moved back to LA
we needed a spot like ASAP in this place
it was available like Earth Day and we
lose in the next day which is so crazy
because if you guys know the process of
moving into a place of took forever had
to get approval of a lot and we got that
all and within a day so this is a place
exciting like she said memories right
here guys memories were a lot of stuff
took place and we'll always remember and
cherish
stand right there that's where I dropped
an orange Gatorade when I was trying to
feed Elna member right you remember yeah
which by the way that kind of thing does
not have another new place as a comic I
just happen to me it was like oh my gosh
Natalie was a little few for maybe and
I'm trying to do everything I wanted oh
my god
kind of sad or my feelings right now I
am going to miss this place and I always
will remember it but now everybody has
to grow we wanted some point in your
life so now we're here voila
a little bit of a difference huh you
guys like our new guys phone call my
name my grandmother girl
oh they - a family how do you guys
really live here oh good dog walking
boss driving hi guys nice thank you so
much for being part of the family oh
thank you
thank you so much hope you guys have a
great day
I'm sure we'll see you around some of
our supporters found out where we live
which is okay because we love them and
they are really nice I always have the
doors of the balcony all okay we love
you guys as long as you're not like
weirdos and lights right are just bad
people we welcome anybody in for a home
you can lose that well yes that's well a
fan you guys like this place much better
what'd you guys think
obviously if you've seen the tour you
know what our new homeless right chili a
blessing that were able to now be here
for now Catherine and I rotten food and
then we're about to give her a chair for
her vanity where'd you want to go to
your chair home good so we're gonna go
pick up her chair from home good bring
it back here and yeah there we go
a factory fire for close to six axes my
favorite cereal you want to princess
you're gonna give the ACE family kids
give me a kissy Kissy one more one more
okay hold on hold on real quick let me
see that shirt show everybody what that
shirt says daddy daddy's other chick huh
and tomorrow we have the dollar time
face shirt I don't want to support it
yeah oh the peel box opening videos that
we do we're going to try and do them a
couple times a month so we can get as
many boxes as we can in one video so I
thought we all have too many videos just
know exactly there's no the boxes that
you guys do send it will be in our video
but the letters sometimes we get too
many of them so we
you open them up on snapchat my snapchat
will be right here
where's your baby Oh follow us on
snapchat and your letters will be
featured on there and if you're
interested in or appeal box is in the
description as always and by the way
keep your letters 100 on shall we let us
are all your letters all of your letters
and some of them here the boxes that
will be opening up soon in a peel box
video coming in about three or four days
so stay tuned for that
good well it's not a success we didn't
find a chair that I liked that was high
enough for my vanity so we're gonna go
check out another home that's always
tomorrow or something or when we have a
chance this week and so yeah right now
we are at Cheesecake Factory now a
cheesecake sitting outside beautiful
weather today alright guys so our bran
bread just got here and as you guys know
you've been to take factory Brown Joe is
the brother bread oh thank you thank you
look at you you're beautiful so we're
going to go ahead and cut this video and
we're gonna see you guys tomorrow we're
going to go ahead my beautiful Queen
right here
and before we close out we got an gotta
get our today
shout out more vacations out on to
today's shout out goes to obscene piece
so itself obz C and E
you know same thing Oh being team shelf
you roll I saw your girl I know as a guy
yeah yeah I saw your comment when I was
looking through and it's funny because
it started reading it's Austin Austin's
like yeah I said I come into the study
out ranch giving you each other yeah
thank you for all loving support whoever
else would love a shout out all you do
it's hundred folks on the cases on and
comment when done I say right alright
guys we'll see you tomorrow thank you so
much for watching a
