someone told me never saw
please don't exist in my life these days
but you showed me if I
just find the fit I need to believe
anything is possible if you wanna pass
look this guy high-test your limit
in crap
I can see I'm sorry hey welcome back to
my channel guys what's going on
everybody
baby do you mind if I take the ACE
family with me really quick ra 7 come
with me oh you come with us okay cool so
if you're part of a family you know that
we recently announced our pregnancy
she's beautiful
watch your step by the way tight squeeze
so we recently announced our pregnancy
and there will be a new blessing being
added to our families very soon and if
you know me you know I love basketball
and you know I'm all about doing these
crazy trick shots in our videos so it's
only right if I do our trick shot for
our new he or she new born to be so this
shot is for him or her so if you're new
to our channel make sure you hit that
subscribe button enjoying the family so
as you all read by the title today we
will be getting a family surprise and
waiting for this
wait for like three months it has it
really been three months so if you were
part of the eighth Stanley you all
should know what we're talking about if
you think you know comment below and if
you don't it's okay because you're gonna
find out really so the plan is to head
over to the surprise location and take
you all with this so y'all ready to go
are they ready to go shotgun Oh a with
that far enough I mean that fine
pregnant where are we
I'll be honest with you guys I don't
think all of you can fit in our car so
I'm gonna just put you guys in my pocket
oh sorry guys hopefully the drive wasn't
too long so we just arrived at our
location to see our surprise so last
year Katherine and I bought a golf cart
we really just buy a golf cart give me
that camera back our bro now I gotta
figure out how we gonna get home what do
you mean where's Katherine what do you
mean no nice already were home dude
we're like 50 miles away from that well
we're gonna write this Ollie home yeah
dude it's gonna take five hours how
about the battery won't take that long
hung say like 30 minutes this probably
has like 20% battery charge Hey
and we gave her a name her name is patty
but it's time went on we felt she was
missing something pretty much she needed
a little bit of TLC so we had patty
picked up and dropped off here at
platinum where Jonathan works jonathan
is violets dad Elle's best friend so
Jonathan said bro don't worry about
patty I'm gonna give her a makeover so
he told me he didn't want to show me the
final product until we came and picked
it up in person which is today so today
will be a surprise for all of us and
we're so height because miss patty so
much and we can't have a completed
family without her so if you're all
ready to see the new improved makeover
patty give this video a thumbs up right
now you know what's funny the surprise
came in perfect timing it came right
when we found out Katherine was pregnant
so it's really like a pregnancy so
practice kind of thing all right guys so
I think it's time we don't know what to
expect all I gotta say I hope it's fine
oh hey standing ready Bevan you ready
but before we go we have to switch
cameras
yeah yeah I love you didn't didn't be
right we're going to that my god
now home safe and sound
I must admit they killed it everyone
give them a round of applause
paddy literally went from a doughnut to
would break a family now i'ma show you
guys Paddy's upgraded specs come check
it out
we're to start right here with the
massive tires with all black rims four
inch lift we have the all red in Syria
with the ACE logo the out carrier also
red with the 8th logo I'm not sure if
you guys noticed well we have this sound
system right here blue - yes indeed
uh-huh uh-huh comes to the front well
I'm not sure can they see this right
here
can they see that the name is Patti yes
beautiful yes in the front we have the
ACE logo again right here in red you
know it's all about the ace family it
how much more beautiful can i golf cars
but you know you're about to hit five
million any second right now yeah any
second baby do you know where we go okay
do we go here we go here a real
subscriber count down since the right
website okay okay come on come on come
on come on
a space let's go let's go let's go al
let's go there we go there we go hey
family what are the odds we make it back
just in time to hit 5 million a family
member guys we're so close god damn we
love patty inside this is way more
important we are so close I feel like
this is a surprise today yeah how do you
feel oh my gosh really want to get 5
million do you know how I said it but
question do you know how much 5 million
is we're gonna be completely honest with
you guys we did not expect to hit five
million so soon
we literally hit a million in what a
month and a half million the day before
New Year's Wow and we're on Wow
so less than a month and a half creeps
up on us so fast that we couldn't even
plan for anything and to be honest this
is the best way to do it to be home with
your family with a family this is all we
need but if you new to this channel you
have never seen us hit a milestone we're
gonna roll it all the way back to our
first million all the way up until now
look at that view though she's amazing
guy she knows she knows I'm so proud of
you I think I've been crying way too
much this week has been the craziest
week probably of my life really other
than when L was born yeah and when I got
what she and then we got a okay so they
okay so listen definitely a top day for
us maybe not the best but a top guys you
really I'm crying right now but I'm
really not my eyes just is tired along
put on the Sirius no guys some real shit
we cannot thank you all enough for all
the love and support that you show us we
honestly wouldn't be where we are today
if it wasn't for all of you and for the
people who consistently watch us and
consistently keep our channels so
positive today's notifications shout-out
goes to you you guys are the reason why
our channel is the way that it is and
obviously we spread so much positivity
and you know this channel the drama-free
this channel is just literally us living
our lives and doing what we do and you
guys are part of the reason why it
continues to be so positive so thank you
so much for keeping that positivity on
our channel damn I almost stopped
watering Hills Romi damn a family we hit
5 million ace family members do you guys
realize how many family members that is
know do you realize I don't I don't
still feels like surreal
the next milestone this week's meal
and aside from our aches family members
we want to give a huge shout-out to our
boy phase rug his family as well mama
rug Papa rug shout-out to you guys he is
such a young humble hard-working content
creator nobody watching from the outside
and realizes how difficult that is to be
able to post every day but he manages to
do it he does a great job at it yeah and
I do want to say that when we first
started our YouTube channel we were
actually watching him and being inspired
by him and it's crazy that just recently
he actually gave us a shout out and not
just one couple shout a couple shout out
and for someone to acknowledge another
content creator in the way that he did
for us means a lot and it actually means
a lot in general and just like people
like you know saying that they're fans
of ours and people saying that they
respect us are inspired by us like that
means a lot the fact that you're
actually saying that means a lot to us
and for him to admit that in front of
millions of people we respect that fact
that he gave us a shout out without
expecting anything no incentive not
trying to prove a point not trying to do
anything literally just did that and
just know that we see that we respect
that so thank you for that
so shout out to you face rub hopefully
you're watching this I know you're in
Dubai right now in ace family all I
gotta say is stay tuned for a collab so
thank you all for tuning in as always
before we close out today's video we do
have to give our posts indication shout
out to who baby
the ace family and all of our family men
whoever else like a post notification
shout out all you got to do is subscribe
to the family hit that subscribe button
turn on our post notifications hit that
Bell button and once you do those two
things all you gotta do is comment
doesn't obviously if you liked today's
video you've got to give it a thumbs up
give it a thumbs up for the A's family
being so damn strong we're literally an
army like no bullshit we're literally if
anybody want to get crazy you don't want
to get crazy today all right same number
stick together oh and if you give us a
thumbs up before we ask you to give us a
thumbs up like those people
when the video starts you guys give us a
thumbs up before watching the video yes
your real one for real I love those damn
people don't even know what the videos
about thumbs up I love y'all so like
comment share and subscribe and like me
and my beautiful pregnant clean always
say
