hey family the master Channel guys
what's going on today we will be playing
the never have I ever challenged but
before you begin you must follow on
Instagram monitors right here in mine is
right here lot of you guys been asking
us to do more Instagram live so that's
what we're gonna be doing so make sure
you follow us today for our live stream
so shall we before we start I came up
with six questions that often came up
with six questions and we have a bit on
phone so we're just going to ask each
other a question one by one so we're
going to do it okay okay question one
you're like I love you just alright
everybody so very much
never have I ever snuck out of the house
I did one just one time literally I
snuck out of the house and put one foot
on the car limos card John did you know
no one else ago no the only ones I'm
carry do it again isn't one of those
things where I feel the need to think
out your bad okay listen
never have I ever stuck dumb underneath
is done
yes I've done that a few times in my
life
next question never have I ever farted
in public and you guys know Trey was
long hair and you know I must have ate
something that is go ahead but my
stomach did not like and we're in the
club a bunch of people real crowded
right when you're in the clubs were
clouded real congested and you know I
figured that there's a lot of people
there then someone would it catch me
right decide to let that one go and they
just kept coming because I'm sort of a
burden and I didn't want to use a
restroom
this is Matthew bathroom there and not
Matthew so it'll hold its like a home
but it was so bad and I just kept
farting and the smell was like really
bad Trey left the scene he left me all
alone but all the party people were like
who would do that well looking like yeah
let's do that
never have I ever doubted my
heterosexuality
never have I ever cheated on a
significant other you mean working low
key for me we're not mean them it means
that all right guys what I mean I mean I
was obviously younger younger than what
age
I'm in high school okay and everybody
goes to a situation where at the end of
the relationship you had one
relationship at the end of it's like
almost goes on what gonna grant away you
ever done that in like relationships
like all of our like system people want
to be ventilation anymore but I but the
reason why I say it's cheese because I
still with that person so I decided to
you know let's run over here cuz this is
like something done to my eye so it's
low-key yeah I'm not sure that's really
sort of cheating because we never have I
ever been kicked out of a bar or Club
you have but I was working there it's
like okay so I was like six like 17
years old I started working at this club
bar and it was my first day I was I
think my second day I was working and
this guy had a median $300 like pissed
or whatever for what this irregular
drink 93 give you a drink and I was like
oh yeah I love my ever man was like
seven and sixteen seventeen the area and
I saw a bar the bar boy too far back and
he told the manager and it took them
hours away from even kicking me out
see that's what I did for seven that
kind of money
never have I ever got caught with a
hickey and by parents
I must admit oh wait I must admit either
alive never had he so you have this
little guys know a lot of guys have seen
my birthmark in some of my videos you
guys think is beneath you but at the
workplace in all the videos you know
never have I ever stopped someone
doesn't like when to be there at home or
like what to see like let's see their
home these are cars all right
you know yeah good question I don't
remember
now why do you think yeah because I'm
sure like a scenario I'm sure somebody
or agencies like stop though like where
they don't know you're stopping them oh
you're like I never in like in the
bushes bring me anything
never have I ever gone shrieking what
the shaking as I naked I never that
never know was that never have I ever
lied to you
men even a white line I don't mind
really
I'm not even a line there I think
radical insurance in later life how do I
know what you lied to me about there
anything known but you like me not
something that later I would be a little
light life right now series it might
look just alike
I like if I like something that I well
with that in shows like in order to like
surprise you or good last question
never have I ever got drunk a do
something
oh what a mirror great guys I've never
been drunk before I don't drink I don't
smoke I mean occasionally but I just
don't do it
I never done drugs before okay but what
I'm saying is that I have I have like
drank before and gotten drunk and it
doesn't regret it yeah I like anything
like know like I got called somewhere I
got some ones on the drum kind of
regretted I don't know where any Morgan
why that was a long time ago mr. curring
and attitude girl in the same time
low-key it was low-key i won
all righty well we have some talking to
do
yes talking to do
all right guys there goes that challenge
I suggest no one do it if they want to
get upset about bringing PV it looks in
my TIGI semi 30 alright guys well thank
you so much for tuning in as always we
appreciate all your mother's deployed
right I hope you love the video give
thumbs up thumbs up if you like super
means that a lot see what there is a
comment that are doing and not liking or
disliking for know why howdy principal
please tell me where in the video you
just like exactly like I said liked it
comment share and subscribe and like me
and my Queen always say well we want me
back there's my opinion Oh before we
close out we have to get a big shout out
to looking up our shout out person died
everybody not familiar with our videos
everybody else in the video we give a
shout out to the person who has a
notifications turned on to show our
appreciation so if you don't have a
notification turned on you should
definitely do it and you obviously have
a chance to get a shout out
alright so much you're gonna shout out
right now alright guys so today's video
shout out goes to Devon cooler maybe
right so you pronounce it nothing cooler
healer help you both we appreciate your
comment p.m. very positive comments we
love you facebook support we'll see you
guys tomorrow
