good point we think so down my friggin
weave yeah I'm thinking you crazy right
now
the color is tricky okay how do you mean
they look like a relatively color picker
I rattled me like a green like like
caramel you know you know what I can do
in my eyes I do this thing where I look
at the light and I like charge them and
then they look really green look don't
do that you hurt yourself
I forget a little bit another year
discharges look and TARDIS I'm
experiencing
hey Bentley welcome back to my channel
what's going on guys well today as you
know by the caption we will be sharing
our first date story and before we get
into that once I before we get into that
those were familiar with our happened
this month has been very dry for us
because a lot of our hats are out of
stock but next week by next Wednesday
will beginning like eight new different
hats I'm talking about new colorways new
design with anything and we've been
working really hard on these designs for
the past I would say like almost a month
month so we're really excited to get
these out I think it's our favorite
passage design what is before oh yeah
and I believe we've had nobody will have
except for us so for those who are not
familiar the Hat brand if you want to be
interested or if you like at our shop is
in the description the link isn't so
pretty works or something
back to our story get into the story now
before you right on you're gonna have to
you're saying how we're going to do a
story about the time
but I was thinking we should do like a
little bit like the floor because it's
kind of like tell them what a wet feet
we are at in their lives okay
individually individually but before I
met Catherine at the time I was in the
process of transferring schools all of
that singular University obviously
playing basketball but things didn't
work out there so I want to transfer
since it was my senior year I want to go
to the school and I needed to finish off
some credits in order for me to be
eligible transfer so I was taking
classes at UCLA at the time I'll taking
a bowl jewel the phone stay calm say
okay we really nothing to say one thing
friends when I say it gingerly the best
keep your money keep oh okay a risky
thank you and I am regularly saying so
yeah I just how critical UCLA or
community eligible transfer a nurturing
the Eastern Washington's my last year
but like I said at the time before I met
her I was in classes take classes we
want to be what are you were thinking
what was here in my mindset oh okay
ready focus on right here at in your
life rugged I was really focused on
myself beyond a lot of people say there
actually was because I was really
determined to transfer and in order for
me to move continue playing basketball I
had to finish my credits like if I
didn't pass the classes and I wouldn't
have been able to transfer and then
obviously I wouldn't be able to go home
while I here only was focused on myself
and I'll make sure I was studying and do
whatever I could to pass this class but
really wasn't focus on anything else
meaning girls everything else as in
school and basketball so yeah no one
wants it so good when I mindset so the
point in my life I think before I met
Austin was I should have a little story
so before I met Austin I think it's like
no I don't even met him but um but I
didn't know he was one wait we actually
didn't even hang out at that point this
was like a couple weeks after I met you
like oh yes
so I remember one day I was on the fun
of my mom's a week before I actually
hung out often so um I was almost fun
and I'll never forget this for some
reason I just remember this moment so
clearly and it's kind of weird how I
remember but I think everything happens
for a reason so right before I met
Austin I remember being in my room
specifically seeing in my room and I was
getting ready for something
remember what it was but I was on the
called my mom and I thought one of my
life himself on the solitaire every
single day for like hours at a time
because she was pretty much like the
only person that I spoke to other than
my best friend when I looked at the time
and so I was on the phone with her I
remember saying either I'm going to be
single forever or I need to meet the
one' and in each and it needs to happen
soon and I remember specifically saying
I want to meet someone and it doesn't
matter who the person is I just really
want to be happy and I remember her
specifically saying it's gonna happen
soon trust me he just is going to happen
when you need expected and so will you
not even I don't even think of the week
it was a couple of days later and I
ended up hanging out with Austin and I
didn't know it was often I didn't know
he was the one and then I hung out with
him and then I remember thinking like a
couple weeks later it's so crazy because
I spoke that out of existence and I
really wanted it so badly like in my
heart that it actually happened Oh
Thursday I'm sorry yes I'm very sorry
thank you so something that story is
making my way every time she tells it
but okay so okay so okay so I'm sorry
bye
yeah my mindset was I don't have anyone
I don't care about other people and I
don't want to meet other people I hate
the process of dating you know I just
like my mindset was pretty much it's
either not going to happen or I can't
even think of it happening like I can't
envision it happening right so I was
into the story because when I approached
her and I sent that text ask her out to
dinner now it makes sense because
natural to dinner she kind of was
against that she was very hesitant right
and so I sort of take that that's better
I didn't think I was actually gonna go
like I just might believe texting me I'm
not actually going to go but something
was telling me to text him back to
respond something was like it was the
weirdest thing as I just do it just do
it like something in my head like I
don't know it yeah she finally gave in I
got another coming out to dinner I
didn't tell where we were going or what
we were doing I just said I'll pick you
up eight o'clock and I was pretty much
it
so you know pulled up she wanted to help
was looking god damn beautiful was
always kind of speechless I she always a
lot I was nervous really shy but I'll
get he went early or at our chat where
in my head all I could think is god damn
this is a more beautiful woman I've ever
seen in my entire life like a she's in
the car
make conversations she's trying to ask
where we're going on tell her you know
just wakes me get there so I figured you
know she's pushy but me I hate sushi so
I figure lilo someone nice she's a
beautiful woman she deserves a beautiful
restaurant so I take it a noble
malleable though still know it is sushi
on Malibu all the beats super naughty we
get there is really nice like a
beautiful restaurant like
around the ocean so pretty alright so we
get there I'm looking at the menu
forever she was a member I realized that
we were both within the mini forever I
realize we Boustany to see so I didn't
go ahead plan but he is affiliating
something minor I got that right
Kate I got lightning right my god our
chicken or something like that
which was great because we were really
into the food but we were into the
conversation that we're having we had
great conversation and once she opened
up about her cell I was even more like
God am i right
I feel like part of the reason why I was
so open in the tail motor accounting was
because at that point I had given up on
meeting someone that I was like I didn't
even be myself and I just need to just
like be me and just not expect anything
out of this and this is this is so
completely random and I don't even know
why I'm here right now but I'm just
going to be me because yeah I did that
because you open up about ourselves
so humbly she spoke three different
languages all this other stuff how it's
like damn you know I wasn't expecting
this
so then you know what else did I say
what's your everything you telling me a
little bit your mom about your dad
what's your family
I like what you're doing at the time
talk about how you never leave went out
your whole body rather to molecular you
like me and cousin - she was very
similar to myself we're a lot of like or
like pretty much every single way
alright so like I said I had great
conversation after ovale actually eight
we try to go for the movies but a movie
theater across from Nobu with clothes
which is we're doing
and call you might yeah you know what
it's crazy I'm anything well you're like
oh my mom was and I want to do it as
good or house or something and I
remember thinking like we can just go
there and I was like I did not say that
yeah you didn't come you did even I
didn't say how I can actually mean
anybody just said so I just said in a
conversation did you fellas and II felt
like weird cause like we didn't know
where else to know and it was like kind
of middle of nowhere there is nothing
open and then a theater was closed and
we were like and you still wanting to
hang out so you didn't I remember I said
my mom was close by
that's what I said anything goes very
well anyway so we try those two movies
getting work out so I ended up having to
take her back home which was very exact
so that's what I did I took her back
home well no we went to a movie
what is wrong with the house we were two
movies as a girl okay oh yes it was
it was a cultist movie theater to my
place called oh yeah exactly
it was a movie and we was whatever
whenever it was good and then then he
dropped me off
uh-huh and the texted me I think oh yeah
Joshua how the car was expecting to walk
into your door but you just came up and
said okay I wanted a pretty girl hug you
know
I want I want to hear you say I had a
good time I'll be looking for the me
never in a million years anyway rural
women you have a good time I texted him
and I said thank you for tonight did he
write and I remember saying that because
I remember getting home and I was like
wow I think I went out of my comfort
zone and I went out with this guy and I
actually really have in common and I
came home and I'm kind of like happy it
was like okay cool like which is crazy
because on my end what I thought was MMS
no I wasn't great but here's what I from
your perspective I saw that she didn't
really have a good time because and the
fact after I dropped her off like she
said she take me to initiate a good time
why should I sit but after that day I
didn't hear from her for about a week
and I was like yo one girl mom and the
thing is is that I stink I was like kind
of busy like I just had stuff going on I
was I remember what I was I was busy you
know some time to find out which doesn't
like me
Mortimer to me which is they know was
possible and she was not willing to take
me first guys those women out there are
not one to take you first think twice
about them in class one thanks 5,000
what
and then they should make the first move
no no no and then be careful because
those women people when they should not
be like that is also another thing is
that it's not good stubborn is like it's
my history of okay um okay relationships
in general you also shouldn't carry on
your last relationship with the next
relationship and I'm talking about an
actual relationship I'm talking about
your friendship with like humans
thank you and Jennifer alright I think
should not never you should never bring
your pass into your future that should
always be left behind okay perfect is
that your your hiatus those legs are all
hot making me hot so your past
experiences is what makes you even
essential are it makes it effective yeah
so I wasn't even about like me being
stubborn it was more about like I just
don't have time to I don't have time for
bird this person texting that nurse and
not texting that was just like if you
want to hang out together than usual and
text me and even call me okay and that
makes us now because but remember though
what I do remember is I actually called
him out of the blue you could I did you
know member that after the week after we
had our meeting oh yeah I called you I
remember anyways I called Amy Amy
answered and we you're kind of surprised
I think sit here for me and then let me
text me afterwards
yeah maybe you're stubborn too but I was
still like no wonder felt like something
was like something was pushing me
towards him like something about his
energy was pushing me towards him so
it's not something I can explain it can
never explain this because it just it's
almost a looot impossible to explain but
a part of me felt like for some reason
he was in my life out of
for something and I didn't know what it
was but I was called well I didn't know
she was not too girl no I didn't know
because I remember I remember thinking
like I really miss not that I went every
step every day was like I wonder what he
was doing or something and then I saw
your friends playing like nerf guns and
I was like oh god he was so good silly
kid
yeah anyways goober enough but oh yeah
guy so come to find out you know a week
after she invited me and next week after
day she invited me hiking well she
invited me hiking which I was impressed
because she invited me to go out on date
I would call it and I had a great time
my first time hiking and you know when
was it I guess she did have a great time
the first day doing lunges downhill and
you were like we couldn't do in really
diamonds like are you an athlete if
she's how to work me out
we were the we're onions with the
running
there's like the mostly commercial place
in any event one of the place to my home
so that's where we went and that's what
I was doing at the time I I was like one
of my hobbies so I took him right yes
she took me and all the days or so it
stuck with me fun let me go yeah here we
go yeah we ate when look at Cory that's
all right I know you saw me after that
victory about y'all hold on wait that is
not the end of it there's not the end
yeah no it's not this video was called
our first date if they want to continue
watching more story times during the
subscribe to our Channel and be looking
for the next video close it up it I love
y'all food I can't use them right that
wasn't first date so he just left it on
and awkward closing on them enough about
it
hope you liked this video guys we will
be doing more story times and you guys
are interested just let us know in the
comments below
wait I almost forgot shout for Jessica
Roberts for having her post on vacations
turned on Thank You Jessica we love you
so much I mean your personal vacation
shine on and we love you and what we're
else would like a shout out all you have
to do is turn on the post on vacations
and comment wins done tell so make sure
they like comment share and subscribe
little bit little bit
okay guys like if you genuinely liked it
I'm not going to make you like anything
but don't just like for no reason
subscribe if you want to you're not
already subscribe and share the bike
nice
