hey Larry welcome back to it you know
welcome back to our channel guys today
we're excited because now we have our
peeled off mail and we haven't checked
it and the writing hein
the last time we didn't peel option if
you guys are familiar with our page and
our channel you guys seen the video and
the last time we tried to open up the
peel box in front of you guys we had
some disturbing mail but this possibly
was different because while the school
news every it's nothing it's Lana and I
still do this
I think it's his brother today we have a
bunch of different packages and stuff
and we're going to open up for you guys
but we are not going to be opening up
all the letters because it's going to
long yeah well I was going to say we may
not get everybody a lot in our video
just becoming an hour long so if we do
90 to everybody
the ones we don't get to you guys would
like to see us open up you guys in is
now we will open it up on yes so you
guys have us on socks I don't have it on
top make sure you follow my snapchat
we'll be right here
follow us I mean tomorrow on snapchat we
will open up the rest of these letters
to you
insertion hey guys if you're interested
in knowing our peel box it is in the
description form up
okay oh so now we can guess not like a
lot
oh I okay little slippers for Elephants
oh you're right oh I'm here long shoot
daddy's lucky Jessica oh thank you we
appreciate it so much
I hope these fit baby L we love you guys
so much keep doing what you do send us
some pictures if they fit her and then
she conquered there she put her clitoris
thank you so much yeah it's okay because
like Katherine I don't expect anyone to
give anything like from either line not
even from our it's so crazy because
Katherine I don't expect anyone to give
us anything not even our family so we do
receive stuff like this and you guys it
means so much right remember
all right I love this guy thank you so
much thank you that's so cool every
night a letter hey family he was a B and
my boyfriend John love your videos and
watch them all the time I know you guys
is he gift from your fans
listen is an artist and made you guys a
canvas hope you like it
Wow I think I even made a video so you
guys can see how he did it
we love it is family oh thank you so
much for nothing that's really cool no
why no dang it be like that number one
guys Katherine I was just talking about
like getting back into our fitness most
about if you want to eat the right way
thank you I really appreciated weapon I
really really have to change this book
let me reading that tonight after I
study for my citizenship test
oh yeah about that dad if you guys want
a video on how I'm getting my
citizenship because I am Canadian
so I'm actually right now in the process
of getting my American citizenship I am
a permanent resident in the United
States but I have to take a test in a
couple of weeks so if you guys want to
see the journey of that comment below
let me know and we will do that next
clip in this Eric from Olivia setting in
the name is really light it is hard to
read cursive a bad person see I love
your name Olivia
yeah and someone she is from where my
best friend autism dancing catapult you
know I know we love ya you got over and
I got the kid Wow and this little heart
thing
hello good day
I like this heart thing I woke up at
this year was talking so I can focus and
very upset right grandma and Widmer
watching her she's lucky right that I
don't want to hear that time has a Happy
New Year hope 2017 brings everything he
wants to be and more you guys are dope
and keep doing what keeps it a new
dancing
okay girl everybody some tutorials
they'll be coming from other way they
have another channel surprises only
Park oh so good so cute at this tree oh
thank you so much yeah now there's a
little crazy right now
eh family you guys inspired me in so
many ways every day a girl on your
channel and see if you have any any
videos have been very pretty sorry if I
spelled your name wrong often very
confident also adorable if you guys
could please put this letter on your
YouTube I would really appreciate it
from Savannah Johnson so they don't love
you
PS I also got you a package in a thank
you my envelope Wow oh love you think so
thank you thank you all right
a little and we wanna my favor l-o-l
watches by the way let's her I get
subscribe okay they're all Luis Romero
Romero OCD is such a varied I'm trying
to clean up and we're doing them and
they're from Los Angeles oh god what why
why do supply penis arena all uphill so
there's very sorry I often actually
Richard to Stanford
I can read it them so Xerox is an eight
family my name is Luis Romero I recently
got introduced to you guys by my best
friend she's basically showing me
everything about you guys now that I'm
hooked on the a family then I found out
I often played basketball in college I
thought you highlight on YouTube and
really like the way you play you always
play extremely well this coming super
excited because I love basketball and
I'm a sophomore I'm currently attending
Fairfax High School wait Fairfax High
School it's not yeah well we don't know
really I am also shooting
I'm also shooting our three basketball
team my coach is always telling me to
put an extra work I would love and
appreciated with all my heart and you
had any time to help me put an extra
work if any advice to meet you in person
I would be extremely grateful
oh thank you I don't work from you and I
will follow your instructions you give
me no funny business I promise this is
awesome and just want to be talked about
because I watched someone
already had gone to college experience
it's not too much to ask for
I would love for you to be my next
Rebecca on like you can also see how
beautiful your life is and I know you
want to reach that kind of happiness
when I grow I want to reach that kind of
happiness when I grow up oh thank you so
much thank you for your letter
yeah so if you can learn every time but
yeah oh man I appreciate this so much
we love you and by the way guys I'm not
sure if some of you would want us to
show would you guys guys in our blog
because it maybe some of you might find
it maybe more personal but we won't
matter what you do we own we're going to
be happy with whatever it is and
everyone else who's watching the video
and then you have them for us and for
you so don't fill them out the way we
all look at everybody's thing everybody
equal and we all just want to be a big
family
oh yeah next bit a big box that's a big
one that's a big bag wait this is
exactly what does this name John to not
Jonna Jonna Jonna Hernandez mom for okay
let's see what you got
oh cool we love it that is so cool Wow
oh goody
hello no hat
oh okay we have the best supporters ever
I love everybody people send us up why
we love because if you look so much
little support hi a family or this kind
of YouTube channel your videos are
amazing not only not that you are aware
of it but both of you are tremendously
tremendously successful very soon hey
guys it's a puzzle yeah sometimes really
hard to recently letters or the writing
is like anybody anything and I'm like
I'm kind of kind of playful it
either I keep up with the amazing
content and energy show to show you guys
an appreciation for always putting of
elements and can make you guys's
greeting cards I hope you let them I
myself up several time youtuber XO John
John know they will shut you up
XO j eh eh TNA but I'm an online
Tichenor this is on the side I thought
it'd be a great idea to send you both
Appeals opportunities thank you for
sharing our daily lives and putting
yourself out there i first-hand know how
hardest and Darian is to take the
initiative so it is truly inspiring to
say the least continue to inspire the
world and shine brightly every day much
less common thank you so much I really
appreciate it and you are very right it
is like a little tough but we love doing
it and we're going to continue to do it
so the dope you guys we do for you guys
this is amazing
try is amazing I love that greeting
cards right on that's amazing Wow well
the party
so guys this is a cubed stationary so
you guys are interested in checking out
our YouTube channel
well everyone did a great job
like I said something are we know for
everyone
I got farther letter I'm gonna make a
room just for you guys for all of our
stuff for all her letters everything all
the supporters all of the 14 mil we're
going to make a room so you can see that
we are joseline are meek wow thank you
so much joseline thank you it's a really
long letter we're going to say this
purse snatcher is also getting takeout
all really long for this video
oh by the way you'd definitely be
wearing all the hoodie nights end up
yeah
very sure oh ah oh oh oh my god I know
you know I know the hoarders love it no
not come on you tonight so I'm back
relaxing amazing guys and after you I
love my baby does you know before I met
Katherine I used to like collect awesome
not the brand over them like crop it
look cool I used to collect little dad
like hundreds of different people in
pairs of all very well yeah it's a real
is on the package love it
great let me let me listen
oh this is oh yeah
yo crazy hi guys well our camera shut
off randomly and we left off with this
little other crystal my name literally
almost cried and I open it and you guys
miss it because the camera should also
this is our favorite food crystal answer
it's like I don't know you guys now but
this is so amazing I love it and I'm
immunity and we did open up one not on
camera so we're going to show you guys
what we got in that personal is it that
right
yeah so Katherine got this little cup oh
this is fun Oh Jeannette Rowe hot yeah I
got this cup for Katherine are you sure
mom okay so she got this is manag
incense which I'm obsessed with and I
love so much and I can't wait to put
this underneath and got this relaxing
lavender
Fastow film back she also got me this
elephant keychain very much we also got
me oh yeah guys you missed her she got
me she also sent me to cook she also got
me a cup but mine bro it's okay girl
feel you know we open it like that
though almost feel he's gonna drink it
like that for sure like I'm in it I'm
gonna walk into the living room is to be
drinking out of the cup and all those
annuals
you guys everything about everything all
the kind of things you want
I don't need actions answer except maybe
does oh that's so cool I'm gonna be
drinking out of this thing whoa God
I'm sure if you guys have said something
and it wasn't in this video just know
everything that's applied in the next
video
Michigan's video super thumbs up comment
share and subscribe and like me in my
beautiful queen always say we'll be back
with more it is so we almost forgot to
give our notification shout out so we're
gonna do it right now
as Lindsay Jasmine state shout out to
you and Bryce come not sure but she had
a post on vacations turn them okay so it
shot a few gentlemen all you have to do
is turn your post notifications and you
get out a chance to get a shove
