hey family going on guys welcome back to
our Channel he's a very exciting day
because my brother is coming to Los
Angeles and it's the first time I've
seen him in a year and a half and it's
the first time you meet oh yeah so my
real and I are really close and we spent
most of our lives together so this has
been a really long time apart before you
continue whatever that little hat before
you continue can you just please look at
my beautiful Queen the stand up there
but you look amazing
stand up she is looking whoa well I was
telling him like I really need to work
out because I'm like really like upset
on myself because I should be in way
better shape and more toned but I'm not
you personally perfect okay so back leg
back to what she was saying I was
getting sidetracked but she was saying
her brother Lance today we're about to
go pick him up in about yeah yeah he'll
and no an hour an hour luckily we got me
right now but the plan is to prank him
when you get to okay first of all so my
family watches our videos so he knows
that like we do pranks and stuff but I
don't think he sees it he doesn't keep
my actually actually Ryan her brother
does not really people with all our
video here and watch random ones here
and there yeah but we don't think she's
seen the one where she pregnant I don't
think you seen it can he just sometimes
like no I didn't see it I don't gonna be
messing around with you guys are just
right with it but if you guys are new to
the channel and you guys didn't see the
video where she pregnant with the big
lotto ticket she did she got this fake
lotto ticket right here as you can see
it won't focus there it is right it
looks legit as hell and she got me yes
that boy but he's like he's he felt so
hurt and he talked about it for like not
kidding he talked every single day also
today at home talks about thank you guys
and so he wants to do this so I decided
I want to do it all Ryan did his dad and
for those who do not know he has like a
rare eye condition and for the basket
it's I mean he says it's rare
keratoconus maybe some of you I've heard
of it or maybe some of you know someone
has it amazed me because he's such a
brilliant artist like I mean he's beyond
amazing and he's able to do certain
things which I didn't understand was
that rare condition yeah so he oh so
he's been like for the past several
years have been trying to save up the
money to get the surgery
and so when he thinks he wins this
$10,000 you kind of think it's gonna go
to the stuff that's really evil that
look you mean I just talked about that
what he doesn't know is that he's coming
here I got him to fight here so you can
come obviously meet his needs visit us
but what he doesn't realize is actually
on on his trip here we're going to end
up helping him a lot so that he can get
a surgery because that is his only goal
right now so our plan is to help my
brother in whichever way that we can
think of whether it's motivating him or
just like an explosion a job like
anything anything like that to get his
surgery and then help him because he's
an amazing artist he does realism I
don't know if you guys know it realism
and life-sized did you bring you bring
that pencil right back to life like Lou
lino lino shut up maybe meanwhile no
what does it give you no justice you're
gonna see he's gonna be here for a week
so you're gonna see him yeah so what
he'll pick him up run some errands when
he's with us I'm going to also stop by
the gas station like she didn't act like
I purchased this with some other snacks
he doesn't think it's weird I like that
I like that music and all this using the
know we're vlogging like it's a regular
vlog but when he is about to open up a
scratcher or do the scratcher I'm going
to take the camera off of him and act
like it's not a vlog and I'm going to
hide the camera somewhere else gonna be
a hidden camera so he's already gonna do
it in the house yeah so he doesn't think
that we're trying to get trying to prank
him right he has no idea like
okay so yeah so pick them up bring them
back here get with some snacks along
with the scratcher let him scratch it
let him think he won ten Balaban and
let's see his reaction
that's a horrible horrible thing to do I
know Ryan he's gonna like he's over
animated like I am and he's gonna be
like no Ryan is like kids like Ryan is
often like what I met Austin like I know
how to explain this without it sounding
weird but my brother and I are best
friends and we I don't know what it is
like between the dynamic between me my
brother is just crazy when we're
literally best friends and so when I met
Austin I was like wow Austin is a lot
with my brother and like the best way
possible and I can say that and so like
they just like like I don't know they do
is that perfect like Ryan said hilarious
my Ryan says we're both ass slap okay if
you're able to smack a dude on his ass
without feeling uncomfortable yeah hot
swappable then you guys are like okay
you never compatible you have a
compatible yeah yeah exactly so you're
ready to get started by the way so - hey
grandma great grandma for this beautiful
outfit
hi guys you ready to go right take you
guys with us blog a little bit and prank
a little bit let's do it I feel like
wearing a hat
I must wear my good luck hat for some
reason I just love you where they call
it the door is there I just love you so
Doris I love one join me damn girl you
looking literally the shoes will make
the difference because no I'm not giving
the world
I'm a little spin with my beautiful
daughter Pam I'm below a guy so we're a
little early here at the airport so we
decided to stop and get some Carl jr. no
thank you
can I please get
good but either ontology
you guys have salads right chicken cells
over here so we're on our way to go pick
up my brother and not from their cover a
little bit early so we're just like
parked the parking lot but
I just wanted to say something and it's
kind of random but it's been in the back
of my mind a couple of days now and I
wanted to say like when I first started
vlogging I was more like kind of
hesitant because you know I'm putting a
lot out there of my life and I'm
obviously not putting everything out
there you guys don't know it every
little thing which we will end up you
know revealing about ourselves in the
future we have kind of decided to even
and I was thinking how grateful I am for
a lot of you who are supporting who have
been supporting us and saying such nice
things in such nice comments and I just
want to let you guys know that maybe you
know I don't respond to every single one
because I can't physically respond to
every single one and
you know like I look at all those
comments and I I just look at them and
I'm just like wow like these are really
nice people like this is so great like
you guys are saying such nice things
even when you guys talk about oh you
know like how I said you know it's
really hesitant on even showing like her
in my life you know and where I'm going
with this is I don't even have like
flood-related families that have you
been congratulated me like phrasing
being pregnant you know or even having
Ella you know when L was born I didn't
even have some of those people you would
congratulate me and I was just thinking
like wow these people are my family
there's their you know like I'm not
talking about my immediate family and I
don't give me like twisted right now
exist I'll talk about my immediate
family but there are people in my family
that I am related to that I haven't even
you know even said hi in years so I was
just thinking about that and I was
thinking about how I am grateful for a
lot of you guys because I must say that
is very deep and yes we appreciate you
guys more than you think
you guys are like family clearly we have
our own families when we have you guys
but you guys just bring this almost joy
and happiness we just love doing what we
do because if you guys yeah I'm sure a
lot of people can relate to that like
I'm sure a lot of you have even as far
as having you know like a Facebook or
Instagram and then you see a nice common
you're like wow that's really nice and
then you haven't even had your personal
family or friends say a lot of those
things to you and you're just like okay
those people don't have to say anything
nice to me all right so yeah you guys
gloss your way to do certain things that
just make us happiness it's like wow
like we're really blessed and fortunate
to have people like you guys
and yeah we just I don't know we just
works in here at Carl's jr. waiting for
Ryan's oh yeah we just wanted to get
your uncle
mellitus and for a week straight and
it's the back that you brought them over
here 55.8 do funny she come in and do it
again don't know why you wonder like all
the green light happen you know he's
like a giving take situation anything's
possible today huh guys we're here at
the gas station they're still inside the
car I'm waiting for them but I'm not go
inside and act like I purchased
little bit you know their thing oh she
knows your family bro you know cuz he
usually cries at the moment nobody comes
next
I just want to do purchase rule one and
then get him the fake one
let me get the rule one and obviously
I'm going to lose and then he's going to
obviously win so hopefully that
distracts it a little bit you guys can
understand I kind of feel bad because
he's been talking about how such a good
day's been having like everything just
feels like coming together more so happy
to be here
so Meza welcome that's your own some
well so this right here is where we call
you right here take your shoes off let's
both take our shoes off real quick this
is where we're going to be great well
you can be great to put a little light
on in here I'm not sure worth that yeah
yeah real I Katherine is showing him
around the house well I set it up before
we start the scratching I'm going to act
like I'm filming the whole thing and
then when we get down to it I'm going to
put this camera away and then another
camera's gonna be hitting so he doesn't
know what's going on when I came back to
the car with bag he was looking inside
to see what I got him and he saw the
scratchers oh you must be feeling lucky
so he has no idea clearly he did not
watch the video when Katherine pranked
me with big logs ticket so he Papa get
God
handle what G candles and clean around
the house I know look at her arms a bit
yeah no idea who another Cameron
young Amelia
nice kraid enough I feel like they don't
have pretty much taken sleep all night
on digital oh my gosh Patrick are you
I remember I got a scratch on me
yes Roger can play the fifth grade are
you saying oh wait no no years ago
worker now yeah Mon shuttle are you
today I'm here with a family really
useful family because you know we
couldn't get them I mean she won $10,000
so now you know what I'm gonna get right
I'm Charlie doing you know let's go them
how like you can say no if your eye
surgery no my heart would be all right
so you ready to uh ready for the funny
game play ready no bro we got something
for what all right
hi guys we're about to get crazy little
brain
hold onto time I'll walk you ready
making sure the license on it making
sure the lights are all are you ready
look at you oh you play basketball she
was a Mama's belly when daddy was
playing basketball at uni she kicked me
so hard at the game
daddy kisses hey you trying to add
different from the camera now huh okay
mama you're looking at Ryan kid when I
was a kid no you kiss for cheaper Valley
mosquito me emojis oh this is awesome
better
music we have beer yeah we all have no
time here
Oh
hi family thank you guys so much for
tuning in today our prank didn't go as
planned because of course Ryan is family
and he knows how much we joke around so
he knew and since this cat guy is in
town for a week as you can see the
videos are going to be crazy what you
just witnessed is how this is how we get
down every time you come to town so hi
y'all
we're out of here oh you guys so much
for tuning in make sure you like comment
share and subscribe and like me and my
queen always say we'll be back with more
videos love you guys
