hey you look good what's going on hey
Stemler
your turn mommy's turn what's going on
guys today is a big day guys I don't
know if you can tell my voice but I'm
sick and I woke up with a sore throat
so I'll be filming like I was saying
today's a big day because we get to show
you guys our unfurnished crypts about
get ready to go inside
we take you guys with us I hope you guys
packed your bag dude I told you we're
moving in today
so if you guys are ready we're going to
us so you guys ready to see the new a
spaniel let's go this is YouTube creeps
technical difficulty wait this is
wait is this something the right key
that's not even the right key sorry guys
we have issues there we go welcome
can you walk in a flourish on the floor
people were going to be taking their
shoes off and I really coming with this
there's our lovely kitchen this is where
I will be cooking up breakfast lunch
dinner right yeah right what as you can
see we have this lovely countertop we
have this lovely stove lovely sink and
most of all my favorite is a fridge
she's so happy - I mean right here this
world cup guys is a little closet I
would get my shoes in there
what am i I didn't even know he had that
we could put shoes in there yeah one of
my favorite parts of the house is this
right here beautiful din there's no
lighting here at the moment but I can
show you guys so yeah so this one in
particular this this condo doesn't have
the light up there but we're going to be
putting that in here and this is where
we're gonna be doing most of our filming
everything's going down here then this
is just like a little bathroom in here
and then this washer and dryer washer
and dryer like how it's away from all
the rooms so we can't really yeah that's
big to our last moment I haven't
mentioned we'll be doing all the filming
here we're going to get a projector put
it up here so we can you know watch
movies edit alright guys so like I said
um that's it together
yep alright so I kind of like how
there's like almost like high ceilings
you want to call it I love it love the
with the shape of the kitchen uh-huh as
well okay guys um and here is our lovely
living room we have a beautiful
fireplace not sure where exactly our TV
will go you guys saw our last video our
TV that we want to get is beyond huge so
I'm not sure words actually I think it's
not really fit there yeah that's
probably the only spider today and I
didn't even think about it that's
actually the perfect spot because I was
thinking this wall over here is big
yes and maybe two smaller than this
election perfect yeah I know I said the
din was the best part of our new condo
but I believe this right here is the
best part of the condo yeah so like we
said in the last video we're actually
not on the floor that we wanted to be on
but this actually ends up working better
because we love this tree here none of
the doors open up like literally imma
keep these doors up all the time yeah I
don't care birds and pigeons and no
I do so that's what um literally like we
can just we're going to have
this is beautiful like like all every
lover knows that you've got to have this
tremendous light to make your videos so
yeah so our couch Google here lovely
popsicle here TV go here we're not
really too sure if you want a dining
table because there's really only two of
us I sit down right now yeah so we're
just gonna get those some chairs we're
just gonna put this still zot we showed
you that target yesterday stools go here
and obviously once we finish furnishing
our place we're going to give you guys
that tour as well off to our not was
pretty large I must say this size
not a lot of light and the cool thing is
um there's a door to or Akane as well
chair connects which is beautiful I like
that a lot
so yeah we're not really too sure what
the bed is gonna go
so we're thinking we're gonna put it
right there in the middle and then I
want to put my vanity right there in the
corner what most over here so that's our
room um and then the bathroom I love
this bathroom by the way very long got a
lot of space walking love others dual
Saints you know I need my space sometime
so hang in a full um this lovely lovely
lovely bathtub this is just amazing like
all three of us have been here really
and I love how we have an option to
because that's up shower yeah I love
that this is one of my favorite
or the magic really happens in this case
don't eat Taco Bell baby and then off to
Catherine's favorite part of the condo
is the closet the closet is freaking
perfect size not too big not too small
so we might add like woo whoops kind of
blurry
we might add some of these in here for
like shoes and stuff because there's so
much more space so yep hey I didn't even
notice this safe - can you say four I'm
gonna cool we have the option sure okay
that's the who I love I just don't want
that showerhead huh dancin that's like a
huh see that's like a resort showerhead
we're very blessed and fortunate to be
able to move into this beautiful condo
and bring you guys with us because you
guys are part of our family too you guys
may be moving in as well I was going to
be a big family
October old she's lucky because she has
a great-sized room
not sure only she'll be in it what
captain wants to make it a kid amazing
furlough opposite sides the middle here
crying too much this she's always with
us so besides me this is huge for a baby
and I kind of like that it's a little
bit darker in here because of this palm
tree so when she takes naps it's not as
bright you know so nice yeah a lot of
stuff in her roses great and she has a
good-sized closet as well yeah
nice-sized closet slaughter room in here
for her stuff and her toys and oh my god
she had these too
it's good to just store extra stuff and
her lovely bathroom she also has a tub
and a shower too
I really like her whoops princess you're
gonna take that hurt I was cute that's
pretty you can take this and she also
shot as long a Dookie toilet that's
she's long are we using and then
obviously another two sir which is good
for like um guests and they come they
can also stay in her room and use the
bathroom Marshall maybe with this part
of the condom what Oh guys you
understand like this literally
this makes Austin so happy Ellen guys by
the way that what do I should do you
only have the draw now yeah
Brett cell only know if they go we have
the drill now I think they do
hi guys I haven't showed you guys are
joining the video yet but think we do
fly the drone out there
bringing back the raccoon uh uh hey
thank you for that y'all you could but
you have to learn how to fly it like as
good as Iran will fly out here and bring
it back in the fireplace we have
fireplace yes is nice and should we put
like a couch or chair okay yeah for sure
Oh feeling a little canopy and this
summer is gonna be so hot guys I'm sorry
when it gets dark there's nothing I can
do about the lighting when it does up go
princess go go Francisco princes go do
you like this new carpet you did it
where you go where you going where's she
going outside she's going outside did
you do it oh this carpets are
comfortable she loves it
you love the carpet Mama's he's so happy
go baby go baby go go baby go damn what
the heck you you're super baby baby he's
so funny in daily hit yes guys that is
our lovely new crib tour I'm hope you
guys enjoyed that
like I said cap and I will probably be
here
rough estimate a year a year before we
you know make that next big move and get
our dream home
what what's wrong is it because you know
love are you so cute yes guys ah this is
perfect for us
only three of us oh oh you are my mom
okay oh you want mom oh yes um
this right here this condo is a perfect
size for our situation right now is only
three of us and also the carpet
throughout the house is great because I
said L is not able to walk yet so
worried about her getting hurt beautiful
condo
good thank you guys and God and everyone
else that supports us I'm not sure we'll
be able to have all our furniture in
here to give you guys that furnish
crypto but we should definitely have it
soon all right guys so living space is
supposed to come right now let's go buy
Best Buy
grab that TV also my boy Trek is going
to help me move everything over here
from our other place since this is kind
of nearby so I got to go back at the
u-haul truck move everything put
everything in here and get everything
situated guys gonna be a long day
but I'm super excited and Oh before I
forget
shout out to Anthony Brown we appreciate
you very much for having your
notifications turned on and always shown
this love and support we really
appreciate it
if anybody missed my spiel on a
notification shout out all you got to do
is turn on your notifications click that
bill button if you want to sell your
device it's easy and be engaged to our
channel show us love and support
join the ACE family and at the end of
this video you have a chance to get a
shout out so yeah thank you guys so much
for tuning in you like this video give
it a thumbs up comment share subscribe
and like me and my Queen always say my
beautiful families over there we'll be
back with more videos love you guys
peace
