Heys family welcome back to our channel
guess what guys
we are nothing as you can see in the
back we got all these boxes and we're
ready to move the reason why it's been
taking so long is because we originally
were trying to buy home but someone
outfitted us for the price that we
wanted um things don't go as planned and
the home wasn't exactly how we wanted
there's a couple things we dislike
there's a couple of things that we were
like I wish it could be better
so God works in mysterious ways right
and we got approved for a condo that
we're very happy about very blessed to
be able to move into this condo so we're
planning on being at this condo for a
year or two and then we're gonna go
ahead and save up and purchase our dream
home yes yes people this is very
exciting news because I'm so excited we
are in this situation now like randomly
when we came back from Washington we
were living in Washington for my last
year college we moved back here we were
like in need of an apartment like ASAP
so luckily we found one just out the
blue we weren't planning on being here
for that long maybe a few months and
then planning on going overseas but that
didn't happened so we stayed longer than
anticipated which almost almost a year
so we had to get up out of here because
there's not enough space for our
princess ale and all her lovely toys
yeah the reactionaries doesn't even end
for another three months yeah but we
have to get out of here like ASAP
so luckily the home situation she didn't
work out for whatever reason God works
in mysterious ways but we are blessed
and fortunate to be able to move into
this beautiful cottage we actually kind
of like a little bit more than the home
it's really weird it's actually still
really big and it has everything we need
all the amenities we need has a bedroom
for our another bathroom is den and the
price is like the price is amazing
so I just kind of weird how things ended
up working out right so now we're
planning on going to living spaces to go
look at some furniture we're gonna take
you guys with us they're also probably
go out to dinner and have a little
celebration and whatnot so yeah guys
we're super excited oh and also after
maybe living spaces we're also going to
see if they're able to give us the key
so we can give you guys a crypt or yeah
I'm gonna shift or yeah so make sure you
keep watching for them anything else
we're excited guys like you understand
like excited such a blessing I want to
do a looser you make it all pretty oh
yeah by the way else room is huge so you
our nursery is gonna be like jump on
your room cuz it's like it's it's nice
and has a really big bathroom and like
it's just perfect for it's beautiful
so also any uh furniture places I want
to UM you know collab collab let us know
yeah hit us up oh because we want to
make the place like super nice like
obviously like he said earlier we moved
into this place really last-minute and
we got like furniture like that day like
it was so quick and it's not what we
wanted we only plan on being here for
five months and then we were like stuck
with the furniture that we got last
minute and things now we're just now
everything's brand new right yeah
everything's brand new
um we'll be in a home that we really
appreciate and uh looking forward to
being a well we appreciate any home yeah
I'm sorry
yeah and I mean to say like that but you
know what I mean like we actually love
being at the place we're at like it has
so much lighting so it's nice cause like
you know how lighting really changes
your mood yeah as a lot of like we want
in a lot of bloggers know that we all
need that good light um so yeah guys uh
we're just so happy that you guys are a
part of this process not only are we
moving but you guys are moving too so
you go and go pack your bags and get
ready to move cause we're gonna be out
here in a few days oh and uh yeah guys
we're on the way to living spaces so
keep watching all right guys we have
just arrived at living spaces oh another
thing Catherine I also want to apologize
for those people who assume that
catherine was pregnant
I was never the intention we did not
want people to think that she was
pregnant so we apologize for that not
there behind me the whole time
she sleep oh let me see princess just
woke up say hi guys say hi I'm excited
to move into my new home yeah hi babe hi
guys so what color will be our prime
color throughout the our new place prime
color I say like just very neutral
colors neutral yeah all right I'm down
to be honest guys I'm not big into like
making the look all fancy dancy is long
well I'm saying I get it you're not
thinking no like I am like I of course I
want my place look nice but like to be
honest as long as I'm comfortable truly
all that matters to me we are going to
start
those are and the captions so I kind of
know a little bit of what we want
because we came here a couple weeks ago
just kind of look so we have an idea of
what we want and now that we have all
the square footage we know exactly what
fits into our clothes so comfortable let
me sit down let me check this out
somebody's calling Wow oh this is you
like this how much is this nice guys you
understand how excited you understand
how excited we are to move and to bring
you guys with us and I'm really hoping
that um we can go there get the key so
we can show you guys today
oh I like that couch I think this is the
one that we saw oh that one's nice guys
guys this is a nice couch show you this
is huge but this actually fits us yeah
in our living room did you see me does
this look like a family couch what do
you think oh he loves it up I would
honestly sleep in this couch yes will
you get back a little bit you see you
see uh and we actually really like this
thing here because um this is good for
else so she's like what when she starts
walking more if she falls she won't
really hurt herself against this thing
as opposed to like an actual coffee
table she likes it so she likes the
price too
princess Christmas
while you like each ad you want to get
yeah
hi guys so since I likes it miles will
get it alright guys so the one that we
originally saw is a no-go because it
doesn't fit our floor plan but this one
that Catherine found is definitely a
better fit for us and we just think we
like it better and it's not going to be
in the way of the door in the living
room because we have a door to the
balcony so this is not going to be in
the way the way that it is yeah because
there was a section of the couch I was
like super long so we cover the door
that she's talking about but this one is
actually perfect size and it has like a
smaller Mooji call that island yeah
smaller island so it's not taking up a
bunch of space it's perfect I like that
you guys like it you guys like that can
you guys see that in a song cool I like
the color too
I do there's different colors I can pick
from but I think I like this one right
what do you think what do you think you
like this one too or no that one oh yeah
that's cool oh this is so cool for her
room you like that yeah that's kind of
cute I could see me in there yeah I
really would her room is huge if it two
bedroom
like she was yeah good all her little
goodies can go in there hop
what y'all think a family should get it
nice really that is nice so for duties
we're taking pictures of like the
numbers let me remember what their heart
alright guys we think we found the couch
we want now we are going to be looking
at beds
so you like I kind of pouches in my own
apartment is not cute at all um so like
I said we're going to look at a bed for
us
l will have a nursery so shy of a crib
not a bed so let's see what we can find
for the plum how you doing you guys have
any nice beds are you willing to give us
for free to get a shout-out in our blog
I'm just play okay thank you
what do you think about this over here
ah I'm gonna show them that which one oh
okay I like your style girl hey Mike we
got style oh yeah that's nice California
king-size bed he said what we need a
California king size bed now because Oh
oh my god she takes up the whole bed
yeah this is a nice bed definitely fits
our room we have a huge room I was
pretty close pretty she wants she wants
you guys to see the color very nice
what would you call that go like a
grayish yeah that's nice like a grayish
it is like a gray or something oh yeah
get comfortable can you see yourself
what do you think princess you like this
bed too
and she like I'm happy with anything
alright guys so I just saw this vanity
over here shout to you
so this vanity it's cute it doesn't have
a mirror up here which I don't like but
I do like the size of it and I'm looking
for something very similar so if you
guys have any like suggestions on vanity
and awesome freaking Phil over here if
you guys have any suggestions on like
vanities or anything like that just let
me know because I'm so open to finding
one right now we have a lot of room in
the room so I want to make sure that I
have one of those so I can put my stuff
like my perfumes like my jewelry and all
that stuff on it
random but I am wearing this like shirt
thing that Austin got me from Nike and
the reason why I like it so much is
because it actually fits me I have like
a really small upper half so it fits me
good the other one's always gonna be
really loose and then I'm wearing these
pants that are from I think it's called
like a m-- end or something and then I'm
wearing these shoes today
what are these shoes calling in they're
Jordans will of Jordan Elevens and then
yeah my hair is naturally curly and it's
actually curlier than this usually but
since I've been straining so much like
lately it's not as curly yeah this is my
natural hair you're wondering okay so
people usually talk about what they're
wearing inside what you're wearing and
your hair oh yeah that's cute I like
that alright guys so we have like a den
in our new place that's gonna use for
like filming and everything and I would
love to have a few of these in the den
like how comfortable would that be just
sit there while you're not filming and
just enjoy the process
I love these they're so comfortable to
rock put your feet up and just chill
alright guys think we found just about
everything we need right yeah we pretty
much know what we want as far as like
the
stuff that we want right away and then
the other stuff we're just gonna get
them as we go cuz we don't really need
it right away I just had to say that
you're looking so beautiful right
oh no you just always looking so easy
yeah
alright guys so now we're headed to grab
some food a little celebration meal
don't tell him yet alright we also have
another surprise coming soon but she
just saw something that reminded her of
the surprise so she's about to give it
away good thing I stopped her all right
guys can keep a secret this between you
and I I wish that all of our supporters
could have our new address
I know that sounds crazy but I just love
you guys
waiting for this loud car to drive by
ruining me vlogging I'm sweating but
yeah like I just love you guys and I
wish and I kind of want to invite a few
of our supporters over for dinner each
month for those people who like have
their notifications on and show us love
and support I constantly show us love
and support like I'm thinking about
choosing a few of you guys to come over
for dinner and now as a trained
thanks trained thanks a lot geez right
in the middle my vlogging but you guys
know what I'm talking about right hi
babe
what's the move now can I go eat but we
have to go somewhere
yeah guys that is a big big issue issue
of a heart I was at that stage where she
just can't sit down and be quiet because
obviously she's a baby so we can't eat
anywhere now so we have to like we try
to actually avoid going out and eating
but she has been good all day today so
hopefully she's in a good enough mood to
sit there and watch us eat hi guys we
just made it to DJ's for those who don't
know a BJ's is it is a delicious kind of
restaurant sis been here once before
they pretty much have everything almost
like a better Chili's yeah
I like man like this delicious dessert
called bouzouki those who don't know
know Kazuki is its
cookie with ice cream on top melted on
top
to be honest guys I really don't care
about this food because I wanted to go
get the keys and be in our new place
already
how we take the food
and go eat it on the bed
you can't do that I'm saying get our
food go get the keys in our new place
like no furniture just sit on the floor
in just beating my guys well we're gonna
go ahead and eat
anyone team
I don't know to get vegan
see
- this made that up
no but we are going to challenge
ourselves challenge each other to work
out every day oh thank you so much water
with minam thank you means a curry will
be up there's a little bit Barney's to
make it anything else we can do for the
moment a federal egg rolls that's it
yeah we just legislate thank you
so one of our goals down 17 is to be in
the gym consistently like we want to get
our bodies right like everything right
and also as well as like she said stop
eating all this junk food because we do
a bad job of that but um yes give me a
challenge but we definitely take it on
guys this is what clean guy
this is where I got
I must random weird eater ever about me
I just love my food claim us every Ally
anything as long as it's fun of course
you know Kevin and I are fatties and so
we had just finished we had to do it
guys sukhiya we told you about it is
here it is finally here and this one
looks like no no no no minimal like
princess delicious just delicious
hi guys we just got to our new place
right now about to walk in and see if I
can get the keys for you guys
like give you guys a little unfurnished
crib tour all right guys let's hope we
can get the keys I'll be right back you
guys know what this look means I
apologize I cannot get the keys to show
you guys our new place today
unfortunately maintenance was still
working on it
which is a good thing but we don't get
to show you guys today so stay tuned for
one of our next videos we're going to
give you guys an unfurnished crib tour
so stay tuned for that
you guys will even know how excited I am
like I'm so very blessed and fortunate
to be able to move into a nice place
with a beautiful family it's really a
blessing and I'm just glad that you guys
were able to experience it with us
it just makes it that much better since
we already did kind of pack we get to
chill a little bit so you guys should go
show love on our Instagram
go light comment you know blow up our
feed show us love if you're too lazy to
look for our instagrams in our
description I'm gonna go ahead and post
them right here that's Catherine's and
that's mine it's like I said go blow up
our feed go comment the light will show
love and we're gonna return the favor
we're gonna be looking to see you show
love all right guys appreciate you guys
for watching our videos our vlogs I know
we haven't been posting as much as you
guys would like but that's only because
we've been busy with the moving process
and trying to get our new home so I love
you guys make sure you give this video a
super thumbs up comment share subscribe
and like we always say we're gonna be
back with more videos ace family let's
keep growing I love you guys peace
