what's going on am
cannot say where we all got to do it
again all right already yeah I'm gonna
say with me already
one two three
No BAM what's going on guys so today is
a very exciting day for Katherine
for those who do not know Katherine I
never had a peeled off before so our
first time and this will be our first
time checking it so make sure you keep
watching so you can see what kind of
mail we got and if you're a supporter
who sent us mail we greatly appreciate
it so you guys are probably wondering
like where I'm at where's Katherine
where's princess ale Princess ale is
with her grandfather he took her out
shopping today and Katherine is
currently busy right now
I took her somewhere where she's been
wanting to go for a year now and so
we're here at a little massage place
she's been saying how her back has been
hurting because the baby and it's hard
work give all you moms credit out there
but rescued and taken care of your child
and you guys do so much work that you
guys don't get credit for oh and
if you did not get a chance to watch our
last video you should definitely go
check it out I still can't believe the
pizza man came inside my home sat on my
floor and ate a slice of pizza with my
wife
that's crazy y'all gotta go watch she's
almost done after she's done we're gonna
go to our peel box check that it's nice
enough outside we'll probably go to the
park pick up princess they'll be at the
park open up our mail at the park if not
we'll go back to the house chill
yeah it works I'm excited I'm excited to
see
what kind of mail we got because we've
never done this before let's go check on
Katherine quick
yeah make sure you get deep in there
she's you know she just had a baby now
you want me to get your butt
hey guys so Austin just walked into the
mailroom we recently got a peel box so
we're gonna go check if there's anything
in there from either family or any of
you guys who have noticed that we got
one just so you know I might look a
little bit crazy right now because I
just got a massage and I'm gonna be
honest it wasn't really the best massage
I've ever had not that I've had many
I've only had like five my whole life
but it's like weird because my bag
actually hurts more now and I'm not sure
if that's how it's supposed to be I've
been having a lot of back pain like
lower back pain especially from
breastfeeding every night just being in
like different weird positions hopefully
I can do this maybe once a month or I
don't know if you guys can read in the
comments how often you're supposed to
get a massage when you have back
problems maybe you should go see a
chiropractor actually I'm not sure yes
so I just did that and then we are going
to go pick up I'll maybe eat something
and then go to the park because I want
her to have like some fresh air and just
I'm gonna read a book to her something
and then she also got one of these like
little bikes she can't like actually use
it right now but we're gonna push her in
it I see him coming I see him coming we
actually got something
I got a lot of stuff low-key I'm cool
okay why'd it take so long huh and it
takes online forever we have made it to
the park it's a beautiful day out why is
it get like that God was like you know
what after Christmas and we'll make it
beautiful so everybody can be outside
you got your little bike
look at you you stylin mama you stylin
I see you girl I'll see you you see me
rollin they hatin you rollin you rollin
that's hot
damn girl
hey who got you them hogs know who got
you them ugh though did daddy get you
their mugs
limors hot whoo Hey look kind of big
what they do fit you oh come on girls
come sit with daddy come sit with daddy
yeah she loves that thing oh look you
see what our supporters got his princess
look huh you gonna help us open it up
come on all right y'all about to open up
some supporter know that we got from you
guys
princess has already started she opened
up princess Shawn what you got
you can open up that one for us and she
knows the best one go ahead open up open
open it up mamas she like I thought
Christmas was over let's see what they
got us Oh what is that oh you know that
thing is fire y'all lavender all right
next
next next next next we do the honors and
you love this candle
what is it bad this isn't hot like
anything no for the same who's room
toothbrush for our hey turn up I always
got a toothbrush from somebody we don't
know who it's from but it's a to brush
rail shout-out to whoever got hello to
brush thank you so much we appreciate it
I love letters by the way who are you
gonna read it oh that's a long letter
hey what are you going where are you
going hey hey I live it should I read it
yes hey oh yeah coins gonna read it to
you guys Sierra's family my name is
Alexandra and I'm writing you this
letter because I wanted to tell you guys
that you've really been an inspiration
to me
you recently can I've recently came out
of an abusive relationship and you've
given me hope again for a while I
thought that it'd never be anyone who
treats me with respect but after seeing
the both of you I realized that it's
possible and very thankful for you guys
sharing your life I know you're just
being yourselves but it means the world
to me
to have this
being as you shared when
day love you all
oh say Thank You princess whoever that
supporter is what's her name
Alexandria Alexandria thank you that was
sweet but is this how you do it on the
camera
Oh
Oh what oh they're not get this head
manoj let's put it on I feel like we're
miss thank you so much guys that is
chicken
Oh guys she she likes it thank you
to ever send that to us so cute best
cute this is the same wrapping paper
that you got me no bro yeah they must I
got that from Taji
that you think I would send something to
in our own pure box what is that
what snow wants to do some underwear
hold er hold er hold er hold er what is
that what do y'all just talk I feel like
my eyes are watering right now cuz it
sounds like what is that huh
what is the huffing okay can you throw
that over there please well no timeout
Donatelli
well tell me what I think it is no AIDS
over there I don't want shit y'all tough
that's not real bruh that's chocolate
you'll see that oh you smelted you're
disgusting
I want to see those real that's legit
shit somebody break up I said
and whoever whoever did that y'all are
falfa da come on bro someone blew blew
it in some underwear sent it to us
awesome that's why we never had peel box
because though the first time we have a
sealed box
g.od I swear on everything I love I do
not do that I don't know who did that
but that's wrong that is disturbing can
you like - I just want to show - you
know this is the most ratchet thing I've
ever seen
what is that what a penny so damn
vehicle
yeah about - whoever sent this is wrong
for this and we're gonna get y'all back
whoever you are I can't I can't even get
it where's the trash I there's no trash
oh you want me to open on the tree huh
quick on my shoulder - these dudes over
here this is wrong for y'all that's not
even funny we why would y'all send us in
our peel box I'm kind of sad this is
wrong guys someone wrote Agha we had a
peel box and someone sent some dirty-ass
drawers and uphe'll box no no those are
not mine is that wrong no that is funny
god I'm so sorry
no later like you were supposed to get
like nice letters and stuff and someone
said look at this looks like shit did
someone just shit in it and just say you
should send it to this person I think so
wrong guy throw it away now oh oh shit
you shoes are pretty tail appreciate it
bro damn it can't even it's like not
like user friendly you know I mean yeah
that's all good at rush but that's wrong
see even they thought that was wrong
Bevin then dudes over there was like
someone just took a shit in and gave it
to you guys know legit like I don't even
want to open a rest of the mail how do
you feel right now
I just waited all right I thought you
did it at first where am I gonna get
them big-ass panties from I realize you
did it because
I know that you've got time to get that
now whatever we can see with Thunder is
oh I'm gonna find out who the sinner is
don't believe that just because y'all
didn't put your name your address is on
there so we're gonna park at your home
let's open up leftover got a couple more
guys we're gonna open up there's open on
one more letter we got a bunch of like
little letters so we're gonna open up
like one more what I love you ace family
next the next video you guys should do a
cheat Lucy says I love you ace family
the next video you guys should do is a
cheating prank negative PS can I come to
LA to meet you guys first of all these
response first of all the fact that this
person wrote it on a piece of paper
that's like Hapgood that is so crazy but
and then they still love you guys the
second thing is we would never do a
chink prank because we
prank each other on things that would
actually be believable
we appreciate the letter appreciate the
letter and the advice but um we that's
one thing we will never do
alright well but I am better at pranking
you anyways guys just know I have
something in the bag because you already
prank me so many times and I still
haven't gotten you back so there's no
reason why you should do to me again
which I don't worry I can prank you
whenever however any given time after my
prank to you we're calling truth she
think that was a interesting experience
having our first peel box I wish there
was a way for people to be able to check
our mail to let us know that it's safe
yet so open because right there that
that was kind of wrong I'm actually
really upset for whoever did that
because like what if like it had like a
disease on or something and like
seriously what if it really had
something to something wrong and they
gave it to us and like now we're scar
from it like anthrax yeah
all right guys all wait we have one more
we have one more gift that somebody got
us cut so good we have one more gift
that somebody got us you guys want to
see who would you like to yeah I'll do
the honors would you like to hold it I
draw
somebody got us a drone y'all now it's
playing we picked it up yesterday
shout-out to my mama and my grandma on
my aunt for pitching in to give us this
lovely drone so now I'm about to learn
how to fly
ok first of all I want to just tell you
guys really quickly that yesterday
Austin was trying to put it together and
he couldn't put it together for like two
hours and then I did in like two seconds
but I just want to say that before I put
it together he said that he was gonna
take me to Bali and I figured it out so
I figured it out so what's that mean
something it looks like it's going to
Bali hey it is about to get real and our
videos are about to get real if they
weren't real already they've got to get
even more Weird Al is looking at herself
in the mirror
alright so I don't do see Katherine
taught me a little bit last night y'all
I don't read instructions I never do I
just know how to put together and that
was about it
can you watch a mega tutorial on how to
use it please yeah we just don't know
because if that flies into a tree or
something and we can't get it then
that's your fault
we have a drone to
somebody alright guys we'll come to find
out I left the core supposed to connect
to the phone to the remote at home so
these are our next logs I'm upset
because I wanted to use it they got a
drone let's go see the drone let's go
see the drone oh I like it I like it
it's moving Hey look at y'all that's
tight babe they got their drone to work
I wish our drone could work
I should just over here just look good
you know working just look good it's
ready to take off they just don't got a
damn controller
well next video we got you guys so guys
we are about to take home to the swings
fucking a little chili saga bronies my
thing
in there homeless okay
stop tripping
Hey
ah let's go to the swing come on let's
go Oh drone almost took my head off
it's alright
I have those difficulties too is when I
start using the drone fine your
difficulties whew nothing your mother
after zoom you ready to go to the swings
what are you doing
let's go play with the other kids or the
swings yeah the swings this is our first
time Oh Oh shoes in the dirt oh gosh is
this can you see can you see oh it's
okay you're gonna love it I promise
yay are you looking like that
hey this is blood I forget how to swing
huh yeah me I'll get on swing together
here straight
oh and look at her legs mom and dad like
oh my goodness look at that baby that
little croissant oh my goodness my
little quest song she smells like a
vanilla cake that's because she was
eating hat on the top - that candle
that's why it's alive intercom you know
oh yeah look how happy she'll get right
now look look that's your favorite place
to be
let me see that baby hey
oh my goodness a baby Liam
he's smiling well are you happy
she's smiling with her no teeth she got
two little teeth ah yeah but they're
down on the bottom and you can't see
those deep two little do it
I like to say something's not come on
yes cameras on hi guys so just let you
guys know if you're wondering what a few
bucks is if you're going to send
something that's appropriate for our
family an appeal box and everything is
in our description please do not send
nothing in that sort of nature to us
ever again that was that kind of hurt my
heart guys because I was expecting
something better than that from you guys
I think it's Landon I think I hope so
because I think it's Reiter's about that
there's so many ways
oh your hair
oh look at it oh look at this princess
look at this angel look at this
beauty is not from this world okay okay
I'm gonna take her you close it up a bit
all right guys thank you for watching
and we will see you soon in the next
video you just dropped your hand like
comment share and subscribe hey like we
always say we'll be back with more
videos
