get matched up perfect you guys do not
understand how happy we are right now
all of our hats match up with all our
bosses we did it for you wait that now
we have to wrap them all yep let's phase
number two done now first we gotta close
the boxes that's basically it and if we
have to gift wrap them all
last one wait it whoo
don't fall please don't fall Merry
Christmas
hey ace family so some of you may or may
not know that Austin and I own a
business and what you just witnessed was
Austin and his friend Trey packaging up
over 200 over 200 that's a lot so we're
going to be passing them around to the
public so whoever we see so we're going
to be going to different locations and
we have a couple in mind I definitely
want to go to my nail salon that I
always go to a Massey's candy yet See's
candy just different places that we go
to pretty often and then we're also
going to be passing it out in the
streets we're gonna be passing them out
to homeless people just giving back so
make sure you keep watching so we can
take you guys with us and enjoy the
process
you guys ready of everything visit ago
alright guys I didn't realize how many
gives the word till now
we really only have room for my Queen to
sit here I'm the driver and one backseat
for my boyfriend I got my boyfriend here
filming the whole footage crazy and if
you know if you need any videos or any
dope photos anything like that he can
cover you easy work his Instagram link
all that stuff will be in description
honestly guys I wish we could just go to
everyone's house and give you all gifts
like that's one of my dreams you know
what
hey go bro that's for you bro
we still got bags finish and we still
got more upstairs what you think babe
it's not fake
No
what if we put it when we put it on top
of the topic are good you'll put a rope
and hold
no wonder Santa has ails geez this is
crazy
he'll got a bunch more we did it
not really still got more to do all
right I'm gonna go get the phone i'ma
cruise
hi guys this is what it looks like so
far we still have like a two more bags
but as you can see I'm not sure I'm
gonna go to drive and be real safe real
cautious but um that's doing
so I think we should start off by giving
gifts to our community first so we can
get rid of a lot of these right our
neighbors and stuff that's a good idea
what up y'all so it's the young
videographer taking over now that went
upstairs but I'm not squish singing it
was all for a good cause stuff so don't
be dope
I'm usually behind the camera so I'm not
really used to this whole blogging thing
so best believe is pretty awkward but
look at this it's crazy
really love that the couple is really
giving out and you know showing love
it's time of year of course
well yeah today's gonna be crazy you
know I may be a lot of footy on this
camera and uh you're about to see some
some really cool stuff hey you know what
you should do maybe we should start I
put it on the leftover ones bit two bags
left all right here see many Sean Sean
Sean Sean Sean and so I think we're
table I just put them at the doorsteps
of our neighbors yeah
go ahead and put them on top of people's
cars
some reasons Plagueis gotcha deserves to
like yes kids you know this guy just
pulled up
doesn't
know what
the entire parking lot I'm seeing the
president every car
alright guys that was fun now let's
really get started we're ready to go
crazy girl mm-hmm let's do it y'all
Michelle keep watching I know we're
coming up to the spot of the homeless
man and I see everyday I'm not sure if
you guys watched I'm not sure if you
guys watched on my old videos about the
$20 bill when the lady gave the homeless
guys 20 dollar bill but this is the same
homeless guy and he's here I'm telling
you every day I see him and every day I
Drive by I say hi and it's just I don't
know it's crazy man it just makes me
feel some type of way so we're
definitely gonna give him a Christmas
gift and we'll stop get out give him a
hug hey Christmas top brother
Oh
Austin's coming Austin's come oh man you
have a great Christmas so now we are on
the way to Catherine's favorite spot
which is Starbucks it's funny because
about what do you say three weeks ago a
month ago when that lady yeah soz about
that's relax I'm sorry
so three weeks ago or like a couple
weeks ago I went to Starbucks and I've
totally forgot my credit card and I
ordered like - venti drinks and I was
like oh actually I can't find my card
and the lady was like don't worry about
it I'm just gonna um whatever you have
cash and I only had $2.00 cash on me and
she's like I'll just take that and she
gave me the two drinks and I was like
wow like she didn't really I shouldn't
have to do that that was so sweet of her
so now we're gonna go to Starbucks and
hopefully she's working today and we're
gonna hand her thank you let's go ahead
Merry Christmas
you two go you two
I love this I wish I could do this
 every day I love it no we're gonna
do it every year
Merry Christmas all right guy I pray
it's the lady that helps us know
hopefully the girl who helped me out
that day gave me free Starbucks it's
here even if it's not it's still a
beautiful thing
yeah all right let's get ready all right
let's fight like cool people working so
we want to get to everything
Merry Christmas big all my man I'm cool
sir yeah honey people are in there
Mancos Merry Christmas everybody come up
everybody
oh she is ripped a gift oh wait here
here here you're coming keep coming keep
on coming guys
hey one more Merry Christmas
no problem you're welcome
Merry Christmas so today's family let's
go
you have to wear that today you have to
wear it we're all gonna wear it all
right Merry Christmas
now understand this banana nut bread
delicious so right now about to pull up
and my favorite spot which is See's
candy and next to it is Catherine's
second favorite spot which is her nail
salon and when it going gives to
everybody okay oh this guy good no good
huh my man
hey you two you two Merry Christmas
Merry Christmas ma'am before him give it
to him what you would know either way
the same for the same were you guys
Merry Christmas
amazing freakin amazing man the nail
salon the reason why I want to go there
and give them a gift because her
favorite person other than me is her
nail tech which is Kevin I love Kevin
Sullivan he's the sweetest guy I marry
thank you so much happy holidays girl my
favorite spot and you know what what's a
beautiful thing about owning your own
business you can do whatever the hell
you want so why not get back
Merry Christmas bro of course I have to
give gifts to throw up my favorite place
in the world right you can resolve okay
Merry Christmas guys this is for you
then I know I'm crazy but it's for you
guys
Merry Christmas guess what guys I'm the
new Santa Claus excuse me I'm not no I'm
out here feeling like Santa Claus
y'all's crazy so now we're head to in
and out I'm gonna pull through the
drive-through now or anything when they
say what you want to order I'm gonna say
nothing I want to just give you guys
gifts that's how it's going down feels
good what we have a more my man we see
you every day
well Merry Christmas for you ha ha ha ha
her own business and the other YouTube
channel
all right yeah man shelli's gets back
here get him - everybody doesn't leave
my sister's yeah you know okay I
appreciate what's your name in Dorset
Plains Austin man I said the others
bodyguard work I do all of it okay cool
armed and hold on
okay cool man well I know how to find
you so I appreciate Ronald man how their
very first
that's for you
what's you happy holidays happy holidays
Christmas no problem happy holidays man
give me 200 I got I got into the pocket
Merry Christmas my man Merry Christmas
give it to him to give his ham to you to
you to you to everybody you're 3 to 3
you get you three come on everybody else
thank you yo yeah give it a I'm cool
back there sitting down everybody
everybody know Christmas my man hey
greaseless
Santa Claus is coming to town
Merry Christmas I got more I swear every
time I come here you guys are so nice to
me when I write your phone
Merry Christmas sweater versus bye
okay well for some reason I'm an e-1
gift
Oh Jeanette awesome bro
we're gonna marry Chris marry Chris is
my man happy holidays yellow do you have
kids yeah okay how many kids you have we
got okay oh yeah oh yeah other one for
you like we got one more oh we got even
another one for you wonderful
okay hot wonderful Merry Christmas Merry
Christmas and a Happy New Year it's okay
god bless alright guys so in and out was
way to pack so now we're here at
McDonald's and I'm not gonna order
anything I'm just gonna give a gift here
we go
tomorrow um I do not like anything I
just want to give you a gift okay I'm
gonna pull up to the window and I'm
going to give you a Christmas gift okay
okay I will see you in a few we're just
getting the gifts ready this is really
amazing
this week it was a punished thing I've
ever done
don't you wish if you just give
everybody in the Rope yes I know it's
crazy because like you don't realize who
we're giving gifts to you never know we
might be giving a gift to someone who's
not even getting anything for Christmas
this year that's a great point kid
rookies I really feel like Santa hi
Merry Christmas you were in there
five okay Merry Christmas Christmas
Merry Christmas everybody have a great
day we love you all right guys we just
pull up to the mall of course we had to
hit this box we're here at least once a
week they're handing out presents at the
red light oh my god guys this is so
crazy look how many more we have left
what's up guys
visit the hole
we appreciate all the hard work that
they do
every time yeah
my man
to give her you
about the pranks other day
hi guys our last stop cars target we're
gonna pull over a target and just our
hand and everybody gifts you ready we
love it
thank you very much oh haha no problem
Merry Christmas my king thank you
right now we can miss you man Merry
Christmas
Oh Merry Christmas
get back
Merry Christmas bro yeah Merry Christmas
cobbler
hey Christmas
over 200
I know I know guys we did it
oh yes we did it complete look what's
left just a bow that's it we did how do
you feel I feel so accomplished I feel
like I want to do this every year for
the rest of my life guys thank you so
much between an end you guys enjoyed the
video
maybe next year you'd be the lucky
person to get a gift from us so when we
doing a lot of giving back we love
giving back yeah we did um and she's
mean we're Thai we're breathing really
hard yeah cuz we were just that target
passing outside right now princess she
was that Homa grandma she sleep now look
I love you
all right guys do you enjoyed this video
which I hope everybody enjoyed this
video give it a thumbs up like comment
share subscribe what's next
you're back with my videos love you guys
see you later we're back now I just want
to say something quick to you guys just
know giving goes a long way it never
hurts to give a little whether you give
a lot of give a little just know that's
something that you give can go a long
ways right princess get your yeah is
that your best friend the orange yeah
exactly guys she has so many toys but
she likes the orange alright guys so if
we do not see before Christmas I hope
everyone has a Merry Christmas right
princess tell them and we'll catch you
guys later
