hey family okay okay that was good all
right welcome back to our channel guys
before we continue you must watch the
last video we did when I pranked
Katherine right don't watch that video
you have to watch it watch it
it's classic like she cried Isle of
Wight why would you say that I cried
because Phil's at this bar I know why is
that like the best part Philip I'm so
bad when you will you cried in my heart
I was like huh
I should really stop film but like it
was already too late like I really did
take it too far alright guys so today's
video will probably be the funniest
video you will ever see on YouTube
alright so would you like to explain yes
so basically yesterday we ordered pizza
and awesome comes up to me and he's like
hey wouldn't it be funny if I prank
pizza guy and but it was so last-minute
though like he already called me was
like hey was already on his way he was
like what building number I even I was
like oh damn he's got to be here any
minute
and so I just randomly thought of like
you know what if we pranked the pizza
guy yeah so I'm like okay I'm like let's
do it right now he's like no no let's do
some other time no let's do it right now
get ready right now put the wig on put
the butt pads in well it's not even buck
Todd just literally just a little pillow
put it in so we're like okay let's go so
we start we get upstairs try getting
ready we're like freaking out looking
for everything the cameras weren't even
like set up or 80b weren't set up we
didn't even know we were gonna set them
up right so I was like I'm putting my
pants on again ready he knocks on the
door and we're like oh no yeah so you
put we propped the camera like on the on
the little bow yeah and we always have
clothes on the couch because I'm always
we're always doing laundry we're always
so busy so we like put the clothes like
around it so we ended up getting this
footage which is hilarious it's the
funniest thing I've ever seen
I was actually upstairs listening to
everything she was like almost ruing she
she was like laughing so hard I feel
like a guy he was listening to her yeah
and I was like oh don't ruin it please
all I couldn't stop laughing as a
funniest thing I've ever heard and seen
in my entire life
so then all this stuff happens
well not all this stuff but so we're
gonna give you an example right now
we're gonna show you um what occurred
we're going to show you what we got on
film and the reason why we didn't use
that footage because like I said it was
so last-minute it was sloppy and we felt
like we could redo it to make it better
and so here's just an example here you
go need to make a copy of your card okay
thanks I'm not a Giovanni my credit card
no worries shit
you're sometimes just forget you push it
so towards
happens every time I call you I know
wine
yeah
in this room
is it rich
um yeah we do have Ranchi okay
if you just asked for next time you
order me prove my knee like you did last
time
we're here
decide total that you said when Hayes
told here in this time you shit
here's big tip
thanks so much sorry
yeah pizza's here
oh yeah it's all God this is your dog
thank you very much have a good one
see ya alright so I hope you enjoyed
that little segment right there that was
just an example of what's about to go
down right now
but better all right that just it was a
fail and I hear me laughing in the
background not and if this goes as
planned we're gonna have series of this
prank like this is going to be the first
victim we're gonna probably do this a
couple times a month and just keep
adding on we just gonna keep doing
victim - victim 3 victim for this
happened a lot of victims so if you work
at Pizza Domino's I feel bad for you but
hey it's it's fun
alright so now I'm about to put all my
who's my name shaquiesha education I'm
about to put on my shaquiesha outfit
shaquiesha white outfit and uh getting
character here we go shaquiesha white is
in the bill but sashawna goodies serve
them right mm-hmm
do the bend and snap you find a walking
off like I'm fun to be like you want a
Christmas kill all right ace family are
you ready for me to prank the pizza man
babe I did it's weird I can never stick
with one accent let me try let me try to
do something to try do something I'm
trying my best
so when he comes I'm like Hello Oh cut
do you mind coming in for a second
that's one accident or hello
do you mind coming in for a second no I
like the first one first you like the
huh
so you and princess gonna go upstairs
alright alright y'all are y'all ready
I'm excited and just let y'all know
obviously I don't really care what
people think and everybody should live
life like that like people should not
worry about what other people think
I just live life how you want to cuz end
of the day whatever makes you happy
that's what you have to do that's what
you're gonna do I look good thank you
very much you know that means that makes
sense cuz you know I don't give a day
y'all ready for this
he bought to be here any minute keep
watch it let's get e hello alright guess
not gonna order for delivery please yes
one sec ma'am please ask if you guys
deliver to the door okay the only reason
why I asked because I called Pizza Hut
and they said I would have to meet the
driver downstairs
that is not delivery right double
checking if they come to the door like I
see now No
oh yes yes the only turning factor and
whether or not they litter the door is
marking oh yeah it's an apartment with
visitor parking all that disco okay you
might have to help me out a little bit
because this is my first time ordering
American pizza and so what what do you
prefer
when people order pizza at Domino's what
did I easily get their clothes in sizes
like okay okay I'll take the arm I'm
gonna go with the large so we don't have
we don't have to go with with a medium
me wow that is that is amazing I think
I'm gonna go with that special let me
get cheese and pepperoni that's that's
it that sounds about right
ah yes one set how long you think you're
gonna take three maybe less okay oh okay
I'll I'll be waiting okay have a good
day
you better hope it's not him
once I get
you made it mocking us our first idea I
got okay
no I so I have to finish at the finish
party come us out a quick second of song
that's what our timing I'm sorry
hello today by Yahoo be overly miserly
Mondays and Rosanna I love you Sharon
witness and she was a runner what else
oh shit excuse me can you please be so
sorry he better tore the paper right
there and close it right there watch one
of it yes
are you having that means okay I'm so
sorry yeah but would you visit a convent
subject is okay from Romeo
I'm so sorry in my credit card right
please please please just or it's cold
outside and the air running fuck I
always forget one credit card what you
pay big nose just your head sunny do
this every time I always forget my shit
I'm so sorry
freaking a oh shit this is my song this
is my song but you just like this all
like over it isn't it's a fun night get
rich oh my gosh
cover my team I'm so sorry
hold on the future design is yes
please shop or please come in come in
room for two seconds two seconds I'm
sorry go ahead ginger please I know to
second Morgan disappointed but I'm
worried buddy
after you nothing okay I'll give you a
chance to shovel please please please
please shut the door authority through
oh please what do I give you a tip you
show me where I do typically so that you
deserve the biggest tip excuse me did
you leave I'll show you to show me what
a tip is showing the officers you have
to show me with the tip is so I can tip
you good yes team you're going to get a
big tip I'm so sorry sorry no openings I
feel so bad
oh my I'm so sorry
okay okay okay but it's just my
boyfriend Robbie please look sorry thank
you so much for being so kind my
boyfriend
here's a let me why is it leave me like
that
I don't know and you you didn't leave it
see that's why I don't even go to pizza
this is insane I eat good you come
inside you don't listen to me
you just leave I don't care I'm on the
pizza I don't care I just need
yo yo
oh my no you might have been the best
guy of all time brah
uh that was comedy uh I wanted to laugh
981 I said oh my god guys oh my gosh
guys you do not understand I was trying
my best not to laugh but it was you guys
do not understand all I was trying not
to laugh this dude really helped me out
doing the toilet paper when he goes he
goes I can't come inside I'm late
they're calling me I'm sorry I'm sorry
what was it sound of all I don't know
I'll know whatever like I don't know
that was anyways guys that was hilarious
and just know Thank You bear stay tuned
for the next victim because I'm doing
this again Queen goes over you're
starving look at her hungry as hell you
hungry - that's as hungry hope you guys
enjoyed the video
oh so me hope you guys enjoyed the video
make sure you give it a super thumbs up
comment share subscribe all that good
stuff and like we always say you know we
can be back with more videos so why not
subscribe
pshah see y'all later
