someone told me never saw
they don't exist in my life these days
but you showed me if I
just find the fit and I need to believe
anytime is possible if you wanna pass
look this guy high-test your limit
in there I can see I'm sure he'll come
here will you help dad I take the trash
out okay thank you okay here no no that
was too big here you take the small one
okay thank you
we got to take it outside open the door
can you open the door
no can't help you oh you're gonna bring
Fifi okay come on let's go thank you for
helping me this morning I really
appreciate it you know that you're a big
help today
okay you need help okay getting down the
stairs okay good job
okay we're gonna open the gate here's
Fifi okay let's open the gate let's go
put it in the trash you got it thank you
baby
okay Wow it's hard taking the bag of
trash out huh okay we're gonna put it in
the trash okay here we go oh can you put
it in there me help you thank you have a
kiss thank you open data I love you so
much oh ma is upstairs
okay let's go upstairs okay got it
you're really a big girl now you know I
thought the stairs now huh
damn you scaring that guy this is scary
for me I don't know if I like you
climbing up the stairs are you wearing
that Nesby today hey come here come here
let me see that does mean you it looks
good on you got it hey are you shedding
it oh mama
hey I've got fused by our outfit right
now your dress and your / off scream
summer and then your beanie screams
winner who do you think you are huh are
you summer winner
what do you want me to do I gotta do a
load but what about mommy's turn no
mommy's too beautiful to do it she's too
beautiful look at her she's just
actually conscious you give mama busy oh
my good thank you
we're like we're like now relax thank
you pretend pretend pretend pretend oh
oh oh no you're stuck let me help you oh
you're really stuck out there oh no oh
she's good appreciate listen okay let me
see there this whole the creature home
oh you're stuck all right by me and
mommy okay come through here like a
puppy can you fit through there can you
can you fit through there okay let's
pull this unless I'm weak as hell you
not moving
yeah I'm sorry baby but you might be
stuck for real oh the news they would
strike yesterday
well you stopped
hey guys what's going on everybody so
before we get into today's video if you
are new to our channel makes you hit
that subscribe button and join the
family and if you didn't get a chance to
see yesterday's video Katherine and I
think that L looks like more wanna I
don't know about y'all but we think she
looks like ah see busy versus Pixar I'm
not sure it's Monsters Inc yeah I don't
know that's a tricky one I think she's
like I'm I think she's right between
both she's I can make sure yeah make
sure a bull and a mixture of mallanna so
if you didn't get a chance to see
yesterday's video here goes just a
little snippet wrote a clip BAE BAE why
do you look like Moana for real oh wow
we need a flower guys I don't know what
mallanna is but L is the real Moana so
well can you turn it down please you try
it down you're not gonna turn down okay
Barney so since L loves Moana so much
and she's starting to love her more and
more every day we figured that we might
be doing a Moana themed second birthday
party which is coming up in four months
she's gonna be too so I think we're
gonna do that we're gonna go all that
we're literally just gonna dress up as
villagers we're gonna make the entire
backyard as like a village everyone s
invited suggests the boys are so cool
even the Ehsan members that we invite to
the party at the dress-up - yeah of
course I do not dress up that's gonna be
crazy fun so not sure if you know this
or not not sure how long you've been
with us but Austin's birthday is
actually one week before Elle's birthday
is on May 20th and then L is on May 28th
so we're thinking we kind of want to do
like a big party all of us together so
maybe we're gonna go like out of town
maybe like somewhere tropical or
something for your birthday and then
come back in time for Elle's birthday
and then celebrate her birthday here all
right else before we continue today's
video would you like to tell a family
anything
huh would you like to tell the x-family
anything yep
what do you want tell them is that all
you want to tell them yeah okay cool
okay you want to get my high five give
me high five
take whoa that was an aggressive high
five okay you take a snapchat
guys she's growing I'm so fast she's
taking her slide and she's making faces
baby are you working the filters are a
family so we're about to leave the house
and we're actually going to be looking
something for moi do you think you know
what it is coming below I guess I can
give you guys one hit and that one hint
is I got Katherine her dream something
and now she's going to get me my dream
something that makes sense
let's just go so as you guys know we're
about to look for something for Austin
but we did just pass by the Greek yogurt
place so we have to stop and you guys
know we have a big sweet tooth
so we're gonna go get that and then
we'll go to our next destination what
you want to try this one okay
while Barry
be good so as you all know we are
currently planning our wedding and
obviously what comes with that as me
getting my wedding band alright guys so
I am standing in front of a place we're
always gonna get Catherine's dream ring
originally so now that she got her dream
ring it's my turn to get my dream ring I
will at least be able to show her what
I'm looking for and to be honest I don't
even know what I'm looking for and if
you know me I have never worn any type
of jewelry all my fingers no rings ever
you have your championship rings I do
but I have never worn anything on a
daily basis so we're gonna go inside
hopefully they have somewhat of what I'm
looking for
my dream ring if anything we're gonna
get at least an idea of what I'm looking
for and we're gonna definitely get my
ring size today something I don't know
so let's go hopefully find my dream ring
what what are you doing that baby's
being good
do you know I scream
is it delicious the delicious Pepe you
are growing up so fast
who are you
your feet are almost touching the ground
you're so cute are you ready to go
inside and see if daddy can find his
dream ring let's go see okay
here they are here's all the Rings get
my ring size
you're definitely looking like a 10 -
but the thing is is that you're broke
you're not going that's weird
this this knuckle is way bigger than
this knuckle what do you think little
loose it's gonna be tricky cuz my
knuckle that feels better now how's it
coming off see how it comes off see it's
even get over to that knuckle you know
it's not supposed to be easy
that wasn't bad okay 6161 is me near the
inside I'm 60 so we're gonna try to find
something that resembles your ring in
moments we can match mmm do you want to
do my cold for sure
yeah you have white out kind of oh not
you
okay so white gold
so I definitely want diamonds I kind of
like this one in the middle yes so you
can get a little oh yeah it's beautiful
you like that yeah you can't really tell
because it's blurry but yeah it's really
pretty ace family
I'm a fan I'm a fan all right Sammy so
this one's a little bit thicker with
diamonds in the middle what do you guys
think about this one this one actually
fits to L baby what do you think about
this one come here what you think about
this one you like this one
do you like this one
look at yours show me yours let me hear
it we all three got rings no mames ring
all right guys so Katherine just kicked
me out because she's talking to the lady
I'm not sure what they're talking about
but guys I'm so excited to finally be
wearing a wedding band I'm not sure what
exactly I want yet but the one I'm going
to get is going to be higher so baby
where we talking to lady about huh
asking some questions things you don't
need to know about huh all right so we
just go back to the house and our babies
are being watched
speaking of babies another baby of ours
is still not back with us yet but Patti
should be back in a few days for those
who don't know who Patti is Patti is our
Goff car he took her in about a month
back to transform her completely
everybody oh my gosh this is really
happening we have to say bye to Patti
so this attempt was a fail and this is a
professional attempt to right here this
is the real deal I don't know what the
hell we were thinking fellas
I'm sorry I'm sorry mr. EU oh my god how
easy this was oh my gosh this is really
happening guys all right family come
here get together everyone say bye to
Patti quick beer I'm sorry
we mistreated you but you will be better
soon we're gonna take you and get you
fixed up in a few weeks you'll be back
better than ever we so take a few weeks
for her to get back right that's right
Patti just trust the process you'll be
back home very soon we love you
he'll say bye
they say bye baby what gosh I can't
believe this really happened but she'll
be back soon
yes she will but she should be back in a
few days you guys do not understand how
excited we are to see her transformation
I honestly think she's been gone way too
long my boy jonathan is the one who's
been taking care of her over at
platinum-based family I'm gonna need all
you to do me a favor and hit up my boy
Jonathan right now go to his Instagram
its Instagram is Jay bill Jay underscore
Bell Jay underscore bill
blow up his notifications right now and
tell him that we can't wait no longer
we need Patti back the ace family needs
Patti back so after you get done
watching this video please go blow up
his own vacations thank you all right
we're gonna go ahead and close out
today's video right here thank you all
for tuning in as always before we close
out today's video we do have to give our
pulse notification shout out to who
bebut today's post certification
shoutout goes to Janet's guevara shout
out to you Janet your boyfriend told us
to shut you out you have good memory
so shout to you girl thank you so much
for being a part of the ACE family I
don't even have to say you already know
we love you whoever else like a pole
sonification shadow all you got to do is
subscribe today's family hit that
subscribe button
what else they got to do yeah turn on
our post notifications hit that Bell
button and once you do those two things
then what do they do yeah once you do
those two things just comment when done
and obviously if you liked today's video
you've got to give it thumbs up give it
a thumbs up you're ready for me to start
wearing my wedding band I'm ready so I'm
gonna make a whole bunch of fake
channels and thumbs up yeah good girl so
like comment share and subscribe god
damn hoo boo boo
and I'm not changing her boo-boo-boo you
have you need to change your daughter's
diaper
is that it thank you you poopoo no lie
hey did you poo-poo be honest you did oh
thank you for being honest I love you so
like comment share and subscribe it like
me and my beautiful family Oh everything
Austin should change her diaper so like
me and my beautiful family always say
back with more videos please
