Hey so although we did do a Q&A video a
couple weeks ago we wanted to answer a
couple of your guys's questions that we
didn't answer so we're gonna be saying a
couple of random facts if you guys may
not know about us let's get started good
start so let's first start off by
letting you guys know where I'm from so
fact number one is that I am from
Palmdale California for those who don't
know where that is it's about 45 minutes
north of Los Angeles okay middle of
nowhere so fact number one I wasn't born
with canine teeth so I had braces for
about three years and according to my
dad and my dentist wasn't a good dentist
so he's saying that my teeth were pushed
back and they took my canines off but I
don't think I was born with them so does
that make you weird because everyone is
everyone born it okay not everyone has
k-19 yeah fact number two for those who
don't know I have one brother and two
stepbrothers all brothers back to number
two I was raised by my dad for the first
half of my life and then for the second
half of my life I was raised by my
mother in Tampa Florida and I was born
in Montreal Canada beautiful okay
fact number three I am a Taurus and my
birthday actually lands on the last day
of a Taurus I'm on May 20th and that is
the last day for Taurus
well fact number three for me is I'm a
very going on the first day of the Virgo
so I'm like blue
okay fact number four is my favorite
smoothie of all time is the red gummy
from Jamba Juice for those who don't
know all you got to do is go to Jamba
Juice and tell them I would like the red
gummy it is on the secret menu
they got red gummy my gummy what's your
secret menu it's in the secret meeting I
know we're super weird so it's not on
the menu oh no it's just guys secret
movie they're like a bunch of different
flavors that artists aren't seen is
Austin gets it once a week or more it's
delicious that's number four my first
job was at Victoria's Secret and my
second job was at this like random like
little ice-cream place and I scooped ice
creams and Oscar waters no that's good
Robin it's like it was like one that
it's like it wasn't a franchise it was
just one and then obviously there's more
after that but yeah those are my two
first jobs I was gonna be 16 I ate ice
cream every day I did I made like
chocolate smoothies every day fact
number five I went to high school in
North Hollywood and it was called
Campbell Hall so like I said earlier I
lived in Palmdale I don't went to high
school North Hollywood had a commute an
hour every day to school so like when I
first heard Drive hundred I was
sophomore junior and like my fresh
freshman year I would ride down with the
football coach cuz he also lived in
Palmdale and so he would take me with
his son to school but after that I would
drive myself an hour every day to school
you know that I drew
and it was a private school by the way
so my parents where I live in Palmdale
and then a bunch of Publix goes around
with my parents my parents weren't
comfortable with me going to a public
school
they wanted me to go somewhere with high
academics and to set me up for the
future as far as like sports wise and
Campbell Hall was great they had great
academics and great sports
so that is why drove an hour every day
to school it was a mission I would I
would literally have practice after
school had practice and I would probably
get done around like 6 or 7 at night not
to drive all the way home and so that
time I got home was like 8 p.m. no I was
exhausted well the reason why I drove an
hour every day to school was because my
mom worked at a salon down the street
from my high school so she wanted us to
be close to her and she didn't want us
to like leave school early or anything
so she drove us an hour every day to
school and she would park in front of
she's a hair stylist so she would
partner with him her salon and wait like
almost an hour every more and of course
she started work she was out my firm
like for you fact number six is that I
played three sports in high school I
played football basketball and baseball
and I was pretty decent all three and
why do mm well basketball was just my
all-time low
like baseball is just too slow for me
and in football I hate getting tap when
I would just run all over the field and
she Austin's really a fast runner and
yeah basketball just some I was always
in love with couldn't get bored with
basketball
fact number six I played hockey soccer
and volleyball and added swimming don't
know you didn't tell me about the
swimming diving that could be known as
swimming remember the other day when I
was where you were in the pool doggy
paddle no no no remember the other day
when I was never you jump in they would
make this flow every day for like the
longest
let's go can flow four hours four hours
I try to flow my whole leg my booty go
down to water because they say it's like
density it's like everyone's different
but I don't know you can't learn you
either can and can't you here have it
you don't yeah okay fact number seven I
went to three different colleges so not
too many not too many people can say
they went to three different colleges
right Sara
so my first college I went to was
Central Michigan and the reason why I
left there is because my coach got fired
so I said deuces and in the second
college I went to a st. Louis University
reason why I left there was because I
didn't get along with the head coach
yeah when I first transferred to st.
Louis the coach that recruited me he
ended up passing away as soon as I moved
there so it was like it was all bad and
I end up playing for a coach of it
recruit me so me and me and him they get
along so I had to make the move from
there and then from there I went to
Eastern Washington my last year where I
graduated and yeah amazing oh and also
this was my next fact but I might as
well say hell I'm on the topic I did
graduate where the three way the three
GPA yes and you have a major and I have
a major communications
am my Master's I just started my masters
and everything else that's number seven
I'm triangle so I speak three languages
English French and Spanish I learned the
first one the first one was Spanish
English kind of it was it was like both
at the same time because both of my
parents they were both born and raised
in Panama so I learned Spanish in
English pretty much at the same time and
then as I grew older I had to go to a
French school because I'm a
french-canadian so the only schools that
were available to me were in French so
yeah so I had to learn French like as
soon as I start at school and I pretty
much learned on my own and then by the
time I was in first grade I knew all
three and I'm currently trying to learn
Spanish along with my beautiful princess
I know a little bit of French
I took it he thought she knows pretty
good French like he you know he knows a
couple words I know I was a bit worried
but like I get to practice I have to get
the Spanish down that number eight is
that I have all girl cousins that is
pretty crazy so and now I have a little
girl of my own so and all my brothers
are boy
so that's number nine I can't live
without chocolate and chocolate every
single day she is addicted actually I
got her addicted I'm actually addicted
does it because I introduced her to
See's candy she'd even know what six
candy was yeah until like couple months
ago until I got rid of it that's crazy
yeah now she eats chocolate for dinner I
eat so much chocolate and you know how
they say like chocolate gives you acne
and it's not good for you that's not
true that's a minute because I don't
know okay
are you chocolate everyday so I back
number 10 and very interesting fact
because you guys do not know this one it
took Katherine all whole week to even
let me in that house oh my god dead-ass
yeah Daniel I was looking thirsty just
to get in the house I would like drop
her off this is after like a bit day too
I dropped her off it was late at night
she was home alone when I was like like
how come I can't come and just hang out
with you like I don't want to do it it's
really been together for two hours and I
got to go home I want to be with you I
want to be with you all night every day
I want to be with you and so like it was
so weird because I dropped her off and
then she was like bye see you later and
then I was like wait in the car so I
thought like maybe she would come back
I'm glad you want to come again but no
and then I was like I'm leaving a text
from like hey so what are you gonna do
are you tired
he goes so um are you never gonna let me
in the house yeah I was joking I was
acting slow you're gonna never just let
me know and I was like she got it daddy
if she got a boy the question was like
don't you have to study for class
anyways alright maybe sooner than
I guess but I'm so glad she was like
that now we also back to number 10 my
name my real name is a Katherine
Katherine is actually my middle name
my first name is something else my first
name is a gram own name it's an older
lady name and I used to hate it growing
up this is my birth name so that like
whenever I'd be in school there was like
a substitute teacher there was like a
new teacher they would say my name and I
was like oh my god all anyone's another
birthday so I was like always like
really embarrassed and then growing up
like I started to like it more even
though I don't use it because there's a
story behind it so should have been
affirmed it's kind of quick good okay so
the story is um when my mom and my dad
found out that I was pregnant they were
like they were really um they were like
17 18 and long story short my mom was
she grew up at the foster parents and
who was taking care of her because her
mom passed away when she was 15 so my
mom was like okay she was in the car and
she was like oh we're having a girl on
my and she was in the cart as well
the lady who took care of my mom and my
dad goes oh we're gonna name her after
you and my mom was like okay she
couldn't stay no cuz I don't know she
didn't want to be rude or anything but
she was like oh she saw my dad later on
she's like I'm always in a corner
Catherine cuz they love that me so yeah
so that's stuck with me so that's my
first name and then Catherine's on
middle name do it so your middle name
actually sorry her first name is
delicious
it's quick alright guys well there is
our fax for you and I hope you guys
enjoyed those facts and before we leave
you guys we have some news to tell you
oh yeah Catherine and I just launched
our dad hats so here are a few just some
ones that we are wearing so now that we
have our own hat brand we have to wear
our hats and our hats only and for those
because we we love dat hats sorry for
interrupting you I know people hate that
but um so we love wearing dead hats but
we wanted to come up with our own
because we don't ever really find
something to fit this Rachel it's so
hard to find hats that you genuinely
love and like and actually like that fit
right to so we wanted to create our own
not just for us but for you guys as well
our fans and so yeah so like I said you
guys these are for you guys so you want
to shop anywhere else for hats we will
provide all the hats yeah you come up
with like an idea or something
like either messages or tweet us or
email us or whatever the cases then we
can try to make them to make them in
different colorways if we're interested
in the idea alright and we will click
the website link in the description
below where you guys can go purchase
them there also is an Instagram page for
them it is called ace hat collection so
they'll check out the Instagram page so
you can see all the hats that we have
and we'll be coming out with new hats
every month for this collection we
launched like five or six hats and next
month we'll do the same and then once a
month each one yeah
and I will say they look a lot better in
person show me that close it's hard to
see it so this one is the dasa dog
filter one different colorways tickets
in blue and black as well
and then obviously faith and they have
the little side on the side oh you had a
little ace logo on the side it's kind of
cool not sure which one for the sides
and is that so yeah thank you guys for
tuning in
make sure you share like comment
subscribe all that good stuff
and we'll be back with more videos
