hey what's going on everybody so you
guys just witnessed the last time you'll
ever be seeing that intro we know a lot
of you guys loved it we also know a lot
of you guys would love to see it go if
you guys have been with us since the
very beginning you guys know this intro
has been with us for a long time now I
think L was like 10 months old when we
filmed that and to be honest as much as
we loved it we kind of hate it at this
point because it's so old and we feel
like we've grown so much as people that
we need a new intro we definitely need
some change going into 2018 our vlogmas
intro was so good we wish we would have
kept it but obviously it's not Christmas
anymore in the holidays of the past so
we obviously can't keep it but we are
gonna be doing an intro today something
that we've been wanting to do for a
couple weeks now but for some reason
every time we try to do it something
happened like the weather was bad we
scheduled appointment one day and it was
raining the other day I had to get my
surgery so I wasn't even able to get up
and do the intro so just a sequence of
events happen so that's the reason why
we weren't able to do the intro but we
finally can so we're excited so today is
obviously an exciting day because we're
gonna be having a new intro but today is
also a very interesting day because we
don't know what we're gonna do for the
intro whenever we film just in general
we never have a plan we literally just
come up with stuff on the spot and to be
completely honest to you guys we don't
even know what to wear you Katherine was
thinking all white
I was thinking all black I was thinking
all of us should wear jeans and then
maybe like white or black or maybe like
different colors but we definitely want
to make it a fun intro we want to make
it kind of like reflecting us
individually so if you guys are ready
for the ACE family to have a new 2018
intro give this video a thumbs up right
now
bad bad are you ready for a new intro
are you ready for a new intro you are
you excited so our video guy Fred should
be here any minute and while we wait for
him we're gonna try to think of some
intro ideas so as of right now we're
thinking that we're all gonna have
individual parts and then we'll come
together at the end yeah think so
so we're thinking Elle's individual part
will be in her world
like maybe on the piano you can never go
wrong with this cute piano or maybe
playing with Theodore
I don't know L what you think are you
taking snaps maybe what you think what
what are you doing what are you doing in
here
oh you want daddy to come in you suck
you I love you our ace family so for my
individual saying I'm thinking it's
gonna take place somewhere outside in
nature I'm not sure what I'm gonna be
doing maybe playing basketball maybe
playing basketball or maybe by the pool
I love the view so maybe somewhere out
here by the pool with a view yeah I
think so
yeah your grass grew back oh yeah I
think my scene should definitely be
outside I think you should do something
playing basketball because that's your
favorite sport and that like kind of
defines a little bit of you so why are
you basketball so baby what do you think
your individual scene should be we'll
figure it out that it we'll figure it
out guys so as far as our outfits go for
today's intro we decided that Ella's
gonna wear this cute little white dress
with red flowers on them and then she's
gonna wear these shoes if they fit her
if not she's gonna wear socks and then
I'm gonna wear this long nude dress with
where are my shoes with these shoes
right over here and then daddy will be
wearing black jeans with a denim button
shirt maybe a white shirt underneath not
sure yet oh uh we shall see all of you
oh my goodness this what you're wearing
today huh
this is what you're wearing today look
at you girl you looking beautiful like
always did that have a kiss I love you
all right so let's talk to Daisy I'm are
you ready to sugaring an intro
it's gonna be fine
this might be the best intro we've ever
done yeah let's do it let's go see what
mommy's doing mom already hey where are
you going honey
Kermie you know we just shoot Mitchell
right god damn alright guys so Fred
should be pulling up any minute and the
lighting is perfect right now so we got
to catch it while it's a 1 and we got to
try your best to knock it out so wish us
luck damn look at you you gorgeous yeah
I just got beautiful in my hands right
now just beautiful this whole room was
filled with beautifulness my girls are
absolutely beautiful alright guys so
Fred should be pulling up right now and
before he gets here I just want to say a
little something I just want to say that
fred has been with us from the very
beginning even before we were on YouTube
it's work is literally so magical that
we're married to him and we wouldn't
dare cheating on him and I just want to
give a little shout to him for all the
work that he's done for us Kathlyn and i
truly appreciate it and we're honestly
blessed to have the most talented
videographer out there but what that
being said even though we were married
to him I guess it can work with other
people no I'm playing whoever else is
interested in a dope videographer I'll
be sure to please Instagram in our
description so you guys can check them
out the magician is now here bro you
ready to make a movie you got the new
camera the new camera let's go alright
guys so al is gonna be shooting her
scene first look huh
hey play the piano baby he's dead that
she's dead out of play
you take kitchen I press turn first her
earthly alright guys so as you can see L
is not interested in playing the piano
right now so we're gonna try to get her
to do something else for her seat Mama's
turn here we go
now it's mama scene goddamn gonna have
fun piece of ass right it's mommy
beautiful yeah she's beautiful alright
guys so I'm currently in the bath right
now and Katherine is shooting her scene
at the moment my best to stay out of the
background or out of any shadows and I
just want to say that I know you guys
might get tired of always hearing me
tell calf and how beautiful she is but
it's the truth like she is just
drop-dead gorgeous like have you ever
just looked at something and wondered
how is that possible
that's me every day when I look at
Katherine I look at her I'm just like
how is being that beautiful possible how
is it possible especially today she's
obviously beautiful every day but
Katherine hardly ever dresses up but
once she does dress up goddamn
don't be so mama alright family so we
just got done shooting the intro and all
I gotta say is this intro was way long
over 2l killed it as always my baby
killed it as always and I guess you know
I did my little thing so are y'all ready
to see it I don't think they ready I
don't even they ready all right are you
all ready here we go in three two wait
wait
I think they should wait until next
video to see their intro I'm just
playing exam just play with job in three
yeah you don't want to see it alright
here we go in three two one new intro
someone told me
never saw
these don't exist in real life these
days nice but you showed me if I
you just find the fit I need to believe
anything is possible if you want this
guy to test your limits top inference
most there I can see I'm sorry
hold the hollow I want to feed again I
want to see it to throw it out
someone saw me
things don't exist in real life these
days
but you showed me if I
just find the fit I need to believe
in a time is possible if you want a pad
look this guy - hi test your lip
I can see I'm sorry all right ace family
what'd you guys think
be honest
comment below what you guys think I know
we're all so happy that we have a new
intro it's also gonna be sad at the same
time we have to let the old one go
between the time yes we are a family
thank you all for tuning in as always
before we close out today's video we do
have to give our pulse in case you shot
out Thank You better
that's crazy I'll get my phone she knew
we had to give a shout out right now so
today's post notifications shadow goes
to Tyler Adams so shout to you Tyler
hey shouts you bro thank you so much for
being a part of the A's family bro we
love you so damn much whoever else like
a post on vacation shout out all you got
to do is subscribe to the ACE family hit
that subscribe button
turn on our post notifications hit that
Bell button and once you do those two
things just comment when done wait oh
and obviously guys if you liked today's
video you've got to give it a thumbs up
give it a thumbs up if you love the new
intro so like comment share and
subscribe and like me and my beautiful
family always say literally say be back
with more videos peace
things don't exist in real life these
days huh but you showed me
