how many all my ace family members to
get up on their feet right now because
this video is about to get late come
with me if you are new to this channel
and you are not a part of a family I'm
gonna need you to hit that subscribe
button right now and join the family
this is for all my ace family members I
better never hear y'all say I don't love
y'all I did how did you freaking do that
wait I know I can't see the ring how do
you see the rim had a shadow over the
house all I needed was my camera and my
ball money baby money but seriously
though like how did you do that that is
crazy what's going on everybody I'm
gonna need all my ace family members to
take a moment of silence for my Queens
beauty right now
how many do take some science for
yourself funny I don't know where you're
going but goddamn someone to find me
thank you I don't know if you all have
noticed but ever since we put the
basketball hoop up I have been back in
my basketball spirits he has he's been
literally using that basketball court
every single day since we clean it up
and not to say too much but the ace
family will be hosting some basketball
events in the near future Austin and I
also want to go to some basketball games
this year something that we've never
really done together we've never been to
basketball game together Evan
other than me just watching him with L
on my belly so with that being said I
want to give a shout out to C geek for
plugging us with tickets to the next
basketball game so for those who don't
know what C geek is C geek is a ticket
app that puts all the events in one
place to make buying so easy I don't
know if you guys remember but I went to
a Bruno Mars concert like two months ago
and I used them and it was amazing so
easy so affordable to find the exact
seats that you want they don't only have
sporting events on the app they also
have concert Broadway shows like Disney
on Ice and just a whole bunch of
different things that you can find they
have everything on there so shout to see
geek for being the ticket plug all right
atm we just don't get straight into
today's video so today's video is only
one of those videos we do because you
guys requested it you guys thought it
was so funny a couple of days ago when I
wore captain's wig out in public so
funny that you guys requested that she
gave me a full blown makeover y'all
talking about Austin put the wig on let
her do your makeup put an outfit on why
y'all really want me to look like that
so y'all really want me to do the whole
shebang so I'm gonna give you on a whole
shebang and to be honest with you all
only do these type of videos because I
just don't give up and I do it because I
love all my ace family members have you
guys ever heard the saying that you
laugh so hard that you get abs well all
I gotta say if you've been eating too
many snacks today's your lucky day
because I'm about to work y'all out with
these last no but for real though this
shit gonna be funny as hell so if y'all
ready to see me not look like me no more
give this video a thumbs up right wait
wait wait baby you scare me you looking
way too ready right now like why you got
all these goodies out what are all these
what I'm wearing fashion over today oh
hell no all right baby you got anything
to save the a family before you
transform me
bass family if you have ever seen a
transformation here on YouTube let me
tell you something you have never seen
the transformation that I'm about to do
in Austin this is gonna be in st.
actually it's not gonna be insane it's
gonna be legit right guys are you ready
to see the ultimate transformation of
life all right
no I'm not ready you gotta get your
shade so we're gonna go with all right
first of all you think it's a little too
serious right now just dis relax chill
move it we're gonna go with oh yeah Oh
kind of same color is me just weird all
right you can't look at the camera all
right guys I'm not gonna look at you
guys so just keep watching all I gotta
say before you continue if I'm gonna
look like a girl I want to look like a
fine ass all right I want to look like
constant bad are you have to focus and
not look at the camera please all right
it's family so the first thing that I'm
doing over here is I'm applying the
foundation we want a more natural look
today never do whatever you got to do to
make me look sexy because if imma do it
you know me I'm not doing what it's okay
by the way this is pretty much how I
kind of do my makeup I know a lot of
people have been asking for my makeup
routine but to be honest there's not
really much to it it's like literally
five minutes
Wow this is a perfect color for you no
no no no no no you can't look Oh God you
can't look don't look they're all nicely
gonna think like
so good I'm looking at makeup artists
guys wanna bite you if I can look like
one girl in the world
I won't look like you it's gonna be do I
look like her what I'm not done yet
well book - um look can you not look at
the camera
you're forbidden you're literally
forbidden by the way girls if you guys
are looking for a good concealer I
personally don't wear concealer because
I don't like it on me for some reason I
literally use the best concealers and I
just feel like for me it's too cakey but
I will say that kylie's cosmetics she
has really really good concealers
they're like so so soft and I'm not just
saying that cuz she's my friend I'm
saying that her Oh Carly how you think I
look good hey I already feel sexy what
is this this is concealing is that
concealer is talking about I thought you
just fucking sit on my face I did but um
I needed more it's name of this
concealer like caramel caramel sexy
splash your really nice cheekbones well
thank you
you see them hoes now don't see them
look you're a ghost right now what I'm
doing is I'm applying some bronzer I
used to use translucent powder but I
don't like it anymore for some reason
poking me a little too hard so I just
use bronzer that's how I do it now we're
gonna do the eyebrows so let's see oh
you better make these mop up you look
awfully yeah I guess I'm dark eyebrows
for all my fellows that are watching
right now I know y'all want to judge me
but only really think it's Dooley shit
so feel real one let your lady do this
and tweet at me yeah you're real one so
right now I'm just using a more feed a
simple morphe brush it's an e 29 morphe
brush and this is what I use for my
eyebrows what's your favorite feature
about me about myself shit everybody hey
know your favorite feature like on your
face yeah everything shit I'm confident
I wanted him confident want me I'll be
right back when you cannot look at the
camera okay don't look at the camera
seriously if he looks at the camera I'm
mad don't do it in yo yo ass back oh man
I ask myself every day why do I do the
things I do but I guess isn't the life I
chose the life of an entertainer so now
what I'm going to do
then do your eyeshadow so I'm going to
use this morphe palette we use this
eyeshadow thing above your eye yeah
close your eyes please
you're really Gordon's eyes don't make
it look good completely different color
of my face I hate when they do that a
cuckoo cuckoo yeah they making they're
off their face be browner there
I'll add be green it won't look like a
patient it's just too much damn perfect
what if I were too much makeup I would
tell you you know what telling you would
tell me yeah I don't need that will you
give me the glitter boy I love you
glitter and then we gotta do your
Cupid's bow yeah but I don't need that
no you're doing you know like somebody
Ligny gonna put highlighter on the parts
where the Sun would naturally highlight
your face so what there is no Sun with
you in the house no like if you know
we're going to do your lip liner so you
want to be precise with the winery
what's your name
I thought your face is glow I know
you're doing a good job so now for the
most important part of today in the eye
so I'm gonna let you pick which
eyelashes ohayo you like that's - no
we're going too far with it now my last
name beautiful enough yeah but you need
a little pop cuz your guy these are some
really nice eyelashes so do not you
gotta come on
then no cuz I'm gonna use these you go
we use these those yes I am is a really
nice eyelashes I know you love to save
money
wait it ain't a series no it hit serious
we're saving these so you gonna give
them to you so I can put them back in
their box let mom know it it all right
okay
what you doing your other face it you
look like they know what you do look why
can't you just take these on okay just
keep looking down all right
QP what the hell oh I can barely see no
you can't then I got curtains okay look
I got curtains on my I can barely see
open please don't something is how you
see how do you make videos I can't see
baby I think you did it wrong no I did
it I did a little bit just like a little
bit oh I can't see okay hold on let me
do something
maybe I got curtains on my about each I
got an umbrella Oh what the hell this is
crazy
yeah eyes are like weird it honestly it
looked like you bought the same good
night oh my good you some saying you
said I'm going to sleep good morning man
for real
what I've got spider legs oh my god damn
out everything you did on me this some
bullshit all right so now this is the
only channel feel comfortable with okay
I want to feel comfortable with this
what they just look no don't look I did
look now is just I'm just doing the
finishing touch
so you just about done hey what'd ya put
some old I don't okay can you look down
please
okay so now teach me to look before I
show the xamot teach me I kind of looked
know before we showed the eights family
your weight on what then I'm gonna get
your lipstick but before I get your
lipstick I just want to look at you
really quickly teach me how to look now
they gotta make um will teach me how to
like do that look like me let me do was
that look they do what's that look
what's that look ya'll women do it like
that I see you you see me oh hey girl
I'm going to shave this thing off all
right so let me just get your lipstick
you dummy
alright so now I'm gonna do a lipstick
for the final touch damn what you look
good look like I got it you kind of like
oh wait before we do that I want you to
wear your wig and I also want you to
wear an outfit no yeah not wearing a wig
I already wore the wig no you're wearing
a wig so just stay right there I'm not
wearing a wig baby I'm not wearing a
week baby I'll wear one of these outfits
I don't want to wear we already bought a
wig I'll pick out a fine ass outfit what
oh oh hell naw but told ah me see in the
front man oh my gosh you look like Milli
Vanilli
look minute I'll be they ready no they
aren't ready not ready oh my god what
you think
oh okay Chum shit I wanna show ya you
ready - too long I can't show Austen
just yet so I just laid out all the
outfits that we have to pick for Austin
to wear today I recently got a big box
from fashion OVA one of my favorite
brands are super affordable I love pop
everything fits I'm actually wearing
this shirt today in pink it's super cute
I'm also wearing these jeans today but
I'm wearing the blue jean version of
these super cute and they actually fit
super well they're known for their jeans
so they're jeans are like amazing
so what should Austin where I'll help me
pick so I was thinking you should
probably wear something like this like a
one-piece like a jumpsuit type of thing
there's another one over here too I
think this one's cute too
you think you should wear this one or oh
my god imagine to be wear this one this
one's so cute though I wouldn't want him
to stretch this one out um if I'm gonna
go with this one we're gonna do this one
I think if it fits you hello
yeah no you if this fits you you can
wear this one no wait hold on one second
let me just show them something really
quick guys so this is my outfit that I'm
wearing today it's by then fashion OVA
if you guys like it I will put the link
in the description so you guys can shop
this shirt and these jeans there's also
so much more stuff so yeah you can pick
from them so you put this on first if it
doesn't fit you then we're just gonna
have to put another one on but I think
that should be fine I know sexier yeah
alright let's do this one then family so
before you see Ostia I just want to say
he has not seen himself yet okay this is
the first time that you'll be seeing
himself after the fact that he shows you
guys what he looks like so are you ready
3 2 1
oh all you ladies out there who think
you were bad Mitch
well guess what you not I'm a bad bitch
okay oh my god your makeup book is
amazing I'm so proud of you honey I know
y'all fight Lux I ain't got a bra but I
got them little titties on me one yes
all right he's family and your honest
opinion tell me what y'all think
great Katherine's work 1 out of 10 10
being the highest and be honest what you
saw on the cake go ahead so well okay
there's a little little preview that's
all right so I'm not gonna lie this is
probably the best transformation that
I've ever seen you look so good as a
girl all right
all right so now it's time for you to
see yourself are you ready
so I've been making Austin look at me
not the mirror over there so are you
ready to see what you look like
not really all right so the way we're
gonna do it is I'm ready
wait you need hair in your face you
could see what you really look like so
I'm going to flip the camera okay are
you ready okay come on bad keeps going
all right one two three
I'll just shoulder are you ready I'm
gonna flip the camera over okay you're
gonna see yourself alright you ready you
ready oh hell no you don't like it okay
it's good but goddamn flip it back over
hold on
oh my god it's the first time that I've
actually been scared of myself this is
not right well look at yourself in there
now
oh hell no Carlos why you followed wrong
Instagram do you know that all you do
know Instagram when they come to my pace
a like every picture do you don't have
do you know how bad I am
you're gonna start appreciating me chef
right leave you alone nasty-ass shit
Carlos do you know what you have all
this could be gone in a blink of an eye
you better appreciate what you have
shit so you telling me you wanna cheat
on me with her because her body is
banging because she is shaving I'm not
appreciate what you had appreciate me
yes max freaky and good they mother
girls starve in a cells huh but me I'm
living like cuz I'm happy we would
appreciate my body shit and you ain't
slick the other day we was out I saw you
looking at that girl's booty what's
wrong with my booty be honest my booty
I'm big enough for you shit a lot of
these girls ain't got booties like this
but I appreciate what you have
fuck you me be completely honest with
you to be completely honest with you
Carlos I'm so bad I don't even need a
man Jerome Jerome my way enough for you
huh I'm not white enough for you what's
the what you tryin to get what he's
white girl Oh huh Shayla sure I could be
why to want to sit around but you know
am i all day to get this low fraction
alright that's enough of this bullshit I
embarrass myself enough time to close
out this damn video y'all go ahead and
get out a little ass Sam there's a last
video I'm doing this on YouTube all I
gotta say I'm retired from this bullshit
damn you look good I'm just such a good
job
I'm an amazing makeup artist you are
Bubba all I know is gonna be so many
damn screenshots today's video Wow there
would be a lot of screenshots like
freaky all I got to say if you gonna
screenshot makes you do a before and
after picture
we need a what they call it the
Instagram of glow label oh yes blow up
or something yeah at the end of the day
if a man can do this he comfortable in
his own skin
alright snuff y'all laughing at me back
to daddy daddy's back all I know is I
should have played white cheeks I better
hurry up and come over here some clothes
out this video because this shit make me
feel uncomfortable as equals that sound
taking a damn shower this shit off me
alright so thank you all for tuning in
as always before we close out today
video we do have to give our poll
sonication shout to who so today's post
notifications shoutout goes to Angela
spelled a and G ela like separate so
shout to you Angela shout-out to you
girl thank you so much for being a part
of the 8th family whoever else like a
pulse invocation shoutout all you do is
subscribe to the x-family
turn on our post notifications and once
you do those two things just comment
when done obviously guys you got to give
this video a damn thumbs up for me do it
for me shit this be able to have like a
million thumbs up she shit I went way
out my other man like what you know is I
am you are so like better like this shit
comment share and subscribe and like me
and my beautiful Queen always say we
back more videos peace
