oh yeah my for me one happy Tom ain't
gonna free hit yeah is really cute but
it scare me what do i do what do I do
it's about time I capture it we have
just accepted that first of all we're
weird and that this live cute teddy bear
won't leave so we're just going to keep
her and I'm not sure if you've noticed
but we got her her own camera because
she was trying to take over the entire
blog today
is that your own camera okay yeah this
one's mom under does mom want that done
show the East family your camera Sean
this is nice guys that's where we have
way too much fun together we could make
an entire video if it was just the three
of us right here in this room hole 50
minute long video just in this room this
camera bad bad I gave you your own
camera this is what you do okay you take
care of the camera okay bye al you have
to treat that camera like it's your baby
okay
yes you do you hug it no teddy bear
where you going what okay go vlog your
room and come back okay
but okay Ryan you want to go see what's
Ryan doing okay we're gonna go show the
a similar Ryan's do I think he's outside
he's doing our outside you want to go
see his art okay we'll take the ACE
family with us Ryan Ryan where are you
Ryan is that Ryan I see him I see him
babe a bit but Ryan's spray-painting
what is Ryan doing
I'll say Ryan Wow bro is amazing you're
not even done yet huh bro why are you
such a magician when it comes to our
babies oh oh
what fire
bro I want one make one for us these
things sound like hotcakes me and L want
one you want one you want one
huh I think she wants one she wants one
wait that des has an idea it is such a
beautiful day out that I have the
perfect idea you won't know what it is
baby yeah okay come on let's do it
Austin what are you doing what are you
making us do right now this looks really
dangerous I would never do anything to
hurt my princess or my queen just know
that there we go
Oh No
why it's turn
finish it bro my part taking it off wow
that's so clean yeah haha kildeer Oh
daddy's turn are you really doing it um
no you're going over here in the
training area okay so since you don't
have orange I guess I'll go with green
what you think about that what you see
what you see which I love the eighth BAM
okay oh my beautiful people it is time
to announce is family sleepover so as
you guys know this month sleepover was a
little bit delayed because of the fact
that I got my wisdom teeth surgery and
so we're gonna be doing it this weekend
before we announce this month's
sleepover I just want to say that every
single one of you is appreciated and
loved and pretty much all of you deserve
to win and you guys don't understand how
hard it is to pick someone when we have
so many ace family members so as you
guys know last time you picked the
winners for the sleepover it was
completely random they were amazing and
I also want to say that I noticed a lot
of people who have been supporting us
from day one people who continue to
support us no matter what even when we
don't even bring up the sleepover even
when we don't bring up giveaways we see
all the consistent people that show love
throughout all of our entire social
medias and I just want to say that we
appreciate all of you and trust me you
do not go unnoticed and when we do
things like this you definitely come up
and we definitely think of you we
definitely talk about you so please just
don't ever give up on anything because
you never know it literally could be you
just like the person who is being picked
today just like them they have no idea
that they're being picked it could it
could happen to you as well but with
that said I just want to say a little
story about the person that we're
picking for today if you know us you
know that we believe in faith and we
believe that things happen for a reason
we're big believers in that and that's
why we do things like this like
sleepovers something so personal and you
know you're in our home in our
environment and it's something we never
really seen anyone do on YouTube to be
honest but because we feel like we're so
open with you guys and we share a lot
not obviously not everything but we do
share a lot with you guys and you guys
know who we are and what kind of people
we are and we honestly feel like you
guys are part of our family so the story
goes a little something
like this so a couple of months ago
Austin and I were facetiming some ace
family members we do this quite often we
just like face types of people whether
they bought merch whether they comment
on our YouTube channel whatever the case
is towards the end of the night we had
one last person to FaceTime and Amanda
Ryan's girlfriend was like hey why don't
you FaceTime this person I promise you
he's your number one Supporter and so we
thought that was funny and we're like
okay cool yeah what's his or her name
and so she gets the number we call him
and we had a great conversation he had
great energy it was amazing and he goes
Katherine I actually met you once which
is so crazy because Austin and I went to
the Grove there's a mall here in a light
we went to the girls like this was even
before that I was like a couple months
before that so this was almost like
maybe six seven months ago we went to
the mall and there was just tons and
tons of people you guys know we take
pictures with everyone that comes up to
us and so at this very moment we were
crowded there was a whole bunch of
people taking pictures with us and so he
came up and I took a picture with him
and what's crazy is I actually
remembered him
so he was like Katherine we took a
picture and I was like oh my god yes we
did take a picture I do remember you and
I remember his glasses and he was so
cute so we had a great conversation on
FaceTime the call ended and then I
noticed him after the phone call I
noticed that the picture that we took
that day and then I also noticed that he
we like posed to take a picture for the
FaceTime and so I noticed that so tell
me why this morning okay Austin goes I
think I found the perfect person this
person is always always on my timeline
this person is always showing love I see
him everywhere and I'm thinking huh I
wonder if it's like the same person I'm
thinking right because I also had a
person in mind that I always see when I
say we always see this person we really
mean it and so he shows me the person
and it was the same exact person I was
thinking and it was literally insane and
what's crazy is he didn't even know that
we had FaceTime him before like he
forgot because we see so many faces we
see so many names and it was literally
insane and I was like oh my god I
believe
that this person is supposed to spend
the night with us this weekend so again
before we announce today's winner I just
want to say that we appreciate every
single one of you trust me it's gonna
happen something's gonna happen whether
it's a next sleepover or whether it's a
giveaway whether it's just meeting us or
us meeting you whatever the case is just
know that we love you and that we hope
that you can put yourself in this
person's shoes because I do believe that
he is meant to win well if you don't win
this time we'll be having another
sleepover next month and we'll be having
more giveaways
we're giveaways to be coming and also I
just want to say another thing too is
please don't feel like he had better
chances or the odds were better for him
to win because we ran into him or
because we facetimed him and as you all
know he is a part of the ACE family so
make sure you show him love and treat
him with respect so are you ready to
announce the winner yeah I was just
looking at his Twitter earlier and it's
so crazy that it's almost like he knew
he was gonna win this is how this is how
this whole situation is so crazy to me
it's like you're just tweeting all the
most perfect things and I was like you
must really have a lot of faith and you
must really pray because you are
actually winning and also what's so
crazy is that there's also so many other
people that we had in mind and it's
crazy cuz it could have been then too
but it just so happened that you know
things just played out the way that they
did let me announce a bit all right
family January's yeah a family sleepover
winner yes your boy bass oh shout to you
bro you have won that ace family to
January sleepover so I'm gonna eat all
my a stinger members right now to put
their hands together and clap it up or
see that so hopefully you're watching
this stay by your phone because our team
will be reaching out to you and just
know we're excited to be having you over
soon so thank you all for tuning in as
always before we close out today's video
we do have to give our poll Stone to
catch a shout-out to women so today's
posted a vacation shout out goes to
Melissa Acevedo and she's turning 18
today
well shout out to you girl happy
birthday whoever else like a pole
suffocation shout out all you got to do
is subscribe to the ACE family turn on
our pulse notifications and once you do
those two things just comment when done
and obviously if you like today's
you gotta give it a thumbs up give it a
thumbs-up for Sebastian Sebastian make
sure you like comment share and
subscribe and like me and my beautiful
clean always safe back more videos peace
