oh come here guys she's hiding for me
right now
oh come here
dad dad wants you I got an idea I got
your baby I got your baby you are your
baby
why do you match your baby hmm that's
interesting you're such a good mom you
match your baby oh you're gonna lay the
baby down oh you're getting a blanket
for your baby
I see so the baby's gonna take a nap
okay okay good job good job now give
your baby kiss
besito besito your baby you're
suffocating her
besito see thought your baby 99 let's
wake her up after we're done with the
video okay
okay bye that doesn't her mouth need to
breathe though yeah like this and come
out there you like that there we go yeah
I fire you did it such a good mommy
bye you're gonna be a good sibling huh
you want a brother and a sister okay
we'll make it happen
hey what's going on everybody
so a lot of you guys have been asking
how I'm doing as far as my surgery my
wisdom teeth surgery
I'm pretty much healed completely yeah I
don't have any pain and the doctor did
say that I'm a fast healer so I'm
blessed for that so not sure if you guys
remember or not but the day of my wisdom
teeth surgery I said something along the
lines of I should bury my teeth for good
luck and I got the idea for my brother
because he said that they do in certain
religions and stuff and it's funny
because a lot of you guys were
commenting saying I never heard that
before
I know so we're thinking that we're
gonna bury them in today's video
somewhere in the backyard yeah what are
you looking for yeah what are you
looking for ah well you looking for that
that's fallen this right here this is
you're looking for huh there you go okay
go have fun okay you need to color don't
you I'll give you the code I'm gonna
have to play else fingerprint on here
cuz she used it every day all the hollow
parts I need to put on your play mode a
little nasty but be following people you
go talk to Joey no Joey no alien talking
no boys talking to Cassandra or
something go talk to Cassandra we
decided that in today's video we're
gonna be burying my wisdom teeth in our
backyard and of course we're gonna take
the ace family with us so you want to
eat you listen to you quick yeah you're
gonna wait you're gonna show the a
family my risen T yeah I think you
should ACL me you want to see her wisdom
teeth it's kind of creepy it's got like
some dinosaur do you isn't it's
weird because like oh yeah
look at that Oh or it's so weird because
when they're dead they look like rotten
I'm gonna break up these ones these ones
were the ones that were visible yeah I
was like ooh baby you're gonna have to
do it too one day
Oh No see so mommy got right here look
mommy back here she got it that's why
she was hurt the other day remember
remember when mom was hurt yeah when my
cheeks were swollen and this was swollen
and I heard remember yeah give her keep
acetal give her besito she's better now
yes oh well dad a - oh my gosh I'm
telling you she becoming a daddy's girl
all right guys let's go to the backyard
and bury these sexy bangs Tina so what
does that mean bro
you tell the x-family what that means
when you bury them and that's what it
says so tell the x-family what you want
supposedly uh there's a superstition
that if you bury if you bury your tooth
or any type of teeth it gives you good
luck to superstition I say I read one
that you have to throw it over your
right shoulder and then you bury it or
you bury it but I was thinking for a
double of threw it over the right
shoulder into the hole we're gonna bury
okay let's do that
put them all over the little box yeah
can you like not don't zoom in too much
huh don't give a shovel yeah I got this
but I'm gonna find a shovel Oh
remember you have to be able to throw it
over your shoulder into the hole so we
take the time to spot in this entire
backyard we think right here in this
location is the best good luck we got Oh
ah damn it she's going down old bucket
lid shut up you got four teeth with me
the for a second really bury them over
there pattycake
well you made the dummy's whole of life
the more the more you know you gotta
side with three times with a spoon one
do good job a I think it's in there so
I'm in the kitchen eating this and Ryan
comes in here and just puts a water
bottle there and a cup and then says
what we have a bet going on I bet you
that I can find an easier way to
transfer all this water into this Cup
just using the straw but I want to see
how you do it first all right
just using the straw go carefully
welcome change
hello so so the bed is where we can
transfer the water to the cup as fast as
possible okay only you think the straw
though okay so you put the time around
yeah all right you ready using the straw
you can't spell either he's pretty smart
he's smart huh
you got it 34 things fell right
bail how's it feel that's pretty
it 44 seconds right well I give it a
minute because you still have like two
more seconds okay fine hey Sam you're
pretty impressed aren't you yeah let's
see let's see
no I actually think you're drinking it
hey show him how it's done right how you
doing all right take the other cups and
everything out of the way so it doesn't
confuse a family huh that's just
he has YouTube with that you're a
cheater
no I got it myself no you can come over
here let's go to the computer Street
ten bets you will always win break your
friends and family you're a cheater I
guess we're both four nesters it runs in
the family but it's pretty genius
I was genius - don't lie how'd you come
up with that don't lie bro - do you - no
that's been asked well on another note a
family I promised you guys at once Ryan
was done with trace that - always show
it to you guys and a few hours after
uploading yesterday's video he was done
so shall we shall day say oh here
tonight comes the light so before we
show it to you a simile Ryan has some to
say okay so I need one more session with
him because the pain was was a lot of
side I wanted like traumatized to skin
too much but it's still good for those
who were saying that um Ryan was doing
good job in the tattoo just so you know
Ryan has been doing this as his job for
like a couple of years yeah in Miami so
it's not random like he actually knows
how to tattoo but this happens to be the
first time that Austin and I were in a
strong I'm doing it tattoo so we were
actually super super impressed even
though I knew that his heart work is
amazing and Austin even mentioned that
he wants to get a tattoo now but he
doesn't need anything what do not even
think about doing any more tattoos on
Austin but tell her every doing what
they please
you have so many every rat game ever is
next time - Oh bro we're in a rat game
bro know if I can do Nick I don't know
if I can do the neck I can do the cheeks
though but you are y'all ready to
witness greatness three two one
a family so what you think comment below
what you think question so what do you
have to just shave the leaf and stuff
yeah more red and what about the leaves
yeah pretty green it just really hurts
the road like last night wasn't that
pain yeah guys I got a lot of tattoos
but just know this neck pain ain't no
joke your is really painful on YouTube
yours how was it the worst tattoo you're
horrible or this win in two seconds play
needle her as my give more time bro
all I gotta say you guys are all because
through the leg tattoo was one of the
worse than one last one why are your
chest trance techno I gotta bust out
make it right now get the ribs back
that's not talking hurry
yo no not about pain are a family so we
are currently in Elle's room right now
I'll be honest with you guys just a few
months ago I always thought that L is
gonna be a mommy's girl but just these
past couple months she's been showing
otherwise I don't know but to me it
seems like the older she gets she
becomes more of a daddy's girl so baby
what you think about that know about her
being a daddy's girl only because
because I do all of gosh no you want
that letter going there dad there mama
your mom or dad who oh you know what I
am NOT gonna give up on this I believe L
is a daddy's girl as a matter of fact
let's really find out the truth I
actually got an idea come all right
family so this is what we're about to do
so we're gonna put L right here in the
middle
Katherine's gonna be on one in the house
I'm gonna be on the other end of the
house and
truth will tell and the truth will tell
whether she's a daddy's girl or a mommy
screw you guys no we're just messing
around but we really about to find out
the true fight so I'm going that in and
the Mama's gonna go on that end
all right about to find out the truth
hey oh don't be lying today's family now
okay
all right go look you'll see there's
mama it's even it's even see mama I felt
so betrayed and you got to give her
candy now that you cheated
hey hey you go baby that's for you tell
him you're really a daddy's girl because
you're just like Daddy
right you addicted to candy like that
right are you addicted yeah yeah mm-hmm
Oh your baby's gonna get some candy your
baby eats candy too
really oh I don't think your baby can
eat candy you eat it you eat it is it
what oh now you want to go play outside
you want to play the ball now after you
got the candy baby you betrayed Dada
Dada this mean not now you want to go
play huh she got her candy now she
want to go play how babe is crazy even
though my baby betrayed me this is for
her you ready out you go this is for you
slick I'm eight mm-hmm I'll come close
to us I'm right here
come right here here do you love mama
do you love better oh I feel so much
brighter
equally huh yeah no but seriously we
were just kidding the whole entire time
we're not gonna have a baby pig between
their parents it's a joke it's a joke
it's a joke again I repeat it's a joke
all right guys we're gonna go ahead and
close out today's video right here but
before we close out today's video we do
want to mention that we will be picking
the ace family sleepover winner tomorrow
so if you are not subscribed make sure
you hit that subscribe button join the
family if you do not follow all three of
us on Instagram make sure you do so and
that's uh that's really it so thank you
all for tuning in as always before we
close out today's video we do have to
give our post notifications shoutout to
whomever so today's post certification
shoutout goes to s squad a shouts US
squad thank you so much for being a part
of 8th family you know we love you
whoever else like a post on vacation
shout out all you got to do is subscribe
to the ACE family hit that subscribe
button and you gotta turn on post
notifications which is that mail button
hit back once you do those two things
just comment when done and obviously if
you liked today's video you got to give
it a thumbs up so like comment share and
subscribe and like me and we don't want
to see something okay
so if you guys made it this far in
today's video and you're at the end make
sure to comment what was your favorite
check and yesterday's video if I saw the
video you know exactly what I'm talking
about
my favorite check was when you said
chicken noodle soup take new self check
so like me and my beautiful Queen always
say I'll be back with more videos peace
