hey ace family what's going on everybody
so before I get into today's video if
you are new to this channel make sure
you hit that subscribe button and join
the ACE family so we're just gonna get
right in to it today so can anyone guess
who's back well I guess if you can read
you know who's back
weighing in at a hundred and twelve
pounds about five six body like a
sculpture hair silky dirty blonde lips
about juicy as hell eyes just glistening
kneecaps I only see my best friend my
lover my queen my writer died my rib
she's what keeps my heart beating she
fine is wine mile of seniority mile of
 drunk my bang bang my fine glass
of wine what they be saying the music
videos my farm bitch she my cup of tea
my honey dip she might bury dying
so if you are new to this channel my
baby got her wisdom teeth pulled out for
him banks and the doc said it was by far
one of the worst wisdom she surgeries
he's ever done so she's been out non
from the cam for about a week or so but
today that finances back
not exactly 110 percent just yet she
about 50 55 but she back on the camera
and I know it don't only make me happy
it makes y'all happy so are y'all ready
to see her fine ass if you already
give this video thumbs over right now we
need to start this video with all thumbs
up so uh let me see if she's ready baby
you ready
y'all better preparing ourselves now her
cheeks still a little swollen but she
bad bad bad what what you not my bad bet
you you're my baby but not my bed there
are less rice again my queen reveal
yourself
and she's back so as you guys can tell
and still do this well and I can't
really talk much my mouth can't move
like further than this crazy I'm still
feeling a lot a lot of pain but I'm not
taking any more painkillers so I'm
literally just letting myself heal from
here on out you might take about a week
to two weeks to be back to normal or
longer he's so beautiful my brother is
still beautiful I'm also really nauseous
right now I know you guys can't tell
that I am really nauseous I don't really
know why but I've been feeling nauseous
for the past week I do want to give a
huge shout out to doctor for nod for
doing my surgery he did an amazing job
obviously I'm in a lot of pain because
my situation was probably one of the
worst cases but I do want to give a
shout-out to him because he did an
amazing job and I know that I'll be back
to normal so for those who watch our
videos who need their teeth surgically
pulled out surgically removed whatever
their case is he does an amazing job his
name is doctor for nod he's in Beverly
Hills there his staff is amazing their
office is amazing everything was great
obviously the healing process is the
worst part but they did an amazing job
so we're back hey mommy's back say it
mommy's back say it baby mommy have a
seat Oh for being back oh I love you
alright guys so we're obviously gonna
take you with us today it's been a while
since you've seen all three of us
together so we're gonna enjoy today and
breathe guys alone you guys ready that's
cute so we're starving and there ain't
no better way of starting a great day
without great breakfast
alright guys so after we ate L asked us
to take her to the coop which is a place
for kids to go to act reckless so we
literally just pulled up and so
hopefully she wakes up in a few and
still wants to be here so we shall see
y'all back in a few Oh guess who just
woke up
good morning you know you want to go
anymore yes you do you want to go play
you don't want to play with other babies
you want to see babies you want see
puppies no puppies uh you want to go
play at mommy and daddies
what do you want to do all right let's
go come on let's go yeah let's go let's
go
look baby look Wow Wow baby
come on come play come on let's take our
shoes off everybody take our shoes off
come on you two look at mom I go go mom
I go go go go I'll be careful
we're the only ones here no one wants to
play with us
I swear whenever we go out looking for
babies there's no babies around no one
wants the blue eggs man
all right let's see if she's still
scared of the balls remember last time
we were here over here you don't
remember
baby why can't you go by yourself baby
baby L usually loves life
you can do it I like that you have the
power to do anything you wanna do it
again
there take days family take this family
kill your mama good yummy yeah I know
you want me to go you're recording me
help me okay here I go
yeah all right it's the ace family short
of going on the slide here they go you
get them
jump
I gotta go
alright guys we had a blast here but
it's time to go back home all you got to
do is look into my eyes and we're back
home what are my girls playing oh okay
your letters what let me sit right here
okay sit ringing okay you know how to
spell your name okay how do you spell
your name yeah you need to e where is it
e all right guys so we don't have
another uppercase L so what should we
use my back seven okay upside down seven
there we go is L look whose name is that
alright guys so Bev and I are gonna give
you guys a few updates update in the
middle one lazy
numero uno uno pati should be back with
us next week if you do not know who
Patti is it is our lovely golfcart she's
been gone for a few weeks you need to
get pampered and you'll see why next
week update numero dos chef Touche
is no longer with us she'll have your
personal reasons so we will be having a
new set sometime very soon but with that
said she's an amazing person so you guys
I'm looking for a chef you guys know
where to find her and she does an
amazing job update numero tres we will
be picking our second sleepover winner
next week things got a little delayed
because of obviously Katherine's surgery
we're obviously excited for that if you
want to have a chance to sleep over the
ACE family's house all you gotta do is
subscribe and show love it's that easy
now numero Quatro next month we will be
doing a huge giveaway not gonna tell you
guys what it is just yet
yeah so this entire week that I've been
recovering I've been doing a lot of
research on a lot of different things
that we want to work on a lot of
projects that we want to do and as far
as giveaways I've been working on that
like the hardest so that's something
that I really really want to share with
you guys I really want to show you what
it is but just note that this is
probably gonna be one of our bigger
giveaways that we've done obviously the
car giveaway was the biggest moment
we've did personally that's the one that
oh my gosh you did
a car giveaway it like just brought back
memories guys if you guys haven't been
with us for that long we bought a car
for one of our subscribers a really
really nice sheep should we roll the
clip yeah roll the clip
she's painful now you ever driven a GP
for I hope you like white everyone was
picking out white actually that's
something we want to do pretty much
every year because we just love the idea
we love the idea of helping people and
giving them something that in this day
and age not everyone has so definitely a
car but the thing that I'm talking about
for the next giveaway is something that
really it's weird because I've never
seen this happen before but it's
something that a lot of people will be
able to participate in so it's honestly
one of my favorite things we're gonna do
on our Channel and this giveaway item
means a lot to Katherine yeah it's so
simple but it means so much to me yes
because it's something that I personally
never really had growing up and I know
that a lot of people can relate to this
thing well
what are you doing you've been awfully
quiet over here what are you doing yeah
okay you being good okay okay so any
more updates so as you all know
Katherine is still not a hundred and ten
percent just yet her mouth is still in
pain she can barely talk so we're gonna
go ahead and close today's video right
here thank you all for tuning in as
always before person but before we find
someone I want to say something because
I'm looking at the most recent video
that we posted and it was the one of you
doing the cereal thing and I just want
to say that a lot of you guys are
offended by the fact that Austin wasted
food the where were they Terriers Lucky
Charms chars the fact that Austin wasted
Lucky Charms to make the video but what
you guys don't know is that he probably
wasted for the video he probably used
for the video about how many boxes was
it for maybe four boxes at the most and
that was to make a video so we gave the
extra boxes to people and their kids and
just before I end this video I just want
to say in order to create content you
have to do things out of the ordinary
this is what we do on our channel we
create content and so for us to film
every single day and make videos to
entertain you guys we have to do things
that usually you know are out of the
ordinary and this type of video is a
trending type of video or it's a video
that people do a lot on YouTube so if
you don't like it and you don't
understand it it's okay you don't have
to watch our videos but you definitely
don't have to come onto our videos
bright and early okay and be negative on
our channel and the reason why I'm
saying that is because you guys don't
understand what goes through the process
of making a video every single day and
saying this because I'm not all of you
are negative obviously we probably have
the best positive families in the world
but I will say that a lot of you come on
our video strictly to say negative
things and I don't agree on that and I
don't agree that you know you're gonna
come to our channel and specifically
point out the one thing that you
possibly could find wrong so just have
that in mind and next time you watch our
videos or just don't watch them at all
and trust me we won't be missing you
ya'll pissed the wrong woman off today
where'd you come from I'm gonna assume
that whoever was talking negative on our
channel is not a part of the ACE family
so they can just
ba-ba-ba-ba backs what I was saying
before we close out today's video we do
it to give our post notifications
shoutout to whomever so today's positive
vacation shout-out goes to Chelsea
Foster link so shock to you Chelsea
thank you so much for being a part of
the ACE family and having our post
notifications turned on whoever else
like a post indication shoutout all you
got to do is subscribe to the ACE family
turn on our post notifications and
comment when done and obviously if you
liked today's video you got to give two
thumbs up so like comment share and
subscribe and like me and my beautiful
family always say we'll be back with
more videos peace
