these days hey what's going on everybody
if you're new to this channel before you
continue watching make sure to hit that
subscribe button and join the family and
if you didn't get a chance to see
yesterday's video my one-year-old
daughter was nursing her recovering
mother I'm her dad and it amazes me how
smart she is she knows our mothers and
pain and needs care roll the clip guys
it's the cutest thing ever watch how L
takes care of her mom
this makes you want to cry you must take
care of Momo come on take care mommy
be gentle Kang
be gentle okay it's okay
you rub her head for her
you rub her head for her yeah we're here
my mommy's head right here a bit I'll
give her massage mmm you did you give
her a besito give her a besito on the
cheek soft say mommy get better okay
I'll give her a hug before we leave I
don't know about y'all but that scene
right there almost brought tears to my
eyes a little update on Katherine she's
feeling much better today which is good
news she said she wouldn't mind being on
camera her swollen cheeks but the pain
is just too unbearable so again you're
just gonna get me and my little princess
so hopefully you still enjoy today's
video what we got planned today is I'm
sure you all read the title already I am
going to create the best baby cereal
pool that's ever been created for those
who don't know else two favorite cereals
are Cheerios and Lucky Charms so I'm
gonna go to Costco and get as many Lucky
Charms cereal boxes as I can and I'm
gonna bring them back to the house and
create the most C realistic lucky charm
cool so shall we get on with our day
come on
well overly I don't want to drive I want
to get there much quicker so I'll meet
y'all there
one X again we gotta hurry up we gotta
find all the Lucky Charms boxes we could
possibly find anyone know where the damn
cereal boxes are at in Costco good where
are they broke oh they're all dirty I
see him I see him I see in this way
honey bunches no Cheerios they're good
but not today
more Cheerios frosted mini-wheats no
raisin bran no frosted flakes no Froot
Loops no Lucky Charms
here they are catch a spam libros good
catch so I think we need all of these
boxes okay so let's just start stacking
them I feel lucky every day I think we
need more they were good to go
I'm feeling lucky
let's go seduce me excuse me I'm feeling
lucky
excuse me excuse me I'm feeling lucky
we're in the middle right now hurry
hurts a family I've always wanted a
moving cereal bag
everyone's looking at me crazy because I
am crazy
how you feeling what are you feeling
lucky are you feeling lucky
yeah
I hope no ass it's gonna look girl you
lookin look
okay awesome you okay oh you're good I
was just coffee cuz I'm feeling lucky
we got enough huh because what a family
why do you think we have enough what do
you think my answers gonna be
because what fairly lucky that's why
it's wait wait you know me I don't like
to drive so in order to get home this is
what we have to do everybody stand up
whoever is watching this video if you
were in front of a phone or a computer
or a TV
step away and everyone jump with me on
the count of three two one and we're
back home because so now I'm gonna start
creating the baby cereal pool and then I
have to find my lucky princess some
water
I'll be honest it looks like I bought
way too many but I'm feeling lucky let's
find my lucky princess are you feeling
lucky
I'll don't know where she is oh there
you are look what that got you your
favorite cereal I'll sit down so now you
just sit right here and relax and just
eat as many as you want and that is
gonna fill you up okay it's gonna put
more on you is that cool okay gotta stay
still okay there we go there we go you
stand still Oh get in your diaper honey
this has got to be the coolest pool you
have ever seen
this the coolest baby pool ever your
diaper we're gonna put one more back
yeah we got a cover both legs honey
you're a savage you're a savage we gotta
cover both legs take your leg in there
here we go here we go
holy mother of Lucky Charms Wow can I
get in here you want me to put more okay
we're gonna ace family I'm really
surprised right now that she's letting
me do this
Oh grow expand the who remembers when we
did this with the Eminem's if you don't
remember
roll the clip now you covered my Ma's
we're almost there almost there ladies
and gentlemen heavy I'm gonna get in
here with her to come we're back we're
back
it's like a perfect sized pool I know
thank you thank you daddy you hungry is
here she wants more
all right then I don't know if we can
put any more after this oh I honestly
don't think a penny more you want to
come out okay
slow slow slow slow slow good good good
good good oh my good guys even her
diaper is lucky we didn't put you to
sleep
come on it's time to come come come come
thanks family this is a lot of mess here
that died Beverly do we need to get all
these off you whoa whoa
even her foot is lucky all right so
since we have so many leftover boxes of
Lucky Charms we're gonna donate them to
the lucky charm community so now the
most difficult part of today is uh
cleaning up you want to help that
acclaim you do I love you you're gonna
help me clean I'm gonna clean and then
you hold the camera for Dad okay you
feel me why clean okay good job hold
this Danny okay thank you all right put
these over here good job you have great
stance hey thank you baby for holding it
for Deba thank you for holding it hold
it straight on the cricket all right um
so do you want to eat all these Oh put
the camera on my face put the camera in
my face thank you so do you want to eat
all these Hey
my let me see can I see the camera no
okay you hold it okay good job when I
down his face Thanks what am I put in my
face no you don't have to wipe it off
honey
it's already clean so look at me okay
was it good
thank you
all right then we'll be back in about 30
minutes oh wait before we start cleaning
L wanted me to try a few of these so
we're gonna play a quick little game I
have to try to eat as many colorful
Lucky Charms I possibly can in one
minute are you guys ready thank you very
much the timer starts now
tell me come on your daddy's twin I love
you oh my gosh gosh you really tried
helping me eat them all bad you would go
to war with Daddy huh
don't let me keep going I ain't gonna
lie to you I'm lucky charms wasted I
think next time we do something like
this we'll be with my favorite which is
Krispy Kreme Doughnuts
all over the house and guys you don't
know how hard it is trying to come up
with content while catherine is in bed
in pain I know you guys love seeing all
three of us together but I'm trying my
best to keep you all entertained and
just know Catherine will be back in
front of the camera very soon so we're
gonna go ahead and close out today's
video right here so thank you all for
tuning in as always before we close out
today's video we do have to give our
post indication shout out to let me get
my phone real quick today's posted
occasion shout out goes to Jacqueline
gray shout out to you girl thank you so
much for having our poll syndication
turned on whoever else like a poster in
case you shout out all you got to do is
subscribe to the ACE family hit that red
subscribe button turn on our post
notifications hit that Bell button and
once you do those two things all you got
to do is comment done oh and eat and
obviously if you liked today's video
you've gotta give it a thumbs up like
comment share and subscribe and like me
and my beautiful family who's not right
next to me at the moment always say hey
Sam let you say this time literally
always say I'm gonna go ahead and trust
you and act like y'all just set it we'll
be back with more videos peace
