someone told me never saw
they don't exist in my life these days
but you showed me if I
just find the fit I need to believe
anything is possible if you wanna pass
hi Tess your limit
I can see what's going on but you know
you just wake up some days you just feel
blessed extra blessed that's how I feel
today and I just want to say that we're
so blessed to have all of you for those
people who like comment always show us
love on our videos you guys are the real
ones so if you are not a part of the ACE
family make sure you hit that subscribe
button to join the family and if you
don't have any ACE family March all you
got to do is go to shop a cinema comm
link is always in description so before
we actually get into today's video I
just want to say that it is going down
it is going down April 1st so all I
gotta say is make sure you mark it down
your calendars April 1st I will be
picking my opponent for our basketball
charity event ain't nobody wanted so
whether it be your favorite youtuber
your favorite artist your favorite
celebrity somebody's gonna catch a nail
and on April 1st not only will I be
picking my opponents but I also will be
keeping you guys updated on when and
where you guys are able to purchase
these tickets and you guys already know
where the events gonna take place here
in LA at USC arena
it holds 9,000 people ace family I know
it only holds 9,000 but we want to see
as many of you eight family members as
we possibly can for the opponent that I
do pick he will also be bringing out his
support system and all I gotta say is
they might not be enough room for his
because the 8th family is gonna sell it
out so like I said April 1st and I would
be honest with you guys I haven't picked
my pony it I don't know who I'm gonna
pick
but there has been a lot of people
accepted my challenge which I'm kind of
surprised so that means those people who
accepted my challenge
there ain't no backing out now and for
any other potential opponents you guys
only have a few more days to step up to
the plate and accept my challenge so
these next couple of days should be
pretty interesting so right now many all
my ace family members to give this video
a thumbs up right
and comment below hashtag I'm ready for
April first
so now let's get into this crazy-ass
challenge that I agreed alright guys so
I'm sure all of you read the title of
this video and we're a bit confused so
the way this challenge works is I'm
going to be asking Austin a list of
questions I have ten questions that I've
written down I'm going to ask him some
questions that he should know if he
doesn't get them right I'm going to
paintball him what oh good thing there's
only ten questions because that means
you only get ten paintballs okay you
only get ten tries tries yes that
doesn't mean what if I accidentally do
it no there's no accidents here it can't
be accident to you so like she said
she's gonna ask me ten questions I
should know them but sometimes fellas we
forget things why am I doing this so if
I happen to get the question wrong she's
going to paintball me Oh God but only
from the stomach down okay good and
that's also why that's also a lot I
purchased these this morning so I also
will be wearing for safety purposes wear
these here goggles and I'll fix a fee I
need the cup you never know fellas these
women out here can get a little
trigger-happy
so obviously this challenge is for all
the ladies out there or significant
others out there that have some anger
built up towards their demand I don't
have anger bro so I can't see you though
you sure yeah okay good so for all my
fellows out there you better hope your
lady doesn't watch this video because
she bought the test you less you better
hope that you know all the answers
oh I'm gonna know all these answer no I
don't think so
so these couldn't
better not be trying I don't know trick
questions vinegar are you ready to get
this started or what am I ready I'll be
honest
get your little outfit pair okay so
before you actually do this you were
discretion okay people do not try this
at home
for my young people who are watching
this this is just dumb stupid immature
but we are doing this for entertainment
purposes only
you guys keep asking for challenges and
pranks and stuff like you guys wanting
you guys want to see a spicing up and
like I mentioned before and I won't
mention again you do need proper gear
when doing this challenge oh we're
jacket oh yeah we're jacket sure that
yes shit oh because gonna be complaining
or done yeah go to the bathroom get
yourself Spanish am i right I have to
sit down this yeah she is pregnant so
she has a lot of hormonal imbalances huh
going on so all right fell this'll just
so you know I only got one pair of pants
on I got this cup I got these pants and
I got my drawers okay so what we trying
to layer up and we got a t-shirt on -
I'm scared of nothing so as you can see
we removed all the cars back here we got
the cardboard boxes and may hit a little
bit up top they hit the cabinets but
it's okay it's pain easy removal so
who's ready so how do I turn this thing
Oh
I know how to shoot I dunno not a turn
fellas make sure you teach a woman give
her the paintball one-on-one oh hey oh
no all right I'm not ready you have two
questions yeah let me study all right so
I'm gonna ask you the question when you
got 10 seconds to respond if you don't
respond on it okay all right so when I
ask you a question you have to do your
best to respond so one-word answer no
like this that maybe like then I'll
shoot you okay No ten seconds question
number one what shoes that I wear on our
first day no I remember hold on let me
help me hi V hi
you had me I know yes I went up behind
you told me that Ray can I help okay
okay so I was right Mikey oh come on I
can shoot immediate first of all the
black boots you know essentially no if I
get it right am i uh okay second
question would you miss second question
if I miss it's my fault
okay second question me when you
question number five what's the biggest
scar on my body
oh these for you you got one on your hip
I don't know what I'm making for you do
I don't you do I don't you can use the
little crazed get it off
yeah it's my butt oh my baby scars right
here what my biggest scars on my thigh
you go ten years old it's white you see
it I never say that score my life
wrong-o going to get shorter no no no no
question all right
for how many countries in total question
number seven what is my bra size
the question usual makeup wizard yeah I
actually have to make up to mom
next question was my favorite sneakers
that I own baby you've got like a
hundred sneakers but you can stay with
the brand you like your knees you like
your Nikes no cheese no adidas by the
way I'm not an answer I'll just say what
you like no I think you like you're
supposed to respond to the one that
you're supposed to do one answer I'm
saying I'm going to the list no you
can't go through the next question how
long does it usually take to do my
makeup
Oh easy you do it quick you're like
maybe like two minutes yes next question
what's my favorite color ever since I
met is that purple is your favorite all
right for the past year next question is
a yes or no question all right no or
live either have I ever broken into
no no no so that was all the questions
but I had a bonus 100 this question is
what province was I born
what promise was I born in what travel
is I born in the middle give me a spot
today ace family see how she does me I
thought this woman loved me
so you got hit four times yeah I know I
got four bruises who they actually went
better not die all I gotta say is that
unless you've got a hope your lady
doesn't watch our videos because she
does you are screwing good question
those are great questions I was
surprised and I got I got 90% of those
right you were making up some bullshit
I wasn't be anything first of all I said
Moana
that was right no you know you loved or
Ian Dory's Pixar and I said well that's
like saying I got right I really only
got like one question right and and my
process yeah I know what you're both
sides I said you're a 32 C or 34 c 32 D
st. shit guys don't ask why we decided
to do this challenge don't ask why I
agreed to do this challenge this was
just straight-up stupid well hopefully
it was entertaining yes I got bruises I
want to see this one guys give this
video a thumbs up right now if you want
to see more videos like this this is a
crazy ass video you guys know us we're
not really into doing you know the crazy
crazy you can't well every once in a
while we got to spice it up for y'all so
we don't go ahead on today's video right
here before we close out today's video
we do have to give our Polson in case
your shout out to whoever does today's
closed
Chagas to add dark skin beauty shots you
girl thank you so much to be a part of a
spam that you already know we love you
whoever else like a pulsar nation shut
out all you do is hit that subscribe
button turn on post notifications hit
that Bell button once you do those two
things are you gonna do is comment and
obviously if you liked today's video
you've got to get a thumbs up give it a
thumbs up for daddy
bein daddy no give it a thumbs up for me
yeah you can give it doubled over to so
like comment share and subscribe and
like me and my beautiful pregnant we
always say we'll be back with more
videos wait wait wait
