okay I see you whipping out the ace fam
this morning gorgeous gorgeous so till
they family when does that drop are you
really
yes tell them when does that drop Friday
where can they get it what what do you
want you want me to show you your hair's
not done we can't show you yet okay I'll
get back to you later
to be continued so so we're can you cut
that shirt so back to you my princess
we're doing your hair right now okay
cool all my princess is here is getting
so long and you can actually put it in a
bond now what you call that French bun
do you have crop are you a chicken head
crop oh okay oh okay yeah Oh get that
face oh the attitude I see you it's not
listen to this song ooh get it hidden
with the absolute face like mmm like mmm
there you go hit with that face mmm I
guess look mmm there you go good good
yeah act like you smell a fart like mmm
wait wait she can wear these today oh my
god you do not understand how long I've
been waiting for her to be able to wear
these I got these boots for her like a
year ago
and they finally fit yeah yeah you like
him okay he put him on good job I guess
I can like the rain now since she's able
to wear her Rangers and that's the only
reason why I like the rain because of
the boots only reason so back to the
weather report last night
Oh No whoo that's my bad
that's my bad forgot the alarm when we
go out of town for like one day you
forget yes so back to the weather
reports so last night there was quite
the storm if you live in the LA area you
know that last night it was a bit stormy
and as you can see there's some left
over from last night the trees and the
ground
and the earth is hurting right now and
not to mention at the a family house
last night in the front of the house one
of the palm trees broke and snapped roll
the clip
then I say roll the clip roll the clip
it's so windy right now wait
what the hell is that palm tree why dump
it's so windy a palm tree broke
that's scary that's so scary palm tree
broke no hope nothing else broke
oh my God look I went eat it this is
scary
damn
pomme she was just snapped going on
outside oh hell no all right news guy
let me take it over from here he's
family it was so stormy last night that
it was kind of scary and as you saw the
palm tree literally snapped now I was so
scared if the other ones were gonna snap
too cuz we got so many of them around
here that I was scared that this one was
gonna snap and hit the house that
wouldn't have been good so I think we
should all go rescue the tree
let's go guys when I saw this last night
I'm gonna shed a tear because I love
these palm trees
I love these palm trees is what makes
them I'm trying to pick it up at the
back no this was my favorite palm tree
oh so sad I'm literally so some very
that's gotta be something we can do
oh no oh my gosh sure
it literally deteriorated from the
bottle hey let me stand over here cuz I
don't want the camera to get wet oh
sweet baby Jesus this ah we need a
professional tree pick her up really I
think that one is dead now because of it
at the root it broke at the root so now
we're gonna have to get another palm
tree and put it there we gotta say
goodbye to it I don't know what happens
when this this type of thing occurs why
this place of sad music for him this
doesn't flowered
there's some flowers around lockers okay
just you know what the sad music all
right
once a taste family member always an ace
family member right baby right no buffer
although it's actually kind of scary
because we have a lot of palm trees
around here and just imagine one of the
big ones broken through the window I was
just thinking about last night because
we have some palm trees by the window
out in our room
guys these palm trees are no joke if
these were to snap that's not good at
all
look I know I hope it doesn't what
there's got to be something we can do to
make sure that it doesn't fall I
couldn't sleep all night I was like up
so nervous like wondering if any other
palm trees would fall and that's just
like I don't know it's just stressful
it's too sad let's just go back inside
hey what's going on everybody I'm
curious to know I'm curious to know do
you guys say with us if you do come
below if you do do say it with us
yeah yeah because I've seen a lot of
comments people saying that they say
yeah all right family so today is kind
of a sad day because in a few hours we
have to take ill for her pediatrics to
check out so she's a year and a half old
so we have to take her in and talk to
the doctor and make sure that everything
is good she's all her body parts are
growing fine she's getting all her
nutrients and everything and the reason
why I say it's a sad day is because
whenever we go to the doctor's office it
doesn't matter what it's for they'll
always cry she doesn't like to be used
to not cry but she was really really
really tiny but now that she understands
more and she doesn't really like people
like strangers that she doesn't know
don't like touch her and stuff so she'll
start crying obviously it's normal for
every baby and I honestly think she has
flashbacks from the shots that she got
and she's smart to know that that place
isn't fun so hopefully she doesn't cry
hopefully she just gets through it but
like we said L does not like being at
the doctor's office at all so of course
gonna take you guys with us so let's go
and wish L the best of luck all right
family we are now here
at the doctor's we're about to get ready
to walk in and elves already not happy
she knows where we are humble bet so
guys the reason why we're wearing masks
because there's a flu going around so we
just want to stay safe in the hospital
my turn
it was crazy as I'll actually likes hers
she's taking her hostage
I feel apart of the ace family gang yeah
I put up a you put up the seat you put
up the heat okay you okay baby yeah
Laerdal yes all right guys I was doing
well so far her hasn't cried yet you
okay baby
whoa Tom ah mom
follow Matt's life for a weight in
temperature okay okay oh you're doing so
good you haven't cried yet you big girl
you're bigger now yeah so al has an ear
infection and thank God caught early so
we're gonna take some antibiotics and
hopefully in ten days she should be all
better
all right family so today was a success
l came to the doctors she accomplished
her worst fear which is being at the
doctor she did not cry all day today and
I'm proud of her I am very proud of this
beautiful princess right here did I get
any shots today she's sick true so so
the next step is going to get her
medicine and that's where we're headed
right now oh you love your mommy you
give mommy too much love can't let her
kiss I cannot get to
girl see you fashion God over here I see
with the rain boots you papi how are you
feeling
guys we just got back home my baby just
got it eating now she's gonna take her
medicine right hey that looks terrible
good girl
you need the medicine to feel better
carrot juice yay
and you drinking some carrot juice high
five you a big girl proud of you
you're gonna feel better soon okay yeah
okay I love you all right family so we
ran into here today was a long day come
to find out L had a little cold
she has an ear infection kind of
starting to have an ear infection so she
has antibiotics to take for ten days
twice a day so hopefully it goes away a
lot sooner but we're just gonna do all
the 10 days just in case they're
thinking it came from our trip so oh
thank you baby thank you okay you want
dad to try some okay try some after
we're done okay so before we close out
today's video we do have to give our
pulse no vacation shoutout to whomever
and today's postal vacation shout out
goes to Savannah Blair so shout out to
you Savannah sell it to you girl thank
you so much for having our Polson
vacations turned on whoever else like a
pole Syndication shout out all you got
to do is subscribe to the a family turn
on our post on vacations and comment win
and obviously if you liked today's video
you gotta give it thumbs up give it a
thumbs up for my princess to get better
right finally sleep true you're gonna
feel better soon yeah I love you so much
oh ho you love long me
yeah you give so much love so like
comment share and subscribe and like me
and my beautiful family always say we'll
be back from our videos peace
