hi bro hold the floor down for us all
right bro I got the best guy in town
watching our house appreciate you bro
hey Stanley I feel like a real dad right
now I got so much luggage and all look
at my baby she's so tired
Febby you ready to go on a trip huh you
ready
yeah we're leaving say bye to everybody
say bye bye LA we'll be back soon so for
those who haven't seen yesterday's video
we are on our way to surprise one of our
ace family members we can't tell you
their name where we're going just yet
hey welcome back guys what's going on
everybody so has anybody guess where we
are yet we have finally made it to a
sale you guys do not understand we had
the longest 24 hours Katherine I haven't
slept since our get away true
not to mention traveling with the little
one is difficult you really don't get no
sleep we didn't get no sleep huh we
didn't get no sleep huh yeah so we
literally just got a room to take a
quick nap to have enough energy to
accomplish what we came out here for so
we're minutes away from surprising one
of our ace family members and making one
of her dreams come true but before we do
this huge surprise we want to introduce
you guys to her so here's a video that
we came across which made us want to
know more about her story we're all the
clean why do you watch him so much what
was it that you told me this morning
about them what is it that they make you
feel like honey there's this family you
could have the worst day in your life
and the minute you watch in your day
lightens up they bring joy to this world
and I am so glad that they're here
because they are so funny like this
morning I was cracking up that video
right there literally brought me to
tears this lets us know that we're doing
our job and inspiring people only
inspiring but also affecting their lives
so yes so we saw the video we were super
super emotional and honestly I like
start crying and I wanted to know more
about her I wanted to see who she was
and so we looked into it and we found
out that she was in Orlando so
originally we had asked her mom if they
could actually fly to us but due to her
health conditions we didn't want to put
her in that situation so we actually
decided to fly to her and now that's how
we ended up here so are you guys just at
excited as we are to surprise her if you
are just as excited give this video a
thumbs up right now so the plan is to go
over to her house right now somehow get
her mom to come outside without ariana
knowing and from there we're gonna give
her mom directions on what to do so are
you all ready to make Ariana's dream
come true let's do it you ready to go me
Ariana okay good one let's go mmm it's a
little cold out here so you have to wear
it okay you ready to go hey Stanley we
just arrived at her house we're parked
around the corner we're about to call
her mom to come outside and give her
directions on what to do oh please tell
me she has no idea she has no idea she's
actually I'm she's not feeling too well
right now she's laying down on the couch
and but she has no idea they thought we
were gonna go shopping today and as a
matter of fact one of her best friends
she also actually have a flat field she
came over to this and her just out of
nowhere and I was like what sure come
over so I be trying like plan this whole
day out of like oh yeah that's what
we're doing I was gonna actually email
you donate they should just got leased
again from the hospital new years okay
so this is about to go down
all right family we have Ariana's mom
here and we're going to make Ariana's
dream come true right now so this was
about to go down I'm gonna give you one
of our cameras okay so you're gonna take
this camera inside obviously she's gonna
see what this and be asking questions
like what are you doing where'd you get
it right just kind of ignore and just
turn it on and start recording her yeah
and kind of like you did with the video
somebody saw that video and they
okay okay and and from there just keep
the can't keep the cameras rolling and
from there we're gonna have conversation
we're gonna have conversation with her
okay and then we're gonna say hey what
are you doing today well you have
planned we want to come and surprise you
at your home obviously he's not gonna
think we're already here she's gonna
think you know me you're gonna think
we're joking around so then from there
and we're gonna knock on the door and
then she'll probably go to the door
right and once you open the door you can
turn the camera off because our camera
will be wrong okay
just wing it just just put the camera on
her and press the red button all right
perfect funny because she wants four
three kings that's what she's been
asking for yes and that was one of the
things that I was gonna take her
shopping for so she's gonna think like
when did you get this yeah don't be like
I'll call at what do you think like 10
minutes to 2:35 or what about you call
us you want to call us is that better
yeah I'll give you guys the call oh yeah
anyway you got it yeah I'll give you a
call then once she starts going through
the hole all right family now we're just
waiting on Simon's call
she should be calling us any minute hi I
wonder who like how are you I was gonna
feel the best part of this sheet has no
clue
our mom kept it so long I feel like
she's gonna think it's a prank
Elle you ready you talking the bass
family I have a question for you do you
um do you remember the time that you
guys were in a hospital always you were
explaining to Nani about what you were
watching a lot and who are you talking
about okay
they still like me
you make your daily video inspiring okay
and what was that one wish that you made
that day to meet them
so somebody you know that I posted that
video on Twitter right well somebody saw
it and they actually reached out and
they would like to speak with you so
wait a minute okay I'm doing good right
now my house no I don't go to school
till next on Monday can you reach she
start right now
ok thanks guys bye let's go
of course she's right now bro when you
when you're stuck
oh my word
I need you to go in the door
outlets today and then yesterday a bit
cold all over bowling and my house I we
got home I got a o'clock at night and
I'm like our lady in my daughter she's
like so yeah right I'm not really that
you started dealing with her as a family
friend
um ensure the after I started getting
comfortable with all of this and knowing
a little bit more about it my daughter
started suffering from it out of nowhere
one day and
doing this for like almost five years
you're so strong
so before we came over here we kind of
gave him a little rundown of your story
but we didn't exactly tell them what
exactly you have so would you like to
tell them as you that
so she suffers from seizures seizures is
such a broad and health issue
there's the epilepsy side of it which is
where it's actually neurologically and
then there's the side where she's at
right now that it's they're not able to
determine why she's having these
seizures so it's almost okay you have
seizures but why yeah I'm always random
it's always written it's very very
random with her she was able to get
diagnosed with it and she's under the
medications are Betty you know that
although she's still have you know
because I just heard that they left for
New York over Christmas break and she
just had two of them three of them and
that's under medication she's not taking
any medications I was up right now
because they haven't been able to
pinpoint exactly where they're coming
from and that's the most difficult part
of this whole thing because we don't
know how we're gonna be treating her or
anything like that how long does it last
it depends yeah I've had really long
ones and never had my
because sometimes it varies control and
they don't remember anything after they
wake up they have no idea what just
happened
Jesus bank-owned stressful oh my god I
even know like I I didn't even imagine
going through that it's it's definitely
hard it's definitely hard at the
beginning even though I was used to
seeing huh it's totally different when
it started happening to my own child
so our manager told us that you
mentioned you had a friend that passed
away yeah so grace a beautiful beautiful
soul she she had epilepsy and she was
diagnosed this past spring and during
there's an incident where she returned
from an athletic event and she was in
the shower and she was a junior sink
shower and when you have a Pepsi you
don't know when your seizures were going
to come yeah and um our moms have to sit
with us while running shower or as a
checkup
that's every once in a while and Grace's
mom was doing just what she was taught
to do it was checking up on butter and
she checked on her daughter this one
time um grace was shaving her legs and
she ended up having a seizure and so she
fell and she like clogged the drain and
she's great passed away and
it's only 14 years old and um it just
it's really close to us because we have
that like that could have been us to the
next day or the day before a family
we're gonna have them explain exactly
what you do when someone has epilepsy or
a seizure in front of you okay so it
really depends on the or that you get my
aura is I get this you know this face
and my face starts do you know like my
body starts to shut down
so basically what I do is I grab
whoever's next to me usually plan
onwards my boyfriend any literally
anybody and I tell them to roll me on my
side it's a really matter which side but
I preferred this side the most and to
either have me on their lap or a pillow
there as long as my head is not on the
floor because since I do shake and if I
hit my head that's gonna cause damage
and that's not good so just lay them on
either side it doesn't matter and then
hands like I said hands pillow whatever
it is something that's comfy to hold
their head and then you just let them be
and like she said tiny much their head
you just make sure the watch their head
most importantly so it doesn't I mean
yeah and then my head it's less than
three minutes yes because it was more
than three minutes and obviously caught
item long which just happened to me yes
so yeah that's really amazing
here's their mom which is what we have
and then there's silent seizures so it's
like Catherine like you you can be
sitting right there having a seizure
right now and not just convulsing and
not doing anything you can be just
staring right everyone having a seizure
I mean it was almost scary it really is
and that's when you really need to know
that person and granted that person
might already be diagnosed with epilepsy
and right already know so they might
have someone with them at all times
knowing they're like kind of symptoms
and stuff like that alright guys so we
have one of our eighteen members here
right now and I just want to say thank
you so much for being brave enough to be
on our Channel and to spread your
condition you know and to bring
awareness to everything that truly means
a lot to us and we couldn't be more
thankful for that on top of you being a
part of a family
for that as well.you so unexpected
yes okay so I'm gonna be honest honest
at first like I saw you guys reach me
dating I was actually really happy
because I was like there's so many
people and you guys have formula which
congrats oh thank you no it was like
they're not gonna retweet it and that's
I've always had that like point of view
of like things people are not gonna see
what I see but I still do just to do it
and then like my mom start jumping up
and down she said and I saw it I was
like oh my god not like to be on it I
thought you guys I forgot about me
because of that and I was the most
keeping a secret so that's that she
would tell me that like I was like uh-uh
she already didn't tell me for amazing
thing there okay so we heard that the
g7x
is something that you want huh the
camera do you know about the camera no
you don't know about the camera no
really you don't want a camera you know
I do but I like he hasn't heard of it
before playing this right here this Ally
will leave in the g7x yeah so if you
were to get it what would you use it for
really not make videos yeah I need to
purpose you should try and try you you
should when you go to Disney with your
boyfriend on Sunday you should record
your day there you sure I was thinking
about it first long did you think so
what I think we should do right now is
we're gonna close off this video
together and we're going to go to Best
Buy and get you the camera
sadly because a witness's we're gonna be
here the camera and she gonna start
blogging where her boyfriend what is it
that you want to know your champ your
actual channel oh oh yeah I have always
liked vlogging has been like a number
one thing um I guess seem like I have
watched like beauty cruisers and stuff
like that that's why we I wanted to do
makeup to do stuff like that those are
like so really two big main things were
wanting to do after we get to the camera
we can all go out to eat and just enjoy
our time here is recording okay Ariana's
boyfriend is accent by the way no yeah
it's been a struggle to have that
Spanish actually yeah I mean kinda makes
me mad when my teachers can say isn't
like ya know it's like it's a beautiful
name I love it sorry to put you off oh
yes yes so her boyfriend is super
amazing and I just want to introduce he
reminds me of myself you don't yet so he
has literally been in the hospital with
her throughout everything I want you
guys because yes and from what we heard
the last time she was in the hospital he
slept on the floor with her he slept on
the floor she was in the bedroom and he
knows everything about her he knows her
breathing patterns like if he's all
FaceTime with her and her breathing is a
little different he'll let her mom know
and he's such a big help so I just
wanted to make sure I appreciate don't
mind everybody so thank you all for
tuning in as always before we close out
today's video we do want to give our
pulse invocation shout out to this
beautiful woman ever else like a
falsification shout out all you do is
subscribe to today's family turn on our
post invitations and comment when done
obviously if you liked this video you've
got to give it thumbs up the like
comment so like likes your coming
so like it's a lightning you know how to
close it up so like comment
I mean share and subscribe and like me
and my beautiful family always say we'll
be back with more videos so like comment
share and subscribe and like me and my
beautiful family always say we'll be
back with more views
