someone's over solo things don't exist
in real life these days
doing fabulous thank you can I please
order breakfast to the room just to can
I please get your Eggs Benedict and I
also get your breakfast burrito cannot
also get a side of your breakfast
potatoes that's also both the better
belt and cakes as well thank you
and can we also have two orange juices
as well so we will be expecting you in
an hour less than now perfect me and my
wife have massages at 11:30 so just
making sure that it comes before then
thank you so much
best I'm gonna get ready breakfast will
be here in an hour
hope the food's here
yes you can do you help right by the bed
is perfect thank you so much he looks
mighty delicious already I can't even
see it yet fabulous thank you yes you
can just push it in there right next to
my beautiful wife in there thank you so
much cakes with syrup and butter okay
thank you right here we have the burrito
with the welcome all the sour cream and
pico de gallo on this side thank you
here you have your oh wow orange juices
and some blueberries jelly and butter on
the side for you perfect thank you so
much my pleasure all right here you go
my love thank you am i eating on the bed
um well it is called breakfast in bed so
relax I can always usually tell the
taste of the food by their drinks so
let's see how the orange juice is
usually if the orange juice is delicious
and the food will be delicious orange
juice isn't bad now let's try the food
so the food was decent it was decent
we're not picky with food guys I
literally anything as you guys know I am
simple-minded when it comes to food I
like my plain as hell Oh our
massages we got a bill guys but before
we go I do want to show you guys abuses
we need get to show you guys yesterday
it's kind of foggy right now so I can't
really see how nice it really is
but I do have a clip from last night so
I'll play it for y'all
soon as the smoke clears I was one side
that's what everybody says where
everybody limitations but I don't mind
so as you can see the view is much nicer
last night and it's funny because
Catherine I had a conversation about the
ocean how her and I are scared of the
ocean it's just a scary place and we
were talking about how we don't think we
could ever live by the water we rather
live up in the hills like we do now just
seems much safer right I rather have
like mountain lions and stuff by the
house rather than like sharks and the
water coming over the house and just a
tsunami just taken it away I don't know
I'm we were like that so comment below
if you guys feel the same way
baby you ready go yeah all right guys
I'm gonna take you along to our massage
come on honey we're late just look how
beautiful the scenery is fall straight
keep going straight
maybe
oh my baby I love you I'll see you in a
little bit all right guys so now I am in
the men's locker room preparing to get
ready for my massage here they have a
beautiful soft roll for me that I'm
about to put on and boom it's all I'm
not sure if I'm supposed to be naked
underneath this robe but yeah I don't
need to know so as you can see I'm ready
for my massage before we get a massage
I'm gonna give you guys a little tour of
this place kind of excellent mm-hmm a
little vino sandals mmm-hmm no Lowell
bathroom mmm a little shave station
mm-hmm mmm got the little Rolly towels
yeah mm-hmm okay what else the guy that
got the q-tips you need toes yeah 30
years no one out what else they got here
they got the body wash they do got the
mouthwash they got it all they got a
little bit of scenery mm-hmm
get that load next to the ocean bye yes
what else do they have here
oh they got free shavers might have to
take me one to go Oh nan blame they even
got toothbrushes man so small slash
dinners office okay we got a silver
trash can that's not what they got in
here these little stalls are okay okay
Oh tau station nice I like the vibes in
here real Demi mmm-hmm what is this
sparkling water
mmm but is it fresh though we bout to
find out real quick and inspiration they
even got the time for you and what is
this oh it's some fancy I skew the
racks oh this one fancy we got the
showers mmm
just in case you stinky you need a hop
in one of these I like I like oh I got
the spa they got this ball and II got a
sauna
oh and they got a steamer oh this is
nice this is nice this is nice okay a
little fire pit the vibes are nice what
they got in here this is the waiting
room this is the waiting room I'm
assuming they grab you when your time is
ready I think we got about 10 more
minutes so do not tell me oh no do not
tell me they got the snacks on dick oh
 I got fresh apples god I haven't
got it they got peanuts yes peanuts are
good I must tell you this place is
really nice got me even more excited for
the massage so now I am back in the
waiting room waiting to be back with my
bed they don't like being away from her
don't like being separated but we have
to do for a couple more minutes so I'm
back on my bed this is where we'll be
getting our massages in here with the
view Wow baby that looks so nice
beautiful just beautiful
a view like this with the massage
doesn't get any better
damn you already naked God all right we
got an Iceman we got to go we got to go
see back a few eggs family
I just received by far the best massage
I've ever had you know is good when you
fall asleep and you drool so we arrived
come to find out captain booked me a guy
masseuse and he was magical
I mean his hands something about his
hands God had blessed him with these
muffin sized hands I sort of God it felt
so good like it was almost unhealthy he
was like too bad you didn't exactly like
some about his hands and it was crazy
cuz I feel like he was overqualified for
his job like I felt like he should be
doing a healing of the body or something
like that's how good it was yeah like
working for professional athletes
because you guys know I was an athlete
once and all athletes need him telling
you right now
he was Wow right now we're in a rush get
back to the room to talk to you guys
about something that's very important to
us that we don't want all of youse to
know so we're headed there right now we
also got a pack and hurry back to the
house because we got some plans all
right Stanley so we just walked in the
door from getting some amazing the best
massage so before we pack and rush to
head home we want to share something
with all of you so while we were here
and as you guys know we've literally
only been here for one day we're already
leaving we decided to make an unexpected
trip to go somewhere for a couple of
days so we recently found out that one
of our eight family members has some
health conditions and they've been in
and out of hospitals for quite some time
now they come to find out one of her
dreams is to meet us face family and
we're very humbled to hear that because
there's so many other people in the
world that they could want to meet but
we decided to take matters in our own
hands and take a trip down to their City
and Surprise them
their home so we'd love to speak on
their behalf and talk about their health
conditions but we don't really know
enough about it and to be honest we kind
of just want to go there and Surprise
them so they have no idea that we're
coming at all and then another reason
why we don't want to talk about is
because we'd rather them explain to you
guys exactly what they have and bring an
awareness to their condition only if
they want only they want to obviously we
literally have to pack right now rush
home we have like a couple hour drive
like an hour-and-a-half drive get there
pack our stuff pack else stuff get the
boys ready and go to the airport so
we're taking a red-eye tonight we'll
land there tomorrow morning and we'll be
surprising them tomorrow during the day
so literally like a dream of ours to
make someone else's dream come true and
the only person I knows about this is
their mom they've been talking back and
forth with our manager to get everything
squared away so this person has no idea
it's a complete surprise and we can't
wait to Surprise them
it was so sad to hear that one of our
family members is going through what
they're going through and obviously
there's so many people around the world
that are also going through so many
different health issues and so many
different things that we felt like why
not go visit them like why not go fly to
them visit them Surprise them make them
happy and hopefully uplift them and help
them with whatever they're going through
obviously this person can't come to us
so we're gonna make sure that we make a
point to go to them and as you all know
our main goal in life is to inspire help
others and try to make the world a
better place so going to surprise this
person someone who's a part of the ACE
family is the least we can do and this
isn't the first and last time we're
doing this we're gonna be doing this
many and many of other times as long as
we still have the platform that we have
we are always going to surprise that is
family members and we've done it in the
past and we'll continue to do it so the
next move is we have to pack and get on
the road let's go
guys we were back in the car and we are
back on the road and I don't know about
you but I'm excited to see my baby
me too it's a waiting miss you're
looking at pictures of her we shall see
you guys back at the house in about two
hours but we gotta pack your stuff we
got a plane to catch of yours come on
bro hurry up oh yes I know bro I'm
excited
come on let's go pack for you let's go I
don't know worthy yeah come on hurry up
Tony pack - hey family we have made it
home and we are back to package who is
that what who is that say boo boo
so - eh Naomi so there is family Shawn
oh my goodness baby you look like boo oh
oh the hair put it on go ahead put it on
there you got it good job good job I
missed you did you miss us
yeah okay baby you gotta pack your bag
about to leave what's gonna trip all
right ace family
baby you're here nobody look at my
babies here it's a little crazy right
now we're gonna go ahead and in the
video right here at the Russian pack and
head to the airport or flight leaves in
a few hours and tomorrow is going to be
an amazing day all I gotta say is you
guys got to stay tuned for tomorrow
thank you all for tuning in as always
before we close out our video we do have
to give our pulse to invocation shout
out to whomever let me look at my fall
in today's pulse invocation shadow goes
to Alexa sprinkle child to you girl
thank you so much for being part of a
family you know we love you maybe while
you leave that dad I miss you guys I'll
just left so obviously if you liked
today's video you've got to give it
thumbs up like comment share and
subscribe and like me and my beautiful
family who's not here with me at the
moment because they're busy packing
always say we'll be back with more
videos peace
