hey what's going on everybody so before
we continue with today's video all I
gotta say is if you are not a part of
the ACE family make sure you hit that
subscribe button right now so today is
such an exciting day does anyone know
why one being that it's the first day of
2018 and till we hit four million ace
family members we roll the clip oh shit
it's happening hey Stanley we just got
home from eating Shake Shack everybody
is tired and tummy hurts everybody's
laying down it's late right now but you
know we can't go to sleep until we hit
that 4 million ace family members but
it's happening guys is happening so fast
we hit three million eight family
members only two was the two months ago
two months ago to a half two and a half
months ago four million look billion
push it up push it numbers up push it up
we need everybody to get on the computer
get on your phone and subscribe get your
granny's get your dogs get your fishes
get your teachers get your auntie
get your snacks I can get your dreams
get everybody subscribe right now well
what do you think about this the hell
are you doing pull your pants up honey
what are you doing no no you cannot you
cannot begin naked right now we gonna
hit for millions oh shit
can I get naked right now we want it for
millions actually remember honey
no you don't she's trying to get naked
she knows about here 4 million so go
ahead and get naked honey we got the
gang in the house here we go guys
seto give me high-five we're doing it we
said we're gonna be consistent we said
we're gonna do it we hit all of our
goals for 2017 I really did the only
goal that we didn't hate was me getting
my driver's license 2018
you know our goals for 2018 okay
say I can't wait to share our goals with
a family we write it on a vision board
so we want to share with you guys it's
only the beginning so what you just saw
that was a clip of us hitting four
million subscribers literally at
midnight
I'm midnight it was technically
yesterday but not really because there's
a couple minutes before midnight we had
just gone home we literally had spent
the entire afternoon out we were home
and it was around 10:00 11:00 and we
literally hit it right before midnight
just moments before when I knew guys
were tweeting everyone has a subscribe
to hit that subscribe button and we
finally hit it so we were so excited
without that on footage so that was what
you guys saw but today we are doing
something we have been planning for
months literally for months we were
wanting to do this so we're super
excited to show you guys and bring you
guys along with us and what are the odds
that we hit four million ace family
members the last day of 2017 that just
goes to show you that 2018 is gonna be a
bang all right as family said well we
have plans today they should be here any
minute
we keep looking outside of
we don't want to miss so this is
something we had to literally
strategically plan it's a production to
do this so this is not something you can
do overnight we've been planning this
for months now and today is finally the
day it just makes sense to do this on
the new year and if you live in the LA
area I suggest you walk outside because
you're about to see something that you
all are a part of so we're gonna be
honest we did not expect to hit four
million ace family members so soon which
kind of through our filming schedule off
just a little bit as you guys know we
did not post a video yesterday because
we had something planned for today about
to go down if you guys follow me on
Twitter you guys know that I tweeted
something about what we had planned for
today and yes I did say Catherine and I
rented a few planes so it must be dope
so I'm not sure if you guys know this
but as a youtuber it's really hard to
plan a milestone because you never
really know when it's gonna hit that
next million so for us we you know we've
been wanting to do something special
since we hit three million last time and
unfortunately back then we still
couldn't do it so this time we wanted to
plan accordingly plan ahead not only for
us but for you guys as well this is an
appreciation for entire family not just
us before our support system as well so
as family members if you guys have been
following us for a while now you know
that every milestone we hit we're
literally just in the house together
nobly celebrating together literally as
long as it's just us three together
celebrating celebrating together we're
the happiest people in the world so just
in case you guys are new to the A's
family and you didn't get to see our
previous milestones we're gonna play
some clips for you guys we hit 1 million
we hit 2 million we hit 3 million and
now we're hitting 4 million so if you
missed it roll the clip
the guy's got a hurry home million
subscribers
1 million ace family members there look
everybody's everybody's twitted into
your show baby look look oh my god baby
you're not baby we gotta get up about to
hit two million eight family members
let's get ready come on baby let's get
up we had to wake up so fast this
morning to catch the countdown as you
can see she's having a crazy hair day
Oh going up quick so this is consider
our turnip right now with you guys
watching it countdown
oh my god we did it family day but Seto
come here besito but he don't people
everyone please subscribe to the 8th
family thank you guys today's a big day
know why because we are about to hit
three million eight family members whoa
and my baby is looking so much older
baby I say everyone subscribes to a
family saying yeah good okay we have to
go out right now and get everyone in the
world to subscribe to the ACE family
are you ready you ready let's go
everyone please subscribe to the a
family thank you everyone I mean
everyone please subscribe to the a
family
thank you sir please put your coke down
and subscribe today's family L Bebek go
go see if she subscribes an ace family
go see go see thank you alright so we
just got home and we are so close
we're four thousand and five hundred
people away from 3 million subscribers
as you can see L had AG arrow near to
get a better view here we go guys
damn ace family looking back at those
clips we have come a long way and quick
to like and in all seriousness we cannot
thank you all enough for all eleven
support that you show us because
obviously we would not be where we are
today without all of you obviously
appreciate all of your congratulations
but in reality you all should be
graduating yourselves because this was a
team this is a family effort and we
appreciate every single person who tells
your co-workers your family your friends
your teachers your anyone that you guys
tell to subscribe to our channel we
appreciate you guys so much you guys
have no idea how much that means to us
so thank you thank you thank you so much
it literally amazes me and how strong
the ACE family really is guys we are
like an army we never say anything but
just know we know we're strong over here
and just know we're gonna continue to
grow stronger and bigger than ever a
family this is only the beginning only
the beginning 2018
buzz I have another baby soon we want to
have our wedding sure guys I'm not we
trying over here we got a lot of things
going down 2018 that's all I gotta say
it's about to be late what we really
have going on well we really got going
alright alright then we don't wanna give
away too much let's just enjoy today
makes you keep watching this video could
be they should be here any minute
amazing amazing 2018 we're here with you
we're here to support you we're here to
be with you yes so thank you so much for
making us part of your routine making us
part of your life like we really really
appreciate that you guys will never know
like there's only so much we can say
exactly
oh yeah like we said makes you keep
watching because they should be here any
minute
is that is that damn I think I'm doing a
helicopters
I hear blade somewhere where they at
what is that is that it what is that Oh
guys thank you ace plane going slow sale
thank you thank you ace family come on
baby hurry mama look at that oh look at
that look at that do you see do you see
do you see
you feel like stop it
first there I can see I'm sorry
damn that do we really could do that
crazy okay
so for those who don't realize what just
happened Katherine and I rented a few
planes in the LA area to go around the
city and type out in the sky Thank You
AIDS family we did it for million
subscribers so obviously they did one
right over our house I think we had
three or four other ones one went over
the Rose Bowl another one went over
Disney and literally we're all over the
LA area and we noticed you guys were
hitting this up tweeting us at the same
time it was going on so it was a success
that we did it I love you for million
that may just be a number to you guys
but for us it means so much more a
family we put in a lot of hard work you
guys may not notice off camera but we
grind in over here and again just know
we got big big big big big big big plans
for 2018 so if you win us then you win
it but if you not win us and you scale
win it
so for those who love us we love you and
for those who hate us we still love you
thank you all for tuning in as always
before we close out our video we do have
to give our post notifications shout out
to whomever
so today's shout out goes to Stephane
and Christina from skytypers so she'll
see you guys those were the people who
made all of this come together today so
she'll see you guys thank you so much
and that's not the only shout out for
today
you know we got to give a big shout out
to the ACE family today because without
you guys none of this would be possible
shout out to all of our ace family
members thank you once again whoever
else like a post notification shout-out
you all should already know what to do
subscribe today's family turn on our
post notifications and comment when done
and obviously you've got to give this
video a thumbs up today you've got to
you really a part of a family give this
video a thumbs up right now so like
comment share and subscribe it like me
and my beautiful family always say be
back with more videos please
