ace family Ella's upset this morning
because we can't find her mini iPad home
baby where is it ad ah do you know where
it is man not bad you just got that we
still can't find it
it sit in the bed put it it's behind the
mirror nope
is it on the balcony nope
in the closet
nope is it in the bathroom
nope baby where is it by the way
hey hey Lu all right let's finding your
closet do you know you know you know
where you put it no oh okay okay go
ahead it's down here it's definitely not
her closet guys you know you part you
put it where is it oh is it underneath
all your stuffed animals
is it your tit no okay where is it sure
dad that where it is what what
you found it good job
Wow baby you happy
ell you happy now oh I love you and we
hold this for you
you know what the case do you want the
case or no no okay you looking so big in
that outfit what no way you're going
away too fast how do you what Hayes
family l is obsessed with this little
princess come on shut the blinds shut
the blinds shut him so no one can see us
shuttle there we go
good you down to do a 24-hour challenge
in here let us do it tonight oh it's
nice in here you got the windows mm-hmm
got the roof mm-hmm the ceiling you got
more windows mm-hmm
you got the front door and you got a
view that has nice a family as you can
see I tried my best to get L ready this
morning kathan went to go get her hair
done she should be back any minute and
supposedly she got a new hairstyle
because she was the most beautiful woman
in the world with her hair the way it
was and now getting a hair makeover and
having a new hairstyle she might
break the world so she should be back
any minute baby are you excited to see
mama me too she got a new hairstyle
almost beautiful yeah want to go on the
swings until mommy gets home yeah all
right guys I'm so excited - Kath let's
do hairstyle I wonder if she cut it
imagine she cut it like I cut it short
she's gonna tell me that she's been
wanting to cut it short for a while but
she's a little scared to do that I'm
thinking I'm thinking she just got
styled up and changed the color a little
bit that's not thinking we should find
out very soon hold on hold on
you hold on you can't you gotta put your
ipod down so you have two hands
it won't that'll hold this no okay so
you gonna do one hand one hand shawty
yeah we are you so beautiful huh are you
beautiful yes oh you excited to see
mommy yeah you love mommy mama you love
to ace family - yes a ace family where
is mommy where is mommy we don't know we
don't know she should be here any minute
she should be here any minute with her
new hair with her new hair mommy's here
look hurry I want to see your new hair
all right let's go see mommy hurry wait
where's your iPod oh you got it here's
mama why she parking right there
okay do come on the Clark damn look at
you got that new shoes so do you like it
can you tell what the difference is turn
around a little bit
damn I love the color it's a little
lighter and it was cut a little bit look
trim yes it was
there was no trim not one trim you had a
little little twirl - Lee yeah I see you
sure you have a little trim looking a
little shorter just cuz it's twirled
yeah they asked a little mini
montage real quick no music mm-hmm
that's nice mommies to touch mommy's
here that's mommy's hair doing all
afternoon you like mommy's hair stuff so
to turn around you like smell it smell
good so for those who are wondering who
did my hair and my hair was done by my
friends and just do my hair I'm gonna
put her out in the description she's
been doing my hair since I was born
so yeah show her some love and let her
know that I said yeah that should look
nice I ain't gonna lie to you Oh give it
a little like come back this light look
good yeah do a low do a little run to
the gates I can see a bounce a little
bit the little ride damn girl are you
sure you only want to get your hair done
huh a long time for like uh-huh see
goddamn guys yeah
the last looking extra good today yeah
what you making me feel my own self I
don't give a about food right now
oh damn turn the cameras off for a
little bit we'll see y'all back in a few
you're gonna take a nap yeah no name
yeah you don't want to be with that bad
okay I'll see you guys later okay oh
it's okay let me stay here Oh see I knew
this whole time that el l√≠der McBroom
is a daddy's girl all right family so
while my little princess takes a nap
I've been wanting to see something ever
since it was built so directly across
from our house there's this house being
built I'm not sure if you guys can see
it see if I can zoom in for you guys but
that house right there up on that hill
yeah I'll actually see somebody I've
actually been wanting to see what that
house looks like up close so I said we
go check it out we actually have to ride
up on that hill right there see that
big-ass hill so you go up on that hill
go all the way down and boom right there
all right we got to go check it out we
got to go check it out
oh hell y'all see what I see oh yeah get
this view well oh wait wait that's the
house right there that's the house we're
almost there
yo that house looks the biggest hell
it's abandoned boat oh this is creepy we
got to get on come on Romeo
guys we made it I'm not sure if we're
allowed to go on the property right now
but uh I'm a savage hey family what do
you guys think I should do I gotta see
this house was gone all right guys so I
see workers over here but I'm gonna just
act like I bought the place come on Oh
Oh retweet retweet guys really sorry
guys the camera died as I was fleeting
the scene but now I'm back here with my
family so I pulled up and some dude came
out I just took off running I got scared
pretty much happy again you try to turn
it up you gotta turn it up how do you
know how to turn it off five girls come
close on the video with dad dad come on
side without the video come on come on
today is such a beautiful day such a
boring vlog today today was not boring
hey family if you didn't think today was
boring give this video a thumbs up right
now No so even if today's video was
boring thank you all for tuning in as
always before we close out today's video
we do have to give our poll some
education shout out to who live it
today's posted vacation shout-out goes
to Jackie pest Tora
it's a shouts you girl whoever else like
a pole sonication shout out all you got
to do is subscribe to the A's family
turn on our post notifications and
comment when done and obviously if you
liked today's video give it a thumbs up
like comment share and subscribe and
like me and my beautiful princess and my
beautiful point always say be back more
video peace
