someone told me never saw
these don't exist in real life these
days but you showed me if I
just find the fit I need to believe
bro-bro else feeling better bro i bro
else feeling better
why is everybody sleeping this house Ike
are you awake
hey buddy you up were you at Ike Ike
last everyone sleep well I just wanted
to tell you that L feels better hey guys
am I the only one who cares that L is
better yeah
what's going on girl what what is that
burger guys doing last night what is
this what what you guys can do this did
you see your yard like literally someone
like trash you're lying I'm so serious
and I promise I didn't do that oh what
the fuck
wait wait wait wait wait yeah
hold up a family wait what
Oh bad bad come here hurry up look
babban come here look at this shit what
dog who the hell did is the plastic bag
and go wake the boys up go wake the boys
train right Trey Trey and Ryan wouldn't
do this
who's that
there what oh no we're gonna wake them
up we're gonna wake them up right now
bro wake up bro bro are you guys messing
around last night bro go check the front
yard for a dead-ass broke frou-frou
that's not funny while you playin bro
were you Ryan doing last night bro check
the front yard
someone TP our shit bro come here was it
them ain't no for real bros don't do
this shit what's going on bros we gotta
figure this shit out and Boyd I came as
a team that's the kind of strange that
y'all would come when this shit happens
hold up brah I'm gonna have to
investigate Shawn y'all know he got
cameras we're about to lick the cameras
in a minute all right so we know for
sure that camera spotted them for sure
that one up there for sure got something
yeah that one had to get them pull up at
least unless they parked down the street
they just hop the fence and it neighbor
didn't
it's either someone it's either it's
either someone we know that knew the
code or but nobody knows the code or
they literally trespass there's some
saying let me know as soon as I find out
who it is obviously they're just gonna
go to jail
what if someone left a message saying
how he was I don't think someone that
just left a nice card all right guys so
we need to look around the house to see
if we can find some evidence or some so
how about Katherine and I look around
you guys go check the cameras right now
I'll go check them baby come on look so
you think they hopped the fence they
knew the code
what the huh
hey hey you think it's right entry I
thought about it why would they do that
down
maybe your brother I don't know
my dad was here last night he lives too
far for this someone really might get in
trouble though like trouble trouble cuz
this is like this is straight-up just
vandalism and it's trespassing I think
the trespassing is probably the worst
part about it because that's the
scariest part this is the thing is that
like I hear everything literally this
camera first sure got something what
what what oh my god what what
so last night I actually got an alert
motion detector alert on my phone did
yeah I run like two or three in the
morning and I remember looking at it and
not thinking anything of it cuz ryan
said he was coming in I didn't get one
no I did look the hell way so they would
have got weightlessly they would have
got caught yeah of course but I didn't
think anything of it it was like 2:00 in
the morning maybe it was 3:00 in the
morning let me see well hopefully they
come back and say they saw who it was on
the cameras because one of these three
one of these for one of these four got
something big they got pretty close to
the door in the windows so usually when
someone gets close to that it starts
beeping
oh the last thing we should have to
worry about my brain is like I'm trying
to like go through everybody I know in
my head like right now ace family
Catherine I kind of been procrastinating
we're getting a security guard for the
house there's been quite a few people
who found out our address yeah
completely our fault mainly my fault
it was stupid minor editing mistake but
even we've yeah ever since we move we
just been having a lot of people come to
the house yeah and we've been meaning to
get security you know even though we
have cameras we have alarms we have the
whole nine yards but like this right
here just kind of just lets us know like
reinforces and like puts a urgency to us
now that we have we have to like say
some to you guys and we have to get
security and stuff just out of the
safety for our family you know we have a
little one we have a one-year-old
daughter and you know not not to mention
our privacy but you know out of the
safety for us and please guys do not
take this the wrong way but if you do
know where we live please don't come to
our house like this is our sanctuary
this is where we live like this is like
very like personal this is our privacy
this is our home is our sanctuary and
like I said we have a little one and
it's just scary you know when people
come to the house like you just never
know we can come outside someone could
you know we can be saying hi to one of
you guys but it could be a setup and we
can get robbed or god forbid something
worse can happen we can we can get hurt
so one of us can get hurt and that's
like the last thing we would ever want
now like especially now this is
something we've been talking about for
the past couple of weeks we're not gonna
be coming outside to say hi to anybody
because it's just dangerous you're
coming to our home you're trespassing
you know a lot of times people wait out
here for hours and hours and we're just
like we can't go outside like if it's a
setup or whatever like we love you guys
we
frickin love you guys we want like me
exactly like it people that we're here
like I will literally go out of my way a
lot of times but we just have to like
yeah put boundaries divert you know for
sure guys and I just understand that you
know like I said this is our home and
when we're outside of our home we're
somewhere else
hey we can hug we can kiss I could come
up to you
give you a hug take pictures you want
videos we make videos you guys asked for
it we give it to you exactly when it's
at our house is just a different story
like another daughter it is you haven't
even gotten blinds here and we've been
trying to get blinds for the past like
month and a half that we've been living
here yeah and I will literally not even
walk by because people will stand out
here and see us from the inside out
night time because the light when you
put the lights on in the house at
nighttime you could see you inside yeah
and I literally feel uncomfortable like
that's how bad it's urgent see to get
the blinds now and to be honest we've
been meaning to talk to you guys about
this way before this happened but we
felt like you know our family members
our subscribers there they are literally
a part of our family like they wouldn't
do anything to hurt us they're the most
positive loving people but like this
right here just reinforces that you just
we just got to be careful you never you
just never know but yeah how do you know
to say because it sucks and whoever just
didn't even do really a good job to be
honest like well they're quick they want
to be quick-witted they heard a little
noise once you get close to the alarm
yeah they're probably go let's do this
really quick and then jumped over the
fence and left but thank God that this
is all that they did and nothing worse
it has to be somebody we know yeah it
has to be it has to be because there's
no way like some always not one to work
they could get caught know somebody
somebody we know wouldn't mind getting
caught I'm saying cuz this is like
really really like there's no way
there's no way one of our eighth gang
members did this please please don't
tell me that cuz if that were to happen
then it's like it's a whole different
story
- it's like I'm not gonna let if someone
that we don't know did it I'm not gonna
let that affect my life like I'm not
gonna make that affect us thinking that
you know we have horrible people like
watching right right I'm not gonna let
that affect me like that is you're not
gonna do that - we're so happy we're
we're so blessed and grateful that we
can do what we do and to give you guys
so much of us and like I just hope that
it's not somebody that's just like
hating on us right there's nothing to
hate there's literally nothing to hate
so yeah like I said I hope you guys
don't take this message the wrong way um
just put yourself in our shoes you guys
wouldn't want constant people outside of
your home you know looking into your
home and waiting outside for you and not
to mention we are yeah and not to
mention we are literally the last house
at the end of the block so like this
right here is literally our entire
property right here so there's literally
like nothing up here for anyone oh and I
think about it what if our neighbors saw
something
yep cameras dude where they at word god
damn what are you looking at every
single angle like what are they at yo oh
you best find something I have an idea
the time that I heard the beep we just
go there like well just start clean this
shit up now oh man this is stupid I
haven't seen a TP job since third grade
even though TP still exists kind of shit
is this and it looks like by the bag
that they bought their toilet paper from
like a CVS or like a Walgreens what role
does freedom Cameron's got everything
doing who is it then
two dudes for sure two guys well they
knows two guys because they're kind of
like like to do the two big girls one
another yeah and then like you seem to
come on bro and then like they jump over
the fence we jump the fence they got
near the door and like frickin start
like I don't know when shit around bro
so who is it then so do you think that
we should ask load information cuz say
greed wait I'm confused so did you guys
see who you guys saw 1fd song no you can
see who it is bro yeah but maybe we
don't think we should just go there yeah
not to go see who was here alright
alright guys it's been a long morning I
just got done looking at the camera
footage and it's not as severe as we
thought thank the man above and it is
actually someone that we know and it is
someone that you guys probably know but
I'm not going to tell you guys who it is
just yet because I'm not sure if they
want me to tell you guys just yet that
makes sense but stay tuned for who it is
ace family I was upset until I saw this
oh my god you feel better you do oh yeah
look what yeah look look at what someone
did or how home look at what someone did
baby do you know who it was
you do you saw him who was it he just
woke yes Lee you don't know I love this
hoodie hey why did you get that decimals
before Christmas guys Catherine I went
Christmas shopping last night this is
one of the items that we got her and
she's wearing it today oh my god
literally this is the cutest like I've
ever saw her we breakfast I was gonna
clean this whole shit up baby bib it you
need to clean it up because I clean the
gingerbread house I hate you Oh baby I'm
so happy you feel better you feel better
good you still want to do you - yeah she
still wants to do you - well guys we do
have some good news today and the good
news is L lively still wants to do you
too baby Hey look look at look at the
ace family you still under you - yeah
baby I'm not mad no more I'm not mad
about the TP no more well actually I am
still mad but not as mad all right guys
so we pretty much got all the toilet
paper cleaned up
I hate when they get stuck like at the
top of the tree but I am glad that they
didn't get it on the palm trees up there
they obviously care about us a little
bit but to be honest we should have had
them clean all this shit up but
Catherine and I wanted it done ASAP so
we just did and now the house is back to
how it was did we get it all I think we
did you know who got you that new gotcha
good job cute are you hug she's hugging
you
Kylee you know damn well a lively
McBroom does not need any more toys girl
you have to do that thank you so much we
love you thank you so much we appreciate
your gift l appreciate your gift the way
you don't want to write the wars is a
little scary
oh no it definitely doesn't hold you oh
these for something for daddies no I
feel like it does so much more than just
look pretty I know right I mean what
this is like the real deal like a
high-tech horse a horse toy it's
actually really cool like look how fast
it moves when you just go like this oh
and then you use these things to like
move it forward oh you figured it out
yeah of course I figured it out I just
don't know why you can't go backwards
with it you can only go Fred's words
it's time so thank you all for tuning in
as always we've got a different agenda
for today's video but obviously we're
gonna have to do it another day
we tomorrow because things completely
changed this morning we saw the teepee
outside yes oh yeah what we had plans
today we'll get it to you guys tomorrow
so stay tuned for tomorrow's video and
also I'll stay tuned for the tepee
critters so before we close out today's
video we do have to give our pulse to
the case you shout out slash cash winner
and today's cash winner
yep
today's cash winner goes to and shut up
goes to Dianna and Garcia so shout-out
to you Diana a shot to you girl shot to
you girl thank you so much for being a
part of a family we love you now where's
my phone honey if you win if you happen
to be one of the winners this month
comment on our channel like let us know
that that's you cuz I haven't I'm gonna
see probably like two people comment but
I never see your guys's like I want to
know your guys's reaction okay now they
just take that kinda dollars are wrong I
want to see what you guys have to say
I'm like damn where are you guys gonna
dollars goes to my girl I need her email
and I forgot to mention I'm not sure if
you guys noticed this but I am wearing
me and my Queens new tea you guys like
it you gonna like it
you gotta like it you gotta love you yes
our heads our fat is hell but that's us
so yeah this shirt right here isn't up
on the website just yet but we do have
new stuff up on the website just about
every day all you got to do is go to
shop a Stan Lee comm link is always in
the description so like on cash shop
people can put pictures and I see all
their faces and it's so cute you can
actually see who they are when I
screenshot your guys's comments off
YouTube you guys don't have a thumbnail
like you don't have an actual icon
picture so I don't see what you look
like so it's kind of cool seeing what
you guys look like on Kasia
that sounds creepy but we love you guys
the way wasn't loading so much it's not
meant to be she don't get and obviously
if you liked this video you've got to
give it a thumbs up give it a thumbs up
if you want to know who tp'ed the AC on
this house so like comment share and
subscribe and like me and my beautiful
clean always safe we'll be back for more
videos see you tomorrow peace peace
peace
