someone told me never saw
these don't exist in real life these
days but you showed me if I
just find the fit I'm so happy you
feeling better
I know my lips are chapped I know thank
you for telling me I'm good now all
right I'll back up mostly I can say Z is
events angle D Jane okay Jay
uh-huh that's like Vince Inc oh thank
you d just 3mu her dead wha
d don't see don't say D because D means
like say okay so I'm saying say this
okay
so just me it's just sweet I'm Lulu I
move my zoo and Lobos and Ambrose not so
it sounds like a new house means like
I'm in love like a female like women say
that and then a man would say I'm I'm
Malou I will I think I can't do that you
do are you still sick okay the shittim
Zika does it tell anything you're an
Espanola not Espanola
it's been no no no espanol Hispaniola
yeah that's good your tango you think oh
maybe Cinco a√±os what is it no your
tango the music granules say your tango
your tango baby Cinco reading a news
I knew onions yeah so now 1 through 10
in Spanish what it says parish dress
funny tres Quatro Quatro Quatro Quatro
Quatro Quatro Quatro this face seis
siete Ocho Nueve yes yeah ok baby
mommy's teaching me languages 1 through
10 in French
okay Jack
cut the sync cease set wheat no yes now
in Arabic okay say Marhaba Marhaba
Marhaba Marhaba Marhaba Marhaba
okay waited waited yeah I mean egg Nina
talika Caleta I'm bar like see you later
yeah our ba-ba-ba-ba-ba hamsa hamsa
hamsa handsome hamsa hamsa Stata Center
Sabbagh sabha come on yeah come on yeah
come on yeah come on now come on yeah
come on up this ah pizza
I shouldn't oxford good wide evening
talika Alba hamsa SATA Sabha Dominion
DISA I shall await the listener widening
the letter R Bar hamsa say this about
the money Pisa Ashley yeah another
reason why I married you and by the way
guys that is the Egyptian dialect it's
not the regular Arabic language what
else
Oh Italian
ooh no no the way do a three three
cuatro Kuato
Cinque Cinque say say 3000 don't know
they know babe Phe Phe no you didn't
learn anything you know so does she yeah
she does
dr dr she still sell all right you can
tell she's yeah good what just a little
cuckoo with all the medicines you think
alright
what Oh God and medicines kick it in
breath at least we know the medicines
working I know right one more Chinese
Mandarin Chinese oh oh oh our our Sun
Sun Sun
er Sansa will you Lu Chi Chi Papa Joo
Joo shirt eat our Sun Tzu Chi fat you
sure guys this language stuff that goes
way over my head if I said that right
please let me know ace family I'm going
to try my best to learn at least one
other language probably Spanish because
I know L will know Spanish and there's
no way that I can have both of my girls
speaking Spanish without me knowing
because I know they gonna be talking
that ish about me
if you haven't already it's gonna pay a
seven-man welcome back to our channel
guys what's going on everybody so after
we film yesterday's video by the way if
you haven't seen your shape video make
sure you check out my good friend Trey
lost a bet and as you guys know Trey has
some long-ass hair it's literally his
most prized possession and so he lost a
bit and now Katherine gets two
straightened his hair don't worry guys
I'm gonna make sure that it's protected
and that the hair remains the same
afterwards I just want to straighten it
and see how long it can get I think that
it'll be like as long as like I'm sorry
I think it'll get as long as his but
like I think it's gonna be not long guys
he was supposed to do it yesterday but
he didn't so we're gonna make sure we
film it for today's video
he didn't look he trying to avoid it but
we want to go surprise him right now he
should be in his boat let's go get
alright I'm ready
I can't believe we're about to do this
hey bro you lost a bet you have to
you're just playin
roll you're gonna love it oh I love it
bro she's really taking you like to us
alone and that really works
yeah so you like put a lot of it yeah
I'm gonna have to put the rest bro sit
that ass down you got an appointment
with Katherine broom right oh so you're
gonna put your legs that way all right
so I think it's better we go sit over
there because we can both sit down
what's the last time you got a haircut
I know you gave my hair channel last
time I actually got my haircut like all
the way off yeah they're great
we met yeah we met when I was four huh
it's crazy
age time please get his video thumbs up
- wish me luck
ace family by the way Trey just posted
his first youtube video I'll put his
YouTube channel link in our description
so you guys can show him love go check
it out he's now doing you -
congratulations out cha-cha-cha it looks
like you doing the same hairstylist oh
yeah I'll look it look at Trey all else
hoping else helping help he'll mommy
look that was helping you thank you baby
oh you have so much cuz I cut mine off
like when I see like a split in there
did it I just uh D so how about you
straighten it I'll cut it so yeah guys
we're after you're done watching our
video go check out his video like I
mention we'll play his YouTube channel
link in our description and go subscribe
to his channel a family showing how
strong we really are go subscribe and
watch this first video and tell me what
you guys think I'm the one who kind of
directed it I guess you can say I'm the
man behind the camera
it's go time what you guys think bro
your hair is for real law God there you
get that horsehair boy
so would you ever cut it like cut it cut
it
nah nah no see you just kind of sure
them that's a defeat the purpose of
having good yeah all right so before I
present to you it's ray Carter with his
long beautiful straight hair a little
disclaimer is that I didn't completely
straighten his hair because I didn't
want to put too much heat in his hair
but this is what he looks like thumbs up
right now is more looking like you came
straight from India Cherokee tribe Oh
India doesn't have a charity truck but
who has a Cherokee tribe part Cherokee
Indian shallots all my Native Americans
I'm also Native American me too a solo
act not thinking oh it's not good that
business no I see I need to cut it yeah
definitely you mean like yeah two inches
of the leader inches yeah you need a cut
here she goes yeah guys have you know
any products that tration use for his
hair from his curls or for anything you
guys think that you should need to make
this hair freakier than it already is
we need this to be lettuce the highest
of flickies gays and by the way a family
tray is wearing one of our newest family
shirts and it just reminded me that we
got more new March that came in
yesterday should we show it to you guys
are y'all ready to see it this should be
our ace family so L lively mcbroom just
came out with her new hoodie that should
be releasing very soon as you can see it
is big we don't have kids sizes just yet
so this right here believe was a small
which is obviously big on a baby but she
is modeling it today l yeah
she doesn't want to do YouTube today she
doesn't wanna do anymore
No hey she's sick baby you know what did
you tip anymore you don't
okay guys guys al has been sick for the
last couple days and she doesn't want to
do too many more we haven't slept for
the past two days she's been throwing up
she's had a fever she hasn't been
wanting to eat much but luckily she's
hydrated she didn't drink a lot of water
Pedialyte we've given her medicine so
she should be okay by tomorrow you're a
parent you know that your baby being
sick is the worst thing in the world and
you feel so hopeless so we've been
feeling like that for the best clear
days but that's we're done she doesn't
want to you too anymore man Chuck let's
show them your hoodie
okay we'll show them tomorrow you know
you know why do you tip anymore no okay
well show the hoodie tomorrow okay tell
the ace family bye tell him you'll see
him when you're better say bye al till
the ACLU bye tell them you'll see one
you to begin very soon
say bye okay I guess I'll say bye for
her eggs family bye I guess you'll see L
Lively
hopefully tomorrow if not in a few days
when she's better I guess I'll show you
the new hoodie when she wakes up so I
was just in the bathroom cleaning and I
came out to this hmm
my babies are sleeping how has been so
sick that the three of us haven't slept
in three days we just will go from a
minute
hopefully she's felling better than I
tried taken her womb
who did this what did things did you do
this you did it's not the animals you
want dad to see right here okay let me
help you
she likes when we sit on her little
couch by the way a family hears those
not air jordan el jordan well sit right
here okay right here guys you can tell
sick oh my baby she's not her normal
crazy self okay what's up
what's over here Oh baby sing read a
book to you what do you want
stand up okay no way she just likes you
to stand up and hold her wait what do
you want to do you okay the piano no do
you want to play with your stuffed
animals no do you want to go to your
slide no do you want to film a video no
um your clarity door no do you want to
oh you want to right the dirt bike yes
you're sick how did you know the dirt
bike is you can't go outside
it's too cold oh no baby we need to keep
you inside so you can get better again
okay so you want oh I know something we
can do inside you want to write the
hoverboard yeah just please be careful
on their hoverboard we'll make her feel
better come on let's go all right you
sure you want to do it
she's bat-signal are you happy now you
happy you got signal war no more so now
you're sick baby she's in no one you got
a charge is die I mean it's almost time
to take your medication we gonna close
out the video okay let's get off you
don't want to get off okay okay we'll
stay on we'll stay off all right guys so
I'm gonna somehow give her off of this
and you my twitter them close out
today's video see you living it's time I
don't I don't think she'll let me sit
down yeah okay okay guys we're just
gonna stand up today to close out the
video guys today was a short chill blog
hope you guys understand Ellis and just
not feeling well a baby what what's that
hey guys don't forget to get your new
ace family merch at shop a family calm
link is always in the description trying
to keep her hydrated as possible guys um
Emma so thank you all for tuning in as
always before we close out today's video
we do have to give our poster indication
shout outs slash cash winner and today's
cash winner is
yeah would you like to pick the cash
winner today she said no she said no she
just don't want to nothing today that's
okay if you want over toys she don't
want to do YouTube no more she just
won't do nothing so today's a hundred
dollars goes to hey hey fans I'm yeah
pings I love you guys she's not feeling
well so sharks you peg thank you so much
for being a part of this family we love
you I think I can sit down now let me
get my phone out real quick
wait does that mean I gotta type in the
email by myself all right
 hopefully I did it right it's time
to click pain mm-hmm whoever else like a
pulse on vacations shot out all you got
to do is subscribe to the eggs family
this feels weird doing it by myself so
if you would like to post on vacation
shout out or have a chance to 100 hours
all you gonna do subscribe to the eggs
family turn on our post notifications
and comment when done and obviously if
you liked today's video you've got to
give it a thumbs up give it a thumbs up
for L so she can get better she's been
sick for a few days now today we can
tell she was feeling a little bit better
and so hopefully tomorrow she'll be
feeling much better so like comment
share and subscribe and like me and my
beautiful Queen and my beautiful
princess always say we'll be back with
more videos we will see y'all tomorrow
peace
