someone told me never saw
they don't exist in my life these days
but you showed me if I
just find the fit I need to believe
anything is possible if you wanna pass
hi Tess your limit
in there I can see I'm sorry
hey oh wait I need my girls girls you
come here
I can't open it up without you guys my
little princess right here and then I
clean right there yeah all right now
we're ready guys ready 1 2 3
Hey all right guys before we get today's
video we have some good news
l do you want to tell a sailor the good
news we have okay you tell me so pretty
much she said that we found a venue for
our basketball charity event and that
venue is gonna be held at USC in Los
Angeles for those who aren't familiar
with the venue this is the venue
it holds almost 9,000 people almost
10,000 people this is gonna be a huge
event and if you want to be there I
suggest you stay tuned with all of our
announcements I will be announcing my
opponent on April 1st yes people April
1st hey you left I also will be updating
you guys on when the tickets will go on
sale along with the exact date of the
event I told you guys it will be
sometime in June towards the end of June
so stay tuned for that alright guys so
if you live in a lie obviously you know
that it's been raining pretty much every
single day which has been ruining all of
our filming plans we had all these plans
and we couldn't do them yesterday we
can't really do them today so what we
decided is since Toys R Us is completely
closing down forever that's crazy that's
crazy we're gonna go there for the very
very last time and we're gonna try to
get everything well we're gonna try to
see if there's any deals anything going
on oh there's gonna be deals see if we
need anything cuz obviously we're never
gonna be able to go into a store like
that ever yes yeah so for those who
don't know today is the last day that
tours or us will be open so if you have
kids or if you're a fan of Toys R Us I
suggest you go there today and get as
much shit as you can possibly kick I
know al is gonna be sad she loves Toys R
Us I think I'm gonna be more sad cuz I
have actual memories going there and
drop my childhood so are you sad you're
not you want to go to Toys R Us let's go
come on looks like everyone else had the
same thought process
bye-bye wake up we're here right toys
are on you excited huh oh shit where's
their cards even their cards are gone
shit we just gonna use this car right
here here we go
it's a car right here do you like this
court you hold Mommy's Paris and mommy's
phone
you like this car let's do it chunder
got some games game is that
he's gonna throw it in there throw it in
the cart here we go
is there a aisle you want to go down
well I'll do you want to go to oh shit
I think I just found the gold mine Moana
Alma wanna wanna go air like me you want
to SEMA wanna look Milan is right there
you see you need a paddle huh
wanna have a paddle it should have a
paddle excuse me what kind of deals you
got going on here you got like the
buy-one-get-one-free type of deal or to
buy one get three free and you don't got
deals no okay
oh yes you can definitely use some more
books well you want some new books yeah
can that I get here with you yeah I want
to get in this book let me get in here
with you girl oh there we go
let me get in that I want to get in here
and do this thing that I've been here -
no thanks
oh oh sorry damn it's a it's a big
enough for data oh yeah you want me to
get out
yeah I'm to be I'm to be but can you
film this for me Kevin here Sean Sean
where daddy learned his skills from so
on so on
oh wait okay not quite all right as dad
let's turn okay you push that uh all
right let me get it let me get in let me
get in ah let me get in here
all right all right all right you put
pull data all right all right that is
inside you pulled that enough
go ahead thank you thank you
good job well that good damn you strong
as hell girl you pulling that that
around now okay thank you
yeah where you going al where you going
hey you don't want no toys huh you don't
want me to today go tell mommy you don't
want no toys go tell mama she said she
doesn't want any toys this is cute
what the hell is this there's a baby
doll
what is this you like the baby look it's
a gem that I found
you like the baby you want to open it
you want to open it okay we got to buy a
purse okay guys if L is like you and
your unpatient give this video a thumbs
up right now I want to see how many of
you are unpatient like L Paul the baby
is stuck okay let's take them out there
you go you guys are ridiculous you take
care of the baby okay look up the baby's
um drink is in there that's a baby's
diaper okay here
here's the babies dream
and then here here's the babies cloth
guys you'll understand how much I love
being a father like I can do whatever I
want for my kids like and being a father
isn't the best thing in the world and I
don't know what is
are you feeding the baby okay hate being
the baby
all right it's time to go buy your baby
guys I'm be honest we came here thinking
that there was gonna be some deals like
deals that you can't turn down but uh
there wasn't no deals
we literally came here just for that
little ass baby oh hey old man oh no
baby this is the last time we're gonna
be walking through these doors
say bye Twitter I say bye say bye guys
she doesn't want to accept it yet she
doesn't want to experience she's saying
no she's saying no guys I swear it hits
us every day that what we do for a
living is a blessing be able to film our
lives and having memories and and what
we do or what we film like this is a
memory right here saying bye to Toys R
Us our last time here at Toys R Us it
will be able to look back and say that
she was here when all of this was
happening she's too little to understand
now but when she gets older she able to
look back at these videos and understand
you're gonna miss Toys R Us oh that's
okay all right guys so we just got back
to the house and I'm not gonna lie I'm
still kind of sad about
Toys R Us shutting down like Toys R Us
is legendary I kind of feel bad for
those people's kids who don't get to
experience Toys R Us but I'm sure
there'll be something new Bennett are
you ready to go over these names that
the ACE family suggested alright guys so
we've had a lot of requests people
asking us to make this type of video
basically you guys have mentioned a list
of names
I'm throughout all of our videos I must
admit you guys are pretty creative with
these names so we made a list of all of
the names that you guys have been
mentioning over and over again and we
decided to kind of like
you guys know what we think about these
names and you never know we might
actually use one of these names in the
future all right guys so this is how
it's gonna work I'm gonna tell you guys
the boy names that you guys suggested
and then Catherine's gonna tell you guys
the girl names that you guys suggested I
think we have about ten each right so
obviously these aren't all of the names
of you guys have said because as you
guys know we get tons and tons of
comments these are the ones that we kind
of like seeing them all seen the most
and so we're just gonna bring those up
all right so I'm not gonna go first you
go oh great so the first name that I've
seen quite a bit is Belle about Ellen
Bell I know they're a little too close
together but I do like the name Bell
that's pretty big world
I like that by the way guys before we
continue saying these names you guys
suggested if one of these names happen
to be one of your names
don't take what we say to heart yeah
it's just do it like it's literally if
we don't particular ticularly like the
name it's because we don't like it for
our family or just doesn't make sense or
we've never thought about it we know
somebody who's named that in the brown
right whatever the case is so just don't
take offense to that so for the first
boy name you guys suggested was Eli I
see that one a lot I don't know how I
feel about you lie Eli Eli big brother I
feel like I like it
I just don't like it for our family okay
second girl names
I've seen quite a bit Evelyn Evelyn
because I feel like I'll share mine I
can't picture myself calling my daughter
as pink its kind
you like Eveline Eveline Eveline and L
mat another name you guys suggested it
was alton by the way guys you guys
suggested a lot of a names for boys yeah
a lot of names I started with letter A
so Alton it's definitely different but
oh this is the name that I actually like
all right but you would never like it it
Darla's duh I like the name Darla no
offense to ever name is dawn I like Anna
for some reason I love Darla Darla is
cute dark do you want to say it cuz
you're gonna be like Darla oh my have to
pass alpha blue gurl Darla he's not cute
another name you guys suggested was
Austin jr. Austin guys I will never
named after you
yes no Junior's over here next name I
have is Elizabeth too long too long in I
like different names I like names that a
lot of people don't have
I feel like Elizabeth if we weren't
alike nickname parent could be like
Ellie and Ellie is so close to like me I
hate my name Austin like I don't know
that many Austin's I actually I think
you were like the first or second I've
ever met
well I hope shit but yeah Austin is just
feel like everyone has the name Austin I
don't know for the 4th name ace ace I
see that a lot I kind of like I see it
every time when we're talking about dogs
I just feel like ace is too much like
ace is already us and I feel like our
son should be named after us after like
the family good the next name I have is
Savannah there's a long name guys as you
can tell we like short names l like come
on how much shorter can I get Allen
Savannah it's a pretty name though
savannah is a preemie Savannah's are
very pretty l took my phone so for the
next name I don't know how I feel about
this one because I kind of like it and
then I kind of don't the next thing you
guys suggested was dance dance dance
dance no but I don't see it in our
family no I don't see dance often
Catherine LT is to out their next name
lace lace lace lace for girl yeah really
lace lace lace lace I kind of lightly
nice lace lace lace lace is actually
really nice kind of roll he'll be like
lace dude Jermaine Jermaine who said
you're me who said your major mean the
person who said your main was a name to
German Heil okay next name Angela Angela
no I know too many bad name
Angela reminds me so much of you guys
know my favorite show
power power Angela Angela the next name
is Oh
star Oscar I like their all-star like ah
Austin butt off star all-star hot star
now mmm I like it cause it's different
cuz I've never heard him before but I
would never name my son all-star Sylvia
Sylvia Sylvia is a pretty name Sylvia is
a pretty day I like older name yeah give
me your name is holy shit a place I like
my name
I love Katherine that little pretty
Sophie is nice I just don't L until yet
so the next name you guys suggested was
ADA ADA boy I kind of like ADA ADA ADA
oh- McBroom I kind of like a guy's like
a mess room at anyone named data no I'm
gonna heard of the name ADA until you
guys Kareena ha that's how I picture it
like yeah Kareena a sir
a sir I don't like that one I definitely
don't like I don't like a sir kind of a
sirs like hmm for my last name that I've
seen multiple times I don't know why I
see this all the time but it's Ellie
Ellie it's so close to L know so it was
like oh you should name her if you have
a daughter you should name her Ellie so
it matches with oh but a last boy name
you guys suggested was Layton Layton
Lathan I don't like it I kind of like it
I don't like it I kind of like it I
don't know anyone named Nathan but I
just some for some reason and she likes
it it just gives me a bad vibe I date
somebody named later
no I said I've never met anyone leave -
okay well we'll make sure we definitely
use that name it just gives me like that
vibe all right cool let's keep it I
don't know why I'm sorry if anyone's
they believe it all right guys well that
is it for all the names you guys
suggested hopefully you guys like some
of those because I know we like some of
those not saying that we're gonna pick
one of those names but hey you never
know you never know the weirdest things
happen here all right guys we're gonna
go ahead and close out today's video
right here thank you all for tuning in
as always before we close out today's
video we do it to give our postman a
shout out to who better so for today's
posted a vacation shadow goes to Erica
whoa whoa yes or no yeah
oh I do yes yeah yeah Erica cool bottom
you miss it that pretty nice wish I can
move my tongues like you I'm jealous
so shocks you girl thank you so much for
being part of a family you already know
I shouldn't have to say it we love you
whoever else like a pole certification
shoutout all you gotta do is subscribe
today's family hit that subscribe button
turn on our post notifications hit that
Bell button once you do those two things
all you gotta do is comment down all
viously if you liked today's video
you've got to give it a thumbs up give
it a thumbs up if you guys are all
excited and ready for our basketball
charity event in Joe so awesome still
has about a week to pick his opponent so
if you guys have any suggestions on any
perfect match for Austin please comment
below let us know we've obviously seen a
lot of different opponents or a lot of
different people and I've seen a lot of
people step up to the plate I've also
seen a lot of people stay quiet so like
we said if you liked this video make
sure you like comment share and
subscribe and like me and my beautiful
family always say that more videos peace
