someone told me never saw
these don't exist in real life these
days but you showed me if I
just find the fit I need to bleed hey
Stanley I spoke of sad this morning I
think he might have shed a tear it's
time for him to get a new home like I
promised you will have a new home soon
hey Stanley welcome back to our Channel
guys what's going on everybody we are
currently in the Pistor again so we're
trying to be a little quiet if you're
wondering why we're here we're here
because Austin this beautiful man over
here it got us a pet fish yesterday he
got her pet fish so quickly so we're
back here we're gonna get him a bigger
aquarium we're gonna get him some plants
and toys just some things to have in the
aquarium to make his life a little bit
better yeah we're gonna give him an
official home because the bowl I got was
kind of just a quick reveal you guys
haven't seen yesterday's video makes you
go watch it so you're not confused so
shall we begin
yes we should what does ike need does
ike meet those fish what what do you
need Ike needs one of these rocks yeah
what else does he need baby what oh no
no no no no uh-uh no guinea pigs over
here honey
but the egg doesn't need a guinea pig
friend hey that's cool no do you like
that like that
what does Ike need al oh he needs a blue
rocks okay let's get that this one
know which this one this one that one oh
good choice there big place to sleep to
chill out
yeah look aquarium kid where could we
like sleep and stuff oh pretty
that's his little fall if I was a fish I
would definitely want to be in here okay
so now we need an aquarium so I was
reading some comments and I saw a
comment someone said that it's better to
get a fishbowl that's square as opposed
to being ground so we're gonna get a
square one and I kind of agree because I
would rather live in a square
environment okay way too big because
it's just him yeah he's by himself this
is perfect it's perfect
let's get that now we need some plants
okay so you can have a little light at
nighttime all right yeah but this
actually comes to the light oh it does
yeah that comes with the light we can
just get some of you I'll get one of
these colorful ones which one like this
right here how was my nose nice kind of
matches them actually so far we have one
of these for Ike to add some color to
his life little house all right nice
family so this what we have cut the
rocks got this beautiful aquarium have
some plants here we have some lounging
privacy areas right here and we also
have some rocks perfect home for Ike and
then Katherine also want us to get a
bigger water conditioner this right here
is what cleans the tap water and then we
try to take care of this man huh this
your new pet yeah oh all right family so
before we head home to surprise Ike we
do have to make a pit stop to get Elle's
hair cut and actually before that I want
to get Jamba Juice
all right so I got something a little
bit different that I normally get today
Kath and I both got the razzmatazz we
also got every kind of person we also
got a cinnamon vessel also very fire ace
family as you guys know my queen other
than Katherine is the white gummy I
guess that would make that my second
queen but yeah I usually always get the
white gummy but it's always good to mix
it up every now and then if you haven't
tried the Rasmus has yet I suggest you
go try and then tweet both Katherine and
I and let us know what you guys think
now off to my baby's haircut all right
guys we are now here at Earl's hair
salon as you can see she has some
straggle ease yeah so here this
Charlie's just longer here than it is
over here so I just want to make it all
even and of course I want her hair to
grow out so nothing too crazy just clean
up a little bit you ready to get a
haircut yeah you ready you're not ready
her hair is really long the longer hair
is geez baby your hair really got long
how much you want to take off let me see
how much I mean just like a tiny bit
yeah yeah just not just I just wanted to
be there but you look so beautiful
oh yeah feels good
hell you like the Tramp you like it you
like it right now it's gonna be really
good
which one do you want you get a
butterfly Wow yellow thank you good job
oh baby you're brand new good job
daddy's proud of you how kiss kiss okay
see it whenever you get a haircut is
what you get for being good put that
actually already know what you get a toy
so you want to suck her instead of a toy
look the toys in here look Wow I got two
toys a lizard bracelet you don't want
okay you don't want the lizard you know
you don't want the lizard you want to
want the bracelet put it on so your hand
you don't want you don't want the toys
okay you know okay okay you just want to
suck in no toys no more toys it looks
like we made it back in time for
breakfast what do we have here with my
scrambled eggs with turkey sausage and
also turkey bacon you also have a pepper
jack cheese on top oh you want a
cross-table and just go ahead and eat
some yeah oh yeah baby go yeah watch the
ball come off fruit yeah you happy yeah
baby she got her hair cut she good you
girls done eating okay should we
surprise Ike will his new home
I can let's do it
ah here's Ike I be nice okay don't put
your hand in there okay let's get his
new home right now
all right family as you can see Kathryn
is filling up his tank with some rocks
yo this is gonna be a new and improved
home compared to this yeah look at
this and look at this this ain't even
halfway done yet either
no what's next
this is filtration that I just cleaned
okay I thought this was a old pit yeah
what are you doing to help you're not
doing nothing what is that okay all
right ace family are you ready to see
his new Hall ul are you ready
you want to show them oh you take a
picture of it I got it take a picture of
it all right are y'all ready to see you
ready boy
let's hit the ass with a fish montage
oh yeah
yeah okay so here we have my dudes front
of the house right here to the front of
the house
this is his front door that's where his
friends come through this right here's a
side of his house leading up to the
backyard the backyard his plants his
rocks it's where his French chill in the
back here I'm not sure if you can see
it's hard to tell but in there and a
little hole that's a window but inside
is his bed that's where the action
happens all to action yeah and up top
here as you can see this is like his
palm trees mm-hmm his low low palm trees
so when planes fly over his house they
see what he working with mm-hmm and then
I'm not sure if you can see but we
knocked out two birds with one stone by
getting a roof that's almost like a ramp
so his little slick ass gonna slide down
these low you know rooftop right here a
little slide his home is not only a home
it's also a little water park you know
I'm saying all this other stuff would be
too congested he's like you and his
stuff yeah yes I think a clever feel and
vibe yeah no actually yeah I think
actually these will be this right here
will be his Christmas gifts so he'll
wake up and Bank a new muhfucka home so
yeah so now it's time for Ike to
experience his new home hey buddy you
ready
I can genuinely say he looks happier he
does Ike how you feeling my man you
happy it's gonna take him a little man
to get adjusted my dude went from a
sewer to a mansion in less than 24 hours
where my boy go on areas ike in there
horny he's a heavy who so yeah what you
guys think i think we did a pretty good
job mmm guys I don't know how Katherine
I forgot to mention this in today's
video but we have some very exciting
news that will be happening tomorrow and
it happened so fast we almost forgot
kinda don't want to tell you guys right
now cuz I want you guys to wait until
tomorrow's video but I don't like
keeping things a secret from you guys
I'm just gonna tell you now y'all know
what it is if you don't know what it is
our first sleepover winners will be
coming over tomorrow so they fly in
tomorrow morning Katherine I got them a
flight and we'll be having a driver
picked them up in the airport and
bringing them here to the ace family
house and I believe they have a
one-year-old so I'll get a chance to
meet another baby so yeah if you don't
know what I'm talking about Katherine
are picking three different people
whether it's a family whether it's you
and your friend whether it's you by
yourself we're picking three different
people that constantly show us love and
support like that's how easy it is to
have a chance to sleep over a house stay
positive show love comment like and view
our videos it's that easy so obviously
we already picked a December winner
we're going to be picking a January
winner very soon and then we also have
to pick a winner for February I don't
know about you guys but it's exciting
like Katherine and I constantly try to
show our appreciation for you guys and
this is just one of the ways so you got
to stay tuned for tomorrow oh I almost
forgot if you're a snack like me don't
forget to cop you a shirt a shop a
family comp link is always in the
description it's time so thank you all
for tuning in as always before we close
out our video we do at the announce our
post on vacation shout out person slash
cash winner today's posted a vacation
shout out and 100 dollars goes to a
donkey Amin bola I'm not sure if this
person is a girl or a guy based off of
the comment and the name and the
thumbnail picture so I'm not sure but
you will be
a hundred dollars today from a family
all right now I need my phone
thank you baby I need my phone for cash
hat I've got to send them a hundred
dollars okay thank you
you gonna send them a lot of dollars
okay you sent it to him you're not doing
right let's cash out the green app the
green one really trying to find it
finally got my fault cash at my hundred
dollars right click hey I need to email
them let's click pay and tada
so whoever else like a pulse on vacation
shadow or have a chance $100 all you got
to do and subscribe to the a spam to
click that red box Mike and and call me
a cash an email below and obviously if
you like this video you gotta give two
thumbs up give it a thumbs up if you're
excited about tomorrow so like comment
share and subscribe like me and my
beautiful queen and my beautiful family
always safe be back with more videos
peace I mean you know we don't see all
beautiful people you mom
