someone told me never saw
these don't exist in real life these
days but you showed me if I
just find the fit I need to bleed hey
hey what's going on everybody so I woke
up right early this morning craving
doughnuts put there's one problem and
that problem is katha and I recently got
a gluten-free chef and these Donuts
aren't gluten free they're good as hell
but not gluten free so I got the sneak
these doughnuts somewhere in the kitchen
well she doesn't see him hopefully this
works out I don't want to get in trouble
I shouldn't be Amy's don't look but
they're too damn good come on
can I get two of these white sprinkled
please two glazed twists please two
powder glazed two flat chocolates thank
you our ace family I just go back to the
house and I'm pretty sure she's in the
kitchen right now making breakfast I
don't know how I'm gonna pull this off
but I think I might just just do it like
that or should I put in my shirt no
that's too obvious I just want like this
damn I really hope she doesn't catch me
and see these because these look way too
good let's just look at these oh my oh
my god just look at these all right and
I think we can get away with this let's
go
you don't grow tree or make it now
making breakfast what are you doing
sneaking up on me huh I am now making
gluten-free bread with butter okay and
then it's going to go with grilled
bananas on the top with this sauce and
it has sugar brown sugar and nutmeg
cinnamon wait a minute I think I
actually forgot the sugar when you drop
a little bit I like I got you got okay
I'll meet them does it say four
sandwiches for later
yeah but you have a shot sandwiches for
what it what no no no hey Ryan
alright guys so Katherine I picked up a
few mousetraps other day because we knew
I was gonna be sleeping over soon
because he tends to sleep in so it's
time to wake his ass up
I should probably open these and take
him out first
there's way more than I thought all
right so the sound works she pulled this
part down put this over it was a close
one
alright so let's try this again pull
this part down this part over like that
just like the head but they get his ass
wait
this should actually hurt so hopefully
doesn't step on them hopefully he just
gets card okay cuz this is no joke rere
waiting on you tell me a little bit
can you tell us are you throwing
mousetraps with me would you can I do
baby boo all right all right Ruth
choo-choo shoes
you go first you go first
come on bro Pharrell this shit's hurt oh
my okay truce truce I love you bro give
me hug where my girls at did they
already eat that he would tell us where
my girls are girls look at those toes
who did a mommy did oh oh wow oh you got
a boo-boo on your food did you guys
already eat you did okay did you have
eggs
okay I'm gonna eat now daddy has to eat
okay okay I love you give me kiss hey-ho
was right there's some good lighting
good yeah you look good girl yep all
right I'm not sure if you guys have
noticed or not but I am wearing one of
our new releases yeah mm-hmm if you guys
know what design this is just comment
below and this isn't the only show we
have we do have more and this one mm-hmm
and this one this is one of my favorite
colorways right here huh oh wait we do
have more no right mmm this one right
here is probably one of my favorites
that's enough that's enough but we do
have more all you got to do is go to
shop ace family dot-com link is always
in the description now back to the
original meet Austin there's a mousetrap
on the floor can you please pick it up
no cuz of L walks in she's gonna get
hurt
and they're all around the house and
there's another one in the bathroom over
there I saw it earlier no please please
if she walks in I can't pick it up
myself please Ryan Ryan Ryan oh sorry
no please go pick it up please she's
gonna walk in here any minute I know and
she's hurt more than I thought
oh I fall careful did you see that
no what I was looking at you did you do
that what the sock I didn't do anything
didn't see it just call the drawer no it
came out the dwarf village or not again
babe a serious not again turn the camera
off did you see that but there wait
laughing I don't know I just I've never
seen anything like that one wafers out
oh the best thought what you do I didn't
do anything you know how I feel about
this I wanna go see what it is
I wouldn't go see
all right huh what go-sees aha you
trying to get me go look look over there
go look at the sock look at this look at
this doing something weird
I swear their phones
freaking out just like me you're trying
play cool this is all your trying to
play like nothing they know you didn't
know I actually didn't do an intro thing
right but we both know what the hell we
were doing good job you did a really
good job by the way hey did you see what
oh my god you have to see what the first
one you didn't see it the first one
that's a good idea
hey did you see the first one I'm kind
of new night bro you came running over
there you left the house I kind of knew
cuz you won't freak out I was like why
did she freaked out this shit has been
happening to us kind of new yeah I know
you know what this is the first of many
the first of many praying all this thing
all those there baby all the freaking
mouth shop this morning you're right
you're right deserve I deserve it to be
a practice a little bit but not with
that one because I believe in spirits I
feel like you were I was scared
I thought your enemy I think you're
playing it off coz at the camera on you
know bruh no he shot him do the effort
the stock just fell and I was like okay
anything it just all yeah I start moving
I was like you're out what I will go
check myself are you good at mathematics
I would have thought there was like a
mouse in there or something I think I
should it's time so thank you all for
tuning in as always before we close out
today's video we do attend announce our
post notification shout out slash cash
winner
so today's winner today post
certification shoutout goes to name my
hero and she'll be getting $100 so shout
to you girl thank you so much for being
a part of this family it's time to send
you $100 girl you just received $100 a
Christmas gift from thanks family
hey email please babbit good to go good
to go alright let me click pay no I like
the click pay here we go click pay and
let's go whoever else like a post on
vacation shadow all you got to do is
subscribe to the Hayes family turn on
our pulse on vacations download cash app
use that email and comment below and
obviously if you liked this video you
got to give it a thumbs up like comment
share and subscribe and like me and my
beautiful queen always sake what are we
always will be back for more video I
thought you're gonna kiss me I won't
kiss me peace
