someone told me never saw
they don't exist in my life these days
but you showed me if I
just find the fit I need to believe
anything is possible if you wanna pass
hi Tess your limit
in there I can see I'm sorry hey hey
what's going on everybody so the girls
are getting ready right now we're about
to leave the house catherine has an
appointment for her consultation to get
her blood drawn for those who don't know
what that means we're pretty much
getting a blood test in the next few
days to find out the gender of our babe
so today is a big step for us towards
planning our gender-reveal but before we
get into that I want to update you guys
on our basketball charity event coming
up so I obviously haven't picked my two
opponents yet which now that I think
about it's coming up pretty quick but I
did want to touch on the opponents of
your guys's choice
now you guys tagged the same people over
and over again which is a good thing
because it makes it easier for me and
these opponent that you guys keep
tagging and all have actually played so
you guys are taking this serious which I
love so let's go through the list of
these opponents that all of you have
requested my good friend faze rug bro I
love you
but I wouldn't want your parents to
witness you take an L now for the next
opponent he might be he might be just as
passionate as me about basketball
I believe he plays in a basketball
league but against old men so robot Asst
I'm not an old man I don't think you
ready my next opponent
you guys have tagged this person a lot I
must admit he's pretty damn good at
everything he does but the only
highlights I've ever seen him play were
against celebrities Chris Brown have you
ever played a real Hooper my next
opponent here I first want to start off
by saying congratulations to you and
your lady for your newborn
welcome to the Fatherhood but they ain't
gonna stop me from giving you a nail
pretty boy Fredo I hear you're moving to
California I'll be glad to give you your
first L here this next opponent actually
has a portentous house and I believe he
lives in Vegas which is just a drive
away to LA but CJ so cool I never seen
no highlights breath the next opponent I
have here on the list actually ran to
him not to
Justin Bieber the basketball highlights
that I've seen it looks like you just
out there having fun you not serious now
my next opponent
you guys were tagging him quite a bit
and he's actually the homie I didn't
even know he played basketball so I
looked up some his highlights and uh not
bad he is the true definition of never
judge a book by it's cover
rice gum you might want to take a break
from fortnight start practicing for my
next opponent I'm sorry for pronounce
your name wrong but you look like the
type of dude who's like me in high
school it looks like you played all the
sports which at the same time I think is
your weakness
Adam Sala pick a sport and stick to it
and for my second-to-last opponent I
haven't really seen any highlights but
there's a reason why you guys keep
tagging him so quavo I can give you some
highlights they may not be good for you
but take some highlights now for my last
opponent I don't really know much about
but he looks athletic you seem like a
cool dude but I don't mind giving you a
nail so flight why do people call you
fly all I gotta say is if you haven't
been working on your game
I suggest you work on your game now so
those are all the people that you guys
have been requesting over and over again
to be my opponent but there could be
other people that pop up in between time
of me picking my opponent well just know
I'll be picking my opponent at the end
of next week
so you've got to stay tuned for that
hard so let's go see if the girls
already my girls are cleaning
Wow baby you're really getting in there
huh get in the credits wow this is
amazing I got my wife over here doing
the dishes and my two-year-old daughter
over here scrubbing the wall oh yeah
wow I am so impressed I am impressed
what you want it's clean yet you all
done
okay I'm proud of you give me some DAP
good job
well you're not done yeah huh dad's
gonna pay you an allowance okay after
you're done you come get that ax and
I'll pay you okay okay cool when daddy
pays you you got to save up for more
cleaning supplies okay you all done you
wanna go on the swings come on so on the
swings you're gonna show the a family
how you swing like a big girl now show
them how high you go you want me to push
you all right hold on hold on you got
tight grip all right here we go hey
Emily she does it all by herself now
you're growing up way too fast for that
day you should slow down
you want to go see if Mama's ready to go
to her appointment all right let's go
see if she's ready
ask mom what she's ready to go to her
appointment ask her you ready to go all
right here we go
a CLE will meet you there we may be
we're here we're in the waiting room
right now yeah we're waiting to get seen
by a doctor who are you looking at hi
yeah all right guys while we're waiting
to get seen by a doctor I'm looking
around this place is pretty cool like
what the hell are these whatever they
are they're pretty cool they're gonna
getcha the family's good you better hide
better hide you're coming
get you yeah why your pants all I can
you pull them down looking like dumpy
pull them down a little bit I don't
supposed to be high-waisted huh
can we just pull them down a little bit
it's like that what
who do you think you are guys watch this
L there's a puppy there's a puppy you
see the puppy trick to you there ain't
no puppy no I'm just kidding I love you
you want a puppy and so messed up did i
trick you that I tricked you follow mama
Oh much right here are better you want
to explain to them what's happening
right now so basically in order to find
out the gender of my baby at ten weeks
at the ten-week mark you can actually
find out this is something we didn't do
and we had we actually had to find out I
liked 20 weeks or something and we
actually found out through like a 3d
thing this time around we can do like a
blood test and find out a little bit
earlier so we wanted to go ahead and do
that instead of having to wait for so
long Wow
I love seeing so tiny go around so
that's the back uh-huh and I can just
what I'll say at all see the baby
so good news um so yes so I'm gonna be
able to do my blood test on Friday and
they're gonna come to my house and do it
so I don't have to come back and I'm
also gonna do another test for ovarian
cancer I'm gonna do like a gene test
because my grandmother died from ovarian
cancer so it's like really really close
so I'm gonna do that and as far as all
the other information for our
gender-reveal I'm gonna be telling you
all of that when we get home and to go
home with all the information
say bye
alright guys so we just got home and we
weren't really expecting to see that 3d
footage today oh that's like earliest
I've ever seen it 3d any new no you can
do that exactly it was exciting for us
so now we're gonna talk to you guys
about our plans for our gender-reveal
because it's coming up quick so
basically as I explained how the
doctor's office I'm going to be doing a
blood test on Friday so this Friday
coming up basically what they're gonna
do is draw some blood and then test that
and that's gonna take up to like five
days to see the results so now whether
it's a boy or a girl and then I'm also
gonna do another test and this test is
something I wasn't planning on doing but
this is something that's more personal
to me and this is I'm gonna be doing the
ovarian test so basically to see if I
have that gene in me I'm not sure if you
know this or not but my mother's mom
passed away when she was 35 so my
grandmother passed away from ovarian
cancer she found out she had that and
then four months later she passed away
and so that's something that runs in my
family and obviously another reason why
I wanted to make sure that I had kids
now in my life is because I do have that
possible gene so I wanted to make sure
that I was able to have kids and there
was nothing wrong with my ovaries and
stuff and so now I'm gonna be doing that
test to see that actually do have that
so all this is gonna be taking place on
Friday we're gonna have a nurse come to
the house and she's gonna do all those
tests and stuff after I take this blood
test for the gender on Friday oh we have
to wait five days and then we find out
after those five days are up we're gonna
know then the doctor no we're not gonna
know the doctor is gonna call a friend
of ours a good friend of ours who has
been wanting to do a gender reveal for a
long time actually before she even knew
we were pregnant before we even knew we
were pregnant she said when you do get
pregnant eventually I want to do your
we love her we know that she's gonna be
the perfect person to throw our
gender-reveal especially because we want
to make sure that our family and close
friends as well that are there during
that day find out at the same time we
find out and so the whole thing is just
gonna be awesome
there's a special no because it's our
first gender reveal we never got to do
this with ale so the fact that we're
able to finally have one makes it that
much more special because we get to now
experience it with you guys it's crazy
because we're we've shared so many
special moments with you guys like
moments that I never thought in my
entire life that I would never share
with millions and millions of people but
and it's crazy that it happened to us
without knowing that it was gonna happen
to us so this day is gonna be really
really exciting for us and we're happy
that you guys get to be there because a
lot of you guys have been there from the
very beginning a lot of you guys watches
all the time so it's gonna be really
exciting for everybody so once those
five days are up and the doctor has the
results in she's gonna be calling our
friend and letting her know whether it's
a boy or a girl
by the way guys we're extremely excited
for either a boy or a girl
i Loki want a girl another girl awesome
and look he wants you know that I don't
hide I didn't know you do know my
first time hearing that you want a girl
I'll oak you on another girl happy with
a boy I'm like 50/50 percent boy 50%
girl like I literally don't care
whatever it is but you just said you
look you want a girl like so you're like
you're like 52% girls not like 50.0 okay
okay this feel like we have a boy it
completes our family you know I think we
have a girl at Cooper gets our family
yeah I can't see myself having all girls
know but either way like Kathryn says as
long as our baby's healthy that's the
only thing that matters who knows man
it's it's up in the air honestly life
works in very mysterious ways I think
God is gonna give ya God can either
bless us with all girls who knows who
might have three or four girls running
around or God can bless us with a boy
and it'll just before of us and we won't
have
to have any more kids I want want more
kitchen you do my future maybe okay it
all depends on my ovaries and I'll
depend on my body sure all we got to say
is these next couple of weeks are gonna
be real interesting I know the first
pregnancy our first time around we
wanted to know else the sex of our baby
so badly but we had to wait so long I
know I thought I wish I could have found
her I wish I could find out from day one
I don't understand how people can wait
until the baby is born oh I know the
gender you guys are like I have a lot of
respect to those people so much respect
for those people we Corrine I could
never that's like like like imagine you
just have a baby and also we pick it up
I feel like you need time to like
prepare it's just not for us like we
need to know how you said these next
couple of weeks need a flyby so we can
have the party already and so we can
know and I'm sure you guys are just
excited as we are and then we have to
start we have to start planning your
birthday party birthday party we got a
lot coming up all right guys we've been
talking so much we're just super excited
so we're gonna go ahead and close out
today's video right here thank you all
for tuning in as always before we close
out today's video we do have to give our
pulse notification shot
so today's posted vacation shout-out
goes to Samuel Samuel Justin shout to
you bro thank you so much for being part
of a family whoever else like a pulse on
cakes you shout out all you gotta do is
subscribe today's family hit that
subscribe button turn on our post
notifications hit that Bell button and
once you do those two things just
comment with it done in the comments
that's it oh and also in the comments
let me know if you guys are in your
first trimester I really want to know
what your guys is sometimes symptoms are
behaved yeah I know what you think yeah
because guys literally like I know I've
mentioned this in the past couple of
walks but I've been feeling so sick and
so tired and I'm starting to feel like
it's worse in my first pregnancy so just
let me know
feel that way - it's not all fine and
dandy over here like it's really hard
but yeah just let me know obviously if
you liked today's video you've got to
give it a thumbs up give it a thumbs up
if you guys are excited for her gender
reveal yeah for our gender reveal and
and who throw in our gender reveal could
be my grandma so like comment share and
subscribe and like me and my beautiful
pregnant Queen always say see you put
the camera belly I try but you weren't
all black see camera you seen it
oh hey guys I don't wear all black
because I want to try to hide or
anything a literally just love wearing
black and I just wear like comfortable
dress every day trust me he'll the high
tech trust you won't be able to hide
when that tell me starts poking you guys
see her first pregnancy that belly was
out there saying hi everyone it's funny
because you couldn't tell I was pregnant
for like I would go to the side and I
really like oh my god it was acute belly
so like me and my beautiful pregnant
Queen always say we back with more
videos peace
