someone told me never saw
these don't exist in real life these
days but you showed me if I
just find the fit I need to believe how
does this camera work pass it on okay is
it straight okay
it's not blurred right is about blurry
okay so how do I start this out for
those who know me my name is I Santa
Claus Santa Claus doesn't do too well in
front of the camera so yeah I'm not sure
where austin is or Catherine but I don't
know I think I start out by saying hey
is that what I say is that is that right
okay let's try to get into the video now
so this is what's about to go down okay
me Santa Claus is about to pull a prank
on the smartest most beautifulest
one-year-old out there okay so now what
do I say oh yeah I gotta make this point
so what I did was I reached out to her
parents you guys should know who they
are Austin and Catherine and I told them
that I was going to UM get in the bed
with their daughter as weird as that
sounds and I'm gonna need them to leave
so right now
they had to get out the bed I forgot to
mention this is the biggest part I don't
know how I forgot this it's early as
hell and Ella still sleep okay so back
to an always say I meant them leave the
bed they're not nowhere near the bed
right now Ella still asleep and what I'm
about to do is I'm about to creep up
next to her and I'm gonna lie next to
her while she's still asleep
so the goal is for her to wake up and
get her reaction okay so hopefully she
wakes up if not Santa Claus
okay and from what I know she's really
smart so I'm not sure if this is don't
work but we don't try okay okay so
before we get into this prank if you're
already
you got a um you gotta you gotta love
this video no what do they say you gotta
like you gotta like this video right now
if there's a like button somewhere just
click it yeah are you all ready here we
go
damn that was hard to do oh shit we're
not to the camera with me let's go
Merry Christmas Oh
who wants gifts this year
you know you know that do we take this
up
you caught me red-handed you know is
that that bad hey you know when you see
the clutch you think everything is funny
you're so cute
and your nose is so stinky and then your
teeth look like baby sharp teeth and
your eyes are so big and you're here is
so sloppy you know it's bad that you
know is dad that excuse me you know
mommy's filming you it's just for Santa
Claus as mixtapes what would you like
for Christmas this year huh you want
toys you want a dog you do do you want
what no don't look no who's that that's
that dad this is Santa good job you know
who your parents are huh
where's Santa Claus yeah yeah so this is
dad app and this is Santa Claus huh
you like music okay let's listen to some
music okay okay okay oh oh oh okay
what you only take it off okay so I may
just wear the Santa costume for the rest
of the day but I should probably take
this down hello guys I'm back hey ace
family you like the new Christmas socks
I'm wearing today I'm in the holiday
spirit you laughing you want to show him
something
yes remember guys yesterday we had all
these balls in the room and so as you
guys know we got a jumper and we put it
in Austin's closet room and get all the
balls and the jumper and as you guys
know once you turn the jumper off it
deflates
so we had to figure out what to do with
the balls so we were thinking we wanted
to put it in a bin but this is what we
didn't start so guys it worked the balls
in the net and that way would we do this
look what happens wait wait we want to
do so what do this right now yeah let's
try it
look how fast this happens
yay all right guys it's almost there
I resent it to jump in you ready here
you go are they standing this time let
me try to jump over and dunk the ball to
the basket
dunk that you try to jump over and not
touch like the top like where it says my
first jump inside we need to try a
little bit the fan but that is kind of
close that's a cool that's not are you
ready okay
you're taking a snapshot of your new
jumper Wow
let me see when you took a picture of
let me see can I see
you really snap in okay we do it again
there you go good yes silly re-expand I
got something to tell you come with me
so before we continue on with this video
if you are not subscribed to the ACE
family what are you doing make sure you
subscribe right now join the family so
in one of our recent videos you guys
witnessed me going down the stairs in a
cardboard box and that shit was a fail
but me send a close I came up with a
solution and that solution is come with
me okay so I figured instead of the
cardboard box I will be using else
mattress yeah is that okay can I use
your mattress okay so what we're gonna
do is roll all the stuffed animals out
in the entire world
you're gonna cringe careful with my
daugher this will be the object and I
will be slight down the stairs with what
do you guys know on the count of three
everyone take a screenshot in three two
one
all right this works
come on maybe it works I'm sliding down
that too everybody comes come on Soph
anything y'all ready
let's do a little test run you know I
like a test run thing before I actually
do it so let's just see how this works
without me on here we go
it goes the test run oh yeah that looked
a lot better than the damn car all right
what no wait you need to sit down what
are you doing okay you want to go down
below me all right let's go please be
careful with my child always keep it a
helmet on her we don't have a helmet you
know she looked at me I guess you didn't
like that mommy your time sure all right
Mama's turn come on push yourself you
just you gotta hold it on wherever you
can hold it off honey your little fine
ass about to fly down the stairs oh he's
fine get hug mommy hug mommy she's fine
she's okay she's okay as you all can
tell L does not like us to do anything
scared baby it's okay we would never do
anything to hurt any of us I
I got to get back to being awesome
because I gotta get shit done today but
you ready pulled off this video are you
ready to close out today's video yeah
okay it's time thank you all for tuning
in as always before we close out today's
video we do have to give our pulse on
vacation shout out slash cash winner
Santa Clause is fine today's cash winner
is it's a guy about time a one young boy
shall to you broke our young boy about
to send you a hundred dollars 1 0-0 pay
but first we need your email here you go
baby that's my baby's job ok good to go
go ahead ok so shout out to you young
boy thank you so much for being a part
of the ACE family and having our poll
sonication turned on whoever else like a
pulse on vacation shout-out slash have a
chance to win $100 all you gotta do is
subscribe to the eggs family turn on our
post notifications use the email that
you sign up for cash app and just
comment below and obviously if you liked
this video you got to give a thumbs up
like comment share and subscribe and
like me and my beautiful family always
say we back with more videos see y'all
tomorrow
peace
