someone told me never saw
they don't exist in my life these days
but you showed me if I
you just find the fit I need to bleed
excuse me
where your like jumper balls jumper
balls like the kids playing the
playgrounds like the balls yeah yeah
thank you all right let's go let's go
let's go let's go let's go let's go all
right that's all they have oh no no no
we're gonna need like 50 of these right
all right oh that's high up you
definitely need a car
all right we're gonna need more yeah
definitely not enough Osun always does
everything so extra everything is folly
any help they're looking at me like I'm
crazy but I need help you guys were here
are you gonna look at me all right guys
we're waiting for someone to help us out
you helping us out
yeah I thought you're just looking at me
crazy earlier know so bro I need um
whenever you got in the back I need them
all
whenever you're on the back any like 50
of these dogs all right you want you
wants to go back there with you you'll
have me grab a computer all right while
we laying on here what else they got
here a lot of here well this is Toys R
Us good we already have tons of those
guys we got paintball guns we got nerf
guns we got guns we got everything more
stuff while we're here we should get
some Christmas beer no because if we get
our Christmas gifts then you're gonna
want to give it to her now true you
can't do that I got an orange
Lamborghini here she be the match or
daddy you got an orange geez mate over
here help on aisle but I love this
weight remember we were here last time
we were here oh did the overnight
challenge dude you haven't seen that
video go check it out wait where was it
for hour we went hot
what aisle was Ella's this one was this
one right here I'm here hey if you
wanted to do another overnight challenge
you guys like those type of videos give
this video a thumbs up right now there's
a lot of likes clearly you guys like I'm
walking backward while you're filling it
so if you guys haven't noticed I am
walking one of my favorite hoodies dear
Santa it's me yeah all you gotta do is
go to shop aides family got like always
any description Wow my ball is that oh
the babies should get our another baby
she loves babies she had a cooking kid
she liked to cook what else I got over
here
oh look a little kitchen Oh a kitchen
that's so cute right now oh wait no we
need to wait until Christmas Austin
McBroom even though I don't wait for my
purse it's okay yeah right now let me
see so there's the scale she will learn
a bit every day
she loves puppies scones I mean do we
get our puppy for Christmas a family if
you think we should get al a puppy for
Christmas a real puppy
it's like below like an actual baby like
I know like having like one who shits
all over the house one of those bunks oh
oh it does poop oh here goes the dog oh
my gosh this is as real as it gets
Wow he eats and his shits let's get that
so we get this really cool our ace
family so cam can I decide to get this
for her right now so we're gonna bring
it home we're gonna surprise her with
her new dog and see how she reacts we're
gonna see if she noticed the difference
between this dog and a real tank if she
doesn't like this dog then maybe we'll
get her one for Christmas maybe
no because Austin is not gonna help out
with anything with the dog I'm gonna be
the one like literally taking care of it
cuz it's true it's true it's bloody out
with the ball six news box that's you
don't got any more holes in the back hey
I think that's enough I really do think
that's enough plus those I think this do
things I'm playing I need all the balls
they got in the back all right you gonna
have to try it out guys I'm gonna be
honest I'm not sure this is enough bro
is Ernie the store that has an area you
check for me bloom I have to hit every
store of it and get them all you don't
want to put them there like organize
organize yeah there's almost never so
what you should do is you should close
this you know what they do just said to
me what you said you guys are our
overnight challenge people Oh No
shut the hell up I swear on everything I
love us work
no that's funny do you got enough I'll
do we have enough I think we have enough
all right so we're gonna take these home
try it see if we have enough but
probably don't we may have to run and
grab more our a family we just got home
now we're gonna try to figure out how
all these baguette balls upstairs in the
room because I'm sure you guys already
know we're about to do in the word of
the day is mom so if you guys haven't
caught on yet or missed yesterday's
video else grandpa got her an early
Christmas gift which is this huge jumper
of course leave it to a family to get
some balls to throw in there supposedly
we have around a million balls and I
said we have like
okay I'm at 50,000 we're gonna try to
empty out all the balls and put them
inside the jumper it may take us some
time so let's get started
you know things in life aren't official
with that montage you know we got a hit
y'all after the montage y'all ready
I was right there he's right there there
haircut back alright guys we finally did
it mission is complete Bevin what are
you doing you gotta jump better jump
yeah she can't get up there good babe
you did it yeah oh guys just know that
dreams do come true I've always dreamed
about having my kid have their own
exclusive jumper and now we have one
wait where'd she go I still see you
gotta hide hide more put the ball make
the balls go on top of you
no baby here let me help you all right
you know I think we should do I'm gonna
have grandma bring Elle up here and
we're gonna Surprise them with all the
balls and then you're gonna scare Elle
all right all right way stay right there
do not move it looks good like that do
not move grandma grandma can you bring
Elle upstairs we got a surprise for you
guys
yeah come on Ella got a surprise come on
come on baby get it surprise come on
come on come on going
look mommy got you get in there mommy
you like it el the word of the day is
balls
al you say ball fan I got you this say
thank you our ace families for the
moment that a lot of you have been
waiting for and before we introduce you
to the ACE family chef we want to touch
on something really quick our prayers
and our hearts go to every single person
who's being affected from the wildfires
in the Los Angeles area it's crazy that
we would really saw this on Monday night
before it was even on the news before
anything was even said we saw this in
our very backyard the fire started it's
crazy that it's literally going all over
Los Angeles right now it's even hard to
breathe and go outside so we just want
to let you know that we are praying for
everyone who's being affected everyone
who lost their homes their pets
everything that they owned I couldn't
imagine someone losing their home like
waking up and then having to evacuate in
their home burning to howling I couldn't
imagine that please everyone take time
out of their day and say a prayer for
those who are in need
guys this is serious we just want to let
our eight family members know that we're
gonna do whatever we can to contribute
and help we've already called several
shelters we've been asking people what
can we do to help so obviously this we
can't do this alone we can't just do
this us to so we need a team of people
that are gonna help us we're currently
working on that and yeah there's just so
many babies I need diapers dogs that
need food people who need shelter who
need clothing water water just anything
literally so we're gonna do whatever it
takes to help and guys it's just not us
you guys are part of our family as well
we have a huge family that can help and
contribute so please even if it's
something little please try and help
I am this continual with the video and
try to stay positive so now shall we
introduce the ace family chef I'm sure
you guys already know that it's a girl
because Austin accidentally said she in
one of the videos and I saw cop of
comments people saying that you
accidentally gave it away I gave it away
that's okay are you all ready here we go
she is a young woman who gets down in
the kitchen everyone welcome the ACE
family chef Touche she loves long walks
on the beach
she loves enjoying the sunset she used
to be an athlete back in the day she's
to play basketball like your boy and
most importantly her passion is cooking
everyone give her a round of applause
now I'm gonna need all of my eight
family members to follow her on
Instagram her in severity of overhead
follow her make sure you spam her be
annoying and welcome her to the eighth
family so before to shave shows you guys
what she's whipping up for lunch would
you like to say anything today's family
of course Hayes family I'm so excited to
work for the best family that's in the
entire world and YouTube the ACE family
you guys please show me as much love as
you can I will try to make as much love
back to you guys let me know what you'd
like to see and don't be too hard on me
I'm trying to make things that are good
for Austin he doesn't mind Benji's
simple minded when it comes to food
catherine eats everything in anything
but something a little harder for me but
she's doing a great job so far so let's
go into the kitchen alright guys so this
is my occasion rough salmon mind you
this is actually before the sauce goes
on
this is the honey sweet sauce that I'll
be using it's gluten free of course and
I will be putting a little brown sugar
and some sugar on top as well along with
the salmon you'll get some baby spinach
with raspberries diced Gala apples and
also feta cheese with Mediterranean
herbs also a red wine and olive oil
vinegar right and for snack time which
is very soon will be the ridge cut
potato chips with salt and pepper with a
chicken salad of cranberries under the
salmon bed of pesto Alfredo
garlic fettuccine you'll also have your
gluten-free bread steak waiting for you
you got to stay away from that stuff
with some pesto and olive oil that will
be brushed on there so for those who
don't know what gluten is that is wheat
rye and barley so what it does to people
that are gluten intolerant you'll get a
really big stomach you look kind of
pregnant you'll break out in your face
they don't feel like you're nice so just
stay away from gluten if you want to be
lutein free I will make sure I give you
guys tips to stay gluten free stay tuned
it's time thank you to everyone who
tuned in as always before we close out
our video we do have to give our post on
vacation shout out slash cash winner
so today's cash winner is let me do it
let me do it yes I am today's cash
winner is Anna lil a Noel and a lil
shout to you girl thank you so much for
being a part of the ACE family and
having our pulse on vacations turned on
we love you our girl we about to send
you a hundred dollars
you ready by the way guys we don't see
guys commenting well my phone is that
come on fellas come on come on that be
someone love all right here we go girl
pay no yeah you have to email it
okey-dokey
one of them let me click pay no still
loading now you fit a hundred dollars to
Anna Lille we love you whoever else like
a pulse on vacation shoutout / $100 all
you got to do is subscribe to the ACE
family turn on our pulse notification
and comment the emo down below you use
for cash guys it's that simple so
obviously if you like this video you've
got to give it a thumbs up like comment
share and subscribe and like me and my
beautiful Queen always say we'll be back
with more videos see y'all tomorrow
peace
