someone told me never saw
they don't exist in my life these days
but you showed me if I
you just find the fit I need to bleed
okay well Willie before we continue this
video if I make this shot here hold this
limit if I make this shot I'm gonna go
up the top of the stairs shoot the ball
and try to make it to the basket if I
make this shot all of our eight family
members can get free merch oh 3.5 3.6 so
wait you only get one shot one shot one
shot into that little little hole over
there it sounds horrible
daddy's nice come over here oh boy I am
they're right here to the basket all
righty you ready all right you ready all
right you ready if you're ready to give
this video a thumbs up right now like
this video let's go so cool well today
we have a lot going on and we want to
update you with the chef a lot of you
guys have been asked if they made the
team or not as you all know the
breakfast was magnificent the lunch was
even better and the dinner was amazing
along with the dessert was a peanut
butter chocolate chip brownie home with
like the cogs and oh and it was gluten
free so will they be the 8th family's
new chef the answer is yes
you like the new chef yeah welcome to
the team chef and for those who want to
meet him or her makes you stay tuned for
tomorrow's video so my dad should be
over here any minute he hit us up saying
that he had an early Christmas gift for
El probably the best Christmas gift a
baby could ever have she has no idea
what it is we don't even have any idea
what it is obviously she doesn't cuz she
doesn't understand English yeah you
don't know we're talking about so we're
super excited for her yeah for her
should I'm excited for us grandma always
comes in the clutch with the best gifts
so we know for sure that it's gonna be a
really good one
so we'll see alright guys so last night
before we went to sleep we noticed that
there was this weird red smoke coming
from the mountains so I was like looking
up to see if there was a fire or
anything and then this morning I noticed
that the entire sky is like an orange
like smoky type of look and it's
literally the entire sky like
surrounding your house you guys can you
gonna see that look at that that looks
crazy
what fire it looks crazy from right here
it looks kind of scary like the world is
ending or something and yes ace family
patty is still here with a flat tire
I'm going to take her to get fixed this
weekend beh beh just just hang in there
okay just hang in there all right so
before we continue with today's video
there is something that always wanted to
do once I got my first home I really
don't know what it is oh no you're not
you're not at all so this box is for my
Christmas tree and ever since we got the
Christmas tree I've been wanting to get
inside and right down the stairs so
shall we all right give me my daughter
because you're not doing this that there
the fact that I'm even letting you do it
in general is crazy because this is so
dangerous Oh scary life is basically not
all right good luck hmm it's a good
angle for the well she doesn't like it
now all these things gonna go bathroom
because more weight will be in it have
you done this before in your lifetime
she was hitting you oh okay okay guys L
thinks the wig is funny but she's scared
of it
look we'll put it on we'll put it on you
don't wanna put it on oh you want the
curly head one they handed the curly
Hitler you uh put this one on huh
here you go so you do want the wig okay
so you want it you want it or no you
don't see how you do it okay baby you
know what those wigs are gone they're
gone okay are you doing the slide good
just a big girl you can do it baby can
why you can do it say piece before you
go say piece my knuckles knuckles
knuckles yay oh mama mama she always
give you new clothes hey I hear you film
yourself put on the slide okay got it
yourself going up the slide
she's only one but you're gonna go on
slide
can you help let me help you yeah I'll
put you up there and then you can just
slide down with the camper okay to get
your reaction that's how you do it okay
so you hold the camera like this to get
your reaction like this look you let
them know I'll just get your reaction
when you slide down piano while singing
okay put it on okay you put it on like
that I like feeling with it dad deserves
what's the word those babies are this
cute on here taking up that done can you
take it off me take it off your hat
match to the piano
you wanna take a picture take a picture
on 3 ready 1 2 3 smile beautiful girls
girls girls grandpa's here crumpled us
here what's up little weeks oh she does
not like the wigs at all go around them
come on the see if she goes around you
had to go around like this go around
them come on come on have you come on
you can go around oh come on you can do
it see the baby two weeks she's right
let me see my gift already you want to
see what you got
what's new Papa got you I love you okay
look she's looking like she's looking
like I love gifts okay so you know what
I'm thinking oh okay okay so I'm
thinking I'm thinking since none of us
know what the surprises you guys hide it
in her room or hide it wherever you can
hide it and then you let us know when we
can see it okay you had to set it up
okay we'll do it like that then okay I
need you guys to do before I get it I
need you Catherine L to go into another
so you guys don't see know what we're
gonna do is we're gonna take the inks
family with us while we go set it up
okay let's get two guys and we'll see
our reaction yeah tell me something
really really cool okay so the mommy has
to take over the camera now okay here
you get a whole family that's some
freaky stuff going on around here okay
never know you never know what Austin
what you've got going on all right
uh-huh as we see in here this book clear
Austin's new closet so as you guys can
see what we got here is right stay right
there
elders first
first jumpers slide so a family this is
I'm operating all hard and put those
nibs like I'm out of shape so what we
got here is a jumper that's actually
supposed to go outdoors but we're gonna
do is I actually think it's gonna fit in
this room actually I hope it's gonna pay
for this room we're gonna get it all set
up and then we'll go give him you guys
know
Austin is a big kid himself so he's
probably going to use this be using this
more than Hale but this is actually for
Hale so all right
okay I think it's right
partes family what you guys think
it's pretty cool at all that's what
works I gotta get the ball
shut the door
here's the ball right here
that boys hi al Papa's back Mama's back
are you ready for your surprise so
decide to like Adam you know you got the
closet up there now to rearrange your
you got like a retail store up there you
can move in any room you want but I put
it in your closet in your clothes you're
good to go
no I'm mad now you WA actually I want to
give any hints actually here's one hint
ill look what you got it's a basketball
oh no see you ready go see let's see
let's see let's lie to
Thank You opportunity as always so
before we close up today's video we do
have to announce our cash winner and the
winner is
today's posted a vacation and 100
dollars goes to Trinity Slim Thug okay
Slim Thug for those who are new makes
you subscribe to the his family and if
you don't already have cash up and make
sure that you download that because we
are giving $100 a day for the entire
month of December a mother sent Duggar
$100 right there
Trinity Duggar alright you want to put
the email end of it all right alrighty
let me click pay let me click go home
that your mom appreciates this and I
hope that you have a wonderful holiday
Trinity here we go
processing st. I get so happy every time
I click pay so whoever else would like
to win $100 and get a pulse on Keysha
shoutout all you got to do is subscribe
to the Hayes family turn on our pulse on
vacations which means watch all our
videos download cash after the email you
use for cash up just comment below and
obviously if you like this video you've
got to give it a thumbs up like comment
share and subscribe and like me and my
fine as fiance
always
well we always say that it will be back
with more videos peace
