someone told me never saw
they don't exist in my life these days
but you showed me if I
you just find the fit I need to bleed
I swear couldn't sleep last night I was
up all night like this alright guys I
know you want to know more about this
dresser and what happened in yesterday's
video so make sure you stay tuned
because we're not touching that little
lair today
damn you can like really see it in my
eyes if I did not get no sleep oh look
how beautiful my baby is there's more
Elka my baby come here my little
princess oh oh look how beautiful she is
today with her overalls say hi today's
family why you always keep your kisses
bro that's a long kiss okay okay okay
okay okay honey is family I didn't sleep
last night do you know why I'm not sure
if you guys have noticed but a queen
over here is wearing that ace March
Christmas edition and daddy over here on
my retro vibe you cop you're a scaly
March a wwhd McDuck hey what's going on
everybody our guys right now we're in
the midst of hiring a chef and the
reason is because we really don't have
time to cook like at all and even if we
had time to cook we don't have time to
clean after we cook so it's just like a
huge like issue we've been having and
we're eating out just way too much like
it's unhealthy and we feel that a chef
is very necessary for us and we haven't
really talked about this with you guys
but captain and I are trying to get on
our healthy tip we're trying to get back
in the fitness world at the end of the
day we just want to be healthy and of
course we want our little one over there
to be healthy l what are you doing what
what's your talking she's crazy
today is their first day so they're like
pretty much try out they'll be cooking
breakfast lunch and dinner so after the
doctor last no we're gonna go ahead and
evaluate them good thing we have Ryan
here and Trey so all of us have a chance
to try the food I'm not gonna lie we're
excited we hope this person works out
like we love the personality we love the
vibes
good person we kind of knew this person
already but didn't know that they cooked
and so we hope this food is delicious
Babette she's behind the Walker fighting
the boom so you ready to try this first
mill out I can hear them down there
playing some music okay they get in the
cooking mood a cooking spirit that's one
thing when someone is passionate about
what they do and they work hard
there's no way to fail our ace family
let's go test this first myth
damn this shit just smells good alright
alright that's all I can show you that's
all I can show you baby I just saw the
food it looks delicious and they said
they wants to start out with the parfait
first before the actual meal that's what
I said I said parfait damn annex damn I
keep referring to the chef as they
because I don't want you guys to know
just yet because we are testing it first
today's a test day and if they pass this
test day then they'll become the ace
family chef oh and then it's a welcome
to family needs always family what the
chef is a gluten-free chef
I didn't guys are shut if they become
our chef cooks gluten free is that crazy
yes what's kind of thought I was gluten
free yeah she was like hi because I've
been trying to be gluten free for so
long and I'm actually good intolerant so
I'm not supposed to have like gluten or
dairy or anything like that that's why I
break out sometimes so hopefully after
like the first week or something my skin
starts changing named alright let's go
try these parfaits Ryan Wright wake up
wake up bro
oh did you get that smell yes bro it
woke me up I was like I got ready
we'll see what went on on it bro the
parfaits already oh my gosh oh hey so is
this like a like you grab me yeah you
just grab the fruit whatever you like
hey bro did you introduce yourself to
the show okay
what you drinking oh I'm in more oh you
already know how we do we don't hit
y'all after the montage alright next
family moment of truth but before we dig
in shall we say a prayer so I want to
say thank you God for this beautiful
morning
giving us and continue gave us continue
to bless us and our path and also the
expanding members in their path and I
just went along and I just want to say
thank to you she's gonna pray amen amen
it's time to have a group meeting
upstairs let's go it's time to elevate
him stairs Andrew all right so what is
your evaluation of the show eight plus
plus what is your evaluation of the chef
good Babette what is your evaluation
evaluation of the breakfast that's true
guys because we still have two other
Mills okay so this is just guys guess is
just for breakfast okay so my evaluation
of the breakfast was attending highest I
would say 20 it said Wow okay okay yeah
excuse me
what okay okay okay she's happy she as
you could tell she likes the Shelf
because food makes her happy right what
was your evaluation of the chef was the
food was the food good okay so when she
gets happy like this because she loves
the food and for me if it was out of ten
I give her a nine point nine nine nine
nine nine nine nine so pretty much to
him but just remember that is just for
breakfast we still have some other meals
we have to try well if you guys aren't
able to see these other meals because we
do want to post this video in a timely
manner we will update you so stay tuned
for the new ace family and now the
moment that you all have been waiting
for us to talk about shit's real way
lowly beside the creepy dress over there
and yes as you can see we have a battle
there you guys noticed another
Paranormal Activity in the video we
didn't even notice roll the clip
we're filming and talking about it Jorah
comes out did you like you filled it you
have yeah know what I'm saying
what dump what's that we're filming and
talking about it Jorah comes out did you
mmm so supposedly what happened
yesterday is that you guys didn't we
also notice that there was a shadow that
disappeared into the mirror right so if
you walk over with me
the shadow somehow appeared over here
okay okay okay so and the closest person
to that mirror was Trey right and mind
you when he moved the shadow moved cuz
we're thinking that it was just trace
shadow so let's test it out right now
let's do it okay so so go back in the
same spot you were at in the last video
I don't know no no you I think you were
a little no he was right here he was
right here okay okay all right yeah you
see so shy zoom in hold a hole oh where
do it again do it again do it again yeah
wait wait
I can't let me zoom out let me zoom in
let me zoom in i go ahead right yeah
there you there wait no if it look like
that though did it go okay I see I see
okay
there's the go through it again ah I see
those who are wondering why I was being
pulled backwards because you know I'll
always walks backwards okay she only
wanted backwards like it's a baby thing
and she was trying to have us come into
her room okay so now we solve that
little situation but now how do we solve
this situation okay so this situation
this is what I'm thinking
let's move the dresser somewhere else
let's move it where it's supposed to
because we didn't even want it there
okay it's moving where it's supposed to
be and see if it ever happens again I've
been wanting it over here since we moved
we just happen to put it there
but we're all the series not we're just
gonna move it here by myself there you
go
so what is this saying that the ghost
one just follows where the drawer is no
because we wanted to see if it's
something to do with like the elevation
on the floor right there yeah right
would that stink anyways I don't know
let's just get rid of the whole thing at
this point huh I don't really like it
hallee comment below if you think we
should get rid of this dresser right now
so for those who watch her home tour you
saw that we mentioned that our walk-in
closet was a bit small considering
Austin has so so so much OMM any clothes
he has a lot of clothes as you guys can
see so for the past hour to what we've
been doing is we've been putting all of
his clothes on these racks that we just
got from Target as you can see he is
moving out these are all of his clothes
we out to another room
don't make us Holly we just broke up so
he's moving out to another room all of
his clothes are here and then show you
guys my closet no now you got all this
room and it's kind of sad because ever
since we moved in together like way back
in our first apartment all of our
clothes were together you're so used to
being together I know but I'd rather it
be like one side is yours one side is
mine so then we know where everything is
no it's not this is yours and I'm all
the way down ah hey so while you're
getting ready in here I'm gonna be
somewhere else
it's okay you have your entire I don't
get to see you naked no more but Austin
you have an entire room for your closet
which is crazy because people usually
don't have an entire room so you show
them yeah yeah guys don't be fooled
I did everything here you see what are
you doing as you can see there's no room
in that little-ass closet so I had to
move all my clothes
why are you
your clothes cuz no room and she's like
kicking me out kinda I'm not kicking you
out that's the reason why you move
seriously bro I know you seriously wrong
no bro there's no room
it's like a damn dungeon in there you've
been managing the whole time in there
with it yeah but it was irritating no
we've only been here for like three
weeks
what you sure know the neck the big oh
no moving all my stuff's down the room
make sure stuff as it goes well shut
Kathy you know something goes by you
mean I could go no he's moving out cuz
we've been planning this for a while he
literally does not first of all I'm not
the word I'm not no I'm moving out my
clothes because the ghost guess what I
wasn't the one who said it couldn't
sleep last night that is true look I
really couldn't sleep left no one should
be scared sits but you know what happens
I can start to think about the in fear
like like the house make a noise like a
creak what happened
you guys jammed into each other the girl
is trying to like Molin back
why so you can see everything they see
and what you think about my new closet
huh yeah like it it's actually bigger
than your closet yeah
no I'm serious bro he let you try by I
got a Christmas sale coming up looks
good you know what I might make this one
it merged shop a are a scam so before we
pick our cash in the winner today we
just want to say thank you to all of our
ace family members for congratulating
James and his family for winning the
sleepover so just update you guys we are
in the process of scheduling with sleep
or so stay tuned for this month because
you guys are gonna be seeing them and
meeting them and now and now the new
cash winner is all right let me pick it
out this time so today's cash winner who
wins $100 for being a part of the ACE
family and always showing love goes to
Alejandra Corona
so shops you girl you just won $100
we're gonna send it to you right now let
me get my phone out mm-hmm
ohana Dallas goes to you honey do would
you like to put her email and please
give away let me click it let me click
it I look like in the pay all right let
me make sure it's correct good yeah all
right I love clicking the pay button in
three two one go buy yourself a
Christmas gift girl go take yourself to
dinner and go take your mom to dinner go
buy your brother's sister present Thank
You girl so much for being a part of the
ACE family and having our pulse
notifications turned on whoever else
would like to win a hundred dollars or
get a pulse indication shot out all you
got to do is subscribe to the ACE family
turn on our post notifications and then
comment the email you use for cash out
below in the comments and obviously if
you liked this video you got to get a
thumbs up give it a thumps up if you're
enjoying us doing vlogmas so like
comment share and subscribe and like me
in my beautiful queen always safe we'll
be back with more videos peace
