someone told me never saw
please don't exist in my life these days
but you showed me if I
just find the fit I need to believe
in a fungus by Sigma if you wanna bad
dr. sky-high test your lip
you feel I stopped in France
most there I can see I'm sorry
Oh sub guys so for those who don't know
me I am Catherine such brother and
you're probably wondering what am i
doing on this channel with the camera
but today's the perfect day to get off
and back from all the pranks Lee has
done for me and I'm gonna get him back
on his own and I thought about the
sweetest revenge to get back at Austin
is getting him back on his own channel
so let me just break it down for you and
tell you what's going down Austin just
asked me if I wouldn't tag along with
him to the mall to go pick up food for
Catherine because she's not feeling so
good I decided to of course go with
Austin I go with him everywhere but this
is the genius idea that I got that I'm
going to execute today because like I
said it's finally time for me to get
back at him for all the pranks he's done
Austin what the hell bro what the fire
bro
so here I have this Lamborghini this
thing right here is literally his speed
so I thought about what is the best way
I can prank Austin where really hurts
and that is this right here so this what
I'm gonna do when we're at the mall I'm
waiting for the food I'm gonna act like
I'm going to the restroom but really I'm
gonna go back to this car and I'm gonna
move his car to like this other side of
the mall so by the time that we walked
back to the car he's gonna think that
somebody stole it and this is disparity
that keeps things nobody knows where it
is but obviously like I know everything
he's gonna try and put two and two
together but it's not gonna make sense
because to him he has the only key that
turn on the car so he's gonna think that
the car is stolen so man I just realized
how nasty but you know what he deserved
it so long
hey what's going on everybody so we're
currently about to leave the house and
grab some food for Catherine she's not
feeling well this morning so let's go
pick her up
some delicious food she said she's
craving the suit from CPK so that's what
I'm gonna get her today is looking like
it's gonna be a nice day so why not get
out the house a little bit so you ready
to rock and roll
you got the Jama door I always got the
chance
wait bro
why is the mall scoped Saturday this was
a bad idea but my baby wants it so I got
to get it I love you Shay good thing
there's ballet whoever invented valets a
genius
tells me all right guys so we just pull
up to the mall and it's looking a lot
more packing I thought so we got to make
this quick we don't go in and out in
California pizza right now waiting for
his food but with others who no no I
don't even know how to start this do you
open this thing
I can't believe I'm doing this right now
come on all right so how do you start
this
I put the brake on keys inside the car
all I know is that you need to have the
key inside the car for it to start so I
got my foot on the brake that's how you
turn okay
we're moving we're moving
the last thing I want to do is crash
this man's car bro
this is gonna be freakin hilarious I I
need to find a parking spot that is far
away from the spot that he parked out so
he really thinks that it's it's going
just parked out here
super great here
things is good alright so I'm gonna go
back to Austin act like I just came back
from the restroom and then we're gonna
walk outside to the car obviously just
to go back home and that's when he's
gonna find out that his car bro honestly
I do not feel bad about this it's about
time that I get him back ladies and
gentlemen this is karma at its finest
definition ace family if you don't know
what the potato soup a CPK thank me
later and there was a lot of you a study
members today here in the mall and all I
got to say you better not be shy you
better come up to me and say hi do not
be shy I swear
but it's my car
run away
No
right maybe they move to me I'll move it
says someone drove the car wait wait
wait I have the key
yeah one sec I'm sorry Owen so more
fucking it now you're broke wait what do
you mean no what do you mean my key ID
the key though you all right what I have
the key to take it the car won't start
without the key
bro bro how do I move the car without
with the team ace family I'm so confused
right now you guys know I parked in
valet and the shit is gone
well you guys move it sometimes like
like like hey you guys you guys wait so
just all the Lambo in front of you guys
oh well please bro
so we're looking about car then uh-huh
where's my car thing payback is that
what you said yeah he's a restaurant yes
serious note though like I was spooked
that doesn't start crying I was like
wait bro karma oh they all the fuck did
nobody see a Lambo just leave I'm just
saying how do you not expect that to
happen to you after all the times you
got me bro so this is what that was
about
come on I guess I deserve it
hey there were some good ass actors
don't you know why I took them you
tipped him do that right bro they really
made it seem like I was trippin brother
guess they an a thank you they can say
that so you guys leave with it Oh
thinking like I'm getting Bhumi
girls won't believe it Ryan just did to
me girls where are you you guys won't
believe what Ryan just did to me I was
literally about to cry where you guys at
pictures chill bro chill what does she
find these I don't know what she was
Hey y'all see it yeah y'all see it I
take this game serious ever since I was
located yo daddy was a Hooper huh what
else you got over there oh my goodness
showing off my bracelets or something
what else we got here oh hell no oh my
god this one yo ass a light wiggly
Piggly hobby birthday Catherine this was
living on my either my first or second
birthday damn you were so cute what
happened I'm just playin I love you he's
so beautiful oh hey I got to see these
real quick oh oh hold on oh hey Sammy
don't we take a no screenshots now
mm-hmm
this is my halloween costume where are
the other pictures oh they gave me with
paint on my face at the Halloween
costume oh hell no I think these are the
pictures your mom needs for the baby
shower they were in this folder el
where'd you buy these find that she just
gave it to me I think maybe it's fat or
something well were they back here
somewhere
what were they there up there oh I'm up
there huh so what I was gonna tell you
was Ryan tried to prank me well not try
and guess he did a little bit he got me
a little bit he told you you knew
actually work I guess you got me a
little bit unless of me I was spooked
all right guys Katherine's not really
feeling well today so we're gonna go
ahead and close out the video right here
I don't know but you guys did the
further I get along in my pregnancy the
more I'm getting sick and I thought that
it was kind of going away my knowledge I
was going away my morning sickness but
this morning it hit me really hard and I
almost threw up I don't know if you guys
know this but the 8th family knows I've
never thrown up before I don't throw up
and so it's just like it's just weird
like I just can't get myself to throw up
and I almost did this morning which was
really scary for me that's like a worse
like you feel like you had to throw up
but you can't to just like yeah guys
makes you stay tuned for tomorrow's
video because I'm gonna be giving you an
update on our basketball charity evening
I'm gonna be mentioning some potential
opponents so before we close out today's
video we do have to give our pulse
notification shout to you girl thank you
so much being part of a family you know
we love you whoever else like a pulse
notification shoutout all you gotta do
is subscribe today's family hit that
subscribe button turn on our pulse
notifications hit that Bell button once
you do those two things just comment
done and obviously if you liked today's
video you've got to give a thumbs up
give a thumbs up I guess for Ryan
pulling a prank on me so like comment
share answer I feel my reaction on my
camera but yeah he pranked me on his
camera I'm gonna take a SIM card so like
comment share and subscribe and like me
and my beautiful family always safe back
more videos peace
