hi Lexi how are you oh we love you oh
thank you so much for being a part of
the ACE family we saw you cop submerge
so we wanted to give you a call
guys we are currently picking a new
number and babba is currently eating
Cheerios good okay so while we're
waiting for a moment to find a number
can you show the ACE family your teeth
tell them you almost got your full teeth
in guys she almost has all of her teeth
and I'm so excited
wait it's actually making me sad because
she's growing up so fast
she's from Florida hopefully she's not
at work my la hold the phone now hold
the phone give me your face time hold it
you're the kid
no what are you doing oh because you
guys caught some merch so that's how we
have your numbers yeah say hi hi baby
say hi wow that's so crazy
hello can we talk to her nice family
members she said enough it's our family
let us talk to her right now
you're selfish she's having the phone l
want you all to herself so if you guys
are confused on what's going on right
now Catherine I are facetiming some of
our 8th family members that have copped
or merged we have been doing this all
weekend long guys yes and guys by the
way we were calling from my grandma's
phone so please don't call her back
she'll be upset even though she loves
you guys she'll be upset did you do that
exhale good yeah this is like the only
time you should answer a stranger's face
so if you get a call from a random
number should answer alright guys so
some people don't have face time sorry
hi can you hear us it's the ace family
ah it's the ace family here we love you
we try to FaceTime you but I don't think
your phone has FaceTime oh that's okay
we can still talk on here oh so sorry
I'm so sorry no we will make it quick
okay
we'll make it quick we don't want you to
get fired okay well we appreciate you
for for stopping some murders and being
a part of our family
bye have a good day so we realize that
not everyone has FaceTime so we will
also talk to you on the phone right can
that I have one
oh you share that's one thing about this
beautiful baby right here she loves to
share I appreciate that about you baby
you know that I appreciate that
Hey nice to meet you
what are you doing on this beautiful
Sunday afternoon so we are still doing
giveaway as you guys know from our last
vlog tomorrow is actually the day that
we pick five random winners to win
$1,000 we're so excited do your that
woody what are you doing what did you do
what do you do are you smiling oh my
goodness huh what did you do a lively
bear bear you try to get more Cheerios
when I told you no more Cheerios well
you're supposed to clean it up daddy
told you no Cheerios you want go timeout
you do that's how you know you ain't
never been a tomboy you say yes come on
let's go timeout come on mmm she really
wants a good time now never do you even
know what timeout is okay let's go
timeout let's go upstairs I'm holding
you going to timeout what type of baby
says yes the timeout where is it timeout
me can you fit in that chair no you
don't deserve to be next to Theodore
let's put you in this corner you have to
think about what you did okay
time
yeah excuse me I don't think this is
working very well you can tell you their
bedtime oh yeah okay how about you got a
timeout with your baby
timeout with your baby okay so you're
not you're not really alone okay good
timeout okay think about what you did
and then mommy and daddy will be back
later okay you stay here for about how
long do babies get time off for a bit
okay she said no guys obviously this is
a joke but sooner or later she's gonna
sit there and think about what the hell
she did but she too smart she might
might leave it all sudden she'd be gone
yeah three more seconds like okay three
more seconds left
excuse me excuse me what did I bet what
did that Dan say what is that Neutron
ignore down there
excuse me excuse me
tuck it you you go go timeout signal L
downstairs you told me you wanted to go
to timeout dad dad told you no more
Cheerios and you spilt the entire box
you went in the pantry by yourself and
got the Cheerios and Feltham everywhere
that's not what excuse me
alright guys so before we continue
today's video do you guys know we're
gonna be doing in tomorrow's video
alright let's talk a little bit about
real quick so as you guys know Katherine
and I will be picking a few ace family
members to sleep over our new house and
in order to have a chance to sleep over
all you got to do is show love watch our
videos like comment share and subscribe
and that's it it's not easy I'm not sure
if you guys can tell but right now I am
in one of the rooms
then ace family member will be sleeping
in don't judge us cuz Katherine and I
still have some furniture coming in as
of right now we only have a blanky and
some sheets so whoever stays in this
room
will have this amazing view
mm-hmm-hmm-hmm and also a stuffed animal
with ell written on it so tomorrow's
vlog running grab some comforters and
some extra pillows for you guys so you
can feel comfortable and I hope we have
some soap and shampoo in here I don't
think we do so we'll definitely have to
get some more of that so now on to the
next room where another ace fam member
will be staying and this room is
upstairs this room was a little bit
bigger but I do like the view in the
other room if you look across from the
room you guys will have another amazing
view with a love sack and you guys will
be staying in here uh-huh uh-huh like I
said there's just sheets and a couple
blankets right now but tomorrow we're
gonna have some comforters
we're gonna make it look official so you
guys can feel comfortable and you guys
also have a street view as well and
every room has a bathroom in the shower
so you have to worry about being stinky
so yeah who's excited if you're excited
give this video a thumbs up right now
honestly has always been a dream of ours
for some of you to be able to sleep over
and actually spend some quality time
with us it's not easy but Catherine I'm
always trying to show our appreciation
for you guys whether it's something
little or something big like I mentioned
a plan for tomorrow's vlog is to go out
shopping so we can be prepared for some
of you guys to come over and we're gonna
go out on this balcony and together we
are going to scream
a family by the way I'm not sure if you
guys can tell but patty has a flat tire
I'm not sure if you guys can tell but
she's leaning a little bit to the left
so I'm not sure what happened so yeah I
don't know what happened I'm not sure if
a hungry rabbit bit the tire or our
gardener was upset and took his anger
out on the tire I don't know what
happened so as you can see patty is
leaning a little bit to the left because
at this time is flat oh it's this tire
all patty I'm so sorry I am so sorry oh
man oh man damn I didn't think it was
that bad I'm sorry patty I'm gonna take
you in soon and get you fixed okay baby
okay guys Katherine and I have lived
here for almost a month now we did not
realize that we had to lemon trees down
here there's a lemon tree over there and
a lemon tree right here let's see if we
can grab some I want to show you guys
but I'm with my Gucci flip-flops and
there's no way I'm walking down the hill
maybe I'll go around my girls doing yeah
but they go show the acmr lemon tree so
if you come down here you can walk all
the way around I've been wanting to ride
my dirt bike over here - all right so
the lemon tree is right here so here's
one of them see there's a bunch of them
guys
one right there one right there I don't
think they're done yet they need to sit
out a little longer but they're here
which is cool I guess we got to shop for
any more lemons and then there's another
one right over here does it have as a
mini on it
but they're they're pretty cool these
socks they're so cute Oh baby look how
cute that is I'll do it to see what
we're going for Black Friday Wow okay so
we got you these slippers that you
already saw and wore yesterday we got
these little shoes that kind of look
like converse shoes you like those we
got these little gap socks mind you guys
we went shopping for a lot us we always
go shopping brown we got this little
poncho that's super cute we got these
pants I love those it's a matching set
with this this is so cute
and then we got these little pajama sets
gasp daddy loves when you see 30% off or
80% off daddy love that oh this is cute
mm-hmm cute thank you probably on your
new shoes and finally we got this little
blue dress my favorite for cute do you
like a baby you gonna try it on do you
wanna try it on wait let me help you
with the buttons so L is growing so much
literally every other week so it's kind
of hard to maintain all the clothes that
she already has because we kind of have
to like give it away to other people and
stuff so we should get the outfit she's
wearing this is from I don't know it's
like this random store at the mall put
these sandals on for dendup please I
want to see what they look like on you
too cute alright guys so Catherine went
to go put L to sleep and sorry we
haven't been posting last few days we
just been super busy with our merch and
spending some holiday time with family
but just know in the month of December
the ace family will be doing vlogmas yes
I repeat we will be doing vlogmas you
don't know of log misses vlogmas is
posting a vlog every day in a month of
december I don't know I'm gonna be
honest I've never been a fan of vlogmas
for some reason I feel like if we post
everyday
you guys can ease
be annoyed but I swear cats have been
telling me every day we have to do it we
have to do it so of course I have to
listen to my queen so yes we're gonna be
doing vlogmas so stay tuned for that and
don't forget about tomorrow's video we
are shopping for some of you guys and if
you haven't yet cop some a family march
make sure you do that link will be in
the description WWE shop aclu cop
somewhere to join the family and
obviously before we close out this video
we do have to give our pulse
notifications shoutout to who minute oh
she's not here hold on let me get this
one let me get this our pulse
notification shoutout today goes to
Charles Jackson shoutout to you bro
thank you so much for being a part of
the A's family and having our pulse
notifications turned on whoever else
would like a pulse indications shout out
all you got to do is subscribe today's
family turn on our pulse notifications
and comment when done obviously if you
like this video you've got to give it a
thumbs up like comment share and
subscribe and like me and my beautiful
family that's not here at the moment
always say we'll be back with more
videos peace
