hey welcome back to our channel guys
what's going on everybody so I just want
to start off by saying that we've had a
very interesting morning and the reason
why is because I woke up with a huge
Naughton back in my hair I put coconut
oil conditioner everything like to try
to detangle it and it literally is like
this huge knot which means later on in
today's video I will be cutting it off
and it's a lot of hair on the positive
side
Kathir I have bought the biggest
Christmas tree of all time ever it is so
big that we had to hire someone to come
in and design it for us she should
actually be here in a few we cannot show
you guys a Christmas tree just yet
because it's not completely done
hopefully it's done by the end of the
day you guys should see it in tomorrow's
video so now for the really exciting
news something we've been wanting to
share with you guys for the longest we
have been working extremely hard on our
merch we're so happy to say that we have
a revamped our entire website as you
guys know we had to shut down our entire
website for a couple weeks because we
just weren't happy with it now we can
honestly say that our merch is
definitely going in the right direction
and we finally have like an ace family
store so we do want to mention something
a lot of you guys been asking a lot of
questions and we do want to say that
basically the ace family you know we
have grown so much we've grown
tremendously within the past year and a
half and to be honest our manufacturers
weren't able to handle our growth and
you guys so we have a completely new
team that's enough talking about it
let's let the ace family see it for
themselves guys right now go check out
our new merch the link will be in the
description and we also got a new domain
WWH family com it's Lily right here and
the link will be in our description go
click on the link and come back to our
video and comment what your favorite
pieces so hopefully you all enjoy the
new merch so merch will be dropping on
Friday at noon so stay tuned for that
with that being said we just want to let
you guys know that we are super excited
for you guys to be rockin ace and style
yes alright guys so I think the
designers here for the tree so we're
gonna give you guys a little sneak peek
real quick
alright rre that's all you guys get to
see as you guys can see there are
ornaments on top of ornaments boxes on
top of boxes just so much holiday stuff
over here oh man it's gonna be a
beautiful Christmas we also have these
stockings al this is for you
this one's for my baby
and this one's for Dad there we go
gonna put them in order Hey so I want to
show you guys one of my favorite pieces
Santa Claus careful no don't hurt Sam no
he's cool he's so cool
well look at Santa oh look it's a man
look so L guess in a hug get my hug if
you want presents this year well as you
guys can see this is one of my favorite
pieces right here
Santa's about to come bring his gifts
he's actually pretty damn cool not sure
where we're gonna put them so now we
have two clauses this is the one Austin
picked out and this is the one I picked
that which one do you guys like better
hey which one do you like better
what and this is elf favorite piece
who you texting bro so as you guys can
see we do have some new furniture that
just came in the other day which means
Babette we have a few more pieces that
should be coming in any day which means
tell them as a matter of fact we are
picking people as we speak and now it's
time to cut Catherine's hair she was so
hurt this morning when she found out
there was a nine-hour air and I'm not
gonna lie the night it's pretty big
watch him what to ask if she's ready for
me to cut her hair she's gonna be
hesitate watch baby come here
are you ready for me to cut your hair
you wanna show a family Oh nobody's
kissing me oh my baby
guys look at this look at this not oh
you did this like Kathryn mentioned she
has done everything in the book to get
this out and it's just not happening so
it's so oh that it's like blurry and
won't even it won't even like focus in
on the knot so it has to be cut let's do
it
do you want to tell them how you did
that you want to tell them guys how did
you do it L was the one who actually did
it so you know those brushes you used to
clean your face with those Clarisonic
type brushes well yesterday I almost
dream my hair in the floor I'll decided
to put it in my hair Missy and that was
the end result and that was a result and
I didn't even notice until this morning
so I literally get out of the shower
brush my hair and then realize that I
had this huge knot in there I put
coconut oil conditioner literally any
type of oils you name it and it
literally just made it worse so so now
daddy's gonna cut it let's go
all right bad bear cranky ready and
before you guys within the comments
talking about all these remedies are
not to cut my hair and save it just know
I literally tried everything and there's
nothing nothing going through this
nothing and you know it's always good to
have a little bit of change but I'm a
fixer I'm a stylist all right I got you
I got you yes yeah they go they can see
it they can see it now Alexia oh no it
has to be done right like right of
course of course
Oh actually put it through the knot so
that maybe you can save some here so
pretty much you don't want me to make
you look like a chicken hand yes okay
okay okay oh my god oh I do it like you
know how people salon do it
there you go actually save some hair but
not I did it right through my say oh
sure yeah but it blends in
oh hey family your boys assignments hey
yeah slide of my demons look yeah maybe
that's so much cotton candy tail let me
see that little piece doesn't like me
that much hair that is a lot of hair
what are you doing don't flush it I
wouldn't make a wish
what oh hey oh no that's some weird shit
father I wish to live your new hairstyle
what are you trying to show us huh what
do you what do you want come on pick one
to bring downstairs what what are you
trying to what are you trying to show us
baby
I think she's your baby up here your
baby's downstairs you will go giddy okay
come on you better get your baby
oh that is him okay ready
you know how to do it good job good job
good job
dang
dang they left on your baby oh there's
your baby you happy you another baby no
like four oh yeah like Rayna tell mama
you want another Sibley tell mama guys
is so much harder to get pregnant that
people think I gonna be honest
Katherine I have been trying probably
for the past six months and it's not
easy and we honestly believe that God is
gonna give us whatever's meant to be we
want all to have a little sibling closer
we do look at her give you baby kiss are
you gonna put in a name go put in a name
you put your baby night-night
where's a blanket yeah blankie here's a
blanket oh man I good job baby well yes
I guess you're suffocating him oh no
you're suffocating there you go
what uh-oh that was a quick nap that was
a quick nap okay you're gonna give the
baby milk now milk okay go ahead I know
we don't really share certain personal
things with you guys but I just want you
guys to know that we are trying to grow
our family so whether it's tomorrow
they're my babies pregnant or it's five
years from now whatever God has planned
for us at his time is what's meant to be
but when that does happen we're gonna be
so excited to share that journey with
all of you so stay tuned because daddy's
trying no no no don't turn on the monkey
no don't do it
oh no you want me to love the monkey
like you oh I don't like to thank you
let me see but that monkey is annoying
you like it you can hear that she's
dying oh yeah oh you hear yes you didn't
have the baby dance to look-look waste
family this is why we need another kid
like imagine Elle with another sibling
what do you happy
wonder why your Jeep okay let's go oh
you know how to get in okay go ahead get
in
that's that desk this is yours you get
in the Jeep
come on get in what all the leaves you
want daddy to clean it out for you okay
I see you girl I see you oh you want
daddy to get it
okay dad that's gonna get into okay that
is in can only fit a leg in okay I'm
Chuck dang you pulling me in and I can
only fit half Maggie yeah guys I want to
show you the cutest thing this morning I
throw out of the shower it was doing my
hair I swear it looked like she was
really trying to take it serious too
let's see if she'll do it again baby one
your daddy's hair Wow
momma's gonna go get a brush first you
gonna do Dennis here okay okay
she loves thank you babe there you go al
okay so while my baby cleans the house a
little bit since we are hosting
Thanksgiving tomorrow L is gonna do my
hair thank you babe
really good job you don't want to use
this comb either no okay good job
okay you know what you're doing all
right you got to get both sides
good job you're Dennis here oh you want
to use this one now using use it too
well I think I've never seen that before
is that okay if you use too huh
you're just getting one side that way
and you're looking at the birds what are
you doing you're not you're not paying
attention you you're trying to do my
hair while looking at the birds
excuse me can you think that as hair we
have a little family get-together
tomorrow I can't look nice
hey there you go get around it good
good job I bet you do really good wow
it's a really nice hairstyle good job
so how much is it for this design it
better be for free hell is it for free
no it's not for free yeah okay so how
much are you
how much do I owe you give it are you
done I'm not sure what's taking so long
to do what you're doing I think that's
good it's good okay okay okay um I have
another appointment to go to okay so I
gotta go okay bye bye oh you're not done
okay okay I'm sorry but I kinda have to
go and I'm gonna be honest I'm really
not happy with this this hairstyle so uh
can you let me be okay all right bye bye
thank you smile all right now dad that
has to actually fix his hair cuz it
looks crazy
okay why you try to get the stairs with
a baby in your hand huh you got it good
job ha ha one year old climbing up the
stairs can I show you the view look look
at the view at this time of the day look
at the view baby Wow
as you can see patty has front row of
the view our ace family that is it for
today's video we're about to go help the
designers finish up the tree you'll
understand why we had a designer come in
and help us with this tray because it is
huge and since this is our first
official Christmas in our own home we
wanted to make sure that the tree was
going to look amazing so make sure you
stay tuned for that in tomorrow's video
and obviously you got to stay tuned for
our new merch that is dropping Friday at
noon like we said if you weren't
listening in the beginning of the video
go check out the merchants website and
comment below what your favorite item is
on the site can I tell them what my
favorite one is which one's your
favorite but what the ring one and the
superfamily one the ring
superfamilies though I'm literally
obsessed with all of them excited to be
able wear our own merch in every video
and if we're annoying we're gonna
apologize now because you guys might get
sick and tired of us always talking
about our March so amazing all the
designs like we did a really good job
for this it's gonna be really cool yeah
and not to mention on the actual website
it is gonna say our favorite ones it's
gonna say my favorite one Austin's and
Al's favorite ones so you guys can kind
of get a like an idea of what to get if
you guys are like looking for our
opinions so thank you for everyone who
tuned in as always so before we close
out our video we do have to give our
postal vacation shout out to do baby so
tonight's post notifications shoutout
goes to two very special twin sisters
and you and Manju so shout out to you
guys shout out to girls thank you so
much for having our post on vacations
and being part of the ACE family whoever
else like a postal vacation shout out
all you gotta do is subscribe to the ACE
family turn on our post notifications
and comment when done oh I almost forgot
in next video not only are we showing
you guys our huge Christmas tree we also
have a big surprise for you guys
huge surprise for you guys you guys are
gonna be really really excited when you
hear what we're doing obviously if you
like this video you've got to give it a
thumbs up like comment share and
subscribe and like me and my beautiful
Queen and where you go so like me Emma
there you are that's a little creature
it's like me and my beautiful family
always say we're back with more videos
peace
