don't exist in my life these days now
what the hell hey what are you going
what
alright guys looks like Katherine got up
super early this morning to go get some
donuts even though I think that was an
excuse just driving Lambo she got it for
me so I can't I can't complain not but
on the serious note guys I just want to
thank all of you for all your love and
support in our previous video it truly
means a lot that you guys are genuinely
happy for us Katherine knows that
thanked her several times but thank you
again babe for surprising me with my
dream car
I truly appreciate it and thank you to
everyone else who helped us out with the
video and the process and big shout out
to Fang over at the Beverly Hills
Lamborghini dealership it was a process
but you made it happen my man thank you
so much and Katherine was not
over-exaggerated when she said buying a
Lamborghini was a process guys it
literally was a process like after she
surprised me we had to go back to the
dealership to finish up paperwork to
make sure my name was under the car now
the long process is finally complete and
I'm still speechless like I don't know
what to say so now let's uh get into
today's video but with a smile alright
guys so before Katherine gets back make
sure you follow us on Instagram like I
know we haven't been consistent lately
cuz we've been having a lot going on but
I promise you we're gonna get back on it
and be more consistent and hopefully
have some cool photos for you guys to
like please don't mind my crack phone
LoZ me a new one but as you can see my
Instagram is Austin McBroom my
daughter's Instagram is L II ll e we're
trying to get her to a million followers
she's only one years old and my Queens
Instagram is right there
give her a little sexy has to follow too
so yeah just spam us and uh we're gonna
spam you back you think I'm playing huh
but I think guys L is obsessed with this
dancing monkey
okay good hey hey can you stop pressing
the blender what is she doing what is
that over there what is it that what
does that thing right there
ah no no over there
right right over there what is that over
there see you over there go get that
thing
oh yay you found it
okay cool what are you looking for
there's a monkey yeah oh my gosh is this
what the whole video is gonna consist of
al dancing with the monkey look Oh baby
dances with monkey is that the caption
for this video
well guys the video has been changed as
of right now so scratch what we had
planned we're gonna get Elle reacting to
the Lambo yes it broke yes please we
broke me
what is it broke no today's video was
supposed to be Elle reacting to the
Lambo since she didn't get a chance to
react to it or be inside or really check
it out she was obviously around I'm
assuming when Catherine bought it right
so she hasn't really got to react to it
so that's what next video will consist
of so stay tuned for next video but
today it looks like we're just gonna
have a lot of fun in the house and we
have a lot of things to talk about with
you guys so uh are you okay what you
just got aggressive all of a sudden what
the hell it's broke okay let's put the
monkey away okay let's put the monkey
away and start filming you don't want to
oh god babe eh how about the monkey took
a nap a night-night okay let's put the
monkey asleep put the monkey night-night
good job good job not putting the
blanket good job baby now let it go
night-night gonna put it night-night
good job put it okay good job leave it
alone
huh gonna kiss give me kiss okay good
job okay I'll go play go play go play
with other puppy ace family does anybody
know where this dog is from yeah oh the
puppies right there - you got all type
of puppies goddamn you got one two three
a four baby
what bro let the monkey sleep thank you
thank you okay dee door so big he's
hiding you you can barely see you over
there yo does anybody remember when I
got the door for Katherine
if you remember that you're a really hip
member was so long ago oh yeah
oh I'll hugging Theodore - you love to
eat I remember when Daddy pranked you at
the adorn Wow you love to eat or he said
hi
hey good knuckle knuckle hey now that we
got the monkey take it nap hopefully we
get this vlog underway so as you all
know my beautiful Queen over here
surprised me with my dream car a brand
new Lamborghini yesterday so if you
haven't seen the video go check it out
it's our last video and I'm still
speechless and I'm beyond thankful hello
hello Catherine wants to say something
to you guys no so what I was gonna say
was people tend to be very opinionated
and it's kind of tricky filming videos
like that and we know that it seems like
you don't care oh no no no please don't
wake a monkey up so yeah if people tend
to be very opinionated and very negative
when it comes to like you know talking
about your success and talking about
things you're getting sad because the
world has come to a place where people
can't really be happy for other people's
success and so being able to see that on
our channel is so refreshing and
uplifting and amazing and it makes us
want to continue doing what we do and
inspire people and we can't thank you
guys enough obviously has it his family
is super positive and it's so amazing
and I know all of you will succeed in
life
and all of you will go to very very far
places so I just want to say not to you
guys do you love the ACE family oh yeah
they're really nice people huh they
support you yeah so as of right now we
have Shelby which is Katherine's Jeep we
have Patti which is the golf cart and we
have max which is the Camaro and Max has
been there since day one literally day
one he was there back in college when
Katherine was pregnant like he's been
there since day one and I feel kind of
bad because yesterday on my snapchat I
was filming me inside the Lambo and he
was right beside us and I know he was
jealous so so R after I'm done talking
you guys I'm going give him some
attention so I don't feel as bad
recently Katherine and I got a mini dirt
bike in a mini quad and we
you guys see so I love you guys because
whenever we ask you guys questions you
guys always have answers so we asked you
guys what we should name the mini dirt
bike in the mini quad and you guys came
up with the name we Romeo and Juliet
so my mini dirt bike name is Romeo and
obviously Katherine's mini quad is named
Juliet so now we are currently trying to
come up with a name for the Lambo okay
so we're gonna come with another name
hopefully we come up with it soon it
will be a completed family one more
thing before we continue today's vlog we
do want to mention that we still are
picking the AIDS family member to a the
reason why we haven't picked someone yet
is because we still have to get our
furniture which you guys know we have
some furniture coming in this week it's
been a mission to to get it has been a
couple of weeks so we finally get it
this week so I'm gonna do that and then
we have a surprise for you we do yeah
what's that
oh the merch yes honey the merch oh yes
their merch is coming in hot it's gonna
be ready for Black Friday you guys will
understand like I'm so hyped to be able
to wear a merch every day and in a week
or so everything on the site will be
back in stock so if you go to a sac
collection dotnet in about a week or so
everything will be there and so you guys
were able to get your a sale emerge and
be a part of the family you mean a book
baby you know the books backwards right
there you go okay okay
guys Kathryn came home the other day so
excited because she found this
it is cute I must admit it is cute if
you had to say one thing to the ACE
family well baby tell them right there
in the camera yeah they're right there
they're listening all of us all three
million and something people hear you
what are you gonna tell them oh you want
to give them a kiss oh that's the love
you're gonna show the love you said
bye-bye
no not yet they don't want to leave yet
they want to stay right you want dad you
opened up your piano
okay go baby
so if you're wondering where I got this
piano
I had a random gift certificate from
Neiman Marcus and so I went in there and
I looked at the kids section and I saw
this piano and I was like okay we have
to have this this is so mean and plus I
want L to learn an instrument so maybe
she'll learn the piano or something like
that
okay
wow I'm so glad I got this for her
I'll look can I put it together baby's a
natural random fat guys I used to play
the piano when I was little oh it's home
for the chair yeah yeah
Oh what got screws issue gonna build the
chair oh nice what well you gotta be
careful building the chair cuz you don't
her to fall there we go so you need me
besides you she does 100% that I'm sure
you're gonna try to sit on it so oh no
were you supposed to do that first oh no
oh no I hire people to do this for us
what's wrong
there's something there good in life and
some things you just aren't you doesn't
need it no she doesn't need it
please Austin can you can you just put
the size in please and it'll look much
prettier to be there please cute more
simple no I gotta do everything alright
guys quick commercial break you back
soon
alright guys this is finally complete as
you can see it looks perfect so nice so
nice I'll do the honors and said Dom iam
wood before you sit down and play with
it we gotta hit the ass in the montage
montage for the piano okay we go
go ahead and sit down
good job you need help you know how to
sit down there we go Wow
Wow very good job clap it up clap it up
yay good job
you're a pro already like it we need to
get you some lessons we can learn she
says she don't need no lessons mom this
isn't real one but much more real
Kenickie
mommy knows how huh
mommy's a pro okay you ready to put on a
show
you ready can you put on the show oh
damn
okay Dell that was it
dang that was a quick show clap it up
say bye to your audience way to him say
bye
can you interact with your audience it's
pretty cool bye say bye see you next
time say bye all right guys everybody
give a round of applause to L lively
McBroom very talented one-year-old piano
player her next show will be at the Los
Angeles forum 8 p.m. December 21st
be there you go see you too okay
youtubers daddy I'll stay here and count
you guys go hide I'll find you guys
alright alright Cal until what I usually
count to what are usually people count
to 15 by the time I done you gonna just
now be leaving the roof iMac outside
twenty-five black down backwards overdue
I can't it's been so long since I played
how you'll see why Joe actually I think
it's backwards 25 24 23 22 21 forty
thirty twelve my lap ten nine eight
seven six five four three two one here I
come dad that's coming mm-hmm I wonder
where they went
which way should I go guys left all
right I'm thinking left something's
telling me they went
by the way guys these are our new love
sacks as you can see we still have to
form them they looking like broccoli
right now so yeah where did they go
damn it getcha hmm where did they go oh
you know what I can do I got a plan I
got a plan
where's the monkey
you guys gonna hide in the secret room I
haven't even showed the ACM in this room
yet baby I knew that was gonna work I
knew that was gonna work a RS and now
you guys have to find me okay
Oh actually wait I'll hide with l2 so
you have to come find us out here whole
days families one two three four five
six seven eight nine ten fourteen
fifteen sixteen seventeen eighteen
nineteen twenty five oh wait let me get
the monkey he took the monkey
with the heart that he tricked me
where are you I heard ah where are you
you to love you
I thought you into the garage you
tricked me
yeah all right guys we're about to go in
our backyard fingers crossed
we've been having a heater off for about
three days now yeah you're crazy for
that Oh what is it really
oh my god it's warm don't don't hide me
oh I'll really jump in right now hey is
it really warm let's jump in
all right guys want to close out this
video and enjoy our new swimming pool
today so thank you for all for tuning in
as always before we close out our video
we do have to give our pulse
notification shut out - whoo babe it
today's personification shout out goes
to Carlin one one twenty so shout to you
girl thank you so much for having our
post indications turned on whoever else
would like a post on vacation shout out
all you got to do is subscribe to the
A's family turn on our post
notifications and comment and obviously
if you like this video you've got to
give it a thumbs up like comment share
and subscribe and like me and my
beautiful family always say
