someone told me never saw
they don't exist in my life these days
but you showed me if I
just find the fit I need to believe
anything is possible if you wanna pass
hi Tess your limit
oh I can see I'm sorry all the ducks out
there yeah yeah why do you say it like
that yeah yeah we're the Ducks were they
are they out there huh I don't see um
doesn't look like they're out there
today they might have found another home
do they find a new home no you did it I
don't want to talk to go anywhere I want
them to stay right here so are you
excited for today
guess what today do you know what today
is do you know what today do you know
today you get to see your sibling you
get to see your baby brother a baby
sister all right family so before we get
into today's video if you didn't get a
chance to see our last video I'm gonna
fill you guys in the ACE family will be
hosting a basketball charity event in
June yes ace family it's going down and
June me Austin McBroom will be going up
against two opponents the first opponent
will be a one-on-one competition the
second opponent will be a three-point
contest each opponent allowed to put up
$50,000 since I'm playing against two
opponents I have to put up $100,000 that
$50,000 will go to a charity of the
winner's choice along with the ticket
sales so obviously each opponent will
bring out their support system hopefully
the ace family doesn't buy up all the
tickets we're gonna definitely sell out
an arena even though I just made the
announcement of this challenge
I am already working on all the
logistics I already see you guys
suggesting a ton of people so for the
next couple of days I really got to do
my research so make sure you guys keep
commenting and referring people who you
want to see me go against I'm super
excited to see what you guys want me to
go against and I'll be announcing my two
opponents in a few weeks sometime
in early April once I do announce my two
opponents you guys will also be updated
with location where to purchase your
tickets ticket prices and all that good
stuff
and we're just gonna make this one fun
exciting height memorable huge even so
who's ready to come through are you
ready to say it alright 1 2 3 hey did
you say a family today is a very
exciting day does anyone know why okay
so today we're going to be doing our
second ultrasound but this ultrasound is
really special to us because we are
going to be able to hear the heartbeat
of the baby and see our baby for the
first time and actually see our baby so
the first time I don't know if you guys
saw that video but it was kind of too
early to really see the baby and so in
this video today I'm going to be a lot
further along so I'll be able to see
more of a baby see the heartbeat or near
the heartbeat and just see how many
weeks I am so if you guys are ready to
see a new member to our family give this
video a thumbs up right now oh here
she's gonna look so cute gonna look like
a little teddy bear
alright guys we're gonna meet you over
at the hospital don't be late
all right ace family we are now here at
the hospital and we are about to see our
baby for the first time are we having
twins
we are ya what makes you say that
what happen - it's really really girls I
didn't know that boys or girls boys boys
boys okay little boys yes but no on the
serious note we were really about to
find out if we're having twins or not
today so have you thought of a name for
your brother or sister yeah I wear that
their name what's their name if you have
a brother what would be his name why are
you so nan out right now so if you have
a brother what would be his name no you
don't want a brother you want to you
want a sister you don't want a sister
okay so you want twins you want twins
you do ace family you should already
know it doesn't matter what we have as
long as our baby is healthy that's the
only thing that matters huh
we have to wait for the doctor the
doctor is gonna come in and we're gonna
see the baby on the ultrasound oh you
want to show that he's family the
sticker you got ooh that's cool the
nurse gave it to you yeah
all right guys Jonathan you ready all
right let me turn the screen towards you
guys thank you
go with it cuz you're being oh my god
you can see the heartbeat there yes oh
my god
so let me just UCL it's almost gonna I'm
gonna measure the length of the baby
okay it's called the crown room yeah I'm
gonna take a few measurements here
if you can see actually he remains is
back on them you can see the arms here
yeah honey they're all right so let's
take a second Regiment
you can see this there's a link right
there
so we're going to take the average of
these three measurements here okay
alright so we can want to hear the
heartbeat yes you guys ready
underneath 71 that's totally normal for
this gestational age okay
alright so that's it I'm just gonna take
a look at your ovaries make sure there's
no these yes or masses okay so one less
of you your official today is going to
be October 19th 2000 it's me hey yeah so
you have a little bundle to take out for
Halloween so that makes her a Libra whoa
guys I think that solves the big mystery
the ace family is not having twins looks
like there's only one so Austin's saying
he can barely hold Elvie because she
weighs wasn't through five phones
no no she literally just weighs 25 yes
No
a family before we head home I just want
to say something our pregnancy is a very
special moment for us and the fact that
we get to share it with all of you makes
it that much more special so I just want
to say thank you to all of you for
always being there for us I'm sure you
guys don't understand how much we
appreciate it but just know we really do
appreciate it and we can never thank you
guys enough for all the love and support
that you give us all right that's enough
that's enough before I get all emotional
and back to the house so we just
got back to the house and I will be
honest with you guys I've been seeing
quite a few people step up to the plate
but I've also seen quite a few people
stay quiet I mean I can't blame you
I mean at the end of the day no one
should really be scared money all right
ace family we're gonna go ahead and
close out today's video right here let's
go get some shots up you told me to
practice yeah yes get buckets
is that a gonna win yeah so thank you
all for tuning in as always before we
close off today's video we do have to
give our pulse notification shout out to
who signs the rabbits okay let's close
out the video okay okay so our poll
syndication shout-out goes to who baby
today's posted a vacation shout-out goes
to Jade VJ den so shout out Jade a shot
to you J thank you so much for being
part of the ACE family
do we love Jade yeah yeah whoever else
like pulse notification shout out all
you gotta do is subscribe today's family
hit that subscribe button turn on our
post notifications hit that Bell button
once you do those two things just
comment done and obviously if you liked
today's video you've got to give it a
thumbs up give it a thumbs up if you
guys are excited for our gender-reveal
by the way guys we have really special
plans for that day so like comment share
and subscribe and like me and my
beautiful family always say we'll be
back with more videos say peace
