does anyone want breakfast okay
guys whenever you order food our tickets
ago you must always check your food
before you leave because they'll get you
so there's been times where I'm starving
i order food take it to go I get all the
way home in my bed with my toes out
hungry as hell I take my food out and
they leave out one of my favorite signs
and then I'm sad and I go to sleep sad
no one wants to go to sleep sad so
people please check your food before you
get home thank me later damn is anybody
home hi beautiful look at this fine
piece of let me show you what I got
mm-hmm
oh my gosh mmm delicious
there's my beautiful baby hey good
morning you want food you hungry you're
hungry here how come I'll put you in
your chair okay okay where's the serum I
guess is that milk is it that looks
delicious whatever it oh we can't forget
about the cheesy eggs we delicious baby
delicious you happy alright guys so I
purchased something yesterday that I've
been wanting for a long time now
especially when I found out we were
moving into this house and if you don't
already know I'm one big-ass kid I'd
love to enjoy life I love to have fun
and I just do whatever makes me happy
and honestly I just don't care what
people think though whenever I go out
and purchase something I always put my
girls first and I have like an obsession
of getting them things that they don't
already have
so yesterday I obviously got me
something that I've been wanting for a
while and I also had to get my Queen
something as well and now that we have
our own house and a backyard and just a
lot of space just to have fun
these things are dope and Catherine
isn't really into stuff like this but I
think she'll like this alright guys so
this is what I got me a gift to me and
you don't understand how long I've been
wanting one of these these are so much
fun it's a mini dirt bike and of course
I couldn't get myself one without
getting my Queen something that is dope
right a mini pink four-wheeler how dope
is that yo I hope she likes it where are
my girls I got a surprise for my BAE BAE
yeah
you guys ready to go see uh surprise
maybe come on let's go outside
come on tell you Alice I
let's go sign whoa whoa aggressive much
as a good sign
come on my girls it's not a puppy it's
not a puppy
come on or is it a puppy it's just a
little some some you know none big just
a little some some come this way walking
all right stand like right there all
right you ready
sure is are you ready are you ready wait
which one is it
I don't wanna undo the wrong boy all
right hopefully this is the right one
here we go you ready
remember I've been telling you I've been
one that forever so I want to go get one
yesterday and of course I had to get one
for you and obviously guys I couldn't
get one for Elka's just way too
dangerous but you like it let's ride
let's ride let me take let's take them
up let's walk yeah they're mini they're
mitten they're mini size yeah I'll take
that one out I'll take this one out for
you guys yeah let's let mommy try and
ride okay
all right so hop on you look good on
that thing girl let me see you uh-huh
uh-huh uh-huh
let me let a little montage you know
music real quick cuz you don't need
music cuz he's sexy first turn the key
right there turn it off is it on yes
this okay then you're gonna press that
red button underneath you up and you're
gonna hold the brake down to sometime
there you go
hey hey damn she's moving this girl is
crazy crazy
you forgot your baby here
she must have ride too what the heck she
is crazy for real hey baby what's the
ride you guys go slow you guys go very
slow okay go slow my baby come on don't
run to the house now oh my god oh look
at my girls
this looks like to fun I gotta get
on my dirt bike do you think so huh
pretty good give me some both my girls
give me some knuckles knuckles yeah just
turn the key to turn it off
now it's time for daddy to trial his
hold it better take it off
it looks so small compared to what the
hell you're so fast
this view right here looks amazing be
careful please be careful oh my gosh I'm
gonna take the eight family with me way
on Ohama do this hold on put y'all here
this is kind of crazy
oh this is great there's no way this is
gonna hold I think we're good
Oh shit's not gonna work you see how
much fun we're having out here and not
only did I get these gadgets for us but
I also got them because when our ace
family members spend the night they get
to ride them too guys don't forget we're
still inviting a few ace family members
to spend the night we're gonna have an
ace family sleepover so make sure you
watch our videos like comment share and
subscribe all right so let's park these
babies back where they go so you like
them are they part of the family
what are their names
so what are their names
we should guys comment below what you
think we should name our new toys
Austin's as a boy and mine as a girl
guys I'm not sure if you guys saw my
snapchat of the day but I almost had a
heart attack because my baby made her
first basket my dreams have come true I
don't even need a boy no more baby you
want to show that you scare me how you
make a basket let's show them baby if
you make this first try daddy will get
you some candy
first try do it first drive make it Hey
look at me you want some candy
what what in my pocket I don't handle
candy in there you want candy okay I get
you candy oh I got the perfect candy
which one is the Sowers one thing is
yellow right it's a yellow or green
I got the kid right I got the candies
sit on the couch thank you baby
yeah did this one give it that one this
was for you there you go that was for
you which one do you want what you have
which one you want what the other
freaking sour one extreme how am I gonna
tell her no no this is a good test of it
she's a real candy I don't like daddy
she's gonna think it's hella sour but at
the same time she's gonna like it open
one for her yummy yummy put in your
mouth but you know I want to bite it
though can we bite it you're putting
your mouth with that you don't want you
don't want it think she knows look you
try open this honestly isn't that sour
you said what
fimo this baby is extremely smart she
knows something going on
beam up mmm yummy hmm I told you guys
he's gonna think it's sour but she's
gonna like it eat it eat it you can do
it good job
I'll be honest baby I try to get you are
you too smart for dead that he's so
smart she very licinus she's like very
sour baby you're just gonna hold in your
hand all day can you lick it one more
time lick it one more time so good you
go safe right there it's right there
there's the ball
you're gonna make another shot that's my
girl that's my girl
what dreams that came true yeah can
daddy try a day try one oh thank you
candy this is for my girls you ready you
ready here it goes Oh mommy's turn is it
a family thing so before we close out
today's video I want to talk to you guys
about something there has been several
people that Katherine I have talked to
friends family ace family members from
what you guys have told us you guys are
very hesitant and starting your own
YouTube channel because that's probably
like the number one question we get is
how do you start your own YouTube
channel you guys are nervous about it
doing well don't really know what
content to film which is all very normal
and Kathy and I aren't ones to preach
about how to do this and how to do that
there's honestly no right way to start
your own YouTube channel
you just lost your camera and start
recording yourself honestly the hardest
thing about it is just starting
obviously you getting used to being in
front of the camera and talking takes
time but once you just start you're
going to get used to it doesn't cost you
anything that's obviously have to buy a
camera to film when cath and I first
started we had the worst camera that's
probably ever been made like don't put
too much doubt in it and just start
filming literally pull out your camera
and just start recording regardless of
what you think about the content don't
put so much pressure on yourself
obviously when you first start and post
your first video it's not gonna be the
best you're gonna learn as you go and
you're gonna grow so please don't put
too much thought in it and don't be so
hesitant and just believe in yourself
and I promise you you're going to enjoy
it more and more each day I don't know I
kind of just wanted to get that off my
chest so I don't know there's so much
more Kathryn and I can get into when it
comes to a YouTube channel but I thought
I'd just share that with all of you
honestly love you guys so much and I
just want all you guys to be happy
because me being in front of the camera
right now makes me happy and I know it
makes my family happy I bet
I just had an intimate conversation with
the ACE family just now so my girls
ready to close out the video you ready
what do you eat what are you eating your
favorite Cheerios with no milk mmm
delicious delicious so thank you all for
tuning in as always before we close out
our video we do have to give our pulse
notification shout outs a little bit so
tonight's the pro certification shout
out goes to Kaitlyn and Priscilla so
shout out to you guys oh there's two
shells today shout out to you girls
thank you so much mapping our pulse
notifications turned off forever else
like a pulse on vacation all you got to
do is subscribe to the ACE family turn
on our post notifications and comment
when done don't stop your mouth so
obviously if you like this video you
gotta give a thumbs up like comment
share and subscribe and like me and my
beautiful family always safe we'll be
back with more videos peas close out
good job
