someone's overlooked things don't exist
in real life these days
to Grandma for the video filming thank
you grandma hey welcome back to our
channel guys what's going on everybody
so last night was Ryan's first night
staying at the new ACE family house and
as you guys can see that was our way of
welcoming him into our home I see you
woke up this morning feeding yourself
huh as you can see we dressed up ale as
if she about to run a marathon today you
like oh look at the little toys good
they smell good
oh you may put them back on all right
let me help you I've never seen a one
you'll put a sock on before should be
interesting so as you guys know we now
have a three car garage but we've been
so busy this past week that we did not
notice that there was a spot missing so
if you guys think you know what it is
you're probably right yes patty is
missing well she's not really missing
she's just still at her old place yeah I
guess I'm a bad parent for that but
today is the day I rescue her but of
course I can't be alone on this mission
I need someone in this house to help me
can someone please help me go to our old
place and rescue patty any volunteers
Yuko
but you know it's gonna be a mission
right how long is the enemy
wait like up the hill we have to be yeah
all the way from the department and all
the way up there yeah I know I know but
it's it's doable so let's see what
happens
wait so are you right now - yes bro we
got a hurry but I need my contact go get
him the hell you gotta be able to see
what you're doing okay so since you guys
already know I have this condition my
eyes I have to put in these up special
counter contacts and this is my kit
right here bro this is no joke my good
haul I didn't travel with this
everywhere I go it's like a like a fanny
pack your life there's my life right
here
this is no joke bro you said they love
me right at the contacts got a plunger
okay now I need my assistant I'm just
hearing on your and let me know until
when you won when you say stop that
means I'm coming up is then these things
are like plastic literally
I'm going to --blanket --blanket
--blanket --blanket --blanket going to
buy okay you're good I love it like this
you know bro you need both eyes dry
Patti Patti walking guys for those who
don't know this is Ryan Catherine's
brother he has a rare eye condition
called keratoconus and he's partially
blind but these contacts right here help
him see tremendously so he has one in
right now and he's trying to get the
other one in and this is very necessary
for us to be able to rescue Patti back
to our new house you can do it problem
keep going keep going keep going keep
going keep going keep going keep going
keep going it's on it's on you're good
oh you can see you're so beautiful look
up she looks oh my good and how precious
this is whoa bro
the view is crazy but I see this
firsthand
Wow do you even sing look at the birds
you know you know that feeling when you
get to look into the distance you can
get like this piece you know what I mean
it's like wow and it's like majestic
well so before we head out what I say
thank you to dr. Weiss thank you to dr.
Brian Walker for giving me the vision of
my life for treating my keratoconus
because you know I I just couldn't see
for years and now I get to see this
beautiful half of a beautiful nice my
beautiful brother-in-law thank you my
sister now are you ready to rescue patty
do you we're superheroes let's go to me
we'll be honest guys I feel like a bad
parent but like I let it's okay bro I
feel like I let Patti down guys so
trying abandoned for the past week and
she's been left here at our old
apartment complex and today is the day
that I make changes okay I make some
changes I'm gonna rescue her today I'm
gonna bring her back to the new ACE
family house where she belongs
let's go see how my baby's doing
please tell me you still work oh yeah
good girl bro please tell me to speak
you're still in here oh yes yes yes I
don't know the moment of truth of the
charts is it is it juiced up yeah we got
to use a simile before we go on this
journey I just want you guys to know
it's gonna be a long-ass night and I'm
not even sure if it's possible with us
anything's possible with us anything is
possible but it's a long ride and if we
don't get pulled over this America it's
a miracle
so let's make it happen bro we can't go
on this journey without music play that
shit
oh you're right all I gotta say the
whole pad you can make it all the way
there oh I just got going bro
guys this is a lot farther than we
anticipated what I mean we got a truck
wait well what we've got against the
McDonald's fries for the trip or let's
go let's do it it's not a journey
without look at all fries - can I get
two large McDonald's fries it's sweet
and sour sauce on the side okay you want
a drink - stop it
let me and let me also get two
strawberry smoothies please yep so we
got two large fries two strawberry
smoothies with a side of sweet sour
sauce and you got to subscribe today's
family
make sure you subscribe to the ace
family on YouTube just download YouTube
and press the red button yeah are you
one for me yeah we fellas listen sweets
ours in the back thank you so much you
have a great day okay
and make sure you subscribe to a family
on YouTube okay I love you oh shit
there's a cop Retreat retreat retreat
right now Retreat retreat retreat
retreat the way bro what which way Oh No
we're lost we have a problem
yeah what do we do can you move the tree
hell no you got to move it move it to
the side bro
paddy shouldn't have to go through this
bro Paddy's too beautiful for this
there's no way there's no way
go ahead just put just go really slowly
just do it Yankee come on bro there's so
much shrubbery around here
daddy won't give you watch them the
promise of in your home guys you won't
believe what just happened
I told you to keep it C charging
overnight bro bro push it
row faster though do you take turns
is this really happy to us right now I
can't believe we're doing this
I want us to can't believe we did this
I'm gonna surprise how heavy Patty and
Dean won't be so pissed as this actually
worked well how mad would you be this
actually work well I mean we try like a
whole bunch of a kid named Indian toast
Oh bro are you kidding me bro you lied
to me hey we tried everything roll we
push this shit soulful well I guess we
got a workout in fortune
now we got to put in Patty's parking
spot oh wait
now we got to put it in Patty's parking
spot oh now we got to put in Patty's
parking spot I guess I can just drive in
this as it works riot and I'm putting
finger I mean it is both of us Roy just
not a son well she deserves a new house
you guys think you want to hit the
keep it coming
Febby we did it Ryan and I we brought
she's outside waiting for you look let's
go see patty Patty's out here come here
give me your hand give me your hand
look Patty's here yay patty baby ho hi
my knuckles we had a rough time as you
can see baby you'd only want to know
what happened to us
patty died halfway here we were pushing
and then we got home it started working
again
I don't know I don't know I don't know
who made that mistake we pushed her
halfway here Ryan's fault I'm taking out
Orion who today was a mission and a half
it's time to close off the video all
right so thank you to everyone who tuned
in as always before we close out our
video we do have to give our postal
indication shout out to who limit
today's specification shadow goes to
Avery Franklin to Avery
so shout you Avery thank you so much for
being part of the ACE family and having
our post notifications turned on whoever
else like a post on occasion shout out
all you got to do is subscribe to the
ACE family turn on our pulse
notifications and comment win done and
obviously if you like this video you've
got to get a thumbs up give it a thumbs
up with your part of the a family like
comment share and subscribe and like me
and my beautiful family always say be
back for more videos peace
