hey I love doing that you know what I
wonder I wonder who does that with us in
every video if you say hey ace family
with us comment below I'm curious to
know and yes people I know Halloween is
over but I had to wear my onesie today
because it's freezing outside as you can
see the weather is very hey I know
you guys are probably wondering where my
girls are there somewhere here let's go
find it oh my girls oh my girls I scare
I think I just care Oh No
my baby's Jeep is in the ring Oh girls
where are my girls
Oh girls where's my girls girls girls
there's a one of my girls where's my
other girl
Daisy hi crazy hair day you want to be
on camera with your hair like this it
was okay okay that Daddy oh I'm sorry
baby you know screenshots I repeat no
screenshots yeah babe a you hold the
camera okay you can't talk to him yeah
but you just woke up and you're still
beautiful I love you where are you
taking them look eat cheap seeds look at
your Jeep out there look look look at
the Jeep
no matter what time of the day I don't
matter what she looked like
as you could tell it's baby always wants
to be on camera you don't care what
nobody thinks huh you like I just woke
up my dipey Spanky my hair looks crazy I
need to get in there bad and you just
like she'll put me on camera I love that
about you I hope you stay that way who
cares what people think
as long as you're happy that's all that
matters
so for those who are new to our channel
this is my fiance what are you doing hi
guys you know how you go like years
sometimes decades using a certain brush
product that you love well mommy is
trying to talk to the ACM members okay
thank you okay so this specific brush
I've probably been using it for about
four years and it's just like you know
it's like a foundation brush that I love
but the other day this company that I've
been working with for about a year now
they send me this new brush products
they're all dirty sorry but you guys can
see I've been using these ever since I
got this box we've been seeing a lot of
people in the makeup industry using this
flat type of brush and so I was always
wondering like how it would be and you
can and you can ask Austin the first day
that I introduced I was like in shock
because like you would think that you
would use something flat on your face
because your face is flatter right so I
started using these and I literally have
completely forgot about my old brush
which is so crazy because I never
thought that happen so these are called
the blends party solo makeup brush set
and
cruelty-free wood just so awesome they
come in black as well as think but you
guys know me for colors things like I
think it's a 10 piece set so it's ten
dishes that come in the box I'll give
you the box with it so this is the box I
personally haven't used all the Lumia as
you can see but I do use these ones
every single day they are I guess I'm
the cameraman by the way if you didn't
know they're super soft bristles they're
streak free applications you can use
them for anything such as moisturizer
literally like any kind of product you
can use them for I personally use them
all for a foundation blend party brush
that oh it sounds like a party and they
don't harbor any bacteria so there's no
bacteria they're super super soft and
the best part about them is they think
don't Shea which is something you girls
know about you don't want your brushes
brushes yeah like dogs I see so you
guys know that I don't talk about any
products unless I genuinely use them and
love them so as you guys know I'm gonna
give you a code obviously it's right
here y'all better get it for a Christmas
gift to yourself so it's usually a
hundred and thirty nine dollars but
you're gonna get the 70% off with my
code so it's not amount to be $39 Wow
aren't you sweet sexy yeah I pull guys
here hi poor guy I love you
as you guys can see I tried my best to
do my biggest hair Gabriel of
slicked-back and she looks amazing in
turquoise blue so for those who are new
to our channel you know that L loves
Caterpillar rides but in our old place
in our old apartment it was kind of
small and we really didn't have much
room to work with but now that we moved
in our house is a little bigger
we're gonna have some long caterpillar
rats you ready to have a caterpillar
ride let's do it
are you bringing your baby on the ride
too you're gonna bring the baby on the
ride okay oh oh girl hold on you gotta
hold on these drives are much longer see
you ain't used to these long rides you
did alright here we go hold on you gotta
hold on you hold on hold on lay down
you're gonna lay down there you go hold
on there we go baby
now that we're in a bigger house we can
give her some long caterpillar rides I'm
gonna start charging you for these damn
rides right now pay me 25 cents right
now or you can give me a kiss give me a
kiss okay that works sorry let's go
you ready you loved you you left you a
bit you left your baby go get your baby
I can't leave my baby okay lay down now
here we go
no you're not ready well why why are you
not ready what
what what was over there
what show me where we going you have to
get something else oh do you have to get
what you want to get something here
what's in here oh the books oh you had
to put your books away first that's a
good girl
you know you got to clean your room
before you do anything good job good job
okay shut the door now shut the door
good job baby okay good job let's go get
on the caterpillar alright you ready
come on hey if there's any other babies
out there now watch our videos a lot
caterpillar rice just DML on Instagram
that's how you gotta do go ahead get
your Cheerios baby you see where your
Cheerios are if you really find what
your Cheerios are I'm gonna be impressed
let's get you a little ball here you go
okay don't put some in there pay
guys is L the only baby that eat cereal
with no milk huh are you the only baby
that does this here put put your bowl
out oh
there you go baby is that enough you
want more more okay okay there you go go
here taste it is it good let me see mmm
good it's good okay high five high five
good job knuckles knuckles good job I
still don't know my character's name
what's his name yeah no you just Sully
I think Sully's the other one the green
one right guys I'm not gonna lie I was
impressed when the L knew what the cheer
box was that just goes to show you how
much he loves sure you what I didn't
know you knew that
you over there money in that I have one
thank you mmm those are good hmm can dad
that lay on you Malaya okay
guys here's a secret about L when you
give her food you're able to get her to
do anything you want
kiss told you can you rub that this head
no don't don't put a cherry on my head
thank you baby I love you so much guys
I'm not sure if you read l shirt
but I just now noticed it says I'm the
boss until mommy gets home and why does
your little character match your shirt
you guys you guys are twins we right
back okay i'ma go outside and clean your
Jeep now that you baby Shelby where are
you there you are you over there looking
all lonely and they got a little
more wet laughs ha ha it's all good
though I need a little wash let me dry
real quick just look at that back to
brand-new it's kind of cool that we get
to look into people's backyards well
look at them over there
I got a basketball who over there okay
somebody over there getting buckets what
else we got over here uh-huh what they
got over here I spy a dish satellite
okay okay what else what are the homes
we got over here
uh-huh uh-huh okay I spy a little canopy
is that a canopy right there okay well
we got into mounds I spy they're going
mount line you see it they're going mile
line so what'd you think baby
is it brand-new you like what I did is
it all better she like let me see wait I
have an idea
tell me if you think it's a good idea I
think we should keep the Jeep inside the
house
what do you think yeah well first way to
ask mommy okay that's mommy all right
this is kind of scary
mama Ellen I came up with a good idea we
want to ask you if it's okay for us to
keep the Jeep inside the house no it's
all clean
guys all day l has been asking me to
play music for her she's obsessed with
music watch baby you are music
Vivat Vivat you are music yeah
well you ready to get a poppin you go
tease daddy how to dance and mommy get
it REO ellos but the teachers how to
dance
we are about to get dance lessons from a
17 month old baby so we're gonna do what
you do okay we're gonna copy you all
rich other news gone are you right
I'll what what the hell is this seems
like do it okay fun all right well I
guess we're just gonna copy you here we
go
all right that was good but I don't know
what the hell you're doing so mommy
daddy gonna freestyle here we go
a lot realized taking your dance class
that's the only move you teaches and
this one boy would love to say what what
she lied yelping stop talking this is
her favorite doesn't everyone look what
is this he's trying to put it behind
baby you're supposed to be teaching us
downtime this baby could dance okay oh
okay
hello how long is your dance class so so
that's what we're really listening to
you can't use that song because of the
copyright claims bebut there's copyright
claims on there okay okay okay we can't
use this for the video though sorry guys
this is this exclusive footage go ahead
do you think it is come on good I'm
sorry I'm sorry we have to close out the
video if not this videos gonna be like
45 minutes long an hour it's gonna be a
movie hey Sam I know you guys don't want
to see an hour long video so we have to
cut it short
all right a spam I hope you guys enjoyed
today's video yeah today's workout for
us damn babe I'm actually like tired
like I'm winded we got to get back to
working out because I'm a little winded
right now guys if you would like to have
a dance class with L please comment
below and let us know yes she'll really
work you out so before we close out this
video we do have to give our post a
notification shoutout to whomever who
does a shout out go to today baby myyy
who's that okay she said my ebo who
isn't really golfing
today's post notifications shoutout goes
to cheeto marsala cheeto cheeto okay so
shout out to you shout out to you hot
cheeto thank you so much for joining the
ACE family and having our poster of the
Kaiser turned on whoever else like a
postal invocation shoutout all you gotta
do is subscribe to the ACE family turn
on our post notifications and comment
when done
baby I can't use my arm cuz you're
laying on it but could you do the little
done thing like I do and comment when
done there we go baby obviously if you
like this video you got to give it a
perfect like share comment and please
point at the camera and subscribe and
like me and my beautiful family always
say
we'll be back with more videos wow the
camera tease the camera tease the camera
yeah
