thank you baby
kiss kiss thank you hey what's going on
everybody we were trying to be super
quiet right now because we are at days
so as you can see we have the whole
family here with us today we even have
grandma over here so right now we're
grabbing breakfast then we have to run
to Best Buy and pick up some new cameras
and after we leave Best Buy we are going
to be going to the pumpkin patch as you
can tell Ella and I wear an orange
Katherine she's left out today so we're
gonna be going to our very first public
desert I've never been to a pumpkin
patch no no but first we've never been
as a family there obviously first
pumpkin all right guys we are now in
Best Buy and I must admit the food was
delicious I'm not sure if Denny's is
better than I hop or high hop is better
than Vinny's now we are here looking for
some new cameras about do some camera
shopping it's like a playground for us
so we're gonna be in a new house with
new cameras which means more content but
what camera should we get okay whatever
that means he'll come here I'll talk to
you hey come here come
come over here right now hey you better
cool it yeah I have to talk to you about
something serious we're getting a new
camera because of you you're always
trying to vlog by yourself
and you ruin the camera you ruin the
cameras you can have the one I'm holding
but the new one is mommy and daddy's
only do you hear me listen are you
listening me the ace family is listening
to me are you listening so yeah a semi
she is the reason why we were buying a
new camera because she breaks all our
cameras we got like three of the same
cameras and they're all broke because of
her so the one where my today so the one
robot what do you want so the new one
where mine they will only be for
Catherine and I so hopefully we can keep
it brand-new you're staying here okay go
find a job here hopefully someone hires
you okay okay we're leaving bye see you
later
no you stay here yeah baby yep just like
grandma said go ask them for your shirt
excuse me does anybody have a shirt for
my daughter she's trying to find a job
here look at her look you look Bassem
glass go ask
velasca first shirt scuse me are you
guys hiring my daughter she's she need a
job she's looking for a job if you guys
have any like best buy t-shirts for her
in terms of me getting hired yeah
Best Buy calm
yeah she's she doesn't really listen you
know and we need her to start working me
my wife need her to start working so
we're looking for a job for her
the flyer right huh yes you definitely
need to apply hopefully you guys accept
her fast enough for Black Friday it's
best not best buy calm right Thank You
Man I appreciate it thank you I swear I
love that guy he was like really trying
to be helpful and you know helping us
out trying to find a job for my daughter
I appreciate you bro but she's only 16
months and she won't have a job anytime
soon in the car and I spy a note hmm
what does that say hey Austin and
Katherine we love you guys we admire you
guys so much that we started a YouTube
channel ourselves you guys brighten up
our day by meeting you guys we didn't
talk too much because we didn't want to
invade your family space thank you guys
so much we love you guys so now we're on
the way to the pumpkin patch yes all
right guys we are now here at the
pumpkin patch not sure if you guys can
see but L is currently sleep and we're
gonna let her sleep because we don't
want her to have an attitude with the
pumpkins okay it's gonna be her first
time looking at pumpkins so we want her
to be happy so we're gonna let her sleep
for about 20-25 minutes and we gonna see
y'all back in a few okay so my baby
finally woke up she's happy right you
happy and we're about to pick out some
beautiful pumpkins better look at that
pumpkin look at that pumpkin up there up
there look ha you see it so what do we
begin we just walk around
we're here baby let's find a beautiful
pumpkin start looking which one do you
like look all these pumpkins look you
got this one you got that one which one
you like you like that one
like this one that's a nice one all the
back kind of dirty on about that nah I'm
all about finding the pretty plum looks
like the ones will really clean nice and
round I like those clean can always
clean untrue but roundness and like very
like symmetrical those are the functions
I like which one do you want there's
more bad bad they're all around once you
look all around come over here come over
here look at these pumpkins you like
these ones
what what's over there oh look the wines
mommy guy
she wrote her like there's some butts
babies that go dancer go what are these
what are those grandma those eggplant
pumpkins robots boys
Oh
look baby as a gold there's a goat a
goat is he sad
look at the gold poor gold oh that's a
sheep right Oh
go a baby wants to meet you what does
that go got a black head oh that's so
sad my boy got a black head Wow so
that's a sheet and that's a goat
are they both goats
oh now these pumpkins look nice these
pumpkins look nice
and a big wide eye so be oh that one
perfect
I guess these weren't the best shoes for
a pumpkin patch huh move it where you
want to go oh this is a pretty little
pumpkin right hey honey this is more for
you you like this one look at the
turkeys look at the turkeys look I don't
get too close
you see the turkey hey guys are you guys
subscribed today's family no okay we'll
make sure you subscribe okay want you
guys to be a part of this family okay
alright we'll see you guys later
you got fun now make sure you watch our
new videos coming out today make sure
you watch it here your feature a new
video you guys got a Instagram or
something a shout-out no okay Helen tell
him to subscribe right now go tell him
subscribe she said go subscribe no way
there's a horse oh whoa
look at the pony Wow look guys I'm gonna
be really honest this is like animal
abuse I don't like seeing this at all
look at this poor animal that's so sad
all these Riki's animals now wait at the
poor cow wish we could save them
let's go save these animals let's go
look at the pumpkins that are in the
shade okay let's go over there with
grandmas come on baby you said hi to the
pumpkins huh
oh these ones are nice as well look at
these ones have you seen one you like no
okay let's keep looking
you like that one is that the one this
is the one oh yeah you smack it honey
you smack that pumpkin you want mommy to
smack it get mommy to smack it yeah
mommy you smack that pumpkin why does
that make you happy
or they got many pumpkins oh don't tell
me you want that one and all the
pumpkins in the world you want that one
don't tell me you want that one I want
to show you something can I show you
something can I show you a scarecrow
don't tell mommy let's go see a
scarecrow come on come on let's go come
on hold my hand look at look at the
scarecrow look at the scarecrow oh look
at a scarecrow it's okay he's fake he's
not real say you're fake I know you're
fake you're not real you can't scare me
tell them yeah you're not real
tell them ready to go home now you ready
to go it's hot out here baby it's hot
out here what is that I don't understand
what the hell that is big-ass baby even
grab it he's big ass a plant pumpkins
yeah these four just don't even look
right let me just put this down hi baby
let's let's go what is this whoa
beautiful look at that smile you're
pretty say thank you tell him this is
the one we want
and all the pumps in the world she wants
this say thank you for the puppy thank
you thank you thank you for the pumpkin
yeah guys that helped up your pet she
got a free competition say bye pumpkin
patch we'll see you next year
say bye fellas makes you choose wisely
on the girl that you marry then she
don't clean your shoes don't put a ring
on it
this is absolutely crazy out of all the
pumpkins in the pumpkin patch you choose
this one you would like what the hell is
this can even carve this alright guys
the other day one of our a family
members got el this pinata and I'm not
sure that you guys for our birthday or
for Halloween or for Christmas but we're
gonna open it today okay you ready baby
let's go get it back okay we're gonna go
get a bat we're gonna bust it open you
could okay just gonna bust it open with
with pumpkin okay go ahead go ahead hit
it with pumpkin honey hey get it yeah
yeah baby get it get it with Pope's
I bet I got the bat I got the bat you
hit it look the bat like this get it get
it girl kid hit it with the bat hit it
with the bat hit it with the bat get it
girl hit it hit yes honey
it good job you get it when the boys
ought to talk to you you hit him you hit
him you say no no no what no you want
boys to talk to you
ah hell nah you have been good yes yes
yes you hit it girl hit it let mommy
show you let mommy show you how to hit
it then let me show you hit it mommy
hit it Oh what the heck oh oh okay oh
sure at least you know what to do when
guys should I talk to you then you hit
on baby taught you well hi mama
whoa just on anger for anger built up in
there honey
why is it not breaking though this might
be the toughest pinata I've ever seen
the L do L do it LLL do it l strong -
good job baby that was dumb so sissy
that was - sissy you got a really hit it
girls let's just double this is let's
just let's just rip it open you know
what we're just gonna rip we're just
gonna take it out yeah they put the
gummy lifesavers and they put the purple
skittle bag
oh yeah fire and they put the pink
starburst and they did a right hump of
it they did it right guys today's been a
long day for some reason I'm more tired
than usual
same with you guys yeah we've had a long
week and it's gonna continue to be a
long week all I gotta say is that we are
so excited to move into a new house we
are so excited to show you guys they're
thinking about giving you guys exclusive
tour tomorrow but we've been also
thinking about waiting until this
weekend but let us know what you guys
think comment below if you guys wants to
show you guys the house this week or
this weekend I think this weekend
because all you guys will be in the
house which you feed up eating Doritos
be free not worried about no homework
while worrying about going to work not
worrying about find your Halloween
costume you're gonna be chilling so
you'd be able to watch it that's why I
think this weekend is the best but if
you guys think otherwise just comment
below at the same time we have to be
looking for a family members to pick to
sleep over in our new house so if you're
all in commenting or like in on none of
these videos you can just go ahead and
not pack your bags because Katherine and
I read all these comments but for the
ones who have been consistently showing
love and support
y'all definitely got a chance well guys
I think that is it for today thank you
for everyone who tuned in as always
before we close out this video we do
have to give our post on vacations shot
out to go baby Katherine wrote down the
name we're at Best Buy today and the
person about to give a shout out to her
husband told us that all she ever wants
is a shot off from us so today we're
going to be giving a shout out to
whoever the today's post our vacation
shout-out goes
- Nancy Murillo so shout to you girl
thank you so much for having our pulse
indications turned on whoever else like
a pulsar indication shout out all you
got to do is subscribe to the ACE family
turn on our pulse on vacations and then
comment when done now obviously if you
like this video you've got to give it a
thumbs up like comment share and
subscribe and like me and my beautiful
family always say whatever always say
exactly we'll be back with more videos
peace peace
