hey stand back welcome back to your
channel guys what's going on everybody
so if you're a part of the ace family
you know a few days ago we made a video
of me reading Catherine's Instagram D so
after making that video you guys
requested for Catherine to read my damps
I'm sorry I'll be honest kind of like
this series of videos that we've been
doing first I read Elle's Instagram
Dean's then I read your Instagram cams
now you're reading my Instagram you can
see it kind of happened organically - we
weren't expecting the middle and at the
end of the day you guys want to see it
so we're gonna give you what you want to
see at all times right but the only
thing is is that now that you read my
Dan's if you like people have been
deeming you just so that we can possibly
them I'm gonna scroll back to like the
last month I'm gonna just keep scrolling
until I find something juicy okay before
we start our video I do want to say that
we have so many videos coming for you
guys we've been extremely busy but as
you guys know we do move in a couple of
days so we're gonna be filming the whole
process we're gonna be filming the
process of us picking her furniture the
home tour furnished home tour we have a
couple of things planned for Halloween
and we just have so much plans I think
you guys are gonna be really excited
about all the things that we're gonna be
doing especially for the holidays yo
this next week is gonna be lit yeah guys
it's coming up week we are shooting a
like judge tone we're shooting
we're shooting a like Halloween movie
type thing like trailer that's gonna be
crazy
and we're also filming our exclusive
house tour that we're so excited to show
you
you guys have no no we were just there
yesterday with everyone just kind of
like figuring everything out and just
preparing for the big day so we're
really excited about that we've just
been so busy we're trying to film every
single day guys this next week is gonna
be insane so crazy if you're ready for
this next week before watching this
video here that thumbs up right now so
shall we get into this video yeah you're
really about three months in advance
you've never done this before Sam you
already don't know Katherine and I do
not read each other's deals very tones
so listen to me the first time on
Carolina should check your my Instagram
P oh god why why are you saying oh god
oh why are you saying that like that no
I'm saying like Oh God like I hope
someone doesn't save I'm crazy cuz you'd
be like who they need you know I know
girls don't do you know girls do you
think I'll freaking listen guys are
damning you really gonna be any about
know we're not necessarily guys too but
it's more like family-oriented one yeah
of course as I'm saying the girls nice
we are like our supporters messages yeah
I get the sweetest message me too I
don't get that what's going on sexy as a
woman I don't get though I get that oh
my gosh I love your channel your family
keeps me happy I get those type messages
all right you know see or I get the ones
and because our telephone you like hey
you looking like some light on TV
by the way guys were wearing our boys
I'm living line in Jordan as you can see
Katherine has imagine me again Ben I
actually matched him today I had some
today every band something else on
actually was planning on wearing
something really nice but then I didn't
feel like really doing my hair really
getting that ready because I'm so busy
so just a me I just decided to just
dress myself down and wear this like and
copy me yeah like every other day you
always copy mean just
he always copies me you should make you
wanna be like Daddy know sexy as hell
about colors exactly very nutritious all
right that's enough ramble about to give
you all which animal come on video
already change my password
wait did you really change the password
hey guys we've seemed to be dramatic
sometimes just know there's just our
personality we're not actually like
serious and for the time no I'm serious
though here is Austin's Instagram I
realized last video they couldn't really
see so you want to go closer okay so
here is Austin's Instagram at Austin
McBroom follow me you don't follow me
calm just kidding hola that's Pamela
calm I space so let's go to messages so
here are all the message requests
there's a ton Oh
let's delete that one so let's scroll
down you shouldn't get to the juicy
juicy so on the first day I just have to
keep scrolling
I got one you got one week before she
gets into my Dan's just know we're not
gonna show you guys anybody's messages
we're not gonna show you who say what
because we want everyone's privacy to be
respected and we don't want to put
anybody out there like that so this
person says stop this is my face without
a filter that's your face multiple fish
it's crazy isn't it dot but you might
have heard this theory in which people
say that every human has even seven
doppelgangers on earth so she's trying
to say that she looks like me but look
at this well does she really know Oh
dare you compare yourself to my baby no
she's pretty but look that's me but
that's her but I'm confused okay that's
just creepy next message believe it is
true though like I've heard that theory
that people do have people that's like
Richard there's there's a well yeah
there's a twin for everyone in the world
O'Connor just one person out there in
the looks like there's up to seven which
is I think should right I think there
are like a log yeah you know unique you
were scrolling to you're scrolling like
two miles someone so I don't know they
were meant to make this as a comment or
not but they they DM to you so they what
they did was a ID in the picture here
last picture that you posted on your
Instagram okay by the way it's a picture
of Illinois yeah matching yeah so they
they put the picture and then they wrote
what I think I'm a better fit than
Katherine ain't nobody a better fit than
my baby okay that was a bold message
yeah
random message that I'm just making hi
Austin I love you so much and I'm your
biggest fan congratulations on three
million eight family members can't wait
to see the next vlog I can't wait to see
the new house okay I love message like
those guys what I see messages like that
respond let's respond available ok this
person right what do you do to your hair
how does it look like that do you have a
perm question mark a poem this is
natural honey this is natural water you
can comment ok it's not at a big
question everyone always asks about your
hair fellas out there you guys have
messaged me asking what type of product
do I use in my hair to get it to be
curly guys it's just the way I was born
I was blue so wait you know the person I
you just responded to yeah Dan let me
just read it yes you just wrote back I'm
crying right now I can't believe you're
replying thanks London
look guys my messages are no one here
the message isn't catechize but is not
sure issue that is don't tell them ace
family that was not true what guys are
within of guys arugula those are words
no girls guys girls are the worst and
I've been saying that for years girls
are ruthless yeah yes yes there are
they're very disrespectful and I'm not
talking about our fans I'm talking about
like girls in general or little bit I
mean they agree no they're all nodding
their heads right now Catherine's right
girls really girls are the crazy ones
God guys are as crazy as girl guys
aren't underserved by clothes girls
girls will do the craziest things and
you're like what the hell is wrong with
you it well you don't have to worry
about that one me I'm just saying like
okay less i from what we're doing right
now I will say that girls have so much
more disrespect than guys do and I've
been saying that for years I've been
thinking that for you
and it's because sank I will add is a
real quick where do you that picture
flown that person says what that but do
what is that but do swear I will be
twerkin little King's Corrigan all day
and all me - Danielle he messes me quite
a few times a tongue emoji what that
means show you just a tongue what back
to what I was saying how women are
disrespectful oh great here we go juicy
this person goes on October 18 hey sexy
want to have some fun Katherine doesn't
have to know
then yesterday at 3:40 p.m. Haley on
having babies we get away her name
okay she's 20 more as I'm sure wish you
can just click on that I'm just gonna
I'm just gonna show them the DM but I'm
not gonna show them the name so am I go
there I come baby
no this person said we want to suck my
moves
fuck you much I have to show them I have
a dm's awesome yes no well you scroll
with it the four years ago yesterday
they can see was again sir me tune wait
this one this one says shit I can buy a
Lambo we can have fun in the Lambo I
didn't know I get messages like this no
you did you have to win it there's
many this person says bro you're really
doing it right even though you're mixed
I love to see black men doing good for
their family my dad wasn't like that he
loved me and still does but he's in and
out of jail and I'm glad that you're not
like that man keep setting a good
example for people want to be like you
literally most almost my whole school
watches you know a successful man oh I
love you boys so gotta go oh oh
Tiana Tiana I love you Tiana I was a
nice message no I I think that's enough
even is enough one more you guys all
want more won't hurt
what not again not again guys I thought
my dams were like pg-13 like Disney
messages what now what now what this
person is do you want to eat my white
gummy no thank you bye
I'm swear you're like guys you know I
love like gummy okay maybe thank you
ain't from Java - that's enough
that's crazy that is crazy I'm kind of
in shock right now I'm kind of in shock
too ideas are worse than yours they
really are I told you if I get good I
told you that
I think it's just cuz you scroll like
you're making messages when we weren't
even together this was yesterday yeah
you're right
wait so how are your messages before we
were together
I didn't get not one DM from anybody it
was a quite a few bold messages today if
she's still a variable and I'm only in
the first day anything you throw that
far than you get so many of them well
tonight what I'm sleeve you get just no
I don't care no I don't care I'm just
saying like I didn't know people were
like that well you just admitted before
we read no I already knew but like I
didn't know like with me I don't know it
was like with you like now nowadays
nowadays he's right
so people respect you more than they
respect me because no no no no no
because they're messaging you like not
respecting me like not keeping me in
mind and when they message me they keep
you in mind they respect you
yeah ain't no minds crazy as well no but
for the most part 99.9999 our messages
are very many respects yeah I agree
and I'm thankful for that all right
expand I hope you guys enjoy today's
video it was more interesting that
thought was gonna sit here and not to
scroll like just to find something yeah
but we found something we found
something so before we close out today's
video we do have to give our pulsing
application shout out to home baby y'all
I'm so excited to shoot this Halloween
movie for you guys it's gonna be insane
I'm so excited for this week in general
yo I'm really overwhelmed but I'm
excited I can't wait so today's post on
vacation shout out goes to Yadira
Covarrubias whoa yeah that's hard to say
you're done so shout out to you in your
ass shout to you girl thank you so much
for being a part of the ACE family and
thank you so much for having our post on
vacations turned on whoever else will
like the pulse notification shoutout you
guys should already know to do subscribe
to the haze family turn on our post
notifications and then come
when then and obviously if you like this
video you've got to give it a thumbs up
like comment share and subscribe and
like me and my I'll do the hook
beautiful Queen by me and my beautiful
Queen always say we'll be back with more
videos please
