so it was Boston's boogers on the floor
Boston sneezed and didn't know where the
stuff went and dad found it dried on the
floor I have it I know and Olivia wants
to know if she could take the camera to
school so we let her and this is what we
go this is what Olivia left on her bed
for me and I said yes so she took the
camera to school and recorded her what
was it talent show yeah well you think
you're spinning it fast
we were supposed to go up to Joel's
dad's and have an Easter egg hunt party
but we just couldn't get everyone sick
especially where I just got over being
sick and his training recover from
surgery there's no way we could have
brought all this sickness over there
yeah another letter
okay you make us breakfast I forgot to
tell everybody I have a double ear
infection I have to he has an ear
infection you have an ear infection his
ears are swollen and red but not like
Pepsi which is really gross when I went
in the doctor said the I won worst ear
infection of the month
I basically been in bed all weekend
what's great we were sick last year oh
my no we did so good through the whole
winter and it's kind of hitting us best
weeks of the year so far does taste good
to you thinking he's already guys so
Kate goes to down in the last minute
effort to get the kids out or the house
for just a few minutes I decided
to go down to Lee's the grocery store
which is not the shortest to drive and
it's not the easiest ride back uphill I
think that was a bad idea he has a bad
idea
everybody's feeling a little sick and
that just intensified it I think whoa
you are totally sweaty
open the hem joel and the kids rode
their bike to the grocery store I didn't
even know they had left I was just here
to sleep
uh-oh you guys don't have the blocks
picked up I'm not going to give you any
of the treats that are in this giant egg
ready for the second session of
conference
I feel more lively now that I got a
little more Nappanee it's weird though
because I feel like nobody can hear me I
feel like I can't move my mouth cuz I
hurts my ears and I can't hear okay
starting resume positions you guys can
have your snacks on this blanket come
sit down sit down Olivia couldn't open
that box of crackers come sit together
you have to sit together and share if
you fight I take them away if you share
nicely you get a treat and literally
can't hear about their Easter wish list
is the Easter Bunny gonna come tonight I
hope so
but you don't even watch a movie you
don't get my habit tree so the Easter
Bunny will come ok smile let's see your
new yeah Cody lost his other tooth good
job
joel is just loading up on I put some
medicine before he goes Scholz on his
way to the priesthood session that's
what he that's what we do when it's
conference good to put the suit on I
don't like wearing it during the winter
time because I don't want to get it like
snowy or dirty it's like summertime
spring I'm gonna say good night you guys
here I don't want to show my sick face
we all look hammered okay okay your suit
looks great your face is a different
story Joe you and there is no hot water
so Joel shower no we're fine it's fine
say good night Joel I'm closing the vlog
because I have nothing to say maybe we
could say happy Easter Bunny Easter
Bunny is gonna come visit you're right
come kids and I were doing dishes and
Olivia knew I was mad at Lincoln so she
put him on blanket time what are you
doing you have a binky that's why you're
staying on your whatever a blanket okay
that's awesome I'm gonna start making
breakfast for breakfast tomorrow so
tomorrow morning isn't so crazy I need
to get me some dinner
can you do the worm hurt him okay oh
that was pretty good I can't even do it
I'm so why Boston is crying and because
we have no more hot water and so we had
to be in the cold water he's like oh why
are you cold
okay breakfast is ready we're ready for
the Easter Bunny to come aren't we
Olivia
