what Lincoln bye-bye flies ding I'm
gonna go to at Ellie's house Oh bye I'll
see you soon
good morning you guys I am on my way
over to Ellie's house I've got my
calendar so we can make some dates I've
got my disgusting personal stuff I have
all my hair stuff and a tripod I've got
all my stuff in the car I'm heading over
to Ellie we didn't record a hair curling
tutorial so how she curls her hair well
I curl my hair it's gonna be a great
time Sun will have been had by all
what in what is wrong with me I can't
even speak well I was following behind
Elliot I was like your butt has filled
out it looks so cute
like cuz it's so cute because my heart I
feel like I'm always doing this pulling
your pants but I you look so cute and I
swear I felt really bad Emily came over
I not gonna cry she came over and she
was like philippi he and I was like I
haven't even felt
just fat and I'd like to sell your baby
move I haven't felt at once and it makes
us feel sad different dynamic lately I
know not been like it let's hang out
chit chats and like come over let's do
this let's just get to you bye
I know Jared setting up for us like
always like always Ellie hits the
pleasure see the pleasure's all yours by
the end of today you're either gonna
love me hate me or you're gonna wanna be
me everybody does me pretty I got that
from my friend Abbi what back in the car
you guys know we just got done filming
our hair curling tutorial and it will be
up next Tuesday so I'll let you guys
know keep an eye out for that and now
I'm off to pick up my boyfriend okay you
get up there you're gonna have your
little picnic lunch you put your
sandwich right there there you go I just
got a phone call it was like perfect
timing it was just like meant to be I
just finished editing the vlog and I got
a phone call from a company that's
delivering a package to me that I've
been waiting for for a month my
four-wheelers turning on let's don't
play with that
anyway this package is arriving it
happens to go with my four-wheeler and I
am so ecstatic I will tell you this this
is like proof to me that doing a good
deed for somebody always comes back to
you in some way no good deed goes
unrecognized I was helping a neighbor I
didn't do it for any gain of my own
purpose I just wanted to make sure they
were taken care of and a week later they
sent me a gift card to a store that I
happen to like a lot and after a lot of
shopping a lot of whittling down the
price I was able to order something with
that gift card that's incredible
that's incredible so this thing was like
my good deed returning to me to be my
favorite activity ever
Wow the polar double tandem trailer what
is this guy doing pulling away from our
house oh my goodness mine just fell you
guys are so cute I don't care it's not
mine I don't care for Taco Tuesday get
in the car bill the kids will be fine
they'll be fine yeah we'll just leave
them by themselves in the street we're
good I put on the calendar a month ago
Taco Tuesday with this with this an old
boyfriend of mine why have you been
eating you literally have food on the
corner of your mouth I may have had a
bite of Lincoln's peanut butter and
jelly sandwich sometimes working
together we feel like business partners
rather than like husband and wife and
that can be sometimes tiring and so I
really like planning little things like
this throughout the week just to kind of
break it up for us oh yeah well you have
to be willing to put on both hats at
separate times and then you need to be
willing to take your hats off peep pick
your yoga hook dum bum is away
all right Taco Tuesday coconut shrimp
Baja fish Baja fish was incredible last
time don't put trailer on the
four-wheeler there is I'm so excited to
start building on it
well I feel like an idiot I made the
ultimate guy mistake I assumed what the
instructions were going to be and didn't
actually do the instructions so I have
to undo all the three that we did just
spin the tire
okay I'm spinning the tire gonna make
everybody sick it felt
in there
there's been a wonderful midday of the
week and I think we are ready to close
the vlog here if you guys like the video
give it a thumbs up if you're new to the
channel subscribe and if you have not
checked out Bali brand comm get your
butts over there and check it out it's
awesome stuff designed by Bonnie and
Ellie hello Bali
bye guys and now a little peddling by
Lincoln Lincoln climbed up there and
moved all the pictures and Lincoln that
was naughty right Boston move to those
pictures Lincoln you moved those
pictures no it was Lincoln you moved
those pictures you need to tell the
truth Boston Boston did not Lincoln did
away I know Olivia did not heard Cody
did not now you're gonna be in trouble
if you don't tell the truth
you tell me the truth no thinking did
Lincoln do that okay
don't you lie to mommy he doesn't even
care
