I'm in running late all morning and Joel
is usually I give him all the morning
it's like kids you don't talk to dad you
don't touch that you leave him alone
because he edits from like 7:00 to noon
usually in the daytime which has been a
good change do you like that that's what
we've been doing
snack anyway this morning I've just been
feeling a little crazy and I've got a
really special friend coming over today
and so Joel has been doing all the
cleaning while I tried to get ready this
morning I'm not all the way ready yet
but anyway Joel you are my everything
camera in her face okay I had the camera
on I was gonna record but sometimes when
I meet people for the first time I don't
want to just like put a camera in their
face because sometimes it feels a little
in not genuine announcement but this is
Natalie you're the pretty one she's like
you guys how me and Natalie well we just
met but you met Natalie emailed me and
she showed me her Instagram page she
decorates cakes and not only is she good
human because last night I totally went
through your Instagram and I was like
looking like we're gonna calm down for a
second she decorates cakes and she is
incredible at it and so I said for my
birthday come to my house let's make a
cake together and let's just like get to
know each other and hang out so that's
what we're gonna do today and so excited
and we're calm now the flowers she got
fresh flowers everything is so pretty
like I'm so excited to see she precooked
the aches and this stuff so we're just
gonna get it put together I can't wait
to see what it looks like so these are
toasted coconut like in the middle like
this is a chocolate ganache that I made
foam
like today tested so I literally can't
believe you need them
she made the cake I hit coconut there's
coconut it's coconut cake these are
pieces of coconut yes there is okay when
I fold it in some fresh like coconut
it's fabulous
so this is like totally fresh the juice
like pineapple juices make it from but I
put this little ring so that it doesn't
spill on the side oh my gosh I don't
love watching you do this
whenever I do this part I'm like am I
doing this wrong what diocese so
typically makes a mess
I've always wondered how to make the top
smooth because I always smooth the top
first and then try to smooth the cake
when you smooth the cake first and then
the top life-changer these colors are a
little literally they're so fun
I love watching this process I had no
idea how this time yeah it's kind of fun
and this is like all stuff that like I
totally them we're just watching videos
and then just train it out
what do you think do you think it looks
pretty you guys were so good downstairs
thank you I don't want to give you one
but yes I'll give you one and you can
give Lincoln a bite K can you say
macaroon don't buy it
no momma's got a hold it Oh his hand is
shaking shake in the back is it's really
serious yeah got right on that corner
sure that's not even funny
oh my gosh what did he hit it on the
corner please new songs Jim
you guys saw how beautiful the cake
turned out Natalie and I we're going to
lunch and if you guys want to follow her
on Instagram I'll leave all of her
information in the description if you
want to go check her out four pages
super cute when you got bud
french fries that's a chicken nugget
chicken nugget what do you go you got
Johnny Bravo here going on is what you
got I got the spicy deluxe always the
spicy deluxe Bonnie and her cake
decorating friend I went to lunch so I'm
taking the boys and we're going to lunch
so the boys only stayed at lunch for
like two seconds they're on the play
area now so I'm just eating alone
because there's nothing so no like I'm
not supposed to be here this time of day
with just the kids
from school and she's dying at how
pretty the macaroons are and how pretty
the flowers are I will let you try them
and you but I got to show you guys
something amazing first today me and my
friend made a birthday cake for my
birthday she made that can you believe
it
yeah she came to the house and we made
it together that is the amazing insides
to the cake what do you think if he gets
pretty and guess what it even tastes
good
he's for Santa I don't know sweet
there's something that I want to talk
about so last night Olivia and I were
going over what pajamas what good yeah I
just ran into this what pajamas she
wanted to wear for pajama date and
Olivia started crying and she told me
she said everyone at school likes
Monster High and I'm the only one that
likes princess stuff and so she didn't
want to wear stuff because it was
princess and so I said okay you have a
choice I can either go to the store and
get you some pajamas which I was totally
willing to do I said I'll go get you
some pajamas or you can wear this
clothes that makes you happy and so we
had a long discussion on how it's more
important to wear clothes that make you
feel good versus with what other people
think and so we came up with a game plan
I said if someone says you like princess
stuff what's a good way to react yeah do
I like princess stuff who doesn't
instead of saying yeah I like princess
stuff and I'm so embarrassed no you'd be
proud of what you like because what
Olivia likes maybe somebody else doesn't
but what my like maybe somebody else
doesn't it's okay if somebody likes
Monster High great they can like Monster
High if you like princess stuff great
you like princess stuff right I want you
to tell me what you think what do you
feel about like what we talked about
okay maybe you're not as talkative with
the camera in front of you but she said
thank you for helping me realize that
you can be you and I can be me and
everyone else can be everyone else right
are you a little embarrassed that we're
recording is it okay if I record it
mm-hmm
are you happy that you wore your jammies
alright did anyone make fun of one yeah
did anyone have monster high jammies on
Oh Boston waited for this moment all day
to watch a show with me Holly wanted to
do was cuddled because that literally
that's his life he lives for quiet
snuggle time and believe me when I tell
you I'm not complaining but I went to
lunch with Natalie after we made the
cake and I got home and it was so far
past naptime and quiet I think that the
kids walked in the door and Boston was
like he threw his body on the floor and
was like my quiet time is ruined and I
said no we are all gonna have quiet time
my brain needs quiet time I love talking
with Natalie today I felt like she took
me out of my world and we just cooked in
the kitchen together and we just talked
and got to know each other okay watch
this one super Wings
we can watch super Wings anyways and
then we went to lunch together and we
just totally enjoyed like our quiet long
time and I came home until Joe I'm like
what do you want I'll give you anything
you want because you were all to make
Joe happy I'm gonna let him go do a few
things this afternoon by himself without
any kids so he can like
it's okay it's okay he's treating he's
trying to turn subtitles on I'm gonna
let Joel go without the kids enjoy a
little quiet time himself you may thank
you I don't wanna get too close i Reed
still have a showered since my workout
you're disgusting well Frank you've done
me good but I just don't know if I trust
this Rhodes enough Friday I'm supposed
to take the young man up camping up to
egon cabin it's the same warming Hut
that me and Jared and a bunch of our
family have been to before
and today I could definitely get up
there there's no question that I'd make
it up there just fine but the weather
report says Thursday night were supposed
to start getting snow or at least rain
down and Logan which means a lot of snow
up here if that's the case I don't want
to see how bad the roads are gonna be
come Friday night if they had 24 hours
of snowfall I came up here to do my due
diligence to see how far we could get up
code there's your gloves so your warm
coat I decided to come with me up here
which I think he enjoyed it
what's crazy is I'm already seeing
snowmobile tracks in here snowmobiles
have been up here probably for a week or
two so it's kind of getting that time
here we're bringing a truck before we
load up here's just a question but all
Frank made it up here just fine code huh
were you scared
not at all is your alley blue does it
hurt mm-hmm
so today enough for his nap and he was
like he was trying to lay down and he
was like he had to lay on his tummy and
you should have seen the way he was
laying it was the saddest thing I've
ever seen
he doesn't like Oh Lincoln got a huge
ally on the back of his forehead today
Olivia she was showing you toes let me
see your toes so cute Olivia chose the
color and we painted her nails today
we're gonna go ahead and close our vlog
Cody you want to say goodbye to
everybody since I don't think they've
seen very much of your face today
whatever okay everybody say goodbye to
everyone
