good morning Lincoln that seems like a
bad start to the morning no we're not
gonna open it till later good morning
everybody I am back to the gym after our
nine-day trip and I feel like I just got
kicked in the face I don't know why it's
harder it's like 10 times harder than it
was before I felt like I was just like
getting into a good groove workout felt
comfortable I can get through it and now
I feel like day one all over again
you went yesterday Monday Wednesday
Friday I do like kind of cardio workout
Tuesday Thursday is like strength
training a lot of lifting and stuff like
that and I just feel like I want to go
back to bed can I go back to bed yep we
laid there and we talked like for
Christmas we cuddled that was fun for a
puppy oh good thing wishes were fishes
then we'd have a fish then no wish but I
don't even know if wishes were fishes
how come there's Dorito bags by my bed
but they weren't when I left this
morning
you work out I eat Doritos same thing
good thing we read every morning with
the kids and this morning we're talking
about lying and I'm telling the kids the
reason that it's so important to learn
to not lie when you're young is because
if you have a habit of lying when do you
think that habit goes away it never does
so when you turn into a mommy and a
daddy guess what that lying habit that
you have it will stay with you so it's
important to learn to not lie when
you're young because you don't want to
lie your whole life Diane do you think
that your heart and your mind will be
happy if you lie all the time or do you
think that it will make your heart feel
sad daddy yeah makes your heart and mind
feel sad it's all shorter than normal
but it looks sharp
literally
now right you two hoodlums it's just me
and you this morning
yeah if you look on your face there
Boston I've got the Christmas story on
to get this kids in the Christmas spirit
I know it's not Thanksgiving but come on
Thanksgiving is just kind of like an
extended Christmas Eve and realistically
we're Bonnie's birthday is right by it
that's that's the only holiday that
matters to that same editing tomorrow's
blog and I'm watching the boys this
morning as they're eating their second
thing of cereal this is dry cereal in a
cup bought a blanket in the basement I
don't hate the dentist I don't hate the
dentist I don't hate the dentist I can
do this
one movie down the vlogs not recorded
and these little men their minds are
being boarded so up to the kitchen we go
for some cereal a treat will be later
and I mean that for really Oh later
today is all you can say everything's
rhyming in the best pint of light is the
Grinch crying what a sob if you keep
whining I'll feed you corn on the cob
that's the only thing I can think of
that rhymes with sob what is that do you
guys like those why is this so cute to
watch Lincoln eat burrito is it yummy or
yucky did you get the wrong things no
they gave me the wrong things literally
just want to scream nothing is worse
than in your wife Bonnie the wimpiest
woman in the world has two problems my
Boston we got work to do
so you smell like burritos hey seven
three whales singing I think he's
arguing with himself up
I wish I knew what was going on in his
head he should seek Maggie
himself
this is the remainder of all of the
leaves in my yard
and I want them gone it's kind of nice
while we were gone yeah that little pile
right there is Boston's pile he made
that one we got lucky while we were gone
all of the leaves have dropped so what I
pick up now I shouldn't see any residual
anymore even like the neighbors trees
are empty This Is It this is it
we're buckling down I got to get the
four-wheeler out got to get a lot of
things done so that we are ready for the
next snowfall because those clouds don't
look quite like snow clouds but they're
coming snow clouds are coming come here
what sure is what does that mean there
you go I have something very devastating
to tell you what's so devastating about
give you a piece of candy they gave him
a piece of candy you couldn't scream
okay i'ma kiss yes you have your candy
give me a kiss mmm Oh yep gotta move my
hair lay down on your doggy he uses his
doggy as a pillow and we'll put this
blankie down on him
now here's for the devastating part do
you want your binky yeah you don't want
your binky oh where do you put your
binky oh you want it out okay I'll leave
it in your crib oh how come you don't
want your binky oh okay is it broken I
came in the other night and I was okay
okay
he kept shoving it in there he was
shoving it in there and he was a new
broken but now he won't even have it in
his crib Oh
the day I got that from China Bree said
Bonnie Lincoln will not take his binky
and he hasn't had it for four days I was
gonna get rid of his being key before I
left I thought no I'm not gonna leave
Bree was like a crazy baby that wants
his binky and came home and you just did
it all on your own
hey congratulations little boy
congratulations
thinking good news where's Lincoln I got
him all hyper by laughing at him when I
was trying to get a good thumbnail and I
think that it's just you guys I can't
get rid of this binky see all these baby
shoes I can't get rid of those either so
I'm just gonna stick that in with the
stuff and never get rid of it no we're
not gonna look at shoes lay down you
guys he thinks this is a joke if I leave
and he's not laying down no camera
broken Mama's gonna be mad if you don't
go to sleep no no I'll be mad close your
eyes and go to sleep okay and when you
wake up and when you wake up we'll play
with Olivia okay close your eyes say
good night mom
okay he is being silly I do think it's
hilarious I'm trying not to laugh no
good night well we'll see what happens
what you drinking thank you that's Ryan
we got some grape juice I got it right
from the bottle it moustachy is purple
about his mind Percival that's not true
I've been growing one for like three
days I do too look it's right there
right there it's nice oh yeah yeah yeah
I do I think I don't want to speak for
everybody but I think this is the very
first jar of our grape juice we actually
had some leftover jars of Bonnie's
parents that we've been going through
and I think this may be one of the first
jars of these grapes ever and it tastes
a little different it's not bad
different it's actually like a little
more tart still plenty sweet don't get
me wrong but it's got a little bit of a
bite to it a little more lipsmack - it's
that good staff story time when I walked
out story times right but you're gonna
eat it when I walked out to drop off a
load of leaves Boston was standing on
that garbage can playing by the fence
when I walked back into the yard
Boston was standing here on a pile of
bricks on this side of the fence because
he had totally just toppled over
it doesn't hurt no more what happened
you fell over the fence that's good to
know okay but if you eat jack your teeth
on that I'm gonna be sad and mad I'll be
SMAT SMAT that's my new word it's mad
that's when you're sad that your child
got hurt but mad because they were
dinking around smash cheese
and you are definitely not Cody hi
Sophie
the kids went on a field trip and they
watch the Aggies play did Olivia bring
that to you Olivia who won Cody I want
to hear all about your field trip I'm
number two is that oh my gosh
today my Ben wins the one who the heat
pick up poop today why I don't know Cody
that's incredible show me it again
okay duty and oh my gosh where'd you
learn it keep it holy did it really
you're good at that well now you're just
bending your knees you do it keep aiming
he uses a pouch to get the zombie mice
snakes and gold snake beetles and a jar
but I don't know what it is
it sounds disgusting
easy do you wanna go see daddy
whose boots are you wearing la voz who's
I don't know what you're saying but
you're wearing Cody's boots do you hear
the way he talks
Yeah right I mean sometimes I don't know
what he says he's got your last load is
that daddy's car it does stink that's
all that broughton grass right there it
is packed here the dump everybody
dropping off their leaves and we've got
to empty this trailer
for a million
sorry summer
okay stop your feet up real good
shanku dance good leap things all right
get in the truck that's definitely a
task I did not feel like doing but it's
just one of those things you got to get
done so if you have a task but you have
been neglecting to do just go get it
then you're gonna feel better understand
feel like a million bucks right now
having that done and you will too we
have had a good day today and hope you
guys like the video if you do give it a
thumbs up we'll see you tomorrow bye
guys
