it's Monday morning we got home over the
weekend and I thought for sure that we'd
be able to take the weekend to recover
and that would be like we're ready to go
Monday morning and we still like crap
Boston what keeps me I wanted to show
the kids getting their gifts from China
and all that but I just I just really
wanted to give them my hundred percent
attention and didn't want to like have a
camera in their face so we just took the
weekend and spent every minute together
I think we all enjoyed it did we have a
good weekend yeah yes Captain Underpants
enjoyed his weekend you're teaching your
brother well oh let him have a pair of
underwear Boston I came in the other day
he had taken his pants off turned him
inside out and put them on inside out
Wow is that funny to you you're such a
good sister like all right back to
eating my cereal anyway this morning is
bad I know we're whining and complaining
but while we're waiting you complaining
I have one last thing to say my teeth
have been aching 18 aching the whole
time yeah but our swelling is gone you
so huge
Olivia's getting us shoes on and she's
like mom what do you want me to have the
boys do or when I leave because I just
don't want you to take care of them by
yourself while I'm gone why why do you
think of things like that huh
I try and tell Olivia to just be a kid
to not worry about adult things you just
worry about things for me and I
to get her just to relax and make it
that's just in your nature there's
nothing I can do to change it you worry
too much you just need to be a kid she
needs some ways to edit the blogs -
she's a good girl do you see a tractor
so exciting we had a bunch of laundry
done at the hotel and we came home
thinking okay I wanted to like wash it
no sir everything is still super super
smoky and just not smelling very good so
I'm gonna put cheese in here actually
put two soaps and do extra rinse there
we go yeah no lie though bending over
and sorting the laundry and just doing
the small thing that I did I'm dizzy I'm
sweaty I'm lightheaded did you smash
your toe okay I'm gonna have you come
sit on the toilet trying to wrangle
these kids this morning has literally
been an absolute joke you're gonna sit
right here while I do Boston's hair and
then Boston you're gonna sit right here
while I do Lincoln's hair okay it's
called cause what it's called a freckle
it's either a freckle or a mole but you
have that ever since you were born
after having it days away from the kids
I came along thinking I am going to be
the most patient the most loving and I
swear the second I walked in the door
I've been yelling ever since I've been
trying my very best I know they need my
love and attention because I haven't
been around for nine ten days and I
swear to you guys it's been the most
difficult of my life trying to be
patient with the kid having jet lag I'm
just holy crap
ask the kids what they wanted to do
before quiet time and the only thing
Boston said he wanted to do was teach
Lincoln how to use his paw patrol Tower
if they need Marshall and sky good job
if the choppers talking with you yeah we
can get close to it but they're not this
is wrong as Lincoln and putting Zumba on
the elevator
can you go look on the other side Jonah
look through it they show him how to
look oh my goodness Boston yeah yeah you
should definitely ask your parents to
buy you a lookout tower we have other
things Spin Master for sponsoring
today's video and for sending us the paw
patrol My Size lookout tower you guys
know from past videos that my kids
absolutely love paw patrols and all of
their toys I'll have other information
listed in the description below if you
guys want to check it out I was so
confused why I have so many medical
bills coming in when we just had like a
bunch of well checks is because the
insurance had the wrong date for
Lincoln's birthday so I'm on hold
waiting to get all of that straightened
out and I have to show you those fun
speaker fun and while we wait I want to
show these guys you're steering all
right let's see that steering wheel and
what do you do if you have to honk at
people can you bend your thumbs
backwards can you do firm thumbs-up like
that does your thumbs do that let's see
huh
let's see look physically like it they
just don't go back that far do they that
steers you where's it go Styria next he
has a stained thumb from Cheetos my mom
said that when she had wink at her
Boston she goes we had the best time but
finally towards the end she had to say
Boston do not what me do not what me
that's a huge steering well I said mom
don't worry I had to tell him to stop
wetting me as well because everything
has
I wish that everybody could have the
Boston hug fat soft cheeks on their face
nice chubby arms around their neck
my favorite hug the day I got home
Boston said mom I missed quiet he really
missed quiet times so we had a bunch of
quiet time to make up for Anna yeah holy
crap I do not have a ton for you guys to
have an after-school snack so we're
gonna have leftovers for dinner you guys
want me to yes this is what we're gonna
do it yep we're gonna do a tortilla with
some cheese in it good morning Lincoln
Lee Kane did you sleep good
okay he's a little cranky that's okay I
gotta put your clothes away
Boston bring that back in here for
Lincoln honey you can't tease him like
that when he's just waking up
what you just think you're so so big
getting out of your crib by yourself huh
when he's done you come play with it yes
let me go see look he's already done see
I am do you see how fast that was yeah
yep Wow Wow
Oh things are escalating so quickly okay
let him play with the deck Cody is
obsessed with his online thank you for
showing that to me here it is after
school and whittling two hours down to
15 minutes is ridiculous
I know well and it was really hard when
we were there because we didn't want to
film too much because we knew we only
wanted to do like two blogs but there
was just so much that we wanted to
record as we go back and we watch the
footage I just feel like we're not able
to capture the way that it was there do
you know what I mean there's a few
things I want to tell you guys about
China that I didn't say in the blogs do
you need a snack let's get you a snack
come on do you want a banana no you
can't have a treat you can have a banana
join a banana no treat
join a banana cake then nothing do you
want an apple okay we agreed on an apple
something that didn't know is that
because there's still a communist
country to I'm saying my words right
Christianity is not allowed there it's
against the law something else that I
was not fully aware of is that as of
recently they've made it law that you
can have two kids
up until sorry I'm trying to clean an
apple here up until recently up until
recently then I'm gonna cut it you want
me to cut it you wanna cut it you guys
remember last
no sharp knife you can pretend to cut it
with that up until recently they were
only allowed by law to have one child
and they've changed the lie think like a
sometimes I go I don't really know up to
two children they're allowed to have two
children which is why any time we would
go anywhere they wanted to see pictures
of our family because they think it
incredible yeah I think it's incredible
and amazing that we're able to have as
many kids as we want ki usually made me
want to come home and have a kid just
because of the fact that I was allowed
to
I have Olivia's piano books I'm taking
the trek Joel is going to go pick up the
suburban it is being detailed for us
because we just haven't had time Joel
I'll see you at six o'clock you come
they hate me at the salon at six o'clock
I won't eat you there this is long at
six o'clock we came home with a list a
mile long of things to do I feel a
little guilty that I'm paying someone to
wash the suburban and to cut the boys
hair but I need help I needed that extra
help so this is Joel's music guys come
here coat
let's see your hair Jane's the one that
has shown me that I need to grow out all
of his calyx those of you guys that have
been watching for long time know how
strong those calyx are and I used to
literally just cut them off but he's
convinced me to let it grow you can see
on this night it's perfectly blended but
it's just you can see his calyx are
still needing to grow out a little on
this side the weight when it grows
longer will help to hold it down but
Cody I think it looks good Shane and I
were talking about how when we have bad
days when
angry and he comes to work he puts on a
good face and I would never know it and
I said hey that's a lot of logging is
today I'm not really feeling it and I'm
not in the best of moods but I told him
I said in the blog you probably wouldn't
really be able to see totally that mood
portraying through the blogging tree can
sense it but it's not like in your face
I'm in a bad mood
so we've both had to put on a face today
because we're both 9 this is Joel's
first time in the salon and he was like
pointing to the toolbox like the toolbox
is so cool so he thinks it's cool
shaking I was gonna leave the two boys
with Joel while Joel gets his hair cut
and then I was gonna take these two but
I don't think that Cody and Boston are
gonna be able to sit any longer so I'm
just gonna take him with me no it's good
it'll be good because I want you to like
sit and relax and get your haircut I'm
not always the nicest when I catch okay
so you got in trouble with BRE while I
was gone a lot or a little just not so
much but someone everybody out of my car
no no no go go go nvm everybody we are
calling it a night we love you guys
thank you so much for watching thanks
for watching our China vlogs and we'll
see you guys tomorrow
