is getting into one
that's him daddy T daddy T I'm not sure
what's going on
going from one trade I love this woman
for Metro Slater and we made it to Hong
Kong I have done a terrible job of owing
everybody where we've been where we're
going just tell us a few places we've
been we have been to Shanghai Shenzhen
Guangzhou
in New York City there's just
unbelievable cars mother
- Lamborghinis just breaks down the
right this perfectly shows how it is
here you have this amazing tall
beautiful expensive building and then
you have these older buildings right
here and they're all just lying together
I was telling Natalie I wish I could
capture things so much better I mean
staying here older beautiful building
tall new beautiful building I just love
it all so here in Hong Kong it was under
Great Britain's rule still kinda has
kind of isn't debatable whether it's
China or Hong Kong on this side of the
road okay thank you for that I'm scared
I'm cutting it off because I do not know
what's gonna come out of that man's
mouth we're just finishing up our lunch
here and we're all just like sitting
here talking about the differences of
Kong and China and the US I can honestly
tell you guys I've only been around this
group of people for a few days and I
truly love them I love these people that
have fallen into my life and I have
prayed I didn't even know that I was
praying to me them I'm trying to say I
didn't even know that I needed
my life and their life changing
listening to the event
just like every part in the sea
than we ever we're not very smart but
when my heart knows of me it tells you
who knows it
we've got a little og nunnery and in the
nunnery there's a temple in a temple in
this room behind us there's a Buddha
statue that goes from the floor to the
ceiling all the way sadly taking
pictures like she always says
the bathrooms here are little holes in
the ground they don't have toilets I
have to squat down on the floor I think
that's what else they don't have toilet
paper or soap in the bathroom we are
here at another Factory and every time
we get out and look at any of the
buildings around us every time John has
the same comment it's all the tiling in
your house everything they did that to
the outside filling a humongous atoll I
owe them can you imagine how long it
would take to do that
that's all tile that's subway tile the
lateral back here incredible I like the
things that Joel picked out and this
fire hydrant the hydrants this right
here is the factory and this right here
is actually like the dorms houses of the
employees and any factory worker here in
China our factory manager he's
responsible to provide a factory safe
place for them to work then a home for
them food everything plus their wage
which is kind of cool that's not the way
everybody thinks the China manufacturing
standards if it's legit factory recently
they just shut down over five factories
and people that we work with they will
not I mean that's why we're here we and
we're inspecting factories because we
will not work with factories that are
not do so far legit and that don't take
care of their employees like that's
something that's really important to the
men
and to us
this is the first time that I have felt
the slightest fit cool and I am
embracing it to the fullest because I
have been hot and sweaty and stinky this
whole time and it feels so good to be in
some fresh air yes you always are and
that's okay mama feels good so basically
there's a rope around the birds necks
that is only tight enough so the fish
doesn't go down the fish are attracted
to the light they get the fish they feed
the birds everyone's happy
the birds are now feasting they are
rewarded good morning you guys I woke up
this morning and I had no idea what we
were about to do see the thing is is I
just showed up on this trip and Jase and
all the men you guys just had this like
trip planned and I had no clue what we
were doing I want to show everyone
behind us there's those mountains and
like the shadows so you just go I have
no idea what we were doing we're on a
boat ride and this boat ride is four
hours
seeing the mountains here reminds me of
the mountains in Hawaii and this is all
I ever wanted to do was get up close and
be right there in the mountains and I
have like this perfect a panda forest
this community over here even though
we're in China is a Muslim community
one little two little three little
riverboats the boobs truths not really a
booze cruise it's just a cruise there's
lunch provided
everybody
oh my goodness back crowd was and
everyone was like touching you I know
they get it going you're gonna get hit
by that band you gotta move see they're
honking at you they're like thanks for
helping together the way sir
don't really want to do these try coming
out yep I see it
this is a tiny replica of where we are
see this little area this is where we're
standing right now I believe
Bonnie and Lincoln
before we are all preys on this man I
just have to say goodnight and goodbye
to you all and everybody in here is the
most awesome people to travel with all
their links will be in the description
below and there's amazing we love you
guys
