you guys please do not tell me you are
sick I don't think you're really sick I
think you might be sick it's kind of
hard to tell sometimes little kids like
to fake it we're telling the kids
goodbye this morning and the only thing
that's gonna keep Lincoln quiet is his
bucket of candy so he's just gonna have
this bucket of candy early this morning
so we're going to China and you guys are
gonna stay with brie and please be so
good okay and we're gonna get you some
play-doh we'll go in on a trip okay well
overdose on candy for brie day after
Halloween made it to the Seattle
Washington Airport had to check our bags
I did not want to do that we don't want
to lose them we are here and we are
getting ready to board a plane to China
with Ellie and Jared from the Ellie and
Jared show and Rachael and Jace from the
ohana adventure you go and we love them
I love
we flew 17 hours today I cried on the
plane twice because I was so anxious and
was the word restless and when nobody
would trade seats of weep so I was not
sitting by anyone yeah that's so fun
oh that's so cute all right well let's
give three hours of sleep before we
gotta get up that's right hey bud I
don't know if that's supposed to happen
or not but there's a lot of water it's
just coming out of the bathroom it's all
about it I think that it's supposed to
happen because all the floors are sloped
in I know that's a drain but why
wouldn't they have a drain over here
it's like going out the door because you
know let's see the floor slopes in an
inner stream there as well my conclusion
is that it's supposed to be that way no
it's not a vacation with Bonnie unless
she brings a pair of scissors and cuts a
pair of pants in half there's our palm
tree right there
staring at us Chia pen one of the guys
that's kind of putting everything
together here for us
he says that's not supposed to happen in
the shower so we're down here eating
breakfast makes it Ellie can you believe
that we're doing we're doing this
no we cannot I haven't even addressed so
we're here on a business trip slash
leisure and we're going to show you guys
that the leisure side of it because
that's a little more entertaining that's
like what I want to capture and remember
so just in case you want to take the the
entire little I guess yeah it's one bag
counts is one bag yeah
it's gone ahead
Shantay so I'm just gonna get in there
girl
your guys's lunch wins
cross the streets of China Julie I'm
losing yeah oh okay good work meet
Rachel holding hands you're too slow Joe
they said to watch for the bicycle is
too big well not real
we learned how to say thank you in
Chinese she she she she she she she she
she she okay I didn't learn how I still
suck at it
she and when the men say it it's
more like she should but when the girl
says she she I think I don't know it's a
lot like my Spanish I'm not really
fluent in it yes there's a fight going
on here and everybody is watching
honey is watching this jacket you don't
know it's
someone she she and she offends like no
you just said piss I'm like Oh amends
date thank you not she should be piss on
your fabric sorry yes she's really did
was probably pretty this was kind of
crazy
this is wild I feel like we're on
Amazing Race right now we're gonna win a
million bucks
you're gonna spend about
I just want to show you guys the streets
it's just crazy people are on their
bikes everywhere and we've seen little
tiny babies down into little things and
they just carry their little kids around
I'm a sweaty hot mess but we honestly we
have got so much work done today
you guys good job we all did so bad and
I don't think I - you in the blog this
is Natalie and her husband Richie we
know we can't ask for a massage massage
massage you lord you cannot ask for that
massage massage shut em asaji
we're at the spa but I don't think we're
allowed to film in here yeah we were
told there's no filming in here so I'll
just show you the opening a part of the
place because it is really pretty
okay I'm not sure what fingernail waxing
is but I don't want to do it on their
nails on their cuticles they have pre
we're up and going this morning and I
have something very very ironic and
funny so I was following Natalie Norton
on Instagram I was following this story
didn't even know that it was you you're
Natalie nor Anna I know you as Natalie
but not Natalie nor eggs he's so happy I
our best friend I know how did I not see
your face because I'm so much prettier
in real life of her Instagram link in
the description because her page is
really cute and she has are really sweet
sweet story and you're so sweet
and I know this is really silly but like
an emotional just because of like the
way they're treating us who gets to do
what we're doing I just it just makes me
I feel very good over here and that
we're meeting these people put up
chicken
Oh
do you like it they serve their water
boiling literally they use a tea a tea
kettle and they serve your water no no
thanks thank you
there you go
I just got off at the massage yeah you
called that you got that come over and
I'll press up to be honest I'm not
exactly sure what we're doing but I know
we are shocking people we're going
shopping and we're bartering learning
our favorite game
something that's a lot different is that
everyone smoke and they smoke everywhere
inside to fill in the spa everyone
smoked inside and everywhere one cop
just ran into the other I know all the
other you laughing
because I didn't want to show you those
are good toilets you squat you do not
face the door you face the wall or you
will get pee on your feet there is no
toilet paper provided in here I don't
have to it's just a little different the
doggy
hyoma tfn brought us into his friend
hilton and she is going to custom-make
and she's gonna have it done for suits
in two days apparently she's the best
is this the machine you use here just
there detour walk Oh boss oh I see like
that's beautiful to see mm-hmm I loved
it tfn just like put us in a cab told
the cab driver where to take us and now
we're going we're just trusting he'll
get us there
feel like my dad just pinned like a
twenty dollar bill to my shirt colors
like okay get him home thanks T have a
really nice time
it's gonna feel so good to go home or to
go to the hotel and go to sleep we're so
tired we have a huge dig in tomorrow so
we're gonna close the vlog take that to
you guys a little see you tomorrow
say bye to China oh that's what I was
gonna say China kind of reminds us of
New York City interestingly enough
