okay a few months ago bonnie did her 50
things about her video and she told me
Jill start compiling a list of 50 things
about you and some memories and things
like that so I finally completed it and
I want to present to you some of our
high school experiences and 50 things
about me when I started filming this I
was actually up in the bedroom just like
Bonnie wasn't hers not starting to make
the bed I thought this is this is
there's too much girl here I can't do it
I got to go to the manliest room I know
and my sheds disgusting so I came down
to the food storage from my camping gear
food storage it's freezing in here I had
to go get this shirt on so I'd actually
be warm but anyway 50 things about me
first thing I hate being barefoot I
absolutely hate being barefoot
you wouldn't think this would be a
sensitive subject in our family but it
bothers Bonnie that I don't like being
barefoot so I'm even wearing my slippers
as we speak now I grew up with five boys
in my family and my dad grew up with
only five boys in his family no sisters
for either of us I started running in
the eighth grade for an exercise but I
started because a girl I knew was
running in the mornings so she said on
the instachat back in the day anyway I
never did see her and I just kept with
that I just enjoyed it so much and so I
ran for years and years after and I've
always been a pretty good runner I hate
the New York Yankees I am an Eagle Scout
and there are five Eagle Scouts in my
family I've never been to a homecoming
dance turns out every year for the last
day of summer me and my buddies would do
something a little too ridiculous I
would get grounded until homecoming was
over so it's my own fault I've never
been to a homecoming when I was in high
school i lettered in wrestling and I
only started wrestling because I got cut
from the baseball team the year before
and I decided let's do a new sport and
my dad was a good wrestler
so I started wrestling I did okay my
favorite color is mint green like 1940s
machinery style green and it's because
it's the color of my grandma Carrigan's
house when I was in high school I used
to sleep out on my trampoline alone
mostly because it was just nice cool
weather and it was fun waking up to the
Sun morning but there was a pretty good
chance the girl would text me that night
and we'd talk and I snuck out a lot off
of that trampoline sorry mom and dad
you're hearing this but I got caught one
night because a girl stopped by my house
and knocked on my door and like 9
o'clock at night
he does that my dad came out to get me
and I was gone so got caught thanks
Jamie
when I was a little boy every year for
Halloween I would dress up as an army
guy or a hunter in hopes that I would
get some kind of a toy gun or I would
get a dress up in camouflage or
something one of my favorite memories of
all time is going to Flaming Gorge with
all of my young men group from church
and we were cliff diving off 100-foot
cliffs and funny story about that I
wasn't gonna do it I was actually gonna
cower down but all sudden this young
women's group comes by and they're like
well if you're not gonna go we're gonna
go and I just ran and jumped off been
doing that jump ever since I love
Flaming Gorge I used to be a one-upper
come by my table and say hi the whole
family's here all three of us I can with
your tools there's six of us so like
double bigger than your I've never met
either of my grandfather's I've always
been fascinated with machinery the way
something works that I something is put
together how your car runs all that kind
of stuff it just fascinates the heck out
of me and because of it modern marvels
from Discovery Channel was like one of
my favorite shows ever growing up and I
still am in a trance whenever I watch it
I tricked Bonnie into our very first
kiss that sounds a little creepy and
like that creep I don't think so anyway
we were out in the hall for summaries at
the same time in high school and she was
walking by and she did one of those like
suit by your face almost kiss you but
not and I was like blue light bulb
you wouldn't dare do that and she's all
oh yeah comes back plants one on me we
go back in the gym can't smack the smile
on my face and never been able to smack
it up since I prefer cakes and pastries
not candy she used to hate frosting if I
could go back in time to any generation
it would be 1940s with the greatest
generation one of my favorite classes in
high school was mr. Heinz class I didn't
have any friends in that class which
meant I was forced to pay attention and
I really enjoyed it I started reading
books like the old man of the sea and
kind of fell in love with it I prefer
brunettes the blonds any day my favorite
book is The Millionaire Next Door my
first set of stitches ever came from a
butcher's knife
these ground-floor teeth have fake one
of my brothers actually through a record
at me when I was a little boy and it hit
this tooth and broke it clean in half
and ever since that I've had trouble
with all the rest of these teeth so we
just got em all replaced my elementary
crush was Hilary door knock when I was
in elementary I stole a dollar bill off
my
dressier thinking I'll go to school and
buy me like a pencil or something I
don't know whatever I wanted come to
find out that was a hundred dollar bill
that I have stolen off my mom's dresser
and she was very very mad and when I
showed it to one of my friends I was
like I'll buy the whole store I got in a
lot of trouble for that I never
understood the game crypto I guess I
wasn't smart enough I used to hate soda
little boy it just tasted terrible to me
and burned I drink Mountain Dew from a
can and Dr Pepper from fountain my first
ever Mountain Dew that I drank was a
Star Wars Edition I didn't want to drink
it but I was mowing a lawn trying to
earn some money probably the paper or
something for Bonnie it was hot that was
the only thing the guy gave me to drink
and I've been loving it ever since
I prefer salt over pepper I hate white
cake ice cream really weird my brother
Jeff baptized me I embarrassed really
easy
I love jeans I could live in jeans I
could sleep in jeans I'm relaxed in
jeans actually caused some confrontation
in our marriage because Bonnie hates
jeans and she gets mad when I'm still
wearing that that sounds funny to me
she's thinking you're not relaxing if
you're wearing jeans it just is not
comprehend a ball to her I am so relaxed
in jeans and I love them the only time
I've ever been knocked out was from
swinging upside down in my hammock
thanks Jamie I wet the bed for a long
time I used to stay up at night and
listen to cable 93's Loveline hoping
that somebody at night would call in and
dedicate a song to me I don't know why I
never called in and dedicated a song to
Bonnie because she said she listened to
it too not the smartest the smartest
move the moment I met Bonnie I knew she
would be in my life forever
one time in high school Ellie walked in
on me and Bonnie kissing one of my
favorite high school memories is walking
Bonnie home through Sandridge Park when
I was in junior high my best friend was
going out with Bonnie and I didn't like
it at all I really had a cleaning for
Bonnie and so one night at his house I
was like I think you and Bonnie should
end it I think you should just call her
break up with her right now and I know
it was actually hard for him and Bonnie
but I honestly like the device of their
relationship meant the beginning of mine
sorry Mike an embarrassing story I don't
even know if one you'll remember this we
both arrived at high school at the same
time we got out of our cars and we're
walking in I was like hi sweetheart how
are you that she goes all honey you've
got toothpaste on the side of your mouth
and I had toothpaste deal on a side of
my mouth least I brush my teeth right
that's all that matters
after I started running for that girl I
would kind of make my jog past other
girlfriends houses and I ended up
getting it up to ten miles that was a
long run but I was always scared to run
past Bonnie's house her dad scared me a
little bit I always thought to myself if
Bonnie doesn't wait for me while I'm on
my mission Julie and Ellie are good
candidates too
I can play the drums one time in high
school I told Bonnie she could take my
truck and select class and that same day
my mom needed to get something out of
that truck and lo and behold when she
pulled into the parking lot bonnie was
pulling out of the parking lot and it
created an awkward
mother-in-law confrontation both my
parents and Bonnie's parents told us we
wouldn't marry each other
that was in junior high doc that was in
junior high Bonnie and I were never like
officially a thing in junior high but I
always wanted it to happen and then in
high school she started liking the
seniors lame-o when her stupid senior
finally graduated him left I thought to
myself I don't think Bonnie really cares
anymore we're still good friends but I
just don't know if it's gonna be
romantic at all anyway one day we slept
class together and went for a drive and
we just talked we just talked about what
each other had done for the past year
because we didn't talk as much before
that after our drive we walked back into
class and I remember thinking I just
rekindled the greatest relationship I've
ever had in my life and I was so excited
and I remember going to church that
Sunday telling my teacher I'm going to
marry
Bonnie Griffis what's up
there you go there's 50 facts about me
now you know me a little bit better and
hopefully be in Bonnie's high school
relationship a little bit better it's
one of the most tender of times of our
lives and I don't think we can look on
it either of us without getting a little
bit maybe choked up or a little bit
excited there's always a smile it's just
it's neat the Bonnie and I have their
relationship and I'm excited I've known
Bonnie 19 years now thanks so much for
watching guys if you liked the video
give it a thumbs up give it a thumbs up
for Bonnie cuz it's Bonnie we'll see you
guys thumbs up for my man cave you're
probably eat something in here there's
pistachios and jerky all right start a
fire go fishing bonnie kissed a lot of
my friends well that's not fact about me
I'm sorry I'm sorry
