why do you do it we're gonna check her
sheet here and
granny gave us hope I'm a pumpkin tree
with um runs and then a tit evil and
green frostings that you're dead I think
you're gonna like kill us a life it's
Halloween
yeah who wants to put the costume on now
we do have to be careful because Lincoln
got crayon all over these don't color on
my carpet don't go my carpet Olivia you
are the cutest purple crayon I've ever
seen in my life this is so cute seeing
mommy get ready I haven't seen Olivia's
costume on her she looks awesome
she loves I was like draw me a princess
today you know you can you want lipstick
on your nose I was like if you want to
be a princess you can she's like no I
want to be a crayon
violet you're turning violet wisteria
you're an angry crayon talk about the
worst situation ever I was in the middle
of my shower and they are working on
water lines for the neighbors but there
was no announcement that they were
shutting water IDEs off on my house so
the water just completely shut off on my
house well I'm leaving the dentist I
went in thinking that I would be okay to
not numb myself but not my area that he
was working on nope just about came out
of the chair bawled like a baby then
they done to me and now I'm good to go
so now I'm good to eat all the Halloween
candy I want right no I'm just kidding
this is actually probably a really good
thing cuz it's like alright well now I'm
just not gonna eat any Halloween candy
because my
yay well that's embarrassing Bonnie sent
me a text message saying that her
dentists point wasn't going well so I
thought they were gonna have to do a
root canal got in the car drove down as
fast as I possibly could didn't even
stop the receptionist to see if bonnie
was there I just went straight back
walked past all the rooms like where's
Bonnie
where's Bonnie where's funny she wasn't
even though they're all oh yes she left
him like what great day for construction
right happy trick-or-treating busted are
you ready to go see the parade that's
the best little crayon I've ever seen
I'm starving I can't eat my tongue is
numb I couldn't put lipstick on because
I couldn't feel it it was just too weird
yeah oh I've been an emotional wreck
today we're leaving on our trip tomorrow
and I'm really sad to be leaving the
kids I really am and I feel like we
focused so much on getting ready for
this trip that we have not been able to
focus on Halloween but we got our work
done this morning and we're not doing
anything until the kids go to bed we're
focusing on them now
hi you look so pretty have fun
the older kids holding their little tiny
sibling can play in the parade go to
school here have them you gotta go and
pretty fun do you know how many kids I
had run up and give me hugs and say that
was so cute
and so fun but I seriously need to stop
talking and breathing with my mouth open
because my teeth are killing me you guys
look so cute in the parade today did you
make this at school today oh my god it's
so cute
Olivia so cute good job now that
everyone's home we're gonna head over to
Aunt Ellie's house we're gonna have a
fun lunch we're gonna play Halloween
scavenger stop we're gonna play bingo
are you guys ready to go but you have to
get your crayon outfit on you are gonna
be a crayon like the rest of us will
surprise you with Lincoln's crayon okay
do you want to wear your crayon oh he
wants to be a crayon first we're gonna
change your stinky diaper want to be the
crayon okay you gotta lay down we'll
change your diaper oh my
no ser√≠a you put your crayon on that
you got lipstick all over yeah it seems
like poop in here sorry cute I know
Lincoln let me see you are you looking
at my hat it looks just like your hat I
agree they found on my family tights hey
you are wearing them again that bag is
already full we haven't even got
trick-or-treating at Kody it's a lot of
candy where would you like me to carry
this camera this is some kind of a sick
joke
this box is hollow underneath lady free
hiding your keys mr. holy don't even ask
to see my phone oh dear heavens Joel
you're teaching the kids bad things
Pilon yeah green sucker that's the only
color he knows it's green
those dang cowboy boots okay what's in
your drink Cody do you see that they're
not real you can go ahead and drink it
if you don't want to drink it you don't
have to show me to hold that on your
eyeball Jared is being so nice he's a
better photographer than any of us hold
on hold on living things is up you guys
are being good be good are you don't eat
candy that is Calvin's dog Pat and they
keep fighting over some waiting until he
realizes that he's wearing the dark
pants
ghost-type you for Halloween Lincoln is
a hot mess
did you guys have fun is that a doggy I
know it looks just like penny put your
candy in the oh wow now look Lincoln
listen when you go to the houses you got
to say Trick or Treat
like yeah Trick or Treat smell my feet
give me something to eat no trick or
treat lucky me okay come on yeah that's
a pumpkin
when they can get there
let's go to the next one
that's a pumpkin that's a pumpkin
you're gonna miss the house if you don't
hurry last year Boston could barely keep
up his legs were so tired and this time
it's your turn to be so so tired hey
Olivia you're such a good helper thank
you for not letting him walk straight
into people's houses are you guys having
fun
what yep nope just went to /a Brenda
excellent is aware that I feel like it's
magical watching Lincoln learn how to
trick-or-treat we've watched all of our
kids go through this stage and it's
magical to me every time see Olivia wait
for me we go to the same houses every
year we're heading to sister rocks house
we're going to Debbie's house we're
going to all of our friends in our ward
let's go scare Boston because he's so
scared that someone's gonna try to scare
him that he's like nervous did that
scare you
give us some candy excuse us
wheeze and candy out here good night
happy Halloween the best part of
Halloween was coming home and trading
your candy with your siblings oh yes sir
you have more than Cody for sure Oh
trade him of bubblegum Boston okay you
can't take his bubblegum honey take your
treats back why don't you bite it in
half and share it with them think you
could do that how's it in your fighting
just bite it there you go thank you
okay what do you say code isn't that
awesome tomorrow morning if you wake up
and all of your candy is gone what are
you gonna think do you think you'll fall
for it again
Boston if you wake up and all your candy
is gone what will you say no you did not
eat funny joke
you guys are too smart for that and
Boston has told me all month long if you
take my candy I'm gonna know that you're
lying I'm like there are too smart to me
do you know what Lincoln's not smart
enough to do it but you can't tell him
about our joke otherwise oh no don't you
tell him if you guys want to see her
Jimmy Kimmel videos I will link them in
the description below along with all of
our other Halloween videos because those
are our favorites the holiday ones how
videos if you're new to our channel
subscribe and follow us along on our
life's journey have a good night you
guys and happy Halloween from the whole
lanes
