the wind has been blowing like the
dickens all morning long and I'm hoping
it picks up just a little bit more
because the more it blows the less leads
I have to rake up later today it just
keeps coming in spurts and I can't quite
catch it in time look at their lawns
empty bullets capturing all of them and
there goes more across the street a
minute ago it looked like there was just
smoke going across the whole street and
everything because there were so many
leaves going by it's a windy day it's
cold it's obviously turn because that
tree try to keep it so still but the
wind blow that leaves yes every time you
walk over here I keep trying to catch
this degwin but every second I walk over
here it just dies off it's like waiting
for me teasing me this is book this
morning bunny woke up in a bad mood or
no no she said she wasn't feeling very
good that's what I was she's not feeling
very good not a bad mood so I thought
I'll come down here or something yummy
get her treats so he came to Jamba Juice
that'll start a day off right now
hopefully this will put Bonnie in a
better mood I mean maker feelin just a
bit better today
keep going guys keep those leaves
pushing I don't want to rake anything
today let's go hi bud
thinking my dad does that taste so good
to you honey
hey yes well I told you not to get it on
your shirt and guess what you have done
a wonderful job of not getting it on
your shirt let me see your face see when
he gets hurt
what I know people think I'm ridiculous
I didn't ask you to do this he does this
when oh shut it
he does this when I'm in a bad mood he's
trying to like put me in I don't feel
good
I kind of don't like I just feel the
hard
I honestly think I'm just stressed about
leaving I think I'm stressed about
leaving and my butterfly I've got
butterflies I've got like you're only
going to August in a couple of days Joel
oh so cute he's like your outfit is so
cute he's like but you really need
tennis shoes I'm like well I don't act
any shows I have black booties or
flip-flops and the flip-flops didn't go
so this is what we chose thinking any
idea what your son did this morning said
you had girl pads and shoes me wearing
your pink crap
well it means you're going into the
garbage these are men's pants they are
men's pants and you look so man
that's how the leather bell rings I am
going to opt-in today to get my hair
done so that's what I'm gonna go do
about my hair in my bag and go get my
hair done
I know Boston is so sad because you just
wants to have quiet time with me today
but I won't be quiet I'm it makes you so
sad it makes me just not want to go at
all
dad will get you all the way set up for
quiet time okay and you can still have a
fun quiet time you can even have quiet
time you want to do that yeah okay so
dad will lay a blanket out on my bed and
you can have all the toys that we talked
about and ask whatever treats you want
and you can watch whatever you want on
my bed okay okay does that sound like
fun yeah okay and you can do it when
when you get to the fair thing what
would be kind of right now about these
are manly masculine pants hey once when
I told mom I didn't really like these
pants and she said I should wear them
because they're masculine
they're just fine nobody'll question
whether they're girls pants not well
they're gonna fans they're actually guys
pants but everybody thinks they're girls
pay to solve their girls pants hey
there's no crying on the camera but do
you like your new shirt mommy got for
you fine you take a good nap I'll see
you in a little bit I love you did you
move this chair over here for me to get
up in there you already know it's quiet
time I think one of these bags is busted
right there that one's yours you can
have your quiet time stuff now don't
make a mess what do you tell everybody
for sending you that I came out here
trying to blow the leaves around trying
to get them all the way from the house
to get them all picked up this is like
working against the wind literally every
time I just turn the blower on and blow
this area off it just blows right back
all through here blow this off it blows
right back through here the nice part
about this big kind of linger for a long
time like look at this back fence just a
little bit of leaves against the wall
there and all the sudden there's a leaf
pile just go straight up the fence how
many leaves have gone into the neighbors
yards and stuff on the plus side of
these things
the entire front yard is almost all
though I cleaned up 15 more minutes and
that's gonna be completely gone over
there I feel bad for whoever's yard that
is going into but
what physically don't know how my days
gonna get any worse just broke up Xtreme
you see it flapping in the wind as if
it's mocking me haha you can't carry me
now you got to carry me like a football
there like a wide receiver running in
the house you in trouble yes what is
it's a pretty deep trouble
he didn't do anything that was
drastically wrong what he did do is the
same exact thing over and over and over
again are you learning from your
mistakes you know but I've been in your
shoes I don't know how many times you
know I got grounded a lot when I was a
kid yeah I got in trouble a lot as a kid
so you're gonna help me go take those
downstairs the laundry room and come
back up
bushes
Wow you'd be careful that's a little
sharp knife no I don't think that's
gonna go in your room with you okay I
know but I know kids you know who gave
you that man who Neal you'll always
remember that cody has two but he's
older and when you get bigger I'll get
you one - okay all right dad's got to
finish wrapping these bushes
kids all stopped me Olivia show me what
you got
who gave that to you oh my gosh did he
give you one too oh but he said you
didn't have one so he gave you oh my god
I told the kids to go over and visit one
of our older neighbors and apparently
they scored big-time on the wind is
insane oh my gosh so hard he was pushing
us and we can hear oh my gosh well you
guys need to move out of my way so I can
pull in the driveway don't blow away so
Joel's gonna go down and visit his dad
he's having back surgery tomorrow oh my
hair is looking a little moldy ish
because of the wind you know dad's gonna
take you Kody and Boston dad's gonna
take you know because me and you have
piano lessons tonight yep to visit his
dad and see him before he goes in for
surgery okay my eyes are closed my eyes
are closed hey I'm not looking well
don't drop it behind there I'm not
looking at my eyes are so closed oh my
goodness where did you get those or one
of the packages that were sent yeah hey
do you know what your eyes do you know
what my biggest concern was today I
wondered what did Boston do I have time
did you have fun yeah so you've got some
tweezers in there okay I'm thinking um
and we don't this there's this sign I'm
sorry you're like a nail filer awesome
wait now right next to the tweezers is a
toothpick right so those are the
tweezers I know
this is the toothpick cue how much candy
of you in waiting v my brother Jeff and
I drove down in Josh Medus here in Roy
to come down and get my dad a blessing
he is gonna be operated on soon and
hopefully fixed but they're working on
your back not your head though right but
we thought we bring the little boys with
us for a good car ride and grandmas been
feeding them full of candy do you want
him to her do you want him to ride in
the back so what a grandma serve up for
you guys
Oh candy and peanut butter jelly on a on
a hamburger bun it's like we're in a
hurricane there's no bread left just
hamburger buns yes this is the story of
my life you had a paper towel a sandwich
and potato chips that's that's all you
tell them good luck well then I hope you
have a good surgery hope it goes well
that is wild looking over there I didn't
realize that poor lights aren't very
bright on our Frankenstein and pumpkins
and all that we got to light them up
somehow wait for Christmas and all but
until then just look at the neighbors it
looks nice or at least like the party
lights are there you guys I did a
terrible job of walking today I came
home and well said did you Bob getting
your hair done and I said no he's like
okay well you can walk when you okay
Olivia to piano lessons when you put the
kids to bed I was like okay and now I'm
sitting in bed I'm like oh oh yeah my
job that thing that I have to do I
didn't do it
so I'm sitting here in bed Joel asked me
on the phone today he's like what is the
matter I'm like I don't have a reason
I'm just in such a terrible mood today I
got my hair done and I love going and
getting my hair done
I had the day to myself and I'm still a
bad mood what the heck so I'm sitting
here and I am finishing up my keyboard
you're not you when you're hungry and
needy having a dewayne filling again and
I am watching oh I hope this is a good
scene okay I was like I wanna show you
I'm watching um scandal couldn't
remember for a second I'm watching
scandal and
love scandal joel is gonna be gone for a
little bit so I'm gonna sit here and try
to get out of this bad mood because
tomorrow is Halloween and I'm just not
prepared so do you guys tomorrow
