so you guys almost ready yeah are you go
oh we need to get coats so you don't
freeze outside today well dad said to
bring them just in case because you
never know so let's go get coats for
everybody cold all right let's see all
oh so cute
yes you all have tennis shoes on because
the kids are going on a run this morning
that's right and then they have the
church carnival here's the kids coats
you can just stick them in the back ja
okay do you have everything that you
need are you gonna run in your docks no
I know um did you put wood in the back
up for me I ain't you so much the kids
are a little excited that he's gonna be
a duck
Lincoln this is a sign that they are too
they don't really fit you honey should
we take them off he wants to wear it all
right we got it duckie yeah baby chick
what is that technically called yeah no
I know it doesn't fit them at all and
look at this but it's like okay you are
barely squeezing in there I mean I know
how that feels
I know how it feels to squeeze into your
bottoms but you know what you make do
it's not too tight that it's making them
go purple I promise you see that they
know they can't go in my rug with their
shoes on he's like yeah I am so sorry
our schedules did not align today a
robot wears robots those big tractors
and cars that's right that's right
we are at my brother's work today and he
is doing like a fun run pancake
breakfast fundraiser awesome and we're
gonna be a part of it we're all gonna
run we're okay we're gonna go so we are
here and we are gonna run and enjoy
ourselves and have a phat pancake
breakfast but it's kind of funny because
what they do at my brother's work is
what's cool we what robots that's right
it's cool with my brother desperate
living they automate like huge big
machinery they turn it into a pretty
much a robot and so all the machinery
like this becomes automated so they
don't even have to drive it doesn't have
drivers nothing it's pretty cool and the
kids are very convinced that the
machines are gonna get crazy
yeah there's no hands see they're not
gonna look like normal robots but they
run like a robot what do you think about
the robots jungle sea robot
okay let's go get pancakes because his
occupation is out in the middle of
nowhere it's on dirt roads and these
strollers worked wonders on dirt roads I
mean I just known for being really
really a agile warning unmanned robotic
vehicle testing area
oh they're fast you're fast they are
let's to cruise down there so this
morning the kids are gonna do a one-mile
run I am going to do a 5k today is a
very very busy day the Saturday before
Halloween is unbelievably busy every
single year we have carnivals to go to
fun runs to do we just have a ton going
on on this Saturday and it's fun it's
exciting I'm glad we do because it kind
of gives us an extra day to vlog for you
guys yeah robot tractor it doesn't shoot
yeah that robots not gonna shoot no but
you're gonna race it are you gonna beat
it it's pretty fast but the hope the
hulk's pretty fast
I bet you'll beat it that seems
ridiculous
nobody can carry the Hulk did you find
your buddy huh okay
good morning you guys I am so sad that I
am not with my little kids today Joe and
I both had scheduled something today and
neither of us knew about the other and
there was not really a way to get out of
it my entire family has planned today to
do a photo shoot for a cookbook we're
actually going to be doing all of our
Dutch oven eels and I forgot to have
Joel grab the Dutch oven and I'm really
hoping cute one huh I'll bring that one
and I'll bring you another one I think
just in case sure these things are
heavier and you would expect to be very
honest I'm truly sad that my kids and
Joel won't be there tonight because
normally we do it just as adults but
this time kids are coming just for this
one and hearing my kids will be there
and I'm really really sad about it
I'm really sad that I won't see them at
the carnival thinking this for the blog
I feel a little inadequate being here
cause it's like I'm a runner but I'm not
long like hardcore runner so I don't
stress I don't do anything I can run but
I'm not you really preparing myself I
feel like everybody's stretching getting
ready again pumped somebody's gonna win
a prize we're gonna come in what was it
got the robot saying get ready
that's a strange athletic start that
looks very normal
okay you ready you bet you're gonna
follow that guy just follow that robot
okay
were you first okay put your hand that's
okay you don't need to see you guys
saluting the role of ER you won what you
win mama used that maybe for cooking and
3:9 talk about best day ever
they called the prize winning ticket and
nobody called it and I was like oh my
gosh look the person's going to claim it
they're not gonna claim their prize
winning ticket so they called it again
for a different ticket and we won we won
we won we thought a grill this is a
grill that it doesn't have a grill that
he only has a smoker we're gonna grill
up the house man
hey bond we won we won cheese are you
gonna do all the cooking and work all by
yourself away
we're just getting set up to do all of
the Dutchess stuff today and my mom was
worried she would say oh I don't think
that me and dad are gonna be doing
enough you know you guys are doing all
the work and I said no your turn will
come and her turn did come she has set
up such a cute thing she did the all the
setup for the grapes - is this not the
cutest scene to capture you know the
leaves and just everything all the cute
Dutch oh my gosh mom and dad cute kyoki
oh this is fun oh no I'm all by myself
talking we have moved from one Halloween
event to the other the Saturday before
Halloween is always the busiest Saturday
of October not the year of October but
this year is weird because I'm actually
like participating in it as a leader and
with the kids so we've been busy for the
past hour setting all of this stuff up
it's gonna be a good carnival come on
Olivia come on get it
that's a big one but that's a big one
what'd you catch Oh boys makeup for mom
and dad your parents you gotta love that
who thought of these toys
what young men's group it looks amazing
outside I know it's amazing
yes I cannot wait we tell everyone we're
like you know even if the book doesn't
sell this is just going to be a really
awesome family heirloom that's taken a
lot of time kill mom she picked up these
for the props and I swear every time we
go into any of the stores I want to buy
these things but psycho I don't need
them so thanks for buying a mom okay
Henry oh well he's no matter Henry can
you say horse oh my god I gotta get a
better idea P say it again hey say
cockadoodledoo oh that wasn't a good one
you'll have to look at my dad's
Instagram if you want to see a better
one hilarious was the worst day Hey
oh my word I feel like everybody in this
household is ready for a nap right now
but it was way too late after the
carnival to even think about taking a
nap so we've been watching movies
downstairs I've been trying to keep
Lincoln away making sure Boston stays
awake and just holding everybody out for
some food and dinner and we've eaten up
but garbage and I know Pizza is not
necessarily any better
making food was just not an option today
so we got some pizza come in I will give
you ice cream if you eat if you take a
bite of that code
I'll give you ice cream later take in
that fight a whole bite look at me I got
to see you bud
we're gonna have some pizza and some
dinner right now because everybody is
stinking starving oh you drew that on
there how come you didn't get your face
painted I think I really talked about
much the fun run today but the kids did
really good they they ran hard that one
mile you guys we had an entire mile you
won that Tiffany made a home
we worked about eight hours today and
that was just and that was just cooking
photography kind of cleanup that doesn't
include all the time that my parents put
into setting up and they still have to
take down the home now and I am doing
the cleanup on my to Dutch oven so I'm
just kind of taking this stuff out
putting in a Tupperware's it's a little
very long day I can imagine Joel that
it's been a very long day for you
because you had all four kids so I felt
really bad about that first thing we
can't wait till this cookbook is out for
you guys next year it's a long process
it's a long process but anyway thank you
guys so much for watching our vlog I
will see you guys tomorrow bye
