you coming with me all right good
morning everybody this morning Boston
and I are going to my follow-up checkup
appointment for my feet they actually I
wanted to get out and work out this
morning but like I stood up I don't know
maybe was just so early in the morning
or whatnot but
oh they hurt so bad so I did not go work
out this morning which is killing me
they are starting to feel better but
he's gonna do a follow-up checkup today
and we'll see and you're handsome boy
yeah yeah I think so he's hiding from
the camera it's a birdie outside you
know who gave me this grandma grandma
gave that to me and I'm feeling like old
lady vibes right now with this like with
my mustard yellow shirt on I love the
scarf I'm not sure what I think about
this mustard shirt oh that is blinking
good job two different kinds of blue I
love this scarf cuz my mom gave it to me
and she gave it to me with this coin
purse and I've used the coin purse to
death I'm not really feeling this shirt
alright you can go play I was in my room
getting ready to make my bed and stuff
and I thought you know with all the
other little kids I used to make him
stay at my feet like I used to have them
all around my feet while I opened the
blinds and while I made my bed and I
just feel like I haven't done that with
Lincoln because he's always occupied by
the older siblings so I brought him in
here thinking I was gonna have this like
special moment and he wanted nothing to
do with it and truthfully truthfully
like hurt my feelings
look I'm like well I guess what I just
said um I feel while I did these like
household chores why don't you and it's
just different and I think it makes me
sad because that time of my life is not
past but just well yeah it has with like
babies at my feet um they're a little
bit older now but anyway I know you guys
have heard me like cry about the same
thing but it's just kinda mess
kind of a sad thing I guess I think that
was the fastest doctor's appointment
I've ever had in my life he was able to
march down to dum-dum suckers that make
you a dum-dum but he said everything
looks good he says everything looks
normal
wants to see me in one month he did say
he's like starting to see just a little
bit of redness he's like let's just get
you on that antibiotic in the-- injuries
when you have like cuts and stuff like
that and in the feed it's really you're
just really susceptible to it so he's
like I see a little bit of redness let's
just get you taken care of and just nip
it in the bud before it's even a problem
I think everything spelled right so
funny we are posting a giveaway on our
Bali Instagram that counts so it's
trying to do that side I know we're
giving away eight pieces from our site
so eight winners and you get to choose
whatever you want from our site
we're so excited I think I've got it
okay if things ever go wrong it's
probably cuz Ellie did know that she
even just said that I learned how to
save a draft from you yeah don't you
worry my friend I'm just double-checking
this before oh I know when we put out
the Instagram post it's like we read
them over and over and this is what you
must be signed in your identity will
remain anonymous perfect I think we're
perfect okay but giveaway is live go to
Bali brand on Instagram and make sure
you're following us and enter that
giveaway but it's like the most
beautiful day out here and you broke
your bike cuz I wanna confess you're
going too fast are you - cool - cool for
it's not in your nose
he's watched and it needs honor but it
will be fun ok so you haven't liked
bleach this know if and then I'll try it
that's so like Lincoln chocolate look
these are brand new shoes yeah what the
hell
well I'm look there's two oh if they
were sent to me and they've never been
worn those big shoes yeah I know you're
not wanted Norwell back in the bag of me
to get to the gate I think it's probably
only were these like a few times
oh these are for Emma well I bought this
for Olivia and she's like I'm not
wearing that she hated it I know it did
look really silly these are cute
that was such a cute outfit and it comes
with a yellow duck no it comes with a
yellow ones eat honey
Oh cute yes you'll just want to like
wash them all because I know this is my
CI back I knew you and want some of
these this is a good that's a good shirt
yeah oh yeah look what the safety pin
did to the shirt if you gotta wash them
off sorry look how ginormous this
band-aid is hey at least you're smiling
ginormous my girlfriend after
no reason did you get her back yeah
does that make it smell better Cody's
trying to make pasta left see how bad
we're trying to get the kids situated to
go ride their bikes and this is the
agreement that we came up with you are
gonna ride the small bike first and then
Cody will ride the small bike on the way
back okay he will not forget mm-hmm we
always forget I'll tell him so that he
will not forget how are you doing Cody
come here you're gonna ride the bike
there and who's gonna ride the bike on
the way home me okay so see he already
knows okay well they're gonna ride slow
because we don't need a bajillion bikes
how about I talk to dad and we'll figure
that out okay well for one for one day
you can write it okay he's the same size
as you it's hard for him to write it too
he's the same size as you
I swear to you I'm gonna lose my mind
with the kids fighting I know that I
heard all growing up my mom is like if
you can't keep fighting bla bla bla and
like for mother's day she would say
things like the only thing for a
Mother's Day that I want or the only
thing for my birthday that I want is
happy kids that don't fight never quite
got that until like this last little
while all I can think is just don't
fight like all I want I provide you with
these awesome fun things to do and all
you do is fight it literally makes me
feel like a crazy person I just want
them to not fight it's not too much to
ask
Oh Lincoln I can smell you boom don't
say boo Lincoln where are you you smell
so bad she'll change your diaper yeah
yeah come lay down where's Lincoln put
your hand outside that door if I could
see his little fingers poking out over
there he was sad and he was going fast
slow fast slow because his knee was
hurting because until a whole hour
because both we kept going too slow
he wasn't going in fast let's just start
fresh she won't take a bath with a bath
bomb
oh man I bring you some ice cream in the
bathtub and to me I need both of you
yeah just just a bowl of ice cream Cody
because I just offered you ice cream yes
or no it's fine would you like a bath
without ice cream yes we're gonna start
fresh and you're gonna be nice and
you're gonna start fresh and you're
gonna be like oh my di
it's here yeah he's licking his tears my
entire day cause I'm just like let's
just dropped it yes I'm feeding my
children like babies while they watch
cartoons and I don't care like I love it
sometimes I really like babying them
this is the only time in their entire
life that they're gonna be babied like
this I do not mind babying you kids and
feeding you like little bitty babies
you're wasting it um I don't know why we
do plays why don't we just all you know
what the sink don't you my god are you
looking at the monitor are you looking
at the camera I'm pretty sure Joel's
been looking at the monitor my agenda
for the rest of the night I'm gonna take
a live eat of piano lessons and upload
the vlog for tomorrow my oh my agenda is
we're gonna go down and get my dad a
blessing for surgery tomorrow and plow
this platter of potatoes yeah duh bring
it in the here in the here get out of
the syrup
close the cover what drinking the syrup
he does he will find the syrup and he
will drink it i've conscious eating it
up and you can't get him off the ceiling
the rest today i thought by thank you
guys so much for watching if you're not
subscribed Click the SUBSCRIBE button
and if you have not checked out our
clothing line Polly Browne comm you're
also missing out go ahead and check them
out they'll be in our descript
we love you guys I consider this lock
closed closed
