good morning young ones your hair looks
crazy because if it's crazy hair day at
school what do you look kind of like
Boston a year ago once mom put a monkey
I'm not your baby
anybody awesome you got some helpers
with your cereal
why are you been taking an interest in
Toy Story fun those guys look awesome
okay you kids go to her you need hurry
we took too long on your hair your
spider hair are you gonna have fun at
crazy hair day okay I can't wait to hear
what everyone else's hair looks like one
of you guys tweeted me a picture of this
and I was so grateful because I thought
oh my gosh I'm totally gonna do spider
hair on Olivia and then she said look
yes you love it and Cody mom that's what
we got it's cool I like it yeah he's a
little picky I was like Cody you're
gonna get what you get we're running out
of time here I cannot believe he just
said that Lincoln Lincoln what is this
he came running uh he came running out
of his crib and he looked at that he
said oh drone that's daddy's drone you
come sit down and get your breakfast
listen see real I only thought it was
hilarious yesterday that he could save
pranking time using this old house yeah
I came home yesterday and they were
watching this old house together can you
say Frankenstein can you say drone
I'd say antidisestablishmentarianism
well you're just a dumb baby then
thank you
what do you want you want suckers you
say macaroon mm-hmm close enough
say close enough you gotta say some
words per day just so happens I'm a
two-time silver brothers yeah Jerry just
fix my camera thanks boy
Jim it was cute it was really good too I
was like hey what's going on Matt and he
had one button and it was fixed I was
like thanks boy I like don't even know
how he knows all this always does mom oh
that's right no declined to climb it hi
mom no are you there right now I am
waiting for Bri to get here but not for
what I normally haven't Bri come here
for so she is getting her wedding
engagements no what did I just say she's
getting her bridal pictures dad she's
getting a bridal picture is done
rule number one no need to make up on
someone put them in your mouth don't be
offensive
I'm blow stinky breath in their mouth in
me I've had that happen to be on more
than one occasion I have all my makeup
well not all my makeup I have a portion
of my makeup laying out here and we're
gonna get ready to do some wedding
makeup I'm gonna have brief sit here so
she faces the natural light so we can
see what she looks like a natural light
and then we're gonna see if we can and
it's like sparkling and amazing almost
not focusing oh my gosh it looks sparkly
amazing your nails are pretty hasta
ma√±ana
Boston's already having fun time with
his wife right now okay come on crybaby
let's go what's the matter you want to
stay home and do what that you've been
watching paw patrol for like three hours
you're gonna turn into one do you know
if you watch it too long you'll turn
into one oh that seems like a bad thing
well you're coming with me let's go I
have been trying to sell my car Frank
for a few weeks now it's still a good
car people might want it but none of the
takers have taken it on the online
advertising so I'm gonna park Frank and
put them up herself that's how I've
actually sold a bunch of my trucks
before so we got to go get a for sale
sign for him
post Suburban you clean up so fine you
so fine you blow my mind we've got a
little bit of irony right now I was on
my way to go get a for sale sign thought
I better stop and get the truck washed
instead I'm glad I did because the time
it would have taken me to get into a
Porsche I would have already purchased
that for sale sign TV and in that moment
I got a phone call saying I'm coming up
right now to pick it up be ready so
Frank's gonna be gone for sure
forever forget but it sounds like the
guy could really use the car so it'll be
a good blessing to him with it all right
here's the aftermath over here lots of
stuff out and I asked her I said is it
okay if I show you he looks so good I'm
like and she said yes so first I'll show
you the bouquet her bouquet is
absolutely beautiful yeah we'll get you
all yeah okay okay get ready for this
panning up panning up the dress is
gorgeous
close your eyes let's see that eyeshadow
oh so pretty came you look good what's
funny you're welcome and she had to say
she was like we just soften the eyebrows
like sorry sorry yeah
no you're the best
no that is not that is a battery charger
for motorcycles do you want that okay
good because we don't need it the other
day I was doing some maintenance on my
wife's suburban and that devilishly
good-looking woman had the nerve to
break my tire gauge so I have to find
another one
yes son that is that isn't that is a
truck on there but this is not a truck
this is slime and and a pump I like yes
okay well slime it is so I have to get
me a whole new tire gauge and I can't I
just want something good but I really
want something cheap too coming what are
you scared of that guy that's not that
scary-looking too early Halloween's not
even here yet that's a ginormous
reindeer and it's a Mixmaster there you
go fish tacos that's funny the airplane
right this was a happy Halloween that's
not for you do you want to eat your
Apple I just ran outside I'm like oh
your paper towel so your flowers don't
drip on you she looks gorgeous
you guys I even whipped out my perfume
and was like all right let's get you
smelling hot should we clean up the
aftermath huh you guys no lie I feel so
giddy for her right now I do I feel so
giddy and all I can think about with me
and a little baby Jolie giving our
engagement pictures done that's awesome
that makes me feel really good that
Frank's going to a good owner seems like
some really nice guys out there and I
really could use it and and that's
that's the best that's kind of what you
want I've sold some things sometimes
before and I've just felt like and I
really feel bad about who that's going
to be cuz I feel like they're not gonna
really take care of it they obviously
were a paying customer it doesn't matter
but it makes you feel really good when
you know the person who's receiving it
really can use it and will be grateful
for and take care of it that's I'm like
that matters to me but really does kind
of like getting rid of one of our kids
should've thrown one in on the deal
sweeten it a little bit do you want the
license plate yeah do you I keep all the
license plates and funny story I was
selling a car and it legally tells you
on the title take your license plate off
before the new owner takes it and I was
doing that and a guy like yelled at me
and was like just still seem Shady I'm
walking away I'm like I'm sorry that's
what it tells me to do it was funny go
because it was like an old man that I
thought would understand it but he was
just like this is crazy
walked away I think I sold the truck the
next day anyway so I am opening a bunch
of packages from RPL box and I try every
time sometimes I forget that I have real
friends on the other side of this camera
but I got this letter saying how excited
she was for our cookbook and she
handmade all of these for each one of us
so there's one for everybody there's a
pan and a pan handle so that we didn't
burn our fingers in preparation but I
just the support that we already see
from this cookbook that we're putting
together is makes me very excited we're
actually working on it tomorrow yes
I'm not sure what you're gonna wear to
the Halloween party I will let you guys
know depending on my mood depending on
how good you guys are but anyway I want
to say thank you guys for showing your
appreciation to me and for just
following us and loving us and this is a
really crazy weird thing I say it all
the time
our cordial our career our yeah it's
crazy to me that our occupation can be
something so fulfilling and so crazy
like it's just so random that this is
our occupation and anyway I just I like
to keep you guys knowing that I
appreciate all of you this one's for me
why do you have tears in your eyes oh my
gosh okay read it out loud
this is from Belle Honolulu Honolulu and
it said to me said my name yeah
Joel is very happy about that he was
like look has my name on it look the
writing looks like my mom's feel okay it
says dear Joel congratulations on your
new truck Frank to enjoy it perfect
timing
love you guys what it is
right Joe and I are laughing at our
repeat offender I'm gonna tell you guys
a secret what I like to do at these is
when you guys send fun little things
like this for the kids which I
absolutely appreciate I have a bin up
above my fridge and when the kids are
bored or I need them out of my hair for
a second I'm like oh do you want a new
toy make it Roy come on bud okay come on
oh you've got underwear on
he's got kept it underwear things yeah
hard to walk with your pants backwards
real foxy Jolie we're opening this other
package and I thought it was familiar
just like the packaging maybe is because
it was from Korea but she said I did
send you a package last time with some
treats hope you enjoyed it I'm pretty
sure it's the one with his hoodie that
he wears all the time that gray hoodie
looked a little puffy that oh I feel
like I'm not a dragon
I'm just saying thank you to everyone
anyway lots of really fun things I can't
wait to show you guys the kids and the
pajamas that they sent
aren't these ones yours those for you
someone come here make it thinner just
put your pants on trust
the children will stay warm in our vase
backwards sorry but that was a really
fun way to end our night opening all the
packages from you guys I think we're
gonna sit down and read this book that
was sent to us called nerf yeah I think
I love you guys for watching thank you
guys for the letters and those of you
that packages you definitely feel like
okay what I'm doing is touching somebody
a lot of people mentioned in the letters
that they've had a hard time at work or
the amount of our time with friends and
if they felt like our vlogs or a place
that they could come and enjoy a
friendship and a kind of escape
