why are you acting embarrassed it's
pajama day look Olivia smiling and happy
in her little dog jammies
is it pajama day for you do you want to
wear your pajamas today yeah cuz it's
pajama day you stand up and be good and
proud of your jammies give me a big
strong arms we're just trying oh my gosh
those are the most with your wimpy
strong arms that's how strong Boston is
he's stronger than you doesn't look like
it you're prancing around like you're
not very strong oh geez new car are you
freakin joking me Eliot taxi and said
she was coming that is the cutest thing
I've ever seen
oh you pulled up and I was like is that
why you wanted to come see me I was like
no did you back it up yourself
you did really good I honestly thought
oh my gosh it must have like an
automatic like parking thing on it
because you were doing so good I have
all my bills set out here and Ellie's
like what's going and talking like okay
the Belgium a screw so we're gonna sit
on the couch and because they're gonna
watch TV he's still in bed like yeah I
know
Lincoln lays in bed till 9:00 9:30 and
just plays in his crib you can play in
there anything in there but we can't let
you in Olivia's room she would not enjoy
that do you want to show Calvin your toy
this is seriously the best day ever
the best morning ever paw patrol toys
kids and you Jimmy's I'm still in my
jammies and we basically talked about
the same thing every time all the time
and we enjoy it yeah say Frankenstein
say
Halloween Frankenstein love you bye
well I sat and talked with Ellie forever
I'm like almost like to my eyelash
appointment and there are very split
views on my eyelashes I love them so I'm
gonna get them again and because I'm
going on a business trip going out of
town we're gonna be working from like
morning tonight and so I know that I'm
gonna look a little tired on the trip
and I don't want to take time getting
ready and lashes like cut that time in
half
so I'm on my way to get my lashes done I
don't know if I'm gonna keep them
because I actually really love having my
lashes off and rubbing my eyes and
anyway we'll see click it or ticket but
I am running just a teeny bit late
because I sat and talked to Kelly for
too long about time the love of my life
got home okay Dan do you like it's
alright the breeze from them flapping is
knocking me away I thought it was a bird
it's it's just me hey knowing yeah okay
funny and I both have been trying to eat
those but better lately not a little bit
we've been eating a lot better don't
snack at night drops oh just doing
better and neither of us ate anything
before we left the house to go run our
errands today which it's 2 o'clock so we
haven't eaten anything all day so I
stopped to get gas and going to my go to
jerky and cheese
I think it's amazingly healthy but it's
good protein not carbs I guess they were
all out of kale chips I guess I feel
like my muscles are getting bigger as we
speak I think my biceps are just growing
by the inches from all this protein
tastes of straw I told you guys
yesterday that I went and did my
visiting teaching while my visiting
teachers just came and taught me and
it's funny because the lesson is on
loving those around us regardless of how
they're living regardless of what
choices they make in life our church
suggests that we just love and that's
our job is to love each other and Kody
and Olivia go home from school and
Olivia said guess what Cody went to the
principal's office and Cody's face was
all sorts of sad and so I told my
visiting teachers as we were passing I
said don't worry I'll take the lesson
I'm just gonna love I think it depends
on why you went to the principal's
office career code I don't know why I
like it more but I just like know why
are you mad are you mad
okay did you do something I have a
love-hate relationship with counseling
with kids it's a natural part of life
and I like it because who better to
teach your children than you but on the
other hand it's so hard watching him go
through just life they're just learning
they're growing and it was good to count
for Cody anything Joe we pull more
forwards or more forward I've got a
handful of clothes that we're taking to
the DI I tried finding anyone that
wanted this snow outfit of Olivia's
didn't have anybody this will never fit
me and I have this wool coat that I have
had since I moved up here to Logan so
ten years your guinea nope I'm putting
it on your lap though I ran it for ten
years and I don't want to let it go but
you gotta let it go taking it to the DI
do you guys think that people are gonna
think you're lazy bums cuz you're all in
your jammies pajama day I'll have you
had to change his shoes too sweaty he
inherited your feet sweaty feet if I
sweat
I'll get vo but I don't get wet in my
armpits I don't sweat ring my armpits
just don't oh my gosh what this race
first date they are able Jews all day oh
my gosh
so normally we describe one of these
bags for Halloween Oh boys boys boys
kickin guys get Cody Cody Clark no no no
out out right now come over here
normally we grab one of these bags of
candy but I want to do something really
often for Halloween kids this year I
also mean expensive right no I hope you
they're gonna be that expensive it's
nothing crazy I just think it'll be fun
and different than the normal but first
we're gonna get some pizza
all right we are getting the usual here
at Sam's Club we've got some diapers and
we've got some pajamas you got some gum
and yes we did buy a little bag of
macaroni
what only if you say that much slower we
get some kids rules okay no no no I
don't well I don't know we might need it
back up this is what I want to give out
for Halloween I think that the long
skinny Laffy Taffy's would be so fun but
joy I have no idea how many people to
shop for
I guess party boys all right well that's
a disgusting well that seems appropriate
cheers any idea I think she wants to be
hit cousin hit her honey
that's the other what colors blue blue
blue green tires
green blue black come on we need some
yeah in the traffic help me oh that
seems scary we got put it in Boston
stretch go go go no no no no see okay
let's go get another tool friend daddy
 come on I don't consider myself to
be a person who won't throw out anything
because if it's garbage it's garbage
what what comes the nuts and bolts you
can't have enough and you never know
when you're gonna need one and the
project I'm doing today I need those and
if I would have thrown him out a long
time ago I wouldn't have him today and
I'd have to go to the store and that's
silly ladies let your husband's have a
knick-knack drawer whatever you call it
I don't matter what you call it but let
them have it cuz it'll save money in the
long run so you may as well get that
mower started but pull all the knobs
levers let's go
oh we okay let's go you want that shirt
I would like the tailgate down but you
would like it shut so no it's easy to
get tasks done when you're around super
easy you don't make anything difficult
at all yeah you bet
no no you're not an inconvenience here
fine
I do not think that Bonnie and I are
picky people but I wanted to wait till I
got the garage door like all the way
painted and finished and I did that like
three months ago to put up the garage
door and now that I've been ready to put
up the new garage door opener it's like
oh it's great it doesn't match and I
don't really like it so we are going to
put it over here right behind this so
that you can't even see it you won't
even see it pulling up to the house
it'll be kind of nice but at least it'll
be there it's kind of cool that was my
idea my idea
quit playing with the drill okay you
carry the hammer out of the shadows
okay walk around yeah walk around no no
no no no no no oh may hit your head
quite this way
walk with Daddy smock with Daddy I don't
want you walking by the truck with that
yeah you can hit the bucket no we're not
gonna hit the green ones we're done with
the garbage cans come on that's the
green one yep okay that's that's the
blue one sounds like it's blue yep it's
blue okay that's the black one yep okay
okay the tires now go for it yeah you
bet you got oh that almost bounced back
in each in head no not out or not the
gate not the gate come on you working
hard or hardly working hope that's no no
no okay okay and just as strange as he
came he stuck to the box yeah you've
been in trouble all afternoon you're
gonna work a little bit get Olivia's
flip-flops and put them away in a garage
come on okay bring the foot pups let's
go come on
go to the garage let's go okay put them
in the garage
let's go closer okay go get your boots
and put them away let's go let's go
let's go get your boots okay go get
Boston no those aren't naked good so the
boxing boots
good boy all right now we're downstairs
and watch your movie with Olivia
look at you going down the stairs
forward all like a big boy she only gave
me kill yep that's right okay you take
the little one you take your vitamin
come here Captain Underpants
