good morning you guys it is bright and
early I am up and Adams out doing some
service this morning our church has a
cannery and there's been a lot of
assignments to come volunteer down here
lately because of all of the food and
stuff that's going out to like the
hurricane victims all the earthquake
victims all of the tragedies going on
around the world right now our church
sends a lot of goods too and so there's
a lot of demand for us to get stuff hand
and processed and ready to ship out for
people who really need it you're gonna
go to the dentist for the first time
today okay and we can join Italy does
the dentist give you toys Boston yeah if
you're good right do you want to go
watch a movie and have the dentist clean
your teeth yeah yeah should we wear the
same matching pants as Boston oh yeah
yeah
plug your ears Lincoln yeah very good
ask today is the day for dentist
appointments which is why I am not
wearing makeup today because when I go
to the dentist I hate like stretching my
mouth open in their hands all over my
face messing up my makeup so I just
don't really like to wear foundation
when I go in to the dentist a dentist
and a tip that I like to do is make sure
to have lotion on the kids mouths and
cheek because they already have like dry
cheeks and stuff from the winter coming
on yeah and this will just help so that
their lips don't crack I do know and
just so that it's a little more
comfortable are you gonna go to the
dentist for the first time today please
there might be fishies there oh there is
fishies that that's right
sometimes I don't oh my gosh your turn
yep see I can feel all that dry skin
around your mouth that's right oh well
and don't say it like you're so proud of
yourself because that was really naughty
right yeah and we're not gonna do that
again yeah just finished up my shift
here and I feel hooray we were canning
can me and I guess it's going to Africa
Puerto Rico all the way down into the
southern states that got hit with all of
the Hurricanes what an awesome
opportunity it is the volunteer and
spend some time helping out people who
could use the help
I've been trying to brainwash Lincoln
the whole Drive over here I'm like
you're going to let the dentist brush
your teeth right are we gonna let the
dentist brush our teeth yeah say yes
it's working
it is working are you gonna let the
dentist clean your teeth yeah and our
yeah and Boston's been helping me with
the brain washing and what did you say
the dentist was like a picnic he was
like the dentist is like a picnic me and
bring her like what I've never heard
that before
I brought brie with me today because
Joel is not here and I can't take care
of the kids focus and record at the same
time without herself okay I'm just gonna
rip your arm off and then so I'm happy
to have brie here oh and because the
last several times I went to the dentist
I was shaking nervous as heck and the
diamond chest was like let me prescribe
you something next time you get some
work done and so he prescribed me
something with my nerves
and so I can't drive myself so after
these kids appointments I'm gonna take
my meds
and then freaky is gonna drive me to my
appointment oh my gosh they have
welcomed your patients and they have
Lincoln's name on here we're not gonna
try to be good you just try to open your
mouth for him and let him clean your
teeth okay he's not even waiting for me
Kate let's go find you I like your shirt
thank you do you see how Boston is
climbing up on the table so you're gonna
lay here and look you're gonna lay on
this one come here
my toothbrush
whoa you like racecars look at Hickam
I
you've walked everything not at me and
not every day again
you bite in so we had to go back into a
quiet room somehow get it screaming
others to brushed and flossed and now
he's still recovering
he said negative association with it
well I almost thought he was getting
wound up to this baby I don't know why
he will not lay down yeah you're being
so good he really wants that prize at
the end right Boston this is the moment
you have been preparing for you want a
prize Lucas you're gonna let you choose
second because you didn't do a husband
Boston what did you get sticker to
Boston do you want to choose one thank
you very much she's so welcome all right
Bri dropped me off and it's a good thing
because I've got tipped over trying to
grab my laptop for Joel so wish me luck
I'd say Bonnie's one of the
hardest-working people I know and she
really does work hard and she doesn't
have too many fears she'll just kind of
get in and do it grit her teeth and get
it done by the dentist
that's her worst enemy her Achilles heel
if you will it's gonna be rough it's
gonna be a little rough I am such a baby
like I could cry right now but I'm just
like really strong you don't like this
yeah doctor pain that was actually his
name believe that just as bad about man
dr. Skinner's not any I'm very glad you
did
want you to be happy I want you to enjoy
your experience in bed Dali I've been
laying in bed most of this afternoon
what just felt nice because my mouth is
just like throbbing and sore and I'm
just tired and I picked out the window
and he said mom I'm in this sandbox oh
yeah hey you don't need to peep on the
neighbors what are you doing what do you
think you're doing up there yeah he's
looking at Grandma's see even that hurt
like flexing my jaw like that I was in
there for three hours my jaw was like
open for three hours you'd look in it
over there all their fun stuff the
tables mm-hmm
I know Olivia is that achievement days
today she's going around the neighbors
and raking leaves I'm not doing anything
I'm just well don't fall down put your
feet up crazy
yep there is there's an apple down there
she would go get cleaned up for dinner
yeah the kids ate their dinners so so
good so I told them they could have a
couple bites of ice cream Buster why you
so sad
huh and then you know what I guarantee
he'll be able to find it okay there's
room for it get out of there
if we just made some room
where was it did you strategically time
it to come when they were invested I
would have do you hate the every kid
when they hear Graham is here they like
without the camera and they're like
cameras in your face when we record the
whole process yes it's beautiful and
perfect thank you mom called right after
I had taken my medicine I was like I'm
gonna try and focus on getting a
sentence out and then I cried well that
was a fun surprise having my parents
come over the kids got really crazy we
put up with them for a long time and
then all of a sudden Joel's like and
done and all the kids gotten put in bed
we finished our night just talking with
mom and dad Joel didn't get the vlog
edited last night or this morning
because he was gone and then anyway so
he has to finish editing the blog I
thought we were gonna watch this is us
you're right you gotta do that I'm
almost done thanks for watching guys
we'll see you tomorrow
