quick bucks workout that just for the
day makeup and her did did my husband's
hair filing quarterly taxes Olivia told
you what want wheel into a house and
only said let a little free give their
what's a little Frank he's Frankenstein
but there was a little one
so like I'm so what would his name be
she said thank you
and you wanna and you want to know if
there's a little Frankenstein living
there named Frankie yeah I don't think
so because is there really such thing as
monsters and then your monkey off and
you stick it on you give me ur Boston
you're being such a good cameraman and
you take us to ghurabaa you this is the
only way to get him to stop crying here
you do it
okay now you're gonna play I'm gonna
block the door so you can't get out and
we're gonna write our numbers we're
gonna practice our numbers you can't do
nothing yourself take that one one line
down go to the top do a hump don't lift
your pen up and hump Boston that's so
good I'm so proud of you Lincoln don't
take those off
can you do an O do that small one circle
the small one sacrifice it you trace the
circle yeah that's called a knight oh
good now do one all by yourself you
think it's so easy
do a few more yes do a B and now an O
right next to it like mm-hmm you know
what you just wrote what ba usual ba and
guess what's next an S ah boss to see
that little snake we're gonna trace it
is your hand shaking sounds kind of hard
let's do that again
oh do you want to see if you can try and
do it all by yourself right here yeah
I've seen it both ways that was pretty
good okay let's try tracing the S again
whoa what just happened
I've seen it both ways hey hey Oh
Lincoln how did you get up there without
me even seen climb down hey where'd you
find those sakhis where'd you get your
sockies yeah right here what are they
called
yes a fox sucks
Jimmy show you how to write busting yeah
B oh yes and then we're gonna learn T oh
and buster
fasting you learn how to write that
rocking baby can you show me a victory
dance my miracle-worker sister-in-law
Tiffany has just finished up getting the
boys Patrick Swayze's shirt onesies back
together look how big those are these
are Cody's little old ones but they're
growing and they still can't keep their
shirt tucked in and next we're gonna do
one of these for me then I had some
other shirts tailored so they fit a
little bit better and I love having a
seamstress in your family number one
requirement when you're somebody's
getting married find out if they could
sew if they can't kick him out don't
worry about it
thanks so much Tiffany I know I should
say thank you and I would love to say
thank you but I'm so mad right now
furious never seen I'm so mad I saw you
riding my bike right I know I love this
bike so much so in our church Joel does
home teaching I do visiting teaching so
he goes and visits like families and I
go visit other women in my ward and so
I've got like three women that I go and
visit teach and so we just give them
like a little church message and just
see how they're doing and we see if
there's anything that they that we can
do to help them or anything so that's
what I'm on my way to do
but I would but they her leaves have
already been raked up let's walk down
there but we got other things tougher
Atlas okay come on Christine your name's
come on but don't focus on the past
let's go on the future come on
there we go there's pumpkins see the
future's bright over there pumpkin Hey
look those are ghosts that's awesome
they're marshmallows with angry eyes are
you being a good boy taking your shoes
off that's such a good point did you
find your pocket get it in there there
you go you get that one in there
there you go you're ready to go but I
was sent over on a new knee for the
young man's and we were supposed to help
her out with some service but turns out
it didn't need it but we visited anyway
and my pockets are full of chocolate
that's probably melting there's only one
door in cute season yeah but no switch
is on in there that's for all the
gadgets but this thing's all manual you
got to move everything by yourself it's
not automatic that's pretty cool and
there's a cool Mustang we really like
sister Rock and this is one of their
cars that Cody was ugly over you don't
want yours melted yeah okay here you go
bud
two horsies cuz this is this horse is
called a Mustang that's why it's called
a Ford Mustang Lincoln decided for us
that we're all taking the long way home
the road less traveled there you go put
in your pocket
get in your pocket
sure did you uh your brake lights don't
work but I almost ran India
okay
you see they almost killed us well I
don't know see there we go we're just
fine okay
are you doing
oh dear that's just like Vince my leg
that what Cody was doing enough that
I'll crash and kill that I wanted come
in here and finish a conversation that
we started yesterday
Olivia is telling me a story about how
your friends call each other savage is
that what they call each other video the
only way I know how to use that or the
only way I've known members is in like
the makeup world like super good they
call it a good it's a good like it's
cool you know what did your friend say
at school when they were calling each
other Savage something like gross Joe
Joe's getting um reflex math going for
Cody because Cody is obsessed with it oh
well have you got a new ivy and bean
buck I love that like if you were gonna
call yourself Savage what would you say
do you think that your savage in one
reason okay my friend does not eat and
so your savage because you you're more
savage than Cooper oh my gosh girl you
so savage Savage daughter
Albert you ain't Savage
you are cute she threw that term around
in the car and I just about died I was
like whoa what you hear okay let go hey
let go
Oh
Walker's Lincoln you're so Savage who do
you play that video game like a savage
I'm gonna close this vlog I guess Savage
we love all you savages out there if you
think this blog with savage please give
it a thumbs up and if you'd like to
watch more savage blogs please I'm so
Savage yeah yeah yeah doing like a
savage
