good morning you guys say hello to my
zit you're ready to give up for the day
Boston should we get ready you cannot
stay in your jammies all day you got to
get up and get ready let's go well when
I sat down to have my cereal this is not
what I had in mind
you little greedy babies yeah I know
oh there you go when I got this print
thing in the mail and I am trying to
figure out how it actually works and I
thought I'll come downstairs and sit on
the nice comfy couch over there and just
enjoy myself and then I realized I don't
have enough battery in anything I'm just
tethered to the wall
two feet away just sit on the sit and
spin and that'll be comfy
I swear that's how it said to put those
in may have had it backwards okay well
after three bad prints I think I figured
out what the problem is we're gonna see
if it will work unless time I'm not
savvy with tech the little machine
taking all the picture and turning it
into a hard copy what's up I think it's
working this work who's there handsome
guy look at that box that is a keeper
hey Bonnie hey Bonnie hey Bonnie I know
you're busy I know you're busy but I
don't care I got it at work both hands
are full well hello mrs. Helene
are you kidding me I contacted a sponsor
that I've worked with numerous times in
the past before and they said the
holidays are coming up and I was
wondering let's do a promotion together
again because I feel like this is the
perfect time of year to do it and they
were totally on board with it so why it
was style sorry
so what was style is sponsoring today's
video again I flip and love white with
style John I use it to bleach your teeth
with every several months I would say
like what like maybe every four to six
months or something like that anyway I
love doing the sponsorship this time of
year because these are literally the
perfect stocking stuffer for anybody in
your entire world for your parents for
your in-laws for your kids for your
spouse for a girlfriend for a boyfriend
like it's just a cousin a friend it's
just they're the perfect stocking
stuffer Christmas present for anybody I
love giving these away as presents and I
love using them because they don't make
my teeth sensitive these are jolly nice
this one is the peroxide free one for me
because it doesn't irritate my gums he
doesn't have a problem with that so he
gets the kind with peroxide if you go to
white with style calm and use the code
bonny 28 you can get the sparkle white
kit so there's a lot of different kits
on there the sparkle white kit is on
there you can get it for $28 instead of
almost $300 and yeah it's the perfect
gift it's the perfect treatment I love
it these guys are my absolute favorite
to work with thank you guys for
sponsoring the video we love you guys
and if you guys are interested in
getting these kits I'll leave all the
information in the description for you
guys below my instructions were very
explicit do not let coding and Olivia in
the house when they get home from school
so I have a granola bar behind there
little chips but I got them predicted
there so they won't melt in the Sun and
some water out here and that way they
will stay outside with me raking leaves
all that the leaves touch needs to be
raked up I have so much leaves to do and
I kind of debate over year do i rake
them or do I mow um
you want me to you want me to camera you
camera you what's doing good got a leaf
in your pants
he what
why was it after lunch before Lance you
threw up how do you feel right now
you just free fell from up there he okay
well welcome home from school guys yeah
okay I'm out here doing a little what's
it called repair no I don't know really
mad which is why I'm talking and he's
not I would be just fine to talk I came
home and my blower had been tipped over
Cody tripped and fell and I feel bad
that he tripped and fell but there the
gas started leaking out and it's an oil
gas and I don't want it to stain because
the oil will stain my concrete you pay
so much money to have something fixed
you don't want to just I'm sure people
are like rolling their eyes you guys are
way too nit picky but that's just how I
am with my things and I'll keep them
forever I will keep them forever
I didn't even yell at you once don't you
tell any fables did not even yell one
time have a stern did not yell did not
yell Andy was bawling and didn't realize
he was
gasps everywhere well maybe next time
he'll get hurt somewhere else
I haven't even asked you huh school yes
today he'll put this in the garbage
person okay garbage in the bathroom in
the bathroom put it in the garbage can
put it in the garbage can that is the
toilet do you want your other snack
after naptime
close the lid no don't flush it don't
flush it just close the lid there we go
okay would you like nope okay
there's nothing in the toilet but okay
go ahead join me to open this one for
you you eat that well you only have two
hands so you can just drop it on the
floor for now
let's see if you can do what we
practiced do one line down
hey do one hump at the top and then one
hump at the bottom okay let's try it
again one line down you keep going look
one line down come to the top and do one
and come in don't lift your pencil up
and then do another one like that
okay keep it there now do one hump okay
do it one more time so do one line down
to one hump at the top don't lift your
pencil up and then do another hump at
the bottom that's your very first
official that's the best be ever oh my
gosh could do one worse we are not going
to do what we did last time when Cody
was going into kindergarten he couldn't
quite I don't think he can't remember if
he could write in his name or not I just
remember getting a lot of crap for and I
was like he's fine and he is fine he's
like he actually did really well in
kindergarten but I would like Boston to
be able to write his name and know most
of his letters before he goes into
kyndra no we're gonna start now because
next year you're going to kindergarten
leave your gum in your mouth you know
those days where you're just frustrated
your fuse is just a little short that's
kind of in today and so that's why I'm
like okay kids
we're gonna I'm gonna leave this open so
you get some pressure in the house too
we're gonna help and eat apples
hopefully without worms Joel are you
doing okay out here are you sure I know
you guys win kids help it just it just
doesn't help
Joel's having me get the water out on a
tree out here that's not looking very
good which is sad cause it's only two
years old
but it's just like I was going in my
head I'm like do I leave the clip in
with free because it makes me feel so
guilty knowing that all you moms out
there are doing it on your own and I
know that I have hired her to help us so
that we can do other activities not
activities the other projects and so
that I won't lose my mind and so far
it's working really well I'm not losing
my mind but I know the feeling of losing
my mind when it's just me doing it and I
just it just makes me feel guilty it
makes me feel guilty that I have help
and I know so many moms don't does dad
know you scratched your name in this
tree does he know Olivia just confessed
that she might be the one killing the
tree so these are the exact same trees
right here those leaves are super green
and these ones are all brown you come do
over here no okay okay let go thank gosh
okay break the leaves can you do it over
here okay do it right there
thank you you had one job
I realize what I said earlier something
about difficulty working with brands
let's clarify it wasn't a brand that I
worked with today on this block Olivia
and I just got back from piano lessons
and I want to show her this thing that
we've got for you these are scrapbooks
and I have been waiting to put pictures
of her and her dolls in there and so I
want to print some of the ones that I
have of her and since Joel knows how to
do this I'm just gonna let you go ahead
and do it I'm sure people are gonna want
to know that this is called it is called
print oh well you could do Olivia is
tape it in sideways like that
and then on the little card that slips
out you can write on it like what it is
what you think you can do what you can
write whatever you want or you can do it
however you want I was thinking it feels
like it's been a long day we're gonna
close the vlog and head to bed early Joe
and I we're not getting our computers
out we're not getting our phones out
we are going to have a quiet evening and
then we're gonna go to bed thank you
guys for watching we'll see you guys
tomorrow bye Olivia I am dying Olivia
made these dresses for her dolls out of
felt and these are like old scraps for
ribbons Olivia I am honestly so
impressed look at the sleeves I made for
her I'll look whoopsie well and look
these are from my old like necklaces and
stuff you guys she did a high-low it's a
high-low dress oh my gosh you're like
the world's youngest baby dress designer
I'm so as bad
