scoot over here to enthralled scoot over
my absolute favorite thing is when the
kids one by one migrate into my room and
we just hang out together in the
mornings we're watching one of Julie's
vlogs it was Emma's birthday Emma has
the same birthday as my mom so they got
a share of birthday anyway so we're just
watching vlogs and hanging out and this
is my favorite thing like I could not
ask for anything to make me more happy
than for my kids to come I am and climb
on my bed with me there just makes me
feel like a mom like anything's cuz I
loved getting on my bed you want cereal
yeah I don't I don't don't Lincoln so I
thank you cereal oh I'm torn what should
we do for bricks Lincoln you're kind of
being a skink so are you you guys are
all whiny little brats we just don't
know no we did Olivia's hair but don't
let this laughter for you he has been
screamed she likes the way her pigtails
oh no that's not funny
Lincoln it's not funny you guys he has
been crying and screaming all morning
long and I was like oh my gosh she's all
over your parents I don't even know what
lipstick this was time to decide by the
smell found him in my room oh and he was
right on top of our yep so there's
lipstick on all over the Halloween
costumes which one oh man they love
cream or what one is this coral bliss I
love coral bliss and he has tried my
patience this morning and I haven't been
having a very good morning one of my
absolute favorite people in this entire
world was in the hospital last night not
doing very well and I've just been a
little emotional about it you have been
a terror today and he thinks it's funny
he just doesn't even realize he's like
yeah this is awesome honestly that's
just like the epitome of mom life it's
like he has no clue that there's this
whole that world and I deal with he just
thinks a world revolves around him which
it does my world doesn't really mad
about this lipstick yeah thinking did
you eat it
yeah sure where did it go it's gone
that's all of it how many wet wipes does
it take one two three four five six wet
wipes to clean up the lipstick mess and
in the meantime I've got one more upset
child do you have any idea what you want
to be when you get older
a worker what kind of
destruction liquor where you want to
build these really big buildings or like
houses you're a doctor takes ball work
your dentist
takes a long daddy if you're a
construction worker takes longer
anything and everything that you do and
takes a lot of work he's probably worked
hard
Cody and I have been sitting here
looking out the window watching all the
trees fall my code
Joel's getting his tin foil dinners or
these to go gourmet example their
gourmet to enclose ready to go he is sad
that my dad isn't coming on this trip
because my mom usually does the meals
and we got ripped off grandma Griffis
didn't make the meals grandpa breakfast
isn't coming uncle Kevin's not coming
uncle Beau's not coming Douglas isn't
coming it's just three migos not amigos
amigos
yeah pop fun he's still like he's still
excited to go well I mean Douglas snores
like a bear anyway so be a blessing and
us girls are gonna do what we always do
we're all gonna go to Ellie's house
probably get in the hot tub and watch
kids until we're really sick of kids and
then it'll be time for kids to go to bed
can I stay with you well boys this
tradition stands when you go to the
warming Hut it is always raining I think
it's really funny last year in snow and
I was nervous as heck about it I was I
didn't want to go to be honest I thought
this is gonna be miserable and it ended
up being the funnest trip ever and I
kind of prayed a little bit for snow and
if it's raining down here it is snowing
where we're going so hopefully you know
here little Bonnie's hairs is coming
with me I guess hopefully there's snow
up where we're going and I hope we wake
up to it cuz that's half the fun
talk about baptism by fire for Frank
here he got a little dirty coming up
here like where that took a lot longer
than last time
I swear it's good got a little mud on it
without even getting it off the trailer
buckle home boys welcome home our fire
alarms very intuitive it knows that we
have a fire going in there but it
doesn't like our fire how do you smokey
I think ventilating out I'm not sure
Depeche Mode activated or hush mode hit
Depeche Mode we've all got our fishing
poles we're gonna go down to a creek and
try and fish it a little bit because
this is ideal fishing weather a little
bit of snow a little bit of cold I don't
know what I'm talking about we're gonna
try it anyway because we brought the
poles people always wonder what's the
key to staying warm Jared do you not it
is three heads one two three yeah
ridiculous you don't even need a jack
you just eat hoods three of them be fine
this work is incredible like there's a
little bit of blue up there a little bit
of blue but it is snowing pretty good
it's not really heavy just light flurry
gorgeous probably terrible fishing
weather I guess we're not eating tonight
because we got skunked for fishing but
oh well we stopped this year two weeks
ago like hundreds of them swimming up
this brook we thought we'd catch one
easy and polish through the weather's a
lot different but oh well we're deeply
involved in a gang of fines before
mother key huh before it gets dark
yeah before it gets dark I lost the
fishing pole Jared found the fishing
pole I lose the key to the four-wheeler
Jared finds the key to the forum yeah
good Jared prayers are answered I
seriously felt a little bit primary but
I was just like we we have no idea what
else we're gonna do there's no other
resort we're saying a prayer prayer two
minutes later found at that awesome so
cool so fun all right
Landon can't touch anything valuable
anymore we're gonna hold your hand from
here on out but the firewood where'd all
the firewood go do you want to go back
to Missouri at all or anything he's
using an interesting technique Oh still
counts a little bit whoa nice man man oh
cool you almost lost the toe there let's
see it oh yeah goodness for editing I'll
cut that out I promise okay I'm walking
in here for the first time I am speed
man we don't need any more chalk you
just picking up great he actually lost
the ax you know they say about cutting
wood cut once get warm twice no those
are not rice crispies
with a little snap crackle and pop in
tin foil dinners baby this one's mine
and those do you have to fight over
those I don't know put it on Jerry Jerry
gets both of them landed lost his
already so
see that far silhouette out there it's
about 50 yards away
that's the outhouse which Levin is
having to use right now say hi Landon it
is a balmy 90 degrees inside this place
right now and it is very very cold out
there it is 24 degrees outside it was 28
degrees earlier now that the night
settled in I bet it's I bet it's pushing
20 degrees
oh and he's just putting his bare cheeks
on doesn't stick to it don't lick the
toilet seat I'm gonna be bad hmm
with that glorious thought in your mind
we will leave you guys here tonight if
you liked the video give it a thumbs up
and if you're new to the channel
subscribe we'll see you guys tomorrow
bye parkour parkour parkour parkour
