why are you acting so weird did you pay
your poll person your pull-up hey do you
know what those are called
but skitty's they're called skid ease or
skid marks and it's when you don't wipe
good enough but did you pee enough no I
don't care about fart crumbs all I care
about is Pete good job can you go put it
in the garbage
yep that's Kaka's put it down dear you
go get that one is everyone else being
crazy let's go change your diaper
you're gonna go take the leaves to the
dump with Daddy yeah so we got to go
change your diaper Olivia come enlighten
me with your new dance move it's amazing
show me okay I'm trying to explain to
Boston that we're going to a bird place
really fly all over us and take us there
no there yes okay they're gonna fly all
over and they're gonna probably land on
your hand and land on your shoulder but
they're not gonna thank you because
they're really nice birds but it will
see us I will see you cuz I'll be there
with you in mom will they pit us yeah
they get really nice with their bird
hands yes she fell right to sleep once I
put her down
yeah I was just on this page just on
this page and I finished that whole book
Lincoln
why can't you get your own self in the
stroller and buckle yourself up as fast
as possible I don't know what I'm doing
with the camera I feel like I'm being so
awkward and weird I'm not sure what to
do with my hands
we wanted to do something fun with the
kids and so we brought him down to Salt
Lake we were gonna stay in a hotel and
then realize mom and dad were gone and
just thought hey let's just stay at my
dad's house which was actually really
nice save just a little money so anyway
so we brought the kids to the Tracy
aviary apparently it's really cool we've
never been here whoa whoa wait a minute
I have been here Oh Joel hat when I was
a little boy I found a Robin on my
newspaper out with like a broken wing so
we ain't got it put it in a box your dad
brought you dad drove down here
I think that's the Sumida story
okay you guys ready for the show I have
no idea what to expect so we'll see you
don't need to be nervous because if I
thought that you're gonna hurt you
I wouldn't feel giddy
I think I'm like more excited than the
case you're here food roads these shows
are for the birds
yes you are you were holding my Olivia's
not Cody and Boston
apartment repair found in South America
sentiment
well to be a while
and Recife would be able to open up a
tortoise shell in just one oh my god
don't touch anything
they were feeding them wrong meat I can
only imagine the germs that are
everywhere I'm like second guessing
office when the vulture came out I
thought she may have been offended with
my facial expressions because I was just
like oh my gosh this is disgusting all
the raw meat yes her hands were covered
in like blood I was just like I cannot
even and it was like flying over my head
I'm like you're robbed meats gonna get
like waft into my face I think that's so
sweet that Cody thought that the bird is
pretty they look like fur bees okay yeah
ferocious tree though I was trying to
get how cute the kids were being and I
backed into a tree I was just like oh oh
wow look you've got like Fox ears oh
there he is can you see him guys rather
look like tree stumps the owls another
one you were looking at Olivia you just
look in the cave yes you can find pretty
birds if you just think
oh heavens you're covered and smell the
fake hair
ooh that's a bigger one right okay mommy
you sure about that are you sure Boston
yeah come right here can you I will
record you yes okay everybody you got to
get out of Kody's way he's trying
something amazing hey coach go follow
hey and your mark get set go
Oh yummy crickets birds oh he's so cute
excuse me I'm looking for the holy noise
has anyone seen beep hi Lincoln the mean
goes he goes I can't tell if he's angry
about it but yes let me see Boston again
he tripped and fell he looked up and he
goes again Olivia what do you think of
the flamingos I love swimming goes whoo
you're a beautiful flamingo channel your
inner flamingos yes they're fighting
they're fighting or something else I'm
not sure what's going on over there
shoes
glad you came and I stayed awake and I
tried getting a little bit edited for
get it nice Thank You Joel is outside
getting his trip prepared for they're
going on a little overnight or tomorrow
I don't know why I say little they're
going on an overnight or tomorrow so I'm
going to eat dinner with him later and
the kids are eating dinner now
apparently Lincoln has done you guys
please eat your dinner the kids are
being a very silly we're having the
leftovers from the other day which the
kids loved got a wipe up where Lincoln
was touching you be nice you be nice
okay you look at Cody right now no yeah
you know what to do say I'm sorry Cody
no I can't hear you
okay now show him soft how do you be
soft with Cody say I won't hurt you yes
those are his ears my yeah he's got a
million now he's because everyone surest
Ubisoft okay
not sure he knows how to focus yeah well
I feel pretty exhausted I think we're
gonna call it a night I honestly can't
believe that we get to do this for our
living and I just wanted to tell you
guys thanks for watching I love you you
guys watch I love to communicate in the
comment section with you guys thank you
so much for watching we'll see you guys
tomorrow bye
