you kids went to bed at midnight last
night and you were up that's they were
up at 7:30 it's 8:12 now they held off
coming upstairs for a half hour
watching TV we are out of milk and the
only resort for breakfast is that the
best pieces are divided up my body
weight buddy and I don't weigh both of
you the kids not that was theirs piece
no way that's daddy's piece I know you
better okay eat that all up cuz that's
heaven Olivia brought up her baby this
morning and she's been going through all
my old jewelry that I used to make which
is funny but I made this for a million
years ago and it's just been sitting in
a bucket and she has been using it as
her bracelets all of you oh my gosh
that's so funny
oh I'm so glad I didn't get rid of
what's in her bags Celia Olivia loves
these magnet things
I'm sorry not magnets the puzzle erasers
she loves the puzzle erasers and whose
is this one yours your dolls on miles
okay perfect she looks like she's ready
to go to Grandma's so are you gonna be
so you're gonna let her watch a movie
and you're fun do I let you watch movies
on my phone this afternoon I got a phone
call from a family that I home teacher
and they called me said we need some
tires pulled off a car so I came to the
rescue
called my home teaching companion got
his jack and tools and I'm available to
help take some tires off a car
you already put your hat away I'm gonna
tell you the one thing not one one of
the things that makes me insane about
Joel is that he doesn't ever put his
hats away he has hats all over the place
and he never puts them away he'll change
sorry there's something on my thumb it
was making me crazy um and I don't have
lipstick on so I do look a little funny
right now um we're getting ready to walk
out the door Joel will change his hat
ten times in a day okay like two or
three sometimes just two but seriously I
have to put them away every time are you
serious
and can you hear Lincoln yelling in the
background oh sorry guys this is like a
rough clip
can you hear Lincoln in the background
he's like I am ready to go we're getting
ready to leave because the kids have a
day or two off the school and we thought
about getting a hotel room but instead
of spending the money on a hotel room we
were like mom and dad are out of town
let's go to your house so we're gonna
stay in my mom and dad's for the night
Lincoln has been called a girl probably
four times this week at the grocery
store or just out and about and I think
it's because normally I kind of do this
thing to the side here which i think is
really handsome but for a shaggy your
haircut which we've been going with I
think we need to do it forward and if
we're gonna do it forward look like a
girl you're pretty enough you
hi Lincoln and yeah I'm using my kitchen
scissors because I don't want to go
downstairs and get my cutting shears
it'll be fine
look kitchen scissors have been used to
cut children's here for decades just not
by trained professionals that makes all
the difference
oh ho let's see what it looks like okay
wow that is not what I want it to look
like hold on I'm not done
it's the scissors no no uh-uh okay
trying to get rough Joe I don't need you
watching me and judging me oh are you
kidding me yeah that's so cute you cut
hair hey bud your hair's just finished
dad's is oh look at the handprint on the
door that's so cute
there's a hand from the door and it's so
cute did you read the whole way down
what book are you reading the ivy and
bean run hop out did you fall asleep
come here big guy
oh you ran in we'll go find Boston do
you think he had fun I'm sure he did
give me paw patrol pajamas where did you
get that that's so awesome
was he
I was excited uh Lincoln's face I did
not teach him that either
I said Cody done it now lies lies okay
you're gonna share with your brothers
well come show me what did you say to
Boston he looked at Boston said what do
you say to Grandma thanks for being mom
well thank you guys for taking him to
stay you think you can handle that he's
crying did he show you yeah he fell just
as we were leaving come on let's go play
Anna leave that up here get lost okay go
play okay
drive away the talk down feeling free
talk about
No
talk about
the chair
whoo
Thank You job
I'm watching
about you
talking bout
I know you come out of here
Lincoln you're stubborn no
yeah let's go wipe your nose
are you being careful up there you okay
try it again
you were doing so good Cody okay focus
okay let me move out of his way so when
he falls he doesn't hurt you all right
missus this is all what happened you
said it was so easy so it's not as easy
as you thought is it Boston I'm proud of
you cannot crying Boston what the heck
was the half well are those paw patrol
moose
has anyone seen Lincoln Lincoln hid more
you hey come on out you're gonna have
diarrhea from eating these okay me I
think they're keeping secrets this is
their secret hiding spot surely you're
Indian I let you say you look because
every some random t-shirt and my gosh I
killed myself giving my hair washed
today so I was like I am NOT going out
with Julian Landon but who should we
invite you probably I said I landed yeah
I'm gonna back on them I got false
lashes on Oh
do not even understand like look how
short your head is why on earth with did
this need to be so tall so is mine like
why what is the point of that I was
hoping you'd stick your eyeballs in Nick
do you know how many times Jules tried
to close the vlog I don't have a shirt
on so he has to close it say good night
to him jolly good night tell him you
love him you love you guys tell him how
much money how to dinner
