there was a good day bunnies on my
pillow because a bad day she be on that
pillow good day it's gonna be a good day
it's gonna be a great day
uy it's gonna be a great day because
we're wearing our car hearts stand up
and show me your pants boys or don't no
that's fine yeah don't look at those car
hearts and look what daddy's wear in
college oh good that's fine that's just
fine
we have a workday today me and Boston
have this relaunch we gotta take go take
care of today we got to go help Uncle
Jared my brother uncle Jerry do my
parents long which we always do and
Barney's parents long with you always do
and these two have a half day we care
about
yes cornbread and chicken FYI
Alan Jackson bucket list concert big old
polish
get out of my truck like your cowboy
boots that's it's good to know well you
guys it's noon I'm still in my robe I've
attempted to change 5,000 times the
other better things have come up and the
kids just got home from school because
it's an early out yes I've been crying
because I've had a wonderful morning
I've had an emotional morning it's just
a morning like it's just a regular
stay-at-home mom kind of morning and I
love it it's great I look terrible it's
great the kids just got home from school
code even what the heck is the matter
tell me what you've been having a bad
day with I actually so let me ask you
the number one question was it on
accident all of those things or did you
do them on purpose action ok so let me
ask a few more follow-up questions was
the kid okay at school that you kicked
with the ball yeah did he cry sorry when
What did he say okay and when you were
climbing on the monkey bars I was on the
monkey bars that you hit your head what
bar was it well I was the alleged to
play soccer slight and sometimes ball
get left out because people the
derringer doesn't seem so yeah I was
under so he wouldn't see it so you were
hiding the ball yeah and did it work did
you hide it from him yeah then I was
pushing the ball up so it wouldn't say
so I had to get a little closer but
never hit my head again my heck did you
cry no holy crap you're so tough and
what book was a vid you ripped Olivia's
paper out of was it a library book
Olivia guess what all those things are
just fine and guess what we can still
have a good day okay okay guess what
Jays grandma's birthday we're still
gonna celebrate here by making a pie
praise no that's not the surprise I
think my favorite part about coming down
today is every time I came down on a
long day I was in Frank and he had to go
really really slow and I was a couple
the dude actually the speed limit it was
awesome I didn't have to go
we are just cleaning up the rest this
yard we got it all the way mode edged
and now we're just cleaning up the
debris all the dirt crumbs when I hit
this there was like that much of grass
hanging over and it makes these big long
like worms off little Boston wait I'll
pick them all up
fill this little garbage can full
Vavilov garbage can full and now it's up
to dad his fan pedesta debris my dad
showed up and he's been blowing out
stuff doing way more than it supposed to
do so hopefully as Doctor won't see this
video what are those olena uh potato
bugs to the mecca Rolie polies whatever
else put them in your hand they'll roll
up like a ball man they're just crawling
all over you
you gonna bring those home No
look what I just found one glove coming
right up the Hulk
Oh Hulk II bulky yeah well I don't think
anybody else has that name in her house
so check that out but a little
salamander
that's so cool looking but little
salamander see he's nice huh
no it's cuz he's cold oh that's like a
blanket I bet he likes that
he's like the friendliest guy ever by
hokey-pokey get warm in the Sun in the
glove that's coming with me in two
seconds so cute you're so cute
the only thing that was gonna make Cody
happy was doing his reflex math can you
guys believe he's so obsessed with math
all right Cody we are gonna make a pie
today I don't want to I am not in the
mood to make a pie but joel is out being
a nice guy and he has requested that I
make him a pie using the apples from the
tree so I'm right now I'm looking for
mom's crust recipe because it's dad's
favorite
hold it with that hand use the knife
scrape it out cooking with kids is
definitely the favorite thing to do and
it's a good thing to do I'm like okay
fine you can tell you're doing a good
job though do you know that when I I
could go back in time I would definitely
go back to when my grandma died and be
more sympathetic to my mom because of
the time my brain just didn't understand
what a big deal that was because I was a
teenager but I wish I could go back and
love my mom when her mom died we're
gonna make an apple pie apples are still
healthy the ways the Apple outside we
gotta go picking him this was like
cinnamon a peaches mmm-hmm sorry Joel I
was trying to make you an apple pie but
after getting into all of the apples
none of them were very good so we're
doing peach so much for Boston helping
me all the day
grandpa offered to put paw patrol on for
him and Boston was done we can half
later the ghosts are standing Mickey and
Minnie are standing tall snowman I
remember his name and they're doing
pretty good going on that's not is the
pumpkins so we are going to rob Peter to
pay Paul or rob Santa Claus Darth Vader
to pay the pumpkins we gotta still a fan
out of one and put it in the other do a
little bit of surgery I always knew I
would be a doctor I just didn't know
it'd be a doctor of inflatable balloon
decorations for yards but somebody's got
to do that job somebody's got to be that
kind of a surgeon and that's why I
specialize in so I'll make my first
incision right here just below it so
I've got a direct route up and sometimes
their skin is really tough it has a hard
time
opening incising incision whatever cope
and nurse I need something stat will cut
that little zip tie and he'll be free to
go
oh yeah probably safer option would have
been to unplug it beforehand I think
we've got a difficulty this may not be
solvable turns out our first donor for
this surgery it's not quite a prime
candidate so we're going to go to the
morgue Walmart
there's a very clear reason why I don't
go to ballmart without Bonnie because
then I start browsing and I start
browsing I end up buying something I
don't know who's happier right now
Boston cuz he's watching paw Patrol
having a good old time or grandpa
because he's napping
with Boston nurse when I cut this cord
it's life or death for these doggies
that's these are ugly little duck this
really is a kind of an ugly little thing
I hope dogs are gone oh well with dr.
Helene
did you just successfully transplant the
first-ever
blow-up motor yeah yeah I did I'll write
a piece on this later that's Bonnie
that's me that's Lincoln for sure but
for some reason his head's big that's
Olivia cuz she's always happy
because he's just a little bit bashful
Cody fits both of those personality
she's a little wired and weird so here
you go
what are you smuggling huh hey Dad oh
you know what bud those look pretty good
I'll let you have all three of them okay
yeah you have oh that's nice of you
you're gonna share with me oh don't I
get the one that dropped on the floor
that's that's very nice you coming home
with me no I'm you're gonna spend the
night at Grandma on grandpas and you can
watch paw patrol all night we have
parent-teacher conferences right now and
so we are just trying to get out the
door and John's not home yet so I'm
going to just take all three of the kids
with me as I go which shouldn't be too
bad right as well as Lincoln's okay it
shouldn't be too bad Boston he believes
where you're gonna sleep
Patrol GK was that blue game cloud would
show everything that is underneath you
oh you're gonna miss me yeah wish I
could say the same I bet I would too
that sounds good paw Patrol Hill okay
she blanket I honestly don't know if
you're ever gonna come home again I am
should we go find some paw patrol
pajamas ooh but I better get out of here
before I stop hurting your fun hello mom
doesn't anybody want to come see me
doesn't anybody want to say hi to dad
did anybody miss me
mm Bonnie made a pie mmm that looks so
good nobody makes pies quite like Bonnie
I don't know whether
he got some trail mix from the
parent-teacher conferences oh he was so
good he just sat in his stroller the
whole time I want to show you what the
kids got so we went into the Book Fair
and because the teacher said that their
behavior was really good his math he's
like excellent at math and we're just
needed work on reading with him olivia
is the opposite we she was super good at
reading but she needs to work on her
math a little bit I was having this
conversation with my parents literally
is that same weird I mean where's the
whole like you I got tons of stuff that
it has okay so let me show you the other
one was this school gave her this book
which I thought was really nice I think
she's read a few other Humphreys yeah
and then she always gets these like pull
apart
erasers you they they pull apart so even
the head comes apart yeah face off oh
wow and look at this
the momma's little koala knots a
kangaroo the baby can even come out of
the mother's tummy
so Cody picked this book that they gave
to him ignored by them yeah and he chose
that one and they all got trail mix
wasn't that fun we need to figure out
something to do for dinner that's
something oh yeah well that's what we're
gonna do thank you guys for watching
we'll see you guys tomorrow
Lincoln just got a paper towel and he's
cleaning up his mess you're just
cleaning up the table thank you oh he's
like yep spilled on the floor too
