Lincoln's hair needs a haircut I am NOT
gonna cut cut it but if there's
something needs to come up those hair as
you can see he's not very excited about
it thinking look we're gonna get your
hair wet Maria you're okay you're fine
everybody we could do a little hairstyle
something like this supports Ida
okay he doesn't like the air one boy
gonna fix it should we fix it I have a
better idea for your hair don't
understand why you're getting a hairband
for my son you just ride your own
business okay let me just see let me
just look if you don't like it I'll
check it out
do you not like that one either do you
like it you don't like it do you know
what this is called Lincoln this is
called a baby man bun you don't think
you want to keep a baby man bun should
we go show Olivia here we go show Olivia
okay let's go show Olivia your hair and
see what they say about your new man bad
either key like this man buzz or if you
like to go I don't really know you like
go show Olivia your man men say Olivia I
have a man you like your gun you he's
not a girl Kobe no he does not
yeah have you guys ever heard of a man
but no say I'm a cute boy hey all he
needed was a little gun to persuade him
we haven't even done the haircut yet are
you ready for this okay it's haircut
time you wanna ponytail your hair is too
short
we could totally put your hair in a
ponytail and yeah your hair does look
like it's on the cartoon it's a wood -
called a troll we can say mommy I
remember a full house episode where
Uncle Jesse took his twin boys to get
their haircuts and he was like I don't
want to cut their long hair off I love
it I love it and the barber who was the
other uncle I remember his name and he
just like cut this and styled it and it
was still long and they were like and
this reminds me of that uncle Joey yeah
uncle Joey call our house Lincoln look
at all your hair in the sink is that
pretty cool okay nothing's cool right
now
okay I don't know if that made them look
more like a girl or more like a boy it's
really difficult to know what to do with
his hair but I loved it long do you
think you look I think he just has
pretty face
oh I'm not holding you you're a stinker
can't do a line across that line other
crafts we'll have to get a piece of
paper out in July and write your name
down so you can see what it looks like
No can you hear kotor singing in the
bathtub here we get blurry levels so
this is my friend Audrey hey she is like
the best friend ever so nice we're
having a playdate together
okay so roommate ruin you know just by
oh my mom yes see what she's doing cuz I
always like to like fine yeah just buy
Underpants and they just like see what
they're saying
one time I scared my dad and he's so
hard to spy and I should be recording
out on my phone and I'm like whoa yeah
it's just like so easy to sign always
scare my grandma like all the time what
time in the dark
oh we were playing dark hide-and-seek
and um guess like Cody was in the corner
and he didn't know I was right there cuz
it was so dark nose were in black and
then all of a sudden I came up to him
and they scared him he literally giome
is so funny oh and about her she has
like the cutest phone case ever I'm so
jealous because she get the phone this
one I hid so unlike everybody in my
class almost has a phone and I don't
know okay so I have a farm Marley have
the phone and Emma about how the phone
wait and the others yeah oh and just
and network we're gonna go show you guys
how they get his way hi Polly
what a day for it food drive and a horn
honking at me we've got a food drive
this morning with a young man I'm gonna
take Lincoln you got sales oh yeah you
got cereal Grandma and Grandpa holding
gave you cereal first sake Patrick's Day
huh this is how we're spending our span
Patrick in the snow for that food let's
go
business good for the young man I've
done my time doing this stuff
seeing the other groups out as you have
in there's literally two minutes ago the
snow is coming down so hard that the
boys were covered in snow before they
even got to the doorsteps oh oh you're
like covered in green zipper here you
guys love the cones have skin so they
went to zero cents
you want carrots we're not having
carrots we're having funeral potatoes
I'm not giving that to you which ones
are decent this one is vanilla they have
the banana milk the banana girl okay
they have banana milk and maybe if I can
find it the root beer milk oh okay
that's good mom does know how to sell we
are making funeral potatoes and then I'm
gonna make chicken marsala and I love
chicken marsala it's just me and the
boys enjoying a nice peanut butter jelly
sandwich and a banana milk chug was it
taste like code your moment like that
your mom would really like that say
yummy bad thumbs up that means yes it
does we're gonna close the vlog here if
you guys are new to the channel
subscribe and if you liked the video
give it a thumbs up if you just turn
Linkens burp give it a thumbs up if you
have not already checked out our volley
ground clothing line the link is in the
description below go check it out buy
your wife something nice if your wife
buy yourself something nice hey guys
nation
