Olivia you gotta get dressed for school
I'm just easing out of your range a
monkey they're really tight Wow are they
gonna work when you get this whole you
can take them off yeah you can wear the
matching coat one last time it doesn't
really fit you anymore but it'll work
for today we have one more item of
business this morning Boston did you
wake up with a clean pull-up
and do it guys I'm gonna get my air
patroller today yeah why do you get that
it does ever cause I did pee the bed for
all of these times and look this is your
last box can you believe it
he came in my room way early and I said
we are not allowed to talk about Papa
tools yet he didn't even say a word
turned around and walked out this is the
most unofficial least creative chart in
the world that's it that's your
signature for the box well it didn't so
let it be done this is what motivated
you you did it we've done this with each
of the kids and it's worked so if you
can wait long enough for me to get ready
can you do that can I go get ready and
then we'll go get your prize can you do
that yeah in my ear patchouli is that
well someone got it before we did this
morning bunny asked me to get this crib
assembled all the way back together so
we can get it ready to sell cuz we're
gonna start putting Lincoln had a big
boy bed here soon okay
is that your tractor you're lucky to
have that binky I don't know where you
always find those I keep seeing you get
rid of that but I just haven't yet what
look forward like this there you go yes
I am about to take Joel's truck and
every time I get in he is such a true
old man he's got like talk radio going
so we gotta find like something good in
here I don't really know okay I don't
know how he has this program okay juicy
is preset Nat King Cole are you making
fun of my laughs Boston there we go hey
make sure you drop that prescription off
okay can you believe the day finally
came I cannot believe this day finally
came Boston you surprised me with how
well you've done to be honest
you can pick out whatever you want when
we get it in here and he told me when I
get in there I can just run I'm just
gonna run to the place because I know
where to get at Kate you go mister I'll
follow you hey I'm gonna get a cart
okay you don't have this one you have
this one you have this one you don't
have this one you don't have that one or
the fire truck you need the one light
fire okay so this is the sea patroller
yeah and right there dad can make that
noise pretty good okay so there's that
one there's this one that you've seen
like there's Jake's house yeah I'm
looking I'm looking
Boston what if they don't have the air
patroller here we might be making a trip
down to Target it's not going to be on
this side sweetie this is all the girl
stuff oh my gosh oh sweet I want to get
those so bad oh my gosh it's a pack and
play for her baby yes sorry got
sidetracked what if you want the sea
patroller I will totally get it for you
if you want to go fight look at a
different store we can try and find the
air patroller at a different store but
that's up to you because you worked so
hard at not peeing the bed and now he
has potty-trained at night so I am going
to let you pick whatever one you want
yeah
what is this one here put it down let's
see what's this one but this is like a
small Tower one they have that one up
there that's big well yeah yeah and aunt
juley just did a video on that one
alright this might this might be bad but
I'm gonna try it okay what do you think
of this one if this is what you want yes
I will get this are you sad that you're
not gonna get the air patroller yeah do
you want to go to a different store and
get the airport or or do you want this
one I want to make 100% sure that you
are happy with your toy are you happy
with one we picked yeah
promise yeah okay and I have to tell you
I am so proud of you and I'm so proud of
you for not peeing a bed at night but
you'll but yet I think that will help me
build it yep is a button that makes
noise I know you keep telling me that
how do you
well that one like grew there that's
wild
next year what I'll do is win it when
the crop comes out come knock off all of
the starts over here so that way there's
no like I just don't even have to worry
about growth later on yeah I mean
there's quite a few over there one right
there these are the situations you run
into and you have a pergola
it's just pergola life you know the mean
go she ate or go home yes is BRE
coloring with you know when clearly the
answer is yes hot with this oh is that
what a monkey says
get it up there can you get up there
going in go oh good try
Boston PD thing's gonna play if your
time are you or Lincoln well you're very
nice to share my house and her name's
baby and she has a kin and she found the
kitten and so she asked me yesterday if
I could come over to in Sirica in and it
was okay with my mom so the net today I
want to go and so we have these long the
rest of the park get it out okay okay
yeah she's gone
and so I don't think maybe I could play
but maybe tomorrow yeah
maybe tomorrow Bree insisted on us
giving this instant pot her mom said
that they're gonna be perfect for our
away morning she said three minutes for
our okie we've been doing overnight
Joel's over here drooling like an animal
have you never seen beef food oh no that
actually looks pretty awesome I mean I'm
not gonna eat it but that is Olivia's a
meteor face let's count the balls one
two three four five six six sites
insurance to see on being helped
yep let's do six couples we don't need
both today okay oh yeah I forgot you
guys were in there seriously I was like
getting ready to close the cover done
like oh yeah camera
I don't want to act psycho over how good
I think this is but Joel it is
phenomenal did you follow our recipe for
this oh he ate that in what 1.2 seconds
oh okay I'm going to leave a link in the
description for the recipe that you'll
use and for the pot that we use because
I'm kind of thinking their life changing
their life changing Brie's mom was so
amazing for recommending this and Bree
for recommending this to us so good the
balsamic and red wine in the gravy I am
so impressed look how strong he is where
did you even learn to do that where'd
you learn to do it Cody
did you just say it doesn't matter did
you just say it doesn't that is attitude
you stinker where'd you learn to do it
you just practiced you did okay we just
got done with family home evening and we
talked about how the trials in our life
make us stronger I'm about ready to take
Olivia to piano lesson oh my gosh okay
Lincoln is crying and being really loud
so I'm just gonna run up the stairs to
you guys thank you for watching give the
video a thumbs up if you liked it and
we'll see you guys tomorrow bye
