I don't know what you're crying for but
you've been crying all morning and I
haven't gotten dressed yet
can you let mommy get dressed please mr.
Fox can I please get dressed come on let
me get dressed
can you stop crying for one minute yes
sir right here and I'm gonna find some
clothes to wear actually I'm gonna find
some soul out she clothes to wear like
soup
I feel like Ellie could use a little
pick-me-up and I feel like my toes could
use a little pick-me-up and so I
scheduled two pedicures this morning I
don't want to get ready right now
because I want to get ready later
because we have a Halloween party that
we're going to oh my god a fox in my
closet right now and I feeling really
nervous there's nothing in here for you
my closets kind of off-limits to foxes
and babies so you're just kind of out of
luck yeah no I can't even go to the
bathroom without Lincoln crying at the
door this morning have you sat here and
watch me brush my teeth so what's
happening okay love you bye Joel's gonna
finish editing I went and picked up
Ellie and I totally forgot that we took
Bree bring came over today and she has
the kids and we're gonna go yesterday
Jill and I woke up and we worked from
the moment we woke up till into the
nighttime we're just kind of figuring
out how we want to have like our routine
down and everything and it's just it
just feels like there's a lot going on
we were doing our quarterly taxes and
then there's like the behind this stuff
stuff that you have to get set up for
our cookbook that we're trying to work
on and
I don't know there was just a lot of
things that we've been doing and when we
went to bed last night I told him I was
like in the morning I'm getting a
pedicure he's like that's fine go ahead
do it and so you're my partner in crime
it was like Bree can you watch both of
our kids and Bree is amazing she's like
oh of course yeah let's go over to
Ellie's and play and who wouldn't want
to play in your backyard Ellie's artopey
I have gray and then black with silver
glitter isn't that so cute see I'm like
not as dark as yours yeah is that what
you want it I love it yeah yeah there
wake you there wake you I know I know
this little spy guy right here the kids
don't know the combination of this room
because this is mom and dad's room
keeping the kids out little peeping eyes
over there kept looking at me the whole
time and I kept it kept telling him turn
away turn away turn away how was school
today quiet cuz the baby's asleep
so you brought your entire class up I
got home and Bree just left and
Lincoln's down friend nap and this is
when Boston and I usually have our quiet
time which consists of watching a show
or something but we've got to talk about
a few things know me so Boston is
normally a good boy aren't you you are a
good boy but he did something really
naughty last night and we're gonna show
you guys so he got in trouble last night
you want to tell everybody what you did
yeah Vasiliy there
and was that a nice thing to do or a
super naughty thing to do so this is the
Vaseline that we keep in the bathroom
and if you look inside it was full and
if you can tell there is it goes all the
way to the bottom so he put vaseline on
what the car carpet his car bucks the
bed the bathroom
yeah and they put on cookies favorite
Bowl a he likes a kick
you did yeah okay so there's something
else I need to go clean last night he
got in a lot of trouble and this morning
we're moving on right and you know
better because you're too big to be
doing that kind of stuff that's the kind
of stuff that Lincoln does or that you
did when you were little
mm-hmm but you're too big of a boy
you're going to kindergarten next year
your teachers aren't you like a very
naughty
I got no cousin you're already in
diggers yeah and you're not gonna be
able to keep those toys if you do
naughty things like that right yeah and
a look at the air patrol if we're going
to get it and I'd be back and we'll just
turn around and never ever get it yep so
what you need to know is that one I am
really mad at the act and it's not okay
to do things like that but we'll move on
right and that's that Ellie is really
good at and this she's kind of talk to
me about is that you don't need to be
mad forever that's something that I've
learned from her it means we're not
gonna do it again
and now let's be happy and just move on
I am yet to try on our costumes we're
going to a Halloween party well we're
trying to do this ahead of time so we
know so like the same day it's plenty of
that a time he's making fun of me
you're cute I mean it's a little large
but like I don't think I've ever been
more attracted to a crayon
Thank You cute I mean it seriously is a
little ghetto um you'll shut your mouth
there's nothing ghetto about the
building blocks of our children's
education which is Crayola Crayons
you see
I think it's working
that's what you meant I really have my
hopes up when Bonnie called me and said
things are gonna get steamy come
upstairs
freakin ripoff such a ripoff this is
gonna be really neat look at me thinking
no you are not putting on your cowboy
boots why don't you just tell him that
you took his Halloween candy or
something Lincoln he's like I feel like
garbage come here come ask daddy you got
your cowboy boots do you know you're the
cutest little baby there ever was
those are Olivia's did you cry
that's right but bottoms up there's a
scary face that's scary
Lincoln face hey welcome to little just
give me one second I'll be right with ya
okay thank you
can I get one a hot and ready cheese
pizza and one order of breadsticks with
sauce have you seen Olivia no she has
come home yet I'm a little bit mad about
that makes me really mad well now that
we're alone in the bathroom there's
something secret that I got to talk to
you about that if the kids heard me it
would be really really bad is it the
fact that Olivia doesn't we're gonna
give Olivia away and Olivia's gonna go
live with someone else hopefully people
who aren't nice yeah oh my gosh Olivia I
had no idea we're in here good grief
okay hurry I need you to do your hair
I'm trying to fix my tights all right
all right dad just went to get some
pizza for the kids you guys are gonna
have pizza with my favorite babysitter
Rachel she's been cutting essent we love
her boss I'm just saying that since you
were how old were you when you first
started babysitting several years now
anyway okay off the sink get off this
thing you guys are gonna eat pizza
outside so you don't make a mess inside
for Rachel and do you swear you'll go to
bed good for her okay Olivia's gonna
sleep with the boyfriend
when it's not school days we can watch
it yes you can yes you can yes that is
still ok good luck Rachel thank you
seams aren't gonna straighten themselves
we just pulled out to Ellie and Jared's
house and all the neighbors are playing
on their segways and their bikes like
Ellie and Jared are the cool neighbors
that's so funny I was like wait a minute
those are Ellie and Jared's oh wait dear
Joel I've always wanted you to be a
crayon box and hold my purse we made it
to our party you guys look so oh my gosh
you look look you you my name is Batman
I'm passing a head injury from your past
that's a little lumpy and bumpy still
fighting okay Jared now show us you're
so colorful yeah you guys look really
great together
wait wait wait a second what what color
are you and tickle me pink maybe we
should look for the night but you know
kid-friendly everybody turns the wrapper
off their crayons later
well this this is a prank and we weren't
really invited your place is so pretty I
cannot believe how cute this is Malia
you throw such a good party I'm Gumby
hey Brady we are wrapping up the party
in here we had an awesome dinner sorry
everyone just got quiet tonight was such
a fun party it's so bright it's so
bright yeah I know we turn the light on
okay summing up the night not a lot of
people were blogging and sometimes it's
like you gotta have to know when to vlog
and when not to vlog and so I think we
just really enjoyed the night I fell in
love with everyone that was there
that was a fun group yeah it was well we
were sitting at dinner and everyone was
like proper and cold and I yeah and
quiet I was like okay so this is how the
night is gonna go and then we started
playing get-to-know-you games and then I
took a turn
oh my god every turn and it was like
okay we're playing the game I don't
think we officially closed the vlog last
night so I am going to close it by
showing you Cody dressing up in his
winter clothes for a little bit of frost
he's like it's winter the kids woke up
and they were looking for our Elf on the
Shelf like no not even close not yet go
down a slide Cody all right Olivia say
good night to everybody
