I didn't sleep at all last night I heard
Lincoln cough all night kids are off to
school all I want to do is go back to
bed but I literally can't we have so
much to do I'm gonna get ready and I'm
even gonna put I feel like a brand-new
woman I'm so glad that I was able to
shower and get ready and then I didn't
just lounge around because I have got
things to do you guys and I have some
convincing to do for Joel here Cody and
endo for a very long time and I'm not
sure if he's gonna allow me to do it but
I found it on top powder calm it is the
world's fastest growing marketplace
these guys have everything that you
could possibly be looking for and
they're all for ridiculously good prices
since I am choosing something on this
site I want you to go through and find
something that maybe I don't know you
would like to find they have 90 second
live options so we're gonna see if we
can find something to bid on is that a
paw patrol looks like it this is 89% of
Joe is so lame he's bidding on batteries
we're going twice oh this one is Benny
bonnie is winning he won't
go to top hat er con slash offer slash
Bonnie to get $10 off at $10 or more
purchase I will also make sure to leave
all the information in the description
if you guys need it I want to say thank
you to top patter for sponsoring today's
video and I can't wait to give Cody is
Nintendo hi Lincoln you stink you stink
so bad everything's funny bye sweetie
everything's funny too stinky pants huh
you sure are boobie is your doggy poopy
he's so happy right now
do you wake up happy ma please Oh socks
kids are home from school I spent the
afternoon doing quarterly taxes and
sending invoices and doing the bee-hind
the scenes for howleen productions
Cody's doing reflex math because he is
obsessed with it
Lincoln is still done for his nap he
should be waking up soon Boston's
watching a little movie what are you
guys doing in here so you spilled water
in your bed that's not too bad it's not
paint no that's not too bad cuz I would
totally kill ya okay well have fun are
you guys just painting well if you want
and she can use this too that's just
like an 80 baby paintbrush Kate we like
when you come over and play you're so
sweet
this afternoon I am out on a mission the
something so that all of us boys match
can you hold my hand well how am I gonna
record well you guys already have it and
daddy wants a pair pants some Carhartt
pants although my boys got Carhartt
pants but daddy and now that I've got a
truck again I feel like I am manly
enough to wear Carhartt jeans one more
time
so we're doing a boy's trip there you go
get in there deep there's going stop
can't climb in there let's see you okay
final news yes y'all fit okay sit in
there buster you got to share the
steering wheel trying to hold if you see
I think that's a dog toy I'm knockin on
pretty sure that's a dog sorry Boston I
I don't care what you say those will fit
you that's just perfect here let's put
him up to you come on let's see right
here just put them up to you hey works
just fine you put I'll undo the zipper
and I'll put your head through there
there you go that's ridiculous
I don't see why you don't like them I
don't see why you don't like wish me
luck because I'm here at the driver's
license division again trying to renew
my driver's license and I hope you're
crossing your fingers because we all
know that I'm gonna need it please a
pair one hour before posing to complete
the licensing process I make it within
15 all right you can look right there
for me
all right your chin hair yes yep one
year rise right there three two now
you're blind pictures great thank you
my number-one OD sk v h RN and zo f cv
flushing but today we're all fine that
process was not the nightmare that I
thought it was gonna be that actually
only took about 20 minutes but the
picture that was horrid the picture is
horrible we all fit in this dressing
room there's plenty of room in this
dressing room
you're just wild
sure I'm gotta take off my pants to try
some new ones actually you guys have the
exact same pants we can sleep literally
wearing the exact same pants right now
my other pants that's this guy's feel
like you guys are a little bit
know your code lustin goodbye oh these
are mom's favorite peanut roll boys trip
so we're just sharing a little treat
sitting on the bed of a truck just
chilling in a parking lot so you do
what's got truck hiker sweater
I think it's all small for you you're
getting a little bit
yeah gear sweater knock your pants yeah
alright let's go get our seats let's go
I'm warming up dinner and I was telling
Joel how horrible my driver license
picture is because the guy said I was
like join me to look at the smiley face
do I look down at the smiling yes yep
and he's like yeah look at this my pics
it's a white picture and instead of
looking into the lens and smiling my
picture looks like this put my chin down
a little bit
drop your chin hair and so I've got this
like double chin going on it's not like
anyway and I I lied on my driver's
license that's multiplying a federal I
know and I was reading the document that
said that the what is that office called
the home home let's cure you I was like
this Homeland Security need to get
involved don't worry he was just about
my weight
everybody how tall we are I am five five
Joel truth be told is what are you
laughing at you're faking it
how come you were talking about a BB gun
he was talking about a BB gun because
his brothers are talking about a BB gun
you got plenty of Mentholatum on that
baby's feet all the kids have had a
cough and so we've wanted to keep
Mentholatum on their feet and i really
helped boston so we've come to the time
in this season where we need to break
out the vacuum sealed coats and I'm
praying that some of these clothes will
still fit the record button wasn't
working when I unveiled these things but
holy moley smell that do they stink and
they stink so many bad these stinks so
bad okay let's see what we've got here
so this will still fit Lincoln and I
like the this you can either be footed
or non footed so yay Lincoln has a
snowsuit see it looks like a girl flute
a little bit okay no I might say you
know what we will be able to get by it
might be a tiny bit short oh wait does
it go with this no will fit you these
will be fine for you and you are good
old school I used to sew whassamatter
okay this is not going to fit anybody
but you know what it might fit Julie's
kids Oh Tootie now just like is a huge
Tootsie for the Sun okay so we are gonna
watch this and stick this in Lincoln's
closet for next year
oh and you watch the green pants that go
with this you don't have snow pants okay
yes that was not fun let's see if
Olivia's coats fit actually your coat
did you just find this 18 months that
will fit hopefully Lincoln but
everything he's watched with everything
it's so stinky well either I mean you a
new set or foster these are not gonna
work okay that fits Boston well how do
you do - you got that you're really
great so this will be yours this year
Newland are pretty huge they're 11
Oh guys this is always such an ordeal
and it's like everything is hammered I
don't mind buying this stuff because
they use it but oh my gosh their stuff
is hammered she tore through one and
then just demolished it oh my gosh
while we trying to figure this out I'm
gonna say good night to you guys thank
you guys so much for watching if you
enjoyed any part of this video go ahead
and give it a thumbs up we'll see you
guys tomorrow bye
bye
