show me push-ups Boston no you're doing
him so much better earlier come on no
get your knees off the floor there you
go
he was doing him so good early I can't
believe you're still getting up and
going and working out every morning
those legs are looking pretty strong
Joel did you wake up with a dry pull-up
yeah it looks so open without anything
right there I really like what hey did
you fart I like your dog you put him
down oh we're gonna get rid of your
binky
I heard you coughing he's not human it's
not Zumba all right it's not sky oh hey
lucky it's not rocky you need to ask
Boston who that is
where's Olivia yeah yes that's Olivia
but where's Olivia right now yeah she's
at school are you not gonna let me get
ready oh yeah I know that's a very
honest answer he's been wanting one of
these well you can't put the whole
package on your head come here sir
no you're not gonna put yes no you're
not gonna put the whole package on your
head
do you want it on yes or no they're
trying to go show Boston
li hey come here you gotta leave dad
alone he's gotta get that vlog edited
what's in here come here
I gotta see what's in here do you know
when you got this
grandma howleen made that for you when
you were a little bitty baby at
build-a-bear up or excuse me
how cute is that outfit so you got a
little hair clip oh this is boston's
headband this says be honest which we're
working on this was look this was
Olivia's when she was a little baby Joe
where did we get that it was covered in
hair where do we get that oh it's making
me so sad that I can't remember but
Olivia had that when she was a baby and
she used to suck on this and I would
smell it when she was done it smells
like baby breath and I loved it so you
are is that okay chase okay so there's
chase and your other letters are these
the ones that we were missing or did you
just put them back in there I think you
just put it back in there Joe the focus
on this camera is horrible you want a
pocketknife that one of our viewers sent
my goodness and little miss peak or
piglet
you see glass oh yes people let's see
let me see
he says is that your sea glass that came
from Hawaii that's right
we get to play with this toy more than
anything Lincoln I want to know if you
know what color this is do you know what
color that says okay you can and we're
gonna cuddle do you know what color this
is
yeah say purple did you say Olivia it is
Olivia's favorite color okay I'll put it
in there do you know what color this one
is what oh do you know what color that
is
Kota and that is Cody's favorite color
say blue think blue blue
the Sun for you he wants me to pull
something out of his ear
there's nothing in there let me see you
have anything in there
nothing sorry guys you shall play with
your toys Oh My heck Boston lined up his
toys that he's gonna play with for quiet
time so we got a ton what happened
yesterday we were gonna have quiet time
together and we were gonna cuddle and we
were gonna have so much fun and then
what happened yeah I was kind of talking
Sasi did you see his hand there's the
captain his ship and the wait code but
I'll just call it at the paw patrol and
here's Ryan a clean car and there's a
cool toy a clean car here's the paw
patrol and then in the car Zuma guys in
there perfect so instead of being able
to play yesterday he had to go outside
and work with dad all day I said I am
NOT going to give you special attention
if you're gonna be sassy and not nice
so we're working on that aren't we we're
trying to be as nice as we can right day
I was being good so I get please visit
like you yep I told him I said I'm not
gonna work I'm not going to do emails
I'm not gonna do anything I said so I I
did I got up and I got looking for a
pillow I got up and I got my work done
this morning which is lame and boring
but I got his done so that I could spend
some time with Boston today he worked
hard yesterday with Joel so we're gonna
watch a movie together
I got a pillow so that we can lay comfy
watch a movie I'm gonna turn the
fireplace on
we are going to have a nice quiet little
afternoon together huh you'll live and
learn huh sweetie
I believe you and watch a movie I just
rip all of the light off downstairs Oh
pickle is it turn all the lights off
we're setting the scene here peeps do
you want that one off too no that one's
okay perfect
and like my dates with you Boston do you
know that you're living the life having
a tree and a drink all your toys
watching your favorite show you really
got it made my choose so good you should
try it more when you drink it and when
you're a grandpa you can get whatever
you wanted you see I'm and you don't be
so good and you get three in your mouth
your nice little kite I feel I was to
eat too many at one time and your throw
is sick
I feel so truck ish right now I've got
country music blaring on the radio I'm
washing it polishing it up making it
look nice this is the first bath of
Frank to has ever had and he cleans up
good he's a handsome little devil I like
him I really like him that's a little
ridiculous of a car cleaning kit but it
is all all of it is necessary every
little bit
I think a lot of people are wondering
Joel you're a little bit obsessed with
your truck do you think it's gonna
replace Bonnie in your life and to that
answer I say I I just saw have a comment
I don't want to comment on that I don't
want to hurt Frank's feelings I don't
want to hurt Bonnie's feelings they're
porn they're important in my life
you know and and they mean a lot you
know so that's about as much
clarification as I'll give on the topic
I just I feel like I can't talk anymore
no further comment you are like Frank
more than my firstborn
no of course not I love my firstborn do
I like Frank more than my last no Frank
doesn't talk back we can test these are
just serious questions that I feel like
people really want to know the answers
to hi this is Bonnie how are you I just
got done relating a story to Joel one of
the kids came home and relate a story to
me and I don't think I need to say which
kid it was I was on the phone with the
principal about this story was just so
inappropriate and I just feel so sad
that the kids have to deal with this
kind of stuff I just they were in tears
I was in tears like just because my
little precious little kids ears have to
hear these awful things at school and it
just makes me sad I mean it really does
like I just what's super sad is the fact
that like whatever little kid is
relaying those stories like he's being
he's yeah have we not in the best home
and that's rough that's rough yeah and
you feel bad for them because they don't
know any better
it's a rough situation kids are way more
exposed at a younger age oh yeah and my
kid was worried that they would go to
the principal's office for trying to
tell someone to stop you know cuz they
didn't want to be rude and it makes me
happy but on the other hand I'm like hey
I need to teach our kids how to like
punch but that's how I felt like I was
like or how to just ignore situations
and get away from them you just don't
okay so Joe's the better one okay you
can see who is the nice one it would
have punched no I just I just but you
don't ever want your kids walked over
either you know no you want your kids to
be able to stand their ground business
time there's no room for bullying no
room for retaliation there's just no
room for it there's no and I think
there's also it you can see that the
dynamic here cuz I'm like well there is
also a really big difference between
bullying and then defending yourself you
don't want to be a bully's target
practice because you're an easy target
it's like I want my kids to be able to
stand up for themselves but Joel was
always the nice one like people knew
Joel's school for being the nice one and
I told Joel it makes me feel extra
guilty because of a development tree I
don't think I realized that I was being
mean I thought I was being funny and as
I matured I've learned the difference
between you know humorous someone else's
expense
that's something that took me a while to
learn I think and it makes me really sad
to think about because those kids or
someone else's little boy you know a
little girl or somebody's child that's
yeah I'm cool happy coming home
devastated
yeah exactly like I was sitting
downstairs and I was having the perfect
afternoon with Boston and um my days
with my little kids a home like are my
most cherished moments in my in the
world and then for my little kids to go
to school on here naughty things it's
like it's just hard and maybe I'm being
extra emotional right now I don't know
that it's just it's hard I but they're
fine that's what you learn in you grow
but as a mom it's like oh my gosh cuz my
kids have only been in school for a
couple of years I mean there's so much
work that's gonna come again like a
school you know but anyway right I'm
done crying okay
are you though yeah I'm gonna go teach
my kids out of box take one go
don't do no chop whoa whoa my wife won't
appreciate that fancy seeing you at this
red light he stinks so bad he smells so
bad
hi thirty park
I think it's awesome oh don't drop your
shoe out the window please I will allow
you to to sleep together if oh boy here
we go again Lincoln out are you awake
I only want you to read for just a few
minutes okay goodnight I am gonna head
over to Ellie's and visit with her for a
few minutes Joel is gonna work on his
four-wheeler he actually came home and
was like I want to work on my
four-wheeler you should go visit Ellie
I'm like deal done the last kids that I
have to get in bed is Lincoln sometimes
he's the worst we'll talk to you guys
tomorrow if you liked the video give it
a thumbs up I'll see you later
bye guys
