did you do your own hair today Cody oh
my gosh you did Kody's hair today spray
so what are these called Cody oh my gosh
that is so stiff what didn't you want to
have on your head
what chicken feathers right chicken
wings you've been waiting patiently to
talk to me all morning what oh my gosh
don't tell me that's what you were gonna
say I think you're gonna say something
else cuz you said I'm mad at myself why
are you mad at yourself oh you know what
I thought you were gonna say I thought
you were gonna say that you maybe peed
in your pull-up teen Upolu which is five
no it's okay little that will that
Boston count I have to go to the dentist
first but for quiet time we're gonna cut
off so much
you really are I'm so proud of you
Hawaii duh kiss Joe and I were like do
they even appreciate this to be even
like love it and they've talked about it
ever since I doubt we'll be able to go
back this year let's just like wait what
it's not like it costs money or anything
but I'm a daddy I can be a police
officer
you know come and get mom it oh say hi
I think it I use in it but why do we
used to be Boston and it sounded and
used to be our game is that what you're
gonna say fine good job good morning
everybody
I am at everybody's favorite place the
dentist the dentist office nobody hates
this place everybody loves coming here
it's just a good time every time this is
my throne this is it right here this is
gonna be awesome
why is there a bag is that means they're
gonna do a lot of work on me gotta keep
things clean oh I just thought they were
gonna like tear into this face some
reason this morning when I got in the
shower I thought these pork dentists and
dental hygienists and stuff they just
stare down the barrel of my nose
probably not very easy but oh well
that's okay
pecially
Joe and I are getting our cleaning done
of the dentist which I dread but he's
just right next one I can hear him like
visiting with my dentist my dentist is
making fun of our healthy journey
cavities shut it is it is it because you
have elbow patches smarter I love this
shirt on you anyway I have are you
kidding me I have to tell him to brush
his teeth
yep three and okay and I have three and
a possible Rick now see we'll see when
we get it I don't care does to you what
Jill's gonna edit and offer me moral
support
even though coming to the dentist is
probably my least favorite thing in the
entire world it makes it nice because
dr. Skinner's office they're so nice
they're good like you could tell just by
the footage they were like laughing and
cutesy like they're just always really
feel like they were egging it on I I
felt like I always feel like a nuisance
when I vlog but when you're around other
people and they make you feel
comfortable that's like the best thing
in the world how come your car's cleaner
than mine I've been helping everybody
else in their yard and today is the day
that I get to working in my yard and I
kind of like the fall cleanup I love the
spring putting everything in together
I like the fall cleanup taking
everything down I just enjoy my yard
work there are birds going crazy in the
apple tree right now
look at that sweet potato thank you
all right well the front yard is edged
weeded and mowed and all of the annual
flowers are pulled up it's really fun
seeing these perennials left because
normally we never leave anything
everything's all annuals and they just
come right out and we take them all out
but these ones are you here to stay I'll
cut these down as it gets a little bit
closer to the end of the season
I told Boston he could play as long as
we were in the front yard but as soon as
we go to the back yard he knows what
chores he has to do and I love hearing
the sound of that bucket fill up with
apples good job bud you pick them all up
yep you got to pick them all up but
you're kind of in trouble have you been
talking a little bit mean yeah are you
gonna talk to me anymore nope
you're gonna pick up all the apples now
get going
ooh Algarve can you serve me good this
year we got plenty of tomatoes out of ya
and look how many are still left I got
my money's worth for sure out of those
Tomatoes
you guys are gonna fill up that top of
that garbage can with all the rest of
these apples jump up there and stomp it
down here yeah jump jump jump jump good
job okay that looks priests mashed okay
all of these apples that were underneath
the bishops we don't want them all
picked up okay
you can sit a good job cleaning the
solid idea they're all back next year
pick up all the rest of poles in the
yard and then you guys will be done
there's like three of them you want this
class you're on this club yeah come here
I'll get it I really will get to come in
feel like there's two on one that's not
very fair all right get the back yeah oh
okay
get that rest the apples picked up and
we'll be done this B needs help this B
needs help find a place to put it code
get it on your stick and take it to some
place it'll go take you to the pear tree
don't run yeah we still owe my work my
allergies are going crazy right now with
all of the dry dusty leaves dirt
everything it's just so dry my allergies
are just about taking over sorry guys so
I'm hoping I can finish getting at least
my shed cleaned up this is a disaster I
mean that's a little bit of troche as'
this is just not my usual status all
right I'm done I'm tired messing with
this my allergies are killing me I gotta
just resort to a little bit of magic
clean now and done and done
Julie you did such a good job I know I'm
such a mom but I love seeing all the
bikes laying there think it's I don't do
a ton to help in the yard but I do like
to go and pick up after the kids cuz I
know the kids bring out these little
tools so that they can help so I can at
least do that maybe I can pull C okay I
think I can I think I can and try to do
it one-handed here okay people hello I
brought this stuff to the shed it's just
a matter of knowing where to put it I
know I'm a picky person but Joel is
about five times pickier okay what am i
doing
joel is about five times pickier than I
ever thought of being so between the two
of us we have some very anal children
seriously we really do Cody did you fall
off your bike
well geez I need a bathtub here's
everything doesn't it
behold the nail box I have been
promising Olivia that I would do her
nails for so long now
and she did so good a piano that I
wanted to make sure to get these done
why did you choose black okay I really
shouldn't even show you this second hand
all right let's show them this hand oh
I'm gonna show you from a distance this
is a spider and this is the spider web I
didn't have the brush that I needed I
was using this and I really didn't have
the clothes I mean they're like this but
when you go like that it looks totes
like it's better with their cute little
Halloween nose good job I am pretty much
the strongest woman in the world yeah we
call our neighbor to help us move our
couch yeah really ticked us off by not
being here and able at our time of need
and I just thought I couldn't lift this
couch last time last time my mom had to
move it because I wasn't strong enough
anyway I was like just don't Bonnie I
was like just do it and I did it you
guys I decided that for my birthday
which is not till November I wanted a
new couch so I put this up on the
internet and sold it in a matter of just
hours and
as that was our first purchase together
yeah the first like real purchase and we
crammed those into our tiny studio
apartment we moved in here then we gave
your brother loveseat and now we're
selling that the oh yeah for the remodel
make yourself comfortable mister it's
gone huh did we move everything around
if we weren't lacking so much that would
be really nice mm-hmm yeah but we have
to utilize our space so we'll put these
back here and then get a new caps right
here I'm very excited I wanted a new
couch for my birthday
are you sure your birthday's not for a
month and a half yeah you know how many
starts earlier and earlier every year
keep some fringing on other birthdays
we're gonna say goodbye to you guys
right here when I close the block thank
you so much for watching
we'll see you guys tomorrow goodbye
