good morning this morning Lincoln came
running into mom's room because Boston
was in here watching paw patrols and the
first thing he said was chase and he
looked at me and said hey mom he goes I
see good I look great
how are you now he's like a zombie
enthralled with paw Patrol everybody
likes paw Patrol this is chase Greene
chases blue yeah chases blue buddy I
don't know who's green but you better
get it figured out he said no he said
rocky do you remember last night when we
had this whole list planned out of how I
morning was gonna go and then I just
never got out of bed we've accomplished
all of it so far all right
no and I'm far behind on the right
schedule but last night I swear I just
didn't sleep mm-hmm so I had to just lay
in bed I got up worked out kids out the
door thank you that's okay my favorite
thing is coming back from the workout
and then I'll look in on Bonnie and she
switched her from her pillow to my
pillow not otherwise that's a really
comforting thing if Bonnie and I are
arguing she doesn't but I know she's
gone to my pillow we're having a good
day are you guys zombies to the TV this
morning yes yeah did you sleep good hmm
good morning guys I wanted to show you
my skin and I don't know if anyone even
cares but I'm going to show you anyway
if I know that I'm going somewhere and I
have to get out of the shower and do my
makeup right after I have to take a warm
to cool shower so that it doesn't
irritate my skin so much I took a cool
shower and you can just see how red this
is I know it's from the rosacea I wore a
necklace yesterday it was a gold
necklace to church and I were all day
but I haven't weren't in a really really
long time and I took a nap in it I saw
you kind of like get hot and sweating it
a little and then that this morning this
is what I woke up to so if I wear a
necklace
I have to I just know that I have to
wear it for just a short period of time
are they wearing masks that is so great
you guys if you could hear me laughing
at the kids right now
I mean I'll spare you but Lincoln and
Boston bulky he's talking about hope
he's watching paw patrol at another
wearing masks Boston and Lincoln are in
there laughing and watching paw Patrol
and like my mommy heart is just so giddy
they're just being lazy laying on my bed
it's just the cutest most awesome
feeling as a mom watching your kids just
playing being happy on your bed like
they're on my bed like mom's bed is
always the most comfy bed and I remember
that when I was young it's just like oh
did you put the divider between you so
you didn't have to touch blinken raisins
and who's this who's that hey no who's
that Marshall no who's that hey cheese
sure because yesterday you we forgot to
sign it he came in to tell me this
morning that his pull-up was dry and
Eagles I'm so good at this I was like
yeah you are so good at this is that a
new hat oh he's like what what was their
tag is they're attached to cut it it
only got you a hat oh my gosh it really
is he's such a felon it actually
is very cute yours can you say thank you
he's being so shy right now you wanna
say anything in front of you I've made a
phone call of Delta as soon as I picked
up the phone
that's one when you're ready okay I'm
ready this one well you guys Boston and
I are here at the DMV know the dld the
driver's license division and we are
going to renew my driver's license at
least that's the hopes I have a feeling
that we're gonna get in there and
they're gonna say oh you need this
paperwork and I'm not gonna have it so
there's nothing that said that on my
renewal thing or they're not even open
oh my gosh you guys are they even open
okay Monday through Friday 8 a.m. to 5
p.m. the drivers live we closed today
for Columbus Day
so mad right now I wondered why the
parking lot was so empty oh yes we're
going home yes I'm so annoyed I was like
I'm gonna get up I'm gonna do my makeup
and my hair cuz I was gonna kill two
birds with one well three one look good
for you guys to look good for my
driver's license picture I mean that was
the attempt and then three because I'm
recording a separate video today for
something that you'll see later but just
not surprised I'm not surprised and
Boston has a cough I'm like sad mad I'm
waiting for a phone call from Delta I'm
not gonna say they messed up but they're
not rectifying a situation that I don't
think was either of our faults and I'm
just really annoyed playing I'm getting
it okay what we are about to do is get
the kitten set up on our computers for
what is it called you guys reflex math
I'm sure a lot of you guys have like
these online homeworks for the kids it's
almost like video games but they sit and
they do their math on these games and I
think that it it really does help the
kids with their math skills am i
interrupting you Olivia like leave me
alone good job
I mean I think this is a really good
after-school thing I don't have any
nintendo's for the kids they don't play
on my
they don't plan on iPads but this is
something that I really like that they
can do and they're pretty good at it I
feel like it's really helped them with
their math skills part of their homework
but it's also just kind of fun and even
Boston likes to watch so I'm hoping
he'll pick up a little bit from it too I
was like okay this has been a little
intense for me I feel like I'm playing
the game with her and I don't want that
guy do this one then 18-10 take good
Cody when did you learn to do Matt my
kids have not had very much homework
this year so watching him do this I'm
feeling like okay you guys have got this
Cody
good job yes what are they called
ah they're dad's favorite windows
windmills my camera's not so there we go
windmills well I was playing a game and
I got asked me why I thought that was so
cute
No
no not Kiki going so 1 2 3 4 K do it one
more time 2 3 4 perfect Louise is gonna
be so happy she's gonna I told her I
said if your songs are all good and if I
think Louise is gonna pass them off
we're gonna paint your nose black for
Halloween which is what I did mine are
like a charcoal actually don't get too
close I don't like the Hulk
this briquette Stein look like the Hulk
Boston thinks the same thing okay put
the hokey sucker back in mom's purse
broken put it back in mom's purse come
on yeah you broke it did you break it
Lincoln you broke that you throw Boston
under the bus
Boston did you break this so who's lying
you just picking a sibling what just
happened
he totally threw Boston under the bus
and then he like Oh
Boston's here knows Olivia lucky dog
can daddy have a kiss no hug hurry don't
livi a kitten no you keep telling Boston
not Lincoln Lincoln you got a share I'm
going to open this home oh you seem very
excited about that we can share it if
you liked the video give it a thumbs up
see you tomorrow guys bye
