this is kind of a crummy morning task
this morning but that light in my truck
is loose and it actually already leaks
water and I called the local dealership
and they're like yeah bring it in we'll
take care at so first thing this morning
that is my job anyway it gives me an
excuse to drive my truck so I don't care
all right buddy good job or you want to
sign that one just random yeah nope no
organization okay go for it you like
those T's for that you put the T in bus
Tong what did you dream about last night
I think that bar being a chunky was my
vision
yeah two tambourines and an ice slide
these are there with chills I wanted to
get a bar because I didn't cuz I was
waking up a big dream he was so sad to
wake up from his dream because she
wanted you to right in the car and you
fit huh yeah there was one more seat and
he's like it was so real I love those
dreams like the miner about Ken now
Lincoln come here come show me your
outfit laughs you're a fox oh my gosh I
like your outfit I'm not meeting your
hair cuz I'm gonna do a haircut later
Olivia did you brush your teeth do you
put chapstick on but you will you will
put Chester guys she's like um yes
okay then you can pick a lipstick and
put it on let me see so you have a
sweater a hoodie and a jacket are you
seriously that cold
apparently there's the courage beautiful
cute color Vienna makes me to help you
yes I really
I'll just trace the outlines ok now rub
them together up higher up on the top of
your lip hey get out of my truck you
guys like playing around back there
that's the best part of a truck bounce
jump all of you jump jump oh wow that's
quite amazing that's that's some good
flex suspension right there all right
now get out of my truck let's go are you
getting what you need we pull are you
getting what I want
we pulled over on our way up the canyon
to get the what's left of the colors we
kind of missed the colors because it was
raining so much and the winds are so
high we might not be able to really good
I'm braking
in the moment in my
well I told her we were getting ready to
go and they said you go get your ring on
because grandma's gonna want to see you
wearing it and I was happy to see that
you had your locket on because this
morning I saw your post the other day on
Instagram which I'll leave the link in
case you guys want to go follow comet
and I thought I'm gonna wear my locket
that my mom gave me a long time ago they
are wearing at all time the grass is a
little long yeah did we skip a week yeah
we skipped a week so Cody where's Boston
he knows his job where's Boston you said
he could Lincoln can you help put the
pine cones in here come here hurry
you got your cowboy boots on he's kind
of actin timid now that I brought the
camera out you come help the boys pick
up the pinecones can you put him in the
bucket yeah no he's not a very big help
do I think that the fairies painted
these trees well I know what I think and
I think that they did what do you think
I think I definitely think they are
there they got a little tired and they
left one tree right here not all the way
done but I'm sure that they'll get to
him you jump it on the Tramp can you
jump do you like that do you it's pretty
cool about grandma's Krampus she doesn't
make us take our shoes off we like that
cousin our feet don't get black you know
Olivia just fell down the stairs of the
treehouse and snagged her hand gosh ding
it makes you mad doesn't it just stings
I like the sound of the leaves on the
Tramp do you see her al we got Levi yeah
I say are you okay Olivia apparently he
doesn't care if you're okay how rude
he's like grandpa he thought he said
get your hood on you little fox perfect
did you get someone there okay move your
thumb thanks grandma but it might hurt a
little when it first goes on but it'll
feel better okay there you go and now
you can still sweep the treehouse so
they kind of were stinky huh
oh my mom brought these home from
Germany they had what escargot for
dinner and they were like hey these
shells are hard to come by we're taking
these with us see how cute that one is
yeah about you and I thought you've been
looking for those love you mom they
probably would have ruined it all oh
these are fun where your clam shells
oysters oysters oysters maybe one feel
like Gooden I know maybe
yeah Olivia likes to put her like some
of her jewelry pieces enough
how are you brushing those off
there you are
what hey boy you're trying to open the
door well I couldn't find you take your
boots off and we'll go inside you have
to take your boots off when we go inside
this is not anything new
No thank you Olivia and Grandma for
making our sandwiches we've got some
great pickles grape juice chips most
everything usually is just along the
line he'll be in in just a second honey
well because we were running out much
too good for children
you can't keep bugging them about
mariokart Boston or I'm not gonna let
you play it you just say hi hold it
tight what we call trifles will hold it
tight while grandpa does the folding now
do you know why we do it this way
because we want the field of stars
covering
to feel the stars is what covers see now
how all you see is the stars thank you
for helping me my dad is feeling a
little bit better today than he has in a
long time
but still not completely hold of me and
him are going to complete a good task
today I said dad what do you need done
in the house or around the house and we
are gonna be putting up Halloween
decorations for outside give me a log oh
that's not a Lincoln hey Joel
yeah hurry hey Joel yeah
happy hunting boo do you remember
bringing Olivia here I mean we brought
her here and she's a baby but you
remember when we brought her here and
she was old enough to know and to like
love it like she was wearing pink
mmm-hmm pink boots that was her second
one and you know what she was about your
age
oh don't scare me well where did you
guys go where'd you guys go did you beg
grandma for everything I was like yes
Cody's gonna push the button and tada oh
the ghost yeah the ghost is a little
slow come on guys we have the witch
Frankenstein in a kitty cat
hold off who's normally a winter
decoration is now Halloween the pumpkin
family Mickey and Minnie we have a mummy
and our ghost mm-hmm okay you guys can
roll down the hill one more time and
then it's time to go it's time to go
okay one more and then it's time to go
here goes Boston he's not very quick and
he's going sideways there we go Oh Oh
scary Oh okay when I left my dad's house
even with all of the excruciating pain
that he's in and all of the down spirits
you might be having right now he still
managed to send me away better than I
arrived he sent me away with three big
bags of potatoes for my potato cellar
down here which is so nice I mean even
when he's in so much pain he still just
wanted to make sure us boys have what we
need when he himself is really really
hurting right now I did
kind of fun to spend the day with him
what was that fun that is hope my god
muscle his legs are you got good looking
legs bad boy the dance party gets too
out of hand we're gonna close the vlog
here if you liked the video give it a
thumbs up subscribe
