you guys mean business you're here early
I know I know that would have a really
stunk high wind downstairs and find the
kids
okay the moment he will cough I think
I'm going to have fun this is like right
now oh my gosh you're so lucky go
downstairs and find the kids
I'm good morning so Joe and I are
heading to the airport today and Ellie
and Jared gracefully offered to take us
down there and then drive all the way
back because it's a one-way ticket that
we are buying one-way ticket you got her
bags packed leaving and we're not coming
back oh yes we are
and we're coming back in style oh you
guys want to check out the Sun coming up
over the crest right there we have
tricks I just put it in there my boobies
is it ridiculous that I wanted to match
with Joel today
well let's be honest I asked you to wear
that drew this no don't hate this dress
they had to pat my hair down like is it
just not fake and luscious like you have
to like make sure there's nothing in
them
we just got you Spokane Washington and
we are here because I need to get my man
and in-vehicle opinion and the best
place to buy a vehicle Oh
our shuttle is here and we've got about
an hour drive well how did he do to you
this thing is baby just got the keys
handed to me just give me back here we
did our video I'm really happy to be
back in town yeah we got our suburban
we'll put a link for it in the
description for you guys to see we've
grown a lot since then we're a whole
different channel then we only had
50,000 subscribers and that's crazy to
me hmm
I just started it well Joel is a little
excited for today he has spent many
hours on the phone and on the computer
picking out just what he wanted
but you look at it we'll just put you
inside oh there we go let's see it's a
oh this smell just just taking that
smell
hey Bonnie I want to introduce you to
Frank - Frank 2.0 oh my gosh it's it's
better-looking than I thought it's
better-looking than I thought I can't
it's better-looking than I thought I
honestly can't believe it like it's a
nice truck it's a midsize truck but it's
gonna be just awesome on the shuttle
right in here there was someone from
Alaska there was someone from California
and last time we came there was someone
from Florida Florida people from all
over the place come to get their cars
here Jule it's so cute no it's not cute
ideal for our situation right now I just
I just want to know are you so excited I
can't I'm so giddy right now I feel like
I owe Bonnie a very big oh well I just
kept telling him I'm like the cars fine
and the cars fine and you knew the car
was fine we just didn't want to do if we
didn't have to but like when the day
came he's like we have to
I'm on the phone order in the truck no
he already knew what he wanted before
Frankie would wet because he's just been
I want to learn for a long time and what
I was gonna do yeah it's just been
waiting so sorry they're the world's
largest Dodge and Chrysler dealership
and then the largest Chevy dealership in
the northwest oh really and he's got his
numbers here so they said last month
they sold 627 wait is that just cars or
this is just Chrysler right this is just
a Chrysler site and they sold 627
vehicles in the closest that any one
other competitor competitor came was 114
there so they do want to Saturday what
everyone else does in the full month
which is just crazy because their prices
buffalo moose
shark be an oak duck but follow are you
gonna open the door for me
thank you I think I got a seat back to
you thank you boyfriend
and if if your buns get a little bit
cool heat them up there's still free
hey my sunglasses I did pass you your
sunglasses because I knew you were gonna
need them and I'm always the my gosh the
beeps in here with the seatbelts make me
insane
I'm always his son glass cleaner that's
right you're the best son glass cleaner
I know thank you
here you go bed there's not much
cleaning these things up either they're
pretty beat each other pretty old all
right Julie you ready to drive me out of
here I think that on my behalf and on
all of our viewers I know that everyone
is so happy for you you think so yes do
you know how much crap I've gotten you
need to buy your man a truck I'm like
sisters hold your horses
Mama's gonna get him a truck don't worry
mom I'm good go ahead good-looking white
truck is that in the window oh that's us
I'm happy for you Joel we got where
we've always been a truck family though
we've um we had when we very first got
married we had a single cab read f1 it
was so cute then we upgraded cuz we we
just had to slowly upgrade and work our
way up to what we could do and what we
needed and so then we went to UM the
suicide doors f-150 and then we moved up
to a four-door f-150 and we bought that
one we thought for sure okay so let me
pause for a second there's the pink Dave
snow
everyone leaving this city has a pink
Dave Smith like license plate but when
we bought the 4-door f-150 we thought
this is gonna be our family vehicle
because we only wanted three kids and
then it was just like alright we have to
have another one and so it was like okay
we squeeze the baby up front or just
take the plunge and get up suburban so
that's what we did we got a suburban so
we are getting back to our what do I say
routes or our like hearts desires and
having a trip that's right that's right
I have a bed now it's a six-foot bed and
it never has to be made oh if it wasn't
for trucks we wouldn't have tailgates
I'm making Joe pull off into this little
town cut Wallace what was the movie that
was filmed here Dante's Peak don't cares
Brosnan a good show I love it all right
we're just gonna show you coming into
this little city this is their little
Main Street I love and Coeur d'Alene
hardware Co it's just a little bitty
town but it's so cute and the mountain
is literally right there if you're
watching Dante's Peak there is no
volcano volcano
we drove two hours and we just got to
our hotel we're gonna go in and get
checked in and then hopefully find us a
place to dinner
Jill is a little sore from working out a
little stiff from driving the Sun set
are not the Sun set but like the sky
looks pretty out there Joel found the
cutest town he looked up towns that had
cute restaurants because he wanted to
take us to a cute restaurant tonight
that was so sweet
yeah we were gonna go to five on black
and there's a cute oh oh not quite funny
yeah so we're gonna go across the street
and go to the plunk yeah this is a cute
Street Joel's smell good whatever's
going on up here yeah so we're gonna try
and cross the street here
without getting killed okay we're gonna
thank you Joe this is so fun loving okay
Jill worked out extra hard and he's so
sore I hate I hate when he does that I
hope it's good
actually I don't care if it's good I'm
just having a fun time being with you
now the concierge
I don't know probably not we looked at
the menu and we didn't really see what
we were wanting so we're gonna Mongolian
Grill be on the menu online they had
some like an ongoing growth of Brazilian
Grill okay so what should we do okay I
think that we like this menu better so
let's go ahead
area its laws definitely more low-key
you like there and paper plates and
stuff but everything is super clean you
know really and this is the funnest
little area we're just sitting looking
at into the street this is cute this is
further I like this my mouth is on fire
cuz I chose the spicy stuff but it was
so good and I honestly I kept seeing it
in all the reviews and stuff online and
I wanted to come here but I didn't know
if it would be good if Bonnie would like
it it was awesome she loved it I loved
it
five on black one two three this is the
only indoor water park in Montana
you want to go down the slide
you should go try it
oh you sissy alright you guys we are
going to call it a night we're gonna sit
down and we're gonna watch this is us
it's like our savers we love that show
and I know we're not alone everybody
loves that chef thank you guys so much
for watching this a super fun day with
Joey I'm so happy for you isn't it such
a fun day yeah it's been fun thanks for
watching I'll see you guys tomorrow bye
