I just got Lincoln dressed and he said I
want to show daddy do you wanna show
daddy do you like your new look no
you're matching onesie to your sock use
did you spill your milk boohoo yeah
boohoo you boys don't even know how
lucky you got this is the best I hate
this breakfast every day they've already
told the farm that I worked on buttery
toast dipped in milk we piss every day
hey you keep wanting to close me out and
I'm trying to teach him to code no I
asked you look look close it softly show
me to close it softly take your finger
out of your nose come and close it
softly soft soft soft so we don't hurt
fingers yes good job that's how we close
doors
did you put that giraffe together that
one goes to an elephant
okay yes but you got to figure it out I
love that he found a little corner and
is tucked away that's playing in the
corner and these little wood toys are my
favorite
are you playing with hairy hands down
with me and dad have been collecting
these each summer when we go to
Summerfest Lincoln Lincoln's be sucked
Lincoln we soft you're gonna hurt your
fingers something you're gonna have to
learn the hard way are you chasing away
mountain lions come here what come here
let me hide you
oh you want to show dad he hurt his
finger okay back to playing hey you
improvised you did it with just one -
yeah well yeah I met with one missing
yes you're totally right and you see
this turtle right here yeah if you flip
it over right there on the foot
this says Wayde when you were in my
tummy
I bought that or maybe you were just a
teeny tiny baby and I bought that and I
Oh No you were you were just a teeny
tiny baby and you're a little face when
you would nurse I thought you looked
like that little turtle so cold it
weighed it took me hours to build V are
you serious
yeah I'm so glad you got it done I hate
when I do dumb things I cut my bangs too
short
cut my bangs too short oh my gosh
I was just doing my mascara and I was
thinking about this mascara that they
sell and we call it the viewfinder on
this mascara that they sell um at my
beauty supply store and I have had this
card of renewal for my beauty license
for over a month and I kept thinking I'm
in a way and tell the end of the month
so I can remind everyone in my vlogs
that you know a fair cosmetologist you
renew every year every odd year I'm late
I am late and I guarantee in her to pay
this huge old fine because I am late on
this in the comment section I want you
to let me know if you've renewed your
license on time and if you look or if
this is the reminder for you that you're
late I only have half my mascara on
because I was so frazzled
the kids are loving seeing the traffic
and all the cars and they think that
every single car blowing up to the house
is Ellie and Jared
ten bears were eating sandwiches
they've got thirsty they went off how
many would timber
take away all drinking there's there's
left let's say there's five bears and
let's say two of them had to go get a
drink
how many would there be three whoo and
then it got pretty tender and even then
it's tender right now yeah we have a
name for you it is called just show them
don't even try to say it I think they
say it grande Road dermatitis
no Lucas Lucas you got to put the blue
in the blue right there you do that
hey you doing a good job how to find a
yellow with the yellow just it okay good
job okay you got two more bossing you
undo the green one yeah find the white
one I really huh look Boston's gonna do
one pastas gonna do one Thank You Boston
I never thought this day was gonna come
where you could help out someone else
Boston is one of my least independent
children Cody Clark what are you doing
up there
are you able to do it where you're
missing that one piece where did you
find it I made one I use for my robot
think it's it's toys and I had one of
the long things how it works is that the
same shape that you need it it's just a
different color Cody
that was very good of you to do that
let me see Cody oh my gosh you are a
Lego King a Lego master it does I'm
proud of you Ferb I really want to fight
me something that goes in there I can't
think of the phrasing well could you
have the flying one that would be sir I
honestly feel proud of him I really do
who's that is that hey hey you brought
that to us and was like hey hey huh it
was so funny that Olivia Mickey how
American go to her what that is Minnie
an American Girl dolls guitar can you
say goodbye to Olivia
come here hey good night oh you want a
rock you can finish rocking tomorrow
come say no oh no you got a leave hey
hey in here for Olivia give her hugs and
kisses good night
hey oh you want to get Hey oh he's given
hey hugs and kisses that was really nice
of you oh that's nice
I've put them on the shelf I guessed it
put him on the shelf I he's he kind of
got crazy eyes come on you should've
seen Parker Wow
okay put him down now give Olivia a hug
and a kiss good night no yeah my gosh
okay now give Olivia
you're not gonna give the boat a hug and
kiss ah he begs to differ
Oh it was not working for you okay put
it down Lincoln what you think this is
funny
yes okay now all done give Olivia hugs
and kisses good night no give Olivia
hugs and kisses oh hey no out it's an
egg but not a real egg hey we should let
you explore in here more often you
really like it in here
he's crying I didn't know you should
have a playdate in here with Lincoln and
we can show him how to cook your food
Lincoln we're gonna have a playdate in
here your rump is a little bigger than
last time you tried that do you think
you're having a playdate with sissy
don't you want cereal you look so proper
the cute Hey
you just build your milk mister why'd
you just spill your milk is that funny
to you you just spilled milk all over
the place
maybe you're laughing because that's
what you did this morning
ever we got Olivia's room cleaned up and
now she wants to sit here she got this
book from
squally from the library and it shows
you how to draw these pictures and I
know I'd read that one for the boys he
or she dragged this one for the boy
let's see let's compare them how well
they look together hey that's pretty
good Olivia let me turn this light off
so you can use your lamp she was pretty
excited to use all of her stuff kay good
night Little Miss I love you you guys we
are calling it quits for the night we
have something very special in store for
Joel tomorrow if you guys want to stick
around and find out subscribe and we'll
see you guys tomorrow bye
