Boston just came and got me and said
that Lincoln is doing something very bad
Lincoln I leave it boy how dare you not
sure no he's eating him with look at
this and look like dishes were last
night
well he ate all of this ice cream
Lincoln I just someone's like put a lock
on your freezer I'm like really how how
did you expect me to lock the freezer
I'm sure that was extra hideous but I
don't care I feel extra hideous and I
don't care would you check out this box
it's a fiddly fig see if I can rustle
this in the house here huh you guys are
sitting on my mice you are my favorite
you're such a cute little tree Wow not
really sure what should do with this
I've never had a little fig does it look
cheap does it look stupid I mean it
wasn't totally cheap but I don't want a
real tree okay I literally don't know
what to do with this thing it's that
cute there I don't even know not really
sure what I think of this outsider
you're soaking oh my gosh
so Cody was like glittery so calm I okay
staring here because he literally like
it getting wet in his culture I put my
jacket on and if you are the goodness ah
hey I have a question did anyone say
anything about your guys are shirts yes
my dad sure and it was the most wait
tomorrow you told me it was today yeah
they said you supposed to wear green
Eddie
no would say so I said tomorrow today
honey okay well they were their green
shirts a day early for Saint Patrick's
Day
someone from Ireland sent them to us a
few months ago a friend of mine
recommended getting these season tickets
to this theater to see all these
different shows and they said their boy
loves it and everything and I thought
well that's a really good idea so that
was one of aunties Christmas presents
kind of family Christmas presents was
buying it was three tickets one for me
and Bonnie every show and then one for a
kid every show once a month for the rest
of the year and it's kind of fun I'm
excited and this time it is Cody's turn
well Cody he doesn't even know this is
the first is hearing about it so the
reason that we decided to take Cody eat
is because we feel like he just needs a
little bit of our attention because like
Olivia and I we just got done doing a
mommy daughter photo shoot together
Boston is with me all day every day and
I guess five that you could use a little
attention so we're going to go to a play
and we're gonna go to dinner is that
some fun okay that is a Rondo Rondo
parents choice for dinner so you're
accompanying us that's right on our date
the craziest thing about my surgery is
these shoes used to kind of give me the
worst fit even with swollen feet they
feel like they're an inch thinner in my
feet it just calm those nerves down
everything they feel incredible to wear
right now isn't that amazing
yeah love you
doesn't love you daddy the wind was so
crazy like blew all this gunk up here
under the door I guess you know okay I
have to grab my mat from over there oh
my gosh
okay go hop in the back and I'm gonna
drive really you're fine I'm feeling no
I'm driving
Joel doesn't want me to drive but I'm
going to drive I am not anyone's
chauffeur I think the only benefit of
riding passenger is I get to stare at
you beautiful passenger passenger driver
this is all new to me we did not share
what we got each other for Christmas and
I don't plan on telling you're sharing
it with any of you it's gonna remain a
mystery you'll never know what Bonnie
got for Christmas feel like you need to
focus on driving and you were failing
your driver's exam the speed limit is
not 40 miles an hour yes it is
it's not easy bu cameraman is it chill
being the wingman sucks
at Fox 13 here on our blog get it
because normally normally somebody's on
the news but they're on that was a
skyscraper Joe was telling if that is
the tallest building in Utah and it's
tiny in New York they're like five times
that's literally for those stack four of
those stacked on top of each other our
whole state we're growing the biggest
one in the world's way bigger tell us
about the biggest tower in the world
it's made out of glass everywhere
that's right don't be throwing rocks at
that building google corrected us it's
no it's no the Wells Fargo I can't see a
thing
cheese spaghetti meatball
youth are you sure
yes I can that's a Jack O'Lantern smile
this morning Olivia was like you're not
taking your five dollars from the Tooth
Fairy just school and he wanted to keep
it in this packet and it was like in
your pocket you're fine just don't lose
it
so just posit Cody you still have your
money from the Tooth Fairy of five
dollars Cody do you realize you just
gave away the largest Tooth Fairy Hall
our family has ever seen yet knowing our
family has ever got $5.00 for the Tooth
Fairy what did you say when you gave it
to her you said here you go
so did you just say hey here's my tooth
fairy money Cody you're insane
it's true I always thought the kids
though they had for lunch it's a good
way to like get him to start talking and
I like my job relented jeans like only
milk I was like you never drink milk why
did you get milk he's like well cuz I
got milk and I got juice and you asked
your girlfriend which one she would
rather have and she said juice so he
drank the milk can you believe that
what would I mix the story up
I'm proud I'm proud I don't know what to
think right now very proud but it's
starting a little too early is five
dollars from the tooth fairy
or dogs he go this morning did we even
tell you ninth of the 230 games
I don't know we've been told you guys
the two third innings bro
$35 did he give you an extra long hug
what oh yeah what'd she say
thanks Cody you're gonna get those
sometimes guess that's all that matters
so Cody I have to know when you went to
school this morning and I said you could
have that $5 in your pocket
did you know you wanted to give it to
her that's pretty cool
we just got done with the play
cash-on-delivery
it was ridiculous and it was super funny
it was really like I was in shock the
whole time anyway
I think Cody had a good time Joel thank
you for taking Cody and I on a little
date we're gonna close the plug here
thank you guys so much for watching it's
raining if you guys couldn't tell anyway
if you haven't checked out Elya nice
clothing line the link is in the
description below for Valley Frank on
talk to you guys
