you guys probably can't really
understand what's going on but the kids
are in the basement talking to Lincoln
through the heater vent yours what what
are you talking to Olivia and Cody
Olivia what are you doing down there you
were supposed to be in bed like two
hours ago
oh wow good night what no you cannot
hold this until you wake up and get out
of the crib in the morning you are being
naughty oh no you can hold it in the
morning and I am taking that binky away
very soon lay down and go to sleep right
now good night Lincoln just came rolling
out of bed and this is what he said to
me yesterday when he woke up from his
nap he says I slept good because every
time he wakes up I you thought good
because every time it makes up I say did
you say good are you oh you look good
aren't we lucky that we found your
library bug we're gonna have to pay 20
bucks for your book and then we just
luckily found it whoa gonna be junk you
good job yes you did and did you kind of
understand the story like did you know
what you were reading I read The Cat in
the Hat to her a couple pages
yeah I recorded you with my camera
it gets really I without my Roma got
some little bus when I went in rowing
but green eggs the name has more I have
22 pages you do he has 61 I'm finally
understanding him my mom used to feel
all growing up and I remember doing this
all the time my mom would pick something
out that she thought was so cute and she
would have me put it on and my face look
like this the whole time I hated you can
put your boots on
I hate pants yeah and this is the
sweetest sweater and the cutest little
jacket and Olivia just hates it she just
hates it but you look so cute and I want
you to be happy with your outfit because
you look cute
why do you hate everything I pick out
you look so sweet Kate let's go get your
backpack Boston what does that look like
sure is snow oh the weather outside is
frightful and we're in October and it's
snowing and since we've no place to go
we're gonna chill here all day
that's snowing guys this is not ray
Dennis I don't know that I'm quite ready
for it
but if snow this time of year means
we're gonna have another killer winter
I'm game I'm game
I want three more snow days like the
kids head it's Christmas no Lincoln get
inside it's cold Howie that's cold hey
hey hey hey where are you getting ready
to go hit play in the snow well how come
your way costume in a helmet was that
what you wearing the snow oh well okay I
said you couldn't have chocolate milk
and tell you to eat your sandwich
he loves this stuff
they ain't right you're gonna give
yourself a hickey bud so a few years ago
for Christmas DS this thing's probably
was five years old now Bonnie got me
this tinker toy now I am a huge tinker
toy fan anything that's the tin toys I
really really like I just like the
old-school style of them this goes in
this will like this like that gotta wind
it did you Tootie you stink we want this
to go really slow not fast okay push
that down and it'll go
and your line to heart it's kind of hard
to line huh it's a strong spring ready
personal gain your seatbelt we did it I
miss you I'm glad you're home we are
gonna stop at Grandma's house we're
taking care of Vee says today and we
have to go down by grandma's house and
you're lookin you gonna come my kids
have to stay home Bonnie bye
I did my own hair and it looks awesome I
think it looks awesome I think I look
really good like that's that's not a bad
hairdo
there's no covering the baldness it's
it's making its way stampeding through
my forehead but that's a little bit hair
of you thanks for cutting I hear all the
time bones there well folks this is it I
am cleaning out Frank for the last time
like I've actually had to like clean him
out and I pull everything out of him
like my survival kit so what Lily got
like are just a case kits that we got
everything that was been in him like my
pink like rough up blanket you know kind
of a grunge blanket that I use for the
car there's little memories that have
come by of things that I put in there
like a knife that I kept in the glove
box
that I got for my mother-in-law of the
very first Christmas we were married the
knife that said like door side that my
brother like almost took half of his
hand off with that I've kept and it's
always been my sod knife when I'm
cutting grass and stuff like that that's
just what I keep it for just little
things little memories of Frank Frank is
gonna be going the way of the wind
he is functionable right now for me to
sell and that's what we're gonna do with
him I it's not something that I want to
keep continuing to put money into so
we're not gonna we are gonna replace
Frank but he's still gonna be somebody
else's little get around car and he'll
function just fine for them we've got
him to that point where he'll work good
enough for that what is kind of fun to
see is this survival kit Bonnie put this
together a long time ago had the toilet
paper in it had newborn diapers cuz
Olivia was a newborn that's how long ago
it was a little sakhis for her feet a
little burp rag like a little flower
flashlight oh it's on huh that's not
good
wonder how long that's been on LEDs
lasts forever I guess anyway kind of
cool stuff some MREs that my brother
gave me
some socks for Bonnie and water and
glowsticks just little things these
gloves Bonnie put in there
these are kind of a worn-out pair of
gloves I ruined these gloves when I
built Olivia's a little metal bed that
we have these are the dimensions of some
of the bolts that I used so I wrote them
on there can't have any words to write
it this is blood from my finger because
I got this so hot that when I touched it
with my finger it melted through and it
actually like cuts through my finger
completely like just melted right
through it started bleeding so there was
a little bit of blood on there these
gloves have been through a lot it's just
fun to see I don't know the little
memories the little little things I'm
gonna re put this kit back together to
go back into whatever vehicle I get so
that I still have that that's something
that's very strong in me and Bonnie's
veins is preparedness we need to be
prepared for just about anything you
know you guys didn't know this but Frank
is a gold mine that's my little ashtray
coin collection there's a lot of money
there I bet I'm I'm dying to know and me
and Bonnie are gonna gamble over this
every time we do this Bonnie and I'll
bet over how much money is there she
loses every time and winner-takes-all I
just poked myself in the eye with all
those papers today has been a task
getting our passports and our visa
application all set up so I'm Pro what's
going on here so okay I literally
thought this was Halloween decorations
but it's just saying to please use the
other door I am so threat anyway getting
all of our stuff I'm really hoping that
all the paperwork is right let's cross
our fingers if I'm needing to sent in
passports and visa applications what
should I put it in so that it doesn't
get like the buggered
kids just got home from school so they
need a snack so my neighbor yesterday
made these cookies that like that's a
half of a cookie that thing is that's a
ginormous cookie they're huge Oh granny
granny the neighbor they call her granny
she gave us those cookies but I want the
kids they have something a little bit
healthy with it so a half an apple or a
third of an apple good enough mm-hmm
let's see sidesaddle that was pretty
cool but whoo one leg behind pretty cool
Boston has a secret hiding spot and it's
just disappear did well I fixed my own
hair and it looks awesome I was feeling
so good driving up singing that song
Demi Lovato is much oh well you guys are
a sight for my eyes no really had like
that crazy of a day so yeah she got in
your pockets we only have like two pairs
knowing today here yeah yeah that's what
I was just saying maybe I wasn't
listening here it was no you guys who
focused on the pear-shaped in your
pocket no seriously though our pear tree
has produced zero fruit I think there
was look normally there all over the
floor there's not a pear on the floor if
you guys see our bird nest
at times we have actually found little
bit cool baby birds down in this song
what are you giggling at hey do you need
a push
why are you the most handsome baby that
ever lived did we take a shower yes did
you and he's the only baby we have that
will like he was pushing me out of the
way of the shower he was like you know
really really he looks like such a big
boy do you see how it's like so sunny
and blue over there and then it's like
this dark cloud surrounding us over here
another son is like peeking out over
there I have this like fascination with
clouds I really do you're so cute
sometimes I think Olivia's like so old
and big was just a little girl that
likes to play this still likes to play
puppy dinners what sorry Julie
dinner has warmed up and we're having
leftovers we're having meatloaf it's my
grandma's recipe if you guys are around
you know how awesome that is mashed
potatoes and corn those are bonding that
does not just mashed potatoes they're
like a Ranchi mashed potato they're
really good and Joe and I have decided
that we're gonna start eating on the
kids plates because we need to control
our portions a little more and by we I
mean mostly me but you know what to
start yeah
thank you guys so much for watching bye
