good morning guys I officially feel like
I've been hit by a bus a moving van
something of a large nature of that sort
last night when we got to the airport to
drive home we still had like a two-hour
drive and it was like 10:45 and I text
Bree and I said we can either come home
and you can go home really late or if
you're tired and you want to go to bed
now we'll stay at my mom's house and you
can leave in the morning when we get
there she's like yes we all just go to
bed right now and I'll see you in the
morning which I thought was so sweet of
her anyway so he came and because my
parents are at home again they're not
here and so Jo and I spent the night
here and when I woke up this morning I
after I made the bed I notice that Joel
had some Tylenol or Advil or whatever
that is and a drink for me and I thought
that was so sweet because we both woke
up feeling like Jeff and it was just so
sweet and we sat in bed just worried I'm
gonna sit up here because it's so pretty
I got that the window is it just a
pretty low view
oh there we go isn't that so beautiful
to look out so I'm going to sit in the
window sill like I did when I was young
and I'm gonna look at that beautiful
sight and I'm gonna tell you what we did
this morning we do what we do every
morning and we read through comments and
we were responding to some of them I
don't think one video goes by that
someone doesn't comment something to the
effect of we need more Joel's in this
world I wish I had a Joel what do I need
to do together Joel or Bonnie do you
even know how grateful you are to have
Joel honey I realized it a thousand
times over
he is my man and I love that boy and and
that's why I married him he treats me
better than I've ever been treated by
anyone in this entire world you look
that's not even fair I'm just gonna take
your knees out from behind a vet playin
he gives the people packages did you
miss me yeah were you sad without me we
are gonna do something fun that's a
incredible sight I love packages I feel
like I'm addicted to packages and I
can't wait to open these packages yeah
he is just telling me all the things
from the week do you love Bree how many
eyelids
Hey treats yep you just ate a treat and
when you wake up you can have this one
Oh how come you ran to mommy and not
daddy a little turn daddy but oh oh you
asked me to rock you asked me to lift
the lock up and he wants me to rock
that's what do you want something
rocking chair and broke since yeah here
on my hair if my butt ask me a right
angle mm-hmm got the Moody jitters right
so here
yeah I'm sure we should like keep it a
surprise what we're gonna be but you
guys I'm not even able to keep the kids
out of these either me or daddy I love
lamp
couldn't resist had to get it new
suburban rim and baby come here it's
kind of like okay here let me show you
how it works
nothing's on me so I'll be making like
numb hands on me or shirt the black
shirt you're gonna wear the black shirt
and the black pants underneath hey you
are the cutest little green crayon tell
Olivia Olivia but this arm when she gets
here mm-hmm you know open it for her I'm
gonna jump draw with this hat on and
show you okay that's not what I thought
you meant crayon fan hooray and Brown
fan and crayon fan how do you say crayon
how do you pronounce crayon crayon
crayon yeah I feel atrocious that you
guys have to keep looking at me I've
been in the same clothes for five days
now four days however many days four
days but anyway Joe has been down here
putting this lamp together for Olivia
he already rewired it and took that out
which I was so grateful for but it's
still so huge this is so
bigger I literally thought that this was
you know a little bigger than my hand do
you have to yep he has to rewire it did
you see what he just did folks what are
you yelling at in here put your doggy
down put your binky down
Joel pointed out earlier today that my
pants aren't inside-out can you do so
you can shower and get ready I'm sorry
guys I'm just not gonna do it today
anyway we're trying to conserve water
and soap soap is such a shortage right
now so I don't know they're so cute
I got each of the kids a sweat outfit
for conference this weekend adventure
friends go get your sweater on go get
your sweater on I don't want to destroy
your sweater so don't pull this thread
as I walk away but hmm
Weezer oh Buddy Holly this sweater is to
absolutely die for how often do you guys
make an online order and everything
actually fits you guys nothing has to be
returned I am so incredibly
I just and guess what
i- ham no read it ok um did you notice I
made your bed yes look it's a dim it has
a dimmable switch so it's bright and
then really bright we can even put a
dimmer light switch if we want in it
yeah it's a little bigger than what I
was hoping for I really wish it was like
four times smaller these are the base
really cute guys like kind of slower I'm
gonna have to stay like here oh the
video yeah now you don't have to leave
the light on all night so you can read
and then just roll over and turn it off
when you're done baby I did yeah okay
you're gonna make a grocery list for
conference weekend so what kind of
things do we want while we're watching
conference oh you know like rank
everything okay what do you wanna eat
first
Mehmood I think like mashed potatoes
definitely mashed potatoes so if
somebody was teasing you about firing
off your bicycle oh really
so a couple of people come in who's a
lot like I'm guessing like 4,000 130
yeah 12 what is he like 12 don't want
people obviously don't think it's 12 I'm
thinking more like poor even if it's
still but even if it's 12 do you know
how many people are watching this video
right now that love watching you kids
you'd be proud of what we do because I
even have to tell myself that you'd be
proud of what you do who you are to be
proud of who you are okay you're Olivia
Pauline pockets - goodness you put all
the people that don't like our videos in
the GL okay perfect
deal what's their social security number
okay to say the least we got everything
that was on our list and more yep
definitely and more it's gonna be a good
weekend you know what I'm excited for it
sitting on a boat well that too
very much so that too but this right
here
shooter those little Cracker Jack boxes
hey you give to any one of those grapes
right now right all right get anyone
else good thing
baby boy hey no more daddies that you
could have one just daddy another one
give it all that was so mean
Lincoln that was so mean I can't blame
you mom taught you that Joel where are
you Jolie yeah hey we have spent the
entire evening we went to dinner with
the kids we had some major discussions
about some things that the kids had
learned at school that we were talking
about and it was they were we had some
really tough just like comics topics and
conversations I think I cried most the
time and the kids hide and it was just I
don't know the kids were learning and
growing oh my gosh that's so cool I'm
just really proud of my kids that's all
I have to say is I'm really proud of
them and I'm proud of him because of the
absolute hard work that we put into them
and if Joel wasn't on the same page as
me we or if I wasn't on the same page
with the Joel it wouldn't
be very difficult to raise children if
you're not on the same page and I
remember my parents always saying you
marry someone that's on the same page as
you as far as the topics and the way
you're gonna raise your kids out of your
beliefs your practic how you want to
raise children discipline like all of
that kind of stuff anyway we've
thoroughly enjoyed our evening and we
want to thank you guys for being a part
of all of this and we'll talk to you
guys our next vlog bye guys
