hurry up lady you're gonna miss
breakfast that's all right yeah well
we're not stopping for another five
hours get it in gear hey buddy I didn't
know I got tickets to the circus hey you
guys are pretty quiet last night I only
heard somebody screaming this morning oh
my gosh is miracle you woke up on time
just look at this I don't eat bacon
because I don't like the taste
that's my toast with reasons with all of
the fixings for your oatmeal's
apricots and raisins all of the yogi
adds and milk Oh cereal a lot of those
are coming with just cause Belgian
waffles yeah mom everybody likes
building muscles and fruit fresh
pineapple all the way in on the mainland
fresh Chronicle fresh canned pineapple
can't beat it you just can't beat it
it's almost as if we've never seen
breakfast before I don't know what this
is
his mother's color mmm Mira chimera
chimera it's French for picture-taker oh
I expect I dream about you guys last
night not necessarily our audience but
in YouTube I dreamed that a friend
started the channel I was like awesome
awesome I'm gonna help you out with
everything but then his channel turned
evil and I was like trying to finish
everybody else's channels it was scary
it was a little different dream it
doesn't come true
what was the mission one of those for a
toast
come on I need blackboard I like a
little toast with my butter
now let me morning you have a good
breakfast right now have another one did
you eat any waffles
they excited to be in the bar all day
did you like being in the car drunk
stinks about being in the car have you
to tea in the car
freeway and the freeway will stink don't
make a freeway sting oh oh they're here
I was gonna say all right everyone grab
a hand grab the shoes okay so are you
guys Manning the truck today yeah Julian
landed they're gonna start out in the
u-haul Joel and I forget the man the
children in the pilot let me interrupt
you right there and look at the sky look
how cool I know and last night when we
came out this sunset was looking real
fine too I mean I know we're looking
through a parking lot right now but that
sunrise is gorgeous oh do you
it is red that is so so beautiful
hola Senor
see see New York I'll follow you I think
the reason that it looks so red and
tense is because well one all the clouds
look at the closet it looks like a
billowing from right there but there is
no mountains for it to peek over I wish
so bad I hope that is being conveyed
through this lens how intense and
beautiful it is holy I'm trying to keep
pointing at it and hope that everybody
enjoys it as much as I do hurry Carrie
just say yes and we'll move on we'll
just keep staring at the sunrise in the
all right this is terrible everyone's
hooked off the video now thanks a lot
all right kids it's just us three
Oh maybe we can catch her from behind
the window oh my word all right it's
just us three now nobody else is
watching the video they were sick of
seeing the Sun Rise I'm not and I never
will
what's so funny all right folks he
thought I was done with this whole
sunrise thing no look at it would you
look at it look at it the cows are
looking at it I don't care if anyone's
born the cows are looking at my video
that's right one new subscriber in the
first unsubscribe oh my gosh more
animals are looking at my video
I'm just not gonna hit stop until the
Sun is up we should report for 10 hours
straight one day oh my gosh approaches
editing alone
she's gonna end up in the sunsets of
trees yeah people would love it I would
love and my commentary the rain makes me
miss Olivia if she was here we'd be
singing our song together
listen to the rib
but I'd like to get tell me
Thank You Jade you might matter get that
boots on we love it put the training and
Utah Olivia's singing it right now
and you make me miss Olivia because yeah
look at that stinking animal you wanted
to read her boyfriend gave her back and
she's been wanting one of those for a
long time
I'll get you one we made it Twitter stop
Shoei the kids did so good
well how do you give us off I can get
you see Bowl laughs there we go he did
he slugged us first
I'm gettin tripped on a big old like
water chunk just like fell on my head no
no my head's wet guys first oil pump
I've ever seen in my life
there it is was that for real pumping
oil out of the ground
I've never seen her so I ever saw one
was coming up here for a Colorado
Rockies
we just stopped to get some lunch and
every time we pass these handy machines
and like little toy machines my kids
always want to stop and I usually always
say no and so all of those are oh I'd
like those but I don't have enough money
I just have three little quarters so I
am going to all their 50 Cent's do you
mean it was everything had to be so
expensive I don't got that kind of money
okay these are really cute those are
really cute all right we might have to
get some change just because you are so
cute and thoughtful on this road trip we
have stopped at many bathrooms and I
just I have to give a huge shout out to
the taco type in Rock Springs I have to
give a huge shout out to Rock Springs
okay I can't do this
Rock Creek in Wyoming Wyoming Taco Time
Rock Springs oh my gosh I just have to
say that their bathroom is the cleanest
bathroom that we've stopped out I walked
in and I was like oh this is so pleasant
it smells nice it looks nice like if you
guys need to go to the bathroom and
there Tex eat fries whatever Tex fries
are so good thank you
I'm gonna tell you before Joel starts
driving it gets too loud when a
stoplight I always feel safe with Joel
do you know that I always feel safe with
you
yeah I do I feel safe with you always I
have this really crazy desire to speak
Spanish I have for the last like a year
or so like it's I don't know it's like a
burning that I'm like II need alerts
check out that BAM I'm totally spaced
what my objective was when we hit Rock
Springs I was like we gotta get
fireworks we need some firecrackers cuz
she can't get them in Utah
so we're stopping to get some fireworks
and they said sir are gonna be good
oh there's a dog I'm not gonna live
what's that a little bit I heard the dog
barking and when I went inside it get
like jumped down off the desk and was
coming to over by me in it startled me a
little bit but what a nice guy he threw
in some extra stuff as I was paying he's
like here take these two deal all right
don't told me to whip the camera out he
wants me to report these tunnels coming
up I like
why am i scared that I'm not short of
health first time in my life oh we're on
the last 25 minutes stretch and I
remember coming here to this lake when I
was really little with my uncle Rex they
see that water after the long drive we
got here
and made it to Julie's place and all of
a sudden it's like oh the trailer is
halfway emptied we have a few people I
know it's we're here aren't we
or the moon yes anyway so this is gonna
go really quick which is really nice are
you kidding me I watched that whole
thing happened and it made me just sick
he was carrying that three huge boxes
when he walked in he ran straight into
the banister what you're probably sick
are you sick right now I'm actually okay
doesn't need stitches no I don't think
so
are you a thousand percent positive okay
wait why do you think that you have to
carry so much at one time why can't you
just find just one day every three days
you can move the piano huh honey I'm
sorry thanks for the ride I was a
passenger for a day bye Ruby just
dropped us off at the tracks and we are
gonna ride the tracks
we made it on the first train and now we
are going to try and go catch another
one that will take us to the airport
it's getting really late the tracks are
really slow and we don't normally take
the this type of Transportation hardly
ever it's mostly just for fun like once
a year but in this case we really needed
to anything we're gonna say good night
to you guys here because it's been a
long day how many hours have we been up
it's been 15 hours since we've grown up
and I'm pretty sure our train just left
we can hear it so
anyway just a connection I speak so much
for watching we love you guys will see
you later bye guys
