you slept super good last night least I
the windows open felt really great I'm
going to be wearing sunblock
I've actually been wearing sunblock
almost every day for a year now over
here like a year and a half now so
that's good do you lift that vacuum lady
magic begins let's don't show the
ceiling let's just show this beautiful
wall it doesn't look as bad it doesn't
look as bad this wall was not here our
very first block that we ever did we
flew to Kansas City and Joel Atlanta how
many hours a day did you work we worked
like 3 17 hour days it was pretty brutal
we have one main landing area left to
clean the way out and so my due date is
to keep the kids out here and safe and
not run off and not get in your mommy's
car Porter do you know the way can you
show me the way to your park hey Emma I
recognize that little outfit do you guys
recognize seeing Olivia in that I like
seeing you and hurled closed you know
that you kids have played here your
entire life this is the last time you're
gonna play this park can you believe it
are you gonna fall asleep or you just
squinting cuz you're like hey you're not
my mom mmm he's warming up to me let's
just say that all right we've got every
car packed to the brim are you guys
ready to be good little kids you have
your treats at least right guys ready to
roll out probably what are our code
names I don't know we'll figure it out
as we go I'm gonna be a whisky pistol
Tango Foxtrot
we're Tango Foxtrot you guys are gonna
be mother Goose you will be
I like it I like it guys yeah let's
reload so we're following them they're
so hot I literally can't believe that
we're going I can't believe that we're
bringing you out of here I have come to
take me home I know and I bawled with
Julie moved away and I think I was
crying mostly because she had a little
baby and I knew she was gonna be on her
own when Ruby moved away I remember not
not reacting that way and it was because
I was young and I didn't know how hard
it was to be a mom and not be around
family I I mean I couldn't imagine it
because I had never had kids on my own
and anyway I'm so happy you're coming
yeah of course in like the last four
years all of my sisters well all my
family but you guys been so supportive
like you you just you love me and you
and I feel that we do whatever you need
to do to make sure I know that you're
still like my sisters and you know it
you're never gonna be here they can very
good care of me every time I come out
and every yeah it's in very good sisters
okay thank you
well it's been a lot of fun it's been
fun but it's just crazy I made the kids
sing a song for a piece of licorice for
entertainment purposes and you know put
our time out yeah it drags things on a
little bit so I made them sing a song
and then I got a piece of licorice and
Julie was like um hello where's your
song so I am going to serenade all of
you
song that I sang to my grandpa breakfast
when ruthless mommy I want to hear you
sing a song
I can sing you a song
heal the world make it a better place
for you and for me here in the entire
human race there are people dying if you
care enough for the living make it a
better place for you and for me that was
Michael Jackson Michael Jackson my
Bonnie lies over the river or something
my Bonnie lies over the ocean over the
sea bring back bring back oh bring back
my Bonnie to me first stop and last stop
we're gonna get to the hotel in a few
hours and me and you are gonna what man
the big rig kick and Landon out of it
there's butterflies everywhere you guys
we've walked out here there's
butterflies and bees over this whole
entire area I will give you a dollar if
you watch my window don't fall and break
your neck because then all owe you a
dollar oh here comes Landon hey man I
bet you won't even make me give you a
doll hair okay I can seriously hear bees
in here gosh dang it I thought we had
them all out hopefully we don't crash
because the bees
we're queer oh I heard it again work
work work work work
come on boys get that window wash look
out Kate that just shows you if two
full-size men ohh
see the bees are getting them see that
anyway you see how huge this window is
because both of them don't even fill up
a portion oh my gosh that these are like
going nuts on these guys I can hear it
it's on Jill's window and these are
stinging ones they keep stinging landed
and Joel just got stung I want to train
you guys I did it no I didn't get out I
did it okay hurry hurry hurry up so this
is what it feels like to be a trekkers
wife I can't wait to get on this road
you just poop okay
open open there's only one shootout so
one stung your arm yeah how many times
just once
Landon's leg got stung like two or three
times I'm seeing so high up in my chair
over here oh dear that looks
oh my gosh that's hilarious whether it's
clear on my side you're welcome
he just came from Missouri and now we're
passing through Nebraska I'm not gonna
lie to y'all I love me
a lot fun - victory
the US
well I own this biffed it kind of nose
tips for like a sleep we made it to our
hotel we didn't drive too far today how
many hours did we drive Jilly
six it does not seem like we drove for
six hours does it to you
no I went by like very smooth back yeah
so we drove six hours today we're here
at our hotel and then we will drive ten
hours I'm not too excited I think as I
stutter I feel like the kids did really
good today do oh yeah they they were
better for me when I drove by myself
yeah good mo you guys did really good
she was telling me that she's learned
how to do a double not the entire time
we've been driving we told the kids if
you guys are good we're gonna go
swimming devastation at its finest okay
two pigeons see the eggshells on the
bottom mother pigeon who knows what
she's sitting on not really sure Big
Mama and Luigi's within walking distance
don't know no it's not or you don't know
I don't know I don't think so it doesn't
look like anything zoo can walk
your feet don't scratch my toenails yep
oh and just so everyone knows we are
gonna put our seatbelts on as soon as
this clip is over
Oh see this is my seat belt and I'm
gonna get it on and it's gonna be
perfectly safe with whatever we're doing
okay guys so we don't need to hear that
okay and if you do have something to say
about it my sister is gonna disable the
comments just so you know oh wow that is
what was unsafe kids are in the car
seats Julie we good to go take me to
Luigi's
I think you gotta adjust the light no
fine let's just tap on that it's so
washed out
not doing our my nose no helping your
mouth
don't clink your teeth on my nerve
already know open your mouth really
hurts to end up out of here no turns out
the neighboring Hotel allowed us to come
swimming so we went swimming
oh you're gonna say good night think
about it you guys if you liked the video
give it a thumbs up if you don't like it
don't give it a thumbs down
okay you guys we'll see you tomorrow bye
