it is the electric is really loud Oh
Boston what if it lands on you somewhere
Joel Joel doesn't even care he's like
yeah I know
try using a chicken one it doesn't
matter with you sweetheart we're not
leaving this room until we find it oMG I
could not believe your dad yeah go see
your teeth out real quick
oMG make it do no flesh would never in
my entire life do it he's doing rib yeah
call Cody the sissy what are you trying
to use your hand we all know I can't do
it Cody you're supposed to be my main
spider killer
next time don't be scary scared you just
kill it next time you promise hello I
don't even know him he signed up to the
plan Cody next time there's a spider you
don't be scared just kill it okay he
wants to with it raise the headset on my
head but raise the
and of my bed there are two breeds of
there are two breeds of tomatoes that
I've got to cover my zit all right all
this is really terrible every night
that's good no say ah no ah no say ah
Lincoln open your mouth last time le my
most other way can you please stop
picking your nose can you please stop
picking your nose helicopter
hello what helicopter helicopter is it
yes it is this right here is called
double slide
easy I feel like I'm more stable if it's
pointing on you you're trying to record
a train trying to catch a train oh my
gosh okay you guys I'm dreading this
video just go stare at yourself for
dinner oh you're such an idiot that's
someone tap on the little microphone oh
yeah
no not okay Boston in the viewfinder to
focus on it the actual microphone put it
down
thank you
I want to throw it right at your face
welcome to the blog I'm nurse Bonnie
welcome to the vlog I'm nurse Bonnie on
Cody's hip we put them in on cough
medicine oh my gosh this battery is
fashion beauty wellness and the isafe
full-size already with both sides
fashion beauty wellness and month so
okay just before in to get acquainted it
I'm coming and going
whoa whoa whoa come here supposed to be
laughing okay you carry him okay yeah I
was right the first time as you can see
we're getting ready to pick herb bottle
as you get as you guys can see we're
getting ready to pickle our what am I
saying Joel just tell me what to say you
this guy looks like wall-e today I have
people know you gotta jump on 3 1 2
Boston Boston 1 2 3
get Boston it's one two three and then
jump I want to answer a few questions
Boston you are not talking nice okay see
what movie this is not because it's to
date not that was Joel not mean honest
about that no your mother how are you
doing it you gotta do it okay
beautiful either beat or snatch they'll
say snatcher
Joel why does it take you 45 minutes to
do yours you don't puncture the tire
well
I pooped on my head well did you go you
farted on me add that in body fart fart
did you bathe screw over just a little
bit you're like having me
yeah being in the frames terrible no I
want to be on top of you like that
okay for real I go get close to you but
not with my face I actually just too big
that's probably less I have to can you
show me oh my gosh
yes honey you know what you're doing hey
Bonnie guess what I just closed the blog
with no pants
