good morning guys it is almost 6:00
morning we have our backs packed we're
ready to go have to find it every time
in the southwest egg white and then a
pumpkin I can't remember he likes a whip
the cream cheese group of that Joel just
dropped me off at Einsteins and so I'm
picking us up some breakfast I'm pretty
sure in there first customer but Joel
bagel got me a breakfast sandwich she
ran across the street to get gas and
then we'll be on the way to the office
the Sun is coming up over the mountain
we are just we're just getting here to
the airport and this is our shuttle the
guys laughing at it that drive was
brutal we pulled up when I was like
jacked I'm like oh I heard thanks for
waiting
Stuart yeah
excuse me sir you're holding up the line
you're holding up the line sir
and make sure to get the computers out
of your bag you don't want to hold
everybody up Joel and I are sitting at
the airport it's like the perfect
temperature we froze on the way here
right no I boiled you were frozen
I would we're just so opposite I'm
usually so hot but Amy it feels good to
just sit here and just relax I don't
know it just feels good to say thank you
nervous the both of us are like on the
border of being sick I know just a
little bit just a little bit I already
missed the kids like I feel sad not
seeing them is that so weird it's
ridiculous that you like each other I
like you even though we were like on
earth each other all night and all
morning we just stop harassing them in I
concur with you're always the victim
Joel do you see how the lens clogged
just alone
across the bridge at the camera really
any camera we made it to Julie's and I
told her so they feel like I'm being
really quiet right now we both agree
that it's son we're both very hungry we
are starving so we stopped and got some
barbecue Kansas City has a really good
barbecue and so that's what we decided
to get and Shoals on his way home right
now with the big moving trick it's a 26
foot or plus it has the card dolly
behind it driving these really narrow
Kansas City roads I feel unfamiliar but
he'll do awesome yeah he'll be fine -
Mack to figure out what I was that what
oh let's go like see the math you know
well you're amazing at that oh wow how
was it / - are you okay are you tired no
I'm just kind of a potty rib okay I'm
like your pupils are dilated are you
okay cuz your waters alone dad your guys
keep going keep going
just a little
yes you're good you're good excuse me
sir is this your track aspiring lady we
have most of the house packed into the
track I wanted to come in wait for you
if you watch my sister Joy's channel you
know that this is Cooper and Emma and
look how empty your guys's room is can
you believe it they're still working in
there yep do you think it's weird that
you're moving is that crazy
are you excited are you kind of sad you
said you was that kind of hard yeah and
you were so my gosh do you know where
you're moving to Cooper Utah
yes I think I'll Drive half the time
with you and then half the time with
uncle Joel in the trailer we'll just
take turns driving different places the
other car we're gonna strap it to the
back of the truck okay I just came to
say good night to your vice you have a
good night
promise you'll stay in your sleeping
bags for your mom okay I know okay be
extra good for your mom lay down can you
put your head can you put your head on
the pillow okay good night guys
she did five heaviest Fox in the houses
would you lift it I did I'm proud and I
just feel like nobody really really
appreciates how strong I am
oh I appreciate you appreciate you guys
did a real nice job loading that trailer
real nice my dad called me and asked how
the jolene moving company was going and
we're starting strong I'm moving my
brother last week moved Landon this week
if you want me to move you it's 867-5309
call that I'll come move you any day oh
boy well done
the big lock yeah that's what I'm known
for is a big loss no that's calm so that
okay
it sure do made it myself call bolt
cutters come it's called I can't say on
camera Landon and I have been tasked
with snacks for our 17 hour road trip so
we showed up to the local high V na√≠vi
everyone's got one in their neighborhood
I think I don't know Lee
it's I don't know if that's a Kansas
City thing or not we're here to get
snacks and good ones yeah your red ones
are menial compared to these green ones
look at these things they're like marble
shooters they're ginormous those grapes
are the size of grapes I never take a
good road trip without Matar drew Tara
oh and the yucca root as well oh yeah I
got ginger root and yeah whatever you
want whatever route you want good road
tripping I'll keep you awake you might
be making too many pin stuff yes does
this mean we're done it still feels like
there's a lot of crap in here though
yeah but seriously guys we're gonna call
it a night I have no idea how much
footage we have for today but we got a
lot done you guys got a lot done I did a
lot of supervising okay we're taking it
Landon and Julie to Utah good riddens
Kansas City no we like Chiefs yeah I
know we like him every single night on
that's what he likes that's what he
likes never been so jealous in my life
Oh get ready for those people so relax
you I don't know how to do that yeah I
know
joel is a rigid and they come believe me
Oh Julie you're a psycho with this one
why she know Julie you're a spaz I have
to tickle it to them
