good morning guys a backpack I'm looking
at Cody's homework he is the sweetest
little boy
here's his Frankenstein that's a really
good frankest and I'm right here that
says that point III don't really know
anyway hey you know I just think as
little stuff is so cute this is for you
so good a remodeling around a fireplace
yeah and I like this is a family of
three left on that row woke up with a
dry pull-up so he gets to sign off on
his pee chart I wanted to write that
what is it I don't know looks good is a
tea and he then can how come you don't
want to watch your movie yes you can
watch a movie but we gotta get your hair
done first how come you don't want to
watch a movie he is being such a pill
this morning I had break him over this
morning so she could watch and see how
we do things in the mornings because
Joel and I are leaving tomorrow we are
going to Kansas City if you guys watch
my sister's vlogs you'll know she's
moving back to Utah so flying to Kansas
City and driving the moving truck and
their vehicle back to Utah we're so
excited this isn't the trip that we need
to be early on like our vlogs too early
on that's in a couple of weeks but I
have this red shirt
can you see it they can see it's pretty
handsome you get lots of turns done
today having a great hair day I know you
are and I did it I was like Joel we're
having we we see look we are having a
great hair day does the look handsome I
feel nice see look why isn't it focusing
on your face this camera is a pile of
doodoo I think everyone used these canon
g7x is because everyone else is using
the canon g7x s we're looking for an
upgrade peep so we're looking for an
upgrade because the focus on them is
it's horrible and that's what
everybody's good until you drop at one
time and then it's crap no I don't think
so
it's gotten worse over time but it's
never been the best baby this morning
I'm here at the Chevy dealership because
we've got to get an oil change on the
suburban tire rotations everything I am
pretty adamant about getting that work
done even on Frank in his heyday and now
I still did but since I'm here I am
gonna be looking at some new trucks when
I came in this morning I thought I'd
just sit and some videos which I got one
video edited one of the videos I wanted
to edit the footage is gone and we have
already formatted the cards so the video
is just gone there's just no way to get
it and that's the most devastating
feeling as a vlog we worked hard to get
this footage to get these memories to
get this moments and then they're just
disappear and they're gone they're
they're just no longer and it kind of is
heartbreaking just a little bit and I
know it affects me and it affects Bonnie
really really bad but I am looking at
trucks look at that beauty that's a nice
looking truck I kind of have been on the
truck warpath for the last little while
looking at what I want what color what
body style what brand and there are a
million things but there's a lot of
contributing factors to what I can and
can't have price is one of them I don't
want to go crazy on price and second is
room my house is teeny Frank's little
car spot is small and I needed it a
pickup in that same spa and some of the
big trucks I just can't put there and I
don't really want to try and stuff there
I have been looking at these Colorado's
they're kind of a sweet little midsize
truck I'm not sure if I'm sold on it
entirely yet but I do like them a lot
what you want me to do it again can I
see your outfit let's put your hood on
first let's put your hat on so I can see
how sweet
cute you look in your scary hat Wow
let me see you let me see ha that's so
handsome I'm in the bathroom trying to
get my blood dried if he wants me do it
again
you're silly I like you are you drying
this mane I'm like so wet hanging about
the cold cold window open the heater
turned off it's a process he wanted to
treat you already snug treats out of my
purse
Lincoln what are you doing I had that
shower curtain open for a reason so the
cold air can reach me are you cleaning
the shower
wow you are doing so good what are you
doing yes you just Oh cuz he said cuz
cuz well thank you for cleaning up the
shower monkey see monkey do you see
that's what I do don't you can you hear
those noises outside and you think
they're monkeys do you know what I think
they are squirrels yeah they're
squirrels in the trees do you think
those are monkeys out there Shh
you think there's monkeys in the trees
ok yeah you look very concerned about
yep my gosh I can't believe how cute I
think you are gosh I'm obsessed with you
I am obsessed with you alright can I see
the pocket on your bum turn around let
me see the pocket on your outfit oh my
gosh that's the cutest little pocket
okay you keep cleaning I'm gonna keep
drying my hair okay you want more
toothpaste on your brush here's some
more toothpaste okay go ahead
does that make you happy that I Footwear
toothpaste on it okay brush your teeth
oh you want water okay go ahead that's
up push your teeth you are a stinker do
you see him scowling at me he's
concerned because I have tissue in my
nose because I have a bloody nose now
yes yeah we're not gonna show them that
though every year when the seasons
change you would turn the heater on the
heat always it makes my nose bleed
second test for the day deliver this box
to UPS and get our crap mail back all
this running around in errands and
editing and everything's making me very
thirsty third task get hydrated
why is working on the cookbook tonight
again with her family and they are gonna
be doing grapes and just in case they
don't have quite enough grapes for the
photo shoot I am picking all of mine and
sending with her so that she's got
plenty of grapes Meghan look pretty I've
been growing these grapes for five years
now and this is the biggest consist of
bushels with I've had
well this is a real bummer I didn't even
fill up one five gallon bucket with
grapes this year what are you doing
behind that tree oh that's gross least
it's behind the tree
go play Oh get your pants up but hey I'm
just sitting down to eat for the first
time today it's 3 o'clock and I have a
question for you um did you put the
grapes in the back of the suburban I
mean I guess I could get out and look
but I'm just one to know are the grapes
in the back of the cylinder oh my
goodness kay well I'm gonna be home in
like 20 minutes
well like 25 minutes I just need to be I
just need to be on the K I so 3:30 is
the latest I need to be gone and if you
can make sure to bring up some new rings
and lids just in case so we've got them
I'm sorry you have to do that Olivia is
in for piano lessons and it's 3 o'clock
I haven't even one thing today so I'm
just gonna sit here any of my little
burrito and wait for Olivia and then as
soon as she is out I almost fell down on
my lap okay as soon as she's out um I'm
gonna drop her off and then go down to
my brother's cuz we're doing grape juice
I swear if we didn't have 10 million
irons in the fire
it wouldn't be normal life here I picked
these grapes ready for Bonnie but she's
like I need them washed and ready so
they're perfectly ready for tonight so
there's no delay in any of the process
per tonight so I've got to wash these
and I have like 25 minutes to do it in
so your washing get busy washing or get
busy dying
we have to squash them to get juice then
you can drink it I don't mind them
because it is great yeah I just got to
pose and we're kind of setting up our
scene me and my mom were talking we're
trying to do this cookbook this year
with this produce none of us have good
grapes this year none of us had good
tomatoes this year peaches were sparse
it's like everything is so sparse this
year it's like oh well we'll do the best
we can it's just a little sparse the
norm or do you feel like you have a good
yeah normally you can't see any fence
but that's alright it looks good you
guys look handsome is hack handsome as
heck though the cookies I think those
are what we call chicken patties we're
gonna make some chicken some stuffing
sliced green beans
we got the lawn mowed today all of our
chores done outside and now we're just
kind of buying time till the evening
times over to tell family home evening
and then it's time for bed so we will
see you guys tomorrow if you liked the
video give it a thumbs up if you knew
that channel subscribe if you can hear
the screaming in the background
thumbs up for that - decorating I would
not say is a griffiths strong suit and
so for us but this together is I'm
thinking really impressive right I mean
I feel like it's extremely impressive
bye
see you later Ruby is sending me home
with some Pammy downs for Olivia which I
love hand-me-downs and Bo is sending us
with some walkie-talkies because we need
them for it upcoming road trip thank you
for the hand-me-down bye bye Kate
bye Bo oh sorry I'm like losing my stuff
and my arms thank you nice to have you
home good to be home
well this is the sunset that I am
driving into I'm excited to drive home
and see Joel Joel are you what are you
although you're near a psych suit what
are you eating
is that pistachio I'm not a huge
pistachio fan my mom loves pistachio
stuff look so nice that's exactly what
you used to work in junior high that's
me
I totally have to apologize to Joel
because I said I have to leave at 3:30
please have the crates ready for me and
he did but not how I needed them so I
wanted like the clusters of grapes for
pictures well he knows that Emily likes
the grapes when we actually process them
but we weren't we were like fake
processing I mean kind of not really we
just weren't doing a whole grundle of
him just enough to show for our cookbook
and I came home and every one of the
grapes was plucked off the stem I was
like and then I come to apologize and he
didn't answer
oh my god he's really mad um that's what
he says the one looks really cool it
looks it does the costume anyway I felt
so bad my mom was like you go home and
tell him that I understand what he has
to put up with I
like my bet and jealous just like when
you guys are awesome and me my dad are
angry and you're fun for a good time
anyway we are getting up early in the
morning and we are going to Kansas City
is all right so we're gonna hit the hay
and see you guys tomorrow
it's gonna be us
