hey you look like you're singing a
different tune with that teddy bear
you weren't liking him the other day and
now you're carrying him around like does
he want a drink
hey don't spill he likes it
wow you're taking really good care of
your teddy bear
good job Lincoln you were so mad at that
thing the other night and now he's your
little bestie Oh
tutors oh oh you want to give him a
drink a taste we give them hugs and
kisses all right now let's clean that up
you can get down in a minute I'm not
gonna let you run around while I'm
trying to wipe myself oh then we'll
create another mess while I'm cleaning
up this mess
although this mess was partially with us
I would say those things I thought there
is you some spilling or cried love what
do you know how many times I remember
it's spilling something and my mom not
saying one word you know scoot she just
dragged started cleaning was always a
scary moment
seeing those numbers go up I'm gonna
have to come to the pumps unless I pay
hope for $80 dang that's awesome it's so
awesome
hey baby boo come along with me today
Thursday I went over to my brother's
house and I was helping him move and my
dad was there my dad wasn't able to lift
anything anything just was quite filling
himself and I know he's got a bad back
but he was kind of taking it easy which
was good but Friday he couldn't get out
of bed he couldn't even move so me and
my brother went over it gave me blessing
try to helping him out as much as we
could but last night he went into the
emergency room because I thought it was
appendicitis
they thought it was kidney stones turns
out it was neither it was an inflamed
sciatic which he has problems with and
it's the worst I think I've ever seen
him so blinken and I are gonna go over
and be nice and quiet and sit with
grandpa for a little bit and say hi to
him if he's even away I hope he's asleep
for his own sake but it'd be nice to see
him too and wish him well I hate the
idea of my parents starting to get old I
just put down one elderly member of my
family last week Frank I can't do it
anymore this soon it's just too much you
got your socks on good boy put your
shoes back on shoes okay you put your
socks all the way on by yourself but
that's so good you're gonna take them
off before we even get to Grandma's
house I know that's a good candy you can
have that one too okay let's put it in
your pocket so you got it his grandpa
hurt and so bad mm-hmm so we came down
and my dad is got his eyes closed trying
to sleep I feel bad I feel so bad for
him I just can't even imagine how that
feels I can't even imagine how that
feels leave your treat in your pocket
were you moving too but where you
picking your nose from the big backpack
pack heck sorry well dad is among the
living right now he's been moving from
couch to couch to bed to side to side
whichever one feels better and then also
let me started cleaning so I was like
wow we better get stuff cleaned up even
faster you were quite a team yes
he started organizing the table he
walked down to the stairs and I thought
he was gonna like stretch on the
banister always start straightening the
tablecloth because that's what was
important when you have a back problem
I'm glad to see these up but this is
gonna be a brutal few days I think for
him I had no intentions of getting this
machine out today but Lincoln demanded
it he would not get out of that seat and
I thought what the heck yeah I'm gonna
take him for a little ride we're gonna
have some fun so we hope for a little
cruise huh that was so pronunciate 'add
that was very good I'm very impressed
now it's got the other kids and see if
they want to go for a little ride
Joyride
Brian are you fat a little bit hey
that's a new hairdo you got there it
looks good you look at Medusa
that's quite the interesting way to do
your hair lady seems a little ridiculous
stuff what are you giggling at get out
we basically came in to mom's house and
trashed it so Joel and I pride ourselves
on being no trace campers no oh no trace
campers and so we are going to start on
one room the whole family Oh Boston's
hurt take them out to pasture we need to
go from room to room and get every room
spotless we don't want any evidence that
we weren't even here so we're gonna have
to destroy a copy of this video
okay Nino's vamanos I never thought I
could bond so close to my father-in-law
when he's away from me could you simply
wear their robe and you are you are
close at that point very close I felt
like it was perfectly normal
they could wear mine anything I told the
kids they leave and they left they
actually did what we said bollocks oh
you hiding from me but he's scared of
mm-hmm she will not stop giggling today
everything Olivia's doing today she just
giggles this room clean before we got to
turn all the lights up and clean
we all look like yes did I stay up to do
a little laundry so at least our
underwear was clean yes it's in my bus
enjoy a makeup free weekend and it's
been wonderful
hey you got a whirl away from the chair
though he can't stay touching the chair
Ellie can bounce on this without
anything to lean on come right here and
try it Cody
that's exactly what I was talking about
do it again okay let me watch Boston
good job Boston you got one bouncing she
was gonna like break his back sir Oh yep
Joel said that he intentionally put the
trampoline away from the tree house so
the kids wouldn't be tempted to jump it
looked out the window and the kids are
just yet there goes Cody hung the tree
house to the trampoline and look at him
he is like fearless I just don't
understand
oh boy Jill and I are in here doing
dishes we kids outside playing there
just need help keeping out the illegals
what he's dead no he's alive we're
waiting on Olivia she's a little bit of
a nervous Millie so we might be waiting
quite a minute nothing a little peer
pressure from Cody can't solve
I saw her jump up earlier I don't know
why she's nervous no this girl and
there's no way box who's even gonna
think about it he's just like yeah I'm
happy down here and they just found a
bug Hulk will save Superman he said
Boston is smashing the spider with holes
the dishes are done the kitchen is clean
the kids are safe and so now we just
have to wait for Lincoln to wake up
funny comics from the day I want someone
to love me as much as Joe loves Frank as
hospice been called for Frank Aaron
Koblin said can we just take a moment
and appreciate how flippin hilarious
bonnie is moments over I like this one
it says you make me feel like a good mom
I don't know if that's a good thing or
bad thing oh I do the same thing so
you're a good mom or it's like you're so
bad I must be amazing I love this one
from Mik shiz that's literally the name
I think it says is this a baby burrito
making tutorial Deana short well when
you gotta go poo you got to go poo at
least you didn't get out in squadron
salvage yard like the lady in Colorado
that is true that is so true from Matt
Lindsey you are Canadian from Angie Frye
Lincoln is one ugly kid do you kiss your
mother with that mouth you're skipping
feet Cody you're skipping feet you
little state you just skipped your foot
1 2 3 4 5 do your foot can't cheater
cheater code 4 2 2 2 1 2 3 4 yeah no she
said she said - she said - she said -
yeah she was her choice right which
would be this but ok I'm not gonna let
you get bamboozled by your mother who's
a cheater all right let's do one more
three five three one
you just got railroaded out of there and
- how many pieces do you wish
let's do eight because I can't be done
two three four five six seven eight I
shouldn't even Cody you beat her prepare
for the beating of your life
this is bullfrog thank you
I got an odd camera you totally cheated
him you cheated it this is the slowest
game of foosball I've ever seen oh that
works
look at him play this game and like I
could watch this for hours we can't so
cut it out
hey you two time to go I'm so proud
right now I didn't even ask Olivia to
start grabbing stuff at all I just said
we got to get out get the car unloaded
and she just started grabbing the
biggest thing came in I'm so proud of
you sweetheart
but if you could hurry that'd be great
just hurry up a little bit faster sleep
you're really good at it I showed it in
a blog one time it was awesome the worst
part about being gone is coming home and
unpacking the vehicles bringing it all
over the house because I feel you just
move one mess to another that's just
what you're doing shift and Sam we
walked in the house it's 57 degrees I
turned it up and we're up to 59 now so
the kids are huddling I'm next to the
fireplace Cody you have to be extra
careful because your coat will melt to
the fireplace make sure you sit away
from it yeah yeah we have to be extra
careful everybody else is inside cuz
they're freezing it's a it's cool out
here it's like 55 degrees a little
chilly but it's a nice fall day like it
feels so good in the sunlight and
Lincoln and I just can't get enough of
this so we're outside all right but
you're gonna swing with an apple
swing swing from the tangles of my heart
oh yeah that's good stuff but we are
gonna spend the rest of our night
swinging eatin apples and enjoying the
cool crisp fall air so we will say
goodbye to you guys if you liked the
video give it a thumbs up if you're new
to the channel subscribe if you are a
subscriber double check and make sure
you're getting notifications so you
don't miss out on anything we're doing
bye guys
