we'll go in I want a trip in our
favorite rocket ship little Einstein
we're going on my ship in a favorite
rocket ship little Einstein we're going
on the ship the favorite rocket at the
letter nice in well you're not quite
close to being done but you're getting
there you're getting there Boston I'm
three more did you I was in my sister's
vlog the other day and she was borrowing
this curling iron and I don't think I've
ever had more people tweet me about
something or in the cotton Herk on that
section everyone was like what is that
curling iron so I thought I would share
the goodness with you guys this is
called a beach waver it has this little
itty-bitty thing and at first I thought
I was gonna hate it but you push a
button it curls the hair for you um at
first I thought it was gonna flip and
hang it this curling iron I was like why
is like the deal with this thing but
anytime I would go get my hair done this
is the curling iron they would use and
like I'm not a hair like I am hair so
I'm not very good at styling my own hair
like I know how to cut hair I know how
to color hair I'm not very good at
styling and this curling iron honestly
the way it curls my hair makes me look
like I know how to do hair I figured
that it was the same type of curl that
my other curling iron gave me I've used
Hot Tools my entire life I went back to
trying to use my Hot Tools I was like no
thank you
like Ellie had this curling iron and I
needed I was like I need
come and get it I can't use my hot toes
curling iron anymore anyway so for those
of you ask me I will put a link in the
description and if you guys want to
check out the curling iron are you
hiding in that corner
come here we gotta pack our bags so
we're gonna spend the night at Grandma's
yes okay so whose jammies are these on
the floor Cody okay bring over here one
night or two night and one night
pull up Jack where's our backpacks yeah
a rocket you little ants that we're
going on here t-shirts check got an
outfit for Olivia and jammies for Olivia
Lincoln's jammie shirt diapers and
whites check whoa whoa Cody and Olivia
just got home from school today is an
early out half day and I said Joel
please for the fireplace on the kids are
so cold yeah look at him cool guy um do
you know how to turn a fireplace on
already show me right this minute
doesn't look like anything's happening
look hey good job
are you not feeling so good so Cody
didn't feel good the other day lasted a
day now he feels better and I don't
think Olivia's filum too hot which so
it's kind of nice that you had half day
because now it's kind of cloudy and
rainy outside mmm cuz it was half day
it's kind of rainy outside so we're
gonna find a movie for the kids and I to
just snuggle and watch while Lincoln
takes his nap and then when Lincoln
wakes up and we're done resting we're
gonna go to Grandma's you don't feel
good do you I can see your eyes okay lay
your head down oh my god oh you guys
should have seen him trying to uh 60
seconds what are all these things alive
very entertaining and I'm watching John
try to figure out Lincoln's cryptex
Pleakley the canyon honestly looks so
beautiful looking over fog it's lightly
starting to rain the leaves are just
starting to change colors Oh drive like
a careful man okay that bridges cargo
back here tell me this is not amazing I
see a moving truck we're ready to go
move to your brother hey what kind of
truck do cows prefer moving man
good that's gold right there hi I just
need to get a dozen of the original
glazed donut whoo awesome oh sorry
nice doctor I'll just do this one thing
look at that pig of a truck we've got to
fill that truck with everything inside
and outside of house but the first thing
is a piano that's the number-one rule
any movers should know put the piano in
first Olivia just called me a unicorn
and I think she was doing it to like
offend me but I'm like thank you will
you please give everyone your unicorn
impression oh you know like a unicorn
what are you scowling at so it's not too
hot overnight you look like a little
grown boy dip it in there good job well
going on it shit we'll go in ownership
say you guys ever heard of trap music
I don't think up there sir sir yep
who's fighting in here okay Shh okay
everyone's fighting everyone's fighting
at Grandma's house no listen I'm gonna
tell you what we're gonna do Lincoln you
do not get to hold a remote that's what
he's sad about Cody you're in charge of
the Maine remote but you are going to
let Olivia choose the first game okay no
you no no no you don't get to tell her
what she's gonna choose Olivia's gonna
choose the first game you get to hold
the Maine remote you're gonna choose the
next one okay does that work okay is
everyone happy yeah Oh Cody I wish I
could help you but I have no clue what
I'm doing as far as Nintendo's go and
Cody is the saddest boy in the world I'm
sorry honey you're just trying your very
hardest okay we got a different Nintendo
game but it's not gonna be any different
because the remotes don't work Cody I'm
so sorry that the remotes aren't working
and I'm sorry I don't know how to fix
this he saw like frustrated right now
you are the cutest there's not very many
things that Cody cares about but Boston
will you please put all of grandpa's
things back to Boston I want you to put
grandpa things back okay
for one second and then you gotta put
grandpa's things back
howdy-doody
okay so put your stuff back go put
grandpa's things back all is at peace at
grandpa's house his things are put back
and the road Nintendo is working I will
forever call it a Nintendo because
that's what I grew up on it as what is
this call down on the couch downstairs
for like Oh what's wrong with this
Lincoln got a hold of this here we go
for just a second and I was trying so
hard not to fall asleep the next thing I
know the kids are screaming all that so
I was like okay let's have our nighttime
snack so you can each have a donut do
you want a donut I'm gonna help you eat
it though hey Jared I think you got
ripped off you paid for a 24-foot truck
and when we fit this in like 23 feet
yeah I would demand it I would demand it
or I would give the extra money to your
Packer this guy did you just throw that
on the floor Lincoln you're gonna sleep
with the teddy bear
just because I don't have your doggie
that is so rude okay I guess you have
nothing lay down let your teddy bear
thankfully yeah sagen he's like fine
fine I'll take it it's not quite yours
but you'll be just fine
say good night no you don't have a dog
he's like what is this you guys he's
pouting say good night
all right good night little boy Cody
chose the purple room why'd you choose
the purple room this was my room growing
up I knew that you knew it and I shared
it with Ruby and then I shared it with
Ellie I never shared it with Julie good
night
June you love sleeping at Grandma's hey
so fun huh can I hear Lincoln crying
nope Jesse well he doesn't have a choice
unless you do you see this black magic
marker you did that when you were a baby
you took a black marker and you brought
it all over
grandma's hand-stitched pillow case on
your bed he did that when he was a baby
you're not gonna do that again tonight
are ya
no you get the prettiest little room you
even have a picture of my grandma in
here and that cool ah my goodness that's
okay it's still a nice room see that
puppy up there no fun puppy lay your
head job I'm gonna wake up and go whip
Cody if I'm gonna wake up yeah we made a
compromise if you wake up in the night
time you can go get in bed with Cody
yeah I'll make him do some doesn't you
tell Cody that right now no I'll just
keep it a secret cuz he'll be a sweet Oh
tippy-toe so cold you know okay
the older kids are really excited to
have like their own rooms here and
Boston was not happy about that but if
you wake up in our sad you can go in
North Cody no KP so don't so Cody won't
know I'm in bed your hair good night
Boston love you I do not have your
doggie okay put your ink in your mouth
lay down
she likes to Lana's doggy and that's a
more firm teddy bear than his doggy you
go right to sleep I love you and last
but not least tell if you chose the
yellow room why do you like this room
you just like this one don't you you got
yourself a plethora of books for Kay and
when you're done reading him you go
right to sleep
okay aren't you gonna read first chicken
chicken chicken whose name was Chicken
Little
I thought this guy was Holly his dad
said it was really just one you want me
to keep the light on why you read okay
late night kids are asleep Joel is home
we're both frozen you need to find the
heater buttons maybe Ice T's here like
it's a tango is it weird that I really
love being at my mom's house and I feel
like we shouldn't be filming in their
house I'm like oh I'm not dizzy
can you guys we're gonna say good idea
thank you guys so much for watching we
love you guys seriously we love you guys
and we'll see you tomorrow thumbs up for
my hair
