good morning everybody Cody and I this
morning are nestled up in front of the
fireplace turning it on for the first
time this year trying to get warm yeah
where Cody had a rough night last night
he threw up a couple times middle of the
night and then he'd go back to bed and
then he throw up again go back to bed I
think you're gonna stay on from school
today it's ridiculous how much the
temperature swings already like last
night when we went to bed it was perfect
temperature having the windows open and
then we woke up this morning and it's
freezing outside I had to have like a
beanie on when I went running my gloves
on and I was still pretty cold winter is
upon us fire now look this is the
fireplace but this is hot but don't
touch
yeah we don't touch Thank You Cody just
said I like your shoes mama will you
please feel better today you'll try to
run of your business don't run my room
okay okay thank you no no not for you
Lincoln's going no today I have a date
with Boston Wade Hey
do you know that no one gets to come
with me when I get my hair done so
you're gonna be good okay do you have
your pillow and blanket Boston was
really upset that I was leaving I was
telling them last night that I was gonna
be leaving and was like what so I told
him that he could come with me I'm not
sure if I'm well I know I'm gonna regret
that decision but we'll just have to
make do
we just got Bonnie and Boston out the
door I'm gonna start and edit the vlog
Cody's feeling a little bit better but I
do not want him sending those journeys
back to school he said his head hurt
still too I'm gonna get in situated one
of the things that become obsessed with
lately is showing the kids all the shows
that I grew up with I love like that 90s
films they're kids they were awesome
like angels in the outfield still
waiting for that one to come out I don't
know why but that one's not available to
purchase or even rent right now and but
other ones like little rascals I've
gotten a hold of the home alone ones
just other movies but the one I found
for base called three ninjas we're
walking down
Street because this place is not easy to
find and I can't figure out the parking
late so I'm like alright we're parking
clear the crap down the street and we're
gonna walk okay hopefully this is even
the right place I don't even know yes
yes
okay coming through your hair after you
get your extensions out I don't think
there's anything thinner a bike trying
not to drool on the floor right now we
do it yeah can you do just one like
you're building your Legos up here you
want this nuisance behind you I don't
want him up on the top bunk how did you
get up there did he crawl up there fun
times over here Justin lunch let's go
see lunch okay
okay show me Oh
keep it moving let's go oh you fuck the
fridge
got my hair finished and Boston light
just got done with our nap in the
parking lot go ahead and sit in here and
don't you dare try and tell him that
he's too big for a stroller because he
will not have that date with me he's
been having a hard time he just felt
something on my spider crab today my
tasks have been simple I needed to get
the vlog edited my next test that I had
to do today was I have to organize this
room this room has kind of become a
little bit clustered we've been starting
to do our bottling this year and I
haven't even got it stacked on these
shelves but if you look they're very
bowed in the middle I got some steel
pieces here that we're gonna reinforce
those shelves with and I'm sure they
will be just fine afterwards
well that's sucks I may or may not have
broken a jar and glasses everywhere what
did you hear it and come right on well
that's a good boy the worst part about
this is that I spilled on the concrete
it just never is the same you know Cody
says well at least we got plenty of
other jars dad so there's a silver
lining there you got plenty of jars
I totally forgot that Ellie was coming
down here and meeting with Carl and
ginger my kids are gonna be so sad they
missed ya come yesterday
oh and Eileen your hey guys I know we
were sitting watching your videos the
other night I'm Cody was like Jim that
one time when I was like hanging out
with them at a party and we were like
best friends I'm like you guys gonna
come down soon yeah soon we're coming as
soon as our weather cools off then we'll
come here yeah they love you guys I
freakin love you guys if you want them
to calm down okay and you guys know I
love you right what happened today at
school music and then my friend she said
I can see it I can see your underwear
cuz your pants are see-through did that
embarrass you a little bit so what'd you
do after that they will bring me up here
yes
so I phone call from Olivia and I was
nervous that she was sick cuz Cody's
been sick so I thought that's what you
were calling me nope just waited some
seats your pants
I told Bonnie today that I think
Olivia's pants might be a little
see-through or wicked cute leggings but
when they're on they might be a little
see-through huh our embarrassing times
okay do you know it's funny cuz if you
laugh about it first your friends laugh
about it better I get embarrassed and I
get really really awkward but mommy when
she gets embarrassed she actually laughs
and makes it so fun someone we get
embarrassed we just laugh with everybody
okay that's a good trait to have that's
a hard one to learn though okay for real
I did not know that Ellie and Jared were
gonna be at the mall I knew that they
were going to be down this way but I
kind of spaced that it was today so I
thought it was so funny that we ran into
them great minds think alike but now
we're here at Farmington station and
we're meeting my brother because today
is his birthday I was waiting for
sure number three for the day was to get
this all cleaned up from canning so I
got scrub the pots and Olivia and
Lincoln are on Apple Duty sweet Apple
Duty never ends so you move out of this
house
good job look at you two ALP
oh yay
this is my favorite age for them to pick
up apples because they're excited about
it it's fun to them
Olivia's age hates it
patio is all the way cleaned off and
scrubbed stove is put away I only put it
there because we're gonna do more
canning later this year for the grapes
and stuff we've got a lot of our chores
done now we're getting ready for some
dinner
Cody how you feeling you feel a lot
better you feel like you're gonna be
okay for school tomorrow a little bit of
a sore throat luckily we have leftover
soups always tastes so much better the
second day anyway so we are mucking out
good night Lincoln
good night Cody boy daddy good night
Olivia we are ending our date thank you
for being my date today yeah I don't
know you guys I don't know why he's been
feeling so naughty debbie downer but a
little bit he's kind of just been really
timid really clingy to me and I just
think it's maybe a growth spurt I
thoroughly enjoyed my day with Boston we
enjoyed coming down and celebrating Mo's
birthday so happy birthday to Beau
thanks for watching and we're gonna make
our drive home now bye guys
