that's car it could battle the old car
can we just take a minute to appreciate
house sweetie you look so sweet and I
wanted to record her not for anyone
else's purposes but for just for mine
because I don't want to forget how sweet
and cute she looked in the mornings
before school and you look like a
typical little boy he refused to let me
get his hair done in his sweater is too
small
Boston your sweaters do that in hopes
that the kids don't morning baby
else better I think one of my all-time
favorite moments being a parent is
sitting on the bathroom floor watching
your babies play in the bathtub hands
down it's been one of my coolest moments
that I had as him on period bathing with
the kids when they were babies like I
can't even think about without anyone
like crying no all right let's see
what's in your ear your ears are so
nanny and baby boo that is what link in
this city I know you look at that it
Detroit what hey your is not too bad
basta what's the matter did I forget to
get boxes of cereal
I got Lincoln his cereal and I forgot to
give you your cereal I'm so sorry
that's it so y'all coming up hey joel is
going to be my cameraman and my treat
man Oh
Mentos we're going to give Lincoln a
little tribute rims they put a little
diet coke in his belly and we're gonna
give a Mentos can you look down yeah oh
here you go see right there don't move
don't move h-hi Linc
how are you buddy he knows you by name
where they all start it'll be a
professional by the time you know what
the sights have stopped growing but the
back well the sides are slowly growing
and so I'm just trying to match the back
up with the sides and I like his long
hair
can we just pay special note to his
hands they're not up in his face and not
open his hair they're dumb whoa where
they're supposed to go where's your feet
can you look down at your feet
stay right there so you don't you said
the wrong word oh my gosh oh okay that
looks so handsome
okay well still I just have one little
thing to cut off there look really
handsome oh there's that wall
it looks like a cute long-haired boy hey
I can hear Jarrod logging downstairs so
if you want to see exactly what they're
doing right now it's hilarious not also
kind of scary we're cleaning up after
lunch we just have lunch I'm cleaning
off the table and I said la I may be
making soup later I'm like do you want
to sit and watch me mix it she said no
she didn't say no she has I want to take
it now let here love you
we have Boston all set up with his Hulk
play no set so he's gonna play with that
well I make soup for dinner I am so
excited because it's a little chilly
outside it's a little chilly in the
house so we're making some soup for
dinner which I am very thrilled about
and I want to tell you guys something
that Boston said the other day why do
you wish you had a lump in your throat
he was like do you remember when I have
that lump in my throat and everybody
sent me boxes and boxes and boxes of
stuff I'm like yeah I do remember he's
like I'm gonna do that again
I want to have surgery again so people
will send me boxes I'm like with you I
think that means he likes it to unwrap
the bullion cubes and stick them in here
for me okay
don't lick them okay I don't think
you're talking to mom very nice
I think you've been talking about very
nice how do you talk nice to mom what do
you say I love mom she's a nice man she
is the best mom I want you to be happy
okay
I love your ice in your hair she likes
you we can be grateful what we get I
know I know they need
what's that tacky cut freezing it up if
you think up
and I want you to be a good boy okay
basta and I were heading up to Richmond
today to run some errands and when I got
in the car my check engine light came on
but it's kind of flickered on and off I
thought I've had bad sensors for a long
time but as I started driving further
further the car started shimmying and
stopping and go and the car was
requiring a lot more work to drive it
and it just felt really really off and I
recognized all these signs all of these
signs are that my transmission is going
and I think Frank is is giving up the
ghost this sucks so bad I've changed
your tires I've changed your oil I've
gotten you a new bumper I bought you a
new windshield I put a lot of money back
into Frank this year to get him drivable
even for the year I'm a little
disheartened right now I've been waiting
for this day for a long time for Frank
died so I can go find a decent car it's
not as joyous as I really thought it was
gonna be I thought it was gonna be
awesome but it's
it's really kind of somber a little bit
sad well Frank it's been a good ride but
I've got a nurse this car back home it
might take me two hours to get home but
my dad he taught me how to do that he
taught me how to nurse a car home when
it wasn't functioning right just watch
the temperatures watch everything see
what it'll do
I may get a hundred feet and completely
blow the car up I don't know but we'll
see I was like Olivia go look and check
him it's my favorite night who did that
have you done hers that's the longest
nail I've ever seen I'm sitting down
here with codeine I was upstairs like
getting stuff done and he comes upstairs
crying why are you crying he's got a
really big headache so he took a bath
you had a bath bomb and a few popsicles
we were just clipping his nails and just
sitting aren't we
what did you say your favorite part
about being sick was hurt it how humans
humans was very nice was a nice break
from the day yeah Joel was Achmed's I
washed my face got ready for bed and
then Joel's like funny you need to put
clothes on we need to close the flag I'm
like oh my shirt is so sour do you smell
bad I think it's your upper lip I bet
you washed your face with a dirty rag I
smell something Sarah no can you smell
it's in the air
no no bitch happened
well they felt damp when I put them on
well I have to have checked the drawer
oh my gosh these were like in the drawer
what
freak okay that was the most bizarre
thing in the world those pants were
insanely sour like the entire theme how
did they get that way and why isn't
anything else around it in my drawer
that way okay we have two items of
business we have one I've thought a lot
about our schedule take to heart that
people are not happy about it and to be
honest I don't know if I will be happy
about it okay I need to take my hair
down I just feel like a man hold on so
let me tell you what I have thought
we've lived a little with the vlogs
being delayed a couple of days I
couldn't do more than a couple of days
at least that's what I'm thinking right
now we are going on a work trip and we
will not be able to upload vlogs and so
we need to be at least five days ahead
before we go on this trip when we get
back from the trip I only want to be
delayed by one or two days so for now
we're just gonna get by until we get
back from our business trip and then
we'll stick with the two days and we'll
see how that goes
second item of business is Frank Frank's
not doing so good anymore Frank like
where you may have to be put down well
we just kind of need to come to a
decision whether are we gonna put more
into the car than it's worth and
obviously we have been in like such not
such debate but basically we've been
waiting to get Joe Lautrec and it's just
like a really weird thing to talk about
I think Joe's a little excited I think
he's like oh you see the truck word and
every night Joel's on computer looking
at trucks just just for dreams and he's
like I need to be ready I need to be
ready so that when the time comes to get
a truck I know exactly what I want where
to go get it like I've done my homework
and to be honest as much as I do my
homework and the anticipation for when
Frank started giving me fits today I did
feel a pit in my stomach just kind of
like it makes me sad that that's our
first car that we had as a family that
was your first ever car like that's a
big deal Mike puts tears in my eyes
my dad put hours into fixing it the
first time it was totaled it was totaled
again we put hours into it
I didn't put any or doesn't do her dad
did my dad did again it was he did that
for us because we just that was a lot of
money to little college kids yeah and I
don't know it's just been through a lot
my dad's put a lot of time and money
into it and that's where I feel double
guilty I'm just like this grandpa
griffiths know I need I feel like I need
a lifeline him and call him let him know
an elderly member of our family's
trouble it's bittersweet very
bittersweet congratulations if you have
made it this far into the video we know
we're rambling but sometimes we just
like to sit down and ramble to you guys
okay you're our friends and that's what
friends do I feel like you need to know
this we will see you guys tomorrow and
with maybe a little more up to date ness
thank you guys for being patient with
this whole scheduling thing and I it's
nice that we can work with you so see
you guys around
