good morning Cody did you get yourself
all ready this morning
you got your pants on shirt on
get your teeth brushed enjoy your bed
made and you did your hair look at that
you did it the Vics keeper I'm very
impressed you're putting those ears down
but they wouldn't go those baby hairs
are the hardest how did you break it so
he was swimming alright jr. and it hits
the middle bar in it Maui hook broke
look I've seen this in a show before how
to do this it was a DIY of how to fix
these hooks if you return the heart of
two feet II should fix your hook for you
for free so you just got to take the
harder to fede and you'll get a new hook
Oh we'll figure it out but I have a
large list of things that I've got to
glue back together I've got a glue her
Ferry Bridge and now he took this turtle
it kind of looks like Olivia's making
your bed for you
just doing the finishing touches
sometimes I think Boston is coddled by
Olivia you're not too little to make
your bed though you are exceptionally
helpful thank you you can't wear that
shirt anymore to school you guys wear
those shirts every single day I know but
I think we should start wearing
something different hey I brought this
down here Boston is your pull-up drive
this morning yeah what you doing
um I'm drying you and then we'll do a
check mark really good Austin Eric's
fighting where's our bodies
Oh
why I own money in my hands it makes
them gets who Eddie Boston I mean have
you helped me undo our bags and take
some clothes to the laundry and I need
you to change out of those clothes you
can't wear those again today yes you can
still wear them but just not every day
the kids are in school and Lincoln is
still in bed quietly playing so I'm
using this time wisely and I am
searching for family Halloween costumes
and I have no idea what did dad omo
rebel just for kicks don't shush me you
wanna put that in your backpack hey
let's go get some breakfast yeah those
are Cody's shoes but they don't fit
anymore so we're gonna put them in your
closet and wait till they fit you I
think someone's excited for a little
more chocolate nail pasta you want some
too
yeah
yep our grapes are almost gone you guys
will have to share left of these you
guys be careful not to spill your
chocolate milk okay that is not what I
had in mind this is Lincoln who can make
some blank paper so I can blow your nose
you not know so baby before I get ready
and put my makeup on I wanted to get in
a little closer and show you guys the
spot on my nose but it looks like after
they burned it off I had so many
comments of people saying wow I have a
similar spot from what you were
describing I think I'm gonna go into the
doctors and get it checked out too and
then I've also had a lot of people
commenting saying you know my friend has
this spot do you think it's whatever and
I'm like don't ask me like I have no
idea I think it's wise that if you're an
adult and you've never gone in and had
your skin checked that you need to go in
and get your skin checked my father and
I was like hmm maybe I shouldn't go in
and have some spots checked I think that
it's just very wise to go in to a doctor
and have them do a skin check
head-to-toe I had a lot of you guys
tweet me the other day and ask me how I
did my hair so I'm just showing you
super super fast part however you want
I had mine parted down the center last
time but I'm gonna do a side part today
I take a small piece of hair and then I
hold it with one hand I take another
small section and I twist them and I lay
the first one down and I hold the second
one I grab more hair I twist them I
twist them
and I hold the second piece of lay the
first one down and I repeat that process
the whole way down the side of my face
and it looked pings down and it is cuz
it's tight you just do this all the way
till you get to the bottom like down
here so twist it hold it up this is how
I do my hair when I do up all to the
side it's just this is what I do all the
time so once I get down to the bottom
and I have all my hair and it's all
twisted one way like this I go through
and I lift up little sections of hair
like this to puff will look up and you
can do it as puffy and as loose as you
want or you can leave it down taught to
your head and then you separate the
three pieces on the bottom and then I
braid it just like regular and sometimes
I believe the bottom out sometimes i
braid it all the way down depends when
I'm done braiding I just go through and
pull the pieces up so they're not laying
flat and you can pull them as loose or
as tight as you want and that's not
that's my hairdo last night when we were
going to bed Jill and I were laughing at
each other because when we get mad at
each other we just instantly go into
like busy mode we don't want to talk but
we have to stay busy and work and clean
and do things almost like a guilty thing
like oh yeah well look how hard I'm
working okay it any faster
Bonnie honey why can't you stay on top
of the dishes and want to give up the
laundry pile up don't go above Barney
why does it take you someone to get
ready in the morning space isn't good
Joel Joel
odorous shoes Joel why does it take you
45 minutes to buff your wheels it's
story time
I am not actually crazy enough to
scratch it Joel's tires I physically
would not let her there are certain
drive throughs that I'm not allowed to
drive the suburban into because Joel
won't let me so we were driving the
other day and Joel completely gouged the
rims of the suburban these rims are
jewels pride and joy he spends hours
cleaning and buffing them and when he
didn't manage to wash the suburban takes
45 minutes per wheel when he scratched
these I don't think I've ever seen Joel
more infuriated I didn't get mad if I've
done it he wasn't furious with me
like this is kind of like let's just
take advantage of it and do like
something funny with it before we fix it
all yeah Oh believe me he already
ordered a new wheel and it's on its way
and he's gonna send this one in to be
fixed and we'll keep it as a spare
counter bag check Olivia checked you got
your snack hey pop in the car I missed
you today
maybe you do Ramones now I've been
putting off this list of things that I
needed to get glued back together and
fixed and if you are like anybody you
have a pile like this in your home that
you've been putting off that you need to
glue back together
together the turtle is still curing I
always hook I feel a little bit bad it
left that white streak all over it
Olivia's little bridges back together
and her Bella's back together that's the
two that I was most concerned about what
are you playing with um my letter robots
where'd you get those that gave me them
did grandma get you some cool stuff yeah
these are the coolest things I think
I've ever seen grandma gift okay these
are so cool they're letters they fold
into letters but then they unfold into
little robots my mom is very
conscientious that the kids learning
stuff and so she's always concerned
about their reading she's always
concerned about their math and she finds
the coolest thing she found these
letters got them for all of the
grandkids who are Boston wait I was
little age to play with and to start
learning their letters with how cool is
that and there's even numbers in them
too thanks grandma they're like
transformers Cody just like a chapter
book behind oh yeah kind of a chapter
book she's so cute we just got a repeat
offender in our p.o box and by offender
I mean this lady sent us a package last
year and she said that she sent the
outfit that Lincoln fell and got
stitches in and she's like I sent a new
outfit and hopefully he won't fall and
get hurt in this one and I'm just dying
at how cute this package is it has these
little guys in there we're going through
and reading all of your letters and I
just want to say thank you guys for the
personal handwritten letters
I love reading your guys's comments and
your tweets and all those things but
there's just something about a
handwritten letter you know anyway thank
you guys so much please don't hurt your
stuff show them how to do it he's not
strong enough Cody
like man John I are getting ready to
head out and we have a chore for the
kids while we are gone we want all the
apples
and we're gonna check it when we get
home okay so you'll just take turns
looking after baby boy we're here in
Salt Lake at David's kitchen this place
comes highly recommended by one of my
brothers and I am bringing the other
brother here because he is moving away
from me and I feel like we just need to
take him out and have some good time
with him just couples no kids so it's
enjoyable day
I have to say I am thoroughly impressed
you told where we were we're dated swear
it day that's a good kitchen how was
your dinner did you enjoy
oh my god
like don't you even the salted caramel
cheesecake holy I love seeing the house
when all the lights are on on the
outside and out in the yard it's all
dark inside I kind of like the feeling
of turning down the house so we are
gonna close the blog here if you liked
the video give it a thumbs up and if
you're new to the channel subscribe
we'll see you guys tomorrow bye guys
