Thank You Man good morning welcome to
our Saturday morning vlog hi yep hi how
are you doing hey can we please just see
Olivia's hair that she did on her own
this morning Olivia it looks so cute
showered and washed her hair all by
herself and did her hair that's pretty
cute why you're crossing your fingers
just at CAC I didn't realize I had such
talented children I have extremely
talented children we can say Shaka
Lincoln say Shaka
who needs a puppy when you have a little
Lincoln you going on vacation bad you
got your bags packed your backpack on
your ABC letters and your balloon oh
you're displaying them very good thank
you so much
that's a lot of food it's gonna be hot
on my lap if Elly wants taco time Ellie
gets taco time but I asked for taco time
yesterday okay let's go to Ellie's like
oh my bias is you know the cutest thing
in the entire world I think you said
backpack but it's actually a pack CAC Oh
what's this I like that you can hear
stuff in there thanks for wanting us to
come over Ellie thanks for really nice
healthy lunches like no taco time
hey Jarrett I'm here for the BYO l bring
your own ladder party it's like a car
show oh my goodness those are her ears
Lincoln can you give her a hug Oh throw
it to her oh good job is her nose those
are her eyes that's her head you soft
with her do you like that doggie
watching Lincoln play with penny is the
cutest thing I think I've ever
Kalvin thanks for sharing your doggie
with us
Lincoln said earlier I want a dog thanks
baby boy thank you
kids just got yelled out so there'd be
an extra nice all right everyone take
your shoes off if your socks are dirt oh
where you guys going home Cody Olivia
coming get your shoes put away Lincoln
take your shoes off and take your socks
off we've kind of had made plans maybe
spend the night but we're so just we've
been going going going and we just
thought you know what we're cancelling
our plans we're gonna go downstairs and
we're gonna watch your movie and we're
gonna sit and some peace and quiet we're
gonna send our kids to bed at a very
good time we ourselves are gonna go to
bed at a very good time just a good
old-fashioned Saturday we are watching a
very special movie I loved this one as
little this is called the secret garden
and when I was little my grandma bought
it for me for Christmas and it came with
a locket and I wore that locket oh no I
can do this all day oh oh okay I want
you to lay all the way down who's gonna
fall asleep and when he falls asleep I
will hold your hand okay yes thank you
sweetie like wake up man go give it to
Teddy
oh go give it today dad do you like the
movie
dozen awful lot like the balloon is
holding it's all fun and games till
Bonnie smash I blame this guy
everybody's acting like such a spaz over
here
Joel and I are hanging on to any bit of
summer that has left today has been the
most the most chilly day but turned cold
overnight oh yeah we woke up and it was
freezing I'm in a sweater yesterday I
was in a sundress we put the kids down
and made sure they were asleep and then
we got a babysitter and we came to a
place called la no nays and we're just
having a nice dinner outside it's a
little cold but we're doing the who's
warm isn't that little restaurant behind
me so cute
this was the funnest place to come we
were freezing
seriously we were like let's get out of
here I didn't think it was that bad but
it's like okay we're done with summer
okay jaywalking and run date night ends
on the porch for you guys anyway and it
wouldn't be date night if we didn't go
grocery shopping some pepper or
something um good night you guys we'll
see you tomorrow
hi guys
