ladies and gentlemen the party chart is
not even finished and made yet it is
only in the works and Boston woke up
with a dry pull up Boston how do you
feel about that and what are you wanting
I tell the kids they can always get a
prize we kind of started this and I
don't think Boston was quite ready a
little bit of either one let's eat the
chiller so if Boston can fill all of his
boxes in the morning or dry pull up
we're gonna buy you the seed but Charlie
we're gonna buy you the seed but you're
like you did it guys you woke up with a
dry pull-up how do you feel about that
yeah I didn't even hear him I guess it
was cranks to musical party and Olivia
was like come on Boston I'll take you
Olivia roads are failing yes since my
parents are terrible at being parents I
will take charge so Olivia why don't you
do the honors of making the first X done
thank you for aiding in the dry pull-up
can you tell Olivia thank you I'd like
to thank everybody who can help me with
this so see how you just got one he
seems to get every single one of them
and as soon as you have all the boxes
I'll take you one when like everyone and
more than 100 101 and when I win I win I
win I win that's right good job coach
we're all doing this together are you up
for the challenge let's do this yes
tomorrow you can check it off if your
pull-up is try oh okay I don't think my
baby can be fit in one screen who's that
Mommy sure is mommy huh look that's the
old kitchen but that's the old house
seeing myself pregnant white cabinet you
know okay come on Lady well it's dead so
that's all I care about
Oh daddy daddy I want to ask her a few
questions that you guys have been having
and one of them
what foundation have I been wearing for
a very long time i've been using the
l'oreal true match and le kind of has me
on this pier you add it into your
foundation today so I've been using
these two together but mostly it's
L'Oreal True Match yes and that looks
like a good smile
what does it say I don't know you tell
me looks like it says from Boston Keene
Boston yeah I got it from Kate's for
Boston yeah so so plus are what it says
to cadence from Boston they use two
different products to bronze and contour
I just mix them together this is the
hoola bronzer by benefit and this is
sculpt powder by Mac she would not like
it coming messed up she is gonna like it
if you practice it on and try it again
edit promise she's gonna love it
just throw it away and the other day I
had many questions about my eyebrows
people were like are you feeling yours I
thought you had a mic related did it not
go well so I'm gonna just put it in and
let you take a look at them I had my
eyebrows done thinner than what I would
normally do when I had makeup on I
wanted them to be thin and subtle or
when I don't wear makeup because I had
zero eyebrows before so this is micro
bladed eyebrows right here when I do a
full face of makeup I always fill in my
brows just to make them just a little
you're bigger if you will
here's your balloon he went all the way
downstairs to give me his pack cats so
there's a spider blue box - can you help
him find this balloon so yes I love my
eyebrow the way they are but I do like
to fill them in a little when I do a
full face of makeup yes get your letters
put in your backpack how do you say it
what is this I can't even like we
iterate that good job got me to put it
on your back
happy Earth Day is hooky happy Earth Day
this bookie had fewer they dared it'll
be like a beard he likes to take his
Iron Man and make only hope eyes and
only pokey mouth beard oh and a goatee a
beer sounds like a crime scene in here
you think nobody wants it seems like no
shaky idea
you can put that one there find another
one
do you have another one to go in two and
one no here put that one here find me
another one to go in the other ones can
you find me another one to go in
Hanuman's no not those ones those ones
look go in their houses that's the
problem with me playing with him as I
just want to control him I just want to
tell him how to play I'm like no these
go here and these go where they go hey
where's the fire house or the police
house is that the place house boring
where's the school house I don't think
that's the school house is it ah that is
the school house okay kids are home from
school and we have a presence to hurry
in wrath we have kids to get dress and
food to put away do you have over an
hour drive before we get to Cadence's
birthday party so we've got some work to
do busted bacon let's get dressed
okay every get your shoes on Olivia all
day ready yeah okay goes down by the
door I'll be like oh my gosh that makes
me feel like the happiest person in the
entire you kiss me can I have a piece of
tape please
yeah I'm going under like okay another
piece I'm your Spanish I'm watching this
I am such not a good I am totally
watching this okay it didn't turn out
too bad okay take me Mom yeah you're
getting a bit faster faster
okay now go put the tape in the scissors
away literally every time you drive out
over this valley it's just the most
gorgeous thing I've ever seen look at
that ray of light
I need to know how far you can zoom out
over here because I need everybody to
see what I'm seeing right now
me coming in hitting coming in hot this
is war sit down
go here give you a walkie go apparently
we switch sides that is over an enemy
territory for a while there goes another
nephew this awesome time
you ready go in their building we need
that building just go just go your goal
is to get in there hold it down over
there he got driving that you're out
we're sitting ducks we're sitting ducks
here guys
I feel old you'll be picking out my own
kin but this is war you got me you got
me Olivia
still in the tower holdin it down
good job
hey sir you're out oh hey happy birthday
thank you you're welcome blue teeth well
the birthday party was excessed thank
you guys so much for watching we'll see
you guys tomorrow bye
