can you believe we finally found them
I'm Boston what are you gonna get for
your new thing for your paw patrol I'm
gonna get this secret roller and get
another one
I didn't pick up though why every select
you know who your robot looks like Cody
Wally no looks like Johnny Five call me
Johnny five Johnny I know you think I
don't know what you're doing behind that
closed door but I do yeah I know it's in
your mouth yesterday was an exhausting
day today I have places to go people to
please I gotta do something with this
I'm ready for the day now and the only
thing I need is my finishing touches
which is jewelry and I just need you
guys to sit down and get ready because
I'm about to blow your mind
today's video is sponsored by rocksbox
they are a jewelry membership service I
have their information in the
description below if you click on their
link you'll get the first month for free
and now I want to show you exactly like
what it is each month your membership is
$21 you get a box with three pieces of
jewelry in it and a return shipping
label you can send those pieces back as
many times as you want through the month
if you don't love them or if you just
want to try a whole bunch of
for once if you like the jewelry you can
use that $21 that you spent on the
membership towards buying the jewelry if
you want to keep it when I'm ready to
exchange these I'll put them back in the
box back in the envelope and use the
free return shipping label and get a new
package I was pleasantly surprised with
the quality of the jewelry that they
send they send items from popular
jewelry designers the ones that you can
find in like Nordstrom and you're
welcome this is such a genius idea if
you guys want to try it out and get your
first box for free click the link in the
description I'll have all the
information in there can you put that in
the laundry room don't drop them to
watch the step oh my gosh Olivia's
closet
it amazes me how dirty things get so
fast I cannot believe that I spend
basically my entire life just cleaning
up after living we live and I clean we
live and I clean that's the story of my
life and spending my life chasing after
you getting in my purse every single day
what are you trying to get okay you
trying to get gum Lincoln look at mommy
that's naughty Hey look he doesn't even
care it's like he just doesn't even get
his little fingers work and I know you
guys are probably thinking well if you'd
stop laughing at him he'd stop doing it
no it doesn't matter he's gonna do it no
matter what
good thing you're such a good helper are
you make good helper yeah should we get
this all clean the underside of the
glass table gets so dirty
one two hey I told Bostock no he's
counting he could hear us
it just put Lincoln down for now I told
Boston he can choose one bath bomb for
that day this is very hard for me to
share with you mommy really wants that
one but I will let you have it this is
gonna make you look beautiful you just
have to relax and hold still okay and
you just gotta trust me
my favorite part of the haircut is
trimming the eyebrows can you guys feel
the raindrops can you feel those no in
case you guys didn't know Grayson
doesn't live with us he's just visiting
us were you trying to tell him he
couldn't pretend to be 20 okay you can
be 20 if you want to be 20 what's your
new name usually be Cody and 20 years
old kay
jasmine twelve years old let's see it
jasmine Helene twelve years old let's
see it
that was amazing
good job oh my gosh I was telling Joel I
think we have worked more in the last
couple of days than I can even one was
less time we worked as hard I swear we
had so much going on anyway we are on
our way to speak at a Utah youtubers
group meeting thing I spoke at CVX live
and they asked me to come and speak at
this thing on the same topic so just how
to approach work with and what is it
like how what I was thinking on how to
find find approach I thought approaches
in there
what are you looking at how to find
pitch and work with brands now we're
going to introduce body um hi I don't
like doing this kind of stuff fine I
like that it's a small group didn't even
hear me is this working
whoo Bonnie you did so good it's so good
I like when Bonnie gets up there and
talks and I'm like yeah she does know
what she's doing but then when you get
talking this was like it just closed
tonight was so fun I thought it was
really nice that they asked me to do
this I thought it was really cool I'm
gonna put the camera right in here oh
that's better
okay I know that we've had a lot going
on personally wise I feel like I want to
say thank you to you guys for your well
wishes for Ellie I want to say thank you
for your well wishes for me on my
pre-cancer spot you can't really I want
to like get up close and show you guys I
know I'm going cross-eyed you can kind
of see the circle on my nose okay that
was probably really disgusting and ugly
and I'm sorry but whatever okay thank
you guys for watching see you tomorrow
