good morning you guys ain't throwing on
yesterday's clothes because I have a
dermatologist appointment this morning
and it is very very early and I need to
be ready for the day later but I don't
have time to get ready this morning so
I'm going in for my dermatology
appointment and then when I get home I
will take off my clothes from yesterday
take a shower and get ready I just hoped
her a round of like a million questions
and I get this like lump in my throat
even just talking to like the assistant
I'm like so I've had this spot on my
nose for I would say many years it
worries me because my dad just has yeah
little yes I would take a shower give it
nice and soft and then very carefully I
would scratch it all the way and then it
would stick on for a while now it's
becoming more like tough okay and I
can't grab this on right here yeah yeah
so that one's a pre-cancer one in five
of those changed to skin cancer
we never know which one in five will
change so we treat them all the same how
we treat mists of local nitrogen you
ever have like a wart frozen yeah the
same concept but we don't have to freeze
it as much as we do get the wort has
this spot and tender just scaly it's
tender just like some kids are removed
and this is exactly what it was before
and I just like like I said when I was
young I did not take care of my skin and
I'm just a little worried that
I don't know I just I'm hoping that I
don't have like ten I know it's not that
big a deal I feel silly for crank it's
like it's just but I mean it is
important right we have two options the
first one is what I would recommend
which is just freezing alpha liquid
nitrogen and see if it goes away and it
should and give it up to two months
usually it goes away in two to four
weeks but if it doesn't go away that I
want to see you back any other option if
you are just scared to death and you're
like I just want it gone no offense at
Budds and wants the most secure way is
that we do a biopsy on it no but we do a
little pinch of numbing medicine shave
it off looking at you're like oh yeah
it's definitely just pretty cancer yeah
that's what it looks like can we be full
of yes but that's why we say we freeze
it we treat it like I walked in and I
saw nothing because I was covered and
works when I was young because they're
moving about not wanting to get a flu
shot I'm not gonna sugarcoat it it feels
like a needle going into your arm okay
done much to do the trick I really shot
knock it off it's gonna hurt yes and I'm
like oh my gosh guess what it's gonna
hurt when the needle goes in and then
when you're done it'll feel a lot better
do you want me to grab you any samples
of moisturizers that over-the-counter II
appreciate you don't want any no I'm
good okay anything you can put them in
your purse okay
so it was exactly what I was thinking
that it would be she said that it is
precancerous she had to freeze it off if
it goes away then great she'll just want
to keep chuckle on me if it doesn't go
away then she'll have to scrape out like
dig down scrape it out and send it in
for a biopsy but she thinks it might go
away right now or now yeah she said that
she'll see she's like we'll see what it
does this is exactly what my dad had on
the top of his head my dad always said
he's like I've always had this dry spot
upon my forehead he's like I scratch it
off but then it got to the point where
you couldn't scratch it off because it
was more attached it like grew deeper
and my dad we didn't let anybody else
really not that we didn't let anyone
know but it was just not something that
we wanted to like put on a thumbnail and
be like hey whatever has cancer so it
was sad though my dad it was worrisome
so what they did was act with my dad
they scraped it out so with my dad they
skipped this step because they didn't
you catch it it was yeah it was too late
it had already grown and so they scraped
out my dad's and it healed they did a
biopsy and it was cancer but when it
healed it healed well and so that
portion of the cancer on his skin was
gone now and so he doesn't have cancer
on his skin anymore right now and so
they're just monitoring him closely but
mine is just that early stage before
they have to go in and like scrape it
out and people probably don't think oh
that's probably nothing or oh I can
always get that removed later on or
whatnot but really we have friends that
have passed away from it well my friend
had a wart some good friends there
sister how to work and it was melanoma
and when they finally caught it was
stage wait really and she did talk to me
about my rosacea and a few things that
we can do it there so good so heavy day
of the dermatology no I don't know it's
fine I mean well Bonnie really is very
partial to her skin not like what my
skin has to look good but it worries her
because her family has such high risk of
things and it really is a worry to her I
just heard the door shut and I know what
that means you get out of here hey
Boston gave that to mommy
yes he was giving in here or gum that's
a baby
okay see ice he doesn't know what to do
not cause he wants to Stephen sub Snivy
offender he says eyes I close my eyes he
says boo and I open them and he laughs
kind of hard to capture though cuz he
got distracted by the camera FINA
concerns me is that once you start
having stuff like this on your face or
on your body parts usually other stuff
continues to come so I just don't know
what the head is all I worried that I'll
just have lots of stuff that I'll have
to be doing and the thing that really
concerns me is that I'm finding this at
30 my dad found his at 60 I'm having
issues 30 years before my dad like
that's a long time what what are you
doing out here
well okay Jules on your mowing the lawn
and I was like you get out of there and
you just be with dad just be outside
being the fresh air and you are just
laying on the floor does dad need any
help no paint laying down in the garage
well I shouldn't tell him this laying
down in the garage is so disgusting but
hey you know what if you're okay with
that you just enjoy your childhood and
you lay on the floor no I want you to
get some fresh air and all that jazz
have you been playing on this John show
me your moves walk do it
good job
why'd you have more moves than that are
you okay are you okay are you okay
did you flew under this avert are you
okay you went under the suburban are you
okay
Boston do you want to come in and take a
nap you just want to lay in here are you
tired okay oh I see what's going on I
see what's going on he's pouting I was
thinking in my mind is he tired is he
okay no he's pouting he's fine
as you guys can see we're getting ready
to bottle our pickles this is a 10-day
process we are on day tenth pickles
grandma Griffis cousin started those
don't look like pickles well they're
baby cucumbers that we have to do it
outside this is the first time I brought
him in and prepping these jars because
we have our photographer coming over
today and she's going to be taking
pictures for our I feel so grateful for
Brie she's out there with the kids days
like today I did a brand deal this
morning that I didn't record obviously
for you guys I'm getting ready for a
photo shoot so I've got to have my house
like perfect and my doctor appointment
and just kind of everything wanting to
support Ellie right now and there's just
like a lot going on and on days like
today where I can't keep my cool very
easy I'm really grateful to have Brie
we've got our photographer here taking
some good pictures of the grapes and all
the kids are out here playing on the
swing set and the Sun is starting to set
outside which means it is time to go the
apples taste like apples you know what
the snozzberries taste like snozzberries
we just wrapped up with our photo
session Chandi is one of my favorite
people probably in this world I love her
and now that we like staged our
processing now we're actually going to
be doing the work I feel like I've
regained my composure from earlier today
was a very up-and-down day but I am
feeling a lot better thank you guys so
much for watching give the video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it I will see
you guys tomorrow I the kids are trying
these pickles that I grew up on we had
these like anytime we had a Sunday
dinner we have a plate of these pickles
what do you think I'm behind him he's
eating them
they're good my mom to me so proud
they're nice and crunchy not soggy I
we got good
