welcome to the vlog I'm nurse Bonnie
today my patient is Cody and the chief
complaint today is warts the supplies
today that I'm going to need is the
prescription a fingernail file a flat
part of a toothbrush and duct tape
we started this procedure a long time
ago we went into the doctor and instead
of burning off warts like they did when
I was young they had this treatment and
the first part of the procedure is to
put this cream on his hip on Connie's
hip we put in the medicine for a week
straight and it bubbled up and it got
really really sort once the blister is
gone then we do this other part of the
myth and I'm not even sure it seems a
really really intense but they say you
have to file down the wart
I'm not excited to do that I'm a little
anxious so if you don't want to see that
part you're gonna want to skip I will be
throwing this away and we are to heat up
types of particles don't go everywhere
I'm thinking it's not gonna hurt you
just let me know if it does hurt okay
files award to be honest you don't
really know oh but it's like flaking off
right as we speak does it hurt okay you
just tell me if it hurts when I file the
dry skin on my feet I'm imagining that's
not how I think getting shorter this cuz
we're filing there may be dead fed up I
don't really know when I put the
medication on his hip a part of the wart
went white I really don't know how or
what all the medicine bill it's because
the water it got wrinkly okay kinda
gross it really just looks like you're
defiling your knees
really bad ok the instructions say you
do not touch this to anything and you
can only apply it once a week very still
everything that I have touched the wart
with the file my q-tip I'm going to hold
in one glove and I'm going to put over
everything why do you got to put over
everything so that nobody touches it
this is kind of difficult because it's a
very long thing yeah and I'm gonna hold
the inside of the glove and go put that
in the garbage can when I had warts in
my nose it hurt because they had to burn
it out like freeze it I only got it on
your wart
and now we're gonna put duct tape on it
and in the morning we'll take the duct
tape off wash it with soap and water and
we had to wait one solid week before we
can put more medicine on it okay so
everyone yeah don't take that off don't
play with it don't mess with it yeah um
it's probably gonna be Bernie itchy
uncomfortable now I'm gonna go in and
wash my hands and clean everything up hi
I was just calling to see what you were
doing okay what are you doing today do
you want me to come over with the kids
whenever I don't have anything that I
have to get done today I mean there's
things that I should do they want to
okay I haven't got ready yet either so
I'll get ready you get ready and then
I'll come over I can't even bring lunch
over do you guys have lunch okay we can
do that okay I I'm getting ready this
morning and I'm just feeling a little
blue for my sister Ellie she found out
yesterday that she her baby stopped
growing in her tummy and I I just
watched as she has just enjoyed this
pregnancy this month on her own without
announcing it yet and she has looked so
beautiful and she has been so happy and
I just my heart aches for her and it
makes me think about when my sister Ruby
lost her babies and you know my sister
Chewie lost her babies and I have never
been through a miscarriage so I don't
know what it's like I can imagine how
they would feel but I don't know exactly
you know and we're gonna go over today
just sit she probably won't do a whole
lot of talking we'll probably just sit
I just wanted to get Jackson laughing
Lincoln says the horse says neigh yay
yay yay yay he likes happy horses I love
you I've got Cody and Olivia here with
me and we are going to their annual
checkups at the doctor Cody is limping I
think he wants to get a cast on he hurt
his leg the other day I mean I've never
seen him walk this much with the limp
but I mean I think she think he's trying
to convince himself and me that he needs
a cast can't say I haven't done the same
thing in Olivia hopefully they will take
your stitches out today we'll see if
they'll do it here if they don't do it
here free then we'll go to the hospital
where they do it for free good okay RH
good job okay your turn guys here we go
ready what's this one T oh okay our H oh
good job 16 do you think it also not as
good no hers is even brighter see it's
oh oh boy the 2020s perfectly and she
was perfect okay he gets a little bit
farther so far objects it's like you're
Superman or something
okay Cody he can not be messing with
that Cody turn it off there you go
I had to yell at Boston last time we
were here it's because these are the
doctors things and you want to be
respectful and not touch those that
don't belong to you
yeah same ways you don't want people
touching your Legos the doctor doesn't
want you touching his stool I don't like
what this book is about a stool as a
poop and one how fierce the stool is
yeah look are you doing so good who's
that tight one when the doctor comes in
they're gonna do a needle in your arm
and Cody wants to know how bad does it
hurt well I'm not gonna sugarcoat it it
feels like a needle going into your arm
don't pinch me as hard as you think it's
gonna hurt guess what it's gonna hurt
when the needle goes in and then when
you're done it'll feel a lot better yeah
it might sting but guess what you guys
are strong healthy kids so it'll hurt
I'll put a bandaid on and then you'll be
fine Cody if I can take four of my
finger exactly see Olivia you can do it
it's good so nervous about this when I
was little I didn't even have my title
see you guys are just normal and fine
and to Cody's sadness he does not get a
cast on this but see you guys are fine
you get so worked up you especially get
so worked up and nervous
you'll be fine you had this that hurt
way worse than any shot where's the one
on your knee you had that that hurts way
worse than any other shot and if you can
do
this switch PS that looks so great I got
candy right shots I got a treat let me
pop can you read sure she got it can we
get it like two whole depends on how big
of a babies you're gonna be if you're
good eveing love using the third
percentile for weight and height Cody
you got a shot
why did you do that you guys are the
biggest bunch of boo-boos I've ever
known
yeah that's so cool
probably got a yellow one too like my
leg is shaking my foot is hurting you
did so good you guys are awesome feel
any chapstick just going in July I am
getting ready to go into young men's for
the night so we will see you guys
tomorrow if you liked the video give it
a thumbs up and if you're new to the
channel subscribe bye guys
