having a small star
usually bring down the kids are up
dressed and ready like they were extra
tired and ready come on we gotta go
there are you just wanting to be sleepy
oh I just want to go back to sleep so
bad
having teachers a little lucky or me
hurry stop saying that it's good
Spray inflammatory I wanted to film a
back to school morning routine this
morning is not our regular morning
routine Joey usually gets up and works
up every single morning and this is the
first day in how many months that you
haven't got up and gone to work out like
three months that's really tough feeding
you it's like you just to baby
everybody hates breakfast nobody loves
okay easy is your bed made is your bed
made where did you put your dirty
clothes where's your dirty clothes on
the floor okay okay come sit down
teeth brushed teeth brushed to you so
far since school has started these are
the steps that we take every morning
some mornings go a little better than
others
where is your backpack did you leave it
or your jacket did you leave it at
school is it in your backpack there we
go Lincoln's backpack for you
a little grasshoppers don't drop him
he's probably too cold is one sad
grasshopper putting a blanket on the
grasshopper how nice
hey did you just wake up fine well he's
eating breakfast I'll pull up the
channel and check to make sure the video
went up for today and then I go into the
videos and start putting in all the I
cards making sure they're all good
alright guys we are awake we are ready
for the day Joel is almost ready I am
going oh no towel sorry let me find you
one sorry I'm watching him it's a watch
sorry you have to hurry get ready
because I am recruiting Joel to help me
with something some of you guys have
seen this box sitting in the background
and you've commented on it this is a
fabfitfun fall box I have been waiting
to open this box I haven't opened it yet
and I am oh that's so fun I'm really
excited to do this fabfitfun is
sponsoring today's video and I'm so
excited because I've seen a lot of
people open these boxes are in social
media so I'm excited to try it out
myself this is a seasonal subscription
box it comes four times in a year with
full size fashion beauty wellness and
lifestyle products in it I want you to
open it with me I want to just see if
you know what these products are and
what they're used for
are you up for that what if I fail so
while Joel kind of scopes the box out
these boxes are 49.99 and I do have a
coupon code that I will have in the
description for you guys for $10 off
your first box okay go ahead
that's teeth whitening but I read it
this is from Miami its cuticle oil how
do you know it's a cute container then
it comes in four yellow rings on it this
is an eyebrow pencil an eyebrow pencil
in red
it's lip crayon still don't know this
lotion or something I think okay well I
have to see oh okay oh this is fun I've
never tried a mud mask this is pretty
self-explanatory the belt but it's
really cute Jim and juice bag there's
some Cottonelle wipes to go in your
purse this is the softest blanket I
think I've ever felt in my life so this
is not a blanket Oh what is it it
matches your outfit sir rubbing it's
like a really large scarf is it a
blanket scarf I think a reasonable
microwavable and reusable okay that's
kind of cool
they're valued at over $200 a box so
it's just a fun way to get full-size
samples of things that you might not
have thought to purchase before I will
have my coupon code and all the
information you guys need listed in the
description below so I have a lady in my
neighborhood that just had a baby I'm
going to make a double batch of dinner
tonight I want to make spaghetti because
it's my favorite meal with some really
good garlic bread and then cookies of
course for her finger treats yeah well
if there's trees here we'll see but it's
okay if there's not the first thing is
this the first thing you see is treats
over here maybe it might be fun to find
a treat for the kids how about you pick
out one of these for each that's kind of
a small one no I think we're gonna do
one of these pick one out for each of
the kids okay look okay you can either
be happy and pick one of these for
everybody or look at me or you don't get
a treat do you understand yeah okay what
do you think No
so pick four while I go find what I need
this is exactly what I need I used to
have a huge bag of clear gel and when we
were in the middle of our remodel I like
ruined the bag somehow I think it like
busted open I'm sure I've got a lot more
hey this is what I need because I'm
going to be doing
peach pie filling today that's what I'm
doing today I'm a little anxious to see
what Boston has chose over here did you
pick four let's see - thanks are we
missing one yeah let's find one actually
I probably don't really need one for
Lincoln but we'll get one for Lincoln
all h's this one that was actually for
me but my green ones broken okay
update on the whole spider situation we
called the pest control people and they
told us that this year has been
especially bad because we had a really
wet winter and then a really hot spring
summer and so going from one drastic to
the other they said that everyone has
the same problem and that they're having
to come and respray the homes so we have
someone coming to respray the house in
the meantime we're just killing a bunch
of spiders a little more sweaty than the
last time I picked up the camera I've
been in a kitchen all day so I made
dinner for the lady in my ward
I made barely enough for the rest of us
to eat thank you and yes we are totally
being on paper plates just because I
have done the dishes and more times than
I care to today we made peach pie
filling cache oh okay oh they're hot
yeah peach pie filling so we're just
finishing bottling goes we got a
casualty oh good the jar break the jar
was hot I don't understand why it broke
is it just seeping into everything
awesome
all right well everybody starts eating
the dinner table is sometimes where
have some meaningful discussions and we
have something that we want to talk to
you guys about and it's not too big of a
deal especially where we normally post
Monday through Friday we record over the
weekend and then we post the weekends
vlog on Monday we are going to still
continue to post Monday through Friday
my hand is shaking the only thing that
we're going to start doing that's a
little bit different is we are not going
to be posting directly the next day most
family vloggers at least in the past
have recorded on the Monday they upload
and post on a Tuesday trimming here any
time job but we've watched a lot of
families vloggers get burned out I come
from a family of vloggers I have five
vlogging channels from my family all
five of my siblings blog something that
Ruby has done eight passengers is they
even record and they don't post for a
week so you know on the fourth of July
that's when a lot of people started
noticing hers was oh my gosh you didn't
post your fourth of July vlog for
another week there's so many different
reasons why we feel like this is going
to be a good for our sanity purpose
quality of content quality of content
when people get burned down it's like oh
we have to find something to blog we
don't want to do that we want to and we
want to fix things before we like to
call it preventative maintenance we
watched we watched so many people go
through this that we want to change it
and also we're going to be traveling
where we won't have internet again
they'll still be an order of our lives
but it just might be a few days behind
delay to the calendar of advancements
yes we'll get the hang of things and
trial and error we'll work together
we'll make sure that this is a smooth
process so we love you guys and we
honestly appreciate you watching our
videos thank you guys so much for
supporting us loving us we love you guys
and then we'll see you guys tomorrow bye
Oh
you
