I built the dog and now I'm building
your head this is so good Cody Cody that
is so good you did a good job did you
and you didn't even follow the
instructions
no I oh you did good job I do that even
lost their dog and I did not even love
the handcuffs hey it's good job Olivia
you're working on yours I love you guys
are what you like Oh Mike oh okay
you cannot put Legos in your mouth okay
guys I got to tell you something you got
to put all your Legos away because we're
going to Abby and Julie's house right
now yeah yes Legos are too little to
bring because we don't want to lose
these little pieces yeah yeah they do so
we're gonna oh oh uh Boston
you're gonna come put your stuff away
first grandpa I'm trying to read this
book I forgot which page I was on and I
found out that I was actually on this
page or was on this page there's one of
those pages but I'm just ready
yeah I'm trying so hard to like read it
but then I forgot one and then I just
Brandi last night we we're up so late
yeah I know the babysitter told me did I
hurt you
I'm sorry are you trying to get your
shoe on drop me to help you hey can you
please help me oh I don't know why we
ever even bother putting your shoes on
because you're gonna take them off in
five minutes and then you're gonna
scream because you aren't your shoes on
but I can't reach you because we're
driving what do you think about that
you're naughty oh you're naughty we have
our camp chef we have a steamer a
steamer some propane we are ready to go
we are heading to my sister Ruby's house
eight passengers and we are gonna help
them juice their grapes to bottle grape
juice
in looking for whole pickle spices
alright store number one does not have
whole pickling spice they have dill they
have sweetened something
is a charm this is an iconic stand on
the side of the road from my hometown I
called their head and these guys have
liked me that and ironically this store
is smoked identical to my grandma's and
straight from growing up I don't know
what it is but just like it these guys
are gonna have what I need there you are
every day we just made a stop to get
some gas before we get to rubies and the
most clean-cut has some cowboy held the
door open for me and I came out and this
is the truck he was walking away from
Joel was staring at the truck and I was
staring at a cowboy the first thing you
do we get here is drag grass clippings
off movies every day this is the first
time I'm seeing Ruby's place since it's
been fixed up and your kitchens gorgeous
it's so pretty feel so good in here
we're gonna drag grass clippings go
through it we're gonna change a really
stinky dice paint paint any garbage in
here not to tell anybody
cardi do you like that this is in the
ground so you don't have to fall off hey
this is kind of a little trippy get over
here baby
hey seen you all day boy's room the
background picking grapes
Oh beans buzzing no I can't hold you but
I jumped with you
in some bag I'm feeling so good are you
okay 1 2 3
are you okay that's like your fifth
cookie what's up I don't know why this
is a fun game trampolines are dangerous
here you go one two
oh did Molly eat your cookie is her tail
hitting you
oh Henry just sit down and eat your
cookie oh oh did she eat your cookie
you're not crying in this place gnarlie
you can't eat the grapes we're gonna
juice these ones no more eating them can
you come on over here let's go swing
are you ready to tack team this you get
the screaming chimpanzee I'll get the
sleeping bears
you better get a holy yourselves you
better get a holy yourself alright
you're ready to go in I have a why I
resort to laughing when things are too
heavy and awkward that make sure help
down the stairs we got the kids in bed
it is midnight we are home and we have
to mix up line and finish cutting our
cucumbers for pickles and I was thinking
to myself I wonder what you guys are
thinking watching me and all my siblings
the blog its canning season and so that
that's what we're doing we're canning
and bottling and so I asked myself why
do we do this why do we do this and two
main reasons came into my mind one it
reminds me of my grandparents and they
did it because they had to they they
grew their
food in the summer and they preserved it
for the winter so that they could
survive through the winter and it's been
passed down to us and so when it makes
me feel close to them makes me feel
grateful for those that have come before
me and you know provided so I know that
I'm providing for my family and we don't
have to it's not our means of survival
but I know how in case we do which
brings me to my second reason is there's
a lot of tragedy going on in the world
right now in Florida you can't just go
to the grocery store and get the things
that you need some people can't leave
their homes I like knowing that if there
is a natural disaster which how many
states are under natural disaster right
now Joel so many I like being prepared
and I like being close to where I came
from reminds me of my grandma and my mom
growing up so that's why we do it we're
gonna try to finish up here quickly so
we can go to bed thank you guys for
watching we appreciate you guys if you
enjoyed the video give it a thumbs up
see you guys tomorrow
