crazy morning you guys whole entire
household slip in I finally got the kids
off to school and joel is still asleep
Joel had surgery on his feet yesterday
he couldn't watch that video in the
description below I'm pretty sure he
needed to sleep so we're just gonna let
him sleep I mean the kids are gonna hang
out in the basement - my mom gave Chris
a free go to bed you wouldn't they
changed just might change your mind I'm
kind of jealous I want to get down there
me too
give her a kiss Oh mm-hmm
you can have your pinky now even though
you're too big okay we don't take bribes
but kids do we take bribes like cake
we'll take cake Ferb ride we've been
sitting here we don't want to stop
working we're like all crap the kids are
home awesome good job maybe we should
take a pee break say hi and then send
the kids outside
really wallaby you can have no you can
go have your carrots or your grapes and
your spruce and your yogurt over there
and then you can have a piece of
licorice I think the worst part of any
project is cleaning up all your mess all
your tools and stuff you're like I'm
done with the project all the way I just
don't want to clean anything up but I
still have to the project I had to fix
today was the throttle on everything on
Cody's four-wheeler it was completely
bad I don't know what happened I think
the guy who sold it to me may have sold
me a limo and knew that it was a bad and
just like had it set up so it just
worked good enough for a day or some and
then it broke I don't know it had been
broken before you could tell Italy tell
when I took it apart but we got it fixed
and Cody's four-wheeler is up and
running again and now he can actually
finally take mom for a ride bonnie has
not been on a ride I'm Little Red yet so
soon enough soon enough good news my
feet aren't hurting at all they feel
funny to walk on I feel like I have to
walk kind of on the outside of him like
kind of like that like don't bend to the
toe too much but other than that you
feel like we're good to go
I don't know the doctor said that it
would be a pretty fast recovery and I
think part of that is because they're
going in and freezing the nerve endings
so if the nerve endings are frozen and
not you know responding to pain then
you're not gonna feel what pain is out
going on down there so maybe I don't
know who knows that could be my
harebrained theory I don't know it's
working
hey chubbs you helped me carry some
tools back to my shed oh my gosh
heaven forbid oh that's good to hear you
carry those
yesterday I told Joel I said I am
scheduling tomorrow off so I can make
you soup and then I changed it to a pie
I was like I'll make you a pie we have
plenty of food in the fridge
it is now 4:40 I have been working since
9:00 with my mom haven't spent two
seconds with you I feel like a pile of
crap adorable
I haven't give I haven't given two
seconds to the kids I haven't given two
seconds to you it's a busy time right
now and so I'm like hey we're gonna
spend the whole evening together who
said I have you in medicine like you're
not going he's like yes I am do you have
to yeah cuz we got a bishop needs to
talk to me and the young men's president
about y'all I was like pushing really
hard to do a fun activity with the kids
and he has to get approval for it so
it's kind of important that you go for
that today just is the best and Lincoln
is I mean he's eating as fast as he can
as hands are shaking yeah you guys are
the ultimate piggies you are totally a
piggy to wash all that down yeah I can
get you check your milk I did ask the
kids how their school was today Cody
told me more than you did the Tooth
Fairy forgot to come last night or maybe
she just was too busy to come maybe she
was too far away to come no she was too
busy cuz we made a very busy day yeah oh
look at the way you're like limping do
your feet hurt
yeah but do they hurt there's a little
screw that goes there that you through
it it makes it so that they can't have a
foal
okay I was gonna say we definitely need
to put that in there
so they can't go as fast as the machine
will allow just said let's jump on a bus
and take a ride downtown I don't know
but can you help me first to get these
boxes down we have the whole day not
just to ourselves so we can clean the
house or clear out some shelves don't
you're not gonna hurt that bun
I promise you're not gonna hurt it well
I mean it's it's not bothering me at all
you know we should do some banding on it
and then wash around it I don't know I
even gonna be very come on I can feel
you touching it but there's no like
paying touching it right now
I mean you think about it he killed the
nerve endings where there would be pain
coming through so you could paint my
nails that'd be great I need a nice pity
could you imagine taking here shoots up
for a pedicure with that underneath
there uh excuse me sir miss dolly the
nicest gesture Evers the wash somebody's
feet is what I'm saying thank you that's
what the Savior did to the people
pick it you're back
are you okay leaning forward when ruby
was a teenager I remember washing her
back cuz you know you get like little
goodies on your back and stuff I used to
come into the bathroom and wash Ruby's
back she was a teenager and she'd washed
mine too because we couldn't reach her
back all the way and we didn't want this
our back washed each other's - Tommy
Ruby's a good back washer - no I'm
saying I'm an extra good one
sponge bath for mr. Helene this day is
turning out to not be so bad you can see
the incision right here and you can see
that this is all swollen right here I'll
get your boots on do you feel better to
feel clean good recovering all like
whole different level now it's good you
guys we're gonna oh how they're gonna
hit me with your snowball pick up their
blood or gloves on thank you guys so
much for watching we're gonna close the
bug here so we can try tonight if you
guys have it checked out alien eyes new
clothing line Molly brand calm I'll have
a link in the description for you guys
give this video a thumbs up I will see
you later okay just say let's jump on a
bus and take a ride downtown well I
don't know about that but can you help
me first to get these boxes down I don't
know that we have the whole day not just
to ourselves
