I don't know how we ended up down here
but we're all playing apparently we all
got up extra early it's so cute the kids
love their little Legos well we can help
you with yours too Boston wants to show
me this jump that he's doing and it
makes me too nervous I will break
anything up I don't want you to break
your face look we've already hit the
deductible for the year just have you
ever done this oh oh oh my gosh okay no
more after that okay no more monkeys
jumping on my bed look at mama
do not jump again from up there okay yes
I'm so happy
but you haven't acknowledged yet Boston
Boston Boston wait look at mom okay okay
Boston wait do not jump off the bunk bed
again okay okay no okay Boston what did
I just say ever again look at that face
in his mind he's thinking I'm totally
jumping off that again Boston I really
want you to understand what I'm saying
Boston Boston I need you to come here
what come here I want you to look me
straight in the eye and say I will not
jump off the top of the bunk bed I
promise promise okay look you're not go
out stay without shoes on
did you just make that with no
instructions goodbye of those days and
kiss kiss kiss
Marie I'm sorry up the buyers I carry
that way a long time Pavitra Thunder oh
I fins down after the water never really
knowing why cute Johnny Bravo he looks
great I got a little overzealous with
the round brush but Cody your hair falls
during the day and so it's a little
extra taller than normal it looks
fabulous your hair looks so awesome the
guy I've been going to I usually cut all
this off because look what it does
that's just what it does on its own
naturally I usually just chop it off but
the guy said to let it grow so we're in
the process of growing this you look so
handsome
show me who you're gonna smile for
pictures remember your face you peed in
that one video the awkward school
picture video best school smile go
if you can have any face you want first
full picture go whatever school face you
want to do in your pictures go
is it good do you like that that's
pretty good for making some salsa well
not salsa it's like fresh pico was lying
a little bit of salt this is not done
yet but he doesn't seem to mind and he
loves to dip anything the first time he
tasted it he gave a thumbs up you might
even good if you're sitting here
laughing at the way the kids were saying
their Spanish yesterday and we taught
Lincoln and by we I mean Bree can you
say I love you in Spanish what is it now
I forgot something
the work they have and I'll go girls in
it Lincoln that one's hot go put it back
put it back please stop eating all my
fruit
thank you Scott Cody's monkey watching
over me he hot glued him a Halloween
costume and some knee pads here did he
start doing - well he's in sad shape
to
let's see
there's a whole
he will not leave the fruit alone I
don't think I care too much
he's playing a game with me and whoever
baby he looks at if I say the name he
thinks it's funny he's playing a game
with me who's that
yeah who's that who's that yes who's
that no who's that pikey no who's that
no oh that's Lincoln the kids are just
getting home from school I've been in
the kitchen all day Joel and I have a
date tonight and so I want to get ready
for that and I kind of forgot that I
told Kody I would take him to the store
and get the things on his grocery list
because he's a really good boy and I
just kind of thought he needed a little
one-on-one time with me and I kind of
forgot about that and I was like oh Cody
he's like ready to go mom I have
business and I was like oh let me do my
makeup first so that I know that I'm
ready for our date tonight because we
have to leave it a certain time you
should have seen his face he looked at
me his eyes filled up with tears but he
was like being tough you know like
trying not to cry and I said okay fine
fine fine fine I was like fine I will
take you and right now I'm like go get
in the car let's go you got your list
okay let's go cute boy you like those
treats in the car whether they call Pete
dreams yep how many items are on your
list
thank you Cody wants to pick out a small
Lego set because the small ones are
easier to pick out look at this one do
you like the car
not quite do you like the Train one it's
a motorcycle oh my gosh that's like my
favorite one right there they have a
helicopter I can't believe he's not
dying over these well I'll let you pick
what you want here I'll hold on to it if
you want it you can give it okay yeah
that one's kind of expensive
I don't even know it in joggle is it's a
four-wheeler
it's a four-wheeler that one has a
motorcycle it's a Ninjago motorcycle
he's the beat the ice dog and bird is
that the one you want yeah okay we may
have got a third item are you ready to
go on a date with me got mice no just
gotta get dressed I have no idea what
I'm gonna get wearing I never put my
lipstick on and so we're like at the
place oh I should see what Boston thinks
of my makeup Boston hates hates when I
wear like dark eyeshadow I'm a little
nervous to have all these Legos out for
Lincoln yeah that's what you hope Boston
what do you think of my makeup for
tonight
Lincoln girl
well we came down to the streets of
Ogden Utah for this date we just
happened to be parked right in front of
this store it's collected this is where
my mom came by pretty this like really
matronly
it was fun catching up with some old
friend thank you so much for the fun
date and you guys enjoy date night he's
a thumbs up if you're new to the channel
subscribe see you guys
