John I did a very honest QA and at the
end of it I said if you guys can do X
amount of likes on this video and I
can't remember what they were I think it
was even like thirty thousand or
something anyway you guys surpassed it
in no time so I have to tell you the
story that I said I was going to tell
you now at the time I didn't take into
consideration who was going to be
watching this video so I went to church
and I was seeing all these people in my
ward that may or may not watch my videos
and I thought am I really willing to
tell them my poo story and then I
thought about my friends in Hawaii and
their mom that I loved and I thought
okay I know she watches my videos am I
really willing to tell her my poo story
I don't want to do this my support just
walked in yeah I was telling them that
how I really shouldn't be saying this
story because of who may or may not be
watching our videos all right let's just
get into this we were in Hawaii we were
having the time of our lives and we had
wonderful friends that we met there and
Keshia and June and their mom June's mom
I know I didn't know I forgot I was
gonna say it's June's mom she's
wonderful she's amazing her name is
Belle and she said why don't you guys go
on a date by yourselves and we were like
mm-hmm
so we went on a date and it was romantic
we were so giddy to go out into this
city by ourselves we went down to
Honolulu
like newlyweds we did it was like we had
been in our swimsuits around each other
for like almost a month and we were just
like loving the atmosphere loving
everything we were so happy and we were
like let's go to a really nice
restaurant so we went to Roy's for
dinner
it was supposed to be a really nice
restaurant and I do feel like the food
is pretty good there it was very
expensive it was one of the most
expensive meals that we had there and
the food was good like we were fish a
sampler it went wrong
I ordered a sample or plate of fish and
so I had like four different okay yeah I
think I know what went wrong I ordered
four totally different types of fish
they had for all different seasonings
the appetizer was a little spicy and so
we dammed that and I'm pretty sure we
had dessert we went and spent some time
on the beach and you know walking along
the beach just enjoying the ocean
enjoying the nighttime pool every beach
nightlife is so fun oh it was just
beautiful and started rumbling
and I looked at the time and I'm like
okay for those of you that haven't been
to Hawaii I was very shocked at the
traffic so traffic is it mean it's very
comparable to LA traffic it's oh yeah
yeah rush hour in Honolulu Waikiki what
and for some reason it's even in the
nighttime - so driving home we had a
45-minute drive home and I thought ok ok
no no no shouldn't have thought that so
something else that you might not know
about Hawaii is that every gas station
they don't have bathrooms at every gas
station that's crazy because you're
coming around here in Utah we gotta need
every gas station and we travel a lot
here and it's like I get every guys
enjoy was so patient gone on the road I
was thinking that I would be ok we got
into traffic and I'm like joldosh
getting on my stomach is hurting so bad
keep in mind you just had like the most
romantic evening we're excited to get
home and I was like my stomach really
hurts still and he's like here let me
pull off and I'm thinking okay we need
to get home I don't want to take
advantage of Belle and her time like I
know she has to get back home it was
getting late and I was just like no I'll
be fine like I have control of myself
no I my pain is increasing
my stomach is clenching other body parts
are clenching I'm
I'm dying and I just think okay I
couldn't do this and Jill's like bloody
pull up here there's an extra right here
but traffic wasn't even moving and I
thought I am NOT going to spend
literally thirty five minutes getting
off only to find out that the gas
station doesn't have a bathroom try to
find another bathroom so I'm looking
around and I'm thinking does Lincoln
have any extra diapers in the suburban
no he didn't put in the backseat the
third row all the way back there's some
sandy beach towels and I have to say
that they're sandy because everything
was sandy everything with sandy and it
got a little uncomfortable with the sand
so I'm like doll I can't do this anymore
like I'm dying I'm sweating I'm getting
pale I have to go to the bathroom so I
find in the back seat of the bathroom
well sort of so I climbed into the very
back seat of the suburban and my job do
you love me like things are gonna get
awkward real fast I was in a onesie I
was in a one-piece I'll just leave back
to your imagination I'll spare you the
details so I went to the bathroom on a
sandy beach towel it doesn't in there it
doesn't in there
I guess spare you some of the details
this story is so funny but because I
don't know who is watching I just have
to keep it a little sugar coated so all
the windows were down we didn't have any
wet wipes for the car and
for the sandy part of the child comes in
that makes things a little awkward so I
had a sandy little package right there
and I'm like okay what are we gonna do
with this we can't like what are we to
do honestly thought we'll just get rid
of it when we get home we were still 40
minutes out okay
we had to like the busy part of the
freeway or still like in town a little
bit and so there and apparently the next
day was garbage day because everyone had
their garbage cans down here quick so
you like roll the window down when he
was in the backseat so I like hold up to
a random stranger and lifted their
garbage tossed it in I was like Thank
You stranger I'm sorry
stranger so I don't know maybe you guys
are thinking why that's not too bad but
you don't know the details the details
that I am sparing you this is the story
it's just the fact that bunny had to go
potty in the back of the vehicle wipe it
off with a sandy dirty towel and then
because the smell was so rank and
raunchy we had week there was luckily a
garbage can off the side of the road we
just dropped it in he was intent it made
our love grow stronger Joel I appreciate
you so much do you look at me any
different
it's a funny story at the moment I was
like you just stay in the back seat so
that is thank you so much for listening
and watching and those of you that
actually know me and person feel free to
disallow me or pretend you didn't hear
this story if you enjoyed this video
please give me a thumbs up for sharing
my most humiliating poo story with you
if you suffer from IBS
