morning baby should we change bomb okay
come here
he's bad boy but he got rigid
where's your ice where's your nose
where's your teeth take your pinky out
show me your teeth E
show me your ears is your ears what's
your hair yeah good boy
stinky bum ya hey monkey get off the
trip
Olivia has been so good about taking
care of her own hair this year but
sometimes Mama's just got it still help
right Olivia doesn't know how to put oil
in her hair yet I would not trust her to
do that
crazy crazy all you babe are you singing
too bad are you waiting for rain for Bri
peaches gonna be a while before she gets
here but you stay out there the whole
time though okay
I'm so glad that Boston is singing
waiting for Bri because he is to not be
as happy when she would come over he
like kind of was hesitant with her you
know like do you remember he used to
call her Andy I wasn't around when she
was kinda round I was at P&G still
popcorn chicken and Lego set set your
grocery list
how come you shine now you were just
belting it out outside tell me what
songs you all say yourself I'm still
standing yeah yeah yeah so he came home
from school the other day
I saw someone wearing a giant jacket it
was so cool dad Cody really really wants
a leather Johnny jacket I guess by
calling it
are you ready to go on a work date with
me thank you
my meter oh hey Lincoln are you gonna be
good while Mama's gone he came walking
out of his room today sing toys toys he
doing I was shooting gig again he was
playing out here and I could see the Sun
kind of shining in through the yard was
really pretty um it's be here she's
almost here trying to come out front
with me and wait do you guys y'all your
kids every single day five thousand
times a day to put their shoes on when
they go outside they hate to put their
shoes on before they go outside and it
drives me crazy
it makes me absolutely crazy because
when they come inside and they have
really neat before Joel and I get ready
to go I wanted to share with you
something that was sent to me in our p.o
box and I think I laughed so hard when
we got this look how cute that is the
note reads hi Bonnie and Jill this mic
and the mic you should have already
received are so you can use the AC in
your room so Bonnie won't sweat and
still be able to get good audio when you
do interview videos thank you so much
this was the most thoughtful gift I
think I've ever seen I just thought it
was so dang acute thank you guys you
guys always send me the cutest most
thoughtful letters and cards and I want
you guys to know that we get them I
already told you this before I just feel
like I'm like flaunting things on video
and I'm like oh my gosh look what people
sent us but then on the other hand I'm
like I really want to say thank you and
tell you that I appreciate
and then I get them but know that we get
your letters and they appreciate them
bye thank you see ya bye be good listen
to Bree you'd think we'd have mice nope
just a two-year-old we were about to go
inside and Lincoln forgotten his goggles
so he ran to go get him oh good job
buddy they go and start with D good job
all right got mom's haircut how's it
feel oh she's running a finger strat
it's all on how it feels we're going
over a few recipes Joel and I are taking
home the baby cucumbers so we can do
pickles we're gonna do pickles this week
lots of canning lots of cooking and
prepping for our book the harvest season
they're not kidding when they say the
world's best roll
I'm not sure if you can tell because we
are driving FAFSA all along the road
this is where the fires have been and
Weber County my mom was texting us she
was in a home that had to be evacuated
the other day my dad's work I know if
they were they were getting ready to
evacuate her if they actually evacuated
at my dad's work the air is just smoky I
mean I you can you can see right here
instead of it being like a clear shot of
the mountain it's just smoke
you guys can see up this mountain this
is where the fire was right here you can
see red line and that's the fire
retardant that stopped the fire from
going any further these homes that you
can see barely missed the fire but right
here at the top you can see that's the
remnant of a chimney of a house these
homes down here are super lucky what are
you guys doing watch oh good job no no
does does Cosby how did you in to count
in Spanish my sister what else do you
guys know in Spanish I chilli button F
in your
I love you but I hate you I'm so sorry I
didn't mean to hurt your phaser game and
now everybody doubles fine
and I will start all over here without
you
right
Arielle to Noah
again
how because it's bigger than the other
ones I just walked in the house and I
heard oh I hope Lincoln's not in bed I
didn't think we were gonna be as late as
we were today
I hear Leakey is that Lincoln I hear Oh
what is were you spinning in the chair I
guarantee that's what you're thinking hi
hi he refuses to go down the other way
turn around give on your tummy so much
come here let's go find this kids
breathe did you hear say breathe then
started all over again I love it I
seriously love it Olivia did you line
the pillows around that's awesome how
did piano lessons go today did you go
over the two books that you practice
hard on a doggie yes so yes she passed
off the ones that you practiced except
for one of them that's good Olivia
that's good I've been having Olivia
practice on her own without me like
coaching her and so we've been seeing
how she would do just practicing on her
own and that's really good if she was
able to pass off a full book except for
one of the songs that's really good you
guys this is insane
I was just draining the water off of our
pickles and I poured it here in the
grass which it reeks and instantaneously
he's worn started coming up out of the
ground for the moisture not funny
I mean I know that's like a normal
natural thing but now I'm like looking
for all the worms that was crazy it was
kind of gross but kind of cool that's
awesome so bad they're gonna be
wonderful when they're done but oh my
gosh that was that's just like it looks
disgusting but when I was disgusting but
the final product is gonna be awesome
we're making bottled pickles thank you
for helping me now seriously please go
to bed I think I said goodnight five
million times I love you so much
goodnight girl love you thank you guys
so much for watching our day I was
talking to Joel about what do we do all
day we are busy all day every day and I
don't know what we're busy with couldn't
even tell you I had an awesome work date
with you today oh that was fun huh I
liked our work date that was fun
we're little work buddies um thank you
guys so much for watching if you enjoyed
this video give it a thumbs up
do we need to disclose our relationship
well after loving wish your mind the
broken eyes I don't know
