boss and I are gonna clean up my filthy
filthy car Frank
but he asked me you bet your bottom
bippy I do or talk radio's good to you
change the station keep going keep going
keep going
boston whaler this is the holy grail of
all fruit called the peach and dad grew
up farming peaches you know that yep
sure did planted a lot of peach trees in
my day yes
so you eat a peach now your skin
leaning over write all that out
yeah buy that out all right another half
there's more invites more right it might
be yellow stuff the fuzzy stuff yeah we
don't want that that's not good
some people eat it dad doesn't eat it
just sucked up the key to my car what's
up what's up key to the car right there
key to the car thought I was in trouble
here I need another house in high school
like detailed cars kind of on the side
and this is the best tool you'll ever
use
I realize washing prank is kind of like
polishing a turd best what a local crowd
if you don't take care of it it won't
last very long and I need this car to
last a little bit longer for me from the
tap you think yeah how'd you know I like
warm water thank you but I leave that
right there and finish it later okay
come on cool off a little bit more what
one more milk he drink the milk - your
chariot was way too fast
good morning baby you step in so long
huh yeah you had a dirty dirty bomb he
woke up at normal time but he was quiet
the whole time just playing in his crib
so if he's gonna play happy and be good
you can play all day long
he played for at least three hours at
least three hours just chilling and we
kept checking like well let me go back
to bed or what but no he was just
playing quietly you put this on me
please hey you gotta move that head of
hair no just do it over top well it
seemed crazy yeah I think you've never
done this before no I'm not
thank you I like it just leave it like
that the last time you and I were in
this car together after an a/c off
really thank you chill and I had just
got engaged we lay two weeks away from
getting married
yep and yeah so we had just got engaged
you totally wrecked the car Ellie was in
the backseat I was on the phone and I
smashed my it forwarded to see and it
like crushed it well and the airbag
broke my wedding ring I came out gave
you a bloody knife that was good pretty
lewd to our marriage
this car isn't there alive
this is right behind our table and it is
the perfect little area it's the perfect
time of year because it's not hot it's
not cold I think we should take a selfie
in front of it and take a dip like look
at that big hole just jump in there this
is the exact width of my grandma's River
that lined her backyard the same trees
that lined her yard let's take a selfie
me together take me back
while we were out planning with Ellie
and Jared Bree took Boston to the store
and found him the most awesome book you
get to wipe the stuff I draw on it and
let's see how it works so you can draw
in it and work in it and then you can
wipe it away so you can redo it all the
time is that what it is yeah it is
Austin that's so cool okay what is that
I'm asking that you can't do Oh fine
okay wipe clean my big activity workbook
is so fun Bree you're so smart are you
dad what are you doing so excited to say
he makes me play with you I have been
telling Boston that we will have quiet
time together for days now but I've just
been having a few things that had to
take care of and I had to clean out my
case and I dumped this all out earlier
and so I have to get the bed cleaned off
first okay don't push buttons yet will
you help me put these in here
softly cuz if we throw him in there
they'll break can you help me yeah
putting stuff away in there cuz all of
your glass and powder and we don't want
to break down them it's like a random
Iowa I sell watch all these stuff to
spiders out of the web's not real ones
and a good cut Wow
you do realize we have to start thinking
of Halloween right we got too much we
got to about xxx
Tupperware number two there we go for
quiet time we need to set the mood
are you sharing with Daddy nobody shares
well oh okay don't take all this cheese
I can't for that I'll give you back all
the green you didn't mean to do that
right all right Boston wants to watch
his birthday do you want to watch when
you turn two three or four Boston
transport here we go I can tell that in
Boston's behavior he hasn't needed my
attention and even though we're just
watching TV there is something about
sitting with your mom laying your head
on her chest holding her hand just being
together and I honestly think that
that's what his misbehavior has been
lately because he just needs my
one-on-one attention the Boston yeah
he's like yeah I don't care just have
treats kinda show why do you like
watching your birthday vlogs because I
can stop cuz you get stuff that's kind
of fun to see yourself in your little
the kids love birthday vlogs and
Christmas vlogs those are their favorite
being that food I watched my Christmas
walk there I got my car was the cars
okay guys my natural curly hair you
little stinker you don't like it like
that
basta has a very strong opinion on my
looks he told my mom
when my mom was babysitting him he was
like do you wear dresses and she's like
well yeah of course they wear dresses to
church on Sunday he's like well my mom
wears dresses every day and he tells me
Boston does not like dark eyeshadow and
he was not happy when I took off my
eyelashes are you gonna marry someone
just like mama yeah you wanna marry me I
will marry you okay promise Olivia came
home from school almost in a panic cuz
her legs her lips were so dry your lips
and her hands and her arms I remember
being little coming home one time I felt
so just like like dry and uncomfortable
and I just remember all I wanted was my
mom and when I came home and took care
of me guess what made me feel all the
way better does that feel better to get
some lotion on your hands and it's kind
of hard for Olivia to wash her hands
right now with her stitches and so we
got our hands and arms nice and clean
and now we're gonna get you ice and
lotion
because it's dry it gets that way when
it's dry and you know what we'll put
some hydrogen peroxide on your wound
because that's what the doctor said
did you I think that it looks pretty
good does it still sore no does that
hurt when I do this no but like here
kind of like yeah hi there oh you gotta
leave them in there put your dog down I
like to hold your dog but you got to
take your binky out come here ma you got
to put your binky in the crib yeah did
you take a good nap you have a big tear
coming down your face look at that big
tear good morning
do you want an apple hey should we go
get an apple thank you or a cookie no
we're gonna have an apple Hey yep your
shoes we recruited one more got a little
baby in there
I'm sitting in Lincoln's room and I've
had a pile of his clothes that don't fit
him or that he's growing out of from
like for the summer and I've been trying
to think of someone in my area that has
a kid this size did you find me garbage
back give me a garbage bag and I think
that's like the times I've told her and
it's a little bittersweet um there's two
outfits in particular that I am gonna be
really sad to see go because these were
worn a handful of times by Cody a
handful of times by Boston and they're
still in perfect condition because this
was there nice outfit and so that's
gonna be just sad to see go it doesn't
fit Lincoln I think he may be war at
once and then this was another like
Church outfit that I don't know this was
only worn by Lincoln dirty but I think
that it will be really good for my heart
to know if it's gonna go to someone that
could really use them so I don't know
I'm excited to give them away because I
like I really want and someone that can
use them to have them but it is sad for
my mommy's heart to give away my baby
clothes
Oh stay here can you bring it to month
you don't know it but you're breaking my
heart growing up and it's such a true
thing I'll take the back
I'll take the back you are not happy so
I'm working my way through the closet I
think we're going to end the vlog here
see Olivia's reminiscing well I think
we're gonna end the vlog here especially
before I start crying I know I'm not
really gonna cry but I could if I let
myself if you guys enjoyed this video
give it a thumbs up and we'll see you
guys tomorrow
hi okay seriously this vest with these
socks I can't hardly part with them I
cannot hardly part with these
you
