we have to keep all of his finger
bandage when she goes to school because
there's so many juries man that's a good
wink Boston you just enjoying your
morning quiet time I'm excited for quiet
time with you to be watching the wind
blowing the trees hey c'mere I have a
question for you you were telling me
what a freeze brain was what is it um if
you eat cold things then they're by your
sight and uh you say freeze and then
brain that's how you say freeze brains
Wow how'd you get so smart
do you like a dolphin or you be a rotten
fish I think I like dolphin I can get it
hi you so I just I just came in to get
Lincoln so here's you can't see very
well
hi guys
you guys forgot me can you can see him
look down this morning when I was
working out I was doing my normal stuff
and all sudden my foot felt funny and
I've had a lot of foot problems which I
think you guys might know I thought it
went numb cuz it felt so different my
Nike air bag deflated in this foot so it
had absolutely no cushion I mean like I
don't think you're supposed to be able
to do that with your shoe the only thing
that really stunk was the two-and-a-half
mile run home from the gym I seriously
felt like I was running on like a
limping leg it hurts so bad one task
that I've got to get done well I'm
heading out around town is I got a
drop-off Jared in Ellie's chairs they
loaned them to us for Olivia's baptism
put your Apple can daddy have a bite can
they have a bite or thank you Lincoln
bust another way
this is perfectly safe this is exactly
what this car was intended to do
I was feeling all my Hawaii bangles this
morning so I put those on and I was
thinking about the time that I went
surfing that Joel and I went surfing in
Hawaii it was one of my favorite days
ever if you guys haven't seen that video
I'll put it in an I card right here
because it was so much fun that was like
the best day of my life
can you guys hear how happy Boston is
downstairs I have something to tell you
guys it is such a great moment for me do
you guys remember a while ago when I had
Lincoln a while ago two years ago when I
had Lincoln Joel was working full time
and I was doing this channel full time
by myself
I hired Bree to help me when I first had
Lincoln she was absolutely Heaven Sent
to me she would come in the morning
she'd go in and get the baby out of the
crib and bring him into me in my bed and
I just my life was so good and then she
went on her mission Joel was here at the
house with me we were able to get our
life flowing and we were able to do
things on our own and we felt really
good about things and now I'm doing
photo shoots every other Tuesday or
almost every Tuesday with rouille I need
to get ready and roll is doing other
things making the house run just I mean
just everything it's like it's hard to
explain everything that we do that keeps
us so busy and yesterday if you guys
watched Ellie's video you saw that we
are doing a new cookbook we're gonna do
a cookbook with me and all my siblings
and my parents and then on top of that
there are other projects that we're
doing too because this is such a fun and
unique opportunity that we have and we
have not forgotten why we are where we
are you guys
the best your you support us you love us
and you continue to watch us and we just
appreciate that so much
and so there's so many things that go
into making this whole life you know
this whole production work can I say hi
to Bri I know she's like your favorite
you guys I want you to say hi to breed
yeah she's home how's your mission now
it's the best experience ever
well oh my gawd experiencia de vivir de
insidious fellow it's important feature
porque las personas no pueden a black
conmigo aqui pero una sorpresa camera in
turn CC puedo hablar espa√±ol you pero
anything nervous I cannot cry right now
because I have a photo shoot that I just
did my makeup for and I would never and
I equally love Bree I equally love Bree
and I'm so grateful for her I feel like
we both know that we were put in each
other's lives for a reason Bree has
expressed to me that she needed me at a
time and I needed her and I'm so blessed
that she's home and if she's able to
help us now because I was able to get
ready for this photo shoot and I didn't
have to say you guys please go
downstairs and watch TV you guys please
no shoes out the kids were outside with
Bree and they're having good lunches and
they're just I don't know like I just
feel like there's so much goodness -
yeah being you here the first time I saw
them after being home from my mission I
just saw them and I started crying and
that's like it's the same for you guys
you you love them you truly love them
cuz they're amazing people and I feel so
blessed to be in their lives and to be
around her sweet children and truly I
don't know I just felt full of love to
see them again and I just was crying
like a baby
well I was so worried that I wouldn't
have enough for her to do like the whole
time I knew issues coming home soon I
thought I don't have enough for Bree to
do to help me and then all of a sudden
it was like all these things just keep
coming and it's I don't know it's just
fun and it's meant to be we ready
I'm gonna show you guys a little trick
that I do when I need to color my hair
so I've already done it but I'm gonna
show you what I did I have a few grades
coming in and my hair will just like a
smidgen lighter than what I've colored
it
I'll take brown eyes shout out and I
kind of mix them because none of them
are the same and these have all
different tongue up I'm not even showing
you I'll take brown eyeshadow I take all
three of these because they have
different tones and then and I take the
eyeshadow and I just fill in my hair
lining with it and it's a little tedious
you have to do it a whole bunch of times
like dip your eyeshadow back in there
but I think this really hides my grays
and the light color it won't stand out
in the pictures as easily if I just dust
that on real quick well secret of the
trade is that the right thing I don't
even know whatever that's what I do
to thinking what do you do with your
bowl when you're all done can you go put
it in the sink for Mama
so everyone puts their Bowls in the sink
when they're done even Lincoln job come
here let me see your face can I see your
face looks like you enjoyed dinner was
it yummy well I do the dishes I want you
guys to all that soon as you get your
pajamas on okay and Cody if Boston needs
help you help it yes picking on your
bigger brother hey guys make sure you
put your dirty clothes in the laundry
room yes Cody they're totally dirty put
them in the laundry room I love getting
my dishes done before the kids go to bed
that way I feel like my night is ready
to start when the kids are in bed and I
don't have to keep working because when
it's bedtime I'm saying that I don't
want to do anything out for the rest of
the night Lincoln escape to outside come
in here please he is now tall enough to
a lot of deadbolt I lock it anyway but
this usually is a common occurrence I
chased him around while the other kids
do what they're told
Lincoln still doesn't do that where'd
you put your dirty clothes I do like you
in the bucket oh yeah okay go put it in
the bucket
Cody where'd you put your dirty clothes
and did you put it in the bucket now go
put it in the bucket go to the front
door and get all the shoes at the door
put away and anything that's on the
floor I want you to help me get put away
the dishes are halfway done everyone is
in their jammies yeah
clothes in the dirty laundry yeah
comedy's off everything cleaned up at
the door except Lincoln's backpack
bachlin run put the Lincoln's backpack
in his bedroom Olivia you are gonna do
me a huge favor can you get Lincoln in
his jammies do you think you can do that
let me check this diaper because that's
the most important thing oh did you not
change your diaper you helped me so much
that's okay well at least got something
done if you were such a good helper
thank you so much we'll put that in the
garbage go put it in the bathroom
garbage did you put it in the garbage
good job oh you're gonna close the door
- thank you thank you
if there's more than one child in the
house I believe in doing things in
numbers we do things as a group because
I don't trust you and I don't trust
anybody else that's all go in the
bathroom and I'll get our teeth brushed
in the mornings I have the kids brush
their teeth on their own but because I
pay their dental bill I like to make
sure that I brush their teeth at night
something that helps me keep my sanity
is I like to wipe up the bathroom and
not go to bed with the kids bathroom a
mess
it just helps keep my sanity and makes
me feel like I can have a clean house
when I can clean up after the day simple
and easy and now when I come and help
the kids get ready in the morning I
won't feel like my life is such a joke
yes Steve Flesch and he opened it and he
was trying to squeeze the Horned King
he's so cute and not at the same time I
just can't since kicky strict he's
pretty good
oh thanks Olivia you know that's not
water
oh yeah that's hot hot Olivia go lay
your clothes out okay finding the boys
room and I am laying out their clothes
for them I find that when I lay the kids
clothes out at night they are more
successful at getting themselves ready
in the morning Cody hates his outfit but
I have the boys outfits laid out what
what do you think selfish means not
happy okay I usually like to just check
Olivia's outfit to make sure that I
approve and what color of bow are you
gonna wear with that do you want above
about a pink one you want pink with it
basically this is what we do every
single night getting the kids ready for
bed and now it's time to put the kids
into bed which requires the camera to go
down so that they take moms seriously
thank you guys so much for watching if
you enjoyed this video give it a thumbs
up and we'll see you guys tomorrow
fight
you
