good morning everybody this morning I
have been tasked with fixing or washing
Cody's bedding but Cody made a little
cut in his bedding last year right there
and since then it has grown to this and
I need to wash it but if I wash that
cotton is gonna go everywhere so I have
to patch it I'm trying to follow an old
saying use it up wear it out make it do
or do without though he can't go without
bedding because I'm not that kind of a
parent I have to fix it for him ironing
board it is
and we are done look how nice these
patches look this looks so awesome
I need another patch we're having this
across my legs yeah it's all weird but
little short why I insist on throwing
everything in my life right on this side
of my bed is beyond me I don't know
myself
my side of the bed is clean and dusted
thank you very much I like to leave my
little jewelry out right here just
because it reminds me of my mom because
she gave it to me where did you find
that makeup cookie are you serious I'm
so happy for you he has lost his paw
patrols and it's just finding up did you
do your own hair today that looks
incredible
good job what is in there Oh My heck
okay Cody did you see this pile of
garbage what you see that pile of
garbage yeah today is a big day there's
something that you need to put in the
garbage can oh these pants have seen
their last day I know but you know what
do you see these handsome pants you're
wearing they're so handsome and they fit
you so no these pants
I've seen their last day yep these pants
have seen the last day either I can do
it or you can do it I think it would be
good closure for you if you threw that
on the garbage pile is that hard for you
they are old and holy I know you love
these pants but do you like the pants
you're wearing - no but you know what
you're gonna grow to love them cuz
they're like the same pan basically why
do you like holes in them because they
look cool or they feel cool you like the
way they feel okay go ahead toss them on
the garbage
come here oh we're okay come on are you
okay I know do you know okay
I'll let you do the remote on my bed I
don't know which is worse making Cody
throw them away or doing what my mom
always did with my favorite clothes do
you know what my mom used to do when I
was in school she would toss them and
then I would come home and look and look
and look and I said mom where's that
favorite sweater I can picture the
sweater in my mind and I was probably
your age and she said I don't know she
did know so Cody this is a very normal
situation to be in
okay okay all right guys if your parents
threw away an art project which I have
so many art projects thrown away that I
was like wait a minute where did my art
project just go off the fridge let me
know what things your parents threw away
of yours and I'll read them to Cody it's
alright you're okay someone just rang my
doorbell did someone just ring my
doorbell excuse me I think I heard
someone just ring my doorbell excuse me
did your about just now yeah
hey uh Turkey over there trying to ring
my doorbell knock it off
where's Boston go show me Boston hey
little doorbell pitcher you ringing my
doorbell I'm gonna ring your bell I'll
ring your bell this is my list of things
to get done today and some of them are
already been done and I keep whittling
it down and I kind of like seeing my
list because when I used to work on this
farm as a kid the owner had a little
pocket they always keep his listing and
every day he'd rewrite it out but he'd
take off what he put on kind of loved it
I feel like that and this is something
bonding always does and that's how she
gets so much crap done during the day
what I'm trying to adopt it one of the
things I had to take care of today was
getting my membership changed at the gym
I've been coming here for a couple years
now and I changed to a new gym which I'm
going to talk about and show at a later
date it is awesome
anyway I came in because I thought oh
I've had the membership paid for I'm
gonna have to eat all that money or try
and sell it lose it anyway no we were
terminated me and Bonnie's policies were
cancelled long time ago if you are a
spider and are trying to crawl around in
my house it is not gonna work anymore
I've got these traps set up all over the
place behind the water softener behind
the washing machine and there are a few
more various places that I want to put
these things to hopefully keep the
spiders now I don't really know how well
they work but to my wife will be very
happy knowing that they're there you two
are the luckiest kids in the world you
know why you get a pick Tomatoes you get
a chore fill that bowl lady the tomatoes
will come on really really strong really
really fast and we are not eating them
fast enough to leave them on the vine
and just pick them as we need them so we
got to pick up as much as you can let's
pick some good ones not sure is go put
that one in the bowl here set the bowl
down Olivia yep set the bowl there right
here and leave it there don't drop them
in hard just set Amin nice instead of a
nice
it's gonna be look at all the red get
home
you what what were they doing fine is
kinda like bleep oh hey you got too
many sweetie you're gonna bruise the
tomatoes dolly good go take what you got
you got to be real delicate with the
tomatoes holy cats look at this I
honestly don't think we've ever had a
crop this thick the early girls really
really planted up very well this year
there are two breeds of tomatoes that I
really like the early girls which is
what we mostly have and then there's the
beefsteak
they get ginormous one of those is
perfect for a tomato sandwich
okay so we're treated right now right
this way and Cody is peaking really good
ones and she's picking really good one
you can see back here there's a really
ripe one that's what kind of red you
want today people got to cover my zit so
I can go even though more people in this
world have seen me in my rub no makeup
then anyone has ever thought of seeing
me with my makeup done so all right my
mug is ready I am done putting my makeup
on my skin like it hurts like I think it
looks fine now like looking at it it's
like okay my makeups on my skin looks
okay but it hurts your mug this old
thing me and my siblings were meeting at
my parents house we're gonna work on
some bottling we're documenting at
people that's right okay have a good day
Thanks whose perfume is it I use it
sparingly we got the little bottle
something that I am really bad at is I
wear a lot of perfume like one spray is
not enough I might just yeah but I like
it cuz its you smell good all day yeah
great bye puppy food starts downstairs
but no question Thank You bud
hand me another 100 thank you
look at you bouncing up those stairs oh
that's your hand on your hip when you do
that dip you dip whoa tough guy I was
supposed to record a clip we're here
we're canning this is Audrey we're all
pooped and now we're done I said Jules
did okay they didn't record a clip he's
like well one would be nice
here's the one clip the latest clip ever
I can't say just canned these they just
can't be you could show more of what
you're doing
everyone goes wait no really that's the
clip I was like yes tell me how to vlog
I've been doing this for three years
she's the oh gee that means original
gangster I've got you gathered in this
bedroom because we have a problem all of
the lights are burning out and they need
to be replaced and there is a lesson to
be learned there every Monday night we
have family home evening we call it four
we gather together as a family we share
a simple message whether it's church
related or where it's like family rules
related whatever it is do it once a week
and that's what we're doing tonight and
I feel bad that mom's away but we're
gonna have it nonetheless and we are
gonna have an analogy of light bulbs
it's just kind of what I came up with
it's a task we need to get done so if
you're two birds one stone might kind of
lesson again still wrong come again
nope one two three four five six seven
wait a minute a light bulb and eight
let me how's that light bulb that's a
smoke detector busted there's a row of
three and then another row of three and
there's a row of two whatever you're
making oh I see I see I see now I get it
there's illumination breath to my mind
you thought I was over replacing the
ones that are out right yeah that is
only well I've confused everybody
there's six bulbs that are bad and so I
start fresh and then those other two I'm
actually gonna use out in this room so
that we can have some lighting out there
too
anyway we are gonna go ahead and have
our family home evening lesson and
hopefully calm down for the rest of
nights over
I'm talking to you buddy talking to you
that was actually really high but if you
liked the video give it a thumbs up if
you're new to the channel subscribe and
if you are subscribed double check your
notifications make sure you are not
missing out on any of our Channel bye
guys
I
