daddy's outside can you go get him he's
gonna leave you her me yeah hurry okay
are you gonna let go of my leg long
enough to go with dad you don't want to
go with Lincoln and Daddy
fine you win change of plans you can
stay with me nope you're gonna starve
your scary dinosaur you're gonna kill it
because guess what I'm not I knew
there's gonna be a pile of spider in the
clean towels you see that huge black
spot right there yeah look at that
flippin spider and he's like curled up
his legs are around his body
oh all right do your thing you have to
get him on the first round
I screamed earlier the kids were like
there's a spider go help Mom smash him
just smash them good against the wall
one two three go and love you so much
for being a strong enough okay one two
three go smash it dead the first time
now go Lincoln and I had to come down to
Salt Lake to run some errands and if we
ever come past Farmington station and I
have a chance I stop at set a bellows
for the best pizza I've ever had in my
life
you excited bad this is our first time
ever getting gelato from stead of
bellows i'm swatching the water he
doesn't know what to focus on more the
water balance or the gelato
we found him we lost and we found him we
lost them he is going back and forth
between these things this is not funny
Cody's crying I've screamed that 20
times we all feel like we're covered in
spiders I had the house sprayed I don't
know what's going on what is this braced
up isn't working : you're trying to
drink the syrup again thinking wreck
America mommy what we got go take that
to mommy
this one is not for you this one is for
and who do you think it's got a pink on
the back with a little submarine like I
thought the submarines were more boy
because it was yellow and pink I thought
that's Olivia's submarine but you can't
use that until your little stitches are
healed up okay darling it's a bird it's
a plane it's it's a rocket there's two
Rockets one for Korean Buffalo diem
Boston huh you're sure no this is for
you okay how many of you guys have used
C we found it on our cruise the only
reason I got it was because when I was
walking past the store I saw that it was
a perfume store I was like I'm not going
in and then there was like everything's
40% off I don't want to know how much
the full bottle is I know I got a Weedle
bottle yeah so use this sparingly
favorite part about these bath bombs is
seeing the residue in the tub when
Bonnie's done I don't know why I love
same
Boston has been begging for bath bombs
look he's the reason I went in Joel came
home with a cute surprise for me and I
actually have something behind my back
for Joel it's not my flat is it I'm
afraid you're gonna be mad at me though
I got more binky's for Lincoln thank you
Lincoln has been using our well he bites
them and so if I were to take his Bing
he's away right now he wouldn't have a
binky and he would be totally fine it
wouldn't be a fight cuz all the ones he
has they don't work because they all
have holes in them so I don't need to
buy him but I just wanted to have them
and I was walking past the baby aisle
today and it was the realization like I
don't need anything from the baby aisle
I just wanted to was like I had to I was
like my hand was just like you need to
buy baby stuff
Lincoln good morning he has his backpack
on first thing
well happy Saturday it's actually a real
costume Oh My heck okay don't hit the
ceiling fan please Olivia made this she
found the felt in my closet and she made
a Halloween costume for her American
Girl make a jagwire dress so good
let's see your finger this morning is
just looking pretty good great when
Olivia goes to school we put bandages on
it and when she gets home we let it air
out this is smart it's rubber it's
rubbery so let me go down cootie says I
never trick him because I never trick
him tricked me Saturday morning people
good morning
Cody Maggie Lydia miss O'Dare world
no I love cookie too but I love you more
is that what you're doing
olivia is bandaging up her American Girl
doll finger you little sneaky boy you're
supposed to be getting in the car and
you're a little gremlin getting into all
the cereal on the floor she would go she
would go it was a beautiful Saturday
morning and Joel had the brilliant idea
to come down and check out the farmers
market we've wanted to do that all
summer and finally we're coming to do it
got Lincoln down for a little nap as you
can see the kids have demolished a
watermelon and we were kind of bored and
didn't know what to do so I throw it
good job Joel and I are getting ready
for date night I came downstairs and
what did you say to mama
you would scan those eyelashes and you
carry on your Halloween banking mess do
you feel like my face looks a little bit
like Halloween II yeah so my date night
makeup apparently looks like Halloween
makeup so that's nice it's officially
time for date night we are all here at
TopGolf
we're gonna have a little family date
night
there little guy right there it almost
did you in the back of the hand they
asked us earlier well hammer you and
he's off in what sport and by the chance
you might be golfing today
I'll only keep the good ones
and it it then
we just started on our self injecting
donut holes I feel like we're all two
years old again
as you guys can tell by the blog we have
such a good weekend it was so much fun
it was busy yeah it was busy if you guys
want a different like side of us if you
want to follow me on Instagram a lot of
times on the weekend since we don't post
I do a lot of Instagram stories so you
guys can follow me there if you want to
but anyway we're gonna close the vlog we
love you guys give us video a thumbs up
if you enjoyed it let us know what you
think about if you don't wanna kiss
either way it thumbs up I will see you
guys tomorrow bye guys bye guys
