I gave it another go we tried crock-pot
overnight
steel-cut oats and this time was such a
success Cody
you are exaggerating for the camera and
I know it it's not that bad we are
eating on last night's dirty table I did
not do the dishes so we are using
plastic spoons I was worried about
showing my face and Olivia said I think
you look beautiful thank you sweetie I'm
totes gonna show you how I make these
outs tonight did you make your bed did
you make your bed did you brush your
teeth and did you brush your teeth
good job guys and it even looks like you
did your own hair did you do your own
hair today maybe I can help you with
that and you want your hair done this
morning yeah looks wonderful after
looking at the kid's hair this morning I
realized the Livia can do her hair
better than I ever could and I think
last year was probably the last year of
me doing her hair was kind of fun that
was a big deal to learn how to do that
kind of stuff those doing the dishes oh
just leave the water turn it on low
that'll be the oats for food Barbara
double pause I'm out of gas makeup Julie
never had a lesson so um laughter I know
I did him didn't let his sink that's why
I'm the whole unit we never had food
you're a baby I'm a baby
what who's that after dude
do you know what my favorite part about
having the kids go back to school I was
like that mean you're just gonna hang
out yeah you're like that yeah but I
really wanna be a flying public solar
today the problem is is I really want to
get him son because he's just so cute
you're just so cute just have you oh I
was trying to think of a meal that would
sound really good to my kids and my kids
love tacos so we came and we got the
meat we have tomatoes in the garden
lettuce cheese few other things got some
more oatmeal for our breakfast do you
like eating tacos for dinner no need
even car yeah these are the best all
right you're gonna help me yeah you have
two bags yeah busting us we'll just
carry one and no come on you guys stand
up you got to use two hands okay
Boston was not helping very well come
back and get help me when you're done
with that one
uh-huh and then when you're done come
back and help me with this one oh yeah
yeah Boston wait Oh cake when we go in
we'll be extra quiet because I think
Lincoln's taking his nap okay I can't go
stake it take it straight to the kitchen
go out to the congas
I'm cooking up dinner right now oh my
gosh the lens is fogging we're going to
the Ohana adventure family we're doing a
livestream at their place tonight and
Olivia and Cody will not be done with
school in time so we have a babysitter
coming over and I just want to make sure
that they have a good dinner prepared
for them so that when I'm gone they can
still be good he's asking for Cody and
Olivia he is obsessed we had to wake him
up from his nap and he is not a happy
camper
yeah did dad just close the door your
hair looks a little cray-cray
it looks like Professor Oh No yeah back
to the future
we made it we're here Boston you slept
the whole way up here he's still waking
up Canadian yes this could be fatal
Oh Lincoln your hair is what did she
give you we just got done doing the live
stream and it was a lot funnier than I
thought it was gonna be not that I
didn't in the background big gamer no
we're cheaters at games like we're
cheaters a game yes so but like trivia
is my favorite thing in the world
I think that's what was fun and like
when we were kind of like playing with
the kids and maybe I'm not a kid person
but when the kids like stopped and we
were just like doing you two like
battling that was fun I liked that it
was fun until you wanted him to beat me
in arm wrestling no I was really
disappointed that you guys didn't arm
wrestle no can I record you almost like
if we can like one two and then you look
like Oh
we made a home and the kids are all in
bed and I told you guys I would show you
how I made my oatmeal so I've got 2 cups
of steel-cut oats in here I'm gonna add
2 teaspoons of vanilla which I kinda I
mean I don't know how much that is but
it calls for two teaspoons
it calls for 8 cups of liquid I did half
water and half milk if any of you guys
have any tips on how to make this less
gooey maybe you could let me know and
then it also calls for cinnamon so I'm
going to do two teaspoons of cinnamon
and then you leave it in the crock pot
on low for 7 hours so when Jill wakes up
to go running he just turns it off and
then two hours later we get up and eat
it and it's perfect so at least we've
only done that once so I don't know if
you guys have any tips for overnight
oatmeal let me know because I wish that
it was a little less of gooey we were
thinking of maybe rinsing the oats but I
don't really know anyway we'll see you
guys tomorrow morning we love you so
much thanks for watching and we'll see
you guys tomorrow
you
