you press good morning you guys we woke
up this morning and we looked at the
calendar last night before we're going
to bed and we were like we don't have
anything on the calendar so we're going
to make breakfast this morning together
and just enjoy a leisure morning I love
mornings like that I feel like we
haven't really had too many of them just
some crazy Joel is going to be cooking
breakfast and I want you guys to set the
table can you guys do that okay you guys
set the table I'm excited because
today's video is sponsored by audible
all has a huge online library that you
can go and pick out any book you want
and listen to it the reason I like to
listen to books is because I can't sit
down and read a book and I can't say
focus but when the kids are out playing
the yard when I'm driving and I like to
listen to it when Joel and I were in the
airport from going to Jamaica for did we
go where do we go Obama's the Bahamas
moving to the Bahamas we listen to a
book together on my phone like a
marriage book and I want to show you
guys the book that my friend recommended
to me it's called bringing up baby and
it's by Pamela Drucker 'men basically
it's all about the way that the French
raise their babies versus the way the
Americans raise their baby and so I
would put my phone right here all summer
and you can see I didn't even plan that
the kids are outside planning on the
swing set and that's what they would do
they would be playing out in the yard
and I would be listening to my book if
you guys want to try it out audible will
give you 30 days for you to try it out
go to audible.com slash Barney you can
choose any book that you want in the
library and even if you decide not to
sign up you can keep the but don't give
them an onion it's like no good let me
see them an onion yeah he's like no you
can have a should we show them what
we're doing for breakfast no this is
incredible actually this has changed my
life you things have changed my life
I've learned this this practice past
it's called freezer bag omelettes so you
get your freezer bag has to be freezer
bag and you put your omelet ingredients
in there all the six ones in there and
you prep your eggs in the bags for nomad
we can oh no no no okay
no we're thinking we're thinking
listener what are you a baby
what are you two then you seal up your
bag but you have to get all the air out
or else you allows almost do it pop
really no yes and then you just mix it
all together and this is the fun part
mix it all together
you know also at the bottom do not put
your teeth in the bag yeah that's you
for when you're done I am actually a
little nervous for this because I've
never watched to make these before so I
don't really know how these are going to
turn out one done just set it in the
boiling water Parker you click down I
know that's hot you're okay nice clothes
like you're just being a top guy right
now and just set it in the water and
kind of wait till it's cooked yeah it
takes about 10 to 15 minutes
really and even if the outside feels
firm the inside is not so give it extra
long
after a sperm and boil I put the cheese
on the bottom so it will melt and you
simply put on your flesh it's kind of I
mean I don't want to say I'm appetizing
I'm not actually it's really great
omelette burrito so that looks really
great and you can either keep it in the
bags you guys keep it in the bag
and just oh no you put it up it's like
service only you'll ever eat is that if
you don't let it cook long enough it
will be running in the inside good well
some people might like that like that
oh that's awesome okay Chloe I know you
do not like eggs but you have to eat
your breakfast this morning okay
there is mushrooms but you just if you
eat it all together you're not going to
notice what's in it okay Cody hate
scrambled eggs but I traveled it my kids
eat scrambled eggs but that's a song
okay so I do want to show that's extra
stuff there's no mess we don't have
anything that we have to clean up
there's no pan we just have to rinse the
water out we have the dishes that we
press on Joel that is such a fun
breakfast thank you yes thank you like
that yeah yeah moment of truth
mom the truth yeah they're going to say
well yeah I know you think I just sent
my elbow on the table to like stabilize
the camera I hit my elbow the other day
and I swear to you I chipped the tip of
the bone off mail it hurts so bad
yummy so yeah so I got Tommy what do you
think oh man there's a little one
you don't have to I put it on there in
case you wanted it you know you think
that that's yogurt that is most
definitely not yogurt sour cream I'll
try the yogurt just a minute
very worried about this yogurt situation
got to get all the fixings the salsa I
like it I know what it does when you
boil it like that usually when you make
eggs you taste the egg a lot but it
takes all like the bell pepper and stuff
and really brings the flavor into the
eggs that is a good way to make your
eggs good we're there slugger - they are
they're totally fluffier well the kids
have summoned me outside they're like we
want to do it shall I show you have a
cracker yes you are so filthy I did not
approve the water or by the sandbox so
there's some mud going on right now so
they're washing up their hands but they
said mom we have a tell I saw that we
want to show to you so we are going to
sit down and have a dinner show come out
here on the grass so that you can
actually get cleaned up there you go Wow
Olivia you are very strong thank you are
you guys gonna do it over here okay oh
this is the perfect seat so we will be
playing skit and what it is called my
video is Avengers whatever okay marvel
marvel marvel avengers yeah and you can
see the guys when it's good enough okay
so I need to hide this because this is
not part of the play the cast is getting
ready at the moment so we'll just we're
having some costume malfunctions
we're having a we're having a show I'm
not exactly sure what's going to go on
here but we'll find out together okay
Oh
what are you boys doing out here hey hey
you going to stop fighting all going
what but if we should
what are you married wife is probably
yes I will carry you then the guys are
cheese on my own oh you're running into
the grapevine forest now nothing for now
yes never ever house likes know why she
falls down somebody has to kiss her
um yeah 20 where again thank you I think
I did worked
look and he was at her own okay
can't what look I'm not going to kiss
her yeah okay do you Captain America
take Elsa to be your wife
yes do you Elsa take Captain America to
be your husband I do first you may now
kiss the superhero wonderful okay on
that on that awesome now we are going to
close the blog we hope you guys have a
really awesome weekend well thank you
for the ad visage
okay video we did just your video yeah
yeah yeah yeah okay we hope you guys
have a really awesome weekend thank you
guys so much for watching if you guys
enjoyed this video give the kids a
thumbs up for their awesome original
what would we even call that original
Avengers play original superhero play
something like that don't forget to
check out all the links in the
description for you guys and we'll see
you in our next video bye
