code you got a hurry I may or may not be
happy to feed Cody he just sleep in our
room last night
yes I'm babying him over a little too
Mike I think that we need to give Cody a
little attention right now anyway all
the kids woke up super late because of
daylight saving signs at one hour just
throw job no it doesn't throw you off at
home you can swing up an hour late
because we're pre-programmed to be able
to say that as an excuse but it's no
different than flying in other light
that we've stayed up an extra hour then
why did all the kids sleep in this for
the NBN wake them up for me cuz they
stayed up late plenty time last night or
I mean one time this year there's plenty
of time for the kids in have you woken
up agree to disagree disagree to agree
to disagree
you just pop you for five minutes I take
them off now he's our main crap slowpoke
you're holding up the show today make
sure your face is nice and lotion that
before we go to the doctor's today
bravery knows why because that's why
because great because I think they're
gonna do it right here do what wait this
thing it's anything is this I promise
you today that's not what they're doing
he's just gonna look at it okay you guys
I have been dying to wear these on
camera since we launched our Bali
clothing line they have been sitting in
my closet and I haven't been able to
show them to you guys because we didn't
want to show them until we launched our
website but the website is now live so
you guys can go check them out if you
want to before we go to the surgeon
today I have a little surgery to do
myself there was an unfortunate nail
accident this morning oh I hate glue it
never works it's probably all dried up
in the thing
are you absolutely kidding me seriously
why hasn't the world come up with
superglue that doesn't glue your lid
shut and that doesn't dry out after one
use Oh got some glue got some glue be
very careful here it's a very delicate
procedure put it on your nail I am gonna
heal my nail back on oh this is very
scary oh I suck my nail appointment
isn't for a few weeks so we're gonna do
what we can yeah this just might do the
trick
Bree locked in and she's like oh my gosh
I love your leggings I didn't tell her
to say that she's not just flattering me
do you really mean it he wants to go in
your car are you guys gonna go to the
grocery store today
oh great maybe you can get a treat thank
good I see pizza night
don't twist your finger in her hair that
hurts do it's your own o P say bye-bye
ya know see you later
let's do that there we go to the doctor
being nervous
there's no need to be nervous little man
you guys remember Boston was playing at
at Ellie's house he spun around and he
smacked his nose on the corner of the
couch we waited for the swelling to go
down before we'd brought him into the
doctors and after I was looking at it I
know he didn't break his nose but we
wanted a plastic surgeon to look at the
cartilage so that's the first
appointment that we're gonna be going to
today but first we're gonna try this new
bakery it's new to us you're right it is
a German Bakery and Richard saying
you're German
I said we'll chase good to us Oh nuts
Oh
little boy
I wasn't always good to him - cool
he tried her with him
ready
so apparently coming to the Children's
Hospital where we're supposed to go is
now we're supposed to go to but a bit
we're okay right we're gonna go across
the sky bridge but hurry I was gonna say
those leggings make you look very fast
like Bali fast nope but follow
we'll come your way
start to believe
we made it into the doctor's office like
running and then we sat and waited for a
really long time I'm like we have
surgery later today so we have to be out
by a certain time so we're gonna see
what it's such a cute picture what the
doctor has to say doctor we're ready for
you mmm I'll tell the doctor go away
since Boston's asleep but that's a ring
I'm joining a rain wondering so this one
has a ring this one has a little
stretchy boys like there's a diamond
mm-hmm or there's like weird sings or a
dog or an army guy the doctor says that
it's a hematoma yeah yeah like that bled
inside and just kind of stayed as a
bubble inside now it's just hardening
and got a slowly dissolve yeah so he
said give it six months to a year and
kind of rub it the same way you do with
like scar scar tissues to break it up
there it is state capital you'd be good
for Grandma okay let's go get you in her
car one doctor right this way goofy hey
turn around look what are you doing you
have fun okay
be good like that well we were shopping
like teenagers in American Eagle thought
we had an hour and a half nope
half hour it's two o'clock till surgery
is at two I'm sorry I'm running late I
was hadn't changed my clock for daylight
savings time so we're running just a few
minutes late I think I feel a little
more nervous than you do
I just want it to work it's not a
hundred percent chance that it will work
so I just pray that it want that are in
our favor than anything else
yeah those get those sweaty socks off
during the last thing I wanted to do is
make the doctor nervous so I am going to
turn the camera off and we'll show you
when your surgery's over okay we're done
okay you got one done one two go Joel
yeah I'm texting my dad the same thing I
had to move up here bye Joel because I
was worried I was gonna have to like
well you had a nice surgery I might be
are you okay well he did I I mean it was
just a little intense cause like it's an
in-office procedure so when he cut it
open I was just like okay I can do that
and then he like smiling yeah I was like
oh like I could feel my face getting
white like feels like are you okay I'm
like okay having surgery you come lay
down on the bed
I'll stand can you just hug that please
I need to lay down and with Joel being
is that it is what what happened I can
do this surgery on the floor
but my plates it's cool I wanted I
wanted something from your smart to
think of that and you're known where Bob
is gonna tight
how do you feel walking my toes don't
feel like that flexing so it feels funny
here they are but I don't feel them
flexing is it weird that I hate that
you're walking on them I might give this
man a wheelchair I feel like it's
released before it always felt like it
was bone on bone but it was never a bone
issue but now it just feels like there's
just releasing my feet so I don't know
if that's just the numbness surface like
the nerves being fixed or what yeah I'm
the only one that cried in there here's
a little tip don't take Bonnie to
surgery I love when I can get Josephus
say oh my god no seriously you just go
see if I can get a gold star okay I had
to get three little shots in each foot
and then it was like that big but it was
about how white was it about as white as
that and then they shoved that down my
foot and let me put the medicine through
it Bonnie wanna go yeah I'm fine I
couldn't see anything I couldn't see
past my feet so I was good so Bonnie can
see everything got a little woozy
I made her I was like you come sit by me
up here in the Drucker's like are you
okay
a pair of shoes but I knew I was gonna
trash these and sure enough yeah went
through on the way home yep and he got
rid of his old slippers because they
were like cheap e these are cheap E -
and they were making his feet stink
anyway so we had to stop and give him
some slippers so we didn't get blood on
the floor
my body's taken care of today okay I
think they're gonna end the vlog here so
I can get the kids taken care of and
situated before I have to take Olivia to
piano lesson so you guys thank you so
much for watching give Joel a big thumbs
up to tell him get well okay see you
guys later bye
