you guys want to go say happy birthday
Lincoln is happy birthday she sounds
ticked so let's go and chin up talking
did you see the balloons he's not
impressed become steeper than yeah I
know I can smell him last night when we
cameras abused balloons in Lincoln's
room he was asleep and I thought okay
I'll just put him in here when he's
asleep the balloons are mostly for you
guys though this morning Justin would be
a cute surprise and Lincoln woke up is
all food good food stuff like please
enough like go back to sleep and yes is
left in his club gently everybody
pleasing clothes comfortable color
clothes below her feet
you bet um my top children eat pie maker
yeah first failing
you
oh happy birthday so Olivia should we
show him what happened to your lips
last night you kids did not go to sleep
they were supposed to be in bed
come here you don't want to show him it
actually looks a million times better
than last night long story short Boston
jumped on top of Cody Cody was on top of
Olivia and Cody's teeth went through
Olivia's lip and I don't like it when it
hit like - yeah so I'll be soft don't
buy it oh you've got still went through
my life and any cuts my god by my teeth
I have this tooth that I got through it
yeah so cut here and I don't know if it
went through it or if it just because
it's cut on this side as well I don't
know if it went through or not and then
it was on her guns
I'm not lifted up all the ways that
heard to the guns ride Webber tooth was
all cut and bleeding in the ride there
so call it right now and I'll pop is
Olivia popped a balloon I love this I
moved in here happy birthday yeah happy
okay oh happy horse sighs woman so
please okay every room I'd I think it
river in Oh get that popcorn oh can you
please go put the bowl in the sink
can you go put this in the sink and call
me
Oh Cooper kuribon the sinks a career
ball I see
Oh King is that Lincoln think you just
said Lincoln even birthday boys have to
take naps you know we've been really
lazy all morning and I thought oh I like
getting the kids all the way ready on
their birthday you can take a good
picture so I look nice on the logs and
today we have been tired and cranky I
see
yeah that's Lincoln put the viewfinder
down so you don't see that anyway so
it's just been a really quiet live
morning yeah yeah thank you let's see
camera okay big camera okay good too
soon twist it twist rinky twist it twist
it
and I thought Lincoln does not care if I
have my makeup on Lincoln does not care
if you have a picture taken we'll take
one later but we're all going to have a
low quiet time you're going to take it
up and then we'll celebrate your
birthday
all right let's slow you down and when
you wake up we'll party party okay
can you say party party hi okay you guys
are doing a pretty good job pill on the
corn while he didn't his second one so
he's not moving very fast service this
is my chorus now those minutes report
okay let me see that last one Boston yes
let me see that one
Kody when you okay now we've got to
clean up the mess out there
while the boys finish cleaning of that
I'm going to peel the little hairs that
they didn't get and get the corn boiling
yes Lincoln is up from his nap and he's
not even happy and we're all in our
swimsuits and ready to go swimming I
wanted but Hindman
look we're going to go get a present she
was show him his present yep everyone's
in there so we'll woman and I speak
around all right okay I'm sending them
in sure you see your present and quiet
guy is literally the only thing that
this boy cares about correct come on pal
oh I think every birthday party we get
the comment where are you wanting the
other tooth open the present as long as
the birthday child isn't upset oh that's
scary little devil just like you who
gave that to Lincoln me Wow okay for
what it could be Olivia Olivia helps it
Boston wrap it up set people when the
kids help but I don't care I don't mind
the kids are having fun you know all he
wants and as long as the birthday boys
happy then we're okay you don't let me
unwrap any okay yeah because that we
makes a perfect girl unhappy oh are you
going to open that Lincoln can you
believe Lincoln's two years old how many
of you guys watch his first novel be
here oh never got magnetized
Oh open
he had these at my whoa he has these at
my dad's house and I thought he was too
young for him but he really liked them
apparently you nice some oh boy okay
good job Lincoln although that was super
strong Wow I make and I made diaper
binky can see it with a mobile honey I
said makin them Olivia
love Olivia I do have to show this
Olivia made these for Lincoln uh knowing
the numbers I didn't know his eye itself
okay made a ring and a bracelet those
are he goes we and I know she stayed up
all night doing
construction I'm joking I'm entrusting
bacony others come
what kind of cool good a heart
charm in look open your hand here and
there you go it might be a little tight
that's really cute
can you say thank you to Olivia thank
you why yeah I thank you i yeah it's
such a relief when he opens his present
goes smooth it just means he likes it at
all you want I'm stressing about what to
get two-year-old why he would actually
play with I think this is a present for
the entire family I think Brooks is
excited for it hey yeah Reagan left I'm
sorry because I know that he is like
really wanting to keep happy birthday
bud don't you chuck take now okay Aaron
have a cupcake Jack okay oh yeah I
didn't even make your face shake shake
so yeah darn right they are they got
mom's frosting on them let me take your
wrapper off for you
no he'd prefer the tinfoil just he
doesn't have any cavities yet he's okay
what you need to say yes no he doesn't
okay Wow
York whoops chuckling
good job this is where I should be
Oh
running careless
take all the basil tree
Oh
so many ways this look like a fun place
to eat yeah we thought we were like okay
what could where can we go to eat that
we can be in our swimsuits but eat
outside those are this looks fun I see I
think we could get a big ice cream to
share yes one thing Joel and I are
talking about on the way here is that it
is definitely time for the kids to go
back to school there they have been
fighting like cats and dogs it has made
us crazy and Joel said the cars I get
school starts next week some thought
right I'll tell you how this happened
there's a dirty bitch you can't go to
Sue's and like look how they spit on him
they're just like and Boston's sure is
so over surrett we just wanted to use
and abused the suits that they had and
when we go on today they're going in the
garbage can like we're putting I know oh
I know when the white oh they've been a
lot of places those butts have been a
lot of places how old are you how old
are you thank you you too do you guys
understand that this is our last hoorah
before the summer is over oh yeah happy
birthday sweet boy you're 2 years old
and you got a roadie can all of you guys
say happy birthday to Lincoln happy
driving yes he's like I'm really care
thank you guys so much for watching
Lincoln's birthday vlog thank you guys
for the birthday wishes and we'll see
you guys in our next vlog bye
you
