I came upstairs this morning and I'm
trying to find Cody look outside he has
scissors and he's just cut in the grass
you know what every six-year-old boy
does it probably really is what every
six-year-old boy does good morning you
guys
and as promised we're doing a paw patrol
video this morning and little Boston
made sure that first thing this morning
I knew that it was paw patrol day right
yeah where were you hiding all the paw
patrols
I remember we named the toy closet
hiding in a little cubby yeah where do
you go there that's where they're going
to go now so do you want to do it in
here or do you want to go outside
how come okay let's do it
so what did you have in mind for your
video what do you want to do um you can
be with everyone you Luis it's all do
whatever I want I do a lot of stuff I
can that well you know I'm major okay so
let's put the guys in the cars that they
belong to because of that sound okay
already any car much so as I help you I
did that one for you okay dedicated okay
so you're just teeny you're like the
size of the van hello hey guys this is
not a van it is a air patroller where
did you get that guy Josh to move to
eater this is what interests me gaining
this major grain truck and let the guy
do it
I tell guys this is onion and this is oh
this is your video Sena honey this is
your video I'm recording you like a
laser we can only taste alright
okay now he's getting into it okay you
just left the place you saw now there's
no clothes on a seat so we can fall out
I chase him swallow so his name is chase
what are the other guys names and rubble
John Marshall I should the red one
called this is point but I will go ahead
and get look very nice blue what we have
right here remember sir that we have it
can you shoot us you know how ya can't
see you are so good at that Wow
as I shake it is it way he spells out he
stayed in and that's how it seems
McKinney he upset me thank you your
honor
this is wonderful so inches waterfall
Tonto what goes in the bus rumbles up
put your metal to the pedal
thank you that is magic
oh right he went it was going too slow
thanks for watching my helpful video
oh yeah I'll try it all over all right
Boston is reenacting everything that he
just did again for Olivia and Cody I
hope that did not disappoint
I love the kids have watched us make
videos and now they're wanting to make
their own I mean obviously they're not
you're like have their own channel or
anything but I think that if they want
to record a paw patrol video we can
throw it in there and or no I think it's
really sweet
yeah or a snake making video if you guys
saw that one I'll put it in the iCard up
here so are you done out here I'm
watching a different body was like
questioning I wasn't questioning I was
just wanting to make sure I didn't know
what you were doing I guess let's do
differently no I really got no I don't I
think that I'm 90 day what I think of
the rubber on this one is darker but
that's just because it's dirty now know
what have a different sentence get now
no I think they're both a nice white no
this is a more gray white yes you can
write white and ever
and he was bright wise okay I took a
before and after picture of our garage
door from a long time ago the before
picture was not very good as shady but
it was the one chance I had chills are
starting to demolish the garage before
him to take of a course it was like
right that second or nothing we just
came into the pol box to check our mail
oh when we had that and it smells like
doctors
okay can you find box 23 something very
in order not we're not really an order
oh they're really not in order that's so
weird okay I'll sign 23 nope okay let's
walk around the corner oh I see it okay
good
Olivia will open it and Cody you can
pull the box out you will watch how
about I let you open a Boston sometimes
we get packages in the mail from you
guys and I just want to say thank you
they're always the sweetest this
particular one she said I saw you in
Disneyland run past us and I wasn't able
to find you again
so we're sorry we missed you but thank
you very much for the true okay how rude
I was up there sending a package
impossible yes
your hair's messed up I was like ah make
a lady laughs so the Slovo brigade and
you know what one time and I leave you
you were not walking fast and up Kaiba
clubs was like one time Aunt Linda we
picked her up for a wedding and her bear
was not the most attractive thing that
day she looked at my mom said Oh
Jennifer to say Jennifer
the first husband on summer break so
hurt
you forgot to tell your hair and we were
on our way to a wedding my look was like
thanks Linda all right you big piece of
crap now how am I supposed to get into
my car Cody can you smash it for me use
your finger if dad is here he'd use a
senior smashing or it'll fall what a big
thing okay and that just freaked me out
the tassels to my pants were tickling my
leg I was like ah another spider we
haven't done very much back-to-school
shopping this year because I like to
wait more towards the fall but something
that we have to have is new underwear
you guys want to pick out what kind of
underwear you want I need one from this
one there's a little longer we're here
we're in the boys section so let me sign
for right side Oh huge sizes you know
what I people get you the bigger size
and just see how that goes
Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday guys
that uh Sunday do you give a kind you
want Boston yeah good boy I got it when
you realize that instead that like it
touch the ceiling when you threw it up
yeah are you serious Megan pumpkin oh my
gosh and I it's not like we have video
proof to say otherwise so Wow
wanna go look actually that's a really
cute backpack Cody do you like that you
don't really love it
cans I'll just go up this house okay
when you grow up you can get a backpack
I'll be obviously he's not going to get
the same one can Roy me and you've got
some work to do your room is a disaster
and it is going to be your birthday
tomorrow and you cannot have a dirty
room for your birthday okay yeah your
birthday so let's clean your room and
you'll be all ready for tomorrow this
cool hey guys stay in here no I got seen
here daddy hold on you're staying here
with daddy and then cleaning this by
myself you're coming with me buddy we
got to get you out of this house for a
minute so mom can do her work I've got
to go run chimeric one of those errands
happens to be buying his birthday
present I don't think that's that big of
a faux pas for him to come with me at
the store to vice president because he's
only two no you don't know any better
yeah see just like that I would like to
show everybody a little something I just
caught a rig alive with my hand in the
air that's awesome we caught it but it's
gross but they're around what one-handed
vinaigrette Papa Lincoln's birthday
cupcakes require three eggs so each one
of you get to do one egg I don't know
why yes I don't know why I let you guys
do this because that's like all they ask
for go ahead I'm all nervous I get
hmm all right to be honest oh when is it
time oh wait okay just do it I guess wow
this is what happens when the cameras
out okay go ahead you gotta just do it
no you gotta okay yeah um eat you it
here places I'll help peel that top part
off go ahead go go go
there we go in your che there's a new
chick okay all cheese okay seriously
yikes okay we have a shaking hold my
hand hold my heart there you go what
what was that there's like some cars
okay good thing these are for anybody
else except us now the wioletta kids do
that it's stressing me out
messy is gross you guys I think we are
going to close the blog by making
Lincoln's birthday cupcakes yes tomorrow
is his birthday but you will not see his
birthday blog until Monday we have a
separate blog going up on Saturday oh my
you give me the minimum no it doesn't
matter you don't get it I'm sure that's
not why you really popped with them
please do not touch his gum if I see
done outside of your mouth they go in
the garbage laughs almost
mm just just minute next tomorrow is
Lincoln's birthday we are preparing for
it this evening you guys will see his
birthday blog on Monday we have a
separate blog going up on Saturday so
just stay tuned for all of that thank
you guys so much for watching
- yeah - oh I'm totally minute
what is he Union was between wrapping
paper many visitors will cost around all
around us
you
