there's grandpa I had my Eagle and this
is great great now this is knowledge
great grandpa
we had a silver beaver right here
so there's uncle beau grandpa and great
grandpa in our Scout uniforms and this
is a uncle bowing me when we worked at
the Olympics this is bad by teaching
bubble how to shave you go very well
always fun to come and grab on grandpa's
house and the cousins are here when they
don't know it feathers hair kind of foam
they're always surprised they're like
hey we have cousins here
whisk goodbye bye bye kids bye Russell
okay bye show me what we're doing right
now we're off us three kids are you
popsicles what kind did you get why
you got cherry you put banana and I got
blueberry and grandma is going on bring
you to the water he didn't know
did you bring you a popsicle did you
know you're not even filming me you're
way down there right everybody can I
have a case
mmm thank you I am sweating like a pig
and I miss you Joel we love you mom and
daddy it's kind of humid out here it's
nice to mow the lawn when it's overcast
but it's really humid so we just sweat
that this how many popsicles have you
had Jerry four five seven popsicles and
still watch what he does when I want to
take one can go ahead win no all right
well I just want one Lincoln Lincoln
give grandma bite you can win straddle
mmm thank you
come here let me show you something fun
we have a tomato salad for dinner yeah
okay pick up the tomato Olivia that is
John life okay well that'll maybe one
more that will feed us lunch okay
find a good red when look get that one
too
good job let me show you something else
do you know that your daddy for
Christmas one year made grandpa and I
that sign you know what it says tomato
we have a great one
he made great yeah he made one of those
for us need pepper and he made him
forget Ruby too let me show you what
else he made he made this call rec for
us to hold all of our tools see that it
has a G on it wash is rag or Griffin
Griffith you want to show me your
handprints do you know what else your
daddy made he made this sign right here
we go on our tree house ha ha ha did you
not know that yeah
and we are so behind on these you know I
don't know let's count how many we got
yeah I mean we got Olivia three four
five six seven eight nine ten new ones
left and how many grandkids are there
there's seventeen well I joined mother
grandmother spider just have one well
I'll just say yes okay I'll say yes and
we'll move on but tell mama that we
didn't get dressed today okay Olivia we
won't tell mama we didn't fix your hair
today we've been working today
come on come on are we going magazine no
not today honey does your mama ever let
a day go by that she doesn't fix your
hair I'm sorry
usually when sometimes on Saturdays
tomorrow we'll get all fixed up okay
good okay
today you'll tip over you'll shift that
over one Boston you'll tip it over I
went is lying well yeah but it's going
to tip over and then you'll bunk your
nose oh yeah you will Boston you are
going to tip that chair over you are and
you will hit your nose yeah you will
that one will at least get fallen your
nose okay boys put it up before you
break grandpa's chair yeah
you know what we don't cry over spilt
milk in this house yeah
aren't you getting a little bit big for
that I'm just getting a little bigger
you are your binky oh you swim to it you
get have it you can't have it you can't
have it
okay you know go sleep for Grandma
Google sleep okay
good night you know yeah I got a feeling
when your mama comes home she's gonna
throw that away
oh you don't like that do you Luke oh
okay good night good night baby cake say
good night
you say I love you I love you grandma I
love you Hannah ha ha
you
Olivia just asked me what the plan was
today
what's the plan today okay I'll tell you
what I was thinking I think it would be
fun to walk down to the corner and get a
treat a pop in a candy bar later today
okay so you know what we got to do we
got to get our work done go get ya gotta
get all the pine cones picked up my
makeup not me but there is not much
going on when did you guys go pick up
the pine cones and did you do it before
I ever asked you to cuz I went out and
left and it was already done look look
at that me you me you did that Boston
when did you do that and when you I were
eating well you're really fast well
really fast you did a super job my
goodness me not lucky and I didn't even
have to tell you to you say it's in the
bucket
work thank you for this
Thank You Cody you can't wait to get out
of here yeah yeah okay
shut it all up there and put it up there
okay oh we've got middle sucker and one
of these some people have some boring
and if you got one you like and then it
comes back okay all the way it was like
like how much is all right we're here oh
yeah okay this is not an exaggeration
I have wore these pants at least six
years at least they were just absolutely
more out look at that look that's a big
rip
mm funny you have a backhand afternoon I
think that's crazy
that is why I didn't show you and the
diverse woman she had them on are you
going to remember going to the candy
store and Grandma ripping her pit
britches
that's a good memory say boys we're good
we're going to go come on hey I was like
maybe we could walk down to our other
grandma and we could maybe see Dipper
a day or two so right now we're looking
for the grandmas
that's what we comprised living to rise
we run away to Grandma Holdings now hey
Lincoln this is pretty fun that you can
walk and we can meet halfway but we
didn't meet halfway
you're a fast Walker we have to walk
very far bye
good job Cody well you guys I hope that
it was clear what was going on in this
video so while Joe and I were on our
cruise my mom and Joel's mom both took
turns watching the kids and they had so
much fun doing edges on the video we
have the kids home now and I just got
done taking care of Cody because he felt
all the way down the stairs and as I was
holding him in the rocking chair rocking
him Lincoln fell down the stairs hill
and bit through his bawd not through but
bit his bottom lip Pat his upper gums it
was a very big nightmare for a long for
a few minutes so anyway now that
everyone is safe and happy and home
you're going to buy this water I just
want to say a very special thank you to
the grandparents for making it possible
for Jill and I to go and celebrate our
10 year anniversary on our crew so thank
you guys so much and thank you guys for
watching this video give it a thumbs up
for all their hard work and we'll see
you guys tomorrow
