we've been in Miami for about a day and
now we are getting ready to board our
first ever
you
Joel and I know that we're going to be
eating a lot so we're going to take the
stairs any type of net we're on floor
nine and I'm like we're taking the
stairs Joel we are going to go we're
going to head to our room and the first
thing we're going to do we're getting
massages we are totally going to get
massages to get us and Mike relaxing
subscribe to take off it would be later
Miami Florida we're waiting for massages
and the body is starting to take off
good morning it is day two last night
was our first night sleeping here
and we woke up to like the loudest rain
on the deck this is another call stack
dock jack jack and we slept with our
door open and it was the most beautiful
sound huh well I got like a full times
during the night huh and we pick them up
every second oh my goodness that's what
I needed to hear that the IRA do too and
I loved it this morning I came out and I
was able to watch the Sun Rise and it
was absolutely beautiful and I just said
my prayers and faked Heavenly Father for
this absolutely beautiful earth
for walking down the street trying to
find some sign up to bust up their
tables or trying to find some sun block
we're kind of coming down these streets
here okay those are adorable I don't
know what or where we would put them but
they're adorable and you know a lot of
people oh my paper I had those for some
reason really these are very cute Olivia
would love them I just want some
sunblock I cannot believe we are doing
this I cannot believe we are here this
place is incredible
look at this seashell the troll found it
has these stripes we're sitting here
walks in the ocean
oh you a movie or Perl Island is
officially my favorite the lighthouse
the beautiful water that all they have
cool places water for us to just sit and
lay and eat we're about to go do a
little something out there in the water
though
check out my beach babes out there
having a good old fat
real quick
when you first walk on to coke okay
there's just tons of these little shops
they've got and there's some cute little
things I told y'all that we are not
buying souvenirs this like trip like we
don't need to but we're seeing stuff
when we're like oh that's cute I think
that absolutely share isn't here because
you like it
yeah I like this ever thank you and I
wear black everything so and that would
be nice and a lighter blue the lighter
blue scale last night at 1:00 in the
morning Joel and I would be like looking
out a hard stick and we caught a swarm
of dolphins we heard at first we heard
it come out and hit the water and we
like look over I asked the bunny we both
look at each other like did you hear
that
and sure enough we looked over again
waited waited waited and we saw them
come up out of the water and like we can
barely see matters focus so hard on
tonight but they were there is a whole
swarm of dolphins news like you hear
laughs out of the water it was cool it
was we both were just like how would you
say now we swear we were the only ones
at Cod on the whole no
I don't know what it was we started
snorkeling out here and also splash back
from Hawaii I don't know there was
jellyfish all around us I knew it we had
a long way to swim out and I just
started panicking and then I just
couldn't read in my mask and I just had
to take it off for a second and cry
water with splash makes my face doing in
my mouth anyway I feel a lot better
ten years ago I'm still a nice honeymoon
we went parasailing we ran through it
again today
oh my God look at this we were up here
I'm so happy to do the experiment joke I
was a little bit hesitant at first but
I'm so happy we're here yeah we totally
did yeah
alright still buying a macaron the size
of a baseball
I think Joel is about to kill me he's
not very happy to start a comment um yes
you this is the first time I'm seeing
you smile like right now so our uber
driver when we were coming into town
told us to come to Winwood and he said
every street for a few blocks is um has
like pretty graffiti made the whole
streets all of them are just like lined
with the art and graffiti and we weren't
really sure what it was going to be and
I think Joel is just not very happy that
we anyway Joel's not be most happy with
me all in all I think our first cruise
was a total success just awesome here I
was awesome the jellyfish freaked me out
and the ocean made me panic for just uno
momento
but this piece is really typed out I
thought it was wonderful oh that is
relaxation headed
we're going to go on another one
sometime I would love to take the kids
on a Disney cruise no time soon but I
think it would be button check out the
description because we will have a few
extra details in there for you guys if
you want to check them out and we'll see
you guys in our next vlog bye it was so
awesome to be disconnected from our
phones and Internet for a full week
opening my phone was scary enough okay
bye guys
