we are taking questions from the video
that we asked you guys to ask us some
personal questions on so we're going to
answer those with us we can for you why
don't you change the name of your
YouTube channel why don't you add the
whole family into it so my opinion
Cheryl I'm sorry can I go first
Bonnie asked me and sincerely ask me if
we need to change it and hi every time
said no I think it needs to stay the
Bonnie when we need to channel because
that's a start of that Bonnie did way
too much groundwork for it to become
what it is and I want her to always be
recognized for that and it's still
encompasses all of us this channel is
from my point of view I think Joel and I
are equally a part of the channel right
now but that doesn't mean that it's
always going to be that way because our
we're working on short term goals right
now our long term goals for Joel to do
his own thing if YouTube stops the way
they do things if YouTube drastically
changes the way they do things if our
channel tanks and nobody watches us
anymore we can't just solely rely on
that and so I don't want to just change
everything and make this whole family
seeing this channel is from my point of
view so it is the Bonnie Pauline channel
yeah what I want you by Malini is I see
you like the outing something on that
okay so the question was the most
comment that replied to a thing you
asked about you have for that and what
what is the one thing about Mormonism
that you disagree with and one thing you
love about it
so we're dressing these questions the
first thing we want to do is clarify
what church we belong to the Church of
Jesus Christ of latter-day saints
we're Mormons we're lbf they're all
playing turns but that's what we are and
some of them that being are you strong
do you like some women asked if I had as
strong a belief as you do I think that
people see your interaction more because
Joel Collins he was in the bishopric he
was he's in the young men's now and the
only calling that I have
asked me to work on Sundays not work
like I teach a class on Sunday I don't
think we show a whole lot of our
religious side um I can guess not quite
true actually I think I show a lot so
our good side in our actions and what we
do you guys obviously pick up the thing
that we do and we don't do and won't do
and those are just part of us living our
religion yeah how does Jesus fit into
our like life I feel like we fit into
Jesus's life just that I mean is is that
like corny to say our religion and what
we believe our life is centered around
sheezus Christ and so we try to live our
life the way he would want us to I
wouldn't say that I disagree with
anything I think there are some things
that are difficult to live by when when
we were younger and couldn't date till
we were 16 that was difficult but as we
have to surpass that there's no
reasoning behind it and it's a good
thing we didn't say til we were 16
because your mind and your body you like
a Cepheid rollers oh yeah I think I'm
good like there's no disagreement it's
just a matter of having faith - to do
what what we're being asked and we
there's been times where we've lived it
stronger than others and I can promise
you that the times that we were living
it versus the times where we weren't we
were happier when we were living it and
we are blessed beyond we're just very
blessed and I know that it's because we
live the way we live if I didn't done
check what would each of your kids have
been named
if they were born the office of gender
so many people like that they wanted us
answer that question I can only think of
one what Cody would have been in June
yes so we really wanted another girl and
we wanted to name her tune I am always
loving Lindsay for a girl seven names
would you like for a boy four boys we
had to name Olivia boyfriend
Rory sorry I really like that
boy named Roy just like it's a tell your
story roars olive oil how do you keep
the romance alive in your relationship
when you have four little ones there is
no magic or flames you go to bed early I
think that truthfully is one of the
answers we put our kids to bed at seven
o'clock in a summertime we need safe
life later and except but for the most
part we put our kids to bed at 7:00 and
that gives us our evening which now we
really don't have an evening cause he
spent the whole night editing and stuff
so yeah something Bonnie's always been
good about at setting up babysitters all
once a week regularly for us to go out
and most the time I drink to know about
it she's like oh we got a babies that
are coming back so bonnie works very
hard to make sure we get our alone time
away from the house
not just working getting out and doing
some and i hear a lot of people say like
oh my husband would never think of
getting a babysitter I'm like what yeah
here it is mine I do like a girl which
is okay because he's doing other things
I like to get babysitters and I like to
go out on dates are you baby hungry did
you always plan on having four kids you
want to have another baby is there
secretly a part of you hopes for another
baby will you ever get pregnant again
I'm going to let y'all answer this one
first
that's like ten questions in one yeah no
they all do okay are my baby hungry no
am i enjoying Lincoln to the fullest
right now the baby
absolutely when we had Boston I thought
we were done meet you and and we both
want to three google my three kids we
kept driving by the hospital and just
the feelings that came over us we're
just intense we're not in control here
and we're supposed to be having a forth
and we did and I can also say I Drive by
the hospital now hoping that I don't
feel it and I still had it enough thank
you thank you you know I don't I'm
pretty confident that we're four will be
the number that we have for Venus is a
little bit harder in my mind and with
the way that our life is right now I'm
happy to say that I don't want to have
any more kids I'm I'm happy with the
fort I feel like stress wise you guys
will see earliest we don't show the
stressful mess
of raising the kids because we show you
those big parts in the fun part it is
morning tonight correcting the kids
guiding them teaching them training them
I just feel like it's such hard work and
so many times you see parents neglecting
to teach the younger tips because well I
have eczema two kids and we're tired
milrays themselves we over kids'll
operate them I don't want to do that I
really want to put enough effort into
Lincoln as I have Olivia
Cody Boston I really want them each to
have my full attention joining me on the
other hand I you wouldn't touch twist I
heard very hard to have another one I
really like the pregnancy process I love
the fact that we were able to document
Lincoln's all that stuff I'm a baby
though when I'm pregnant I am the
biggest baby in the world and yes or no
are we going to have our kids the answer
is no but don't be shocked yeah any
computers out there no way how do you
financially prepare for the future how
do you enjoy budget what's your format
do you have a budget written what advice
do you have okay so I'll start because
I'm the one that does the budget and you
just trim it anytime you get it or
whatever
and we know how much we bring in a month
we will never spend more than we bring
in if righty-right ever liver that's I
mean that's just something that we are
not going to do we get our check in each
month we first care tithing and then we
take out what we need to cover for phone
bill electric bill or utilities living
so we take out X amount of dollars for
that and the rest of it we put into our
savings so what is the biggest mistake
you made and learn from during your
YouTube career and how has that changed
your the person will let you go first
there anything you can think up biggest
mistake deleting footage Oh
huh okay yeah that was awful
for thinking you're recording when
you're not so I didn't read the question
like that I read the question more like
as far as the content we put out there I
think the biggest mistake that I made as
a youtuber is letting the comment
dictate what and how I record I think
that that was a learning curve because
when your very first start you only have
a few people who watch you and they're
there because they really like you so
you have all these good comments and
then the bigger you grow the negative
one is okay this gum if any of you and
and so that was like oh so it was
learning her for us and people would say
oh I really don't like this or I can't
believe you do this and so I will stop
doing that and then they admit it like
started interfering with our
relationship so people don't like that
we can't talk like that and and
basically the only way to get that out
of my head is they and they won't bother
you know nigga respect I'll be given
they don't come at me as part of it and
that's my schedule I'm like that candy
for you to say because no bonus are
about you they're only about me as long
as the face I'm sorry the name of the
channel but the thing is that's what the
rule provide is no matter what people
think or say or do don't let that
dictate how you live your life and it's
very easy in the YouTube world to let
comments dictate how you do things and
and that's why people are here in the
first place is to see how we do things I
don't want to do things like everybody
else thinks that I should do that I know
how I want to do it because this is our
life and this also makes me think of you
know you marry who you date you hang out
the people that you hang out with and
they're going to influence you if you
think that oh I'm going to influence the
bad crap no it's the other way around
you're going to follow the bad crowd and
so same ones like the comments and
things you and the things you read if
you're reading negativity you're going
to bring that negative
to your life that's why we go to church
every Sunday we want to put that
positivity in our life because you live
it you emulate it and with the comment
section that's how it is I tap I just
can't read it anymore um in the mornings
when I wake up I read the first twenty
comments just to make sure there's
nothing like oh my gosh your butt crack
is showing up at 5:05 oh my god while
you're naked reflection in the window so
I go in and is all a really great early
birds that come into the video I like to
resolve it yeah I like to respond to the
first maybe twenty five and then I'm
done and I don't go back and freedom I
love this question okay and I want you
to go first okay ignoring the YouTube
demographics when you're talking to the
camera who do you imagine is on the
other end like you think you're toxic
I know I loved it instinctively when I
look into the camera and I'm talking I'm
thinking of talking to Bonnie and I know
that may sound funny but like I'm just
like I want to show her my personality
and be lively fun which I always like
and like okay I want to show up wanting
like good personality are you kidding me
do you okay when you're saying that you
say that if you want people to think how
much I love Bobby so much you're like
genuinely absolutely loving genuinely
genuinely what I think I don't think
Bonnie I grasp it and I don't think a
lot of people understand it but I am
infatuated with Bonnie she is the person
I think about 24/7 and I used to get in
trouble as a missionary because of that
they doing funny or we shut up about
volumes like that's not going to happen
we have a ternary conditioning all
because two hours are long you're gonna
get to juice
let's go okay sitting on pillow
somebody's taller than me actually
another money but my torso is taller
than child yeah I suppose I have
terrible holsters oh yeah
going this perfect posture it's because
of piano sometimes I was piano I would
like arch my back back yeah when I blog
it depends on what I'm vlogging if I
telling a story I picture my children
watching it in the future
and when I talk about my past like high
school days like all that I am I am
vision talking to like the teenagers
that watch our channel and for the
majority like Jay today I always picture
my parents because I like okay they're
watching you I don't want to look at
their as them but for the most part I'm
picturing the moms out there like people
my age um yeah the moms out there I love
the fact that my demographics is what is
it becomes 18 to 45 45 18 to 45 of our
largest demographic and I love that I
love talking to the moms out there
because like I said this channel is from
my point of view and I love I love that
it just makes me feel really connected
with you guys and I don't know if every
channel is like this but I really do
feel of a genuine connection with my
audience I feel like people that watch
me we relate and I feel like they trust
me because I do try to be really honest
and doesn't mean that everything's out
there but what I do say is true if it
comes out a lot now it is the truth
ups are hold on oh my god what is your
most successful discipline technique and
how do you find a balance between
discipline and fun you'll have such a
wonderful relationship with your kids
people see us have a lot of fun with our
kids and we do we have a lot of fun with
the kids
the discipline goes on when the camera
turns off and I think some people are
like all body ever does is like laughs
is the camera and I do
I mean I really do want me to lap it up
yeah I laugh when I'm excited I'm
nervous I laugh when I'm offered but
when it comes to the kids I am about as
serious as they come oh yeah
Kalani doesn't sell people know I really
don't and and it starts with her a baby
but you teach babies that you're the mom
from day one you know when when you're
hungry I feed you when it's bedtime for
you little baby you don't know but
you're screaming and you're tired you're
going down for a nap you're going to bed
and because it's like when does that
change when do you stop doing with a big
anything to baby once but then you have
a five-year-old you're still doing
anything that the five girl wants you to
do you start when they're just a little
baby and I and of course like and that
sounds so harsh but any problems harsh
with my baby I mean I chant and I love
and I snuggle and we laugh and we play
but when it's nap time it's now time and
when the kids are little and I make food
the baby don't like the nanny if they
don't want to eat what I cook then you
don't eat if you don't want to go to bed
when I tell you you're going to bed I'm
going to spend with you in the corner
and make you stand in the corner until
you're ready I mean I mean I see parents
old ones getting a corner in the kids
throwing up it mmm
you're going to stand in this corner and
if I have to send here with you to teach
you how to send in a corner that's what
I'm going to do for two hours of my day
until you're I mean I've never sent a
corpse to our school lot of things you
do it until they know that's what
they're doing I don't see the money and
I are really firm about is that we
expect a lot from the kids in the way
they act the way they talk the way they
are we have high standards and high
demand in the same time they are give
them in real world you be consistent you
set your rules of what you want and you
don't deviate
liver have you ever thought about
splitting up and if so what were you
able to do a new marriage so overcome
that yes yes we talked about it we put
the other person ahead of ourselves and
this only works if both people are
willing to do it you have to that's the
only way and if you're not putting the
other person in front of your own needs
you will most likely end up splitting up
but if you can stop and reanalyze what
you're doing and what you need to do to
make them happy you will be so much more
happy and it works it works but if only
one person is willing to do that that
person is giving and giving you can only
do that for so long you both have to be
willing to put 100% in and it takes a
lot of time so it takes time you have to
be willing to just be patient
understanding and and let time take its
course and if you keep thinking well
they would change this if you said this
if you said well they would just change
this and I would be happy that's wrong
you cannot put your happiness on what
someone else is doing you need to be
happy for yourself with yourself with
your surroundings and maybe you're the
one that needs to change a little bit
for a while I just thought well Joel did
this and I would be happy we'll know I
needed a change and once you change your
thoughts your actions then you're more
happy did you ever go to a college and
if so what for I went to beauty school
go to college for Business Economics do
you ever wish you could just throw a
diaper on for long journeys what is
sanity here I'm not even know I guess
that's the most
okay is this okay I am not joking you if
this video gets twenty thousand sums up
which I know I can do it twenty thousand
if this video gets twenty thousand then
I promise you I will tell you this story
and it's a doozy
you will you will not regret clicking
that thumbs up button so I'm so excited
right now I don't
here's the first to you right there l we
need nineteen thousand nine hundred and
ninety eight
okay god I'll do them all a little
sacrifice myself okay thank you guys so
much for watching I'm going to turn the
air conditioner back on and we'll see
you guys my next video bye guys
