today's video is going to be 50 things
about me I have to turn off my air
conditioning because when it's on it's
really obnoxious background noise and so
I turned it off and I am now sweating so
I am sitting on an ice pack Oh wonderful
you just learned something about me I
sweat very easy okay I don't know what
I'm going to be able to get through this
so I'm just going to start at the very
top I have been putting this list
together for years and I'm not kidding
when I say that when I first started
doing YouTube I watched a Kaylee's 50
things about me video I thought that's a
good idea but I have no idea what I
would say and so every time I thought of
something that I could put in this video
I would write it down in my phone so I
have a 50 things about me video for you
today as I've been working on for years
I can say okay the first one and don't
ask me this is very very random I was
stabbed in the leg with an unpick er I
was sitting on the couch watching TV in
high school or junior high and I was
unstitching something and I dropped the
unpick ER or I don't know how but it was
in between the couch cushions so it's
sticking up at me between my legs and I
saw a nun picker on the floor in front
of me and I was like oh maybe iris foot
on the floor so I scooted forward on the
couch and that Sun picker went straight
into my thigh I thought I was going to
die I have a scar that's about just
little it was big at the time so I
hopped on my leg in to around the stairs
in my mom's house my sister Ruby was
teaching piano lessons and I was balling
and I remember this girl she was
teaching is Joel's cousin anyway I went
in there and I was like Ruby Holy Ghost
after getting stitches and she was like
I'm teaching the beautifulest you need
to go out loud but I gotta die I am a
very emotional person I get nervous
really easy I cry very easy if you watch
my vlogs I cry a lot when I was in the
kindergarten I used to have a wart right
in my nose and it was big and people
school used to call me warty
I am extremely self-conscious of my chin
I have two very favorite memories of all
times my number one favorite memory is
going to my mom's mom's house so my
grandma Nielson we used to go to her
house she had a river that lined her
property and we didn't see our cousins
the way my kids see their cousins we saw
our cousins like once twice a couple
times a year
and it was the most magical time ever we
ran around did whatever we wanted jumped
in the river to dit it was just it was
the best time of my life
my second favorite memory of my
childhood was going to Scout camp with
my dad he was a scout master and so
sometimes he would bring us girls and I
got to go a lot I'm a total homebody
I love family parties I love getting
together and laughing going to the lake
I'm just going and doing stuff as a
family is always so fun I always come
home with a headache because I laugh so
hard I hate jeans I hate wearing jeans I
hate working so I felt like Oprah I love
all revved up I love to read
so correct no I hate jeans I just do I
hate wearing them when I go out and I'm
wearing Jean I'll come home and I take
them off and I have wet pants on I've
been that way my entire life
oh I love the John Tesh radio Joe and I
really like the John Tesh radio when I
got out of the shower I have such dry
skin but the first thing I do is put
lotion on and if I don't have lotion on
my hands I'm going somewhere like like
but all the way ready
I put lotion on and then I like do the
dishes I go to the bathroom I wash my
hands and I don't put lotion on I feel
like I'm going to suffocate and so I try
to keep lotion in my purse at all times
it's only been recently that I've worn
my hair down because I have hair
extensions I love my hair slicked back
out of my face I love my hair in two
braids out of my face I love my hair in
a high ponytail just straight up with
like no hair hanging down it drives me
nuts having my hair in my face and I
just had to learn to keep my hair down
this ol tree I wrote down I love sultry
music like a measly Norah Jones and good
Michaelson those kind of artists I
really enjoyed listening to like so I'm
going to take a bath or if I can be
ready I just want to feel happy and like
Jack Johnson I like those kind of
artists okay so here's a story the first
foundation that I ever owned and I
should I can't even say um I stole from
my grandma so we're out of her house in
her bathroom I was young guys I think I
was in fifth grade and I was because
yeah I was in fifth grade so we are in
her bathroom and I saw the makeup in the
counter and I remember just smelling it
I can smell it in my mind if that makes
sense and I put it on and it didn't
match and I just you know that was that
I left the bathroom but I went upstairs
and I crawled in the toy closet and
there's a box at the top so I grabbed
this box down and it had one foundation
and then it had this little mixer so you
could mix in darker color
or you can mix in a lighter color and it
was
same thing mission agenda bathroom I
remember thinking if she has some other
bathroom on ready she's probably so old
she's never going to like need the
second bottle I thought that you guys
that was the bottoms in my mind I
thought she'd probably never get older
that's really that was my father I was
adjusting on it and so I stole that
makeup and I wore it all the time I I'm
not sure if my mom like notice my mom
not everything there's no way she
couldn't notice that I was wearing
foundation in the fifth grade but I used
that foundation as concealer I didn't
use it all over my face but I was always
really conscious of the dark circles
under my eyes and so I put the
foundation just under my eyes probably a
really bad situation look wise the kind
of people that I would choose to be my
hero is firefighters and policemen and
as the top of this list is the doctors
and nurses those kind of people are just
absolute heroes in my eyes they always
happen and they're super intimidating to
me when I go to the doctors I end up
crying and I don't even know why I think
it's just because I'm super super
intimidated I have on here political
views and religion I'm letting me get
into those I couldn't love my family
more I tried that's the ones that's on
my list too okay my parents took me to a
Gaul I love this on my Harris took me to
a Garth Brooks hmm - a Garth Brooks
concert and when we were driving there
we were in Salt Lake City I remember and
I know I had siblings with me I just
don't remember which ones were there
anyway we pulled up to a stoplight and a
was the word limb of a limo pulled up
next to us and this was a long time ago
I was maybe 10 maybe maybe 10 my dad
rolled the window down snows like oh
cool love the limo
Garth Brooks roll his window down and
wait to meet his fingers I remember
thinking wow your fears are really fast
these days fingers um he was in the limo
and waved hi to us I remember I was like
the risk going you are going that time
and under Packer I don't like to pack a
lot of stuff and I think it's because
I'm lazy when I come home I don't wanna
have to put it all away I just don't
like having a bunch of crap and I really
am a big believer of and oh I don't even
know the term you make do or do without
make do or do without or something like
that if you don't have it you're going
to survive you're going to be fine I
don't like the word kiddos I hate when
people say kiddos and my sisters say
kiddos my friends say kiddos
everyone says kiddos and I just that
word just drives me crazy I don't think
my parents know this one when I was
fifteen my friend was at my house and no
one else is how it was me and her and
she said oh I have something at my house
let's go get it there I think it was
popcorn we wanted popcorn she's like I
was hot front of my house and so she's
like taking moms Cara's like okay so we
did so we drove it to her house and I
remember I was going speed when I was 25
and if we were going maybe 20 probably
19 19 and she was yelling at me she said
honey you are going to get pulled over
we're going to slow you need to drive
but I was terrified of getting caught I
am NOT a cat lover me and my siblings
were sitting at the counter or on maybe
15 and my sister Julie had her friend
Kristen over and I don't know if I was
trying to be funny I don't know if I was
trying to be rude but I took a fork and
I stabbed it into my sister's thigh and
it stuck in her it's not funny it's not
funny I don't remember why I did it
I don't know why I did it but that was a
horrible thing to do I have a terrible
memory
ie this video is going to be
documentation that I have legit concerns
that I will have dementia and
Alzheimer's when I get older I was in
band I played the flute
and I can't remember I was in junior
high and I really wanted layers in my
hair and my mom didn't want me to have
layers in my hair and so I thought you
know what I'm really good at like
trimming hair and stuff so I'm just
going to give myself layers and I think
I did a really good job so ginger take
me to a salon to have it fixed and I had
layers so that was a really bratty thing
of me to do wasn't it
I babysat every Saturday night and every
Saturday night I used to watch Chuck
Norris with the Chuck Norris is that
that's not the name of it is it there
was a show us a minute I'm going to
google it Walker Texas Ranger Walker T
Walker Texas Ranger I watched that every
Saturday night when I was in like junior
high I love candy I have is I sprained
my wrist twice I'm pretty sure I broke
it and wife so once I jumped out of the
swing set land on my wrist broke it my
parents and believe me they didn't take
me to the doctor for a week and then a
week later I got a cast on my wrist okay
and then one time we were a scout camp
and I was running to sit down on a dot
on a log and a very heavy kid came and
sat on my wrist just right and I
couldn't use my wrist I couldn't tie my
shoes and so giulianelli tied my shoes
the entire time for me there I did
everything I even think he likes undid
my pants and pulled him down for me so I
could go in the bathroom and yeah that
was awesome and then a week later when
we got home from scout camp I had it
wrapped up that's crazy
my very first basket well my first and
my last basketball team that I played on
we were in the basketball phase in
junior high I really liked having my
hair done fancy and so I would like
twist the back into like a million
different twists bobby pin it down and
then have it spiked up at the top but I
didn't have time to do that in the
morning or I was too tired to get up and
do it so I would do it at night and
sleep very very carefully and I would
wake up in my Harrison oh I wrote their
own piece of pie cafe but what I think I
was getting at was lots of pizza I
worked at lots of pizza and I made five
15 an hour and I remember I got a raise
to 535 and I was like whoa
when I worked at lots of pizza pie I
drove my parents white Pontiac sometimes
I drove a really really old suburban
that was this was a de Pontiac and we
were I was driving home and I remember I
was coming up to a stoplight to turn
right there was a car in front of me and
they had they started to go and then so
I was like okay it's my turn to go and
so I pushed the gas and I checked the I
twist turn the radio up and they stopped
didn't know and I ran right into them my
mom was hit and I think my dad just felt
bad for me and so he didn't really get
mad okay I have to change my positioning
because my legs are going numb so I'm
going to hang him off the end of the bed
Oh better huh five kids I don't want to
say it was the most wild because my
siblings always got in trouble too but I
think I was the most kind of carefree
child as between the siblings and now as
an adult I was daresay that I'm probably
the most strict as a parent there was no
that's all the way true it could be
debatable I don't really know I cannot
handle walking someone he mac and cheese
and noodles without chewing them I had a
roommate in college and she I remember
watching her as Oh up about a stupid she
would take bike and just swallow like
huge bites and so now whenever I see
someone eating noodles and they don't
chew them I can handle it okay so I
played soccer basketball softball and I
stuck at all of them I was really bad
and this was maybe sixth grade yeah this
was about sixth grade but there was one
sport that I was really really good at
and me and Lindsay Voorhees played
badminton in PE and we were so good me
and Lindsay parties were the best on the
internet you can you guys I'm getting a
little rad because the air is off and
I'm feeling a little nervous okay not
nervous but I'm like putting myself out
there okay I do not like the terms on
like Instagram like the hashtag first
world problems
I just feel like it's making fun of
people in third world countries I don't
know
I don't know I like warm soda I don't
mind if my soda is a little warm I think
it's easier to drink and it kind of
tastes good
I get bloody noses all the time for July
night honeymoon we were taking a flight
to California and we were having Chinese
food at the airport I leaned forward to
take a bite of his food and my nose just
started bleeding and it was bleeding so
bad that we missed our flight and then
on the flight home we almost missed our
flight likewise minutes like a minute
second I swear it was like because of a
slight idea situation I was born a
blonde and my hair naturally just got
darker and darker so I have naturally
brown hair as an adult
I do color it but it is naturally brown
and I was a blonde when I was little I
hate when Joel says I have a surprise
for you and then I have to wait for it I
will do everything in my power to find
out what that surprise is I keep looking
Dex I'm looking at my phone I have had
knee surgery on both of my knees and I
probably need to have another surgery to
fix it I work with a phlebotomist and I
performed I think over 10,000 bench
punchers and I was pretty good at it
I love being in place Joel and I were an
Oklahoman together
I was grace in Annie and the movie Steel
Magnolias we did the play and I played
the role of Julia Roberts okay guys I
think this is where I'm going to end
this video I have a lot of fun making it
for you I hope you guys like it if you
liked it please give it a thumbs up and
we'll see you guys in tomorrow's video
bye guys I
great
