okay no no please off the counter you
don't need milk he's like give me that
jug of milk no I'm not giving you a jug
of milk in here please come here me off
the table so cheese you guys the
morning-after CVX live and I am
officially like this morning Jill and I
woke up and we were like tried opening
our puffy eyes I'm like just like you're
hit by the emotional drain like the
physical drain this weekend was
wonderful and absolutely worth it but
we're so exhausted I think we spent over
seven and a half hours total meeting and
smiling and like I said it was so worth
it and I loved every minute of it but
you can hear my voice I'm just a little
like oh I was like is it okay if I don't
get ready while we travel today he's
like yeah don't I'm wearing a hat I'm
like perfect go get a stool so you can
do the dishes I told Chloe I said Cody
get the dishes done he's like mom I've
never done business and like figure it
out and what did you say when you got to
the sink and right here it goes yeah
you're not oh I'm doing but anyway here
goes
good job okay I'll check in on you in a
minute did you find a plug yep that is
upside down yeah okay turn it upside
down turn the right side up
we have suspect is called Oh
me and my husband I think guys oh yeah
have you ever drives a distance that mom
is in my movie don't you try to take
anyway you got to rinse the strop off
the dishes Wow whisp so use this water
rinse the crow father and then put them
in here and then you can dry them once
all of these are clean okay okay I don't
know what you think you're doing -
Lincoln but here take this downstairs to
the laundry room
Russell awesome you don't look too
excited about being shot he's shootin
Boston you are so cute Lincoln yeah is
that yours and he's just taken over your
toys do you know how many times you've
done that to Olivia funny
yes okay first we got to show Tasha your
outfit so well yeah I'm gonna show
Latonya um that is the sweetest Olivia
that fits perfectly okay so they have
our Jimmy interaction and wearing shoes
no one's hair haha but they're just
going to like you'll wash it in between
when they share it okay so my mom has a
doll and I know that oh sorry
Lincoln just waxes sit on the camera
awesome hey no shootin Melanie okay no
shootin girls okay yeah go get the ring
on ground without you I want you wearing
it this week and don't take it off even
once - just leave it on your fingers you
ready you Mindy Canyon the cannon let
them place it for 10 more minutes and
then I'll make me give it to you okay
when two three picks up fun ya know bed
made check coated good job dishes check
something that I like to do before I go
out of town is run the disposal so I
like to just make sure that the disposal
doesn't have any food in it because that
is what's going to make your house stink
when you come back in so love you got
all the garbage is out check and garbage
disposal is m'kay - hey grandma let's go
not until most wars I thought you were
just building a fort we went to CVS with
our house discussing and I'm still
leaving it discussing my bathrooms are
dirty goodbye house
we'll see you next week and we'll pray
that you're safe hold on
I'm not letting go shave just for you
you scrub you're like you
Oh souffles are strong hey one of you go
get him
get Cooper these are just super locks
Cooper you're pretty strong pitiful
quiet please careful careful
me well Cody low mom thank you so much
for watching my children this is a weird
angle I'm sorry
basically thank you in advance and I
hope they're really good for you
I'm nervous I'm not nervous that I know
they're going to be fine like nobody
will take care of better than you but I
just want them to be good for you I just
wanted to be good for you I don't want
him to be sassy I just wanted to be good
we've gone I wants to get out of here
okay zombie girl okay she said it we're
out of here fine let's go bye
Gillian Landon just dropped us off so
Landon got into town while we were at
CVX and so we didn't have any kind of
anything with them which totally sucks
but I bye bye so we're like tickets for
the airport so mom likes all of the kids
which I was terrified for mom we over
anyway so we just left our like the
first part of the ride was like just
like whatever like kind of like
reacquainting and then like five minutes
before we got here an hour drive five
minutes ago we got here we're like
talking about the Nitty Gritty of life
you know and we so we sat on the
curbside just laughing art for your
chicken guys about yeah and they came to
like you guys need to move for like
we
others like to I pretend that I didn't
see that I was like I think she's it
freeing pretend a little see what what
do you think
we're going on an airplane okay not to
be breathe really like I thought maybe
he was well I wasn't going to get
anything because we were going on
airplane that's whatever this is our 10
year anniversary being celebrated now so
has the company happy I wanted to do
something really cool it is red I hope
you love already walking faster yep
everybody can watch she said yes I'm so
excited
iris do you want to know what gave it
away well I said we're not going to film
on the plane Angela had this look on his
face because well maybe we'll record a
little I was like he got me something
yeah I wasn't even try thinking then
because I knew I'd get it out do you
love you
this is that Italy everything comes in a
seven and you have to go back and resize
it oh really yeah so I got it to go with
all your little band I even look thank
you look at our Expo you didn't see it
oh good I'm member bethlo for my caution
died you should know that I will away I
don't want anything less when we just
got to Florida with the core in heaven
no we're not in heaven we're in Florida
and we're trying we're waiting for a
taxi to take a star hotels this is so
bad
so funny I am absolutely dying at our
hotel room it's just this little guy put
it so nice oh my gosh it's so cute I
just like the detail of it jewel I think
my I'm sold on the light green glass
this is the cheapest hotel room we're in
Florida
can you guys hear my voice I kind of
like it's just really hoarse from
talking and laughing and kind of like
yelling loud um we're in Florida chawl
this is so fun you want to walk down to
the beach the ocean touch the beach
because you don't stress my answer I
have the camera on because in case we
keep some documentation so I hide a big
log this is a small walk give a camera
time to unlock Ellie has talked so much
about warm Florida water
water trooper feet is why do I feel
nervous
yeah it is warmer lower chilled and not
cold
yeah this is nice yeah this is rose okay
no my reservoir
okay this water is way warmer than
Hawaii for sure mr. pullian are you
ready to take me on a vacation it's
about 1:00 in the morning and we are
going to call it a night so we'll see
you tomorrow make any of this over in
the P when is whoa
