cheers darling quick while the kids are
in the other room we forgot the Hat
check out this money so we were like
really taking our time getting ready
this plenty of times
because I was up and Adam I don't even
know why anyway and then we were like
crap we have to check out before we go
and so we had to get all this packed and
ready it was a little chaotic but we
made it everyone's dressed and ready by
linking Wow say hi mama
she's saying hi to you hi baby hi baby
thank you say hi mama oh so watch out
we're standing in a very crowded
elevator room feeling a thousand without
you know we're going to stand here and
we're not going to run off yes sir what
happened in code didn't Boston get his
arms stuck in one of those I think
Lincoln about its foot stuck in there
this has been a great time that's been a
great experience for all of us revolving
doors who knew I guess I could help
y'all I'm going to help Joel okay here
we go I can do this and I won't get my
foot stuck yay I can help Joel get our
stuff loaded what are you doing Boston
what are you working on
so fun Cody's over here working on his
car
is it hard Cody there's Olivia
oh yeah okay so the kids are playing
hide and seek we are waiting for our
super fan experience to start we came in
got a little drink down us got a little
advil tylenol and yeah we're just
waiting for people to get through the
security that they have Joel I was in
the bathroom and we were I was talking
with Emily and we were I was just like
oh my gosh my head hurts so bad like she
hit her so bad we were like just talking
I was like oh I hope I don't pee on my
Spanx like just like talking and then a
few people from like our meetup came
walking out of the stall and I was like
well you just got the most personal
experience of this and they were like
not as fun we like seeing that I told
her I was like when we see other
creators and like the green room that
I've watched for years and stuff and
it's kind of funny to see them in person
until I just interact with them on a
more like natural normal level Jan I
mean everybody in it yeah everybody
tries out to pee on their space but
Emily came today and so we're just kind
of hanging out with them so the Oh yep -
yeah okay screw it in my line and they
got a picture of me on none of this is
in focus booth oh they got a picture
with us I was so cute I was like what
are you doing so the guys give me any
time to call the fuzz oh I'm impossible
hey you two don't break your legs or her
but were we before we came in here to
like meet and mingle we did a photo
shoot and they came in and I set my
camera up so that we could like give it
like a like a time box I think the
camera was pointed at the photographers
but literally the entire time
yeah hi is your same hi everybody
okay so I just want to like see
everyone's face in the vlog that was in
here so I missed right here just like
you some swaggy
smile yes you have my favorite hair got
nothing to like receiver wave hi I just
want to make sure that I oh and we
invited you guys yes Mikey hey and last
but not least mommy we got you hi
boss are you sitting over there he's
your new buddy I think you like puting
up with the baby to be like ah is like
looking for sweetie
good night Lincoln Pacific that's mostly
people I follow you want to Bruce Mac
after you have that yogurt do you like
the yogurt you all love music
uneasy oh my gosh you act in one that
looks like a very nutritious line let's
sit down and enjoy yourself that's
awesome
you want one to go I think you're going
to have like the run knees or something
we're running low on diapers I should
have brought a lot back you just came
over to the main stage because Carl and
ginger out there but so many people
stopped us that we missed him - that's
okay because that's we're here we're
here to meet everybody
chaddy was calling me when I was
vlogging and he's like we can just throw
up you deferring gay here he ate like
five of those Apple s happiness pencils
anyway I'm waiting for Joel to bring me
some wipes and diapers because you so
goofy look at his face Lincoln look can
you guys see how pale he is his face is
like white thank you so much I noticed
because he ate so much drunk used to
being tons of it was going for a snack
kind of having like a family powwow
right here before I go out on the meetup
I would have to see you guys wait when
you onstage
we're definitely just a ship is everyone
all my stuff is when you guys are on
stage yeah we've been just awesome naps
all day long
okay so see obviously yeah obviously
he's feeling better
oh look at this little hand
oh that's Tokyo baby boy face honestly
look at him gaze out a window he's been
asleep and I was kind of waking up fuck
you ha we made it back home
Lincoln is in bed I told Joel to go
straight to editing and we have this
stuff that we want to all chip in and
help out and get put away right right so
someone gave me pop to the sink and then
hit run and that case an injury and
chicken that's right and who was it I
don't know her name yes you do Mitch I
am Natasha can you tell her thank you
okay
CVX life was an absolute success and the
majority of that success at least for me
and I know a few others was Natasha she
was the best one there she knew what she
was doing she was able to get it done
and she just so wonderful so if you guys
were noticing CVX cycles over the
weekend
we didn't post these videos the day
after because as you're watching these
Joel and I are on vacay if you guys want
to watch tomorrow's vlog you'll see
where we're going what we're doing so
stay tuned for that
yeah are you like pumping me up or why
he's like come on mom you can do this
you can close the vlog
um thank you to everybody that we met we
met where yes grandma's going to babysit
you guys out you know she are you going
to be good for her and if she told you
what to do you do it good
we are going to fight I think we'll go
you oh boy
you don't get to come on the plane with
us you're going to get grandma's want me
and Dad go why are you putting me in a
queue it was just really nice to meet
all of you guys if you guys take
pictures which we took a million will
you guys please tag me on either
Instagram or Twitter so that I can see
those pictures because I love seeing
them too thanks so much for watching
we're going to try and get some sleep
tonight we love you guys so much thank
you for everything and we'll see you
guys in tomorrow's vlog ah you liked it
is all right yeah
