good morning everybody I am on a run
this morning to go get good out of a car
which is parked underneath the hotel
which is conveniently in its place so I
had to go down there again it then I got
back and realized that I had locked the
door not locked the doors can't be doing
that I had to go back to do that now
headed finally back up to the room to
get our morning started I think it's
like 11 o'clock and we're finally
getting her morning started we're
dressed ready to go and ready to play
cdfi thanks you up it's pretty awesome
hey everybody look it's your past you
got to be able to go anywhere can I have
my minute without your hair I died when
I saw him looking at cute little chicks
and his little lanyard Oh mister uh
CVX ID yeah this makes me less mad at
you from last night it was horrible last
night is horrible mom's not done better
oh look in the mirror he's never looked
so big so I know I know I'm not looking
to me oh yeah
sounds right yeah last year at CVX he
was like 9 months
I think 9 or 10 months is that no like 9
months he was teeny now he's just big
boys I feel bad for our babysitter
because he's a lot more wiry now the
heart I honestly thought he would be
better this year well no no but now he
can walk and talk and scream we're just
getting to the salt tell us and we just
want to see a car and I have to show you
guys the kids before a punishment before
they get all sorts of messy and hair
mess up just so I can say okay look how
nice everybody loves yes yeah oh my
goodness that's so
you ready for this Kristen are you ready
for this I hope we have the hardest
yeah
Olivia what do you think about getting
your face painted by the mermaid ya know
have to be he's not a girl for foreign
in the right hand box in his dad because
someone ate his chair oh so she's going
to give him a little treat
we're getting ready to go to our first
Meetup and the kids were starving as
well defensive line the kids a little
something so you got some fruits and
drinks and some pizza we have Natasha
here and she is the photographer for CVX
live and she just kind of helps us know
basically he's just like helping us out
big time so we really appreciate you
thank you okay are you guys ready to go
do our first meetup is that okay with
you guys
Lincoln is at home taking a nap and so
we're just going to watch out there's
our line I think that one mine I haven't
even seen my poster yet so let's see yes
it's good these guys are so cool I'm so
happy to meet you guys out of the year
right yes my husband here just his Elkin
to bring his wife surprisingly dbx
that logging-in friend another fighter
to be so intimidated I even for this
today when I get an alien here so like
Jared turn around Alexi plug and she has
a new vlog channel what is that second
princess Zack and Krista and so I told
her I'm like get the camera out and
block this situation I'm going to vlog
you vlogging get it out get out Lorna oh
my goodness beeps with Florida shout out
to Connecticut the shaft is South Dakota
and dad for bringing you awesome this
group of fun girls they all made these
youtube shirts I'm totally good I need
yes AB example doing ya ever knows let
me see your nails
YouTube nail these guys have been so
good to my kids you guys to look at this
oh my god
this is a little intense
good kept them quiet I didn't know you
guys were coming this is really cool I'm
glad you decided to come dad's over
there if you think Jeff loves this kind
of stuff
you don't want to come see as it's okay
okay they're very giving they'll shed
we're sitting here having a little bit
of downtime awesome said mom your heart
loves me and I know that because my
heart loves you
my dad who's your doggie love me I love
your doggie
that's nice
Jessie July 1 you know where I reckon is
never fear because he ate a cockroach is
nothing wrong with you
rakia yeah kind of I don't know Jane
pretty cool
he's putting a try Angela in his mouth
no no no no no no no no no no oh my gosh
oh no no
yes justice hey you're so good at oven
you'd be keys like before you play
versus little bloggers
I like you oh that's so girl
so I want to get in books but I
literally get I want to get so close for
a good shot for Bonnie I've literally
can't my body physically will not let me
do that it knows better you know so much
better
okay
oh I literally don't think I can have
you for a while now I feel good rest out
right now I there's no rope right now
you feel gross right now very dirty it's
not feel cool any tighter oh that's not
okay okay I know I'm like I'm I don't
like that
Oh nope nope yep nope okay
okay good job code I'm so proud of you
look at and look at a me Dan Samantha
I'm gonna get the biggest coin beheld
just that if you have a fire you said oh
you said a baby one
I thought yours over here thank you Mary
get over this okay you guys know Joe you
make mojo and you know he's like a tough
guy yeah he is not feeling good right
now haha are you okay
you are literally like crawling into the
corner like a black cat oh let me let me
steal your piss you arms wet yeah goes
back he is wet are you okay yeah thank
you I really your mouth your mouth was
going white are you okay I will do
anything I will do anything else tonight
I can't do it you did good you did good
I don't know like yeah give me the ball
example fall I kind of walked off
flattering me okay so I just have you
guys and I like them because they have a
really similar dynamic because deep
house is over here that's her vlog and
this is her sister and she has a blog
what was it again Jessica's workshop and
then this is dad and mom and so they're
just kind of in this blogging world
famous Bible your prayer yeah yeah it's
true and I thought my like that Martha
qho has family full of walkers of my
parents like sincerely
nice to meet you guys Oh bean yeah
you seem really upset about it though
for some reason I didn't know you could
come to these classes and someone said
oh what a Brandon babe are scary to me -
this game has big grand reserves like
intimidating but so I just got done with
my I was teaching a class on sponsorship
these guys just got done with their
private meet up and so we're just kind
of like meeting up together and saying
hi I was absolutely terrified to do that
little talk class I don't know there was
and I thought that there would be like
ten people there there was almost a
hundred people there if you include me
and you there was 101 oh my gosh it was
so good I just felt really natural and
normal I don't know it was good Bonnie
can talk to anybody I have to talk to
you eyes and see how your day was I
haven't even been able to focus on UNCG
long time today first we work gear soon
as we start anyway to the book oh my
gosh really good huh Kristen Rebecca oh
yes I was a deal that they ran in the
hall we were turning around right then I
was in the round one and did you run in
half a million fold Oh school dad
how was school well really cool was
really good thanks for asking Bonnie did
a good job at her school today Bonnie
did the best job at her channel though
you call that yeah that'll class I think
Bonnie was the perfect name to be doing
that class and I'm so glad to see the
best job thank you
we just want to take all of you guys for
coming and meeting us if you guys took
pictures please tag me in them so that I
can see them because I never get to see
the picture as any go ahead and tag us
on those thank you guys so much for
watching and for all of those that came
in meta and especially all the new
upcoming creators it was really fun
meeting and talking with them that's
been the funnest part and normally
you're looking forward to like meeting
some of the bigger
that we want to meet and talk to her
it's been more fun meeting the little
guys that are upcoming and seeing them
see me yeah I love it yeah there's a toy
review on what was it called Oh what was
it called around here yeah she week we
saw her a couple times she was on your
panels a panel I don't have her name I
don't remember even comment down below
with you and maybe I'll ask her tomorrow
she was a manager for Casa de it didn't
we would be one seeing it she does it
with their six kids anyway thank you
guys so much for watching we'll see you
tomorrow
