take keep it off the devil get mad I
hope no no we gotta keep it close
they're still juicing it have you ever
seen
I think I'm gonna take advantage of some
location the carwash that I like to use
is over there and there is a park over
over it over there if you're not seeing
it right there for everybody
normally I'll Drive home and dry off the
car at home what's remaining but it's
like I may as well let the kids play for
a little bit they've been cooped up in
the car for the past 40 minutes while
I've washed it so I'll finish drying it
off let them play and have some fun you
got your boots on you got the same shirt
you wore for three days boots yeah okay
Olivia what's the number one rule oh
those aren't your normal clothes Oh
better go play in your jammies we are
giving Olivia's nails ready for CVX what
color are you gonna do these ones are
the fast drying ones if I were you I
would do one of these on your fingers
this one has more color so I would do
maybe this one this one's a glittery one
yes I think that you should do these too
I had you those for my toes okay like I
already did huh okay and then this one
for my fingers deal
she chose none of the fast drying ones
what okay we already clipped these the
other days we're just going to keep your
blanket on you Boston I just got the
kids out of the tab and I'm not ready to
get them dressed because I may or may
not here bend your legs yep just like
that I may or may not have a package
coming with some clothes in it for him
so okay no bumping hey you guys don't
buzz the couch does that hurt your ally
you trying to show everybody you're
always at one that one why do you think
that you want to do fun things every
single day is a dad so Cody said
you think you'll get mad at your kids
when they're naughty but that's not fun
mama all right dad I'm gonna bouncy
house every day okay so if you're gonna
go to the bouncy house every day Boston
you have to have you have to have money
to do that how are you gonna make money
when you're older we've got you're
saving up your money for your piggy
please for your house then where you
gonna get nice clothes what where are
you gonna get your house Boston how are
you gonna make money when you're older
hey guys I will buy money no people give
me money they want to who's gonna give
you money maybe a fight I mean really
kids to drown in grandma
so they can do work and I can do work
but I wouldn't know the way you won't
know the way boss is gonna make money by
Grandma grasshopper mine
how are you gonna make money when you
get older Cody find it you're gonna find
it oh and Boston's gonna buy it Boston's
gonna buy it and get it from Grandma and
Grandpa Cody how are you gonna make
money when you're older yeah you're just
gonna find it okay Olivia how are you
gonna make money I'm gonna make money
mm-hmm are you gonna make money I'm
gonna make money is I'm gonna use my
piggy bank for a house and nice closed
job
and I'll use my money I'm getting a job
and you know like Olivia's the only one
that's gonna get a job between all three
of you okay
what kind of jobs you want Kevin I gonna
get I don't know what kind of jobs are
there what would you do my job no I'm
asking you
I do need all set I wanted you knew so
fun what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna go to
salon the same soul and you looked at
honey and yeah awesome that's a I loved
you put your hands lot I loved doing
nails okay you sure
stay on mom yes sometimes I'm gonna
injure it and then gonna do vlogs too
okay how are you gonna pay for a hot tub
you can't just find that much money hey
okay so that means you got to save all
of your money now like I trained teach
you you just want to spend it one when I
made dad I mean go straight to the hot
tub store and get one up and I'm gonna
and I'm gonna bleep like leave it so I
can jump it out hey okay so I hop nice
tell us what you're gonna do when you go
up comment down below okay the kids want
to know what do all of you guys want to
be when you grow up how do you want to
make money and what are you know what do
you do to make money and if and if
you're a firefighter that's awesome if
you're a policeman that's awesome
if you're a ballerina that's awesome why
do you look like an absolute fool
sitting over here
10% off waker in your wallet where have
you been for the last 35 40 minutes and
where have you been what are you doing
what are we doing
hmm he came home with the stupidest
hugest grin on his face I was like wow
where have you been for the last hour
and he's like no where I'm like okay um
you know but I'm gonna find out when you
walk outside to see the new track oh
dear yeah right
okay mr. stupid grin awesome
deal Joe can't hide anything anyway I'm
intrigued to find out we're trying to
clean out our fridge before we go go
where to see your sight oh and the
following week and I mean my fridge
emptied and the only thing we have is
Turkey like a lot of Turkey makes me
make mine double no double Turkey well
oh well that too I do
Bonnie buddies a skimpy about toppings
on sandwiches she'd prefer they dry
crusty flavor of bread is what these are
these are like old rolls this is the
worst lunch ever just I'm gonna it
tastes just fine
okay I'm gonna spice it up you're gonna
have a smile on my face while I eat it a
big stupid big dumb grin apparently I
just want to know what it means
you seriously came walking in the door
just like I look like that do I just
look that ridiculous
I'll give you a sad face well you guys I
think we are absolutely all the way
packed I think I hope no idea I have no
idea I ate my brain it's like it just
doesn't work right now I'm just praying
that I have everything I'm
so remember when I said that I didn't
want to forget anything will guess what
we totally forgot our computer our
computer the way of uploading vlogs the
way of doing everything so we were about
45 minutes out
oh I don't want those lines on what
we're done yeah no I hate those
we always fight about what light is
andhe what like what light is not on
anyway I'm trying to find something from
Lincoln really quick his word the car an
extra hour and a half now because we
were about 45 minutes out had to turn
around and come back I have nothing for
him string cheese
I got a cheese I love it no oh I have
nothing for him is he you know I am
literally out of everything I'm not I've
ever done raisins raisins raisins okay
let's go I'm so sad because we're going
to this dinner and it's a really fun
dinner with all the other Creators it's
a nice time to like mingle and chat so
I'm just kind of sad that we're probably
gonna miss it now so because traffic's
gonna be even worse now and well okay
vamanos okay slow down slow down I'm
gonna jump out jump out we are an hour
late but that's okay hopefully not
everyone is showing hey Joel's gonna go
parked and we're here at the restaurant
meeting Ellie and Jared and some people
that they invited to the dinner and
we're here I think it's
restaurant near several times and it's
wonderful
did I even tell you do you see these
stairs when I got here the lady was like
here let me take you up to the party I
tripped up the stairs I came my pan gym
my face my chest flat just right into
the stairs and I was so embarrassed and
I said I took the lady I said I'm just
gonna hold on to your arm and pretend
you're my best friend so that I don't
cry because I was so embarrassed and
then I was just like laughing really
hard and my eyes filled up with tears
not you were there when I held onto you
and I tripped up the stairs it was
really bad she's like don't worry I've
done this before to thank you it was
really really loud inside I have never
really been into like oh let's be
friends with other youtubers just
because just don't socialize a ton with
them
yeah until recently and I think we've
done a lot more with like Carl and
ginger when we went on the girls trip
that was like the first thing that I've
ever done and since then it's been
really fun because we've just kind of
gotten to know people for the people and
not like oh you have a youtube channel
that's hangout so it's more like hey I
really like you guys it's really fun to
see you and he
except for that except for April and I
had to step out of this ice cream social
that they're doing tonight and so you
could actually hear me and the person I
want to introduce you to and her name is
Kristen blocks and she is just a super
sweet girl that always um tweets s
always comments on the videos like she's
just a really sweet girl and she came
down from Canada yeah so I want you guys
to say hi to her
this elevators jumpy I feel really
motion uh yeah I think those were extra
tired
I told jaws like we have to leave right
now I wanted to stay I really did
goodbye elevator friend I can't keep my
eyes open like we were down there and I
was having like my my brain wants to
have fun but my body is like you're not
having fun to go home and you're gonna
go to bed
you're gonna stay up and edit I feel sad
about that I think we're gonna close the
vlog mom I think more menial critical is
the vlog out here because we have kids
asleep
and oh did we even say that we had
Kristen say we have Kristen last year we
had Kristen come and he said the kids
with us
she's been babysitting for us since she
was 14 and she got on life went to
college I want to stay with us forever
but luckily this is her weekend off and
she was able to come so I'm like yeah I
have no idea how long this long is or
what
but this is what it is so thanks for
what okay we'll see you guys tomorrow
night I just want to hold you I just
wanna look into your eyes and tell you
that I want you you know you make me
feel so fine I stopped thinking about
today at night love it when you kiss me
love it we touch every time
