Oh see this year were talking right now
can these two fingers fall down he
waited all day cuz it's I mean it's
hanging on by a thread and he we said
he's like what's wait till grandpa gets
here and I'll pull it out she was saying
when Olivia was counting her money she
knew where those $10 bills came from
garlic Aragon all the letters just that
huh okay we made brownies what's coming
up Easter no okay you ready to play your
tooth out okay yeah where we gonna do it
okay Cody want insists on doing this
himself you're gonna have to make sure
your fingertips are dry between each
pole and when you do it you can't like
do it softly you just gotta yank it out
quickly and hard I'm staying far away so
it's not too crazy ah you should see his
face he pretty where believe Boston has
a miracle right nine yeah is it out
oh my gosh this makes me sick
Boston what do you think of that does
that make you nervous what Lincoln you
want to pull your tooth out good night
y'all it doesn't seem like it's ready if
it's so ready yeah it doesn't seem ready
Joe look at that thing grandma come on
my grandma's gonna pull your tube okay
maybe we can wait honey whether grandma
would have pulled out the wrong tooth
are you okay code it kind of hurts oh my
gosh it is dangling there are you happy
that you're trying to get it out yeah
you wanted to do that okay let's go eat
dinner and maybe after dinner you'll be
ready okay one is Danny and ego so hard
what son
generations before me did it this is how
it's gonna go on this what you're gonna
do to your boy no thank you
let's see sissy bands okay let's go eat
everyone's starving
Cody you think you're going to be able
to eat okay yep the beans are hot can
you eat your spaghetti first you okay
code no we're not gonna take your tooth
out you're just getting them in eat your
spaghetti code it'll be softer mommy
many is really soft yeah
we'll just slowly work on it we'll see
what happens you gotta rip it out yeah
well you do that put it on there and
then it's yours
yeah that's totally ready to come out
I'm so sad to not see his little boy
smile again
that's the worst slap I've ever had on
my head Oh Jeff I've got big old paws
you guys um I was just telling us her
two front teeth were loose she's holding
a box and a kid pushed the bot with like
a refrigerator generator box and he
pushed the box and I swallowed my two
front teeth
what you doin Lincoln that has never
been a complaint
don't you ever complain about too much
dessert I'm gonna tell you what I like
re-roll you're a stinker Lincoln yeah
this is the next day
and you all just need to get this out so
we can eat this without is about code
boy it's out that really hurt he's
laughing look at that one like there's
no blood on it which means it was that
loose oh you just reacted
yes Bullock is it's scary let me see
that huge new smile you how do you look
like a girl
yeah Cody I'm so happy for you it's a
little sad to see my little baby missing
his tip I love those baby teeth okay I
need an awesome huge toothless smile
you're the most cute boy don't they try
to put that dick no okay Cody please
don't do that please don't do that you
know this just makes me so gross
near the cutest Cody I think just
amazing that I don't know I just makes
me sick huge thumbs up for losing his
first like for rent - if you saw
somebody
