good morning everybody we have a very
busy day today Bonnie and I just
realized tomorrow is the start of CDX
for us so we have to get all of our
chores done today first goal today is
get 15 bags and salt into Frank and I
know Frank can handle 15 bags all I just
want to see how much he yes when I come
in
well some said it wouldn't be done but
it sure can oh that might be a problem
oh not just here we go and done we're
good to go
my second errand for today was to come
to the jury and get some watches resized
for me and for Bonnie and to get some
batteries requesting from watching but I
have having one one watches two
batteries there's a lot of stuff that
can break easy so far I have bumped that
clock almost knocked it off the wall I
was walking and my head pull out right
into the box almost knocked it off the
wall I'm worse than the kids in here I
honestly don't want to bring because
it's like a bull in a china closet but
seriously I think I'm just as bad I
think I'm just as that I'm excited to
have our watches 6 so we can wear them
this weekend get it show me pull hard
pull hard
Oh Bowl hard go hard go hard you can't
get it yeah the heavy heavy pull hard
hard hard hurt hurt oh no don't open it
okay let's get them downstairs
Oh to the ducky yeah wonky yes ducky
ducky ducky nose
good death finding that was eye-opening
Rossville examine I found : bump okay
sorry
car in the garage I open the garage door
so I am standing there as like a baby
soon well I was getting until he saw you
I'm gonna shut the door you watch him I
gotta carry those did you throw your
Buddha services oh no not yet no he took
his boots off look he took his boots and
put them right there where they go
anybody got a pair that's why you were
yelling blue hi baby
moon will be your pilot can I just say
something I am stressing out about this
weekend I'm stressing out about getting
ready for CVX live
not even close not even close I don't
even care like I'm excited to go but I'm
not stressed in the least
sigh although I did realize today's our
last full day before we go we got to get
stuff done
for other things well yeah that's what
I'm satellite oh I'm thinking so we're
going to be at CVX live this weekend you
will get home Saturday night and then
Sunday afternoon we're leaving again but
I I do I feel just a little like stress
your instant yeah over mad huh he's so
mad at me like he's late
bye-bye oh he wants a faster bike oh he
wants to go back okay I got work to do I
got a lot of bags to get down there look
how squatted the car is Oh Joel how can
we block so many bags oh my gosh okay
like where I am why did you buy so me
dad if I don't use its a grunt oh my
gosh there are so many bad happen oh I'm
going to rip my dress because it helps
fold you my pipe yeah
Oh am I the only one this summer that
has fed their kids nothing but possible
oh you see what you get you get what you
get what do you want you can have
whatever I got you
can you please take one to where I guess
said she feel that she can't watch it
thank you where's she at out there
sitting on the slide okay cuz you trip
over the garbage can what happened your
bum got hurt you didn't see the garbage
night a we're making banana bread we're
making a double red cheese huh what you
gonna scoop it up mmm no I'm putting in
the microwave goofy how are they how
about oh don't whine and you can say can
I please push a button
can I please push your button for start
mmm yes you join
I cannot believe what I just heard can
we turn the lights on so you can see
here what did you just say and you say
it right now I'm joshing up against
family
hey Ellie and Jared just left I need her
to give me some advice on some outfits
we're trying to pick out our outfits for
studio-x
and she was helping me decide which one
to wear anyway they're returning our
four-wheeler and anyway it was really
hectic and I was like okay guys she's
like I don't why I'm looking I'm busy
too and we were just like shooting
anyway um and you said you wanted to
live with Eliot I was like oh cool
you're going to stay here and you're
going to make banana bread don't ask me
why I am adding this to my to-do list
today but have so many bananas I didn't
want him to go bad and banana bread
freezes really well and so I just wanted
to get a I do have a question for you
Boston how did you say that water was
made again um how do you how do you make
water yeah how do you make water you are
telling me earlier how do you make water
no you tell me how do you make water
I do not know how do you make what I do
remember is you do remember with the ice
hey Tyler make water you break up up and
you crack it open vine up and you put it
in so you kind of like an egg like you
crack it open like an egg yeah it's a
great way to make water that's really
smart if you ask me some logic oh yeah
okay I don't know if it looks as bad as
maybe it is because I'm nothing to go
I'm so hot with like running around the
house the oven is hot not turning out
right I'm dying of heat okay I know
exactly why I feel stressed one I was up
really late last night to room and to be
getting ready to go to a convention is
so nerve-racking it's really
nerve-wracking because one you want to
make sure that you and this isn't nice
oh my gosh I saw how to cut Joel's hair
okay
and the other thing is the kids art
stress and so their mouths are going a
million miles a minute asking me all
about Halloween costumes I don't want to
talk about Halloween costumes so I'm
trying not to snap at them boss and just
push my hand
so like little things like that I'm just
like I just feel like today I just can't
deal pick my head is going to explode
trying to think of everything that I'm
going to need we didn't really don't
need anything I am PE class I haven't
really put together my specific note
part yeah I just feel like my head is
going to explode I'm tired and instead
of like being productive and getting
crab legs I feel like I can do that well
I'm just running in circles I know you
guys are like boohoo you're stressed
about the weekend I guess I just don't
know how to explain it and maybe I
shouldn't worry so much about it but I
just feel crazy right now
okay I'm being cranky pants I'll get
over it
um this did not turn out so well now my
thought yeah so I thought - no - I do
pat-a-cake with Olivia King okay oh yeah
can you sit down so I can see you the
third case go ahead oh man
yeah - OH
music you guys need me to show you guys
except cricket okay
roll it oh okay whoa you guys don't know
how to do kinda cake oh my gosh my kids
don't know how to be predicate okay
let's do it together so you do have a
cake okay
hey Dad man do what poop did you just -
tea oh that's no baby
haha okay follow me mommy Alice yes
that's Olivia's mom can we be Mandy and
me to do it again oh hey baby back man
bake me a cake cake Lincoln do roll
marketly Oh Lincoln I can hear you
saying the word Tuesday I've ever seen
anybody like I said okay you can say
mommy watch you want to get in your crib
you know
Wow Wow let's go our room is clean bags
depart for the weekend
oh did you have a pocket full money let
me see what you look so suspicious
what's in your pocket I'm money how many
just know then I can hear money clanking
together did you just lie to me he
always does did you just oh you weren't
lying were you just trying to hide the
fact that you have a magnet you just
didn't want me to see it no oh dear okay
money I got okay I can't climb up on
your bed Oh your name your Jeffy's okay
it is trying to get ready for bed and
we're putting the kids to bed Corey's
looking at me like don't put camera on
me I won't put the camera on you go
ahead and get dressed game boss and
climb into your bed it's time for bed we
are very excited to see you guys at CVX
live this weekend so yeah come and say
hi to us
come in and listen to the colossi
speaking if you're a new creator and you
want to learn how to do sponsored videos
and how to deal with sponsors
anyway that's what we're up to Jolla
heads starting the vlog so we can
hopefully go to bed at a good time
tonight so tired yes okay okay we'll see
you guys tomorrow
you
