by Michael guy and a girl can use your
Jodi outside one in the lawnmower can
you hear don't where's daddy
Hey oh yeah Wow is he outside okay sigh
that's right daddy is outside yeah yeah
Wow
that's right okay cute huh did you just
hear Gaga is to be sure that sir you
just said join a banana for breakfast
can you say banana hey I think you want
cereal instead ha ha
yes look he's looking at a serial that's
what he wants don't mind it dirty dishes
join a banana shake banana good morning
guys we have some chores to do this
morning and I'm going to show you kind
of our like routine in the mornings if
we wake up to a messy house or like in
the evenings when we just need to get
through the house Hank I really have my
kids help me they help me get things
clean so the first thing that I like to
do no we're not having a cookie lay
hands okay no look at me something um no
cookie you want as out of event yeah
okay sit down from the rules
I just want water and Lincoln's milk no
I just got water in Lincoln cereal and
he's like well where's Mel
Arlington Road me what happens when
you're the last one to wake up see
okay now so I'm going to put every bit
of garbage but I have my garbage bag
from the kitchen and then I'm handing
Olivia the garbage bag and what do you
need to go get with it I would have a
chance Angela okay not quite yet we're
going to keep this we're going to go
through the entire house so right now
we're just doing the upstairs so I see
the look do not hit walls with the
garbage bag and when you get the garbage
out of the garbage can
I want a homeless Epiphone trailer see
how there's like little pieces of
garbage on the floor I tell the kids be
really careful like you don't Mack
things up against the cup about against
the cabinets you get all the garbage
right here and then when you're done you
come back and say what next right okay
you do this and then I can continue
doing things in the kitchen I want you
to take my purse and nice and neatly it
goes on my side of the bed and I have to
remind them nice and neatly or they'll
just go in my room and like throw it you
know so okay and a lot of times I'm
cleaning I come across joel's items and
I have no idea what to do with them I
don't know what to do with jewel stuff
and it's missing pieces so what I like
to do with Joel stuff is make a little
pile and I'll put it right here
did you just bonk your head are you okay
now go downstairs look through the
family room see if there's any garbage
go in your bathroom and change it with
all the garbage you're on or do not get
discovered and when you're going to come
back and say what next perfect
it flies in are you not being a great
helper
are you actually yes you are because
you're holding on to me waiting
okay look Cody go in the family room get
the blanket put that in the baby's crib
and Boston do you know what you can do
see these shoes and all the shoes with
the front door I want every
to put where it goes outside make room
where does it go he's going to say sing
go put it in where Lincoln's Creek goes
thank heavens that like Oh turn around
oh my gosh
he loves to walk down the stairs face
forward old ah you turn around to you
sit on your bum there you go
thankfully Cody and Lincoln or Boston
and Lincoln want to go downstairs c'mere
honey and watch TV because it kind of
gives them of our hair I want to see
your pinky
so Cody has been a good sport and you've
been helping but Cody smashed his pinky
last night and this one is a little more
swollen than this one I can tell which
pinky got hurt
sure yes you can do that I think it's
something that she's excited about that
yes you can tell that it's swollen any
type of butter will work Olivia oh my
goodness look how cool that is
you smashed it playing on the swing set
with the neighbor kids no I smashed out
of the car on the car
well I landed on a printer art in it I
am sorry all day yesterday and all night
and all kids game yeah I said genius so
it's good isn't it you can put a where
it goes is it that funny that those
little chores that might not seem fun to
mom you put it right up top right in
front of you it's fun to little kids I
think it's fun to do little chores I
know how come you keep getting her
humble donor because your boy and boys
get hurt a lot
I'm sorry Cody gets the past he doesn't
have to help finish helping us he's
gonna lay there you get a pass because
you're a baby and you don't know how to
help you get a pass because you're a
baby and you don't know how to help
was that fun
no he's got fun uh-oh one two oh that's
good thinking Boston good job okay no no
we got lunch we have work to do first
the kids did a very good job cleaning
the basement we got the others then we
have a major laundry to do Oh bad news
then okay let's not do that Boston no
more she's so trusting you guys might
not be like the actual motel but as long
as they're with me thinking that they're
helping I think that's all that really
matters he's like okay this is kinda fun
okay I'm scared
oh wow okay well I don't think your
finger hurts that bad Cody is that your
tent
Cody has always been the best pillow
tent maker yeah in the world all right
Zoey hi oh don't break his tent you're
ten
can you guys hear that noise that's the
noise of a hammer drill and at first I
thought that was normal because I am
used to all sorts of tools going on and
then I thought well wait a minute we're
not doing it where it is on the side of
the house I was like wait a minute we
are not doing any type of projects right
now what on earth does Joe have a hammer
drill out for to be honest I'm scared
I'm scared to come out here and see what
the heck
troll is working on when you get
something in his head an idea he just
goes for it
Jolin terrified yep okay he's ripping up
a window well pumps me what are you
doing I'm just all doing it just taking
these cutting them down and then set
them right in place at home stuff I
don't understand all of these are coming
out yeah cut them back and line it up
with this one this bottom one slips
straight up and down so what I gained 16
inches could before where they're almost
tipped in here every time I pull it out
okay so you're digging up some railroad
ties I just poked a little more what
okay so you'll be out here all day well
which is fine I don't really care but
I'm just wondering all the ones is
really dirty no I will not be a hair all
day I'm gonna get the one done okay so
how many how many hours do you think
this will take you two weeks two weeks
two weeks two weeks I'm hoping to be
done in two hours
two hours is a realistic number so I'll
see you in four No okay I'll see you in
four hours for what will happen define
duty to Charlie no Olivia what happened
yeah you did oh and I fell off my bike
in the road did your bike slip really
bad my turn
crash supporter so I flew off the rock
because I tried to turn when I might go
forward and hit the rock and hit the
corner and there is rock there and make
the night bounce I blew off it and then
crunches on to the sidewalk still dad's
gonna put this on I don't think it'll
hurt too much okay we're just going to
set it there it's a nice cold damp rag
okay we'll get you in the bath okay
so sorry sweetheart oui oui je I bet
your bikes just fine I bet it's just
fine I'm more worried about you not your
bike dad like it cared always
yeah I can see oh I'm so sorry
well oh your pinky hurts real bad now oh
do you need a little sympathy no okay
try to steal your thunder Olivia just
try to steal your thunder oh okay well
let's go get you in the shower in the
bath okay and get that cleaned up a
little bit we want to make sure there's
no little Rocky's in there okay and I'm
gonna let you soak in there and then
when you're done we'll put some hydrogen
peroxide on it clean out any extra dirt
that sounds good
look at Olivia's Ally's look Shh don't
touch no is that scary
no they're scary little alleys huh don't
like it either Lincoln sorry Trish
he's never you but maybe oh my gosh okay
when you think you're doing going it's
morning good I'll follow you up huh Jill
had young men's and I wasn't quite home
yet and so we got a babysitter and it
just so happened I was pulling into the
house as Joel was and we said ooh
before we go in and there's boys where
we get a sitter go home before we take
the babysitter home let's go get some
food
neither of us have eaten all day so we
came here we love eating at Morty's the
sunset is just ending so we're going to
get some dinner look of a mountain wells
over my favorite part yeah watch one
that looks like a torn in half
photograph
Mitchell always says we're going to
enjoy dinner we're going to take it on
cue guys thank you so much for always
watching and being a part of our lives
Oh PS
so today the salon guess who's getting
their hair done right behind me boom
Michelle freaking money
Michelle money good school with oh she
was on The Bachelor she's on Brad Womack
season on earth what I told a washed-up
an undersized no she was getting her
hair done behind me and I had introduced
myself to the owner of the salon because
I've done a collaboration with them
before didn't even realize the Michelle
Money was sitting in the chair when she
stood up I was like and I like I didn't
want to be annoying and be like can I
get Richard no label I wish I would have
I wish I had a guy I know I know
the shoe and her work the owner we're
talking and then she left I was still
getting my hair done and I just I don't
know but I seriously was like staring at
her in the mirror I'm like okay good
night guys bye
