and Julie is leaving we just got her all
packed up that was so fun having her you
can see joel is going on an adventure
they're doing a kind of a father-son
camping trip and you get to go what's so
fun too heavy
crying was that fun we can see we've got
the camping gear yeah yeah you have the
BB gun yes oh we did make sure to bring
it come on he's not gonna let you forget
that happy how he's taking my BB gun and
he told me he wants his own booby done
well we've got a purpose with that
you're taking your BB gun if he finds a
raccoon he's gonna kill it gonna kill it
and he's gonna wear it as a hat wear
doesn't have like Davy Crockett you'd be
good for grandpa and dad hey
well we made it to our campsite today we
set up camp our tent our rig and
everything campfire the machines are
over here I think everybody was a little
bit surprised at how busy it is up here
I thought we'd have an empty week
because the Pioneer Day weekend is over
but it's busy there's a million people
here we've already gone on at least a
two-hour four-wheeler I'd brought our
pile of firewood back and I think Cody
and Chatta shops are about a million
bb's already so luckily we brought
extras oh there we go
something outside just shot but we're
just finishing up cooking dinners and
Grandma Griffis made tin foil dinners
you want me to do it again
I'm losing another tooth today that's
pretty loose is definitely pretty loose
but I could take that out
take it out well what if we lose this
I'll put on your mantel
you can't put under your pillow here why
well I don't hostage Inga Tooth Fairy
comes camping had a hard time finding
our house let alone up here let's see
just pull it out oh honey I am so amazed
at how brave you are got it yes okay
cool
loosey-goosey mouth open up yeah buddy
oh my god is it bleeding yep yeah but
well they're bleeding that's gonna
attract bears Oh like sharks come to
blood bears okay put that in your pocket
right now
so we don't lose it put it in your
pocket all the way you know what Dad get
a hold on to that the dad better hold on
to that lets you know find a spot for it
right now that can not even hurt again
Boston c'mere God ask you a question can
you turn the light on over there
hmm no no yes yeah it's right here
go askew what's that who took it
why'd you take that okay okay I'll come
change a diaper did you already take a
diaper off hey wait for me and I oka way
for me and authentic I'll come change a
diaper back to our serious moment here
um why did you take that from granny's
house a potion so do you know what
that's called when you take something
that doesn't belong to you okay just a
minute Olivia I'm talking to Boston and
you know it is that matters but that's
called stealing do you know that that's
not a nice thing to do that's wrong to
steal that's granny's our next-door
neighbors and it's not yours and if you
want something and it's not yours does
that mean you get to take it no so do
you know what you have to do yep you got
to take it back to her and this has
happened to me when I was little I took
something that didn't belong to me and
guess what I had to go do okay I'm
trying to focus on this I had to take it
back and I had to say are you serious
good job minute did you get on the floor
oh my gosh came to an extra-extra good
job and use powder I stole something
when I was little and I had to take it
back and say and tell them I stole this
I'm sorry was this instinct no it was
something different do you know the
first thing I ever stole what a straw
from the store but like a cool straw you
know and I just really wanted it my mom
had to take me back to the store I had
to give it back
and I didn't want to do that so you have
to take this over to granny's right now
okay but I don't know how did you take
it up okay so take it to granny and say
granny I stole this from you okay
and you hadn't say I'm sorry can you
practice look at me and pretend that I'm
granny what are you gonna tell her I
still have this and sorry okay so try it
one more time okay so this room in and
I'm sorry
perfect can you go do that okay now
check out this dude Olivia change your
diaper
I'm really gonna dig it up oh did you
hold still while Olivia change your
diaper that was such a big girl of you
to do that I'll do it I'll put it in the
garbage
thank you already back into my first
retreat yesterday we went to my cousin's
house one that has a fitness channel and
we spent the whole day there and it was
really fun um I didn't record anything
cuz there was a lot of kids it was a
little hectic so I'm not entirely sure
what the highlight of this camping trip
is so far for real and with the kids the
first time I've ever taken Cody on like
a really hard trail or if it's Cody
losing his tooth second tooth or if it's
watching Cody shoot his BB gun all day
long
Jayco give me a good shot
Hey look a little high oh did you see
that right keeps going through the same
hole every time I am NOT oh well there
wasn't much footage from us camp on this
weekend we kind of wanted a nice quiet
guy's weekend out for a little bit of
learning and training but the outfits
packed up his Bonnie likes to say the
outfit I especially I'm attached to that
truck so that looks pretty good and we
fun trails painted over to Paradise
today we've had a fun weekend I'm dying
to hear from Bonnie could I have an
urban at all Cody and children are back
from camping and Cody is trying to spare
Joel with a snake that they carved Cody
Cody I had to put it over this pillow so
you could see it is that not the cutest
little snake I've ever seen that's the
cutest make they carved so sweet dad
said you shot over 500 bb's
Oh
Tosa then I'm in line to get treats
Joe's in line to get our ticket that's
Joel Joel down the babysitter this night
would usually I'm gonna get some ireia
walk stressful week whose kids Joel has
had a busy week outside of the house so
the movie was incredible we are ending
yet we are going to end our weekend here
you guys are just starting your weekend
your week
yeah so we hope you guys have a good
start to your week and if you guys want
to come to see us at CVX live this
weekend click the link in the
description for tickets so that's it but
side up oh yeah
ok have a good week guys bye
you
