it took me forever to fall asleep do you
forget all that did you like that bad it
was please come in guys right shorty
Batmobile so he's like way to tell on me
Joel just made an announcement and that
announcement is he's taking two children
to launder with him well I didn't ask
until I did not say he has to who's
lucky kids not you not you not you not
you Dean evening me is Cody and Cooper
you guys going to go to London and guess
what
Seoul's a strict guy when it comes to
long day you get lots of pine cones pick
up he's not even like a teacher just
like yeah whatever that's okay that's
good who wants another pancake ah is he
poopy not interested that's what we've
been working on
and you can have it when you go to bed
and that's it put your head down on my
hand cake are you hungry
or into the table I think he woke up
last night hungry he's half green go go
go go go go go go go go Oh Julie he's
still limping on his alley all the way o
it is lon day and I have some recruits
with me today I have Cooper and Cody and
I am picking up one more to come back
and do this one in a minute but I need
his help with me at my parents house and
since he's here I'm going to use him one
day thank you heard it was on camera
favorite a person is worse chata you out
mole in the back busy okay I'm gonna go
grab Alexian this boy at work something
about youth laboring is the most
powerful thing in the world okay
yes well all I don't know we'll see how
it comes I think reading watermelon is
really scary and I really like when Joel
does I'm going to hold the knife just
show more kids like come near it anyway
I'm going to cut this watermelon Julie
and I have been hanging out up here I
had to do a little bit of work this
morning and now the kids are just
playing sometimes she K if you're scared
move back hi oh this is fun yes you have
to go around because Olivia doesn't want
you to touch her fairy stuff can you go
around yes
it's Olivia's do we touch it no no no we
don't touch yeah mm-hmm I laid the
towels out in the corner with my knife I
like my child got over there in the sign
in the Sun you got some it feels so good
cause it's not humid because in Kansas
City any time you're outside you sweat
everybody
yeah lip you want me to cut it you got
to go play while I do because I don't
want to cut you and he's sunbathing
there sunbathing cuz
oh my gosh okay don't hit don't hit I
love the little sunbathing bodies oh oh
we don't hit your head
there you go jungle sunbae that meant a
couple lay down lay down get some Sun oh
these teenagers these days they're so
naive
Chad saw the mower and I told them we
got to take it up to Grandma Griffis and
he asked me where where are we gonna put
it where else in the trunk this is this
is Frank he can go anywhere alright this
might be a little difficult
this actually makes me gorilla I like
cutting watermelon don't mean to do this
mmm I mean I'm fine to do it I just
don't love doing it I like ones oldest
but a long time ago I decided I needed
to toughen up and cut my own watermelon
this guy if I can get a cut in half I do
a lot better
Wow I cut it perfectly in half I'm just
such a good job what I really - yes look
these are the big fat in my desk
what oh this is burn can't you wait
how's that taste how's that taste pretty
good that tastes good to you he's a
crazy hour what do you think - this is
good no he's breathing you like fun
you look good and Olivia swims - very
cool McGarrett there are a few things
that i religiously do when i go to my
parents house 1 is always raid the
fridge there's always soda in the fridge
it's always there and there's drinks for
kids so everybody got a little bit of
refreshment and now we're back to work
at Grandma Griffis house we just
finished up edging and all the work at
my parents house that we had to do they
weren't even there today so it's kind of
sad to not see him but works got to go
on so you boys drink your drinks get
hydrated then back to work
and
I have a big job for you to do okay I
need you to get all of this wood and
haul it over by where grandpa keeps his
trailer okay that's a big job you can do
it just buy it we don't need it on it
okay Cooper
hey you boys want a hamburger and a
milkshake and some french fries okay
soon as our work extend we're going to
play I cannot tell you guys how proud I
am of Boston if you all recall okay
I know Boston is a little whiny he's a
little bit of a Wimpy he's did
cannonball I love you I'm gonna want to
show you yeah because I want to say I
want to like get out the point that he
has grown up so much and he's toughened
up so much like at the beginning of swim
lessons he wouldn't even get in the
water and then at the end he was getting
right in and Boston I want to see you
what you were just showing me you feel
that watermelon on the ground you show
me how tough you are you get your face
in the water do you know how proud I am
of you
yeah I'm so proud of you I love you so
much
Lincoln can you put your face in the
water Jim here not glide doing it that's
okay
yes and for some people that's not that
big of a deal to put the face in the
water but for my kids that's a really
big milestone Oh
oh my gosh I'm backing up like well I
could feel something on my back and then
it got like it's pressure more pressure
more pressure and I was like oh my gosh
it was just yeah what well surely
another lawn day has come to a close but
this one day ended very nice I think
because of all the boys being in town
and whatnot damn I splurged and took us
to burger bar best lards of your life
right there so grandpa Griffith in an
attempt to seriously injure himself he
took all these trees out without any
help but mom and luckily mom was there
with some comments saying there we go
but I think it's fun that there's two
stumps that are left really big there's
this one
Chad Griffith and Jennifer Nilson
and man this one
Olivia and Cody and I don't know when
grandpa did that or the kids must have
been here something but that's pretty
cool to have Cody and Olivia's name
somewhere on there I like that
everybody's got their names somewhere
there's their cement that's been poured
that got some handprints in it not all
of them just whoever's here at the time
that we're doing it we're like okay you
bet give me your hand
mm-hmm she was like your house feels so
like crisp and clean she's like you know
how sometimes like Instagram makes your
life seem that way but it's really not
she's like she's like your house is
really like crisp and clean them like
going in my room right now you get my
room right now look at my Rabb and she's
like are these like all new and back to
school I'm like no no it's my wardrobe I
was trying to find yoga pants I was
trying to find a sue sue so I emptied my
broom so no and go put your nose in my
sheets and tell me how clean this hahaha
making a little clean anything cheeks
yeah right in your CSUN treats to go
with your trend looks like a pretty
awesome tent
Olivia has always been the queen of tent
making that's for sure the younger two
kids are taken naps and those two are
playing on the slide and Boston hasn't
left the pool you just the Cassavetes
just finding his own happiness his own
entertainment and it's really fun to
watch him do a little motorboat now
they're a little beached whale actions
apparently the slides has been too hot
for the kids to go down so they're using
towels and like they're thinking I your
toes wrinkly she's like what do you mean
anything he knows I mean hey I did that
move on Julius appear a little after
million what Zach bad one did I tell
Ellie to defect to you oh yeah this
other one you said hey Ellen I keep
going like this
hey it's mommy thought I'd put up with
so much Julie was like do you remember
when you used to put like dog poo next
to my face with the shovel I was like no
but it sounds funny but that sounds like
something oh no wonder I did it ha ha ha
thinking can you smell it
hi we got our kids down in like record
time we were Nazis when it came to
bedtime we were just like we really want
to go get something yummy for dinner we
let me cater to the kids all day we got
an attention we play with them we took
them shopping that was close it and so
we got them to bed and now we're going
to go get gelati again we're gonna go
enjoy some sounds good
hey tell me you're doing you're gonna
camping trip tomorrow sounds nice oh
okay whatever
oh good night guys I love you thanks for
watching see you later nice
