Rene Singh sandwiches for lakes day
today and I'm not sure if we're going to
go out on the lake it's raining and I'm
sold seems we see where the day takes us
today did you know that you're coming
and I was going to be there oh really
let's hope with the rain stays away
great rained and thunder and lightning
all morning but the weather report says
so it should be sunny dressed today
I hope everybody's ready for lake day I
know you are here I'm steering everybody
I'm like oh your glasses your fried your
swimsuit that's a rad swimsuit
so you sunglasses or your sunglasses are
cute like a horse
I'm all high your drive to Julian
Ellie's oh oh my gosh it was good I was
like I'm talking to you you came from
st. George this morning though disgust
as Emily's cover up this is so did you
write here not Hawaiian around is that
holiday those are rad swimsuit me and
Ellie are selling right albian
anthropology we got so stylish going on
over here today
why
Oh God you look at me that was fast
Henry we've been thoroughly enjoying our
day here in the lake and everyone's
starting to clean up we're getting ready
to pack up and want to tell you guys
there isn't two really crazy accidents
that have happened today so if you guys
remember in past logs I've talked about
airplane crashes near my home and
there's been a few plane crashes and my
dad and mom came up today and right
where my dad was coming up just not too
long after he left this area on the
highway on i-15 on the freeway there was
a plane crash and four people that were
in the private plane died and I don't
know if any vehicles were in the
accident I'm sure they were I don't know
if there was any casualties Ellie just
Texas she left so joel is out on his
paddleboard out in the water and he
could see a fire between two ridges on
the mountain over there and then Ellie
sent us a text and said that in the
canyon to get to where we are and there
was a fear of the pursuit and estefy hit
a semi-truck wall when it was uncle yeah
oh so mom's just hearing that so yeah
they both live up on fire and Joel is
out in the water and he could see the
fire Joel said look I can see a fire out
there oh so there's just been two really
the awful accidents today and it just
makes me sad I mean we're here enjoying
life and anyway we're just we try to be
really cautious when we come out with
kids and stuff just head counts like
tasers on selita's handle because fun
activities like this they can turn bad
really quickly and so anyway I'm
grateful that we've been safe as we
played this summer but I feel bad for
those sort of animals accident says home
about the airplane crash
so we had a very successful day voting
we just barely got all the rentals taken
back and we're heading in to firehouse
pizzeria it's one of our favorites
I'm pasta fell asleep and he's heavy and
the Sun is bright and we all just need
some food in our tummies don't we but
then weight off this is their monster
pizza it's a 36 inch and I ordered it
what we're eating people Oh Oh everybody
is already here did you save me a seat
nope hey the pizza guy here Cheers
we're all hungry let's eat all the
presents you're hugging goodbye get a
little crazy in here we came home with a
few extra bodies Emma Cooper Porter okay
you guys come on in can you take your
shoes off Oh murder scene you're being
so five did you get a sliver mom what
should be another years old I don't know
do you know what mama is really good at
getting slippers out I can help
oh wow oh look at that
Allie oh my tonight Cody and I they'll
be a number three I tell you can I pop
that is all I see em I'm on Friday
yeah but put your pretty good Emma you
two are going to sleep in here and I
think you can stay up and have lots of
fun in this cute room as long as what
fine as long as we're quiet right okay
good night
they're too busy they won't even say
goodnight to me I think for the most
part the kids are in bed I'm guessing
that once the kids are asleep and Joel
is editing off Lincoln's crank and once
and while Joel is editing I'm imagining
that we'll probably go over to Ellie's
house since she's just on their road so
that's probably what we'll do joking
edit wants all the stuff is cut away
it's always a fun day whoa
hello it's always a fun day when we go
to the lake there's a lot of work to get
everything packed and get it all put
away where are you working
oh when I go to Ellie's I'll bring the
lifejackets on something check them over
or fatales out okay can just coming out
to close the vlog the vlog just watch
the vlog muffin just kidding sorry I
don't know I had the best day Rihanna
time well guys know I know
every time I bump the hitch gets grief
and I hate the hitch staying on I hate
the way it looks but it's kind of a pain
to put on enough rotate off but I'm
gonna take aspirin for 20 days and I
shall change traffic thanks a good good
car traffic well can we just stay here
and enjoy this right now don't wash I
had such a nice day and I was really
glad that my brother Bo could come
because he works like a dog and I wasn't
sure if he'd be able to get up but he
did that work on you and my dad came up
is ready mom mom we were all there
that's ever Landon all except for Landon
okay okay so we were at all sorry
so for these in-laws no one like so much
anyway how many mom actually we all love
our in-laws to pieces in love for the
best part like we get together and we
have parties the in-laws are the best
part and that is not always the case
I were all very aware that is not always
a very rare yeah if you guys are
interested in coming to see us at CVX
live CVX live is a convention where a
lot of youtubers go and you can come and
meet all of us all
my vlogging family is going to be there
like- my blogging family the curse word
vlogging family so if you guys want to
come and see us if you want to meet us
we would love to meet you we have a
private meet and greet type being on
Saturday if you guys want to come to
Vout only 100 tickets for that so let's
not get them in come yep
we'll leave the information below so if
you guys want to get tickets that's in
there and yeah that's about it that's
all we got guys we'll see you tomorrow
bye guys
bah
Oh
Oh
