I was not drinking
what why
I will see I'll tell you what how about
keep like these and put those new piggy
bank what do you think about that good
morning everybody this morning Cody woke
up with a lot of excitement he woke up
very very early and so bond said you
gotta go back downstairs be glad and
Cody went back to bed he totally fell
back asleep I can't believe it it's
actually a really good thing because
Cody is our worst night out he fights
going to sleep so bad he goes into the
room and he's in bed time but he never
actually fall asleep till way way late
so I'm happy that he is actually
sleeping in this morning where did you
get the glare what is the glitter
somewhere is that your glitter or is
that my clothes you're gonna see Nia's
with that glitter is if you don't cure
under a light it goes everywhere
okay this is crazy so who did the
painting um the agent I give it you
little sting no hurry on you know you're
crying
Kate over microwave very married call
grandson we're just wrapping up eating
some lunch with the kids and Joe and I
are getting together the questions for
the Q&A that we asked you guys about
yesterday we asked you to give us some
questions and there's some juices in
there and for the excited to answer them
so we're recording a Q&A video today you
can see we've got our
launchers but about there so like let's
start it okay let's prepare outside
while Lincoln takes his nap so that's
what we're going to do and this video
that we're recording will not be posted
for like two weeks we're going to be
done and we're not going to have service
where we're going and so we needed to
pre-record a few things and so that's
what this is going to be is for that so
keep your eye out for that in like a
week or two and in all those questions
there's a few questions about my dress
and I'm not going to put that in oh I'm
not going to put that in the QA but I
will tell you guys where I get my
dresses there's two places that I've
been and getting all of my summer
dresses I'll put them in the link below
in the description along with coupon
codes
I have coupon codes to both places so if
you guys want to see where I get my
outfit and have a discount code for them
for the description will you help me
move the table back oh yeah
I'm starving I seriously you think we
should do something fun and good for
lunch that was like an ordeal reporting
this thing I was sweating we were crying
we were laughing we were going to do it
outside but the chairs are the kids that
were being sold hot outside
they were like laughing jumping on the
trampoline I know I was like they are
driving me crazy doesn't Bonnie get over
it we're there other on their tour of
this event okay hold on area oh here we
go he doesn't even know that even on
thanks boo boo what should we do for
lunch I'm seriously starving okay
or I just thought of this how about we
just like hold ourselves over until the
kids are up Lincoln's up for his nap we
can go grocery shopping for tomorrow and
we'll get something fun while we're out
yay I love when I make decision how I
got hurt oh you see that rock I bought
yeah speaking of rock the job bought me
I was trying on a ring earlier today and
yeah we were having a little bit of
difficulty with some deleting of files
that shouldn't have been deleted today
get into my jewelry here I have a lot of
special jewelry and I don't think I've
ever shown you guys have I ever shown
these guys I mean you bought me all I
think I have can I just show you guys
again okay you guys this is my promise
ring the joel bought me before he went
on his mission to Oregon Eugene Joel
gave me this
as a promise ring and he said that it
wasn't a regular promise ring it was a
promise that I wouldn't marry anyone
that didn't make me happier than he did
but if they did make me happier than he
did he would want me to marry them
because he would heat all the only thing
he cares about is me being happy to
remember that gel I'll be that you
remember that a little bit oh yeah we
were going to the Forgotten Christmas
Carol is that another cutest thing okay
are you guys sick of seeing my face yet
today sometimes I worry I'm like okay I
know this is my channel and you see my
face all the time but seriously do you
get really sick of seeing my face
sometimes it like I need to show the
kids or something do you get sick of
seeing my face should I show the kids
more yeah maybe not think you guys
should tell me in the comments down
below do you like seeing more of just
like me talked you like obviously me and
Joel talking do you want to see more of
the kids or do you feel like it's a good
balance between like me and the kids
Olivia Cody and Boston it's time to come
home and we're gonna go and caitiff time
for you to go home I think we have got
to go run some errands we're gonna get
some dinner
so get your shoes and get all your stuff
no no we'll see
come on straggler come on buddy
all right that's you but go get your
shoes let's go that's you your straggler
you're not okay Boston wait oh forget
your shoes on Joel just rounded the
corner and gasps are you gasping at Joel
just can't believe they're going to do
something wrong this is area another
truth to come in it was just like being
the tractors and working I don't care
what they're doing they could be just
doing circles for all I care hey the
tractor we're right behind you we're
leaving chick-fil-a the kids were
playing in the play area and I'm having
major PTSD we get the hair out of my
mouth
thank you when Olivia was young really
young and I was pregnant with Kody I
took her to an area like that and she
was playing and it was time to go
you threw the biggest fit you ran to the
top and I was by myself and I was like
big and pregnant I was I couldn't eat I
can't even express to you how ticked I
was I was so mad like I'm my inside I
could have just exploded I could have
killed that girl and I was just like
Olivia comes down here and she's gonna
do it she was screaming had to crawl up
there and I remember thinking my huge
butt is not going to fit up in this
thing and it was just it was the biggest
nightmare and I left and I cried I cried
the whole way home I was look like
Olivia you're I'm so naughty for mom and
anyway I was like physically exhausted I
was mentally exhausted and my pride was
down the tubes it was that terrible no
you're not going to say to one of these
the boys wanted to know if these suck
your hair up into it and dry your hair
no it just blows air out onto your hair
it's like a hair dryer but round these
boys have not experienced the salon
because we do I know I always cut the
boys hair but I was recommended by one
of you guys to come to this guy named
Shane well it turns out once I called
Shane on the phone like I was like maybe
I'll just give us courage shot when I
heard his voice now I'm it caught me so
off guard and I left the voice on I was
like I know you guys I think we went to
beauty school together anyway that was a
long time ago and he's done a lot of
like outside training and so he'd gone
to like New York and a few other places
to like learn hot shave and like
barbering and so I'm really excited to
bring the boys here kind of watch and
see what he does different on the boys
hair versus what I do
you're pretty few become fun getting
your hair cut
yes you are hahaha have fun we meet at
handy Boston you look so handsome
can you turn it off hey can you turn
around let me see the back turn releases
back your hair is not in the back of
your bed back your hair so handsome
t-bird till Shane thing very good what
what's the first unit you do sir and
Boston only birthed in his face twice
yeah don't forget that we will be at CVX
live I'll make sure to leave Shane's
information in the description below and
also the information for Stevie XY
because I've want to come and see us in
August 3rd 4th and 5th in Salt Lake City
so you guys Charles hi
