good morning everybody and happy Pioneer
Day it is Pioneer Day here in Utah and
we are celebrating I went for a run to
celebrate and now I'm going to work in
the yard to celebrate that's how I
celebrate my pioneer heritage but I wish
like crazy I can show you the commotion
going on in the bathroom right now
Lincoln and Cody and Boston are all
taking a bath and it is taken up their
entire lifetimes to get them to dump
their face in the water they go crazy
but Lincoln's just doubting his face
every two seconds - yeah I heard you had
a charm for me and Cody I heard you have
a chore for me and Cody what see all
these leads that are down in you feel
those lead I want them all cleaned up
put them in the bucket there's an orange
bucket right there they fill it up
there's three flowerbeds I want all the
way picked up any toys buckets anything
lead pick them up for your chores to do
if you got chores at home to do get them
done get your chores done then you can
play all day long mom - beautiful as
long as ever
moving uphill and easy I always try and
get me a girl did you just pinch him oh
that's not saying I don't picture don't
catch
what I'm going to say cuz I love the way
you love me and I love you too man all
right Boston has been really wanting to
show everybody how he does his hair I
knew oh now where did you learn to do
your hair like this I learned I watched
okay looks like things are going pretty
good
all that mm all right well that looks
pretty good I mean living through the
friend you're getting better it looks
better than last time
here I don't you don't have to care
anymore role or Church sat down to have
a little bite of food with Joel and
what's that what stops mid-sentence what
a little bit is that which I do I inch
it closer every every few minutes if you
have it up here you little turd I agree
Joel and I discussed that we were not
buying one more thing for this house I
do not want to do anything else to it
but I am actually really glad it finally
agreed to that and then I went back on
my word I'm sorry uh no it's good
they're actually very beautiful so these
two I'll show ya are going to be little
pathway lights down to my chin and then
other ones Delta at the base of the
trees and shoot up so cute would you
have to wire underneath the ground to
every light are you kidding me yo wait
when did you plan on doing that are we
going to board enough yeah right okay
forty minutes okay I'm going to the
tying run for three hours okay you're
not done it
the hours I'm going to throw it all my
gosh
yeah it'll be very hot
no it'll be unburied with this holes in
the yard I'm not complaining because gel
does everything like to the tee but it
takes a long time what I guess is fine
you don't have anything else we were
doing we wanted to go to a parade today
and we just have yet kids to a parade
but we're so tired and there's fireworks
tonight I mentally want to go but I
physically don't think I can were so
beat one rule she's like what firework
sprayed my life Oh Olivia I thought this
is the replacement for your Barry that
broke and this could be it or I bought
it I can't remember she's playing a
flute so this must have just got here
late from your birthday oh that's a
thermometer I don't know if I was mmm no
no don't use that don't use that that's
a thermometer look at their monitor you
she's playing a blue almost my grammar
for almost actually pretend watering I
keep like a national not just saying
it's fun but I actually think there's a
real fairy in the garden but one honey
yesterday uncle IRA was up and then I
send it down okay it was on the pond
yes it was on the pond and it looks like
a light thing to hop in so you think
with someone put it down so the videos
not public I think very actuated not be
very because they're made out of glass
but I feel like I'm real fairy thank you
I feel like it did and the tour was over
by the book see that left yeah other
side it and you denied without it right
there
I still wonder need to scary was out
there yeah I'm just maybe back way it
didn't come to Kody again I can he King
thought it was just got distracted with
playing with the other fairy okay so
let's show them what we got
so that is the bridge that was already
that sure you got mm-hmm Oh fairy with a
flu this is pretty stand the bench the
tea set is my absolute favorite part of
this oh you guys showing your little
creatures so what did you got all show
on mine so these ones are ladybug and
they come with you kick kick see
container ground your nails looks like
you've been playing out of the dirt
that's okay Olivia's little creatures
our little bunny and I just go wrong I
don't know what I think is pretty you
are you very well I can't believe that
we might have real fairies running
around here so coming outside for an
update and I know I mean I'm not gonna
gloat that I was right so Joel started
this project at 1:15 it is now four okay
I thought Joel said 1:15 so he started
at 1:45 and it is now 4:15 how long is
that soon enough hours so it's been two
and a half hours and he's not close to
being done and he gave himself another
project why'd you tell everybody what
that is I really read regular wire
we will show you guys the lights tonight
if they're done today
Oh weirdly why'd you saying if they're
done today we'll show them how they look
when they're done tonight they will get
done whether it's at midnight Hey
they'll be done I'm almost up okay I've
got the last one right now kids have
been playing in the yard all afternoon
Olivia is now over at a friend's and the
boys are over at a friend so it's kind
of like quiet it's kind of nice because
they've all been playing here look great
for a while yeah I know I know well they
came in to talk to me I was like I'm on
Google cow I tried not letting them go
in - thanks Nucky I'm sorry no it's okay
and I think each one of them snuck in
but I'm gonna let you finish and I'm
gonna go wake up Lincoln I feel like I
haven't even seen you all day
hey have you just been playing scene a
little bit that's right mostly working
but now you're going to go cool off in
the pool all right
all right love you your dinner Papa the
hot
after spending an entire day in the yard
I discovered a little Jim our Tomatoes
coming in
we got a few coming in there and this
actually this one is just one but kind
of a goofy looking lawn don't don't
bullet don't bow it don't boy what are
we gonna do with those coat
I don't know cut it will you make with
Tomatoes plant tomato sandwiches
what else is going probably our peppers
they're going crazy hey Anaheim peppers
and our bell peppers this is the first
year I've ever been able to get any bell
peppers to grow and like there's a red
one a couple of green ones I think that
one's going to go orange on top this
one's like a mixed variety and our
cucumbers are even coming in I seen one
this little guy
no cucumber I'm very cold I would go off
did you just knock off did you bump it
off okay go get that to mom okay go give
it to mom yeah maybe I don't think it
was hot
anything else in your fireworks going
off in the background but as promised
you can see those are the three lights
that you'll finish and then the two over
here so I'm not really sure exactly what
I think of them but Joel loves them and
that is all it matters so we're going to
close the vlog but before we do Joe and
I really wanted ok the fireworks are
kind of crazy right now Joe and I really
want to do a Q&A we want to do a Q&A of
all the questions that you guys have for
us and nothing is off-limits so you can
ask us anything and we want to do a
really like personal detailed Q&A so ask
us your questions and we will answer
them and in an upcoming video so go
ahead and ask those questions down below
we're going to close the vlog we'll see
you guys tomorrow thanks for watching I
refuse it uh bye
you
