we are just getting to Conestoga Ranch
in Bear Lake Utah and this is where
we're going to be staying so they have a
few of you small cabins they have a few
bigger cabins up here and they have a
restaurant that the rest of my family is
already sitting into and they are
actually waiting on me and I cannot wait
okay the res right here okay that is
just a string mother bod we are in this
little area Malia and her husband are
over here this is our tent and we're
going to go check it out inside the one
concern I have is there's one two three
four cabins and one campfire with a few
chairs so I'm a little concerned at you
know if this is all full what are we
supposed to do just share with like
every item of that part is just a little
different to me so it was like inside
you ready to go inside drugless B what
do you what's your first impression can
you see inside case you come in and
there's a set of bunk beds and set of
bunk beds and that's where me and you
will sleep no you stay here you come
here come here
that's pretty cool do you think I'm
excited I'm totally excited Minich okay
are you going to sleep good in here
okay lay your head down and go to sleep
now your head down to go to sleep
she's like heck mom John can you see yes
come here over here so this is where me
and Dad are going to play
yes okay pick your bunk bed for us
mommy mommy daddy chuckling you do that
okay
okay Ronnie we can bottom you can sleep
wherever you want you to change okay
okay is it fun to have you okay
Oh what if Michael is ready I wish I
would not be born and I am did you
that's what she's excited about tissues
I'm going to angle the camera just right
for the Sun do that or like to see the
colors of tires right behind me oh we
are dying I'm so excited clouds look so
pretty behind that one to get prettier
one coming our way though oh yeah it's
probably gonna rain a nice closet
beautiful though so we just started our
fire and we are here with Malia and her
family because for those of you that
have been watching for a while and that
watched my beauty videos me and Malia
did a video together I'll put it in an i
card up here which is deserves a lot
more love than it got we did awesome in
it no just kidding um yeah we're just up
here in our gutter fire started you go
you don't they did round up the wagon
everybody same snake inside the wagon
anywhere I move this water bucket - this
is what he finds it doesn't matter how
mad I get at him he just wants to play
in the water bucket Lincoln you're
making me crazy
uh-huh no loud music against length on
the ground is burning you can use
daddies you're a stinker Lincoln did you
fall off the table earlier say I fall
down oh you hit your head there okay no
more water you can add it there
how did Lincoln oh he's eating my
chapstick oh my gosh she crawled at the
bottom yeah once I got into writing guys
are my purse you guys judge my eyes only
instead of that you were so he wasn't
lying when he said I thought we were
like muffins go play
like I smell Lincoln shadow in the
content
you naughty bang mommy but he is
literally just sitting there like she
taught little mommy oh hey you guys are
back we're going silent in here and he's
just sitting there eating my chest you
know I'm on a piece of rubber that could
have been really digging they walked in
in the pitch dark when we hear momma
yeah you're naughty right
no if she catches on with his hand I'm
going to die crazy I like you so much
more after watching you do this you're
kind of drawing a crowd here you have an
audio excited you you have to perform
I almost gotten oh okay I'll help you
I'll help you okay we'll help you hold
on Olivia Olivia go to the back of the
bow oh gosh I'm so proud of her
well I'm coming oh oh there she goes if
there's a stark contrast in last my last
time it was like you kids are jumping in
this water we're going home horror and
then I'm I didn't even know love you is
jumping
good job guys progress she's got five
yeah this is his first time voting Oh
you're gonna do so good code are you
shaking cuz you're nervous or cold a
little nervous we don't love it oh my
gosh came for a while thought you might
be bailing is that the same yellow shirt
you can wear but a thousand game name
like almost no time he's like he's
behind the bar and we're going at zero
having fun in there Lincoln he just
buckling up the lifejacket
I don't need to go over all the useless
words which is that when I said the
knight emitted word we're here again
that they thought that we did the first
time I swam a piece for way long our
behalf we've got a five
that one
Oh
Joel still I just bet you're feeling too
nervous to close the vlog is it just to
close the vlogger in front of Maliha
normally a break
personally I'm sorry for any of the
night was shakes away and got shakes and
we hit the jackpot the lines were out
the building we showed up and there was
not one person in the drive-through I
was like this is for real we pulled up
and we were like we got the shakes in
like 10 minutes
hey-ho we're closing the night was
perfect thank you guys so much for
hanging out this you guys were awesome
join know why I like these guys because
they pair it very similar to the way we
do things and so when we're getting
after our kids and it's very similar
it's like okay we can do this if you
hang out together put the PK thank you
so much for watching this weekend's
awesome we'll see you guys tomorrow bye
baby chilling out but
