Wow morning morning Wow sixty Ryo well
don't say no this here you
oh you don't be another face cereal you
will in the rental dollar
yuck cake oh wow there's a cake of it
no okay I mean occasionally you really
escape and anything let's eat your
cereal right woman okay
to the finale oh here comes
silly letter I thought it's a long time
since we had conversation together good
morning everybody we have a big day
planned this morning make it and I gotta
go run a bunch of errands and I like
taking him along because these pretty
evenings in this park if I have the
other kid with me though he's a lot
rougher they rile him up a little bit
too much busy just as me oh wow wow what
no let me just open the blog we don't
want to close it already there we go
come sit down right here come sit down
right here we'll put your shoes on I'm
going to put your shoes on the same way
daddy does every morning I come out here
and sit on the porch just before I go
running and I put my shoes on and then I
get my workout on and it's a good
morning I really like it Frank a truck
oh that's a truck thanks for rubbing it
in though but I really appreciate it
yeah I get that I don't have a truck I
get that I don't have bed carry anything
around it and Frank's all I got you
don't need to rub it in but you just
don't need to do that now there's
another truck Lincoln and I are on a
special missions day which I feel like
every time I pick up the camera like I'm
on a special mission
I'm on a special mission I am on a
special mission and I keep and that is
to repair my house we actually have a
funny little problem where when the
sprinklers are going when they switch
zones and one valve turns on and off the
water hammer inside the house is
unrealistic oh that's gotten even worse
and I know that there's a simple little
fix I actually thought on this old house
he seriously woke up a little bit
aggressive this morning I don't think he
woke up in his peaceful mood and
literally that's the wrong side of the
bed for him waking him up you on your
pant here on your pants well as if today
could not get a little bit more exciting
as I was pulling out of the parking lot
today I was driving down the lane and a
guy backed out and hit me and I feel
really bad because my damage is pretty
minimal I mean for Frank this is pretty
minimal you can kind of see how bet it
it did it I didn't even feel it it was
just like a
like you just felt like felt like when
Bonnie was just rolling over in bed just
pushing me that's about how hard it was
nothing but it really did a lot of
damage to his brand-new minivan
I felt so bad visit parking lot a
sheriff was actually walking right by us
and just looked over and was like well
that's it
nothing they can do because it's in a
parking lot so I told him it's okay
don't worry about it it's just Frank
Frank is a friendly kind and loving car
and he can take a hit and it doesn't
matter but mark my words when I get a
new truck I probably won't be able to be
as forgiving but since it's just him
he's a nice guy
Lincoln didn't realize what had happened
obviously he's a little kid but it was
that simple that he just thought I just
hit the brakes and I got out of the car
said although to the guy he was super
friendly I felt really really bad he was
shaking and just really really anxious
and I was just like man it's okay it's
all good it doesn't matter listen mister
that's my car you're breaking hey you
broke my car you poke my Frank
oh yeah broke yeah thanks for the
reminder really appreciate it best I
guess you're just gonna leave it like
that yeah fix it you put it back
together get it get it fix it
Oh which hard push hard push hard push
hard for sure oh oh oh yeah okay I'll
just take that now that you broke it yep
thank you I have not picked up the
camera one time today and it is almost
four o'clock or year think about that
I've had nothing interesting to show and
I feel like I just want to hide my face
today not for any specific reason other
than I'll tell you so I went in and got
a facial this morning too I'm going to
like look at myself as I talk to you
guys you see she kind of like picked at
my face and so it's a little bit red but
with this and I haven't gone in for a
little while so I was treated for
rosacea like several treatments in a row
and then I didn't go in for a while and
when I went in she was like your rosacea
doesn't look good like this second she
saw me I was like what I think I look
not red but her is so trained that she
just was able to catch it so quickly
anyway so she works on my face a little
bit and I don't know why it bummed me
out it just kind of put me in a bad mood
I just want my I mean I know I have fine
skin I don't have acne it's pretty
smooth I mean it's fine
but if I don't take care of the rosacea
now it gets really really bad he gets
really really bad and maybe that's why
I'm like worried and I'm not like
worried I'm not bum just just I just
didn't want to do it
and so I haven't wanted to put any
makeup on because I just want to just
not touch it I don't want to leave it
alone so that the medication that's on
it
just be like left alone anyway you know
how you have those off days where you're
just like I'm not going into town I'm
not doing anything so I don't want
anyone to see me I don't have that
luxury I have to show your money phase
and I for real I thought to myself I'm
just going to make Joel blog today that
whenever you very nice my kids are gone
so I don't have them to entertain you
only text me but I will show you kind of
what I've been doing I've sat here with
two computers yes I need two computers
and phones and its physical calendar to
schedule out my days I've been looking
at all the stuff for CVX live which if
you guys are thinking about coming to
CVX live you should really come into CSO
on saturday the link is the fifth we
have a superfan experience where there's
just a hundred people that are allowed
in the room and we have like this group
little meeting together I am most
excited for that I've never done one of
those before so we will still be having
the regular meetup line where you come
and you stand in line for the people you
want to meet but on top of that we'll be
doing the superfan experience on
Saturday I'll make sure to leave a link
in the description I'm going to check
out buying tickets there you can do that
there and so I'm getting all that
separating for CVX I am talking I'm
doing your class on sponsorships so I'm
kind of like not like writing a top that
I need to prepare for that as long as
I've been of them like be supportive
like what am I gonna say and who's going
to show up
that adds me a little nervous I've been
like going over stuff with that and you
guys this purse situation is a slope and
joke so anyway there's my this is what a
gentle afternoon that's what I've done I
just scheduled I scheduled like doctor
appointments my schedules pedicure and
things like that so that my feet look
nice for CVX anyway it's just been kind
of a workday
you know they mean like Joel just been
doing his thing I've been doing mine and
Linc
taking up thinking long that in fact I
think we should go wake them up four
o'clock and I want to go to bed at a
good time he usually sleeps from like
one two three I think one kind of two so
it's four so thinking hey it's my I'm up
here oh I did hi you messy haired boy
hurry this tent has really grown on me
you guys there's a crib tent and it is
fabulous I'll put that in the
description for you too just in case you
wanted to look at it remain on your
donkey hmm time to wake up what what
going so big you look so big my little
baby come on go get a drink yeah I'd
like that sounds good you want to go get
a drink
good afternoon everybody we are back in
my favorite corner of the entire house
this section of utilities today I have
to do the same thing because I have a
water hammer problem that has actually
been here since we bought the house it's
driven us nuts
it kind of got better when we redid all
the plumbing now it's even worse I feel
like it just gets worse and worse more
so I bought apart but hopefully we'll
fix it but I have to cut into all my
water line again soak the floor again do
everything house maintenance never ends
it absolutely never ends and these old
homes they just they just have little
quirks and problems about them that's
just no way around it we need this money
room for all kinds of work stuff you
know makes it easy to work in tight
quarters and get rageous Ed Banger air
conditioner are tingling cos they're
gonna live it now so what I call my
plumber this morning I said I need three
pieces soldered together that did all
the work you'll have to do all the all
the prep work I know how to solder
tubing but I don't really trust my
soldering I'm not that good at it and
that is my main most line coming into
the house if that breaks I got to go out
to the yard to shut it off and that can
fill out a lot of water really really
really quick so I want him to do it but
I told them I'll do all the prep work so
all he's got to do is bring his torch a
little bit of solder and we're good
you know we do and we don't have kids we
go to Sam's Club let me buy a lots of
stuff he's an honest honor camp yeah all
of us over to see those tears in his
eyes he's a little laundry pants
Lincoln oh my gosh you guys it's blazing
hot out here today like oh I don't want
to be out here
yeah these balloons
well the launcher I guarantee Cody would
love that launcher I think it's crazy
that he recognizes we and then he goes
busting you this is what's on the docket
for tonight
Lincoln's upstairs asleep joel has the
vlog mostly edited when I presented it
yeah we just got to add this little clip
right here this no how's my hair look
very nice yellow denies well it looks
like date night material and my face
looks like dignitaries are awesome see
you going to hang on up for my sweetie
ah coming you can cover that up every
great yeah that's better
all right we're going to end the vlog
here and we'll see you guys tomorrow
don't forget to check out the links that
I put in the description and we'll see
you guys tomorrow bye bye guys I promise
I'll be in a better mood okay me too
