oh my gosh we're on our way to go pick
up Mike I have been without a couch
since October I celled it I sold it a
little prematurely and then I couldn't
find the couch that I liked everybody
superman' out she certainly had to be
there in the next 20 minutes okay let's
go Lincoln I'm gonna leave you bye bye
little boy
see ya know that backfired okay let's go
I know and I am so excited
okay hop down so we can get out I think
we should leave Lincoln in his car seat
yeah but he's so contained in his car
seat unlike these wild animals that just
crawl on the tree and act like animals
outside to be honest and it feels good
to get my new couch
you ready you know what if you're
smiling nice but where did you say you
saved our what word lets me say that I
say that oh that's a naughty word it's
my word I convinced Lincoln that knuckle
sandwich was a really naughty would I
just say yeah what word is that goes
south don't say that word don't say that
word yeah oh my gosh that's so naughty
and stinky
okay I gotta help dad you stay right
here fine Lena tree you can't claim the
tree cuz you're too little and you took
your socks and your boots off that was
naughty
almost as naughty as saying nothing
sandwich
okay you put them on you when you're
done tell me and I'll get you out am I
gonna be able to lift this does it seem
heavy don't cut the couch you swear
you'll not touch the couch with your
pocketknife okay
what am I witnessing right now I'm not
sure what's going on but this is amazing
okay I know boys boys hey I if I if I
say enough does that mean to keep doing
what you're doing I'm really hoping that
I can get it out of the truck near you I
hope you pick it on.she drove by and we
were like giving it out so she's gonna
witness the magic it's beautiful
it's Joel's convinced me that I'm strong
enough to do this
oh are you good I actually am good this
is small which is good that wanted it to
not be like this honkin thing yeah and
like the height is so good too
okay I'm so glad you were here should we
try centering it on the windows yeah
yeah and the window sucks
it's weird how short the back is like I
am not used to that all right guys I
have a couch and it's centered under my
window and it's adorable and it's cute
and I think it's so bright
just barely ordered a 5-foot faux fig
something leaf tree to go right there
that I think be really really cute I was
laying on the couch testing it up put a
few feelers out there and Boston came
running upstairs and eagles happy
birthday mom and he gave me a kiss nose
like what do you mean he's like you got
this for your birthday I was like how
did you remember that you little cutie
what you doing I wanna get go funny one
oh okay so this is our Friday night
ritual right guys yeah and if you guys
are good you get to stay in the tent
right and
if you're naughty then what I'll tell
you what if you're good
and you'll stay in the tent but if
you're bad you'll be separated that's
right that's right yeah so they're gonna
watch Ferdinand for the five bajillion
time oh you're gonna watch robots okay
happy Friday night I love you all see
they're just like done zoned out see ya
you guys are all getting frog legs for
dinner
black strawberries are yucky black
things are yeni okay jug chocolate this
is black chocolate do you do a lot
cupcakes you love cupcakes who doesn't
come on does calendar ever has a bag
yeah no I'm looking yes I'm looking for
once my head this way
what's up that window what do you see a
hell of a you see a bright light and
we've been watching shine stars I like
that and the big star reminds you babies
say good night everybody then come back
over here shade our pasta no sir that
word go through my back oh you don't
talk to mommy like that how do you talk
to mom oh yes I want to curl your back
lay your head down Oh
Oh does that so good
say good night everybody tonight you
better run scared when I chase and we
just like tackles he's hauling me like
you want me to land you're talking
that's disgusting
you get cozy downstairs okay I'm gonna
go get some Vado's yeah you say them
every time I bring it home for some
reason your fork ends up in my food
that's private don't talk like that I'm
just working my food okay oh you said my
breakfast matter earlier on each breath
is bad like I know my guess is that
there's something medically wrong but
like no you would just didn't brush your
teeth today
okay if you guys haven't seen our new
clothing line Polly that stool space is
going with them check it out it's in the
description below we started getting in
we started getting in orders pictures of
people's orders and I've been posting
them on our Bali Instagram page that's
like ridiculous okay anyway
later
