good morning you guys it is Olivia's
eighth birthday today we are so excited
we are in here wrapping Olivia's
presents the boys picked out their own
presents for Olivia
Cody picks them out he picked this one
out and he picked this one out for you
to give to ouvea please don't let it
what are in the boxes in your home I'm
not going to tell you you'll have to see
when Olivia opens them yes ones in my
room are the ones from me and dad and
dad doesn't even know what they are the
expense piece was gone all week and so I
picked them out and everything so made
for a maid we had church this morning
which is why everyone is in their church
clothes and that's okay that's why we
did Olivia's birthday kind of party
yesterday being really have like a
birthday party but we wanted to do
something fun yeah so we all went to the
ladies which we did not record because
we just didn't we enjoyed our day and
have a lot of fun just being together as
a family and focusing just on each other
and not getting good footage
thank you go one more
Oh perfect hey I'll give you a foggy day
when you want okay guess you're not
ready
I'll give you peace of battery right
corner yeah Oh Cody that's a nice crap
job let's see clapping let's see yours
turn it upside down thanks the other
angle oh that was nice can you run put
on the table what do you guys think of
the table do you think it's beautiful
enough for your tepee yeah and then I
tell you here's gonna change one you
want touch it don't you okay is that not
the prettiest cake you've ever seen I am
so excited about her cake and
successfully we have not had one kids
with their fingers yes yeah yes yeah yes
yes well I want me please keep an eye on
these children okay and now you might
say not change out of your clothes I
heard you guys action we're gonna sing
happy birthday and then I know I feel
scarier the two year old I always loved
okay I used to always make the birthday
cake and I do feel guilty when I don't
the last couple of years we've gone to
temptation cupcake at the local store
here in Logan and they make the best
cakes and cupcakes ha Cody Oh what were
you doing then my fingers over
everything what were you doing I mean do
we need to do a replay I think you need
to tell me what you think you were doing
I want Elena do you have a lighter in
your hand
kill toasters daddy crowd control on
these programs oh yeah is that pretty
anyway the last couple of years
temptation cupcake has made our cake for
Olivia and this year we got some
cupcakes to take down to a family party
that we're going to say Thank You Cara
be Olivia's in here I walk during
while the boys were coming while the
boys were putting the presents I loved
orange you scared the crap out of me
hahaha a very happy birthday birthday
girl now I want to know your best part
of yesterday because we had some cousins
come up and we went to the lake what was
your favorite part of yesterday the
ducky that was so much fun here
it really was kay are you ready to see
your kick okay I'm guiding you I'm
guiding you I should have run you into a
wall okay open your eyes
bang hey do you think it looks pretty
it's okay if you won't look she won't
look through the cracks it's not pretty
you guys I wanted to be known we just
got the perfect picture and posted it to
Instagram
it's the perfect picture it's really
hard to get good pictures of fresh
moving tips on open their birthday
presents and I know that seems a little
unfair like oh who cares but her life
yes I will take baby come here
oh shoot I got your shirt dirty and I'm
sorry it's okay I'll wash it for you hey
I can't see the birthday girl sit over
here
let's go small differences what's up
disappointing and would you like the
door closed on your birthday present
yeah whatever okay you know I'm so
excited it's so beautiful I don't want
to either
I don't like heaven okay we're gonna let
Daddy do it okay happy birthday to you
happy birthday to you happy birthday
dear Olivia happy
you Wow
good girl here I'm trying bungle came
I cannot wait for you to open it
can I hear let me out move it's totally
from you um it's totally from me and dad
yes I don't know I don't think my god
okay okay I'll see you will find the
gate oh I wonder bata if the door didn't
open girlfriend wouldn't put they have
fake candles that have an out fake
flames you can put a candle in there by
the light to multi cars out there
you can what happened one let me see
I can't become of a watering can whoa
I'm ready huh
oh no animal yeah did you see the other
house in there yeah how did you I want
to see and that door opens - are those
not the most beautiful thing that you've
ever seen here it is Rudolph Furst is
open there's more mushrooms and to
Olivia let me see let me see code Carrie
she how'd you get this out oh oh yeah
the fairies are stuffed up in there so
you'll have to open those you're all
worried other down take this I'm going
to go back to me this has a little rake
and shovel and hose all this hot little
hole okay hey guys Olivia
I'm so happy you let me see her braids I
have an entire you know underfoot
Naim is picking the dorsum a socialist a
shoot oh she is pretty and I didn't know
she had two braids folks just like you
but her arm is broke so we'll have them
send us a new one okay fairies come
fairies and gnomes fairies no no no I
knew you were going to be okay well I
don't think you know it all right guys I
can't look oh yeah why do you want
Elsa hear me oh yeah I did you have
advised the nude yummy for tonight
I know you're going to love you I just
don't like you everything Oh token that
you would be excited the boys went
downstairs and Lincoln's taking a nap
and Olivia and I have just been playing
we've been using steps making a what
would you call this I don't even know
like append la to be a village yes we've
been making a village and we discover
that that's a table and chair and be
like this could be like a thing where
you can write like a show but like what
people saying close mm-hmm like that's
almost like a stage those would be the
woods bit of iron right here okay and
that's like a house for a couple fairies
moon the other house yeah all that frogs
in it yep and what are the frogs do I
probably I protected in a house like
yeah I mean no try to come in mm-hmm
the butterfly chair is my favorite oh
and this is the cutest part and tango
gets warm with Eddie oh yeah my love
so for the last many years we have come
to my cousin Douglass's house his wife
has the fit mami channel that she does
the workout videos on that I follow that
I tried to halt and anyway we come here
and we do fireworks every year we watch
the Weber State firework and so this
year was no different
do you see everybody behind this and
having a barbecue we always set up the
net so we do water balloon volleyball
sometimes with your hair what I know I'm
sorry I'll rip out my weed as you guys
so much for watching Olivia's birthday
blog this year and happy birthday my
little sweet Olivia we'll see you guys
tomorrow bye guys
you
you
