hi you finally have her perfect oh my
gosh I'm so excited to hear your voice
how was it really any accident then
really oh my gosh
it's Friday evening and tonight is our
Drake white concert and I finally have
my man back hello Jolie dolly hi guys
yeah we were so excited when Joel got
home I'm still wet in the morning so
when I said that I like scream that I
did not like our choices so much then
you screamed huh
we're all ready for our concert Boston
just woke up from a little nap on the
way down to a man who's a little cranky
excited to be here Cody just woke up
from his little nap taking up the last
time was happening yes you did close
your eyes and reads at the same time
hopefully check it out VIP gate
sponsored by that's girl so we walked in
from the behind and they've got a dinner
area right here the stage is right here
and we're going to go get some tickets
put up friends for my family and even
the polar yo he wants to see C team on
the floor I'm so excited
117 case
there was loud music can you guys down
that right now yeah we'll put a we'll
put an i card to that video up here
somewhere I was walking over to find my
boobs which is right over there and
grandmas over there and let's has been
you're waiting for me and one - for you
to say hi to everybody
hello yeah my number one fan that's so
awesome in your my house dress up for me
to your house yeah why do you bring it
another saminin in the car okay so nice
to see you here and guess what my dad's
gonna be here soon
okay Bobby your number-one fan is here
people him in Miami who brought you her
shafted I get I shall maybe it isn't
worth the wait oh well I showed up to my
booth and she was sitting right there
waiting for me and only one hi hey if no
one else shows up at least I had you
Jared said to excuse all the sweat but
this is my brother Jared and I
introduced him a few months ago but he
is the source of us coming to enable you
saw and working with the concert thank
you you're very welcome thank you guys
coming thanks for supporting an able
Utah yeah it's kind of fun now that we
know we actually have families that
participates with enable Utah that makes
it even more full-circle kinda cool so
thank you Jared you're very welcome
thank you guys for coming out we've got
done with our dinner and we got to our
table Joel and Bonnie Helene how many
three generators Mike came from
California when we were doing this you
have you have made perfect the local
Ogden TV station came over and did a
little interview with the family that
came down from California so it's kind
of fun yeah
No
they're only got that to our house it is
after midnight all the kids are in bed
they partied so hard they had so much
fun dancing my favorite part was the
kids dancing with Miss Alden rodeo Miss
Rodeo Ogden miss Ogden rodeo and the
runners that they were dancing with them
all night Olivia when she touched Drake
whites and she said I'm never watching
this hand again it was so sweet I think
my favorite part was just having Joe
home I was so excited to have Joe home I
was partying with us you were cute to
dance with the kids like kids yes yes
because everybody looks like an idiot
seem easily not any people that know how
to dance to look like idiots we just
don't that's it I can blend in with that
we just want to say a special thanks to
Joe's brother Jared for getting this all
put on for us we are grateful for enable
Utah there's such a great organization
that personally has benefited my family
with my Aunt Linda it was fun having her
there our number one fan tonight was
just fun it just felt so good to be out
in the warm summer air in just one hot
favor first oh I was dying well when
when we had to meet up the Sun was like
so hot so what was dripping down my back
yeah I would you want to say thank you
to all those that came and I'm so tight
as it was so nice to meet you guys and
thank you guys so much for the support
we love you guys we love that we get to
do this I know I said this yesterday we
love what we do this is the most
incredible opportunity that we've ever
had so thank you guys for watching I
will see you guys tomorrow right
you
