beyond something old add a view de
drogas Abby is the oldest of these three
and she is so patient and so kind
all my hard objects why don't you guys
reshuffle and then do it again you
should see I'm using oh honey he's like
not even doing it fully either well
drive safer I love you okay Lincoln
thank you for helping me get ready this
morning
wow you're a great helper you're a great
little helper don't worry your agree to
the doctor I'll cough what what is that
that's my chapstick do you want some you
can use some chapstick want me to help
you
oh yeah you like that I did my own
yesterday and I popped one off so I'm
gonna have to paint it again good
morning you guys before we get started
with our day of sign with a girl what
huh get me to hold you
now let's see what this does ha we could
try turning you want a minute ago and it
said memory card locked and pressed not
aw crap anyway I turned it out or turned
it back on it where it's wholly casual
jerk but sure you're safe mm-hmm roll
yeah was mama doing her face so yeah
face Hey so what I was trying to say
okay hi I'm trying to pay tomorrow
Friday the 14th is is the day that we
are going to be doing the Drake white
concert in Ogden Utah so if you guys
want to come and meet us and also go to
a concert then you can buy the tickets
with the link in the description and I
hope that my family doesn't mind me
saying this but I may or may not be
having my entire family there so if
you're walking around the concert you
may or may not be seeing them including
this tooth girl in their family are you
doing my dishes she has been nothing but
help I don't have to do anything she
does like help if everything is are you
like this because you're at your
auntie's how are you doing this because
you always do this kind of stuff a
little bit of both okay so she's on her
best behavior and it's just kind of
naturally ingrained in her we also have
grandma groundhog coming and my Aunt
Linda honey oh yeah because and I may
tell you because Aunt Linda she works
with the organization that's putting
this concert on so it's kind of personal
for me which is why I'm doing this I
really love the group that takes care of
my Aunt Linda and they always put on
these concerts and a few other
activities and things so she will be
there she was there last year and yeah
I'm really excited I hope
I come out to it I hope you come and see
me I'm going to be we'll have our own
booth set up there so cuz the guys come
and support us the first stop that we're
going to make is really boutique I need
to have something to wear for the
concert tomorrow just I don't know if
everyone is just being really nice and
saying that they like this shirt on me
you actually really like it okay
hopefully you can see the best let me
try and show you the back of it what I
like is above that is the back it kind
of comes in long and if you look up
closer has like little frillies on it
and when I saw this on their website I
thought it was going to be a really
tight fitting firm shirt like it looked
like a like a denim shirt it is so soft
and I can bend over and squish my
shoulders like this I don't feel like
I'm going to rip it okay I'm gonna get
it and thinking that this might be one
of the shirts that I might wear for the
thing you guys will have to be honest in
the comments below if not I am Jets
fresh out of the package but I just feel
like that's a really cute shirt okay I
like it
and for size my friends everything that
I get from really I wear a size large
and they're very true to size so you
think of a Sunday okay yes her initial
yeah okay so maybe this one so this is
another dress and this is actually in a
sizing medium because it's a really
stretchy one and so it fits a little bit
more snug but I like I didn't want it to
be like huge okay yeah like that just to
really cute I like the little front
detail this is the sweetest dress ever
you can see my tank top I wouldn't want
to wear that this is the sweetest dress
so this is a size medium I thought it
was going to be a little Chloe R but it
is a little tighter so I'm going to get
a large in this one which is my normal
size but if the dress is stretchy
sometimes I can get away with a medium
but most often is going to be a large
anyway so I think I love this but I'm
going to get a large this is a shot of
their store it's very pretty in here and
the girls that work here are
incredibly sweet so you guys need to
tell me which outfit you would wear to
the concert one two or three the first
second or third that I put on my ask the
girls wanted to like I asked me was okay
if they were and then they're like
fixing their hand they're like yeah
really quick thank you if you guys want
to use a discount code if you guys want
to shop here I'll make sure all the
links are in the description I have a
discount code for 15% off if you guys
want to use it to this school thank you
shop we're heading into the library and
I don't know if that's a lame thing to
do to bring the kids into the library do
you guys think it's lame that we're
going to the library for lunch see if
you guys are awesome they think reading
is super cool which it is super cool and
I think it's going to be nice because
Olivia will be able to know what kind of
book these girls read because we need
some suggestions for Olivia because I
don't know I've never had yet her age I
think for myself would be a good book
for people inside and land of stories
okay that's what we're going to look for
and more books on tape to listen to
because we've looking two million times
we hit the joy code we found the what is
the slant of stories and some more juni
be Jones and Olivia this is the book she
got last time and she wants us you know
there's any be you yes and I got the
mouse and the motorcycle and run away
Ralph
I think that Cody and Boston are going
to love that which PS I'm kind of
missing my voice um you know Mouse in
the motorcycle pro-q like forever ago
and forth so my mom is doing my cousin's
toenails and so what car did you the
Abbi I don't know what color that it's
not white but it's like it is prettiest
light pink color yeah and what car did
you get sparkly dark so it's really
sparkly yeah what car did you get Olivia
okay so I got this this
with this color so this color with this
on top of it and we are doing Julie's
first so while the girls went to
achievement days me and sherry went to
the salon and we got Sherry's first
pedicure I felt so happy that we got to
go do it together her very first and I
accumulated a really great job I chose
pink and she shows that summery orange
color so now our legs are like nice and
shiny and smooth thanks I got to show
you girls this toast so he's a dancer
pink and yours are all very smushed in
red whoopsie okay it's okay it happens
to the best of us it's okay happens to
the best of us Olivia I want to see your
toes Olivia went with a Robin blue color
cute I just will link into going over
them lay down and we'll see if we did it
sneaking totally didn't ok come in they
gotta go get your jammies on Wow Bob hey
cool are you saying yeah she's not bye
baby
treat ah you sing it no who is that
hi donkey no thanks I'll give you your
pink in a minute no oh
Ali don't bite your doggy what's up it's
not nice what is the sheep say wow it
sure does
what does a dog safe but yes hey you
know it's not broke
it's not broke Oh with a virgin
tweet-tweet what does the bird say your
head John I'm so glad I caught that on
film he hates to lay on my hair and if
you lays on my hair he says he'll yucky
this on you it's not you yucky lay your
head on my lay down look I don't know
why you guys but can you give mommy a
kiss tonight no no good night
and while can you give mommy a kiss can
I mmm you wanna kiss me hmm looking at
yourself I don't want to kiss my spine
stuff okay okay okay great I want you to
kiss the leg I'm gonna hair in your
mouth I'm sorry see can anybody see
Canadian heavy hair
yeah oh yeah
you it's not you don't know that if it's
so annoying to eat it it's so rude I'm
so offended you you're picking your nose
you yuck
cool yeah I don't want it ohand you see
that I ready to eat it ok we are going
to say good night to you guys thank you
so much for watching it's been so fun
having my niece's here with us don't
forget to check out all the links that I
have in the description and we'll see
you guys tomorrow we take the girl's
back and so we will make the swap
tomorrow we'll see you guys tomorrow and
that's all I got
