good morning you guys I am packing to go
to the reservoir but first I want to
thank CVS for sponsoring today's awesome
video do you guys remember when we were
in Disneyland and Olivia got sick
Joel ran first thing in the morning to
the closest pharmacy which has happened
to be CVS because they are everywhere we
were able to give the medication that
Olivia needed and she was able to party
her guts out for the rest of the day
what we couldn't have done if we needed
to was make an appointment at the Minute
Clinic they have physician assistants
and nurse practitioners there that can
help diagnose you and to write you a
prescription if you need it and you can
pick up the prescription right there and
when you go to pay for that prescription
if you're using the CVS app all of your
information is going to be stored in
there your credit card your name your
date of birth all the information that
you usually have to spout off and think
about to give to the pharmacy because I
know when I go in and I'm paying for my
stuff I don't want to rummage through my
purse you should see it it's a disaster
but I have a sick kid on my hip my other
kids running around at my feet and so
having your information in the app makes
it quick hassle-free easy solace you
just do it if you guys want to check out
the free CVS app I will make sure that
it is in the description below and now
on to our regular vlog Jerry wants to
know what year the car is 1997 er Oh
like how many years this year I don't
know 20 years old this Union person is
not an adolescent anymore one more year
in the seeking drink don't you girls go
follow mother Frank Sharry do not be
embarrassed of your sister honey do not
be embarrassed
I love here cutting the watermelon for
our party
and I hear the girls fighting and then I
hear the pure girls like lemonade and
render once there is I spun around to
dress it up hair curly hair boys sing
together all day long well don't go the
energy
bang bang ginger taste round it up and
do a big Naurang up are they ignoring us
I'm always the late one why am I always
Arlington so glad I'm not the light one
today you know you're never late one I'm
always late one you guys are like ready
I like homie oh that's weird cuz I'm
glad you think so
you're mine I made family soon all right
we made it
Hiram damn business cudgel arrambam iron
my pork we're here I told the girls that
I will jump in first if they all jump in
because I really want them jump in the
water and they agreed they're going to
do it this is this reservoir pretty
abiquiu a little and sherry okay come
here
you guys are all going to stand up here
you're going to sit on your button and
on the count of three or you can stand
on it or you can sit on your knees
however you feel no right here this is
where you do it I'm going to be in the
water and when you jump in I'll be there
and we'll all come out together okay can
you guys do it okay hold on I'm late
right okay you want me to jump in first
yeah and I don't want to hey I don't
want to jump in but I'm doing it because
I know you and I want you to do it
alright I think I got a drone on me
you're all going together a little baby
girl you guys good job
I'm proud of you I'm sure people to hang
up for like working I kiss your ass
we share a smile excuse I'm so high okay
one two three
you like nice big push for the day we
rented two paddle boards and one blow-up
kayak and right now we have a be Julie
and Olivia in this blow-up back and I
have no aisle if you have never done
this so we'll see how things go with
them out there popping sherry and Ellie
and Jackson going out for the first time
on a paddleboard Lincoln High
oh my gosh let me just jump up the canoe
you look so cute up there
you
email here in the kayak with the two
CPUs Calvin hi yes
hi sweetie great you are yes and you can
take it that I thought
hi guys hi
and
jaren I just rode ridiculously hard over
here to big toe which is not very far
from where we're at but that thing sucks
it going straight now like with Coralie
it took us like a half hour yeah we did
more circles than we did straight we're
at big toe going to jump this pig and
I've heard of people doing this for
years and I kind of wanted to but we got
to go out running this way we don't know
if we're supposed to be here or not
there's a guy up there police boat but
he's not waving or shouting or anything
so I guess we'll find out don't follow
me Garrett this is straight up hi Joe
you're going first what what this is
your idea man how far how long hours oh
my gosh oh just you can't think about
huh that's okay I mean he gets out there
pretty far cowabunga that's the turtles
deal yeah okay this where you start from
yeah yeah rotted it out stop don't stop
I make don't slip either push off the
end oh yeah there can be on out there
yeah Joe what do you think there you be
hurt then
okay here we go whoo
did you just wake up mister you have
sleepy hair truck
yeah oh my gosh II don't talk like that
I'm gonna spank your mouth
Cece the one vehicles the low resemble
truck he's got funny but I say a little
bit about proving some ice cream my
school 27 yeah no I promised the girls
we'd bring them to Yogurtland if they
were brave enough to jump off that deck
exploding over here anyway but that was
a really good incentive and they did it
and they did really good was it worth it
was it worth jumping off the deck for
this right now
yes I'll find you napkins Julie I can
almost guarantee you won't be able to
eat all that that's right I don't know
especially mine yes the cherry on top I
just met the family that's miss cinnamon
sticks
Joel always gets pistachio what kinda
did you get the Cheesecake nice I got a
little I don't know a little of
everything
did you hear that she's getting her
dolls ready for bed laughs baby is
finally out so we get a lot I know that
is finally out to rent so we're going to
watch it
he's only got to see that this movie is
so funny all your necessary yep she went
and sat in the theaters my boys are
going to be so jealous they've wanted to
see it for so long see you bro for
staying at my house I love them here oh
this is my name is Ben to you
wowza wowza
is this an electric you this is you why
this is
Oh become off we turn our happy Thursday
we're closing here before it gets worse
Hey
