can you guys how much Marshall Lagoon
was using this bright blue picture all
of your watches the bathroom this
morning and she goes huh is this new
like ah no and she's like this blue one
is gorgeous there we go
so naturally we put it on her because
why be a Mac and Ralphie she's got a
little blue in here let's see close your
eyes and she's like one - you use ones
of sparkling one this is this one is we
put a little bit of sparkle on the
inside I said well if you're trying Mac
is that this is the lipstick I'm wearing
so she got the look going on this
morning we are getting ready today
because we are going down to see my
sister Ruby we are going to do a little
swap of the kids today
please scone cuz when they're in your
guys I let me match it and I do message
next that we may learn this if you do a
magic tender the mystery fish I'm gonna
Shinto you're going to have so much fun
that everybody when they all have that
much toys are you kidding me they have
more toys than we do oh yeah they do now
we finish in here oh oh
carefully I always get excited when I'm
seeing any of my sisters and so I'm
putting on my Hawaii bracelets is a
weird that I don't like to wear these
because I'm like oh I don't like ruin
them I don't want to wear them out so I
never wear them
I've got my Hawaii ring on and not the
one that I was scammed with and I put on
way too much perfume I was spraying this
on the other day and everyone and I had
a few people that were like what kind of
perfume do you wear my absolute favorite
kind of perfume is the Michael Kors the
over
gentle kind o my go through bottles of
it and I always wear too much perfume
like any kind of put perfume on is not
just like onesie twosie spray it's like
okay after 10 sprays okay I think I'm
good to go
for the next several days the boys have
one backpack one change of clothes
and I can guarantee when the girl when
Rubies girl comes to my house as what
they're going to have they're going to
have one backpack very minimal minimal
stuff and we do it because it's like if
if any of the clothes get dirty we'll
wash them if they get dirty enough it's
like we just want to keep these so
simple we don't want to lose crap I like
that we think the same Lincoln I'm going
to miss you today I'll see you later
you're going to stay with Daddy Cody
you're gonna have fun with Lincoln today
getting ready for camp
boy camp yep I was going to scout camp
and they're going to go get all the food
they need today high adventure camp high
adventure camp mm-hmm when did you climb
in there hi
Oh Lincoln and I are on a mission today
to get me all the way ready for young
man's camp I'm not worried about what I
can pack because I could survive on just
about nothing but I got to make sure the
boys are covered and I got an eye opener
this weekend when I went for Alan Jared
the matches I had stored in my survival
kits before whether they didn't work
they've gone bad so I either to find
better brand so it bounced the better
grant found some targets sounds deep and
now we're going to find some other stuff
that we need but I have a need for the
boys are you're going to have a good
time WowWee we are here after the two
plus hour drive and yes we are here for
Russell's birthday party and we're here
at pain times and the whole tribe goes
away the whole drive down here I was
cracking up so the kids were playing
what game were you guys playing
telephone you guys were playing
telephone and Boston was having a hard
time knowing how to do it and you know
how when you're explaining a game to
little kids it's like you start out nice
and it's like Derek decided I reckon I'm
so boss and we're first and the thing
that he told the other kids he's like
mom is the prettiest it's like the
status-based
oh my go you will love me no matter what
i and guess what I will love you no
matter what you know that but when
you're a kid I wish to pick take lessons
best Rachel yeah okay and one other fun
thing that we were doing is a screaming
game I'm sister I totally was making me
laugh so hard
Nakota has the best scream out of all of
them let's hear it
okay go in here your scream have been
really good now no bosses were like me
and I can't scream the high pitch unless
I'm genuinely scared
so scream as high as you can he can't go
too high and even if I tried I hated the
funniest thing in the world is for me
when I'm asked all try and scream really
high-pitched you just keep physically
can't do it it's like like right now I
try I just can't it's like you think I'm
kidding but I'm not unless I'm being
scared I can't scream that high-pitched
sound we just got to the jump area or
this diary I don't know where we are
hang time and I can't flop Eve your arm
is long you've got this for Boston that
is so fun why'd you tell Eve thank you
can you can you tell you thank you
she's happy enough she's like dancing
thank you easy are you gonna do a black
okay it makes me really nervous
oh my bracelets are going to hurt you
well I can't get you up okay there we go
sorry
my bracelet sound you all right go ahead
thank you all the three year old city
they're not ready to play I don't have
enough swing pieces
yes I was flying squirrel
uncle Bo is the best
Russell has never done a back flip and
he's going to attempt it I feel like I
shouldn't record in case there's some
major like injury or something
what's I we can have some lunch and you
can have your drink you've been toting
around for two hours now only jobs of
the day and all morning long I thought
I'm going to go get me something good
for lunch something but she wouldn't
normally with me a lot and then I
realized we had barbecue leftovers
hamburgers and some hot dogs so we are
having second day barbecue which i think
is pretty good I have a leftover guy I
think a lot of people don't really like
leftovers I am a leftovers guy some
reason the food just tastes a little
better when it's settled down the next
day you get out of that Gator egg he
tracked on first you got to eat all your
food first then you can have more drink
everyone just taking a picture behind
Russell and I love how everyone just
bursts up Cody is not going to leave his
side
tell me that's not the cutest thing
you've ever seen I cannot believe this
Russell got an RC car for his birthday
and they got Kody one too you go give
that Ruby the biggest hug and uncle
Kevin put it down being a big hug
you tell them thank you
I feel so guilty the day has kind of
gone by things I wanted to get done I've
sort of gotten done but not everything
and I've had a few distractions so I'm a
little bit behind and I wanted to make
sure that the dishes and everything were
cleaned for Bonnie when she gets home so
that is my goal right now Bonnie works
quo so hard to keep this house
immaculate and clean so I want to just
make sure she has a good fresh clean
sink to come home to dishes are done now
I just need to dry them off and we will
be finished and we'll start mopping
these floors and getting everything done
and ready for one I could not have
finished at a better time just best
mopping the floor and Tito woke up hey
cutie boy you like your tent don't check
he loved this thing it seriously is like
it's his little cage match thing in here
he has a cage fight every night with
that dog he pummels it oh this is why we
had it oh look at him if we have it he
would get clean out of there no problem
all right we are unpacking Cody and
Boston reow Thank You Chad and we are
loading up the girls
we've got Abby and Julie and we even are
bringing Cherie and huge emojis what the
heck we're not gonna Seattle Cody you
promise you'll be good promise you'll be
good and if that Ruby told you to do
something you do it hey I miss you love
you got the birthday dress off Boston
you know miss you
it's let's give you the boy if you
promise we'll go to bed and she goes to
go to bed and don't beat up Chad for no
reason okay he's like no
some very good friends contacted me
today and said they met with some
electrical work they are trying to put
the AC in their house for the very first
time this help someone have it and their
Dyna T and she is eight months pregnant
and it's miserable so bonnie with
buttons ole you've got to help them
so Bonnie sitting over here and we are
tearing into some electrical work and I
have a big project ahead of me but it's
one I can handle I thought for sure that
the girls were going to love coming in
and sleeping in Olivia's room because
who wouldn't want to sleep in here it's
just girly and pretty and cute and I
wash the sheets and they don't want to
sleep in here they came in they gathered
all their stuff and they came straight
into the boys room because they wanted
to make forts that's right they want to
make forts so in the first room we have
this is the American Girl doll space and
then over here they've gotten Eve this
is going to be the sleeping quarters
game here sleeping quarters yes so I
guess what are you just doing you just
get the beautiful room instead and I
look at you okay so they have magic
tracks and it's doing do they go on the
dark no oh well that's where I know yes
yes for decoration Joel is over the
neighbors and he's going to finish up
doing some wiring over there and I'm
going to put these girls to work and
have them what our neighbors dog too
because yeah is the cutest sweetest dog
you'll ever mean I think the girls are
going to love it so we're going to close
the vlog here and we'll see you guys
tomorrow
I have yes my okay will you girls have
fun down there and we'll go walk the dog
Sharon just momentarily whoopsie
