can you guys believe that today is your
last day of swimming lesson oh yeah
totally
cuz we have we can walk in free like now
well not free honey not free but like
okay boss and look at me when we started
you guys did not want to do swimming
lessons were you nervous and scared
awesome wave height you are high so now
that some lessons are coming to an end
do you still feel scared no no happy I
have long hair now looks like a towel to
me but awesome hair Boston now that swim
lessons are over are you glad that
you've done it yeah hey I got to see
that smile so you'd like do you like
swimming lessons but I'm kind of your
dog I'm kind of sad mom it's diving
rings and you love driving rings and
that was your worst part on day one you
were like I am NOT doing that well huh
once I had that looks so awesome and I
was the only one I'm like guys you've
been happy since day one
well I am proud of you guys much mm-hmm
I just have to document I didn't even
tell Boston to go over by his teacher he
just walked right over he just does his
thing and he doesn't even feel I mean
you might feel a little nervous but he
doesn't act as nervous as they used to
look at him he just goes over there
trying to find a teacher so proud of his
improvement good morning guys don't mind
the shape of my hat we had a little
mishap of it a day we are here at Bear
Lake we have Ellie and Jared parking
over here and we are renting a boat
today yeah Caponi I know bottled water
is so high to here I don't know you
obviously don't remember coming here but
when we came here this dock was straight
down it was like walking straight down a
hill do you remember
so what holds the thing up what what
makes it a little bit higher because of
the water but the water is so high right
now probably you're a good 20 feet down
really no beach along the lake anymore
right now
I crazy hope check out that lawsuit all
the people on the pontoon what the heck
kind of fishery is their car oh they
will bite your feet
well now fight them they don't have any
teeth they just look like right so if I
put my feet in here will they stuck on
my feet only if you put a bit of fish to
divert stop it
okay forget it just going to get like a
candid shot of gel-like do the other
thing
okay forgiveth they're like don't reach
oh my gosh I don't want to do this
anymore I'm going to drop the camera I
feel like I'm going to scream oh my gosh
why not the hammer say it might be a
little funky by mosquitoes peridot
listen you're doing Solomon reefs dad
here please move to my feet oh this
feels so wrong I know I don't feel even
worse when you say week you okay okay
I'll guess I'm going Ellie
oh my god okay might be filled my face
also cleans huh oh okay I got a few in
my feet you guys watch this anymore
they're huge well and I hope that is
really is displaying on camera how fatty
these things are Ellie said they look
like mini sharks and they really do
don't catfish have teeth oh by find one
like here my foot and it was strong we
have all the kids ready thank you we're
off Jules driving the boat we're ready
to pop I know I can't you know case sit
down quick sit down so we keep going
we're going back to my boys again
they're drones ready you get the music
on we are getting ready to into the
master modeler what you're seeing in
John Smith watch them going immense
after we do this like ever close endo
summer party people
did you bag
can't you
let's go
gurgi fall and I just had to come
running
I didn't need you but hey honey really
just go
yeah
Hey
mari are they
let's get them
I seriously love but Elly's vlogging we
got a drawn up in the air get get his
drone oh so funny at my grandma's house
there's a river the surrounded end she
had a huge table deck and we all jumped
in I remember one time I showed it on my
legs open I didn't think I would ever be
the same you even jump in he gets run in
right now go hey you did it all right
Cheryl passion Wow whoa look at you
we're conquering some major fears I got
to scary category one one no catch yet
come on
yeah yeah good job bag yeah you didn't
give me is squeezable console I'm
so proud of you guys sometimes I worry
that I have a bunch of sissies
both things go okay one two three
as promised Boston is driving the both
because he was so brave all you kids
were so brave we were going so slow at
the front end of the tube we're under if
we home and in the water and I told the
kiss we won't get mine I commented at
Robin we were very upset that they lost
hajikko under the water bills are all
good now and doesn't that teach you like
you said you can do it you did it and
your space with your lifejacket good job
guys
oh yeah me show me Johnny
boating was so incredible felt so good
here is Bear Lake this is where you come
in and there's a couple of places to eat
one of my favorites is zips I like dips
because it has shade that's why I like
it here
then down the street a little is little
bows and I'm showing this for those
people that have been somewhere like
that love Bear Lake and it was just
maybe like I see it again I don't know
and they do have a caf√© sabor that's
Jill a nice favorite restaurant and
Logan and they brought one up here
there's a few other temperature places
here but our favorite is Lobos we plot
our food and I'm looking right time
period but Olivia and Cody are in my
life and they are eating their shakes
over in the tree I think that is general
there we're talking about who had the
best time and I think we all think that
we had the best time in my opinion the
best part of today is that I still have
eyebrows we've been in the water all day
and look Ellie still has my brows I
still have my brows I think that is do
not know so much I love that best
decision I think I've ever made
Lincoln I missed you today I totally
missed you you wanted to play with the
kids
you can go play with the kids oh you're
gonna make me take my seat
that's silly what is all of you doing
out there we are sitting in our back
yard just pass in a few moments until
it's bedtime
Oh today was so fun Oh today was so it
was such a nice day because I felt like
oh man the summer starts by fast we're
not doing it in Italy it was just that
it looks like okay now that yeah and now
that that's firms we've done that it's
like okay now it's okay if summer ends
because no no you shut your mouth no
it's just a reminder that we're still
doing activities it's fun yourself today
was absolutely a perfect day I'm very
grateful that we were safe as we were
out there I'm going to remind you guys
about the Drake white concert that we
will be at a booth there so if you guys
want to go to the concert come and see
us tickets are in the link below we'll
see you guys tomorrow
bye okay all three of the boys are
fighting over a basketball Lincoln will
not let go of his lawnmower you can just
throw a lawn mower to the basketball
fight
we again turn backpacks are on the run
today
wearily our way feel like we'll be late
fall
