well Olivia and I made it up here to
Cinnamon Creek at the camp I've been up
here a few years for girls camp but this
is the first year I'm actually spending
the night at girls camp and I want it to
be a manly thing that bond
the second they said there were signups
for it I said I need to go up there and
I need to take Olivia with me to see it
because she's a little too young for
girls camp to participate with all the
other participants but she's the perfect
age to come up and spend time with that
and the only reason I wanted to do this
was because
Bonnie went to camp with her dad all the
time as a little girl I thought I've got
a little girl I need to take her to camp
with me because the boys are going to go
they're going to be this thing Olivia
needs to go to camp with her dad so we
are here we've showed our bed of it well
hey there's a cooler what's in there oh
nothing just in case we want something I
think but look at this this is Hotel
suburban right here and blankets and
magic and our pillow oh and there's a
pumper in here in case yep what hey my
fingy
no no light thingy Oh Oh our pump yep
okay should we go show them some of the
calcite a little bit oh yeah I light
thing is you're probably thinking Joel
why the heck are you at girls camp but
the reason is because they like a male
to be here at the evenings just so that
in case something happens or whatnot and
they need some extra help they've got
somebody to do so they asked for males
to come up and I volunteered and I'm
here I almost started scolding Olivia
because I don't ever want kids to touch
my char or rub the dirt but that's
pretty sweet I love you dad
I'll take it Hey okay let's go dad Wow
have a couple boys so
this river get the fish swim up this
river Olivia and they'll they'll jump
that yeah when the moms are coming up to
lay their babies they lay them up the
river call their baby eggs is that crazy
can you stand on a rock no can you get
out there without getting your feet wet
okay that's like awesome on so very on
water phone so no yeah good idea
so now Olivia when you're in the
outdoors and you wash your hands you got
to dry them off with whatever you got oh
you got that hoodie grandma guys and all
I sit on basically good honey right here
need to be getting off on testing can be
best part about camping girls bathroom
boys bathroom right next to each other
girls bathroom boys bathroom well how do
you like that it's like a quarter mile
walk up to the bathrooms from our camp
and the girls all wrote in the back of a
truck and picked up Olivia and I have to
walk this lone and dreary road alone I
walk alone there's a song about that or
something okay baby what is this I'm
looking at so you get your height and
you feel like a soul mate and then you
and then you got like hey so good have
it start to see all right start getting
fuzzy know what do you do wash your
hands very clever huh I like it okay I
hope that's on there we go
fun oh hey don't hand shake it off on me
right
yeah like that
well Olivia that was your first night
that was your first girl camp ever
what do you think that was really really
where was your favorite part so far
having the campfire or to see your razor
you can kind of see your camp over there
just a little bit with our fire out real
light mm-hmm God dying down the girls
the big drills were all staying up and
going to play night games but it's time
for me and Olivia to go to bed huh yeah
we had a lot of strawberry starburst we
roast our verse which I have always
heard that I've always seen people do
that never been a fan of it it's
actually really good like intensifies
the flavor for some reason so that's
pretty good it makes it more like oh
she's a like regular kind of like more
for you to do I like that makes it nice
and soft to you that's good too we did
skits and saying all the camp songs do
you remember your favorite camp zone
which one hit oh yeah I've been staring
at the edge of the fire
that's all this thing is pretty cute it
was really fun to actually come up every
time we come up I always enjoyed it but
it was fun to come up with Olivia and
show her because dad's been singing all
those camp zones for years you know that
for my whole life and you know that mom
knows every one of them shield although
Molly's been to more scout camps and
daddy has so I'm glad that I get to take
Olivia to these drill camps and come up
and help them out anyway it was kind of
nice that I was here I was actually used
to help one of our girls up here that
was will sick I was able to
let's help them out a little bit no no
probably a probably Skeeter they're
pretty bad up here so we are going to go
to bed sleep in our nice comfy bed and
we'll see you guys in the morning
