Cody how did you sleep last night did
you like sleeping in the hotel good I
will kind of work oh I got waffle in his
hair a little Pedialyte in his bottle
disappointed man I am totally covering
his buns what trying to think we got to
bed last night little after one Internet
was a little crazy and that was with us
just hoping that the vlog would upload
through the night using my phone as a
hotspot again I'm amazed that it did
considering there with like GoPro
footage and stuff
me too and I don't think it took too
terribly long once we went to sleep and
he's working on a thumbnail right now
because we didn't even do a thumb enough
we were just like we're going to bed
we'll do later I really like you in red
white and blue you look handsome my
friends call me up
I've been hearing about the black bear
diner ever since Joel was on its mission
that's where you first found it was an
organ we're we go oh no I seriously been
hearing about it forever the menu is on
a newspaper article these are actually
excerpt from the local newspapers in
1955 all right cool that's Graceland so
this is not such a new establishment
here to Ogden this is course one that I
found to us so in the year 2017 the
Ogden Utah one opened up but I have been
to I have been to the Medford Oregon one
we're clear before go oh my god and I
have been to the Klamath all or on one
both in my mission tell you about my
favorite feature and we came down to the
nursery
we're here at J & JS this is one of our
favorite nurseries to come to we were
looking at sometimes furniture these are
like egg chairs anyway we're all hot
sweaty were all the same clothes we were
wearing yesterday and we're just bumming
it today and I ran into my favorite
teacher if you guys have been following
me for a long time you know that mrs. o
Bray is my favorite elementary school
teacher so she taught at my school for
two years and then quit for ten years
family yes you were getting all wet and
then she is teaching again now but it
was the craziest thing I think she's my
fourth grade teacher so awesome to run
into her we both had like tears in her
eyes and we were so excited
she doesn't remember me but she thinks
it's paid to this not long ago and that
I recognized her in any way she doesn't
didn't look at all like she looks the
exact same as she always house I'm
obsessed with these egg chairs I want
one or two I want to so bad for the kids
and maybe one for me
all right we got what we got you could
really use a truck
I feel a little bit like I'm doing the
walk of shame right now because I'm
wearing the same outfit as I wore
yesterday but because Bonnie and I and
the Kent State in Ogden had a hotel and
we just got back into town this morning
and I am on a mission I'm trying to find
this well I couldn't find it in another
store here I'm trying to find the cream
soda that my sister-in-law likes because
it is her birthday tonight she's turning
40 years old Labonte and I are in charge
of drink and I had to find it here we go
the Henry wine heart cream sodas this
all they have that's not going to be
okay we got to have more than that I
think I got to put the camera down and
get some work done
buying me sodas I don't want you to feel
that it has my jewelry go pull on my
side of the bed on my dresser
hey here's another heavy one you can do
it that was really heavy it has all the
computers in it so put that on the
bottom of my bed on the floor
c√≥digo helps we knew that one
last thing put that in the baby's room
and then listen I know that the baby's
room is messy for you to stay in there
and clean up the baby's room and you do
that
everything go in there and do the best
you can I'll be in in just a minute
yes okay the closet is a mess but look
you guys got everything off the floor
someone commented me like one of the
barracks paving room of everything we
have has toys out but since he's been
crawling out of the crib I wanted
nothing for him to crawl out and play
with so we have all of our toys to the
way cartridges read sites in months just
said get me camera dad to give the
camera the gun I get over here it stops
my thinking where the heck's that Nick
and I let it go for a minute down the
bird he's on the ground
oh don't touch you you fill out he's out
of his nephew don't touch him because
then the mama won't take care of it
oh my gosh that's even too rough a
little oh hey don't touch him but put
your hand next to him so we can see how
tiny he actually is first sighs see
that's Cody's hand about that day come
on about teeny don't touch don't touch
capable ga'head I think I'm hearing the
mom finally but if we've touched him I
don't think the monitor on the computer
how are we gonna jar oh your oh my gosh
she's like beautiful look at the very
tiny tiny black eyes and I can show them
so sweet well I've been listening to
that speaking look how beautiful that is
sitting there oh my goodness kay we
don't want to touch you could be finally
here the mom I've only heard the bird
the baby chirping I think I can hear the
mom we have some crazy experiences with
baby birds
what oh yes he's calling for his mom's
we always have birds in our pear tree
and if we even go near the tree the moms
just go nuts we always have Birds but
fun fact is they're never partridges hey
what are you doing out here I've been
inside I said I felt so tired and lazy
like I just want to do anything to save
the kids and you know we were going to
and I said I'm too tired a little baby
ready little too hot today to be a
little closer to me
Wow oh I saw just cannot begin a teeny
yet you go Metro to hide or something
okay don't go value from here are your
following you can watch him but what his
mom to be able to come find him oh I can
see the little leaves moving though I
can see you leave moving but you I
mean that's a tiny bird baby bird oh I
love the grass so much better we planted
a few different bushes right here and we
hated them we hated them so we gave them
to someone that could use them and we
put these right here I like it so much
better I love it so much better mistake
of all was going to the wrong nursery we
should explain where we know and we've
been fine yeah we love to old really yep
he found his way to my purse and got two
not one but two suckers what do you have
what is that right yeah what what is
that
oh yeah check it out of your mouth I'm
not going to take it take it up your
mouth what is that yeah a sucker can you
say sucker mmm
this sucker well the least I could do is
change my shirt for the party
we're spicy buns today I'm so tired
playing in the water going going going
staying up super late getting up at the
regular time the kids too it's like oh
we're both just so tired I know I look
like a bum but you have those days in
the summer I don't feel bad about it I'm
gonna go a little old up not really it
feels good to be a bum I love being a
bum I'm either in my sweat not ready at
all or I'm 100% done there's really not
an in-between yeah I know that I don't
walk from the hips I want from the from
the mid-chest and up I don't have to do
my pants up every day yes Lincoln fill
the sucker that I do have to change my
shirt because they're kind of New
Zealand yeah
okay everyone get your shoes on and go
get outside away from you okay yeah we
can't we got to get a Wednesday on you
yes you finished one and now you have
the other yes and yes this will be
Romania notify statistics opinion crazy
on happy time
oh and if you guys are wondering where
olivia is Olivia went with cadence last
night and she hadn't left her solderless
payment so she's not here today but Josh
and amber are going to be at the
birthday party tonight and so they are
going to bring Olivia home this is such
a disaster I know he had clothes they're
just not put away let's suicide this is
let's see ha 18 to 24 month I remember
when my other little boys are born knows
maybe we'll read this Boston gets really
shy but he really wants to say happy
birthday van Tiffin because you think
she's pretty special don't you yeah he
loved them Tiffany go ahead don't be shy
make sure she can hear yet
go in don't whine go ahead you're okay
you want to go say happy birthday okay
he doesn't have to it's okay
he was feeling shy happy birthday dear
Tiffany happy birthday to you okay her
wish came true
I'm here I'm here
leftover ice bucket challenges yeah well
you're just doing a family right here
right now you ready okay ready kids you
got to take what you get and run
I can't go to that goal come here but
come here are you doing okay now no Cody
come here
how did how did you not get that like
you're got hardly touched it just all
landed on you but I'm sorry Cody kind of
fared pretty well we've got all the
little kids running around playing I
think we're going to end the vlog here
but we do want to remind you guys that
on July 14th we are going to be in Ogden
Utah at the Drake white concert we're
going to have a booth there so if you
click the link in the description you
will be able to buy a ticket to the
concert and then also to come and see us
at our booth
that's right so if you guys are
interested in going there we'll have the
link in the description for you guys so
we're going to call tonight if you guys
found some you phone see you guys
tomorrow bye
you
