doesn't this look like we are packed to
have a good time or we can have a good
time good morning you guys and happy
fourth of July
it is the course of July we are
celebrating our independence it was a
task giving everyone lathered up but it
was fun because it reminded us of being
in Hawaii we're going to the beach and
it has over a hundred degrees today
we've got all the kids in their life
jackets sunblock hat what lighten it I
must reference oh really okay please be
nice currently everybody's been kicked
out of the pool I think somebody may or
may not have left the baby roof in there
I'm not sure actually they do these
checks every now and again just to
verify the pool is clean and good and
everything's hunky-dory but I'm sure a
few times they found
some Baby Ruth
so it's so fun seeing Bonnie in the pool
today with the kids since we've got here
people have flocked her to talk to her
about being fans or they flocked her to
talk to her about her swimsuit and I
don't know what it is about Bonnie
because she's super intimidating to me
but it's fun to see people just open up
to her and talk with her and enjoy her
company and it's fun to see Bonnie's
personality she's the most beautiful
person I've ever met in my life
all of the kids are speed taking in head
just before fireworks tonight
Lincoln is in the other room and Bonnie
is in the back room getting ready and I
am just sitting down to the desk to get
a head start on the vlog for tonight
because it's going to be a late night
for us why do you look scared
we got your old dantas berlin's we just
got down to a Boston hair and I want to
know what you think about going to the
fireworks tonight I think it again
meaning you think ton actually are going
to be there nope Tod and actually are
not going to be there will you still
have fun if it's just us people all
right
see this is what we do now I'm done with
you so what do you need to go do now go
away tell Cody to come here you go tell
Cody c'mere and to turn to get ready or
you look sure sharp take your shirt
what's on it
what's on your shirt look see my engine
that's pretty cool
okay go tell Colin any come here I
wanted to take a nap so bad that I knew
that I wouldn't have time to get ready
and then get all the kids ready and be
to dinner at a good time so I got ready
and you want to know what Joel said
about me he wanted to know why my face
look like Hollywood glam and why my hair
looked like farm land I supply my dress
I'm not sure what you think of my dress
he thinks that my alpha is just kind of
you don't worry frequency right
did you hear and look at your kid Jill
does not love my outfit
he'll Road it's okay it's fine what
Boston what did you say I thought I
heard some noise from over here what did
you say he says look that your kid look
at your kid I'm looking at you kid act
like you I'm looking at you kid
oh yeah you get hey don't mess your hair
up boy we just did your hair trying to
open the curtains or you can open the
curtains we're trying to get Olivia's
pool hair calm down it's not very fun is
it Olivia
Oh No her hair is so hard and we just
cut off like three inches didn't we yeah
okay well the bottom part is now pumped
out so we're going to work our way up
good job to the rest of it
I don't like pops table nice profit yes
I I hate that like I don't worry kid yes
okay so Olivia does not like when I take
the pieces and pop them out which I
absolutely love and I'm going to
continue to yeah sometimes that's not
all that's not always but I put this
little thing in her hair and she smiles
you guys she smiled she didn't rolled
her eyes at me she didn't get picked and
have we bought even one time since we
were going on your hair look no because
I've been trying my extra hardest to be
soft and you've been trying your extra
hardest to be tough ready which
everything was cleared up yeah yeah very
general risk app with a pair up
some can't believe you just asked me if
she could go to same lipstick that I'm
wearing and I said absolutely you can
and I remember getting so much beef from
older people at church for loving Olivia
wearing lipstick to churches she was
like a baby basically and there's these
that I get into comments about certain
things that I do and looking back at
Olivia misused a red lipstick to church
and everywhere we went she always wanted
to match my lipstick and I loved it and
I remember thinking one of these days
she's not going to want to do that
anymore and I don't remember the last
time Olivia asked to wear the same
lipstick as me I don't remember it's
what she asked me I'm just like yes
anyway and my other point is you raise
your family for you there's reading my
word dare well no it's fine there's a
reason you're their parent and not the
whole world chin dances and anyway I'm
raising my family for me and I I don't
listen to the comment section because
and then everyone has their own opinion
that's great but my opinion is mine and
this is my family and I'm going to read
them exactly how I see fit
hear me I like semi finais because um I
I ain't know how to swim you think you
know how to cram I think I think
swimming lessons of giving you a lot of
confidence but still no I know how to
but not that's good
yeah you just want to swim swim swim
without it but you had to have it your
lifejacket oh really
Yanik sambar yeah
what is this a stinking he's like oh I'm
a camera oh oh you can show off my face
but oh my gosh my butt is he's probably
thinking twice to tell my favorite part
about waiting for fireworks is sitting
around waiting and meaning our
subscribers and viewers
you two are twins we love twins that's
awesome and the photobombing brothers
you guys one time on your name well
thanks for saying hi this is James the
handsome older brother hi brothers he
isn't another very important
conversation right now I think they're
looking very serious with a moment can
you see boss man I can't find him Austin
are you sneaking treats Oh Lincoln
whoopsie good boy kiss found a group of
kids to play with I love watching them
find friends
nice job Todd I think Cody's almost in
tears they're playing a little rock
paper scissor to see who gets the ball
it's like oh I think tensions are high
over there good job they worked it out
and they're each taking their turn
watching these boys mouth me I love boys
one you boys play out in the dirt makes
me just as warm and fuzzy inside as it
does when I watch Olivia do the
bibbidi-bobbidi both these princess
stuff exception they can do it over my
feet please don't do that
Oh
Oh
Oh
