stop and turn show Mom you're sad when
she's gone
well you're freaking cute as all get-out
sorry I was showing your outfit in your
face come here
war wax gonna watch The Lorax are you
gonna go watch The Lorax after the day
of your surgery I have scheduled nothing
I'm gonna make soup and we're gonna like
have a chill apply it day at home
doesn't sound made what you want not
brought plenty I always thank our fan
geez Joe me to make beef and veggie stew
or oh you know what kind of could make
what the kind from Olive Garden bazooka
solidified later losers sad face oh my
gosh he's so cute join it all what I
absolutely hate I hate that sunglasses
leave a huge like mark in your makeup
and on your skin the sun's out it's
bright I want to wear my glasses they're
super cute but I don't want to mess up
my makeup because I have to drive an
hour to get to my mom's and I don't the
world is lucky I have makeup on today do
you know tired I am everyone's tired
bond Shanna
well that was inappropriate food and the
phone dings and then Julie's watch
dinged and then the phone dinged and
then Julie's watch teen and I took one
look I looked at Julie she looked at me
and we both went so saying Amen when the
prayer is over I said that's
inappropriate thanks for lunch mom you
may lose the small ones the wind
well did you get that out of the freezer
okay come on is it heavy what kind is it
mmm purple Tillamook Oregon strawberry
baby that's the good stuff
strawberry purple strawberry pink the
boys are gone playing out in the snow
which is excellent they need to be out
there burning off some energy me and
Olivia and Lincoln oh you're getting
into my computer that seems like a bad
idea so we're gonna share some ice cream
just like that is this Jake's over the
top got it above the rim ice cream pint
that thing's awesome I'm a jack of all
trades master none of you said
why are you giggling at the biggest
wedgie thank you
let's help your brother out bud how did
you even get there are you kidding me
yeah you hey Boston raid oh she doing
okay you having fun
oh my oh hey
oh man I think you tore your stink your
legs all cut what were you doing were
you climbing on the fence
no he told you to climb on there that
seems like a bad idea
we're cutting the wires okay that's
funny
oh my gosh that's funny that's one way
to start a vlog are you crazy
let me see what's good can you show me
oh no you just thought it was good the
peel is disgusting
they're so focused on Captain Underpants
that looked delicious when I first
looked out the window I thought that
Boston was either asleep or upset I
think he's just patiently waiting a he
probably could fall asleep right there
look at it he's just patiently waiting
while does clearing out a place for the
four-wheeler to go so what I think is
going on PS your hair is your hair still
awesome I love it oh my gosh I am dying
olivia is showing me her stuff in her
room and I have to share it with you
guys okay these are all of her dolls and
this is the itinerary for her dolls so
we have Lucy Ruby Tina Krystal and
everybody cuz they go everybody perfect
kay okay so right here when they're
coming in they'll look at this and
they'll find their names and where cuz
this is station 1 station to station 3
taste station 4 and station
okay they switch every time and the
first thing is get a picture with Dumbo
so right here hey crystal
and what's this area for it oh this area
isn't it cute
uh-huh okay so it says give a compliment
to Lucy and be kind that is such a fun
station what are theirs okay so get a
picture with Dumbo get a picture with
the mouse I'll make you sign your name
for Lucy's poster Barney oh hey that
doesn't look too far off and then what's
this up here oh I was planning that for
him cuz you know put the line down below
hey you just pointed upward an eye card
or a link in the description okay
because when I can't have my money I did
have enough money to buy my phone so I
thought maybe this Jerrica and make some
money yet we will leave a link to that
video in the description for you okay
and then there's one more station when
they get hungry all right here on this
station okay hmm can I take a peek yeah
sorry I gotta move all that stuff but
this is like the bedroom okay so over
here so here's the starting so this is
like the food okay and you like the
plates that you can grab that's like
mystery and you didn't have a stance so
you just used your boots yeah and like a
piece of cardboard yeah I love it
um no boys allowed what are you thinking
no boys allowed
Cody oh no nobody's like now what okay
wow really there is no boys yeah
hey I just got a buzz thinking and I
didn't deserve that
okay resume there's another vlog where I
got this like tea set and it's like
here's like this thing that you can grab
the lid so it's not too hot oh you just
dropped chicken on the floor tell me you
don't love her is she not the cutest
girl you ever seen it's like I love you
youtubers Tommy act oh cool it today
someone that watches our YouTube video
yeah everybody seems so sad right now
Coffee has a headache what's wrong with
you what's all of you if you insist that
I sit with you and eat one big bite and
then you do them
we're gonna end the vlog here thank you
guys so much for watching if you have
not checked out our new clothing line
falling rain comm we'll have it in the
description below if you liked this
video
you
