well apparently I am too slow grandpa
came home with some doughnuts for lawn
day and I was out weed eating and I
didn't get what if there's a Crump
there's a crumb for me I'll enjoy that
I'll just have water I'll just drink
some water
good morning everybody it is lawn day
well show them show them where Grandma
right there see that grass pick up that
that blade of grass get it down on the
roots get it get it oh just break it off
so it'll grow back next week that's good
yeah look at these roses I'm sure you
guys are wondering hey it's been a while
since we've had a storytime from Joe huh
story time today I got to find a scar
though okay I don't know if you could
see that scar there's a scar that starts
right here comes all the way up and we
were playing football on this front lawn
and my neighbor tackled me and it
tackled me into these rose bushes for
those wounds I don't remember which one
but I remember instantly started
bleeding any member what you did you
threw me in the bathtub because it
wasn't that deep but you said let's get
you in the bathtub and they pled forever
and they squirt pretty good
this right here warms my heart not just
because it's more of Lincoln time but
there is a picture and I'll find it of
Cody on that exact one or one of those
both bikes
who are you drawn good morning you guys
something that you might not know about
me well maybe you do if I'm not 15
minutes early I'm absolutely late I'm
showing up to my hair appointment at
11:00 and it's 10:59 and something you
might also not know about me as I am a
fast driver I like to drive aggressively
that may not surprise you because like
that's kind of my personality I'm most
slightly aggressive I mean I'm not in a
bad way that in any way I'm here I
didn't get pulled over there were cops
everywhere I was very careful when I was
driving anyway many of you asked where I
got my hair done last time I came to
laced hair extensions I'm so excited
because Ansley zhirkova does my hair is
such a big fan of snake aah aah medium
sized just a little guy
oh my gosh I'm so sick of snakes mm oh I
bet no look guys teeny that he's seen
like he's calling up in there yeah this
you have a tail grab him pull him out
look he's climbing up that tree like
he's climbing up that tree
I can't promise Shane you want to say no
oh okay I'm just look at you oh the
garden snake yeah hey thanks lys I like
them you trying to get in you know got
in Kevin hi Texican oh ho you get him oh
you gotta grab him hard rather hard it
was cool he feels cool going back up
Olivia pocket home oh my word now wait a
minute there's only a butterfly stencil
so how did you draw him huh how did you
draw the dog how did you draw the lizard
how did you
that's agreeable how am i doing as I try
to fit in my mind
reshape it and then I trace it from my
head so apparently you think it and then
I do it yeah what's at the shell look at
the details you put in the shell that's
unreal to me that looks just like the
ones we swam with huh okay we saw some
big one you show me what's that correct
it is a rocket ship that looks just like
that was just like the rocket ship ready
oh that's not nice
your eye doesn't even look like a rocket
ship I don't know what you're talking
about better that look look like a rock
I think it's funny pulling the camera
out here because I feel like no matter
what there's a noise going on you guys
probably like it's so noisy in the
background I'm sure this audio is
terrible but there's either jets flying
over trains in the backyard garbage
trucks out here or us doing lawn work so
a little noisy was his voice over there
we eat so we're sitting in a chair going
over what I did and didn't like about
the intentions amazing what we're going
to do a little bit different and
truthfully we were both looking at my
hair and I know I'm really bad yeah I
know so bad I'm like I feel like Korean
in my head because I do it look she did
such a perfect I'm gonna flip this up
second stage I she did the perfect job
on my hair that one thing is when I pull
my hair up into like a half pony it's
really really hard and I'll show you
guys it's really hard to hide these
things
yeah we're going to we're going to fix
up this time other than that we're going
to basically do a thing that is super
easy makes enemies perfect what is that
it's a green back a green backpack
you've got a digit spinner and
sunglasses pull it all out show me pull
it all out
let's see need your key you're right
don't warn your boy those are fun and
some glasses oh good you need something
oh and it's unblocked if it gets to a
business dinner you spin that fidget
right round baby right round I feel so
freaking trash yes I'm like oh my god
extra hair here you need it and a diaper
and like a dirty Beauty Blender okay I
was trying to get pictures as a lawyer
there's a lot so basically she took the
extensions that have grown down we took
about three colors my hair and move them
back up so they're not like flopping all
over the place hey feels good I feel
good I told her I feel obsessed with
having my hair done and we talked a
little bit about light and well we know
that it's not
being like having your hair done and
you're weak by people like like that
kind of stuff obviously we'd be okay
without it but I feel like I don't know
I feel like when I get my hair done and
have all this kind of stuff done I'm not
just like a mama for like it's for me
like I do this so that I feel good and
when the kids go to bed
Joel and I like I feel like I look good
so thank you you're amazing something
seriously I love her so much she is so
dang stinking cute just got pulled over
you can see the cut back there he I'm
going to hold the camera down here looks
like a while I'm like thank you I don't
know I don't want him thinking like why
is she recording me oh and oh I think
you thought my show anyway I got pulled
over and I don't think he's going to
give me a ticket by using nicest hop
ever and he was so I don't know he just
gave me a few heartfelt stories of
things that he's seen on Memorial
weekend and he seems like the nicest guy
like I don't even care if he does give
me a ticket
but anyway he's from the same city and I
live in he's like you look a little like
guys like I grew up there anyway very
nice cops very nice Popeye I respect our
like our servicemen like our police
officers our firefighters all of those
guys like
they're there to protect and keep us
safe and like if I get a ticket I'll be
hearing from elimination
no ticket and he was like let me help
you get out here okay now if you're
going to drive up a lot of girls in here
what do you think of our gear now is the
brand black Lincoln maybe a broom I want
to look at these God use that weapon no
I remember my very first basketball game
the rest lose whistle and all of us
girls just ran around like Wildcats I
showed up and the kids were picking up
the pinecones and you should have seen
the way they were picking them up they
were all wild and crazy just walking
around kind of basics of wandering not
getting a whole lot done so showing in
the grid system and trying to keep them
you know you walk in one line pick up
everything right here you turn around
pick up everything in that line and that
was a task trying to teach the kids to
do that it's like totally tell so if you
have people I mean then they grow up and
they're useless teenagers it's just
anyway you'll in finishing of the graph
my mom brought the chairs over here
we're trying to eat cherries with the
kids and it's very sticky very messy
especially need a white shirt and I'm
like school is probably not the best
idea that asked Olivia to hold the
cherries and this is where she put them
- very clever that little thing
are you guys helping or making
everything worse Oh me by the lack of
responses what a woman's car over it
look over bit go back Lincoln be back
kids collected a few startup twigs are
you know Jolla touch anything whether
it's crawling in bugs or not it's
terrifying
that's so good yeah I'm gonna spit on
movie night when don't track Oh weekend
you big mean giant
I have to push it now you're kind of
spread my three and no don't don't match
man won't your air I was going to have
this be music Tovar that's too good to
not know if I'd be terrible to take whoa
whoa I don't know you're hot no boom she
like a fire cause you say get a stick
just like that hold it hold it yeah okay
now Cody now he's okay Lu you think okay
he wanted to drop him so bad was your
finger Dan huh
he was not gonna disappoint grandpa I
could do I could see his face he's like
good sting lizards leg second go push
that in keeps locking his face because
it's so far
Buddha's gone so going down everyone
just chitchat and what did you say about
this fire it's my size I'm going to take
care of it and that is exactly what he
has done all night grandpa showed him
how to get it started and he has really
taken pride in his campfire tonight yeah
we've thoroughly enjoyed just sitting
out here being ready to fire talking the
mess of mom and dad how do I close
today's vlog I don't know I do am insane
every day basically we worked a little
and we played a little and we are going
to end the vlog here thank you guys for
watching and we'll see you guys tomorrow
