well that plan failed I came to meet
Bonnie at swim lessons and a surprise
her and the plan completely failed I was
going to leave them in the car love that
when they get are they I feel like I'm
really really doomed in what's wrong
with this camera I am why is it soon din
we all have the worst night did you tell
him I haven't said anything yet Boston
came and woke us up at like 3:00 and
then I was up so I was like alright I'm
going to answer some emails I'm going to
put a lot Instagram post and the second
she does that she's awake forever I mean
I just well am I already knew that I was
going to be awake forever so I was like
I'm just going to get the crap done and
I did because I knew I wasn't a fallback
I think Boston was just he had a bit too
much finger just too much well he had a
dream is that way he came up well he
came up to the coffee I knew he was not
he was just having a hard time getting
stuff out of his throat he was coughing
and he came upstairs and he's a moment
of a bad dream
that I was going to be shot in this way
things that that Dada was a police
officer and he took it away from them
and I didn't finish okay
sounds about right anything well I
got you some orange juices - oh you
gotta take the camera I'll drop that and
break it I think it's already broken
no don't tell me Oh zoom do when I
opened it you didn't do min when you
were over there no unless I bumped it
maybe I'm a baby that is so sweet
aw you're the sweetest well I am going
to leave you guys here I've got to go
down and help my brother one last day
and get some more tile worked on and
more bats won't work that so I'm going
to leave you guys with Bonnie she can
get her work done and I'd get my with
them different work done okay okay my
dolly
can you show me your shirt I didn't cool
it mister nobody's going to know what
it's about
you got to be like ninety or older to
know what this shirt means that I love
it okay okay just then what I can smell
what well and it's marshmallow ice
without thinking are you serious I'm
gonna run Herot run good all right for
you Wow why cut under only he can make
he just can give me something okay why
aren't you gonna get you oh is that
paper for me here how much fun oh yeah
good thank you thank you no mom what I'm
kiddin holy I can do I can do Marcella
and so this will hit back up slow
mutters left and back rocket and forward
rock so lucky
and I could swim I cannot believe it I
don't know what you're saying but okay
you can't play Katie crawling back and
get your seatbelts on okay thank you sit
how he purred what he then have summer
in here trying to make ourselves
presentable for the day and I'm asking
Lincoln some questions what does the
doggy say woof yeah which is accounting
hey good job man campaign that's all he
knows that's always taught them what's
the next easy one that we can say what
does a bird say Brett tweet tweet
can you say tweet tweet pingzhi yes
Lincoln a konami look at mommy to board
of the birds say tweet tweet
oh yeah well we're doing that one pretty
good what there's a sheep say what does
our shooter when you say he's all
tweeting this thing has been growing on
me I said that I hated it but I actually
am going to love it
don't mind the dirty sheets in there I
said Lincoln oh thank you I told Lincoln
I said I'm taking the toys out because
it's time to go to sleep because at
night time I let him have some toys I
said time to go to sleep I can't take
your pinky out save time to go to sleep
and even heat I was better than that do
you say good night oh good night and as
you little stuff
good night hello can you say good night
oh okay go to sleep no crying okay okay
good night
if you guys are interested in a good
Krypton that works it is a little bit
expensive but it works for
well I'll put a link in the description
for you guys anything in this entire
world that I need done
Joel gets done and half the time I don't
even ask him he just if he knows that I
need something he just does it well
tonight Joel is going up to girls camp
he is going to be the priesthood leader
up there and so he's not really a part
of the camp but he's just there in case
any of the women at there need anything
if there is a need for him he is there
and he is going to be taking Olivia with
him normally you don't go into young
women's until you're like a little older
was it 12 the 12 I'm not really sure
anyway and Joel I believe he is going to
be taking the suburban and they're going
to sleep in the back of the suburban so
I am going to and the thing is he is
tiling a bathroom today and use an hour
away and the camp is the opposite hour
away so he's going to drive an hour here
get what he needs
pick up Olivia drive an hour to the camp
and so I think what his plan is is to
sleep in the suburban so I'm going to
get the car seats taken out fold the
seats down I'm going to clean out the
back and I want to get his pillow
Olivia's pillow some blankets like just
get it all the way set up for him so he
doesn't have to think about it and and I
think also I want to go get some treats
movie just like a little cooler pack a
little cooler for them and make sure
there's a flashlight in here it'll be
hey hey hey Wow
how come you have a green popsicle it's
nice and wait a little stink yeah I know
it is okay so I am going to get to work
and get this situated for Joel an
awfully he will well not even hopefully
I know he'll appreciate it
Oh
who has four - who has four Triple D
batteries this is Triple D what is this
is this a triple date I don't really
know I think it's a Triple D who has
four Triple D batteries sitting around
old life that to actual has more
batteries than anyone would ever need
shoot it's matter plus plus looks right
that way okay here we go Joel decides
done 25 minutes ago
tell me that does not look like fun yes
what's not fine is rubbing your knee all
over the hitch Lihua bringing them just
in case yeah yeah listen dude okay I
hope you accuse me be so mad right now
well we only have the one camera so I'm
going to close the vlog here so that I
can take the memory card and edit and I
can send you with the camera just in
case you do anything fun fishing ok see
ya ok you guys have fun and this is the
last video for the weekend we post
Monday through Friday so we'll see you
guys on Monday
have a good weekend and we'll see you
guys on Monday
