good morning good morning great staff
late good morning good morning to you
think of ROI do you let your Kindle do
you like your puppy dog kennel we're
going to go to swim lessons and we're
going to get some chores done aren't we
I like your blonde hair I like your
blonde hair oh you are going to be like
your mom you know that you're going to
have the best personality in the whole
wide world I know it I know it you're
going to be funny and cute just like
your mama I know it I know it you're
going to be a little Barney
which means you're going to be a turd
his tent is working wonderfully and I
think he really just loved though he
could feel like it's a little play area
before he would crawl out of the crib he
would wake up kind of fussy a little bit
think and come get me
then when he could get out of the crib
he would wake up at the door or playing
around or whatnot
now he wakes up and he just lays in
there and plays and all I hear is this
just like that all I hear is that a
little toy playing every time every
morning you know he's awake when you
just start here in the car alarm go off
what is it but what is that
what is it this wife yeah thanks guys
oh boy he was hand like yeah
him I had to drop the kids off at the
front make him run in because I had to
park out in the boonies because of the
trailer is on the back of the suburban
we got some work to get done today we
are at Swindon
so Boston look at him go look at him go
look at him go look at him go look at
him go look at him go good job Boston
wait oh go
whoo how's often coke can you do it one
more time oh good job oh that's awesome
sweetie you're doing so good you guys
got good instructors this is beautiful
out here
beautiful beautiful summer morning
loving life right here show me again
Lincoln can you a pie wave I wave hi
look if I wave yarn
wave hi yep say hi
all the kids are at their swim lessons I
have been requested not to be over in
the way over there because they don't
want parents sitting over there to be in
the way in people a start has to run
during the swim lesson or other child
crawls over your face they don't want
you in the way over there
no no face crawling children allowed
over there so we've got a key cam away
where you think you're going no no no no
no no this is torture huh let's go just
wait I'll follow you I'll follow you
I like a shadow but me and my shadow my
mom used to sing it to me all the time
me and my shadow
I don't member why but I just run to the
phone
my mom stopped over we're going to go
get our haircut I think we're going to
go visit Ellie but she came over to see
the pergola and we're just sitting under
enjoying the shade and watching the kids
I know you guys are like okay enough
about your stupid pergola but I wanted
to show Kody he's been so sweet okay
Olivia's in trouble so she's sitting
right there but Cody came home from
swimming lessons and he just cannot get
warm and I look over and I they always
bring the swing over and they drape it
over but he's so sweet he has a slinky
and he's laying on the slide what are
you doing over here you cute little boy
laying down on the side of the Sun nice
and warm on you do you feel like you're
finally warming up how was swim lessons
today
we waited big cold tub for one hour
uh-huh and then we the rest that we were
in that world one what does that warm up
the last time oh shoot
so did you put your face in the water
need them you jump in that's awesome
cool in a stressful do you feel like
you're going to learn how to swim you
don't know you're just getting real
comfortable with the water right now
though huh yep I'm proud of you guys for
going and doing it I wish I could have
been there to watch you I kind of
thought maybe we'd I didn't know if I
was going to come with you who and what
I was yeah yeah my hair yeah yeah yeah
all you got to do is be a little sassy
to get grandma's attention well then
I'll continue being Sophie because I
like your attention the lanes Bonnie's
attitude did you hear in town that don't
yell at me yeah I know I know sometimes
I'm watching the footage oh my god crab
nobody's going to want to see a huge
booger
did you hear him - meow - booger
well I failed that's just gross why why
I hope this is a fair trade you tell you
would tell me if it wasn't a fair trade
Joel's keeping Lincoln and Coto stuff
that shows keeping Lincoln and Cody and
they're going to do the lawn and that
way you can put Lincoln down for a nap
you'll only have them for a couple for
an hour
I'll go bail and then Cody has a little
appointment so actually you have a
pretty good end of the deal and I'm
going with my mom Boston and Olivia and
we're going to go get my mom's haircut
we're going to go over to LA and Jared's
and I just didn't want to have all the
kids going crazier we wouldn't have
gotten a haircut done so love you as
long did you look so cute little I want
you all growing up I'm like mom I want
to further my hair and she's like goes
down in this on your highlight your hair
I'm like a work we got my mom's haircut
and by we I mean we Ellie and I it was a
joint effort in cutting my mom's hair
and she already went home she's on her
way home right now and Ellie invited us
to go to the movies with her and we want
to go to the movies but Cody you yeah I
know he looks like he's feeling just
fine and he is I don't think Cody's sick
but I think that Cody needs a nap yes
Cody yeah are you tired
yeah did Lincoln jump on you master wing
galleys okay climb on in I think Cody is
he has stayed up late he has gotten up
early and I think you need a nice little
nap and are you okay with that I feel
bad you're not going to come with us to
the theater but I huh I know I know
you're a really good boy and I need to
be
so tonight data if you take a nap guys
going to take you to young man's with
them because you believe and shoot
Molinaro who's Gary taking me how to
choice first yes
so I want you to lay it always way this
is so much better when you're in your
mom's bed and in your mom's presence I
don't know what that is but it is it's
truly a piece of heaven so you're going
to take a little nap in my bed our
campuses okay but if you don't fall
asleep you don't get to go tonight
because you need to sleep so you know
how you'd fall asleep half close your
eyes people close and then select tired
and then you'll yep that was my
rule when I was Jen I remember like how
do you fell asleep on your own close
your eyes do it you close your eyes and
you just tell yourself you start with
the top of your head here and you work
your way all the way down your entire
body to relax your entire body all the
way down where's your feet all the way
down to your feet I love you so much
cuz your books all there comes beyond he
needs a nap love you both children or
sleep I'm going to take the other two
with me and we're going to go to the
movies I'm excited to take them to the
movies is it weird that I feel we're
leaving together too I mean obviously I
feel funny leaving them but I do I feel
funny leaving them at a desk job 12,000
times and like are you okay with me
leaving are you okay with me getting
jobs like I have work to do is like get
out of here girl
and then reasonable mahan give the
Dominions
yeah i only want to see the new minions
now I think we're gonna come through the
new Cars movie today and you can see
it's like death yes I think this is so
fun Boston I'm excited that we get to
come to the movies together fun stuff
that Cody's not I know I'm sad Cody is
not either but I think he actually was
excited to lay down in real
we're going to see in your car is moving
thank you for inviting us el anything I
know I'm excited kids crazy stellaris I
know an event like hacia we haven't told
opportunity of returning but she's like
bouncing off his head me we had all
these wonderful plans to do like
everything everyday together and we've
just been busy we've just been doing our
own thing so that's all right fun
spontaneous and fun oh pardon me excuse
me coming through
I'm not complaining you put your Chi
Jackson you put your products because
ready to watch the movie okay so she
it's just cute walk do this many more
news and the tiny water extended oh yes
you guys are the new Alpha and Honor
movie here angry
school bus so we're talking about the
movie it was incredible and we're saying
we're so off you go to movie theaters
for fun and Jared said you could stay
here all day I can watch movies all day
long I love the movie theater and funny
thing is was one time we
Elian I went from the Agartha theater no
how is Julie aquarium Julie if I get a
salt apart I do it to anyone okay you'll
know if this is the type we went into
one that was a little scary so glad okay
go totally we went to London girls
seriously we went to another and I went
down is over we went to another it was
just like the time of our life and we
got home she went running around about
like 10 times okay we go from the Barbie
game yes yes Ellie talking about it in
your head you would know how much I love
Joel I mean I I love him and I hope he
knows how much I appreciate him being a
good guy mm where's the kids hiding from
the Sun in the shade that thing is full
of spiders and all sorts of cobwebs and
things so he blew it off I think he
wants to put a stain on it to protect it
and he's going to put the same stain on
it that he has on those so that they'll
match a little bit better
oh my goodness oh so cute coders in the
church building and we are going to
young man's to do our archery but I
think we might be locked out so we will
say goodbye to you guys now if you liked
the video give it a thumbs up and if
you're new the channel subscribe say bye
bye bye
Hey
