take out a chocolate one for his prize
keep late in the ticket yes what I said
this is my last chance to win a bride
who named leather and so that's how come
I have a thoughtful Joel was up and Adam
this morning at like Oh probably 7
o'clock and he went to his brother's
house and is going to retile two of his
bathroom floors hi
Suwannee Olivia now then I work out and
I'm really sweaty now I can get my
shower cap on the kids are playing
downstairs watching Ryan kid toy review
and I'm going to hopefully stop sweating
in shower
hi okay we'll call me back
yes I'm coming
come here put your like this or like
this
good job there we go good job
those shoes won't fit in yet can you
please go outside in the bucket and give
them is any only contention like star
rating or makeup perfect pony outside in
the bucket his blue tennis shoes no do I
look pretty lesson if you if you want to
wear those you can wear ties are they
what size shoe service remember you can
wear em that's fine we do not throw our
bowl and we do not throw our food okay
so
can you say we do not throw food and
food sure we do not throw bowls we do
not throw bowls hi well first of all I
absolutely know I didn't call you
yesterday
that is totally fine come on
I know let me tell you the process of
this whole situation
so on the 24th I looked at the calendar
and I said tomorrow's Julie's birthday
is halfway to Christmas and I was going
to call you on the 24th I was like no
you call her on her birthday
so I made it and then on the morning of
your birthday I was like okay I cannot
forget to call Julie today and we didn't
end up taking Boston to church because
he could not stop going potty and like
you in his pants and he said Boston what
did you say you were mad at
he was mad at his mom because it just
would go pooping he wouldn't even know
and he wouldn't be able to not that that
is loud because then I was going to call
you in the afternoon like after I got
done taking care of Lincoln or I mean
Boston and I was like moon
I bet it's nap time I am NOT going to
wake her up on her birthday by calling
her during downtime and then when I was
the evening I was at crap I still
haven't called Julie and I was like I'm
not going to call her while she's
playing the kids to bed
and then at 11:30 I remember done like
I'm the worst person in the worst case
and what I'm thinking is key lime
coconut okay and then a chocolate
cupcake and then I do have some light
color for your cake microphone is a
generation mom monkey people maybe mom I
that's my whole point
I am NOT going to be making Olivia's
birthday cake this year because we have
lots and lots of things to do before her
birthday and then also on her birthday
season and I just don't think I'm going
to have time we're going to have a being
truly in our house I don't think I'm
going to have x so and Joel's going to
be gone and it goes games on the whole
game people suzana happen and we not
only to cook it for listening and
engaging our bakers lots of cupcakes
around here you can see this it's Vic
using we're all done running our errands
and every single kid still asleep in the
car
except for Olivia
so I had a little bit of crawl in the
front seat and we are going to cheers
with our pizza and we're going to have a
quiet picnic and a front seat of a car
while we love the board's Max and I
usual no usually usually my mom would
never do it should I beat take a nap or
go inside I've never well normally the
older boys don't fall asleep just with
errands and neither did Lincoln Lincoln
slept till 10:00 o'clock and he still
fell asleep so we're just going to enjoy
the quiet and enjoy each other's company
huh we had a little talk about attitudes
right we were talking with Julie a
little more and it's so hard when our
kids have attitudes it's like how do you
change a kid's attitude I on them it's
just so hard I was telling her how
frustrated I was sometimes I get so
frustrated when the kids are on ringing
so I'm yelling at them and and it's like
I told Olivia I'm going to try to be
better and you try to be better you know
that with attitude we'll both try to
have a better attitude because I altima
that she's picking it up for me so we're
both going to work on it first we're
going to eat pizza again are you having
fun no buzzing I am fine you can go a
little faster if you want to don't run
over twice there you go Boston just turn
the radio on really loud and they've all
started just bobbing their head
the pergola is literally the best
purchase I think we've ever made I spent
more time outside as a kid because we
actually have a little shade to the
Endor and I've been sitting here on the
patio answering emails I'm on the phone
with Geek Squad because we did get one
of our cameras back and then we have
another camera out that's being fixed
and I'm sitting here watching the kids
play in the pool it just feels so good
it just feels like summer
Boston is okay she flashes you you're in
a fall
that tastes good and fresh good time job
click the thumbs up alright you heard
him everybody click the thumbs up
oh you are just the sweetest you got a
bruise at Landon's house what happened
we are playing to hunt but that's what
getting a grandma has uh-huh
and where's your bruza yeah we're a
little brown spot oh good right there
yep I got pinched by none you know the
part where you do you did mm-hmm I'm
sorry did you cry good job Cody Olivia
and Austin run downstairs and you two
pajamas on and I want your swimsuits
laid out because tomorrow is our first
day of swimming lessons and I want you
some suits to be dry first thing in the
morning can you run downstairs and do
that
yeah please go go go and I'll come check
you on you in a minute inside okay go
get it we're downstairs and Cody's room
and we are cleaning it up getting ready
for bed and cody has something he wants
to tell everybody
yes it's two I go late early cute you
want to win away to the first wiggly
tooth in that little tiny mouth of yours
huh
huh it's good - cowboy yeah when Cody
told me he had a little a tooth I am so
Terry I'd oh yeah thank you I got so
teary because when they start losing
their teeth their our entire look
changes your open your mouth will not
look the same ever again our little baby
teeth will never let me stand again why
don't you start losing one they all
start coming out
no buffet Kiko I agree oh thank you they
take a while to get out and in other
awesome news we have an even bigger tent
well I guess it's not bigger but better
would you like to show us the separate
rooms over in the tent
Oh call from West along okay we're going
to lift the curtain of the tent you even
have your dresses hanging and your
swimsuit Wow okay so this one is
Olivia's perfect
and then I'm guessing that you have
these dividers so that you guys don't
bother each other when it's time to go
to sleep yeah okay trouble and we won't
okay okay so and then this is another
another divider that you have here okay
this is Kody's I got it your bikini I
want to get it what do you have a know
your sub common Captain America okay
alidium me I don't know what you're
saying CODIS okay this is Boston's yeah
my char in my Bob Joe stuff your paw
patrol stuff your beautiful costume kay
I think that this is a pretty good setup
we all got going here Jill is going on I
have no idea when he plans on being home
it could be later on this evening
I haven't seen you very much the last
four days but it's weird because it's
been kind of nice not is I love having
Jill around and the biggest thing that
has changed with Joel being home versus
when he was working outside of the home
is I yelled a lot more I feel like now
that Joel at home he can help calm the
kids I can help calm the kids and I just
don't yell as much anyway it's been nice
kind of going back to our like old
routine that we had and anyway so Joel
and I want to do their together when he
gets home tonight but I want to end the
vlog here because I want to have the
vlog all the way edited poor Joel just
like I used to
so when he gets home we can
together thank you guys so much for
watching and we'll see you guys tomorrow
fine
