if I didn't know better it looks like
you're leaving me
me and my tools go me and my tools are
out of here
so Joe's on his way to help my brother
Bo put up a shed Hey good old-fashioned
barn rings I hope that you guys enjoy
your time together both good company and
yesterday I found out how much you like
to go I love you I'll see you in two
days
yeah we're all getting our trucks and
four-wheelers powered up so we've got
something to ride today yes Lincoln oh
you got a hook down Kody's working it
was just what he's doing he's been doing
this for years now haven't yet years
years years Wow I remember the first
time I watched you we even have that
recorded somewhere yeah is there's a
dragonfly oh and it fly right on you
Cody that's awesome mother likes you
look at that beautiful dragonfly and
again our Bollywood
you guys this crib chance I think I hate
it it works it's great but I can't seem
on the baby monitor and I kind of I
don't know I don't know I think I kind
of need it it works but I think I need
it you and your baby happy summer I was
gonna say you and your baby look so
sweet together yeah she has thicker hair
home I am so glad that we're gonna be
over at I mean Jelena sometimes Sonya
two weeks two weeks and is dreamy since
my birthday we did Olivia's hair the
same as her dolly she even wanted a
matching hairband
so we got oh we didn't change it ah you
hold on to the shopping list for me you
have your babe that you're taking care
of and I have my two babes I'm taking
care of when you were
little Olivia and you too mostly you
though I didn't I start buying they're
kind of expensive own worth of strength
these were my literal favorite is that
what we see that I used to give them for
you and I thought you were so sweet
everything I'm not eating the box and
then we went to the big old cheap ones
in the big old thing why don't you guys
can each grab one and get one for
Lincoln okay oh it has a little handle I
used to have a little string and all
those excuses oh and it's met and you
can share with Melanie good melody your
child well don't give it to him yet
don't give it to him yet because he will
want it either right now yes my mom uses
this toilet wand and she buys the
refills for it and I think I'm going to
give it a go I think I'm going to try it
I'll put a link in the description you
guys want to check them out for yourself
Boston Boston where are you fun then I
can't find you they did not even ask
Olivia she just grabbed blossoms hand
and she's like doesn't you see right by
me there are too many cars this is this
she is the best little mommy in the
world are you so excited yes Olivia I
appreciate you and I love you thank you
all right Melanie let's go kids have
started assembling all of their stuff
and I think that we're going to have to
take a break after eating our lunch and
go downstairs where it's cool and blow
all the things up by hand or by mouth
because dad still has our compressor and
he is still uncle Beau's doing the shed
he said they're just about halfway done
or more than halfway done they're more
than halfway done he's going to be there
all day today too so he had fun for what
you have to eat it about eat it this is
lunch don't take it apart just take a
big bite
yeah a big one now let me pull it up
opal opal I laboured intensively getting
this flippin thing blown up I did it
though
pull pull pull pull go go go girl you're
the muscle yeah he coming right in one
point okay you come in yes
oh holy I go okay if something is broke
I'm going to be so sad
okay next to hear her message today yeah
try it
show me
you're so welcome
okay we're gonna go down to Piper
perfect thank you
before I resume my spot on the patio
watching the kids and sitting here doing
the dishes in the kitchen watching them
from the window and I yes and dying and
how cute I think they are oh is that Ben
it's this big sometimes I ask myself
when the heck did I have four kids when
do I have each one of those kids out
there I just can't believe that they're
all mine
there goes Lincoln run in the lap how
does he know that's what you do how do
you know that's what you do little boy I
didn't know any maybe you didn't like me
bring you more tea time damn was it you
said about 14 times in a year
what jammies do you want to find Oh
grams is he coming birthday cake well
let's go down here and find your jammies
of Grandma Connie different
Lincoln's refusing to come in and the
kids are laughing their heads off sorry
he was going to come the slide he looks
like a frog
I'll tell you it's time we brought them
in I'm gonna bite all the kids are
frozen
most of the kids end up crying so we're
just going to feed you the only way you
want to be fed normally he does not like
to be thanked
Pam said bye mommy huh yeah Derek focus
more and you know me yes you've
experienced that with all just now no
media yeah kids are all watching old
birthday blog huh yeah yeah we're going
right into that was when you were two
can you guys say good night to everybody
so we can close our black Boston Cody
say good night well you guys saw about
as much of Joel this weekend as I have
seen of Joel this weekend
he said they still have a lot more to do
it's about seven o'clock at night right
now so we'll see I'm trying to get the
kids put to bed and I can't wait to see
Joel when he gets home I have thoroughly
enjoyed the kids while Joel's been gone
I feel like I've been able to really
just focus in on them and I loved every
bit of this weekend I can't wait for
Joel to be home but I went through the
house and we had dinner I got it all the
way cleaned up I mopped the floors I did
the dishes
and I just I don't know I'm excited that
joel has been out working hard
I've been nurturing and keeping the kids
happy got the house clean and now time
to retire for the night
he just found his binky Lincoln Lincoln
you have one in your mouth and one in
your seat
oh whoops
Bunker's click that thumbs up if you
made it to the end of the video I will
see you guys tomorrow bye guys
ah
