I wrote my when you got on the floor
when you went to sleep you were in your
crib I checked on you I don't know when
you calm the floor I looked in the
monitor this morning I'm like um he sent
his crib
oh he's that dress neither might have
signed up put the camera on me that's so
wobbly he fell over okay Joel yeah
I ordered a crib net because I cannot I
had intentions of he put your head over
here
I'll talk to you maybe I'm sorry so we
can't shove each other I thought I was
going to be able to take his crib apart
and let him either sleep in a little bed
or on a mattress he's still my baby I'm
not doing that
yeah I'm not doing that so I ordered a
crib mattress and it's or I mean a crib
tent and I overnighted it sold a
same-day
noth-nothing overnight I'm here the
vehicle inspection place that put a lot
of work into Frank and I'm hope
we'll just pass this final exam one last
time for one last time in my hand are
the packing papers Frank past break
passes head go get our certificate now
and drive home Lincoln don't play that
the Train let's build it
oh I wanted to build a truck with you
won't build track sake train track black
yeah crook my trials what are you
watching you like Goldie and bear and he
was singing it the entire time a little
bit of Adelaide singing just hearing the
words and then sing nice that's how I
rock out on the radio anyway and fellow
funny but a good time
well what would that Golden Bear
we can
good morning I finally got myself
dressed properly ready to record for you
guys I was in my bedroom making my bed
and I was looking at this ring that I
have sitting here on Joel's side of the
bed fonsella sided bed he's always had
this picture of me ever since high
school on his nightstand and I don't
know why I have kept this little ring
over here but I look at all the time and
I realized that I hadn't I've never told
you guys the story behind my little
turtle ring so I'm going to sit right
here in front of Jill's dresser and I'm
going to tell you guys the story about
how I was scammed on my first trip to
Hawaii I was on a mission I wanted a
very nice piece of jewelry so that I
could wear at my entire life and think
of my trip there and I found one I found
this little guy and it was like nothing
like I had ever seen in the other shops
and I asked the lady you know what's it
made of it's 14-karat gold she said it
was solid 14 karat gold and stupid me I
asked her I should have listened to my
gut I asked her I said no it was $1000
$1000 price tag and I said now obviously
I'm a tourist I don't want you to sell
me a piece of crap ring and say that
it's 14-karat gold when it's really not
and she was like Oh sweetheart she said
I want you to look on the inside of this
ring and then the inside has a stamped
14k which you 14 karat gold have that
but you can stamp 14-karat into brass
any day of the week so I really should
have listened to my gut and she said you
know what she said these rings were 50%
off last week I'm going to give you the
50% off that's another red flag I should
I should have been like okay so I was
like oh cool
$500 like I can do that and she's like
do you like this do you like it fitting
on your pinky I was like yeah and she's
like most of the time we have to resize
ringing
I can do another 10% off for you if you
don't have to have it resized since we
always have to resize and I was like
yeah I love it on my pinky oh look it's
so cute you guys why wasn't that another
sign
who gives just 60% off stupid me I was
not paying attention I just I just
wanted a really cute gold turtle ring
Ellie and I were obsessed with seeing a
sea turtle and we did we finally saw
them I saw one on my second trip I swam
with it on my second trip to Hawaii
anywhere no I got home and the ring
totally turned my finger green I need to
take it into a jeweler and see because
my my guess and assumption is that the
turtle is gold but the the band is brass
or whatever it's made of just not real
gold I need to take it in and actually
haven't seen I went back I talked to the
same lady and I was like hey you lied to
me I'm like this ring turn my finger
green here's my receipt and she
conveniently didn't speak English
anymore yeah that was anyway and as I
was talking to her there was a bunch of
subscribers that came up and was wanting
to talk to us and so I just got screwed
and it's okay yeah so that is my story
of how I was scammed on vacation another
thing that made me think to tell you
guys that stories I finally have my
seashells put in my little corner so
these are those Turtles we got in Hawaii
I think I already showed you this the
picture of us on the beach that's Boston
the little green turtle and these are
the seashells that Olivia's great great
great grandma collected on the shore in
Oregon on the Oregon coast there are
some seashells in here from my dad when
he was in lanai Hawaii and then a lot of
the little teeny ones are the ones that
Olivia collected in Hawaii that Olivia
and I collected I very carefully hand
placed each one in the little jar and
the kids won't touch it so we made this
dinner
it's not good it's so not good Joel will
eat anything and he is dry-heaving over
this dinner do you like it oh you eat
anything - okay waited if you pick up
attack you love of it that's no good
okay what is this called pica pica
something like that piece I don't miss
this is a roasted eggplant and tomatoes
and onion it's just not good and jalsa I
think we should all eat the Lika pika
let's juice always and Sica and then if
we can hurry and eat it maybe we'll have
time to get a dessert or something I
hope I say you're getting instant I'm
trying my best to not be like okay I'm
gonna $5 pizza I really wanted to have
like a healthy meal do you like it yeah
I don't like you I think I love you
pretty huh pistachios those in the
Prospectus um I don't know it it's not
good it's just not good Halloween is I
don't want to give in I don't want to
die okay let's go get some crab we'll
just have water
what look at you tonight yeah as grandma
Kerrigan would say we're fasting tonight
capacitor Hey look wing candy yes he
likes you safe okay everyone get in the
car go go go go go go go go I'll do
dishes
don't spit it out
Oh
all right guys thank you took turns in
my face but hairs in my grandfather
thank you so much for watching I will
see you guys tomorrow can you say good
night to everybody code okay bye if you
guys have ever had a crap dinner like
that before
give the video a thumbs up and we'll see
us in tomorrow's box
