long day we are at my parents house
starting long day and look at my dad he
did a really nice job trimming his hedge
it's nice and flat all the way along
separating missed a spot but there is a
little birds nest up in there and he's
trying to salvage and there's two little
birdies up there dad there's a three
little birds up there there's two or
three yeah three little baby birdies up
there so we're going to leave this part
of the hedge for now for the next few
weeks until they fly away what a nice
guy dad what a nice guy I'm surprised
you caught that how did you catch it
that fast one of them must have fell out
and I saw him in the hedge and then he
hopped back up in there and that is the
funniest thing ever I love it
Oh
so cool one day
it's Saturday morning and I'm coming to
check and see how the basement looks the
kids said it was perfectly clean we were
okay so Boston you get all the rappers
that are on the floor box and even hurry
Boston and get all the rappers on the
floor look you're just stand-in there
hurry
okay you do that
I'll keep inspecting look through stuff
all over the floor come get these in
right here the basement looks good the
boy said the room is perfect let's see
the bed is made the bed is made Susan
the floor is okay that looks pretty good
you guys considering what it looked like
before hand I'm pretty proud of that
laughing didn't help he didn't yeah that
doesn't surprise me
okay so it's time to get dressed the big
boys said they cannot decide who gets to
watch the movie so what was your
suggestion and whoever wins negative
Ramon wins what don't roll up you gotta
win this stuff we're going to see one
Bush I made it up a career in manga we
run and we push each other and whoever
falls down gets a room up right Boston
are you okay with taught me that far out
well I I'm okay but the world was you
can't be by stuff right what does that
mean tarteel in Boston what does that
mean well we have two gentlemen yeah
yeah I always reply and then Vanessa
being Korean it's onions right
yeah you guys his Father's Day
let's go give dad his present all
growing up my family had a special
tradition and all of us kids
we're in God on my parents had for
Father's Day and Mother's Day that's
what my mom did and she was young is
what we're gonna do
good morning my goodness everyone is so
tired
nobody wants to party but we have church
so we got to get up and get ready do you
want your present notice to that um we
want to say Happy Father's Day to you we
love you very much I hope you really
like those red bag you lift the top off
so that there's a lid
do you like yeah every because Levi I
got lease we have seen these wood
watches around and we just I I love them
and I hope you love it you love it it's
made of koa wood is : yeah Hawaii okay
so those fairways are you while you're
looking at your watch
look how cool the boxes there's a little
drawer it's like a secret drawer initial
I think the box is almost my favorite
part the live is a little magnetic one
do you like it oh so cool oh cool
does for watch work um yellow watch
words you like it a band out being and I
had to guess on the size darn it it's
okay we'll get it we'll get it adjusted
for you
it's handsome on you I know when I saw
that you could see the moving parts I
thought yep that's the one Joel's gonna
love it real I knew I knew that I knew
that that's beautiful babe what you're
kidding it's cool it was so fun to watch
that awesome I knew you would love all
my watches are batteries like they just
died and I never replace already dad
would Google do oh man I'm sorry you
dude you don't need you use batteries
daddy has his head we go get our sleepy
head I can't see well and just like that
we went to church and we are back and we
are getting ready to have dinner and we
are getting ready to talk about all the
things that we love about our dad
the father if you guys are interested in
those watches I will put a link for the
description they are from the company
board and I know they're doing a
giveaway for one of those watches so
I'll have all their information in the
description my dad is as big as brother
white beats all my dad everything is to
go four-wheeling yes it is my dad likes
to eat fish tacos yes my dad is happy
when he takes us places my dad is the
best dad because he has funny fun my dad
and I like to fish together we sure do
my dad is question mark years old my dad
is like feet tall big my dad likes to
eat soda my dad's favorite color is blue
my dad everything to do go four-wheeling
someone helps right Boston for him the
simplest drawing amiibo yeah read bottom
it you're also your best for last
okay my dad is so strongly because with
two bricks whose answers are these
my dad worked hard at making stuff it
might have to go anywhere he would go
camping and four-wheeling like the for
shirt looks like an angry face well
that's how he perceives you how dad is
so strong he could lift that every ball
so strong you can lift the flame right
that is really true I take a lot of work
so my dad is happy when we get a press
hey we all are all right let's hear
Olivia's Lidia's silver powder dry
nothing oh let me go that's great me too
deep are cutting down trees hmm I got to
go anywhere if my dad could go anywhere
you would go to the four wheeler story
so the kids know you like four-wheelers
right as you go camping my dad's
favorite thing to do is this
four-wheeler
my dad is 32 years old is there anyone
that is two feet tall no my dad likes to
eat chicken my ex go anywhere you want
to go to Hawaii I thought that right my
dad is happy when Olivia scratches my
back that is with that I want my dad to
know that I love things cold
I want my death note I love Canada my
dad is the best because he loves me and
I watched my dad know I love him Canada
were on shuffle Tokyo home yeah we'll
keep up yeah yeah you guys can have two
cans but daddy's got to take the papers
off okay I've had a wonderful Father's
Day bonnie is gone above and beyond for
me today so I'm going to wish everybody
a Happy Father's Day my dad my
father-in-law my brothers and all a
happy Father's late and all of you a
happy Father's Day and we are going to
finish out having a good party here at
my brother Jeff's house and if you liked
the video give it a thumbs up and it may
be the channel subscribe we'll see you
guys tomorrow
Oh
