okay these are too cute not to share we
checked our p.o box and got a really
sweet package and on a picture of boss
mrs. Boston cute little police officer
Fawlty I love you so so much I really
want to sit by you
I want sit by you ha ha ha I hope you
are always happy love you okay
Boston look she drew a picture of you as
the Hokie president colony and you're
mostly interested in these treats that
was actually a really I was like yogurt
jelly and they seemed a little weird
that they smell no way awesome and this
one's Olivia as Elsa I love your
kindness and also your beautiful long
hair you are as pretty as ever I hope
you you like my artwork love you oh
there are work so she drew everything up
Egyptian under Lincoln first open
Lincoln okay open it up Cody let's see
yours Cody says Cody I love your dance
moves
I remember your move in Hawaii's video I
hope you always I hope you are always
happy like that oh okay can you see oh
my god
that countersuit is perfectly okay let's
open let's go to come open okay open it
up and this is the choose plan and just
a reminder you might need a dog in in
the gars cute the cute part i telling me
with this air inside your walk down
there volcano hey how are you through
your hair okay
she's walking in here oh my gosh doggies
up Lincoln I love your beautiful blue
eyes and hope you remember your young
age which seems so fun
sweet dreams this is the sweetest thing
oh my gosh those are so cute okay we
honestly need to find a good place to
put those I am are you boys ready for
your last day fairy camp oh yes there
was only two days of it does that make
you sad there's four days - for the
girls in - for the boys you wish there
was longer yes you can I know you can
sometimes I just don't think you want to
try by yourself put that shoe on first
and then we'll figure that out can you
do that I was a bit over Olivia and I
did we got up and we finish our first
workout I don't know what happened to me
in Hawaii they work out all the time
like not all the times are pretty
routinely and I thought when I get home
I'm going to continue to do that and I
got home and I just couldn't do it I
just didn't do it every night I thought
okay you really need to start doing your
work that we work out and I just haven't
done it the meal I get yeah how do you
feel terrible terrible it's kind of hard
to be honest I hate it too but it's good
for us it's really good to get our
bodies exercising yeah
my one job today was registered both
vehicles so about safety and emissions
then on the card and it failed both of
them is not safe and notice F deletions
I honestly don't know we're going to do
and I don't really feel like replacing
the car by any means but I don't feel
like doubling the value of the car by
fixing the problem I hate this see that
pooling I'm on my way to go pick up the
boys from a fairy camp and I just I'm
going to bring this swimsuit over to
Ellie's house if she can take it to my
sister Julie's house she's going out
there if you guys watched yesterday's
video you know what I'm referring to and
I'm going to show you the absolute
amazingness of this swimsuit so it comes
up in it ties on the shoulder right here
it has this roughly frilly top that goes
underneath the arm and then up on top of
the shoulder it comes down it's a little
one-piece and it has a matching hat tell
me that's not the most glam to for a
little girl if it came in my size I
would have bought it for myself
oh god that doesn't fit Olivia's I'm so
excited to see on Emma so the kids make
slime at fairy cam
they brought it to you okay just kidding
make it yes did you try to pick it off
that's kind of the hazard of the game
I'll come help you get out thank you for
picking the boys up for me that was
really nice of you
these are dragons that they made so they
made dragon oh my gosh what the heck did
you do well we um we did you glue the
pieces on oh okay what are they doing
with you after I can't
I don't really know there is a real
chance bonding experience I would have
called it for coming yeah yeah very nice
at the fairy tale tomb well I like the
fairy council and I'm flying away there
you go okay I was going to wear their
very pale camp okay
oh yeah wow wow wow wow wow
guys come here it's time to go guys can
you go time to go to the library
Cody's looking at me like I'm crazy
Boston doesn't know what's going on and
Olivia's excited we're going to go want
to ride the bus he was a little left
anti-climatic can be fun
the library is one of those things that
we have on our have our son left so the
ones on the library and yesterday we're
talking with aunt Julie and she is
telling me that every night for kids
like to go to sleep and listen to books
on tape and I've been obsessed with
books on tape and I thought that's the
perfect idea because our Sun Goes Down
at like nice one five-way lake we are in
bed hours before that your hand looks
awkward very awkward though it's very
awkward but the cameras new like I'm
trying to be della
camera dude so anyway the kids go to bed
and the Sun is still out a lot of the
times and I think it would be so fun if
they are able to listen to a really fun
kid spoke on tape
well we did that so some father-son go
to the library I'm most excited to go on
the bus I'm not excited to go on the bus
why oh I like to buy the red public
transportation is awesome I just think
the bus is fun could you just wander
through it it rattled back cause it's
hot people don't like to talk the people
on kids think it's a lot of fun we're
just barely getting over nap time
Lincoln we're going to go wake him up I
was able to get ready for date night
because tonight yep you guys will have a
babysitter and Joel and I are going to
go on date night until get off this
phone Gigi oh I am Josh you're under the
bed with Cody yeah okay do you love him
very much then why do you fight with
them so very much he fights me hey Joel
do you know what I just realized
normally when I face the camera this
direction their faces are black but
because of the shadow from the pergola I
can film in front of this window he left
that dang doggy does that dang dog that
darn dog busy holy line one goes in
library
honking on the bus yeah dude
got your car keys gotcha dahi I like I
like that he carried the dog like it
says fresh kill just like your mom you
come with me
hey best friend
you know what about how boys take your
time do it and you pull it on and do a
lot of 150 bucks huh
my first memories of riding the bus ever
working with my little plastic lawn
mower like him and my dad at our real
one our and we drug it homes but that we
had to go up to Grandma Helene was going
on in one of the cars with broke down I
just beg you remember that clear as day
we are sitting on the side of the road
waiting for our bus to get here to go
home I felt like that was so it is a
long vlog vlog did you guys have fun
what did you like about the library I
like these things the science thing
about seven five yeah I need we made
Mikey recipes food weird did you guys
have fun and I'm glad that you enjoyed
that I thought it was fun I wasn't the
most thrilled about waiting for the bus
but it was kind of fun it was an
adventure
I think it's nice taking the bus every
now and you don't have to think about
driving or going or anything even if
you're the pastor you don't worry I
think a lady obstacle
so okay dad is not free oh if that goes
in mommy first
Joel and I are going to go home and get
ready for our date put the kids to bed
so see you guys on Monday
have a good weekend guys spice I don't
know what you started but you will find
eat up dad I don't buy your way from I
go
