a beautiful beautiful summer morning
finally again I feel like three days of
crummy rain it's brief but it's cloud
free and we are down at first Dam and I
just got this just hankering yesterday
to go fishing with my boys and I want to
start taking them one by one and go
fishing and I brought Cody out come
fishing with me so the first time here
at first dam you never fished it first
and before heavier this is my pole from
when I was a little boy it's not the
greatest pole in the world but but guess
what that catches fish and that's a good
fishing pole right there
can you hold on to that one for me today
we have to crouch down over by the car
not necessarily because it's too cold
but because the wind is so bad the
breeze is just going to be across the
camera the entire time so we're over
here by the car huddling down we got all
of our gear out ready to go but this is
the only place where there's no noise so
put it in tight spaces we'll get some
good shots out there
okay and when it thinks that we do
conduct it when that stinks like how to
fish all right but this is your poll go
on out right now
a few of the old-timers in my
neighborhood a fish this area quite a
bit they said the key to here is a
little bit of marshmallow and a little
bit of worm and that is that is it and
not like PowerBait marshmallows just
good old-fashioned mini marshmallows
right there and some worms and you're
going to catch that and I've been
fishing with them before and I have just
thrown a light out and pulled a fish in
every time but when I come out on my own
I just haven't been able to do I don't
know the differences so we'll see if we
can try it again and get a fish today
I'm positive that's just like a branch
or something but that is the creepiest
look a little branch thing I think I've
ever seen in my life it looks like the
back of a turkey creepy all right Cody
I'm ready for your first ever cat let's
see it hey somewhere okay flip your
thing over and reel it in
okay okay hey get out of there ducks you
bet you got a duck in your worm really
did really fun
that's silly ducky right that's my son's
bait there you go lift it up lift it up
lift it up okay we're good they didn't
get you Oh silly stupid duck well we
didn't catch a single thing we're going
to sing a bite but I don't feel too bad
because I talked to a couple of other
anglers out here and they said they've
been fishing here for months now and
because the water is so high that the
fish just aren't biting for some reason
I don't I don't know if I have to do
with anything but they said they are
used to getting like 10 to 15 fish a day
fishing here nothing this year just the
water so high so it's not me it's not me
that's good to know
not me I'm still a good fisherman it's
not really at all but it was fun anyway
I think Cody had a good time and we'll
try it again oh hey can I have these
he's like no
okay I want to hear all about Barry Kemp
yo that is really cool I like that
sounds cool in the Frog yeah I'm right
here okay painted one oh my grandma and
I made some fun purple swine know what
Triple E and I need you're making a bike
loud
can I ride my bike on it if I bring my
bike can I ride my bike on it whoa we
got the strawberries it had like white
chocolate on them and then like these
marshmallows under it and I got two did
you make them no they just had them for
you overnight that's true macaroni light
for a snack made precious water juice
how fun did you meet any friend and we
played a game or like eeek so this
microphone itch they keep the bike it up
and it's how you like um like so if your
are too you go on this side if you're
one you go on this side and they keep
the blood off and then they keep it -
you got to get their name and if you get
it they come to your cost but if they
get it then you come to their size Wow
yeah good leave that strip I wanted that
strip left there yeah well just that
part now get over here that's great
Cody is doing such a good job
neighbors are peeking in they think it's
a good entertainment as you guys do
there you go engaging the blade don't
let it start it doesn't need to it's
okay it's yeah so this is how most
professionals mow their lawn just random
strips here and there they get it they
get it they get it done he actually did
really good over here when I was helping
him and kind of working with him so now
he's just going rogue for me when I was
Cody's eight-six I had a few lawns of my
own that I mowed and got paid to do and
it was just something I always wanted to
do I don't know why I like mowing lawns
and I still loved him on my lawn it's a
little bit hard to pass the mantle part
of me wants to see him grow and expand
what he can do and actually give him
some chores and things like that but the
other part of me is like I really like
still mowing my lawn I really enjoy it
are you ready to get a sandwich I mean
Olivia made peanut butter and jelly
sandwiches for everybody Joel tries to
hide the ant situation from me I don't
even dare front walk back here well I
just spread the granules of poison yeah
I'll see oh my gosh they're already all
over your fears groan you bear oh my
gosh no I can see the entire ground
moving over there bad they've actually
settled down they were bad or dear
since the last time we picked up the
camera it wasn't four hours ago do you
see how happy he was and going into your
arms because mom hey hey well that's
because he's been inside while I was
making dinner he was being so naughty so
he's like not happy with me right here I
guess yes we spent hours in the yard
Joanne throw and put all the little
final touches on the pergola here is the
final product of our pergola it is
finished and I searched for hours and
hours trying to find the right / glow to
go to even to determine if I really
wanted one and I finally came across
Heartland pergola and I have been
totally impressed it's a good company
and a good product they sell and not
only that multiple days when I was
working on it I got phone calls from the
sales rep saying do you have any
questions what do you need how can I
help and they're clear in another state
but they were just concerned about
anything that goes out their door
everything was exact and I love it it's
this premium a hundred percent change we
don't have we never have shame I usually
don't like to come out when it's super
hot and you have dinners and stuff we
won't invite people over for barbecue so
there's this just Sun on us all the time
and now there's 100% shade and I just I
hope that everyone can just appreciate
its gorgeousness I just like it I just
like it it feels so good to make the
home nice do you know what I mean like I
know we've been remodeling forever but
making the outside look nice is a big
deal to okay I think we're gonna call it
a night
thank you guys so much for watching we
appreciate it it was so much fun like
working in the yard with you today that
was so fun having you by my little side
you didn't want to work when he's pretty
hard I had to get my hat on because I
didn't want the Sun on my eyebrows
anyway it was a lot of fun working with
you and it was nice that the kids just
putted around to neighbors were here
they went to neighbors is just uneven oh
it looks so good see our looks so good
Joel thank you for my planter boxes for
putting the Fertile up meeting those
while you were making dinner I did not
realize how
which I would enjoy them but like
creating over or nothing I was just like
I feel like there's not enough to Teague
I feel like a marry me yeah tomorrow's
one day but we got our lawn done today
we got to do our lawn the day before
long day cuz kind of server hey can you
guys say good night
it's just what I enjoy a good night
everybody
