no so bad we think this is some ice
cream what with mom teaching you to say
whoa whoa oh yeah whoa you're stinky
there you are whoo say ice cream
hey say bike oh I could smell him from
our oh yeah I like it hit me as soon as
I turn the ball what's doing
no thank you that's more than huh that's
my ice cream he's like yes my ice cream
hmm we can say Wow say no no me knowing
yummy
buy him into that of his teeth why not
playing Scallon no I'm gonna put my
diaper every night
look at the move kick he's like getting
in position on when I eat this I agree
mom when I live in here not that say no
shame no shame no mercy hey we eat food
in the kitchen young man anybody this is
all quiet from weekend awake now um
where does that ice cream come from mom
sort of a hmm
good night Lincoln oh I'll be like a 10
you in the fall
did you share with it um look he doesn't
even care the look on his face is
usually no he does not care if there's
no one in the room but him a nice fine
that's fine I don't care I don't care if
I have a spoon oh you know seeking spoon
Guinea bud there's a hint of poop in the
air jack
no no nothing woman what did you say
I need and learn up real Momo actually
the only person these kids ever learn
any bad words froze me which you might
not all know is I am a sailor at heart
and I love it Bonnie can't stop won't
stop Devils in profanity oh good
you guys I'm so happy right now
good morning guys the day has come it is
time for fairy camp and that sounds a
little bit funny because Cody and boss
are going to fairy camp as well the
fairies are masculine huh yes you found
whites many couple dozen you bedroom I
need to wash your face very camp in a
four-day camp two days for the girls two
days to the boys today is the boys day
the boys are eagerly getting their shoes
on and getting ready to go is your
cousin Jackson going to be there yep he
sure is do you need some help with your
shoes basically cue girls in the
neighborhood are going to be on this
camp a day camp that's so cool
so definitely take you boys and I
the living to count 11 so you excited
yeah yes bye
do you see the red you see the red on
the thermostat the red on a service that
means that the here is on Joel was that
what was that nothing man
flip up look but you think oh my gosh
yes cigarette out of me scared the crap
out of me
I don't thought my very first thought
was it sounded exactly the way it
sounded when you were down here doing
construction like a nail gun so I
thought it was less thought I mean I
knew you were down here with the kids
well you damaged the ceiling I was I was
called demonstrate we've got these and I
lifted my foot and rolled up Nicole what
also was the handle no I was no good man
but I'm glad that it didn't hit like I'm
glad I did because that was I mean that
is not funny that would really hurt him
let's try for Olivia's face invited her
Olivia's face I didn't kill no it made
me Joe I was outside recording and it
was like ah what the heck was I saying
it's the middle of June and I have the
heater on because it's how how cold is
it outside 45 degrees in the middle of
June Olivia's like I really wanted to be
hot and like me too me too me too
you guys were so nice in yesterday's
video I'm commenting on my hairstyle and
so I just thought I would quickly show
you guys because I've been asked by you
many many times on how I get
and it's the easiest thing in the world
so so you grab one piece you grab
another piece you twist it and the first
piece stays up you grab another section
you twist it
not even like twist it like a rotation
so I may be a little bit like that you
scoop up another piece and you twist it
I hope you can see what I'm doing then
when you get to the bottom you just keep
going basically and then I take all of
it I have it parted in the center in the
back a soft part and from here you can
either braid it you can continue to
twist it but I don't want my long hair
to go away so I pay for a tough long
hair for nothing so leaving it out and I
just put a pony in there and then I take
each piece and I just pull it and you
can do this a lot you can do it a little
you just take section and pull them out
that's it that's all I do
well we got back into our you what we're
going to me
what were the dragon time come back and
you can be on so eight eight six and you
and we've got the you kiss their front
fighting your lipstick or square hole
and one touch and when it gorillas have
one not illicit problem and I think it
looks like on do you do it but there it
is we get all in my gosh and Cody are to
God really not do you decide totally
surprises did you make um no they made
them for you and are they soared yes
those are so cool yeah
haven't seen him crawl and I don't know
how long I'm on America yeah and I did
my picture to Alabama but they can do
much cool if you can come over I think
he might come over in place
yes you guys are so fun are you excited
to go back not tomorrow but the next day
yeah tomorrow's Olivia's Day yay for
fairy cab oh I'm so glad you guys had
fun
oh I'm so glad did you make sure to tell
him thank you
oh did you forget don't you when you go
tomorrow or the next day oh good do you
see he's copying you Cody
what does it say them excuse me
Boston can you please say yes like are
you say go a little more oh there you go
wow she stayed in Lincoln that looks
like a hurt honey hit him while he's
down yep going down
whoa
Cody okay I kind of feel like an old
married couple doing the dishes and
that's okay I guess my toys old married
couple years you've been gone I've been
trying to keep things clean and you got
home them like okay the last thing I
have to do is dishes will you please
help me do the dishes look for Lincoln
makes up and he is awake now but he's
just going to wait till we're done we
have something to tell you guys it means
it's not really big news okay
suppose on July 14th we are going to be
working with enable you taught Mary
nonprofit organization a music tutoring
that also we can until Mary nonprofit I
like to use with me and smiled okay
they're a nonprofit organization we're
going to be working with them they're
putting on a concert it's going to be in
Ogden Utah
and they're going to have Drake white
who is such a good country artist right
there is going to be a booth set up in
the concert if you want to buy a ticket
to the third day so if you want to buy a
ticket in the concert you'll be able to
come in and meet us at our booth I think
it's gonna be a really fun night you
guys totally enjoy the last year it was
a great performance last year fun I love
is like July to make those wonderful I
love it yeah it'll be fun so if you guys
want to come and see us click the link
in the description that's where you can
buy the ticket the kids and I are at the
grocery store and we are trying to put
together a package and basically what
I'm doing is seeing whatever they think
is really fun
is what we'll send why did you think
that drinks are such a fun thing those
are actually adorable a marshmallow mini
boat that's adorable
that's actually really cute we're
sending an Emma a few hand-me-down
clothes and so I thought we would send
something fun in the package with it
okay it's unanimous
we're doing water balloons these are our
absolute favorite yep we are there are
favorites attending events okay let's do
it
alright cutie to tease we need to pack
up our box you hold the camera honey you
hold the camera okay I'm going to fill
the box there's only one item that I
have to showcase to you so I bought this
in super Olivia
full well where is it where is it
are you kidding me are you kidding me
is it my hair where is it did you guys
move just to make me downstairs
are those my clothes no way that example
may gold on oh I literally that was the
whole point of this spanking package
with this swings that you know what I am
sending this anyway oh I have a cutest
link if I was gonna send two and I have
a didn't fit Olivia that I bought for
Olivia thinking that it was going to
come
I wasn't going to send Olivia photos to
you to not buy I know the weirdest thing
I just bought it knowing it wouldn't fit
Olivia kind of thinking our tended to
Mme I have a whole bunch of other
clothes that just don't fit Olivia that
are in really nice shape that I know
will fit Emma and so we wanted to send
them to her
we're some treats and goodies and now I
don't have that main special item okay
never mind and this is one of our
favorites but it doesn't fit anymore no
I love that but it doesn't fit anymore
just a little tight I think Olivia has
hit a growth spurt and none of her
clothes fit her they are so tight are
they growing up getting bigger oh yeah
yep do you always the only siblings
right currently that lives not within
several hours of the family the unknown
the results Kate and I can only imagine
how long she might feel sometimes so
that's why you want I'm making some
special
you're weird shiny thank you guys thank
you
oh my gosh we're seeing cute cards all
over the place are anyway okay scoot
over please
so now we need to address our box and
then we will get it sent on its way
thank you guys so much for watching we
are going to call it a day you're going
to get this package setup and then go
home have dinner and get the kids to bed
pretty routine so thank you guys for
watching please brown
Oh
you
