I didn't dry my tears on purpose for
this scene right now hey get out of my
medicine bag I'll tell you that in a
minute
she'll ask me he's all hi wasn't a mouth
wait for the camera let me go get it
okay I'm gonna start I mean just a
little last night was horrendous last
night I thought I was feeling like I
know I had this cough and I've had this
cold we had a brand deal to do so I was
like suck it up slap some makeup on do a
little extra contouring and good job and
I got my work done
I bent down last night kind of fast I
was like there was like a bubble in my
ear you know like pressure you know and
Olivia had her ear ache and I was like
man I'm waiting for this thing to pop
and by the my breath yeah I haven't even
brushed my teeth yet today mm-hmm I'm a
disgusting mess Olivia woke up crying I
was like my ear hurts so bad the doctor
looked at it and said it was a mild it
was kind of red and he looked in my ear
today and he was like oh my gosh he goes
yeah he's like this is the worst your
infection I've seen this whole month
he's like and everyone's been in here
this month he goes like your eardrum is
so red he's like there's so much pass
there's so much fluid buildup I've got
to do anything to it I was like can you
pop it he's like no he's like it looks
like it's about to burst on its own he's
like you need to go get this medication
he do it the strong stuff and I was like
what about that cough medicine with
codeine he's like you want that I was
like yes so come drug me up and put me
in bed well let's put luckily we we did
two days what's vlogging technically
yesterday so today we don't have to do
much I want wanting to yeah what no
yesterday was crazy on Brian Dale days
it's like you guys see two minutes not
even two minutes like a minute of a
brand deal and it literally takes us all
day it's crazy
well I got Olivia's prescription cause I
felt so bad I was like I need to get
Olivia's prescription for her no that
one's the codeine yes yes no those two
bottles are hers I'm like smiling right
now
kind of like laughing because I'm like I
think it's because I feel better knowing
that I had told him I said I'm happy
that it's really bad that way I know I
wasn't faking it last night like I can't
touch this side of my face I can't hear
out of this ear and like touching it's
just like it was so bad well if I even
like breathe and she kind of had like a
burp last night and she would burp and
she would like to chill oh my gosh oh
yeah cuz I've hurt so bad let's go to
the ER I was willing to take her in
anytime anyone oh then I just you know I
just knew that I didn't do that for
Olivia and I wasn't about to like do it
for myself you know you're sick I don't
love saving everything not gonna happen
the doctor said I was the worst case
he's ever seen that does not require
Tiffany's I can't hear my face the
doctor sometimes the worst case he's
seen probably told you to say that first
destination Lowe's to get the supplies
that we need put on our way down here
Tito Boston decided to put gum all over
his hands luckily it's not on the seats
of anything but that is a little
ridiculous but guess he doesn't get gum
anymore yeah I've told you to keep the
gum in your mouth huh okay but I think
that looks pretty good I feel good now
stickies only two wet wipes I'm not too
bad
sure do
big old washing machines out so we're
gonna put these things in okay three
I got one quarter left you put it in
there's only two things you can get that
are 25 cents the airhead so you guys are
gonna split our airhead I think you
should go for the mystery one you get a
treat can't come split it
oh good job okay I'm ready for you can
you see your flowers you got for Mom bud
look at those let's go c'mere Tito I'll
get the door for you thinking what is it
the present it is present okay well that
was scary oh no do not know no kisses
yes okay
what say we found one but I think meets
the requirements that's right I forgot
good
did you like Dan yes you know that I
love flowers oh and it was on the list
sores the other thing on the list
oh no we crossed a few things off you
should put him in the white bass that
figured other ones just came in don't
you hate Lee Joon would you paid for her
stupid bass you threw that mate I
literally picked out that vase cuz I was
like she will love this base this is
incredible looks like everything in our
house I'm like I'm I better put the
camera off me
ginger got me yeah okay we'll find it
husband of the year I think so okay you
got your Zen Cody's gloves awesome day
he's got his work gloves these things
have seen better days there that's still
good though I mean the pond
palms good it's not pinecone J what is
it stick day it is stick take it is twig
day and we are gonna clean up all the
twigs my train there already me you did
man that makes me happy that's let's see
that tooth come see good yeah things
gross I'm gonna rip that thing out
tonight let's start picking up all these
branches okay
stuck behind
we'll be the last call winning - you're
done
well most of the list has been
accomplished final thing that is not on
the list is to feed the kids bunny did
not say what she wanted them to be fed
with at all either so pizza and
breadsticks it is pizza Olivia
you start helping hand out the pieces
give everybody one piece for right now
find a small one for Lincoln if you can
well the Libya is doing that I'm gonna
go ahead and close the vlog here if you
liked the video give it a thumbs up if
you're new to the channel hit the
subscribe button if you are not
receiving notifications hit the
notification button the Bell and make
sure there's parenthesis calm the Bell
so you don't miss out on any of our
notifications see you guys
