yes no Oh me and Dad we're gonna share
that snowball yeah okay cool things like
that's 101 I'll make it 100 anyone oh my
gosh Cody you have an arm on you he said
look at the fence those are a hundred
and one snowballs that Cody is awesome
Wow five snowballs Olivia would like to
show a cartwheel and as she does it I'm
gonna tell you olivia has been posing a
very serious question to me good girl
what's your serious question because all
my friends have won all of her friends
have a cellphone and she's been asking
me when and how can I get a cellphone so
she asked me how much money cell phones
cost how much did you think that they
cost about did you think I was thinking
at least a hundred but it's actually 900
yeah I told her because she wants a
phone like mine and ice told her I said
like you're looking more like $900 I
think it's even more than that literally
but I was like more like $900 and that
really made her feel sad last night so
what was your solution I wanted to start
babysitting so I thought maybe if I ever
get a phone then I can have babysit just
like regular babysit yeah and then
whenever it's time for my kid to go to
bed then she'd call me and I thought
maybe that might work she wants a phone
so that when she's babysitting she can
get ahold of me and if she was
babysitting for me she could be making
money what other ways did you tell me
last night that you wanted to make money
by selling some toys that I did play
with and I sell a little doll you
already sold one Holly I thought maybe
Holly might like one what dog did you
sell her one with the potty
you know
the plastic doll with the blonde Olivia
why who did you sell that to Holly over
here yeah okay we're going to need to
get that doll back that's like that's
like one of the first dolls you ever got
you can't sell that to Holly did you
sell how much did you sell it to her for
25 okay I'll pay you $5.00 for that doll
how about we count your money and see
how much money you've got in here and if
you don't have enough money what do you
think olivia is very serious about this
inquiry and I feel bad because I think
you're too young for a cellphone but
Olivia does not think that you're too
young right because your friends have
cell phones
oh okay so what do they use their cell
phones for like usually like to text
their mom but they never like to use it
like to like say like can I go out with
somebody or something like that so what
are they texting their moms about them
I'm like can I go over to her house like
they don't mean that they don't like
like say like you know what I mean and
kind of if they're texting their moms
the only time you're not with me is when
you're at school
no like after school that's what I was
thinking I'm gonna go home if you're
gone then I can text you cuz then you
know it's okay if I don't get one I just
don't know if I see a huge need for you
to have a cell phone this is what I
think I think that when I see a need for
you to have a cell phone that's when
you'll get a cell phone when it's time
for you to get a cell phone
I'll get us a family one so that
whatever kid needs it or if a babysitter
doesn't have a cell phone because you
know we have babysitter's that come and
they don't have cell phone so we have to
leave a cell phone for them they use
daddies when they're here at the house
babysitting because even girls that are
older than you
like 12 they don't have a cellphone I
want to get you one when mama feels like
you need one so it's not that I don't
want you to have one but once you buy to
someone then you have two months you
have to pay for so I will just look and
see how much many patches just to see
okay think could you take Disneyland's
advice if you can dream it you can
achieve it keep that in mind okay you so
much money you were so sweet
yesterday just how innocent and perfect
and sweet you still are even though
you're growing up and being such a big
girl
I just I think you are so sweet and so
perfect and I do not want you to feel
sad if we don't end up getting his phone
I don't want you to be sad about it I
know when you left for school this
morning you were so excited to come home
and count your money right she went to
bed thinking about it she woke up
thinking about it and you know that I
get the same way sometimes I get
something in my head and I just oh my
gosh I want it doesn't turn out oh my
god Halloween
I remember please is the second you Mia
Oh where's our second joey queen this is
an Australian and coined this something
from Australia oh yeah so here's our
Australian money okay guys this is from
Hawaii Bell made a lei necklace for
Grandma and Grandpa that grandma let me
have one of hers you are literally
so as we're counting this Olivia I do
want to know are you gonna be like
honestly okay yeah you don't have a
cellphone yeah because you understand
that having a tough one isn't something
just taken lightly like it your friends
that have cell phones they probably have
older siblings and they share it with
their older sibling what on earth isn't
this says love Ellie and this one is the
ripped one so I think we found the other
half to the rib dollar so maybe they can
take that one so if you have more than
$900 I will let you buy a phone cuz I
will have all had responsibility I will
not like spin oh yeah 24/7 like I will
not like stare at it like I will not do
that like if I need to cause the narrow
but like I will not like you know if you
don't have $900 in your piggy bank you
sure I do
oh sure but if I don't think that's okay
cuz I'm still earning money okay so
that's what I'm saying if you do not
have $900 you will be okay with me not
buying a cell phone or $100 because some
phones are honey dollars no funds are
$100 one last time make sure if you do
not have enough money in your piggy bank
to buy a phone you will be okay yes okay
it's not like the end of the world I
agree these are all my goals for one two
three two four five six seven
eight-nine hey another I'm left le ten
eleven twelve three twenty four twenty
five so write down twenty five because
that's how many ones you have 5 10 15 20
25 30 10 20 30 40 50 60
oh my gosh I'm sure I'm gonna get $900
if you think that I'm gonna get ahead in
dollars give this one a thumbs up so
this is 10 Hong Kong dollars which does
not equal a lot here so we'll just put
this back in your piggy bank well it is
the second Julie yes that's a dollar so
let's count your Sacagawea coins 1 2 3 4
5 6 so holy cow oh my gosh so let's put
all the quarters in piles but with 4 and
we'll count those dollars so there's one
dog 19 20 21 dollars in quarters is how
much we're gonna count once we're done
we're gonna like add up Idaho since we
have a quarter you start on what okay so
25 which makes
Oh how much is that not a we're getting
down to the wire girl let's add this up
you had $20 in change okay so we'll go
down and add the ones column which is
five six so six six nine ten eleven
twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen so if
you had 15 you have a hundred and fifty
six dollars and six cents so that's
almost two hundred dollars
so here's nine you have two hundred but
look how many more it was still need
seven hundred dollars which is way off
right your friends
shouldn't even thought of it okay to
want it really yes of course it's okay
to want a cellphone you know I think I
think you should keep saving your
dollars I feel like my heart is
absolutely broken
Olivia sat on my lap I turned the camera
off because I didn't want her to feel
like she couldn't show her real emotions
so she sat on my lap and she bawled her
eyes out and I cried like I cried
because I can't let my eight-year-old
have a cell phone and anyway
and I and I'm only laughing because I'm
just like weird I don't know but I
looked behind me and on Olivia's
chalkboard she has a B so number of step
number one get my friend's phone numbers
step two come home and count my money
next day go to a store and buy a phone
but when I explained to Olivia yeah talk
about your heart breaking when I talked
to Olivia I told her that a certain 16
year old doesn't have a phone yet and
she was like what and I told her that I
was 21 when I got my first cell phone
she was like what and he said how about
let's wait a couple of years let's talk
about it when you're 10 and that and
that's only two years away she felt a
lot better about only having to wait two
years so it's been a big day I'm gonna
close the vlog here thank you guys so
much for watching if you have not
checked out our clothing line Bolly I
will leave the link in the description
go to Bali brand comm you can check out
mine and Elly's new clothing line thank
you guys again so much for your orders
for watching this video like Olivia said
give her a big thumbs up to help her
feel better and we'll see you guys
tomorrow bye
