Oh guys we have a big problem not
because he has a big old stinky diaper I
need to change not because his room is a
mess and I need to clean it not because
he's still wearing Christmas jammies
it has bruises all over his forehead
cheetah's doggy yes he's not as fluffy
as he used to be are you going out of it
see all that yeah every morning
I haven't located the hole there must be
a secret hole maybe a hole that only be
there to put their fingers in I think I
just died but we need to fix your doggy
yeah me and Jesse bought that for you
when you're in my tummy and you're
ruining it
are you going to throw a fit because you
want to cook you for breakfast
oh well first you gotta do some tricks
for us can you say Olivia Olivia can you
say cloudy
what about Boston can you say Boston oh
good job
you left it louder than that say Boston
hey Olivia
hey Cody where's Cody see right there
there's Cody thank you where's ah okay
okay
happy face it's a big mistake
right you know why they made that day
too mad face do mad face what could be a
messy
okay okay you want some okay I'll show
sad face so sadly to assess me thank you
you guys are so cute we left our cookies
out last night
and we made when we make cookies essent
we left them all out so the first thing
he saw is cookies so we all get you all
get a cookie and then we're gonna put
them away and any more of your friends
absolutely one moms run fit we're going
to get our water mount cut up today at
me good morning you guys it has been
such a relaxing morning the two older
kids Olivia and Cody went to bother they
went over to a friend's house this
morning and they're playing Boston and
Lincoln side of my fee watched Goldie
and bear while I kind of got ready which
is difficult my eyebrows at the moment
are slowing me down because I have to be
like really careful with them and you
have to go around them slowly and they
will twist they will make the INA
they're going to make it faster in the
long run anyway it's starting to rain I
came out to say hi but I don't want to
get wet lady production on the pergola
doesn't know anything
it's looking good does it but it beats
working in the heat you're flushed you
had to think about it okay I've been
trying to debate what I want to do today
I wanted to make like a big lunch spread
and have a lean Jared come over maybe
see under our pergola once it's done but
I don't think we're going to do that if
restraining what's the clear offer a
little bit and then we'll think about it
well think about it we'll see I am not
complaining about the rain though it
feels wonderful can you share your
umbrella with us or with Lincoln
he only has one you two in your cowboy
boots he's like I got to sit down first
I don't fall over I love the heat notes
just like an old man and he really does
resemble an old man you can get those on
pretty good huh
let's put him on a right seat how were
they on the wrong feet you're going need
ethics my dad would be so disappointed
he loves to make fun of the kids with
his shoes on the wrong feet
Nicole she had to have you yeah he did
Cody had um Cisco yep his feet were
Boden yeah like my tan line and they
would go in like that so we'd put his
shoes on the opposite feet to pull his
feet out and it works I could charm six
months or something like that yeah he's
awesome person a while the test would
seem to run down the hallway and back it
up yeah and all the nurses just died
yeah the doctor would say okay they'd
take them out to the end of the hall and
they'd say run and all the nurses
thought it was pretty funny
yeah I really think you you want me to
get an umbrella and come out there
you're too cute he's like what does that
have to do with anything get an umbrella
get out there he'll feel really sick you
got your shoes on yet oh good job and
again cuz I got in cut boots and a gun
can't go what go under with Boston gonna
be really here we go that's all thank
you someone was like who would've
thought a little kid in cowboy boots
could make my morning so good I totally
agree that's part of waking up is the
cowboy suit and that that hey have fun
bye boys what are you doing up here
mister what are you two doing huh I like
you want to come upstairs now and cut
the watermelon I have enough fruit in
the kitchen and Joe has been holding you
hostage
stairs for me he's been reading books to
women playing with them and picking out
the basement and doing whatever it's
been raining too much outside for him to
put the rest of the slats up I mean I
get because what we actually want to
record it with the drone and it's been
raining too hard to have the drone up so
anyway he came in I got the worst
headache so I'm like trying to keep my
eyes not squinting and I made a really
awesome lunch I made pork chop for Joel
and I joking pork chops but Joel really
enjoyed it we had really enjoyed the
lunch we didn't bring the camera out and
I was like you take the kids I'm going
to clean the kitchen and we dripped a
pork chop blood juice all over the floor
and so I moved everything in here I move
the table out I've moved that bench I
wiped the floor bore and I cleaned that
wall so I'm still like Park myself right
here
holy you on my knife playing floor
slow and not hit my head on the summer
um because I just feel told her to sit
on my couch I worked so hard I was like
sweating as I was like hand mopping and
using the tall mop anyway it just feels
so good to get that clean it's like if
your floors are clean it doesn't matter
what the rest of your place looks like
and that's not really good because I was
able to just not think you have when you
turn your phone's off because I know my
phone is been going pain doesn't even go
and um well that's typical mom like I
was looked over in Boston he's like
sighing on my barstool Mike um what do
you think you're doing absolutely not
please go back downstairs finish
cleaning what I think what I was saying
was you know how when you turn your
phone's off and everything off you just
kind of feel like your mind can clear
out that felt really good
that's a really really really good are
you coming are you coming
come here look what I have for you look
what I have for you whoa whoa whoa
please don't fall down the stairs look
what I have here
guess what it's time to take a nap oh we
put these up here oh it's really hard
isn't it take your glasses off hand into
mom thank you
are you ready to take a nap okay put in
your mouth
let me see oh nothing we see open your
mouth come here come here let me see
open - oh oh it's some food in there got
a booger in your nose - well now I don't
have to head can you grab your bottle
can you grab your binky oh there you go
get it there we go okay anyway I don't
really know the whole point to anything
I was just saying I guess there isn't
really a whole huge point to anything
that I do or say I was just babbling oh
we have to pull your window because we
were airing it out because it was the
thingy do you know why I like overcast
days cuz you usually nap really good
usually not really good anyway what can
you say good night everybody
good night have you seriously seen
Lincoln well yeah I took all the things
away from him when he took a nap and he
woke up and that's the first thing he
went to he took a good two and a half
hour nap
it was so nice and quiet y'all was gone
it was mean you yes you didn't as many
strawberries as you want and we had such
a nice quiet rainy afternoon I did I was
like I am NOT falling out the camera no
matter what happens it was so nice and
you miss me you've been gone playing all
day and I'm noticing you've got a little
dirt on your eyes what have you been
doing what okay what have you guys been
doing at her house you and Isis be
ironing are you guys doing dress-up or
just make up make up 10 million a whole
time by disguise and lying on my I'm
going to lay that out for tonight you
are cute you guys are fun and boss sense
all day has been asking can we please
cut up a watermelon what for a week now
yeah I know and I'm like um daddy's
really good at cutting a watermelon so
we're gonna wait till you get there I
can cut a watermelon I just don't like
you it's just so big and I can do that I
can do that all right there
Lincoln Lincoln no look okay my
signature cute he needs more watermelon
Gingka you guys are the cutest we've got
the patients and the medical tools to
fix him I have located the hole finally
in doggy and we are going to fix him up
I'm just finishing up hanging Olivia's
princess pictures bonnie is out here
cleaning up and organizing all of the
kids toys the boys are busy destroying a
box we are going to end the vlog here
and say thumbs up if you liked the video
can you see my thumb
thumbs up if you liked the video
subscribe if you're not almost you guys
it's in the next video
