it's Friday night and Joe and I are
driving and you can see the silhouette
of the mountain and whoa you can see
that glow as we come around that's a
fire the forest fires
- I am nothing
oh my gosh it was just a glow but now
that we're wrapping around you can see
what is the plane that they're all up
there earlier today I can see they were
jeopardy yeah
nobody was outside with a hose trying to
like not that long maybe anything if the
fires come and is coming don't you think
you're like that just like shows you
guild personality and mine I'm like okay
I'm just going to roll over and die now
Pacific and Joel will like survive
anything specific do you think it looks
like it's been contained no off the
south end it is put on the north and
north south end it's not in the north
that you can see
to die down and that's what a house
so to add a scary I'll think about
coming out that's when loft-like calif
we actually get a lot of fires
it is Saturday morning and today is such
a big day was today is what let me go
home yay piano recital Livy's in
purchase a month and the most important
thing is that we get your nails looking
just right right
so before we get her hair dried and
ready to curl we'll put a quick coat of
nail polish on your nails and so it can
be drying a little bit ago I put on
Instagram where I got all my necklaces
from and these bracelets came from the
same place and mine froze Olivia and
Olivia said Olivia because I wanted
Olivia to know so I think about her all
the time
and I want Olivia to have one that has a
little name on it anyway so I will put a
link for all my necklaces and these
bracelets in the description below if
you guys want to check them out
we've been nice not pretty take away
English kph that was nice that I will
don't mind a little bit different than
this one this is kinda like a why is
Hillywood like a snowy pink I only got
me hooked on these yeah good tell if
she's just too stretchy oh and you look
like makeup and nail polish so you
always share stuff right like hey gosh
you sure everything with your sister I
just said then give her half of this do
you share everything everything
everything well you give your sister her
half of it
Liza Fletcher yes at the spring does not
bring back so many memories I know
Olivia may or may not have had to run
back into the house to get some under
clothing no protection on forever this
is kind of here good panels matter to me
I don't want the kids that crap is
really hard and have to play on
something that's not going to be what
they're used to or what makes me a bit
nervous it's totally useless here so I
think we're going to get started we have
got a new little student interesting
though I'm going to introduce her as my
grand student Pisa I taught her mom when
she was little so now I'm teaching her
and tell her hello
look at her grandma that's true my
father's best health regen real super
humid opossum to love pajamas okay we're
going to get started with Olivia okay so
everybody let's keep your hands up
Oh
now
thank you I'll go get a drink
right now go get a drink cool get a
drink no it's clean water clean water
he's my only baby that's not scared of
the water it's hot
ha ha ha you're cute he is soaking wet
Lincoln I just changed your diaper it's
nap time should we go take a nap
Lincoln should we go take a nap that
time hmm you drink hey I got and that's
me you climbed that tree over there yeah
good watch loose I'm gonna watch you oh
oh oh that was Oh nope nope that's
probably not what you meant to do is it
exactly no you do not know hi
maybe a little smoother on the other one
hold on tight so if your bike goes out
from under yet you're holding on to the
tree
you're starting to figure that out our
Jeff lost and looking you up in the tree
camera yeah camera got it got it thank
you
Joey is in the process of getting the
pergola as some of you want me to
pronounce it Hartman pergolas
how they Pernilla depends on what
country you live in
it's nice and forecast up there I was
looking through the trees right here and
it's funny you can see all the gray
clouds and then it's blue sky and white
clouds right down here it kind of looks
pretty it's hard being out here because
I'm trying not to squint because of my
eyebrows I actually have a video that I
posted yesterday for you guys all about
the micro bleeding process it was
actually really fun to do that but I
came out here because I wanted to record
Cody he's been playing with the hose he
just he's just being a cute little boy
over there this tank top squirt in the
water
Joel hating it the yard looks pretty
green Joel yeah feels so nice out here
it's not hot please I know you're so
good while Joel was doing this I was
inside recording my video that I posted
for you guys yesterday so anyway old
news lady that was like two minutes ago
I know they're like we don't care we
didn't get anything I like you so much
do you know how much I like you so much
mm-hmm quick what 187 - 16/7 hmm I don't
know here you see that tear in his eye I
came down here to check on my little
Boston Wade oh he's been having a little
bit of a rough
time it just seems that he just whines
and cries no matter what we're doing
he's complaining and as on the phone
with my sister Julie and she said that
her kids definitely go through that and
I remember it with Kody and I remember
it was Olivia and it's just it's a
process yes it's a phase doesn't mean
you allow them to get away with it all
the time but anyway he is he is just my
little cutie and I was thinking I
thought okay we got Olivia in the vlog
earlier we got Lincoln talked to Cody a
little bit I thought you know I got to
come down and close the vlog with my
little buck and use the sleep Boston I'm
going to wake up penny gotta wake up so
you'll sleep tonight
last in all the wake up by me so you'll
go to sleep tonight can you wake up so
you'll go to sleep later
oh and sweetie my sister and I also
talked on the phone about how some
things never change no matter no matter
what I am mess up at recital and Olivia
didn't mess up I messed up at the
retitle today oh can you guys you want
to give Olivia a great big thumbs up for
the awesome job she did at her recital
go ahead and click it we're having a
beautiful Sunday morning everybody's
taking a nap or waking up now from their
Sunday naps and we are just going to say
goodbye to you guys here if you liked
the video give it a thumbs up thumbs up
for Olivia and if you're new to the
channel subscribe and we'll see you guys
tomorrow okay
Oh
