I wanted to make this video for you guys
all about my experience getting my
eyebrows micro bladed if you don't know
what micro bleeding is it is very
similar to getting your eyebrows
tattooed on is to say different
techniques that they use and they use a
very tiny blade and they slice hair
strokes into your eyebrow or where your
eyebrow should be and then they pigment
in there and it is a semi-permanent
procedure so it should last a year and a
half to two years if you have it just
all depends on your skin type if you
have oily resistant skin sometimes it
doesn't even last a year if you have dry
recessive skin then it can last up to
eight years you know ten years who know
type just really depends on your
personal skin type now when I went in to
get this procedure done I brought the
camera with full intentions of vlogging
and it was too much for me I was very
nervous and when the procedure started
it was it was hard for me to keep myself
relaxed because I don't know some people
that do well with pain I don't I don't
know things dealing with my body it was
a very mental thing for me I don't do
well at the dentist and mcmalley been
fiscals I was worried that you were
going to cry and I said yeah I kind of
almost did I tried not to so understand
start at the beginning I did take a few
pictures along the way that I will share
with you guys so the very first thing
that she did was numb my eyebrows and
while they were being them you know we
chatted I told her a lot of things that
I did like a lot of things that I didn't
like and then one-play eyebrows were
really none we went in and she drew on
the shape and I didn't tell her anything
that would sway her on the shape that I
like I just wanted to see what she drew
and now when I first went in we took a
picture of my eyebrows with the white I
put my
a coupon and so she did have an idea of
what I liked so a picture with my
eyebrow makeup on and then we took a
picture of my eyebrows bear and then she
drew the eyebrows on for me and once she
had it drawn on I was terrified of it
being too thick and so I was like let's
just bring the line up a little let's
just bring this one down a little the
arches are a little too high let's bring
that down a little and so we really
tailored it to my liking and I did like
the way she drew them she did draw them
longer down to the corner of my eyes
then I usually do and she was worried
that they were going to be a little too
thin and I agree so I'm going to scoot
the camera forward a little I was just a
little worried that once we got them
done I feel like they are a little too
skinny and she did warn me of that she's
like I would doing a little thicker I
just didn't want to come out with big
brows because a lot of times I don't
wear makeup I like bigger brows when I
have makeup on but every time I do my
brows bigger and I see pictures of
myself I watch myself in a vlog I don't
like the way it looks and so we did go a
little thinner
and I'm happy with them it has been I
got these done on Thursday
I did not vlog on Friday and then today
is Saturday you'll be seeing this on
Sunday so these are only three days old
and they are hard to get used to so she
nuns me she got the shape drawn on we
had it perfected to the way I liked it
and then she did the first round so she
kind of did the outline of the brow and
then um rubbed the pigment in and then
wiped it all off and put another layer
of numbing on so that was the first
round and after the first round I said
oh let me and let me look in the mirror
and I looked in the mirror and my entire
eyebrow was just blood and I was just
like oh okay we're not going to do that
again do not show me what if you look
like again it's the process
and Elly's got her eyebrows micro bladed
last week last week or two weeks ago and
we've been going back and forth for a
year I'll text mom's like I need my
eyebrows done and she texts me all I
really want my I see all I just went to
to furrow my brow and I couldn't not
hurt you don't realize how much you talk
with your eyebrows until you get them
done they're very sort these are all
scabbed they're they're dark because the
pigment has not all worn off and so
these will lie in like 30% 40% so they
are kind of dark women like them I like
them anyway I wanted to go light the
first round to make sure that I liked
them the shape and then if I want to do
touch up darker I can always go back in
and do that anyway Oh see you oh my gosh
ah anyway
Ellie got hers done last week and once
Billy made her oh gosh I keep wanting to
talk to my eyebrows calm down bunny
Ellie made her appointment and I made my
appointment like if you're doing it I'm
doing it so anyway so once the second
layer of numbing was done she went
through did another full session wipe
that all the way off and then she gave
me the option of shading and so I told
her I liked him let me zoom this in
again I wanted the inside corners to be
a little lighter and so she only from
about halfway into my brow shaded the
outer edge of my brow which when I do my
makeup that's how I do it the outer edge
is always the tail is darker and the
inner corner is a little lighter so
that's what I had her do she did tell me
I was by far one of her pickiest clients
and that to me is not a bad thing I just
thought you know I am I'm very picky
with how I apply my makeup what I do I
was terrified
ie I looked down about halfway through I
could just feel my hand shaking oh it
was so bad I was shaking I had
butterflies I felt physically sick like
I thought to myself okay
don't let yourself go into shock here
because you can hear like I said you can
hear and when Ellie way she told me you
need to bring head
and listen to a book on tape so I was
totally listening to like the bachelor
and bachelorette books of the
contestants that went on for a nose kind
of fun anyway I enjoyed that and then
here is a picture of the final eyebrow
and then here's a picture of all three
the makeup no makeup and when she was
done with the micro bleeding I feel very
very happy with my eyebrows when I go in
for the touch-up I probably will have
her go a little taller with them and
just like a hair not much at all just at
some elegance
where are my brows just a smidgen no she
told me that the aftercare is very
important and will really determine how
um how dark they will stay or not how
dark but just the color retention and
now it's crazy when Ellie went got her
eyebrows then they told her don't touch
them don't get them wet
just leave them they're going to scab
don't pick the scab don't it runs just
leave them until they're all the way
healed and my lady told me you need to
go home wash them with baby soap I was
like I'm not doing that and feels like
I'm not doing it she's like okay use
your finger and wipe them with water
keep the you know the whatever juices
your skin is providing wipe those away
she gave me cream and told me to keep
them moist and an aquifer or aquaphor
off of for aquifer I don't really know
and she's said to keep that on it and
when I go to sleep at night to put saran
wrap over them so that I don't smudge
them on my pillow she said people will
really mess up there you know if there's
a scab and you pull the scab off or
accidentally get it off it takes some of
that pigment with it I'm terrified that
I've already done that because the
I've been trying really really hard not
to touch them or anything but I've been
keeping them moist they have
it's a thin film of cream on them right
now
I'm happy with my decision and I am
grateful for you guys that follow along
and if you're not following my channel
go ahead and subscribe i do family
vlogging and we have a lot of fun so
thank you guys so much for watching this
video I hope that I answered some
questions I'm going to stop now though
because I keep furrowing my brows and
they really hurt it's gonna take them I
don't know a couple weeks to heal I
guess I really don't even know how long
it takes to heal I'll see you guys
tomorrow in our next vlog
Oh
