thank with you you were the last one to
go to sleep and the first one to wake up
the plane
did you enjoy for God and I bet you're
trying to be quiet for you still asleep
he's like yeah that's it greenies she
couldn't such a pretty dress but you can
look like me on Twitter oh well little
say it for you that's the same dress
that her and Olivia have or I mean Emma
her cousin had last night when Austin
went to bed I made this I keep my
pull-up dry and it has 10 more days left
Boston Wade so he's been doing this for
about 14 days now and I have done this
technique with all of my children and it
has worked so good and it might not work
for everybody but this is what I do
Boston has been potty trained through
the day
since he was about 4 no she just turned
4 since he was about 3 and I don't push
my kids to potty train quickly because I
don't know it's going to happen and I
just don't like to stress the kids dress
myself I was really like come on Olivia
you're in a potty train year it is so
good when you were little and then with
Cody I just thought who cares who cares
if they aren't potty trained yet I just
didn't care
and staying with at nighttime heep-ha
changed so well during the day and then
at night I just so I put pull up on him
and he would pee in it like every night
anyway and finally when you get to the
point where it's like okay I'm really
sick of my pull-ups and I just said
Boston you can in this reg with all of
them I say if you can wake up with a dry
pull up in 14 days and that's what I do
for everything that's about how long it
takes to break to have it
thank you 242 Munoz young if you can do
this for 14 days you can pick out your
on toy what did you pick when you
potty-trained at night when I said if
you wake up dry I loved that one I
thought it she said it was so cute but
it broke and we headed throw it away I
said she wanted this dorm like I'm gonna
find it I only have like a couple dogs
and I'm like $15 now mmm
we gotta get that in your piggy bank
Missy um yes all of you love that piggy
bank and what did you get oh she said
sorry what did you guys daddy he
faithfulness number one he really did
and that was like one of our very first
video and you can see so much how far we
have come with editing I will leave the
video my card up here for you to see
Martin is you pull up dry come here and
I'll check for you sometimes it's hard
for him to know if it's dry or not even
hot listen to your pores
Oh what happened oh boy I'm so sorry you
keep it in your pull-up but look I need
to swing for you let me just have small
but just like we always say you gotta
start over I got to add four boxes look
I made this for you do you know what
that says what does that say and over
it says Boston Wade who's that that's
you okay
and it says up here it says I kept my
pull-up dry and when you keep it dry
you're going to put a sticker in the box
so we'll add four more and we'll try
again in the morning okay
yeah it's okay so focus back on a poor
guy he's done so good and the day I say
it was all limits right they just
stopped they just stopped seeing at
night because they want that toy and
what toys you want to get Boston what
kind of a remote controller thing okay
is it a whole I think my all-time
favorite comment ever is Boston has a
different last thing than everybody
that's his middle name
you helped me put my jewelry on lucky
I'm not a Thursday I didn't wake up
parched
I know it's a shocker that I am awake
and of this earlier and all I ready but
today I'm giving my eyebrows microwave
at work so I tried doing in the best I
could and I don't know I'm really
nervous I'm flippin nervous I don't know
how much I'll record I'll take the
camera with me but you know we'll see
it's almost time for Joe and I to go our
own ways I'm going to go get my eyebrows
tattooed on basically and Joel is going
to do long day one day are you ready for
London maybe grandma's can watch you
while Oh daddy dress the lawn oh well
that was oh you want your train which
airplane it's a really cute little
airplane Santa Claus brought that to you
with Rafa Santa Claus yep it's sitting
right on top of his little piano can you
say airplane airplane
he points to when they go by
we'll try it again tonight okay welcome
you the potty right before we go to bed
and you just beam to yourself I am NOT
going to pee in my bed okay you can't
just sit on your weaker yet
you got me keep your underwear tight you
got your boots on walk around say thank
you sissy he's gonna with his eyes oh
yeah look at all the dirt things on the
bottom of the suit all right let's go it
is long day and we are here at Grandma's
Griffis
start and get some work done on the kid
discerned by picking up all these
branches grandpa's crimson through these
trees back a little bit so now the kids
are picking up the branches he's walking
around in his booth being cute that's
his job and that's we're doing today
long day
well we've got one lawn down one to go
and then we're good to play for the
weekend pretty much I kind of like that
we do this on Thursdays because then
Friday becomes like an extra day of the
weekend
this is Friday II the best day of week
I'm out running some errands right now I
left the kids at my parents because
Lincoln was dying to go to sleep and the
kids wanted to sit and watch a movie and
get out of the Sun because it is it's
hot the hottest day of the year I think
we've had so far it's up but I am on a
mission
I made a bet or wager I guess with a
friend over a year ago and he won guys I
got to tell you I am I am at Sam's Club
which I have logged hours of Sam's Club
before but I'm in the Riverdale Sam's
Club not Logan Sam's Club it's like I
don't know why but I feel very anxious
right now because I'm here and not at my
sans Club blogging I feel like these
people don't know me they don't know you
guys and I feel I feel a little nervous
do you feel it you should feel nervous
we're in the Riverdale one anyway I am
down here to settle a score I wagered a
friend a year ago that he would not keep
his truck he had this truck and he's
gotten a new truck every single year if
the truck was not the same year he was
living in he would sell it he would get
rid of it very quickly and I told him if
you can't keep that truck for more than
a year you owe me a case of soda whole
case he wanted a pallet that was a
little outrageous
and I told him I said if you keep that
truck for a year I'll give you a case so
I have to give him a case of soda and he
lived in Roy kind of by my parents so
I'm going to take care of that bet now
and settle the score with him so get off
my back and leave me alone about it I'm
a man of my word
Olivia what does that book say Ted
ventures I swear swinger the Ventures of
Tom Sawyer this is a book that I read
when I was a little kid and I did a book
report on it and Olivia is going to read
it as the first book this summer take a
look inside
do you like how big the writing is think
of the pictures they kind of tell the
story a little bit kind of fun is this
okay if this is your first book to read
this summer okay what do you tell
grandma for letting you take it thanks
grandma what a mom she's like Joel do
you have the reading program set up for
them I think so we're going to get to it
eventually but so grandma wants us to
get reading okay okay you getting your
workout in bud I don't know if that's
what that's for entirely keep going I
think that's just exactly where you're
supposed to sit not there right there on
the humble sit on the humph
pedal pedal faster settle faster faster
but you took the best nap in the world
what did you see oh you see Oh your
truck fell okay there you go
where's your binky where's Phoebe's you
got to be be where you go you took a
good nap should we go get some dinner
now we go get some dinner
Bonnie said she can't give us an update
on her eyebrows right now because it is
just too intense didn't end up vlogging
it so we'll have to show you the product
on another day I think but on the way
home we have to pass Matt off every time
coming from work so we're stopping with
my parents for dinner and even Grandma
and Grandpa Griffiths are going to come
up to I I needed a car jack and Gronk I
was going to bring it up and put it in
the background spoken I was like I'm
dinner so all of us are having dinner
without Bonnie
sorry bond have fun with your eyebrows
this is what you do when you want to
hold everybody's hands but you still got
to carry your frisbee huh yes she do is
that a yummy dinner thanks for going to
Maddox with me long you tell one person
you're going to Maddock for some reason
you build a whole table well I'm so
happy we had everybody come for dinner
it was kind of a nice little parents
dinner and it's always good food at
Maddox the rolls were out of this world
as usual but I kind of like this bit I
like seeing Grandma and Grandpa's with
the kids huh you bet
if he just loosen the cab of the vehicle
oh my we were all right in there that's
it you're done babysitting grandpa good
thing we're going to parking lot
oh so cute little kid you bet show me
you're mad today yes I really feel bad
that we record him so much but he's that
stage right now with everything is so
thank you
grandpa tries doing the same thing and
it's just not as funny at all no not a
miracle I just tell you that you're
spending the night at ground level
that's why hey thank you you bet well I
think you I think you miss you'll miss
that stage you could have 10 kids one
kid or whatever you miss that stage and
he's pretty special
he's pretty sweet well the best part of
this kid is watching him walk away hit
him no good we get your car in there
okay okay you got the best part right
back hey chill grandma your business
let's chill grandma your boots yeah
Lincoln is asleep the big kids are
already and going to sleep together they
want to have a little sleepover tonight
and I am dying to go in and see Bonnie's
eyebrows so I believe you guys here and
let you
thumbs up the video if you liked it
subscribe if you're not and we will see
you guys in the next vlog bye guys
