good morning you guys we are here at
Walmart this morning the whole lemonade
stand has been blown a little out of
proportion but I'm okay with that
because every time I walk by these jugs
I want to buy them not these ones these
are plastic but we've had friends that
have had glass ones and I'm shattered
are their cups okay so now we just need
to decide do we want me for a flag one
I'm their only form all right well hey
how many kids we have four kids
remember we'll use plastic cups for
customers not those so we can either do
the star one how'd I get to you or the
flag one on your star one oh we got a
blog one okay you know start a color
like the flag one again the set I kind
of like the flag one to this because
it's not sideways reference I think that
since Olivia and Cody are going to be
doing most of the work they want the
star one we'll do the star one okay so
put it in the cart you're welcome put it
in the cart and I'm going to let you
pick something else
so now we need a sign cool all right
this morning I have a big project ahead
of me all of this that you see right
here all that the light touches is not a
fence it looks like a defense but it's
not this is actually a pergola that is
going to cover this patio because see
this time of day it is the leis and hot
Sun and we are going to cover it with a
very nice pergola this pergola is really
cool because it's not just vinyl like
this it's actually like aluminum
reinforced if you can even see value
minim reinforced so it's really really
strong it can actually hold a lot of
weight and it's going to cover a lot of
shade but I have a ton a ton of work
ahead of me it's a project that I'm
excited to do a project I'm going to
have fun doing and we're going to record
all of it do you see these papers
that one's glittery that would be kind
of fun you like the glitter one Boston
yeah and we could say lemonade that's a
really cute one I can make a big old
lemonade on it yeah that is super cute
isn't it
okay I saw specific suppose poster I
kind of disclose I see that is so nice
ha um you can hold it in the storage I
am so amazed no when we go we'll leave
it here okay what time do you think of
it he what time did you call it saving
he's having post-traumatic syndrome from
Hawaii he thought this was strawberry
Kiwi no strawberry seaweed see we said
sorry seaweed okay we're getting
strawberry Kiwi that's all obvious
choice we did rock under Sun and I need
a and we got country time lemonade
before we came to the store I was like
do not ask for things like yes we're
getting stuff for Lemonade Stand please
don't ask for everything that you see
are you going to feed your doggy does
your dog you want a drink yeah we got
all the stuff for a lemonade stand and
by the time we got home from running our
errands we go into the grocery store I
and and the kids were way too hot it's
over 90 degrees outside so I just
figured they could do whatever they
wanted inside I think their coloring
downstairs but I am going to make what
only made the other day and it's some
sort of zucchini baked Oh I'm not
exactly sure what it is but thought that
would be kind of yummy and I'm going to
use my trusty lodge pan Ellie has this
had the same one and wore through it all
of us kids got the same one for like
Christmas or something yes you can't get
in here this close to joy Oh move at it
away say bye-bye
there we go come on come on
want to help me oh come here trying to
help me make some dinner trying to help
me make some dinner okay
daddy's still outside working uh-huh so
hot I seriously can't believe it and I
so he has one pole up right here and you
got one pull-up ring here I don't oh you
know what I think he went to the store
to get a new drill because I think when
kicks the bucket or the camera it died
yes I don't want you to go out there
with all the tools look we got closer to
our chariot race move your feet move
your feet
there we go yep I can't have you outside
of all the tools so I'm going to sit
inside and get some dinner going today
while working on this project I think
I've had the most it's saddest day
possible I've been getting the work done
pretty well it's coming along it looks
good so far but one of my best friends
in my whole world has left me my Dewalt
drill I got this years and years ago
this thing had been through almost
every remodel in my entire house and it
gave up the ghost I was drilling with it
and all of a sudden the motor was just
on fire my hand couldn't even hold it
anymore it's so hot it just burned up
this little motor and I really am kind
of devastated I'm not exactly thrilled
about getting a new drill because I
didn't really want to spend the money on
it
didn't want to make this project cost
more and I don't know most the time with
tools I'm not I'm always like I don't
mind getting a new and out of mind
replacement but I've had that thing
forever and that little guy has done
more work in my house then any tool I've
ever owned and I don't know it's this is
so bittersweet and this is ridiculous
that I feel this way about a tool but
seriously that guy in me we built a lot
this house is what it is because of that
tool I'm gonna miss you buddy I'm going
to really miss you but I'm excited about
the new one a little bit because it is a
brushless motor which makes it a whole
lot nicer I'm sticking with the Walt
because I just like their stuff not a
brand deal in any way just like their
stuff lemonade stand is going to be in
full force this is a wonderful sign
Olivia get rid of job it looks wonderful
we have the lemonade made and you know
what I think we need to do I need to get
in Boston's truck Boston is going to
drive if you would like to bring your
four-wheeler you can okay go get in your
ride and I'm going to get Lincoln in his
black robe ha what what's it called
solar solar all right we ready to go
okay let's see oh you did as well so
beautiful
yes ago okay oh Emily this is not the
cutest thing you've ever seen I
seriously am dying watching Boston drive
around at the lemonade in his back
back of his truck with the sign okay we
found the only semi busy road with some
shade we wanted to be in some shade and
we have our little set up here and we
even recruited some helpers the neighbor
boys are on their way so we've got our
sign we've got some lemonade on our
music all right I hope someone stops you
guys are asking a lot for lemonade
so we'll see okay I might be biased I
think my kids are the cutest things in
the full appending world are you
good job hai Kaun okay let's just make
sure we stay on the grass because there
are kind of a lot of cars and there's a
lot of cars passing maybe mommy's gonna
have to buy all the lemonade
daddy you walking home whoo laughs
steady you're working so hard
drink daddy daddy daddy okay hey dougie
okay and work tonight
work work work work work flat huh
changing his boiler for Rosa
- work work work where her simple are
you doing mastic they're doing that
wherever I why why why to me words we
know - that song - work work work work
work all right everybody before we have
dinner we have the grand total of the
illuminates and earnings drumroll please
drumroll please
all right Roger oh look at these mmm
all right let's count this money you got
there better and well have a love you
can Olivia nice we going to tell any of
the audience
hey wait a minute okay
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12
it's not only cynically can $11.75 yeah
I'm very confused though if everything
was a dollar why are we missing the
quarter before you mix it what what do
you think I'm busting okay well you know
what let's split it up and get it in our
piggy bank Michelle or so how much
didn't you just going to put in their
piggy bank
so they each get a foot about four bucks
nice you guys how does it feel to work
hard my grandma used to say if you don't
go to bed tired you don't work hard
enough and I feel like we are all going
to go to bed exhausted tonight you kids
worked hard
Joey work hard
I probably worked I mean I feel your
work done are and lot so the entire car
okay we are gonna have dinner thank you
guys so much for watching if you enjoyed
this video give it a thumbs up click
that thumbs up button and we'll see you
guys tomorrow
