I see you up there hey hey where'd your
face go I see those pretty eyes looking
at me
hilarious ringing this is where Joel and
I slept out here in the family room and
we can hear everyone make them breakfast
down there I'm looking at a cute little
girl up there and hopefully the weather
out there cooperates so we can go into
Yellowstone and get is very rude you
want to go shower and not stink and
leave me and the stinky desk behind you
guys think this is like a joke but she's
serious I don't want to shower we're
camping why Earth when I go in and
shower yeah we are running upon weird it
this is so rough no it's not roughing it
out in the least exactly so let's go
we're going out alike go to the stinky
geysers I will blend in with them they
won't they're gonna be like this Old
Faithful every and oh that's Bonnie
coming she's no what if you bump into a
subscribing are like good heavens you
smell the bond howleen she smells so bad
yeah then we'll lose the subscriber and
if they can't love me in my stinkiness I
don't want it anyway think way too bad
okay
need a shower I'm sorry I have a less
trouble getting the kids to shower and
bathe in you oh those aren't you
exodia camping I'm not showering and I
don't want you to either II know you
don't they're not nice and judgmental
nothing I don't sing
you don't smell good I don't smell like
Bo huh
I don't like Bo your body has an odor
how have you slept
okay you got your doggie come on me hi
it's price for the game they filled up
did you like again good morning you guys
we had an awesome breakfast we are now
in Yellowstone we're on our way
Oh yuck just one little paw almost
stuffed in that we're on our way to see
Old Faithful
and we're stopping to see the Buffalo
all right there's the Buffaloes we love
them okay my mom was saying we are as
naive to the ocean
as tourists are here coming trying to
pet the buffalo Tonka yes you are
Grayson you're going to get out there
and you're going to write a buffalo yeah
boy jerky and you're going to like it
and you're going to show that Buffalo
who's boss all of you there guy on a
buffalo one day the gap
so around this forest yes give me a
second I'll go ride one with you look at
the little cat though he looks just like
a cow like I would swear that's a cow
you're seeing on a buffalo aha
I don't think these people realize how
close they are to this Buffalo right
there like that guy's ginormous and he
has horns he has horns that's good
alright grandma do you see our geysers
out there Wow yeah this is an active
volcano mom you know that but all of
little interesting facts all of
Yellowstone is technically a volcano and
at some point you will erupt going to be
a little rough what it does but this is
also kind of so you got all these
geysers coming up and I know right now
Cody's not in our car he's in one of the
other caravans and I know his mind is
just blown he's just with all these
volcanoes stuff going on I bet he's
lovable
ma'am I don't know if you know but
that's not what that's for it's exactly
what this is for nobody knows
did you really this is the wrong one
geyser talk it's all the cold air too
hard on your nose
it's like cold clean air we are at
Yellowstone National Park and we're
looking at all of the haha hot pot so
it's amazing to go see it I wouldn't
gorgeous you would die right
thank you foil because it's too hot much
cooler it is pretty all the coloring in
the car back at all of Yellowstone is
actually considered one volcano and
these little pots are surface area core
is really hot there a what these are
called areas oh there is a wholly-owned
formation ha
one hot basis that means ancient mother
volcano
some of the lava you see down in Idaho
yeah came from here ok exploders and
blew up over there
well good thing someone knows what
they're talking about will erupt again
that's crazy
can you hear that oh that is frightening
or standing this close well I came here
when I was about Olivia's age and I
remember it was freezing and I was
miserable and I remember running on this
like just running around kind of crazy
that's kind of pretty
look oh it's really pretty kind of when
it goes up it looks like an actual yeah
I'm zooming into it I am so close Olivia
got a pet monkey how cute she's so cute
don't lose her okay and protect a bubble
on two bubbles you this one specifically
is called the Paint Pot
getting I turn the camera under like
toaster now I guess and you guys know
how - jealous he helps anyone everyone
and it he's been this way his entire
life he came up here for what he was
transom is a young men's trip you guys
don't remember name right now I can't
join me crazy Jean no no no no if it'll
hit me soon as the gym camera off he was
severely handicapped he was very
handsome
but he was such a nice boy and he went
to high school because our high school
had a good program for kids like that
and anyway mainstream so he came with us
and we went and hiked down to these
Falls but he there was no way he was
getting hit down there so I didn't think
twice about it any only weight maybe
sixty pounds soaking wet so I just put
him on my back I didn't I went down and
back up with him and it was no problem
at all I didn't think anything of it and
then comes out my neighbor when she
found out she was sobbing I was like no
you're supposed to do is help somebody
out I'd soon
think about it now to help somebody you
know possibly this building what a baby
cabin
Olivia's like one that we can walk into
no not unless you run an axe to cut them
every one of these trees
if you cut every one of these you might
see a dance right up okay what I am
making right over there a fairy house
thank you this stick right here can you
can examine is my hot tub
we built the hot tub did you go the hot
tub
your eyes with a hot tub there you did
could you bend those yes Joel awesome
your mom's all Joe is so weird like no
stick to he's being creative askew
going to be similar to that we're
walking in surrounded by all these trees
and straight ahead
that is old faithful old face all y'all
I remember running across these benches
and jumping to the other side when I was
really really little yeah there's a
picture somewhere of alien Julie
with an ice cream cone with their little
dick yeah
huh hot hot hot
what the is a quick coating anybody
in it that's really cool you can feel it
in the ground it's like you rumbling
Olivia what do you think awesome that's
pretty cool we're sitting here playing
on uno while they're done now and we
just realized every single one of Stan
and his grandkids have that worked by on
the back of their neck every one of the
five kids happen and now every single
one of the grandkids has egg
Cody has been obsessed we're cutting up
his own wood for the fire artists image
starting his own fire he's been his only
request come on now pull the trigger
okay
he has matches here he'd be able to do
it down in there and I figure kids want
to do these things I'd much rather him
do it with us and like try to do it
behind our backs or something a lot a
four so far yeah I'm like the forest on
fire there we gotta get more you going
okay we go in blow on it just a little
bit
my dad when we used to go camping I
always remember him taking the big
Tupperware lid and getting down and
slapping that Tupperware lid down there
I loved it you're going to set it like
this and then drop it like that okay
there you go
Oh buddy that's perfect good job that's
so perfect I was gonna catch on fire I
bet I have to show you one thing Lincoln
get walking get stride let me see
whee well I don't know how Bonnie and I
both forgot history
shop in town we stopped in town and got
him some cowboy boots and he loves them
do you like your boots
c'mere boots strut strut this gals are
stomping boots if you love them and the
best part about it is you always know
where he's executed here coffee
everywhere through the house is the best
part of it now the kids are already
heading for home Lincoln yeah look at
those three little hoodlums all right
okay run run I'm way in hurry
we are completely packed up we're all
the way out of the house now and
everybody is just ready to go home I
think we're a little bummed to go home
like every trip but ready to go home
take a nice shower get comfortable in
our houses get stuff packed up and be
ready for the rest of the week so we are
going to say goodbye to you guys here
and if you liked the video give it a
thumbs up if you're new to the channel
subscribe and we'll see you guys in the
next video bye guys oh and by the way I
did have a really nice time
