go up to five it was filing
good morning roommate good morning
roommate yeah I know you threw your
doggy down so rude he's done nothing but
comfort and love you and you threw your
bottle down I heard you get up and find
your binky this morning good morning can
you say good morning you slept so good
boss you slip right there no prob razor
yes this is this mattress is like firm
and I love it it's comfy but you can't
roll over get out of bed you go pee
nothing the world knowing you gonna be
silent and no babies he looked over at
us this morning and then did a
double-take like little bit what is
Lincoln should we go can you go put your
doggie back go put your doggie back
there we go or there we go good morning
Boston
are you playing with wills iPad is that
fun okay good morning ruborous you make
him breakfast this morning for everybody
the other hand out here um you look at
the wrong gal I came out to help yes I'm
not sure if that's hot enough
oh yeah might be hot enough yep I will
smash and you oh that's okay that's good
okay yes this is what my oh you got a
lot of oil on your finger didn't you
honey bunny
are you okay you need to go in let me
see the tip are you okay yes I mean I
grew up with my dad making scones and so
I wanted to make them for everybody here
oh that's pretty crispy okay first it's
a trial run so trial run
so I'm going to have somebody gonna have
Panama yep I will I'll do that I'll put
the camera down and I will help I like
to watch Jill do this fun you got it
your finger okay I am all for allowing
our kids to roam and be free especially
when you're camping it's like let them
do what they want or having fun but not
here not here we strictly told the kids
you cannot go outside without mom and
dad with you and you have to stay close
to us for this reason warning all
animals are wild and free if you're in
your car and close to animals be
cautious they have been known to ram and
dent vehicles though animals may look
big fat and lazy we promise you they can
run very fast
some animals hide very well please keep
a good eye on children and be cautious
of your surroundings at all times
absolutely no selfies with wild animals
stay away from them do not pick up or
pet trust us mom is always very close
are you being sauce with ledger be soft
with him are you guys going to be
friends you need call me let me help you
hey friends or cousins I'm not quite
sure what's funner going for wheeling
myself or letting my family go
four-wheeling and getting them out on
them I really like getting my dad out on
a machine because he told me no my
entire life for having machines like
you're not having a four-wheeler you're
not having Corolla and I'm not going to
I think he's the one that's converted
the most about it so parents changed
they do change
there's fun see injure my ax al and all
the grandkids they go and I can't even
see him but there's fun little
meandering trails here all over the
place go all up and down and they kind
of wind around through the pine trees
you can't see anywhere I just love it
this is so nice I've never been to
Island Park I've been up around this
area but I've never been at Island Park
but Bonnie this is her stomping ground
she grew up playing here and having fun
here so it's kind of fun to just be in
her area here they come
check out our trail this is like that's
a very bristly running Creek yeah
there's so much water run up right in
it's unreal yeah alright so pretty when
we get over to where we're going
we'll pick some flowers kay Olivia
difficult on e got to put on the bonnie
thing you see the water's you must be in
the water top there's a very simple
four-wheeling drive over to this little
area and is just full of flowers over
here you can still see the snow in the
mountains over here this is the cutest
catch-and-release lake so cute
Sookie Oh Cody have you ever been
fishing hey you got a little - I am big
yep I think will you look - Dane cute
out there you've been fishing before my
gosh what I think 500 oh my gosh the
backdrop is incredible
Oh
well you're the cute boy I think I've
ever seen
Oh
you know how to wheel it in really
you
this boy has been hounding me since we
got here to use my baby axe and cut up
some wood and this is about the only way
I could figure he wants to just hack a
whole entire tree down which isn't the
worst thing because I would wear him out
and he would sleep like a baby tonight
but I don't think the forest people want
him hacking trees down so okay set it
back up nice okay there you go
just like that like whoo that's a good
one do it again
now it's still big yep keep going okay
hey that split pretty good that's where
they're just breaking out of my like
hatchets because they are good but I
have to be very leery of them my brother
actually embedded one in his kneecap
like went all the way down to the bone
he was in surgery for a couple days
remember that dad yeah I bet you do
remember that that was a scary day so
hatchets were kind of like a no-no for a
long time and they can be really
dangerous but the good little tools and
we're going to just show him how to use
one the right way while dad's around at
least ooh that looks good Josh this is
my brother Josh I think you guys have
met him obviously you have he is the
middle boy which means he's the most
needy I don't know bonnie's the middle
child so she'll tell you Josh is a chef
by trade so when we get together he does
quite a bit of grilling cooking for us
and I really enjoy it and tonight he's
made prime rib and shrimp and vegetables
and look at it I mean this is luxury
camping right here from Josh the chef
this is Jeffrey my oldest brother you've
met him off plenty occasions we have
gone skiing together well I fall I'm
falling but you did a good job Jeff is
an engineer by trade so he's the
engineer in the family which is why he
probably has the hammock that's an
engineering thing I think they like
their hammocks they like their
engineering I guess I can't engineer me
tipping them out though yeah okay get in
there get in there
we're going to swing you around like
they did me sweet dreams sweet dreams
Jeffrey not one hit Maya this is my
brother Jeremiah he is second oldest yes
just folder or just younger than Jeff
but just older than Josh he is a marine
and he's in school right now for nursing
school and he is mr. outdoors so I think
he was kind of a person behind planning
the cabin trip here so that's what
you're Maya isn't that - he is so now
when you see him you'll be like that's
Maya or like I call him Maya he's always
Maya to me didn't say and it season
this is my brother Jared he's the last
one to introduce me and Jared go way
back we shared a room most of our life
Jared's just older than me I'm sorry I'm
interrupting you Jerri but it has to
introduce all of our subscribers to you
but Jared's just older than me and Jared
is the musician in the group he's always
had the vocal chords I think all of us
boys can sing fairly good but Jared's
got he's got the golden voice so he is
the singer in the group and that's all
my brothers that's that's the five J's
of the holding family Jeff Jeremiah Josh
Garrett and Joel
draw on some of the boys are starting to
campfire gears bringing the guitar down
to serenade and we've got the other half
of the kids and the hot tub with uncle
Josh so there is all sorts of fun all
over the place I'm going to go buy the
campfire to hopefully avoid some
mosquitoes thank you guys so much for
watching we've been having a blast here
and we'll see you guys on Monday thank
you guys so much for watching bye
