good morning everybody hopefully that
breeze is too noisy it's like the
perfect morning breeze in the world it
can be nightmare on a camera I want to
show you guys this this is from just
driving back and forth to Reuters you'll
see mom and dad or anybody we're going
to see that's how bad the bugs get here
across the certain area Roy is that
ridiculous that's one trip through
Willard Bay when we were driving through
Willard a the other day it sounded like
it was raining on our windshield it was
just bug it was Brosius this morning
I've got to get up and run down to mom
and dad's and pick up another machine so
we can take them up four-wheelin with my
family and I have to get the suburban
out so that our bug sprayer guy can come
and spray the garage and spray the house
and spray my shed out back we have a lot
to get sprayed so that we can get rid of
the bugs we're seeing tons and tons of
spiders normally we're a little earlier
on this preventive maintenance but we've
been lacking so you've got to hook up
the trailer get this beast down to Roy
and get ready for our camping date today
Olivia loves English muffin so I made
sure that we have some English muffins
this morning breakfast now look yummy
Oliviera thank you a restaurant Helene
that's available for seven magma boiling
hot you guys are so obsessed you're both
so everything is magma boiling hot okay
I want to know if we kids are camping
today hi they excited what are you most
excited for you want to show yeah okay
let's see tomatoes for you I'm a
grown-up oween yeah so let's explain
it's a four hour drive to where we're
going to yeah my parents are
unbelievable they were like I don't want
the Grand Prix board I want them to have
some fun what were their end memory
you've ever played like the license
plate game Yellowstone that area is the
only place that's where you'll get all
50 states
so show them what we're doing put move
your stickers okay so these are stickers
to mark what
well show me so this is where we're
going to be a little cabin Matt like
there's the entrance to I want to go
there a lot to Yellowstone so this is a
little cartoon map of Yellowstone my
parents got and they can mark where we
go with the sticker let's see the next
one
so here you try to find stuff like a
dress a bicycle a doctor looking out the
window and while quirky yeah we're going
to see one of those
yeah we're going to blow through every
one of them running all the stop light
and a horse a horse obviously a bore
slow down goober oh you're stuck here
grandma look and I know she did this on
purpose recurring one precaution purple
for Olivia
I'm Cody's is blue let me see okay then
when we get back I want to see every
single I want to see how many can have
the most liquor okay I did this but if
you can complete it you get a treat and
grandma grandma show me what a ride with
not just a treat a surprise huh really
okay so Cody did you catch that whoever
gets the most stickers in there well if
you complete it now if you can believe
it you complete it you all get prizes so
looking there tall building
you get prize all ages oh yeah I just
we got to keep your eyes out of the
window can we do mama yes you all helped
you and well mom will help you with this
license plate one and so will dad and so
when we see ma'am will do them and it
model has to maybe help walking so
obvious
yeah I will go back and Mark all your
guys just Argentina - okay see them eat
your breakfast three degrees what the
city and I think that's cute
business fun I know we're going to hit
that right now we're gonna get white
cash jack-in-the-box
ah get all these I don't even know have
I ever seen white channel is that there
in California and there's a little me
cheeseburgers thank you mom this morning
I was in the process of heading straight
down to Grandma and Grandpa pick up
grandpa's four-wheeler so we could take
it and Jarrod graciously let me take
kids instead he drives all the way down
there when I go in I hear is my not good
enough for you Joel it is good enough
it's perfect I hope it's good enough but
grandpa's rolled it a few times so I
just didn't want to put it for any more
work you know how many times have I
rolled that one
what do you think that's grandpa do you
think it's Minnie or the four-wheeler no
I don't know hi Ben are you ready are
you ready huh
Lincoln's ready over here - just sitting
on this where he won't move huh
they're going to get the four-wheeler
okay like that I can't believe it's not
butter it was that butter
look at that butter sugar you're weird
nope doesn't that look awesome
well I don't know why I like those
straps dangling that's just like like
hey I'm here I'm here just in case you
forget if you want you can use me crap
are you kidding me
this baby has been screaming and trying
to get out of my arms for the last five
minutes I turned the camera on music
camera honey they're okay we are almost
almost almost done packing right
Little Miss dancey move is this so weird
that we just learned the movie Pinocchio
not just learn but I have never watched
it I had never watched it I don't know
why camping is so appealing
I have camped my entire life and I love
camping but taking children taking
Lincoln camping it's like why why are we
doing that and it's like you pack up
your entire kitchen we're bringing
nothing Joel's dad is bringing
everything like that's the extent of it
and swedish fish like why do you why do
people pack up their entire house in
wilderness oh I'll tell you why the
honest answer is because I feel like it
makes us more appreciative of what we
have and I don't know but we're hardly
going like hardcore camping we're going
to go stay in a cabin I'm excited did
you think are you just like selling baby
spots I knew it
all right I think we have everything the
essentials for the baby our bags are
packed yet
are you packed electronics pack the
electronic bag a blogger test attack is
way more than the clothes I'm packing
this seriously I'm bringing zero makeup
ain't bringing zero like outfits like a
pair of shorts you can't be yeah we
gotta do clothes
anyway the bed is made the other side
like that is another story but
this is how I keep the kids occupied I
just need 20 minutes 20 minutes to get a
few things taken care of so unlike our
watching movie and Lincoln can go in the
crib
hey he's happy he's not screaming too
much jewelry to go Rio oh yeah I did it
so this morning we didn't have to
apologize in front of the kids when we
fight
not yet but when we fight I spied such a
one exceeded argument passionate
argument um we don't like to fight in
front of the kids we try not to anyway
my parents were perfect at that I mean
my parents never fought in front of us I
find perfect kids all the time so I
apologize in front of the kids and I
felt like that was really important to
do and it was humbling like that was it
was not easy I was just the I wanted the
kids to know that like I knew I was in
the wrong I just got shorter and I
wanted the kids to know that I was sorry
in front of the kids
that was a very big of you Gary day to
you and I had to apologize for losing my
temper too yeah so anyways what was the
whole point to that I don't remember my
point to that I was happy we're happy we
are happiness I it was I think that
there is absolutely nothing wrong with
fighting but I wanted to teach the kids
that if you do you just apologize and
then you move on let's not hold a grudge
now that we're packed we're ready to go
let's enjoy our trip it's always
stressful oh yeah yeah we're going to
enjoy the trip rather than being like
you were jerk this morning yes work nice
in you later
we're going to enjoy a trip like that
doesn't really set don't shoot baby
hungee instead of hungry and literally
all of us we say honey to this day
instead of you I'm going to be so Joel
you get that vlog edited because the
internet service isn't it don't somehow
it's going to be and we don't want to
get up there and do the whole drive away
a million miles
oh yeah well I don't want you
you have to miss out campus gonna care
players gonna play play play play
breaking hey hey
you're gonna can't can't can't can't cap
yeah I want you to be able to enjoy your
evening with your siblings I don't want
you editing all night so that way
tomorrow and I feeling that you really
have to play the drive a few hours away
to get internet so Nestor stop mixing up
it we don't even know yeah worst case
scenario yes what you do yes because I
want you to enjoy I want this to be a
getaway for you thank you I'm gonna get
away I got colors we're going to we're
getting away did you show on your outfit
okay mmm-hmm nope lol okay well you
won't be able to see the outfit we're
borrowing Jared's
four-wheeler we have our four-wheeler
and that's the outfit I would get amaro
dad's four-wheeler but he doesn't
deliver okay we're going to close the
vlog Thanks a little items like come
over here thank you guys so much for
watching if you guys want to meet Joel's
family stay tuned for tomorrow tomorrow
you'll meet his family members and we
are good there boom
you
