um are you still on the phone with Ellie
are you talking to I am talking to
myself but it sounded a little bit like
you are arguing with yourself no okay
this is what I'm saying I'm gonna tell
you what I was doing
we all just rolled out of bed and I was
in the bathroom thinking of a video that
I wanted to do and improv arguing about
doing the video no I was being
passionate about the video I was like
kind of going over like the things that
I'm sorry like tapping on my Facebook
focus not that you'd want to focus on my
morning face but anyway um I was
thinking about because a lot of people
ask me about my nails
I'll come out here in better light it's
very yellow in the bathroom and I get a
lot of questions about my nails and I
literally welcome my gosh we just rolled
out of bed seriously a lot of people ask
me what I do with my nails so I used to
do my own nails my own acrylic but I've
been having a girl do one I do an
acrylic overlay like every three to four
weeks and every two weeks I take the
polish off there is a shellac or like a
gel polish and I redo that every two
week so I do my know about every two
weeks and then I go in every four weeks
and have her fill the acrylic and I
think I want to start doing the acrylic
myself again because I don't want to
forget how or like lose the art just
giving me the thumbs up and now it's
just like one less appointment that I've
got to go to anything I'm almost I don't
know exactly what color this is but if
it's a Tami Taylor Tami Taylor is like
an old-school brand but it's so good I
love Tami Taylor brand anyway I'll leave
the color below because it is the most
perfect pink ever
anyway and then this morning I just
threw on a dress and there I think I
want to wear dresses every day this
summer there's a handful of places where
I get my dresses from and I will leave a
few of the links in the description for
you guys a lot of you have asked where I
have got
we lay it out for you so this is one
that you guys have asked about I love
this dress it came from journeys five
this one came from rulli which I really
like I have several from them
and this is my absolute favorite Sunday
dress I don't know why it is so
flattering it comes in a bajillion
different colors
anyway this came from I'm not sure the
name is either it's like it used to be
sexy modest boutique or um like modest
shopping or something like that anyway I
will have all the links in the
description for you guys if you want to
check them out just because I know a lot
of you are like hey where did you get
that cute dress and I'm and I plan to
wear dresses the entire summer this one
came from Piper Street I've gotten
several of dresses from there too
so do it haha sorry I can't help anyway
all those does love them the description
for you guys
we wanted to get a head start on our
planting today so he came straight to
the nursery MIT was picking out a whole
bunch of stuff for our flower garden and
enjoys calling me over here
these aren't annuals or perennials
annuals oh but so I just love what do
you want to do those I don't know if we
need filler we'll come back and get
those for sure but I just love the
spiked grass anyway you were calling me
over for west definite Oh all I saw
before you should be accessible this is
a big year for us it normally
do it one way we've done highway for
eight years now and we're changing it up
and that's just it's hard we just don't
know what to do I know yes true
so these are various of the exact same
thing no I didn't I didn't but we have
we've been doing our flowers the same
way for a really long time and we need
to switch it up a little bit I'm gonna
go check on the kids you find a white
one or like this this is a taller one oh
these are the same thing spikes
apparently I really like spikes Lincoln
was crying in syllabuses mom's you want
me to walk him around ha what are you
doing come here let's go find a little
bit on Lincoln where are they or you're
hiding do you know where they went where
Olivia should take him in the store she
was being so sweet oh here we are
and she's like here let me show them
around are you go review showing you
around
oh so he's holding your hand because he
doesn't want to go back in the cart
can't system I'm wearing those boots
that are ridiculously too big
Olivia why are you such a nice cover
something about the oldest Wow Oh got
you
thank you
I think it's funny that he thinks of you
no no no no no no okay let's go find
daddy
can you hold Olivia can we'll go find
dad yes this is well he's watched us
before mm-hmm oh I can't even stand
track you there being that is what is it
if it's called yellow chiffon what is it
like it it's got to because look at this
style a flower honey no they are mm-hmm
does it grow big yeah six to 12 inches
okay are they cute you want to just like
one or two of those in somewhere well I
think we should either do those or okay
so I already have the other being shy
well you met a cute friend today how old
are you you go to school next year all
right here's our loot let's go plant it
oh my gosh
plant it get it plant it Wow we have
tons of another fun work it's a joke hmm
we're buying plants oh no I don't know
forget it
anyway we have this lot this because we
have tons of ants Oh in our backyard
drives us nuts off
are we taking there good job Lincoln
yeah look at mom good job yeah good job
yeah good job no CoA um wet wipe say
where might say oh well why thank you
yeah that's what you do with some
thinking let's see you care
show me mad face show me mad face
hey mad face huh say Kaka Tucker
yeah
cut that to cut us look at monkey louder
you know the kid oh I'm gonna fight you
so he wants me to hey mister key I love
you mad face
hey ya what why that reminds me of the
way Olivia used to say diaper dapper
yapper ah ah dah bah bah bah bah wah
daddy outside work in can you hear him
say work okay okay
work work work work work see where Greg
where wherever see Rihanna so these are
going to be a blossoming bush they'll
get much bigger and they'll have flower
blooms through all summer long and these
will grow as spread and get big I love
sweet potato and these will grow back
each year I am very happy with the way
things look are you they should grow up
pretty quick wonder that does look a
little sad no it just needs a little bit
of but by the end of this year you think
it'll look okay
Oh give it two weeks you're going to be
like wow that was amazing good okay
there's always a shotgun and they settle
down and then I think what years are
going to go wow clump and I need I still
need to trim these bushes in the tree
I've heard a little bit out of the tree
get up a little bit but you still need
to do ten more mm-hmm yep and Joel right
now is getting some firewood because
we're going we're going on a hole in
camping trip I'm kind of excited we
haven't done a family reunion with my
brothers and that for years man years
years years yeah it's been a long time
we're gonna do one maybe fun okay and
fun be fun
Livius gonna be fun hmm I just earned it
wait nine dollars a day yeah and I know
it by watching cars at my friend Zach
who you lost that car my friend's mom
and then my friend neighbor and iron
$9.00 that was awesome I prefer Vishal I
just wanted to share that with you is
soulful technically my friend she got
ten
she got ten dollars and I got nine and
then my other little friend it's my
friends the balcony brother
yeah and and he got one daughter so my
friend is she had $11 and she gave one
to her brother so awesome we'll put it
in your piggy bank
okay okay thank you for watching cardi
all day good bye
I miss the coming back in uh-huh okay oh
um you're not Calvin oh I'll help you
find that we are in the basement getting
ready to close up our evening what I
like to do is get the kids all the way
ready for bed and then I've taken with
me to piano lesson and so as soon as we
get home the kids are ready for bed and
the kids are laughing at Lincoln because
of his list
hey Jimmy nice
I love your tone normally your some more
pronounced Oh Richard I kind of I mean
since you said Olivia tell me to say
positive venues at Boston to you cuz you
said I know it's a crazy little game we
play with that boy oh he is a dare devil
okay Colleen Brendon get your jammies on
run run run run leave the pillow in the
middle of the floor we're going to call
it a night because we have a few things
that we have to get done and then we get
home and it is straight to bedtime
Joel can edit I might watch The
Bachelorette we have a camping trip
tomorrow so we'll see you guys tomorrow
I will let you in and tell you where
we're going tomorrow see you guys
tomorrow bye and nails the landing you
little daredevil
