good morning everybody it is Memorial
Day and I hope everybody's having a good
Memorial Day and we are getting the day
off started early and getting some
plants done I really want to get my
tomatoes in and get them started so I'm
doing an early girls so that I have some
early tomatoes and I'm doing beefsteak
so I have some huge bottling Tomatoes
and then we have some peppers some green
and red peppers and then some Anaheim
chili peppers of a kind my father-in-law
has kind of got me hooked on they're the
best with the tomato sandwich funny
thing is Cody is the most picky eater we
have in our family he is the worst about
it and tomato sandwiches his go-to food
he could eat that every single day
forever he loves them so we got to make
sure we got plenty of tomatoes for
tomato sandwiches so the child can eat
once the year you gonna help me dolly
okay I like her boots
her boots cute they don't fit anymore
they're a little tight on the toes but
from all the do my shoes are soaking wet
from all the do out here that's okay
dear Joel I love the new garden beds
they're so pretty and I also love that
you are teaching your kids to plant a
garden
I'm saving Olivia so cute no jammies and
her rain boots
that is my grandpa's work brother and I
love looking at them because it looks
just like my grandpa and this is my
grandpa right here we are here at the
Clarkson Cemetery this is where my dad's
family is buried a lot of them and so we
come up here a lot because it's close
this is the closest place to us so we
always end up coming here I don't know
my mom's family is in Idaho
a little bit further Joel's family I
don't even know where Joel's family is I
think we're going to dedicate next
memorial to his family I've never been
there and I don't even know if Joel has
so anyway today is I'm just super
feeling emotional all day thinking of
those before us
you can watch them go check those
motorcycles you bet you want to watch
her drive away okay
watch that motorbike go
I think I like seeing the boys go after
my own heart they don't care about the
tombstones and the grades and stuff they
they don't quite get it yet
they do see a big truck that we can come
and play in over the airwest flat you
want to go to the flat let's go over to
the hill let's go play on the guilt okay
follow call you over to the hill link
and Roy go go go go go go go go go Joel
had brought the kids down there playing
in that flatbed truck and not next thing
we knew all the kids were over playing
on this gravel pile are they good okay I
think you can have all that Cody's using
the bat that was my dad's and he broke
it in Little League and when he's done
all well haul zoom in you can see the
tape see the black electrical tape right
there yeah you can see the black
electrical tape long did he break it in
Little League
Joey was I don't think he broke it I
think that's just great
oh nothing dad said yeah he said he
broke it in Little League no no no
little babies are fighting in here in
the dugout yeah you cute kids and those
slightly older ones were over here
telling secrets they were whispering to
each other
the ball come here come here Calvin dad
was a little league that you broke it in
okay
Boston what's going on kata knees don't
want to sit by you so you're just going
to go follow up that's a good tactic I
think a lot of guys would learn those
things from that girl doesn't want me
but I'm just going to close get a
follower anyway that's why I married
Joel hey better better better better
better better better
hey good swing good swing there better
better better the old man beaner
whoo hey you're doing really good those
are good swings
yeah you're just a little above it just
watch your head what keep your eye on it
that's outside outside way to watch you
got there serious good head dolly I got
your dad throwing what he called the
pitch my god inside take the hit and
walk your base come on I'm having the
play is awesome all right one more
you're awesome you're not getting my
good side I'm getting the great side of
you Shh oh come on let it go let them
throw them all day oh
you know that these cousins love each
other when they're holding hands playing
baseball oh you are just proud of
yourself Lincoln right I came in here to
stop in he took every one of these
sprite can then I had a sprite and I
don't know how long and he poured it out
onto the glass wall
Cody was crying because ever so we met a
bunch of people here low and behold
there are all of the Godfrey cousins Oh
close and Cody's just crying because
there they throw in too fast I might be
able to hit it well sure you can't get
up and try yeah yes you should see how
big he was smiling just now yeah Cody
oh my gosh good job
I knew you could do it awesome that's
happening that is happening that's
happening I know you could do it you're
going to be there in just a minute when
somebody hits it when they hit the ball
you run to the next base yep yep you
know just what to do in your pocket all
right I like you like you
I do you're good daddy you're nice daddy
is amol nice mom I love you Lincoln hey
Lincoln I love you
he loved me too Wow let me see that miss
hey have you shown me how good he is
with it okay where do you want to sit
nice boy he's so tired
we got Olivia up to bat now
grandpa's going to pitch
we are leaving the baseball game and the
other team which was just in cousins of
all of ours they didn't have a ball we
had four Cody had four they were all
Cody's balls we got four birthday
Christmas I don't remember baseball I
don't know I said Polly go give him the
ball so I keep playing just like black
are you serious they know they could not
have my balls and like get out there and
get some one of them one of your balls
and I said what would you how would you
like it if you showed up somewhere to
play baseball and you didn't have
evolved with someone else has four I
said you would want them to keep you a
ball and he says serious and serious
looked at my face and said I would never
show up without a ball - Jason give him
your balls - crap give them a ball
that's a good boy I am well you are so
cute on there with that my dad was so
cute pitching yeah that's a good time -
that was that's fun playing with a
little kids as much as I wanted to get
up there just like Russia ball myself it
was just like so so good
kids play join itself it felt
exhilarating hitting the ball I don't
remember too good yeah I don't remember
the last time I played and it makes me
want to go and hit balls I get a better
cage we'll go to the local er that's a
momentum oh my goodness is the end of a
very long day we went over and got in
the hot tub Alain Jerez with Ruby and
her family and while we love people in
the hub there's a lot of book this one
taught them and Lincoln Jake more
Gatorade then I think any human should
be able to drink I don't think Ron an
athlete can drink as much as he did we
left Cody over with Jackson because
Jackson did not want the party to end
and apparently neither did Cody so
they're going to have a little sleepover
we hope that all of you guys had a
really great Memorial Day we had a
wonderful one we're just extremely I'd
be I was even Alesana all day right kids
I'm beat
thank you guys so much for watching I
will see you tomorrow hi
Oh
you
and we
Oh
