Oh miss thing oh um I think they're
still available on this really awesome
um website it's called Polycom in case
you haven't heard of it I'll leave the
link in the description they're going
fast
they are people love this row okay
actually the rub is like a fan favorite
and this and the dress I mean there's
not a ton to choose from but the rope
was actually Ellie's design and she I
didn't think it would be as popular as
it is so anyway I pulled the camera out
this morning because I wanted to show
everybody that we just got through the
Book of Mormon with the kid it's the kid
version of the Book of Mormon and we
finished it you guys I'm proud of us
help mommy and daddy to get their work
done and have a good day Jesus Christ
baby I feel bad because I feel like we
put the camera on Lincoln all the time
but it's like he used to have to capture
I don't have to capture it it's not that
these big kids aren't any less cute but
hey that looks pretty good
no oh my Cody go get your shoes on go
get your shoes on right now go get your
shoes on go get your shoes on no be soft
be stuff okay I was like please don't
still doubt me can you hear it
Cody I shoes shoe get your shoes on
Lincoln what do you have show me right
this second okay we're gonna let me get
this does anyone know who's chopstick do
you know the Lincoln High's your
chapstick Olivia okay that's why he was
hiding I should have known better
hey Lincoln no sit up
I'll give that to Olivia right now I
didn't laugh
but I love witty sneak stuff okay hand
that to Olivia what did you put on your
lips Sheikh he put mastic on his saying
we're in the car and we're all obsessing
let's see let's see we're all obsessing
over this huge pack of gum and we're
just like in love with it
Dookie oh I was painful get up here Jan
by me so cuz we are a couple we had a
super successful oh we're missing it we
had a super successful lunch date of
Bali sorry I just knocked you already
and we we wanted to come and watch our
orders be processed for our first day oh
my gosh I just knocked a Joel over my
hips don't lie today apparently oh my
gosh these are all of our phone cases
our pops oh my gosh look at our leggings
and our drive
oh yeah underneath like oh these are all
of the orders that we're gonna fail
today enough yapping packin assembly
line packs left you guys this is our
first order should we write on their
first order first order heart all right
Aaron first orders coming to girl first
order there we go oh that's so cute oh I
love it
from the Bonnie hope YouTube stuff
whoever gets this please tag us on
instagram using hashtag volley pregnancy
brains real will you please double check
your stuff
you're not packing mini boxes doing that
let's hand-deliver mom's we are signing
people's packing slips and my heart is
about ready to burst are so real the
love and support that we feel by
fulfilling these orders is like they're
falling so they're the mommy dollies you
are our folly dolly stay warm whoever
get bunnies is the lucky one I guess I'm
boring you're not like your friends
forever stay warm you know what I would
do is I would price Bella something
wrong on the iPhone one can I put text
me don't think I'm a weirdo when you get
your packing slip okay peeps gold pops
okay
I love boo
Haga member Kegel member you got mom's
box
I got her package you got the package I
got the box let's go deliver this crazy
hot technology that's freaking fast
delivery okay it's real mom cool
source yeah look at this cold sir
monster she had a sympathy cold sir for
me and this is just a stressed out cold
sir I woke up with it so we literally
we're going through packing orders and
we were like Ellie had a delivery to me
it is so fun to see this in real life
being shipped because I'm like oh my
gosh I want to see how it looks when you
undo it and it comes a hundred percent
assembled that's awesome freshness yeah
I want to know what are you gonna put in
it in my bathroom supply stuff it's
because we did not want it damaged yeah
we were like we want this to not be
damaged during shipping so that's how
they all come if I'm redoing my
bedroom it is ten o'clock
