Joel there's something behind our door
and you have a really awkward 2-mile
about your fence now behind door number
one
oh they're more doors no okay
happy oh my gosh oh my gosh that's so
cool
one to him I love you so much funny
here is another ten years Oh our
timeline
you should work 2007 to 2017
Olivia Cody Boston YouTube Lincoln
anniversary birthday
Oh a reading birthday yeah it's our
wedding birthday that was ten for ten
years
nothing awesome so yesterday when you
like less and she another anniversary
well we both call our anniversaries I
would be the prettiest time but
yesterday was the 26 and when I got in
the car to go down and get balloons and
everything I'd like it's dated 26 and I
pulled my phone out the other day my son
of a gun so funny I had a babysitter for
yes okay yes that bad boy was hot this
morning like I was like can I have some
now chill this is so cute oh it's like
lined up perfect please you're so cute
hey Glenn Phyllis said I'm not my mama
we got a package in the mail from Keisha
in June and the kids are very excited to
see what's inside
wait wait a minute Nick said to the Holy
Family no to Boston from Bell + J Oh
selling J's are so cute this is do
Boston holy nappy birthday that's a car
yeah well she can more than anyone
believe you guys
so in this package there are some
presents for Calvin for his birthday
that is oversized yes and there's a few
presents in here for cost oh my word
dear Boston learn your ABCs with
Lincoln's love you Belle well that's
enough that makes me want to cry I've
been watching Boston out here he's been
putting his hold in and out of his
seatbelt and I am eating and I can hear
Olivia no breakfast oh that is so funny
of him he did have as a police car in
the seat belt as well
is it in the back Oh yet now it's in the
back the truck
look ya'll bossing my job my job awesome
ooh hoo what power will does that huh
show me burnout go show me that big
donut again but
while the boys have been out playing
with their Power Wheels
that's so funny and typical the boys are
playing with caravels Lincoln is taking
a nap Olivia and I have been very busy
in here haven't we
P and C we've just been doing a little
bit of work we I finally printed some of
Olivia's princess photoshoot pictures if
you guys want to see the video of all of
the princess pictures I'll put an eye
card at the top of the screen and in the
description if you guys want to see up
the name you printed these and we need
to have daddy help us hang them on the
wall and then I also printed this little
picture of Olivia and I and that's going
to go by her bed and then this is for
jolin eyes room
I found this frame at Z Gallerie and
that one came from Michaels and those
ones came from West Ellen yet welcome
anyway that's going to go in our room I
thought that was really cute
and the last one I have over here and I
printed our family picture and this is
like my little Hawaii corners of God
Turtles with a BB one and I'm mama one
x-men get Barney with you okay Cody has
a gray one down in his room Boston has a
green one and we've got a picture of us
on the beach and then I thought that all
the sea shows that Olivia and I found
and maybe some of the ones that grandma
gave to you some bison steaks and but
you think or faked and putting an itch
on the sea shells me I wish I would have
brought some sand home from Hawaii to
Phillips I'll put the seashells in and
then fill it up with sand or maybe just
don't who's this I love you took what is
this
Blaine the balloon the popped she took
the blend it popped and made a dress for
her doll house really yeah my doll but
basically your boss you did that's a
really clever idea
Olivia and I are getting much more
creative
we're making whatever tents or like
family household animals name is Rojo
right pet we are G and then this is
another one nice we're going to color
and learning couples that whiten their
teeth together Dave this is a secret
that's in here right here Cheers the
Kembla merge crying up on camera guard
come on you're moving out it's kind of
scary when you rinse it you wonder if
it's going to sink everything but it
doesn't stain anything ha
in a pass I have promoted white with
style many times because I love their
teeth whitening stuff it's the one step
that I have ever used that doesn't make
my teeth feel sensitive it doesn't send
shocks through my teeth and it and it
wet ins them very nicely and evenly
that's why I should say I always get the
peroxide free Sparkle white kit Joel
always gets the regular one is it coming
out good I can use some deep rinse and I
got ya yes Morgan to do okay anyway in
this time we wanted to try something new
they sent us this coconut activated
charcoal it's kind of cool you dip your
toothbrush in it and it turns your teeth
black anyway sucks out the nasties and
the stains and yeah I like that
I think it's kind of cool the sparkle
white kit retails for two hundred and
$69 but if you use the code Bonnie 28 at
checkout then these kits are $28 it's
summertime if you guys want to get a tan
when you
tene I'll have all their information in
the description below their website and
the code bonding 28 that you guys can
use to get yours for 28 bucks Nikki I
feel like I can't tell if it chart below
my keys are just gaps in my teeth
probably a little bit above you know
what they look pretty good they're not
going to do anything for his veneers up
here so for the teeth around this side
the bottoms let's go
yeah they look pretty good and you
probably could have brushed a little
longer we're a loner we're feeding the
kids before we go out before the
babysitter gets here we're having
potatoes carrots and rice mix mom yes
you can it looks like yes but we have to
surprise them in the yard okay today is
Jill Anais 10-year anniversary but we
are not celebrating it today we're
barely even going to go out to dinner
it's going to be somewhere like super
simple just be and I don't have any
makeup on I don't plan on getting ready
we just just put the way today rather
like we just don't want to do any we
like to get away from the kids but we
don't really want to like work that hard
no I'm normally I'm not getting ready
and like going on a date with you but
the reason we're not celebrating today
one cuz we just kind of look like it and
two I just fit all my questions about
what that was John I have wanted to go
on a trip just me and him for so long we
want to go on a cruise so bad we said we
were going to do it when we hit 50,000
subscribers and when we hit 150 then
when we hit 500 and it's just I just not
how come it's 1 million no well hey that
would be amazing if we were at 1 million
by August but what we were thinking is
we like our August anniversary a little
more than we do our wedding anniversary
say we met we have a having that video
we'll put a
i card for it anyway the timing wasn't
great you go on a trip right now are you
laughing at me here part with your book
the timing wasn't great to go on the
trip because we just got done doing a
bunch of trips so we want to wait till
the end of the summer and then maybe go
on a trip me and you but I highly doubt
it's even gonna happen I don't know I'm
not crossing my fingers anyway we want
to celebrate it in August we met in
August nineteen years ago so maybe we
should do something bigger like coming
up in 20 years
a year from now we'll see we may or may
not be going on a nice trip in August
together just me and Joel bon smokes
coming off of our restaurants we're
going to smells a little bit like an
outdoor barbecue I'm a little nervous
bunny and I tried this restaurant like
at least eight years ago remember one I
don't remember the pork for Olivia
eight years ago oh my word we're going
to give it a try it was okay then we
just haven't been back since that's not
a good sign but we're going to give it a
whirl we're going to go to another world
okay just kidding they're full and they
we can't get in till 8 o'clock in it 6
o'clock now which is crazy because
anywhere you go in Logan you don't need
a reservation just go and you get in so
I must be good
apparently we don't know what we're
talking about have you noticed how many
clouds are out today and it's the
craziest thing these ones are really
great sun is shining right here there's
just a lot more class than there
normally is do you not agree do you
think so I feel like we're experiencing
spring right now yeah we basically are
spring I'm wearing a hoodie and short
tells me
give you like pain so we didn't want in
the restaurant because I was way too
loud we went to and all these really
good Eon love hats on and only really
getting went to caf√© sabor and is way
too loud to vlog in there anyway we got
done with dinner wanted to check on
Lincoln and he is just in his room
having the time of his life jumping in
is perfect I want to talk to him so bad
I want to talk to him so bad but I don't
want to bother him look he's playing
with his Jeremy Joel we are going to do
something awesome and fun in August you
swear do you promise we'll do it you
promise I guess you just want to go
threatening are can offline Archer for
Nagas deal the days not over yet y'all
quick stop of the gas at a gas station
anymore because I'm good ok we'll see
you tomorrow
bye guys but come on mama eat your
babies across the street go go go go boy
whoo there you go a good job mama
well if you were having a crappy day
that just made it good right there bye
mama
you
