Olivia it's the last day of school can
you believe it I thought we were finally
here glass a school and that was parked
on party guy okay
Lincoln's birthday's in the summer and
so is yours
summer birthdays are the best you lucky
dogs do you guys see this one every
Thursday is Monday I think it says
laundry
it looks like laundry actually I mow
lawns you laundry no that is the plan
you are going to take the boys and
you're going to go do grandma's lon
the other grandmas lon our lawn and if
we ever get another property to rent out
you'll do that lon
and I think it's going to be great and
I'll stay home and I will do I need to
do bill called for bug spray and wash my
nasty hair you doing my face doesn't
clean and clean don't going can you go
say goodbye to Daddy say goodbye to
Daddy he will say why Dakota
look let me say goodbye to Cody even he
doesn't want you to leave in me give
Cody her a hug for body stand airfryer
goodbye can you go get Cody ahead okay
sorry Todd you don't get a hug have fun
guys love you love you very grassy go
the whole way down we've been busting
out some of my old CDs I found it in
this bad boy the other day in the house
yeah
everybody's got one of those somewhere
in their closet and the kids have loved
all my songs Boston what's your favorite
song
okay Cody what's your favorite song ah
this is my United States of whatever
okay get on my car I want the boys to
learn how to work since we don't really
own a farm or anything I want them to
come down once a week with me and help
me mow my parents lon bonnie's Krantz
lon everybody's whatever we already
talked about that but the second I got
out I could smell the old orchard but I
used to work in right up there and down
there by the teachers and stuff and I'm
not sure what that smell is that I'm
smelling but that is springtime that is
summertime that is my childhood and it
also gets lemon here you are a cute
little guy thinks that's funny
Fanny Lincoln look at mom Lincoln is
that funny
uh-huh okay go ahead you wearing
Boston's new shoes are ya yep those are
Boston shoes oh you're trying to say it
aren't you have Boston shoes well lesson
number one if you're going to surprise
somebody to mow their lawn not the best
idea because most the time it's done way
too soon before you even need it done it
needs we call so you just got to find
random tasks but look at all these pine
cones
these boys are gonna go to town right
now yeah look see your gloves bud you
ready to work Boston's got a soda he's
ready to do not get much done yeah yeah
I do
I do plan a safe yeah well we got to
work first then you can play on the
swing set for a little bit okay look at
these two buckets you fill up all them
buckets pinecone we'll play
every one of them buckets has gotta be
filled are you wearing sissy's jacket oh
my goodness
me and Olivia we've been sitting here at
the front door she came home and just
cried cried cried so she's gonna miss
her teacher you love your teacher don't
ya she's a little timid two-shoes crying
but I told her I remember I had a
teacher named mrs. obray and I loved her
and at the end of the school year you
know what I did I didn't want her to
know that I was going to kiss her and so
I was hugging her and what that was
hugging her I was like yes her sweater
but I was crying so hard because I was
just going to miss her and you know what
to this day I think about her you love
your teacher don't ya how come you like
her so much
so she was nice to you and sweet Lincoln
Lincoln just punched Olivia with a paper
way to break the ice buddy well guess
what olivia is summer vacation and
Lincoln is going to kill you in
celebration okay no he's a big goober he
looks beautiful in your dress your
jacket says yay Olivia I'm so excited
you're home for summer break and she'll
be in the videos more whoa
here's three be funny you're funny
well we've already filled what 20
gallons we filled one of those twice and
all those wants so that's 20 gallons of
pine cones we could cut a lot of pine
cones left so we got to pick up
everything off the yard how about all
right pick him up
show me you get them off this man
tossing them is a dangerous game but you
guys been going twice
Walmart not a walnut under a pine tree
I like seeing these boys work they're
not obviously not breaking too big of a
sweat but they just don't have enough to
keep them occupied
yeah so I want them to learn to work a
little bit more no better place going to
Grandma's house okay call these ones
over here
get those one don't make grandma saw
that that's right okay look boss can I
see one more do you see one more SS look
there's one right there
right here right around here Keigo bud
okay
Oh over there k go get it you go get it
good boy good eye you're not missing one
of them
Cody going behind there better be
careful I think grandpuppies behind
there
pineapple okay let's go from finish up
our work these boys are working so hard
let's go finish up that's a big what is
that Boston what is it
pine choice oh he kept calling pineapple
if only they were pineapples well I'm
officially bummed I brought my drawn to
get some cool aerial shots of the kids
in the yard and everything so just look
awesome but I updated it and an airport
flies right over this way and we've
always been able to fly our drones only
up so high but now it won't even let me
get it off the ground
and it's funny as I was driving it down
this hill it kept sinking sinking
sinking and it just wouldn't go back up
you're tired you've been working hard I
want to show the progress of these boys
this area up here we're just finishing
up and we're going to be done but that's
how it looked all the way back here no
pine cones that's awesome you guys did
good work okay
right your binky look come give Olivia a
hug goodnight give no Lincoln okay okay
let's stand up Lincoln boy hey know what
I mean it you need to know calm down to
this naptime now you give Olivia a hug
no no give Olivia huh good night no okay
hugs no nice nice giver what I'm doing
okay can you give her kisses give sissy
kisses good night don't you pinky give
her kisses give her just no that's not
what I'm saying
give her a good kiss give her a kiss
good night thank you you're being silly
you want to be ki drunk pinky okay give
her a kiss can I sing again give her a
kiss good night
well sorry I love you okay listen she'll
give you one okay stand up Jenna no okay
give give Olivia a kiss good night
oh yeah
Lincoln is so proud of himself for
finding his way outside which we saw in
my ad did you find your way outside
right and dad's way awesome
Jolley
Hey
Oh
Chloe you said you're sent back to
charge where it goes
oh why are you teaching you how to do
that oh that's the worst idea in the
world Wilson has a reason
oh you are doing awesome any insurance
law okay we are not going to do that
ever ever again you guys I feel like
today is a very victorious day Joel how
many lines did you do today I took care
of three yards three lines I cleaned the
entire house while he was gone I paid
bills and what else did I do what else
did I do I'm in myself an eyebrow
appointment to get Micro bleeding cool
oh and the kids graduated from school
and you kids worked really hard I know
you had like a month in a week off exes
but in the meantime they worked really
really hard so we are going to bed with
yards done homes clean school
accomplished good night this is a good
night if you guys want to subscribe to
our channel we are going to have an
awesome summer we want to teach the kids
to work hard to play hard and yeah I'm
pretty excited all right guys we will
see you tomorrow tomorrow is the
official first day of summer and we can
not wait see you guys on Monday
