second charanraj this is a special red
monkey game and I'm happier when I'm
doing a click thumbs up and sex crime
what do you keep telling mama this
morning and dad and I think say check do
you like it okay
did you just Trudy again yeah hey what
do you think about your jammies excuse
me what do you like about your jammies
ah lately where else do you like them
you were kind of hesitant I think you
were they're the cutest his buzz what's
the cutest kind of give them like a
wedgie hey did you incur Boston sleep
next to each other on the bottom bunk
how come
can you can--it oh my gosh yeah whose
idea was it yours
and of course Boston just goes with the
flow mm-hmm just jam into some Rihanna
and a truck
good morning guys I feel very sick to my
stomach right now and I'm going to tell
you why I like don't even wonder like I
feel like I'm about to cry
um I flippin ripped out when it's too
expensive I laughing so I don't cry and
I was like oh I think I just like pulled
one out and then when I looked I like
ripped a spot out of my hair
like my head and so I have this like
bald spot that's about this big and I'm
I don't know if I'll show you I don't
think I'm going to I don't think I can
even look at it right now and but like I
could hear it and I can feel it and I'm
just a little sick to my stomach about
it and I just thought oh this I could
just hear me
I hope my mom's I'm mad like no I know
she's not but maybe
okay now that all the uncomfortable
laughing is out of my system Johnny I
you Joel
I am too it hurts and it doesn't feel
good I got ready today because I am
going to meet my sisters Alec text means
like we should do something today and
I'm like we should go see Ruby and then
I was like that's a long drive so we
decided we're all going to need to love
me so oh my god
well like it's like coming out I know I
told you that so the extension let me
show you what extensions are so this is
the extension piece and it was taped in
and then it rips oh well
we stop we stop that right there that's
atrocious fun that's not going to stay
in well I mean I don't know what to do I
need to go and we'll know I'll just
probably cut the fake extension right
there off so it's not like flopping in
my hair I told you that's why I was like
getting like six because I didn't mean
to do it what I did let me show you I
took a pic and I was back combing my
hair just like this to kind of fluff it
up and then I was calming it down and I
was going about that fast it's kind of
like combing through your hair you know
like this and something got tangled and
was just like what and just like ripped
it and I know I feel embarrassed I
really know why I'm recording this Oh
anyway might be a bad idea
why not instantly I was like I wouldn't
take these out I don't want these
they're not safe well volleying is gone
with Ellie and she's got the new nice
camera
so if Michael idiots looked a little bit
blurry because we're shooting on the old
shooting flick thing but since phony is
gone I went and got some lunch for like
feeding tan apparently but this is our
like local Hawaiian
restaurant place they have some cops
food chicken teriyaki chicken and some
steak mac salad and rice Hawaiian food
Hawaiian barbecue and I've been craving
it too but they don't have a su v--'s
but still I'll take what I can get and
since Bonnie's not a big fan of that
much meat I'll just go to town off huh
just me and you but
yeah there you go enjoy that balloon if
your time right this running piracy if
he's tired just go to sleep for this car
seat systems sound advice
I brought Boston with me and Lincoln's
going to stay home with Joel and the
other tour at school and I should be
back by the time school is out but
anyway I think it's kind of fun that
we're going on a little date are we
going on a date okay yes are we going on
a date yeah you like my new shirt um
heck yes I do
Jackie have brought my magic chirp ah
Lincoln Lincoln right hey what'd you
find
alright yeah hey got y'all dressed for
the day yeah let me go
what is that one think you know what
what kind is what is it though let me
take well what do they are what kind of
candy are they what Boston is making me
carry him everywhere we go and he is so
heavy
he's so heavy I bet he weighs 45 pounds
I want me on that side the arm is
killing me I can't lay down from
peanuts or deadlines guys background
popping bleep smell yourself a person
sweet yeah we do have one time any piece
of tradition here we go here we go
hey guys man I miss tradition jinguk
today I kind of have only one mission
I'm trying to get Cody's power wheel up
and running again and the battery has
gone bad on it and I need to replace it
but when I looked at a battery online
and call the shipping it was the price
of like a whole new power wheel I'm like
I don't want to replace it with a whole
new one and I don't want to pay all that
shipping and handling so I'm at Harbor
Freight the cheapest place to find
anything it may not last very long but
he'll get you by and I got sergeant Sam
here huh yes
this outfit bud was born by this guy
when he was a little boy and by boss my
shoe guy who this was warned that shorts
and hat were worn by Cody when he was a
little boy
you believe that yeah and you look just
as cute this is cash Boston can you show
Henry what your shirt does look
oh now I know that wall and that wall I
know a lady named Jennifer from
Switzerland since it and I seriously
need her to contact me so I can find out
where she got them because I've looked
and I can't find him anywhere
oh not cool I'm saying I know it's fun
what good-looking friends agree laughs I
know all right I did it I found it it's
the old battery right here this is the
new battery don't mind the duracell name
that's a PMG brand and I will always be
true to PNG anyway so I actually figured
out you can take this apart and put it
all all of the back so it'll charge and
mount up just like his old on color how
cool is that
that's cool you will not get out of this
one Olivia's loving jamming to the tune
Stan a sidekick Cody careful this is so
heavy it will smash your foot like crazy
bud make your toe explode okay let's get
your four-wheeler done let's go
ng on your arm don't yet mo will get it
there we go it's done okay
Oh
Tyko to be running go that is so often
I'm so happy I took the time to take
that battery apart I thought I was just
going to have to rig some electrical
disaster no no you got your best gal
with you count on a day we have lunch
with the family and I feel a little
cheesy but like you guys wanna see my
picture on the wall we brought everybody
and I'm going to show them this is the
new Albion store and I just want open
every single item in here and I almost
do
thank you mother I know I actually do
okay I'll go look at your sister in your
room okay how hot do you think I look
y'all did you record him in his outfit
pyramid do you know that was your outfit
oh it was Cody's Cody that was your
outfit oh my haha sub don't know no Cana
do you see how he's standing up you
cannot write it if he stands up and is
trying to get out before right
it's okay Olivia why you hop up front
Olivia's ready for a ride
come give me one sec come here you
tagged on my scalp egde now that
everyone has their cars parked let's go
inside and have some dinner
Oh Oh hand in the blue one honey hand of
the blue one look at them he wants it
sweetie
yeah Olivia you're going to be facing
you have this to him there we go here we
go yay are you spoiled does Olivia give
you everything you want Olivia to give
them everything you want he wants all
right what was special about today
Oh your left yeah well and then yeah
Wow Peter Cheers Wow I remember doing
that I know
say goodbye your teacher was your
teacher was crying because it was all
because she was saying goodbye to you
guys that's a good teacher
I said goodbye to her huh high five
nice
Hey are you excited about summer are you
kind of sad to be out of school for this
summer okay
she has on her mom what he's like
because are going to be home full-time
now well guess what we are going to
party hard this summer we have a list if
you guys have been watching we've been
making this list this is our summer fun
list and I personally can't wait we are
going to end the vlog here Joel is
cutting up a hem F oh that's alright I
go really as my okay thank you guys so
much for our to this video if you
enjoyed it you wanna show you guys in
our next video
