it is Monday night and I'm just getting
home from my sister Ellie's house we
were watching the new bachelor rent
which was wonderful and I am coming home
to such a sight mom man is in the garage
getting ready for our baby boy's
birthday and my like look how wonderful
this looks Joel worked all day prepping
our flower beds our bushes are a little
sad I'm going to give them haircuts
don't worry about it
but I just like Joel has worked so hard
to make things look nice and to I don't
know just keep things nice for us and
this is so fun to see oh my gosh and I
know I like spoiling the surprise but
but it's just too cute to not record I
was like I have to go get the camera
there's a lot of work that you have to
do on this well I'm surprised nothing
there's no see just two minutes earlier
because Beth Oregon good morning feisty
you're almost a son he woke up this
morning and came in the bathroom us
showering and it goes isn't my birthday
all day good so I guess you can pick
your nose but okay I'm of your eyes can
you go give Olivia a hug she is so sad
that she can't miss school today for
your birthday huh but you know what
Olivia we will not do any partying
without you I promise okay Olivia's kind
of sad embosses like wait why are you
putting shoes on where we was going
we'll wait for her to have your birthday
cake on pardon okay okay yeah okay oh
definitely presents yes you can first
and then cake huh no more being sad okay
you're okay
we will not party hard without you we
are all kind of rolling out of bed and
we are going to breakfast today is
Boston way toes birthday and he is
turning four he's mad at me
fly right now yes and you guys know who
else's birthday it is today whose
birthday is it tell me
our cousin Calvin's birthday and who
else's birthday is it it's Kate can you
believe that you share a birthday with
Kate and with Calvin so we want to say
an extra happy birthday to Kate and
Kelvin and Kate lives a little further
away but Ellie lives right around the
corner so we are going to go meet them
for breakfast is it Calvin's birthday
today
I was asking Ellie I was like you know
you didn't get boxing a presentation
she's like I was like oh it's letting it
Kevin win either
I could I could show up with one and I
like that we are just a little carefree
in that department like it was like
don't worry about it like that um
they're fine like people like these were
crazy offered up but I kind of like that
were like that
yes yes it and so quick I might have to
deliver it to then show up put it in the
mail
is that okay can you put it with your
your other stuff if you like okay what's
on it won't open it right now Boston
wait grandma grandpa's grandpa were key
yeah I'm going to open it right narrow
well maybe grandma can come in and we'll
open it cause you're right here alright
what I thought so oh really yeah I'm in
the bathroom getting ready and I heard
the door open and I thought I can I know
from surprising at what instant what is
that oh wow what is that it's a Jani was
like wait a minute is that part I dunno
I mean you're looking smoke very short
she is a fork so is afford it just like
this dish hit me like this before okay
three um that is the cutest GME there
sure do they have open it in a 31p sweet
hot girl hold that yeah yeah yeah haha
like dinking jammy but you know what
you're gonna love it and you remember so
are you don't know do you remember his
yellow Jimmy just like that last year
did you hang us from know do you
remember the yellow when you got
and they were his favorite so he might
just learn to love them do you love it
we'll see he just said I love good job
cage you want to see up here come here
you can come here I want to show you
come here I want to show you what it is
up here it's a paw patrol pinata because
you said that you wanted some paw patrol
stuff guess what I have a present for
you
but it's just not right here I have one
big present for you two is great Boston
two is a great amount of present so look
let me show you okay so see this present
right here Olivia and Cody got that for
you and they wrapped it all by
themselves and we got you a paw patrol
Canora and then me and dad have a
present for you but it's outside and
I'll give it to you when it's time okay
ready to see it okay thank you gonna eat
it
Oh Mama and Daddy and Olivia and Cody so
look at me
Boston I want you to look at mom I want
you to be happy with what you get oh you
love it
okay he was it just took him a minute to
be okay with knowing that he only gets
two that's a lot
that's awesome yeah look I could not
believe him you little stink I think he
just is so excited for presence you love
it
big sister built things up really it's
okay happy birthday to you Thank You
Kate happy birthday as even see Kate hey
is that your happy birthday pin from
Disneyland oh did he just say that money
in his pocket rub pinata
Henry hi sweetie
um Kate what have you done for your
birthday today get doughnuts for you
that is so special
Kate you have a wonderful birthday today
he was so excited now he's not you know
I kind of like it quiet with success to
come Emmanuel
oh yes we're gonna cut the cake or in a
movie
enjoy together that's right Pinterest
drivers bike is also this department is
super duper Peppa so she got sneak peek
yummy
when Olivia Cody got home because
they're going to want to watch you do it
I guess you can do it now so we're going
to go over and clean happy birthday to
Calvin here yep yeah honey where's the
finger huh good that's right is this
happy birthday can close me
patrina onion are you kidding me right
now
since I know the coolest er ever I want
that we got this in our p.o box and we
thought it was the sweetest card in the
world
Thank You Jennifer you say thanks
so grandma how much you love her now
listen bottom you gotta see Hubert down
here baby he knows just what he wants
from Lincoln no no no look at him John
again he is trying to plug this out you
get out of there Lincoln don't you blow
them out think of a wish happy birthday
to you
happy birthday gearbox and waiter that I
did oh that's so like soft okay link it
pasta mom are you watching then I can
blow it out hopefully Percy is it is
just - bucket no it's like sweet okay
open it pasta widow
what is it what is it bud it's a
powerful thing
Olivia enclosed on that really Tom thank
you beat you here well done awesome
can we open it everywhere we went to the
store and he received as he's like a lot
felt so bad a rural to both patrol way
we're ready for the bottle Sameer
positive
the two babies are going to play in the
truck unattended we're not going to pay
any attention to them to speak to we're
going to line up carefully over here and
you are the first app you big birthday
boy
all right on your mark on your mark get
set go Wow
well you guys it is the end of the night
I took all the kids with me to piano
lesson Olivia did really well and joel
is that young men strolls in the young
men's now in our church so Joel is gone
for the evening we are going to close
the vlog without him and we are closing
it by having a little bit of birthday
cake and I don't know when this little
thing started that we just dig in and
act like little piggies I don't know
because I think the kids thought it was
fun one time and so we just let them do
it on their birthday yep so what we do
oh my gosh did you have a good birthday
is on Jesus birthday boy it was yes are
you looking at your teeth is all the
food coloring in them yes looks kind of
gross is there is it black kind of yeah
what I think would be fun is if in the
comments
instead of saying happy birthday to
Boston well you can say happy birthday
but I think that you guys should write
something that you like about Boston
what is what is something you you like
that me and um or a memory that you guys
see great honey
a bear card into them so comment down
below your favorite thing or your
favorite memory or your favorite saying
from little Boston Wade over here happy
birthday to my baby boys I just want to
say happy rose by you
his memories okay
that's what jilting firming thank you
guys so much for watching it's crazy to
think that we started blogging when he
was Lincoln's age crazy thank you guys
so much for sticking around give the
flog of thumbs up and subscribe if
you're not we'll see you guys tomorrow
