good morning you guys we are sitting at
the breakfast table and we've been doing
nothing but birthday plans one one is
where I um was laughing at me and we
roasted them roasted our candy from the
pinata okay you don't have to but I have
a question
whose birthday is it yes your birthday
how old are you going to be Oh mm-hmm
I can't wait
no matter school when you're five but
now right away you still have to wait um
Boston what do you want for your
birthday
nothing just a patrol painting so today
Cody and Olivia we I am going to take
them and we're going to go find a really
special present for Boston birthday on
Tuesday I'm a guinea pig I'm Carter tell
me about the birds the other day oh you
know I was getting some rough days and
when I call me 2004 into the water
business is well except recruiting ha me
Bert what is that Lincoln do you think
that's you
you just exploring in here he found an
old bag of hair extensions and he was so
disgusted by it it's a good hand in
there like he was sticking a hand in a
pile of poo yeah seems like what am i
touching oh yeah what a thing hands you
touch comes their way
oh that's funny of you don't you want
any girlfriend oh it's you uh
Jesus no look at this ha ha ha
I did not mean to do that I didn't
realize that the Clippers were clipping
I was like oh it's not cutting so I did
more and more and then that's what
happened anyway I'm blinkin that's my
half this is my video schedule you got
to come show them I don't know why I
feel so embarrassed I feel very
embarrassed that's all you're talkative
you fighters on me just told me camera
stuff Oh
so the other day when I went to get my
hair and I'll just tell you guys what I
Dix I'm sure you guys will have
questions and I really want to show you
I love it I just feel a little timid
you'll give me a thumbs okay I went and
got taping hair extensions and so
they'll stay in and then this is the
first time I've bleached my hair since
and I've never even bleached my hair in
high school I think yeah I did I make
my hair has a streak tonight boy that
was a long time ago I was a long time
ago anyway here it is there you go
that's my mommy makeover reveal you
should be good-looking
you look generally like this I love it
it feels good to have a little change
and I feel like I was either going to
chop my hair short like you guys saw in
a picture the other day or I just I see
did something fishy do something because
I love this thank you we're getting a
few things for the party on Tuesday you
guys want to show them the kind of
cookies that dad likes for s'mores these
kind because it's like your graham
cracker and it already has chocolate on
one side so these are what we use for
s'mores I need a welcome video to your
Laffy Taffy's yeah expert already deadly
domestic ma yeah
awesome we are going to let you pick out
the chips that you want what kind of
chips you want with our hot dogs
oh dear you and even those are actually
really good he got them probably because
they're green Bisley Oh No welcome to
the party now do you like that kind yes
well we can have to attend ok thanks you
can get that kind Cody and this is my
choice the spicy nacho I think usually
yeah oh that's a very soft bag be kind
if you haven't had them they're so good
ah
alright these one spicy sweet chili I
don't know I think it's no it is it's
the spicy sweet chili this one sorry
guys you just went along getting golf
minimal apology
awesome she's like screaming earlier oh
dear they're very jumbo and you're going
to crush everything never worried about
the marshmallows crushing anything
before
that's acute candle yeah four of them
while you can fit him I really do have a
dilemma here bonnie was trying to skate
past everything and she's like let's
just buy a cake there is not a bought
cake in this world that tastes the way
Bonnie cakes do you're not getting off
the hook that easy
what's that the pride thing you should
have to have don't make me turn this
camera the first thing that we have to
decide is what the inside of your cake
is going to look like you want a yellow
cake no do you want a chocolate cake
like I know I'm Lulu polish okay that
kind my favorite kind of lemon there's
no need come on you're going to think a
yellow one Nikki Phillippi oh this is
really really hard
Oh cable to see yellow inside that's why
I wanted to buy a cake because I'm
pretty sure they're going to have a
really awesome paw patrol one and that's
a key one was like oh sure we were
driving and there's a sign if it had
Mexican vanilla and I said oh my
goodness is it you know how hard it is
to find clear vanilla and Jill had to
run a few errands of shopping for Boston
and he came home and you know brown
paper bag doing this on the road
so did they tell you to store the
records I'm just friend really if I'm
cute whatever oh oh oh what did you
smash it on don't make a lot harder to
get on the floor so just the platform
Cody did you just heard on the floor or
did you hit the chair okay coach Joel so
get in the car Cody would I take you to
the hospital
well I need my shoes kirlyam guys take
you to the hospital
and yes let me get my shoes and then
we'll take hey let's go let's go I think
they might need to cut its head off well
we'll get its water with they know about
Cody should we go to the hospital
oh yeah like this well are you sure and
put it in a cab what let me help you we
need easier if you cooperated fine if
you're not I take your foot off you
listen take your hand off or your ears
to be harmed in any way okay let me see
if my baby's okay pull them up everyone
else is going to need to know as well
let me see your face oh he's okay no but
I'm about to hurt his face
no be softer daddy
that manager no be soft if daddy only
Mongoose your husband flinches when is
lunch my what about me
yes if you are really okay okay thank
you worried she did you shoot on he had
you hear that Daddy just training
suburban on he's waiting on ice
yeah these shoes are getting too small
for you and these are some of my
absolute favorite shoes and you know it
makes me sad you're not going to be a
baby anymore these are like baby sized
shoes and once you go up a size boy
you're no longer a baby anymore you know
that that makes me so sad and on a more
random note I love wearing a finger a
ring on this finger I don't know why it
makes me feel so girly I saw someone the
other day wearing on a like a little
ring finger anyway I thought it was
really cute I said it is really cute can
you say goodbye to everybody okay wave
goodbye here I'll hold your baggy weight
goodbye say goodbye say bye bye I want
you to say it I want you to say bye-bye
okay that's all you're gonna get away
from Lincoln and another way I'm not
sure what we're going to do I think
we're going to get in the car and just
see where the target side wants to go
outside so I'm going to close out my
hair I'm going to close the blog here
I'm going to say goodbye to you guys I
hope you guys have a really nice start
to the beginning of your week who's here
can you say goodbye to everybody and
closing the vlog oh yeah closing the
blog some of these guys assume tomorrow
thanks for watching us you guys it blows
my mind still that we get to do this so
we put videos out there for you guys to
see thank you guys for watching
give this video a thumbs up oh so we're
gonna kind of section the other day was
like hey where did you first what first
what was your first video that you ever
watch the Bonnies or like hey how did
you find bodies channel so if you guys
want to tell me that in the description
below I would love that
ok talk to you guys later fight to kids
almost automatically don't you obviously
have to get a real train church no no I
didn't but it it means like two seconds
well just overwrite um y-yeah we have to
read the card I know don't read out loud
on really out loud
I think it's awesome but happy redoing
Mother's Day
but now I'm gonna have to get you
something for Mother's Day or Father's
Day yes bye honey
we were going to do shut it oh it's just
a teeny tiny baby one for baby later we
were going to do presents for mothers
and fathers and totally fine I wasn't
planning on it but I want to go on bike
rides with the kids I'm like Bonnie
can't go does that look like a no wait I
wanted you to know I am so sorry for
losing my temper and not treating you
like the mother you are you are so hard
to take care of our family me love Joel
look I'm sorry I show me too you know I
can't run you know is my favorite color
it's just favorited game please don't
push pedals it's gonna hit anything
oh sure you don't my bed oh sure that
was so sweet
money is God gave this to me hi
Godwin got it the other day and he left
Church and said he had to get some Advil
I woke this out before we left for
church but I needed to come on anything
in the car this is a bike turn a fire oh
okay
little I'm sure I think I need to like
have not take a seat hey top player with
a chain buddy no fate all please mr.
Cheney's office crazy man
yes craziness coming okay later guys the
great yellow Sun is written in yardie
for Isaac day has begun we spin around
spin around you left
