we just realized I'm out of gas and I
have to get it I really don't like
getting gas and I really like when Jill
gets it for me okay so I have a hair
appointment out of town and then I am
going to an Albion the opening of the
Albion fit store at City Creek tonight
you didn't know that
oh okay
so Joel's gonna have the case all day
today I hope you guys have fun
I do I'm sorry what what you're going to
do with some options okay and I am NOT
going to maybe cameras me so I'm going
to say hello and goodbye to you in this
little clip so bye guys
I don't even have the option to take
another camera would be because I'm
still getting thick they said they were
going to expedite it it'll be done soon
so conveniently Amazon I just think one
of the old Tara don't bother that thing
died on me last night I tried to get a
clip of my parents but I won't even turn
on
oh you're going this way however that is
the battery but I'm just saying
apologize mm-hmm
okay well I'm gonna have different
hearing any time but when I come back
hate to see you leave but love to watch
you walk away so for a long time bonnie
has been telling you guys about these
beautiful mountains that sit right here
and how pretty they always look so I
figured I'd come down and get some drone
footage this morning and I am frozen
I'm absolutely frozen it's the end of
May it's supposed to be hot summer
starts in a week and a half I'm frozen
right now this is outrageous and I've
already like seal packed all of the
winter clothing so they're packed away
far away and I am NOT undoing that that
is outrageous so I'm gonna get some
drone footage today
well Bonnie's away I'm taking care of
lunch and I figured I'd make the kids a
nice healthy peanut butter sandwich for
lunch I added a little extra ingredient
is it good oh man it's like a peanut
butter cup between two slices of bread
he likes it sure he does I love it
I love peanut butter and honey but
peanut butter Nutella let's do good but
what's more orange okay an orange bug ah
you like this orange is symbolic really
hard to get lucky and it also pinches oh
they were gone from yesterday you almost
don't fit under there no more bud no no
put this ingredientes oh I'm taking this
that would be a negative but no jobs
nice calm now and vocal getting some no
golden butcher store
yeah Senor but you're getting that what
I'm going to get out what it's ever
evident get out whoa buddy whoa cool
your jets
pull your jets do you want one I give
you one
no oh yeah what I'm just gonna open up
more yeah
really oranges just grow on trees
another one fine you want another what
you're gonna get another one you see
gorgeous country we're or just wrong
oh it's the last one chubs I was more
for yes everything just not fun for you
yeah one more well good thing you want
one more because we only have one more
last one of us will share this wall
chair will chair
well you say share thank you thank
you
perfume it's the birthplace for you for
you for you good for you
seems like a fair split you can have one
are you okay every day the kids come
home acting for a treat or next village
I understand they've been at school
they're hungry and they've been asking
for treats and I said we are not getting
candy and this is all their crazy course
cherry we'll get some cherries okay and
pineapple but yeah okay look at it I
told the kids we have to go get flowers
and now all the oranges mean we have to
get a lot of melons outfit I got reorder
promise oh I think well let's let's do
this a little different look we'll
attack this a little differently but
we're going to get some fresh fruit so
that we're healthy I think Bonnie and I
just finally got sick of like junk food
whatever occasion are we've eaten a lot
of junk food and
just sick of it time to eat healthy and
just bend old in this stuff Elvis you
want its line so we're going to get a
watermelon and there's one way to tell
if the watermelons ripe or not and if
you don't know this is how you do it you
make sure somebody's looking so know
somebody knows you pound on it and you
act like you know what you're doing but
other than that that's it that's all I
can figure out unless there's a way if
there's a real way tell me what I'm
supposed to be hearing for I never know
what I'm supposed to hear leave it in
the comments I'm quite amazed that the
kids are going crazy over all the fruit
and they're not like glued to the candy
right now I'm really impressed and I'm
happy and proud right now the watermelon
cut up check all of our fruit ready to
eat check making hardwood floor angels
check doing what your big brother does
because you feel like it
don't that's you how about can we do a
little bit of this goal because like he
is you're seeing me again yeah that's
why it's such a good link and Roy you
officially broken it again for like the
10th time sick of fixing the bum ball
buddy all right the rule was tonight
that if you eat all of your dinner which
was really good steak stir-fry it with
roasted broccoli I thought it was really
really good actually but I told the kids
if they eat it all they let will dig
into the watermelon for dessert
but I got to eat at least all of their
broccoli and this guy struggling so Cody
and Olivia grabbed a piece of broccoli
off his plate help them out take one for
the team
take a good one
hurry eat it okay you get code get one
get that guy right there all of that I
want you to get all that good job but
Cody actually likes the broccoli which
is weird to me
because he hates everything hey Boston
you've got two more give dad one
look give dad one come on giggling come
on giggling come on thank him tight
Boston one more one more code you're
eating that little one to get it oh my
gosh okay good job we just learned a
good principle but if one of your family
members are struggling like that you got
to help them out
okay lesson for life mister Hawaii where
I want to be right now all right
watermelon for everybody watermelon for
everybody even for you
you can't put any more in your mouth you
see so you getting that drip edge guys
can you see that well we are going to
enjoy the rest of our night indulging in
some nice see this watermelon I kind of
like the seed is more related have any
let's see this watermelon nonetheless
and we're going to enjoy it then I have
a fat stack of dishes which is why I
chose to use paper plates for dinner and
everything because I got a lot of work
ahead of me doing dishes editing the
vlog and waiting patiently for Bonnie to
get home she sent me a picture of her
hair it is awesome is I'm trying to
close the vlog here happy that I'm not
going to be able to see this and off but
there is some sort sort of a bird of
prey in my tree and it's eating a mouse
it's caught a mouse that bird looks big
on the screen but it's really teeny
actually Mouse do you feel what you're
doing is appropriate he just so he's
going for the juice of everybody you're
ridiculous I know we've been putting a
lot of linking in a lot of stuff but
he's kind of at the stage right now
where everything he does is adorable
it's a disaster messy and a little
frustrating but it's like this spike he
just handed me though
he's going you got a little stuff right
there but I had a lot to get done before
the night was over
Olivia needed to be bait she's gonna
shower right now washing her hair and
everything
Lincoln needed to be changed and put to
bed he's done ready to bit and these
scores needed cleaned up and the voice
needed be in the Jami they've gotten
there Jani I left Boston to do most of
this floor and he did a really good job
Cody picked up the slack now and he's
doing the little edges a little more
delicate touch good job but I'm
impressed if you're vacuuming your
vacuum from now on okay I'm happy about
that so we are going to call it a night
finish up our chores and you guys have
yourself a good weekend if you liked the
video give it a thumbs up if you're new
to the channel do subscribe
and if you think you're subscribed
already double check double check
because everybody knows descriptions are
kind of getting cut whatever things to
change them a little bit double check
make sure you're still lettuces you
don't wanna lose one minute a polling
blog
