summer break starts and six days ish
well this guy is really pretty the
smells really pretty it's just not quite
the season it's a good thing Joel got
the grass played when he did holy cow
can you guys believe the snow oh so
crazy to me so crazy it's pretty it's
fun
I don't regret going to Hawaii for a
whole month not even in the least of
getting this cute boy ready he said he's
gonna try not to smile I was getting
this cute boy ready for school and he
was so tired when Jeff did you just need
to close your eyes for a minute yeah we
need to do haircuts big time it was so
hard to do your hair so you hate
haircuts don't ya are you just tired
yeah
okay well I'll let you close your eyes
and I'll wake you up when it's time to
go to school okay hi you say goodbye to
everybody oh that's cute we have the
older two kids off to school Lincoln is
down for a nap Boston is on his way to a
nap I'm pretty sure he's very tired we
have a really awesome sponsored video
today today's video is going to be
sponsored by hello fresh they are a meal
kit delivery service and I find it to be
doing this today because I have wanted
to work with hellofresh for so long but
I wanted to know for myself if the food
is actually good because when in my mind
when I think about like food being put
together and shipped to you I think of
like freezer meals like that's the only
thing I've ever known and I wanted to
know if this food was good
truth be told last night
I needed to take a meal over to Ellie I
wanted to take a meal over to my sister
and I whipped it up took it over I came
from and I was like no what am I gonna
have for dinner I was like I'll just
make up another one so I made up another
meal so fast so fast so easy
no lyin the food was actually really
good and I'm going to show you guys what
I mean okay first off they deliver your
food to
your doorstep in a recyclable insulated
box for free these are the inside boxes
that came and this is the one that Julie
and I are going to prepare for lunch
today the Persian spiced cauliflower
quinoa Bowl that's a handful okay it
comes with this paper that I love this
is one of my favorite parts it shows you
what should be in your box what it's
supposed to look like and then these
step-by-step instructions inside the box
in all your ingredients and I'm so
pleased to tell you that they use the
freshest ingredients they measure the
quantities out perfectly for you to make
only what the recipe requires my eyes
are burning rather yes
should I just leave your baby I'm so
sorry
first one hashtag sorry not sorry
here is the final product these meals
are designed to take 30 minutes or less
to prepare and while Joel gets our place
ready I will tell you guys for $30 off
your first week of deliveries visit
hellofresh calm and enter Bonnie h30
when you subscribe I will make sure to
have all of the information listed in
the description below if you guys are
interested in checking this out I wish I
would have known about this when I was
pregnant this would have made both of
our lives a little easier can you pull
me over
yeah wholesomer tell me when oh you're
pushing it when you pull somebody over
you go and then they stop and then what
do you do I'm gonna get out of your car
come up here oh sure license and
registration is it mister Helene oh my
goodness yeah like you're going to
reason right I'll tell you this that
works too boom
oh sorry oh that's uncool it pops my
dear isn't it
I don't think that's appropriate emily
bartson why do you want to be a police
officer huh why are you giving to
everyone in yeah oh my gosh you little
stinker I think you're cute you guys
want to say goodbye to dad before he
goes yeah a good friend of mine mom
passed away
bouncing viewing for hands and one good
friends like annalisa then kind of sad
yeah let me go no no no just go over
there I think it's really nice of you to
go and support your friend because it's
not like you guys ever really see each
other here only we've done anything
together for well I think it's nice
thank you son
not have fun subscribe safe will do like
Lincoln open for crimes I'm like I'm
gonna say goodbye to you before I go get
Harry because I don't want a place where
I'll be ready for winter conditions it's
freezing than me
it's called it's freezing right yeah
okay see you later
cloudy is getting the scissors Lincoln
is apparently that was not there two
seconds ago when I went to get this
flippin camera you know on earth these
kids is this so excited hey let go
excited right now Cody can you be extra
careful
Wow dope okay Boston don't hit the box
Olivia don't hit Boston you look they're
all the same they're all the same
they're lucky no you do so we are going
to set the volcano in let's see the
little picture in a mold you set the
picture up into our them the right class
and we'll make them all yes you put it
run in this volcano and then varnish
below no you have to put some exploding
powder you don't paint it you do oh my
god is love
volcano yeah you kind of have a plug
here don't yes uh last night La Boheme
and woke us up in the middle of the
night which never happened what Olivia
fine she just was complaining about her
but most you camping bubble I Plaza can
have a little cat house not while I'm
recording when I'm done then you can and
so we Joel I didn't know about this he's
like yeah
porcelain hydrogen peroxide in her ears
I gave her some Tylenol and I don't
think she has an ear infection she's
just saying that her ears plugged and
I'm sure it has something to do with our
traveling maybe I don't know what do you
guys think you guys usually have some
pretty good suggestions for when I don't
know
so plug here go you have food in your
nose your nose you got food in it on
your shirt
you have no her ear was like bubbling so
we read that you need to leave it in
there and wait for the bubbles to all
rise oh you can kind of see the bubbles
in there
it was bubbling like crazy and it still
is and it was pushing the earwax to the
top of her ear it was going down her
here and push even where I didn't mean
it I know all wipe it off oh my goodness
that was so cool so we weren't leaving
it in long enough hello
bubbles Wow okay lay your head down a
little further there you go I'm kind of
holding the ear up to open the canal up
and out anyway it's bubbling the earwax
out of her ear with hydrogen peroxide
huh
okay Lincoln I think everyone would like
to say good night to you come get on the
floor so Lincoln can say good night to
you guys oh come here
c'mere Boston Boston you're teasing him
okay can you say good night to everybody
oh wait your turn Oh bye-bye okay let's
go back you're going to crowd him you
back can you give Olivia hugs and kisses
we'll see if you can listen can you give
hugs and kisses
oh so nice can you give Austin hugs and
kisses oh you're being lazy just like
sitting down writing hugs and kisses ah
Lincoln so now can you give boxing kids
waiting give mommy kisses can you give
girls like detective laughing you're
being too overzealous okay can you guys
take a night to Kody Brown stop oh oh
sorry code all you get is a wave
are you scaling at me are you scaling at
me okay that's how we get hurt Lincoln
you're not being soft okay you animal
stand up and give Cody Ahuh gonna kiss
can you give Cody a hug and a kiss
goodnight I'm saying it to you can link
in the finish I love you boys so much
okay no your head Sam no talking okay
Boston turn around no talking I love you
so much oh no your head done
goodnight compete
oh good night to myself Wow okay Olivia
and love you so much you did so good on
the piano are you laying on your sore
ear and does it hurt oh why don't you
lay on the other ear turn it roll over
and it'll help you go to sleep too so
you're not tempted to come out and play
with all your toys okay
and love you so much good night baby
the house is quiet the kids are in bed
it feels so nice to have him in bed I
was able to get the dishes done while
they were watching a little show before
bedtime
and anytime I look at this light on
above my sink i just appreciate Joel's
hard work so much because I know he put
that lighted just for me anyway it feels
nice to have the health clean I'm going
to try and have this blog edited by the
time Joel gets home so that when he gets
home we can just relax thank you guys so
much for always watching our videos
giving it thumbs ups and if you're not
subscribed go ahead and subscribe it is
free and I'll see you guys in tomorrow's
video
