you say good night to Grandpa come give
me hug can I give me hug me hug big big
hug
okay you get your puppy dog okay good
job okay good job okay go get in bed
let's go get in bed
run run run run
that's been long dead pod room two rooms
over here there yet go put your doggie
in there yeah for him in there you can
land on good job okay
get into bed can you hop in there you'll
make it you'll make it you can do it you
can do it it's getting a little closer
good good job good job
your your learn to put yourself to bed
can i big boy no no baby boy hey you
sweetheart you have been so so good I
didn't have a perfect night he had kind
of a rough night actually yeah well
better than some of them but but he
coughed and and he was but he never
cried you never cried you were such a
big brave boy
yeah grandma come in and pat your chest
and then he would go back really I slept
right there I slept right there
so I can hear his every move maybe that
maybe he had a better night than I
thought maybe I just heard everything
huh
Lincoln has just loved playing and then
the window and it's playing in the
window today it's because it's so sunny
outside and it just feels so good to him
you've got a little cool breeze but
you've got to heat and he's been here
all morning long playing in that window
show me money hey hey mama
yes sir pretty mama it's a pretty pretty
mama
I've been trying to capture him doing
this for you guys like three or four
times because he's constantly getting up
here and pointing to his mom and dad's
picture and I finally got to capture him
next yeah yes grandpa
oh yeah did you hear that he said Bo I
heard that he said Olivia love gap I
don't yet I am so excited I tried to
catch her hey Lincoln I just got home
from town and he's hungry
we were headed into the house he decided
he wanted to stop and play and now he
doesn't want to get out so we thought we
would have a little picnic outside in
grandpa's garage and drive before razor
are you hungry Lincoln are you hungry
are you hungry it's okay oh you want to
have all by yourself
okay will you do that with your net
we've seen yet fridge fries and chicken
nuggets for a little boy become a Holden
oh wow
Ethan and drivin eatin and drivin little
bit of dirt doesn't hurt a french fry no
I really probably shouldn't show you
this I'm going to anyway I don't think
he's ever had pop but this kid really
likes it like it don't you
it's a good is it good
but don't tell mama Kay okay don't tell
her don't we won't tell her we can Roy
should we go down to the yeah look at oh
hey Lincoln k jo go change your name go
down to the sheriff's office
it will change your name the name will
change it to Chad Lincoln whole lane
judge you that yeah yeah now you can do
that we'd never get to babysit again
well done
take Lincoln are you gonna go to bed and
dream about driving yeah
whose ass new game
I've just thinking that I know that we
filmed this for everybody sometimes to
save a little money until I put this up
for everybody but what I really want is
say a few things to Lincoln because
someday someday he might look back on
this here and I just want to tell him
how much fun he was in this week oh you
have here in our home he's dead dull and
I mean it's been fun it's been fun to
watch him rather the water and run
through the grandma's garden it's been
fun to watch you play in your razor just
I mean you can just follow him around
all day long and be entertained and I
just wonder sometimes when he's running
through the gardens ran out through the
water I think what is going through his
mind what's what you try to think what
is it what does he think anything what
is he thinking he's thinking it's huge
yeah
everything is big to it and I don't know
I just hope I hope that you have good
memories of coming to Grandma's house
and I hope all the grandkids have good
memories have come into grandma's houses
and I think about why I want that and
it's because I have such good memories
going to my grandma's house yes and it
was magical when I went to my grandma's
house it was like stepping back in time
of 100 years and this was 50 years ago
and I know that we don't have Corral's
and cows and sheep and all those things
that my grabber and those things that
were that made their place so unique but
what I really hope is that the kiss
at least have a feeling and that I guess
it doesn't matter where you live or if
you've got Corral's and horses and cab
it's just feeling it's just a feeling
and like a big booth but I want you to
know that because one of these days
you're not going to be a baby anymore
you're going to be a grown man and
grandmas gonna be old and then you're
gonna say oh she looks so awesome job
anyway I don't know what you're in yes
Thank You Bonnie and Joel for letting us
watch your little one and trusting us
with your little one and I love it I
love it when when the kids when the
grandkids come and I can have a little
one-on-one with them really I remember
laying my grandpa's house grandpa
Griffis up in Clarkston he would he
would come in from working on the farm
get lay down next to the heater vent
well if where it was blowing hot air and
we just love to you know crawl up on top
of him and lay down on his back you know
and just see you know just there'd be
you know three or four of us just
crawling all over my just trying to help
hi oh yeah trying to rest and he just
yeah he endured us but you know it it
goes from one generation to the next can
you say thumbs up if you liked it or you
say bye bye say bye bye slinky bye bye
