good morning you guys I am just leaving
my hotel for Emmet it's like 12:30 maybe
1 o'clock don't take the kids out
swimming this morning and I am just
coming down for some breakfast by myself
and it's gonna feel so good to just sit
and quiet and just listen and I just won
and we weren't planning on vlogging
today and I don't think we will for the
rest of the day but I did want to just
tell you guys that I am very aware that
I wouldn't be doing the things that I'm
doing if you guys weren't watching and
supporting us and liking our videos and
doing all the things that we asked you
to do when you watch and we really
appreciate you guys and I just wanted to
make sure that you knew that and I loved
running into you guys and seeing you I
wish we could have seen more of you but
it was wonderful when I did get to say
hi and see you guys face to face so
thanks for watching before we get going
we want to officially say goodbye to
Disney California Disneyland you guys
can you say goodbye we're going to be
going home is that sad to you guys yeah
we've been here a while my president
ieveis okay guys
yes when we get home we will do a
volcano science project okay say goodbye
to Disneyland everybody
we are ending our vacation the way it
started we are back on the plane did we
all have fun are we dying as parents a
little something we're talking about
it's a lot of work getting kids on the
plane getting kids off the plane making
sure we all go to the bathroom but it's
worth it work work play play I'm on the
phone with Joel right now he had to go
back through security because who did we
leave on the plane our jolly
Olivia left her American Girl doll on
the plane how do you leave someone on a
plane I don't know anyway we left the
most important person on the plane
didn't we
but lucky for Olivia we have a one-year
dad don't we
our dad can basically do anything so he
went back through security yeah and he
is getting our member of the family hi
Olivia
I don't think that you are acting as
appreciative as you should to your daddy
you need to be ecstatic he went back
through security and got your baby
excited Thank You Reese well you should
have seen how distraught she was I mean
she was crocodile tears
but I did tell her to grab it it's not a
trip unless there's a some sort of
catastrophe at the airport which we
almost missed our flight people giving
to the one who's well here's the thing
you have to essentially I'm really
hoping that you guys artists isn't
cutting off of you our cameras out the
other one is being repaired they can we
have something for you we got do it fast
okay let's pull it out mommy used to get
it on because I'm in selfish that bag
look whit daddy won you daddy waiting
for you would you think this is not my
job
throw it in the garbage daddy wing it
okay I'll let you give that one
something and what else
Oh me either dry oh they're like crinkly
yeah they got a little little attack
wished right you know what you know
we're gonna have to do guys huh he's
never seen Dumbo so tomorrow after
church maybe we can watch oh why do I
need this little guy I got the big yet
hey Lincoln we're gonna watch Dumbo and
you're gonna see the Jumbo is he wants
me home you seem kind of Nod he doesn't
thinkin so soft their sausage Oh feels
so good to be back in our home okay
tomorrow's Mother's Day let's go to bed
good night anybody you went to Olivia
let me take them away so we take them
away
can't give one to Olivia one you're
right you're an ox is mine you hear
Bolivia one I'm going to pick these away
do it will need okay I'm going to take
him away
okay give one to Lydia give one to Lydia
okay he was doing earlier
show me give him back now you have to
give Olivia one give Olivia one oh no
take them away he went Olivia I think he
already gave everybody one and so he's
kind of feel like maybe no that want to
continue to share but I'm going to make
it gibble to be a 1 give them India one
for that time you take the back ok keep
Olivia mistreating me
oh ok bad way gotta get going
Oh Oh - for you one for him
ok come here Joe get on her hand wait
your turn signal busting each one needs
wonderful 3 thank you ok yellow ones I
want I want the yellow one on that
they're mine
Ok Go starts forbidding you're not so
did you not notice what your do you want
to give one to Boston I haven't here's
one don't don't no don't be greedy
it's your sister ok Boston each one you
want to Boston you win the Boston
okay not thinking you're not sharing you
want to Boston
no that's naughty you're the boss is
this one
no I don't want to know this good when
you go put it in your mouth now Lincoln
I'm going to have to get serious with
yet you need to give one to Boston
series one it is man but I'm wiping okay
there we go
yeah look you give one to Boston you're
going to Boston
give one to bond right where did you
learn that
Oh coughs coughs now give one to Boston
right now you want to Boston so you
don't get one to Boston right now
I mean right now I'm okay I'm going to
take your treats away give one suboxone
don't you eat that you give it to
Brockton and give it subasta no no don't
you teach that right now give it a
moment and you hang it worse you guys
this is so painful we're gonna give one
person don't be greedy be grateful you
got one but I okay or my big one with
him show me a mad face max thank you he
looked identical
he went i scrub in the wall
okay we're going to do one more mask and
then we'll say goodbye clip nothing yet
single for too long
I found the bag skills I said well can
you can share oh my god dolphin okay
home in Idaho generation yeah that seems
like that's why I was like a two pound
bag of those one time I don't think it's
a good idea
no I not really really have a mom hey
you can't do Jimmy come on okay Wow okay
let's show them the pie they made the
kids and I made a pie and I burned it
and I'm it's going to be just one very
tail about it it's going to be just fine
it still tastes good right here really
bad and then we're going to go over and
have dinner at Le so right now I am
making bubbles and some potatoes and
this and this is my mom potato masher
and I don't know if she got it from her
mom or not I don't know if she got it
from her mom or if it's anyway but my
mom gave it to me when I went to collar
you can see that the middle is like
wearing way down on it so I do try to be
really careful I use it and then I
immediately clean it and dry it and get
it away
so anyway kind of fun to think about my
mom she taught me how to make pie she
taught me how to mashed potatoes and she
gave me a potato masher and this is
where my place just she want me to say I
was just like so love us help me you
have to do everything in this entire
world that I know anyway so I'm grateful
for my mom it's Mother's Day and we're
trying to have a good day anyway so we
are going to go over and have dinner
Elly's house he's making a rope and I
don't have to well I can't believe it
the kids are all asleep bonnie is in
taking a nice relaxing bath while I
finish up editing the video tonight and
I think everybody has had a good day I
hope Bonnie's had a good Mother's Day
and help all of you mothers out there
have had a good Mother's Day and just
know how much we appreciate mothers in
this world and how much they really mean
to us and how much their role is
important to us we wouldn't have
anything without them I promise you that
so happy Mother's Day to all of you
mothers and hopefully you guys have a
good start to week we'll see you guys in
our next vlog and if you liked the video
give it a thumbs up and if you're new to
the channel subscribe we'll see you guys
you
