it is inevitable that anytime we have a
big day out any kind of vacation plan
anything somebody in our family get sick
Olivia I've gotten a pretty good cold
right now Lincoln is on the mend finally
but so it's that many people are family
somebody's always going to be sick so I
have to go off premises to up store so
there's no like pharmacies or anything
around here so I've got to make a
half-mile trek out half-mile trek back
get my exercise in for the day and then
go walk around Disney all day
I'm so happy right now when I left I
left with Olivia dressed Cody in Boston
completely dressed and ready to go for
the day and now that I can see them
Olivia is completely Jane he's in her
princess dress and the boys have their
sword shield it looked like spirits are
still up come it's not feeling very well
and I'm just so happy that's like the
sweetest thing ever see look at that
cute little family right there bonnie
bonnie bonnie i watch your channel all
the time she's changed shoulding the one
her daddy is here and to CBS this
morning and got Olivia all the medicine
that she needs so hopefully she will get
feeling better I told her I was life as
long as you put your princess dress on
it might make you feel better and I
think your help putting your princess
dress on I'm sad I'm like ticked off 56
because she doesn't really early and
weigh the part the way she normally
would oh I'm sad for her
we're here at carnation cafe Emily got
us reservations here so we're going to
go in and get some brunch
I guess it's good say oh my goodness I
brought us to the wrong place so we're
eating at the Blue Bayou for bro lending
right and yes Emily so excited and that
is where we have reservation for dinner
tonight so now we need to book it down
Main Street
what could you imagine really your Main
Street and if this is like how many
people were normally out and about that
would be so cool refreshment corner
super cool oh my God look how cute this
shop is you guys
oh my gosh everything here is perfect
everything here is a dream okay so this
is where we're eating lunch this is the
Blue Bayou this is so cool it looks like
the nighttime it is so early in the day
and this completely changes your
atmosphere it's a cool feeling in here
you can feel the breeze and then one of
the coolest rides goes around here and
so we'll be able to see people going on
this it's like calm quiet ride you can
kind of see the fireflies over there oh
my gosh Emily people are like literally
going on their rides
absolutely dream this is a dream in here
are you kidding me this is so cool
laughter oh my gosh I am dying at this
place Wow so fun best idea Emily this
girl
I think it is safe to say Olivia's up
there doing a little dancing I think
it's safe to say that she's feeling
better the medicine has definitely
kicked in and I think that she's doing
much better because there's no more
tears oh look at this girl Diaz are you
feeling better I'm so happy
Olivia oh I'm so happy you're feeling
better we need to get some medicine and
food in her in yesterday's vlog you guys
in the comment section did confirm that
they do have some tiny games in here and
that mostly what this place is is like
for penny Snatchers oh and we're going
to try this again because last time the
cubes ruined the quarters that we
smashed for the pennies we'll try it
again
I don't know why I feel obsessed with
these I just I did it once when I was a
kid mess I was the coolest thing and I
still have mine you guys I think I did
mine maybe in Canada or something Penny
Arcade all those four clips like story
story though the pigeon is gone in there
look like every three some guys because
singer in it and then at the end is sad
the same any boy new man he wasn't
speaking and
come on
is it shocking you
is that
okay seriously is it shocking you yes or
no knock it off knock it off y'all knock
it off stop it was that oh I was like
that can be real
I know believe me I know
enjoying life hold on don't ever let go
don't let go
okay is it shocking you coding now if it
electrocute you
they do have a hospital here okay so you
tell me if you think it's electrocuting
here
all the way up there you're often there
what does it feel like
shivery it feel shivery she was smiling
Olivia earlier of the sweetest moment I
look wonderful I let you try and whom
she was sweetheart in there
and you said earlier you don't like what
here's something that's yummy why I
don't like that yeah oh come on big guy
they've been looking for you often oh we
passed you by
thanks Dale oh I was just gonna pull the
camera out and say that and boss is
dragging me all over the place I'm ready
to cry because you see Dale not because
we're Tennessee fail because you're the
one who's hurt you miss Qi oh is he
wanting to see jail he got a plea deal
here then - it's just and Dale are
around are you just excited to see jail
you guys Boston is the cutest he has
kissed every one of the characters and I
feel feels really crying but he is kiss
and hug and love are the keys right here
I can see him in like my hair oh are
they going oh they're playing various
there is he already said hi he wants me
to say hi he was dragging me around
cause he wanted me to say hi oh
oh my word boys and they're so sweet oh
my god Harry can you hold that for me
and just just it's work okay he's going
gonna come out of the picture oh thank
you so much
okay bye Jeff okay let's go say hi to
champ you see boss and he won't stop
hugging him oh look look look he's got
your hand out for you
since yesterday was our heavy-hitting
ride day we've kind of taken it easy
today I even took Boston and me went up
and took a nap today Bonnie took the
other kids around for a few rides and
now everybody's still tired so we just
finished dinner at the carnation cafe
which probably the best meals I've ever
had in my life now we're going to go
swimming enjoy the rest of the evening
and we will see you guys in the next
video if you liked the video give it a
thumbs up if you're new to the channel
subscribe to check out the rest of our
dizzy adventure
