Joe's already like to work out and I did
not sleep
this morning we're heading over to
Elly's to launch our new clothing line
folly I can't even believe I'm saying
that a lot I'm a nervous wreck I'm like
I'm a hot mess
I have unrealistically high expectations
I have unrealistically low expectations
I just I've never ventured out into this
type of an adventure and then just I
don't know what to expect and I think
that's why I'm nervous is because I do
not know what to expect I hope people
are excited when they see it I think
it's like amazing but you know it's just
natural human nerves to feel doubtful
but like on the other hand just so
excited I can't even stand it I will not
throw up I will not throw up all right
oh dear so that's how you put your
church clothes away yesterday okay um my
sweater
you take your jammies up and put your
sweater in you can bring Superman pants
socks and and belt
not these socks people that usually
helps me put belts on so does that mean
you want me to help you put belts on I
sure do you want me to help you put your
belt on
Wow I'm going to exceed your belt so
many dancing like that he's like I don't
know but it's your problem figure it out
oh it should wear a hat so I don't have
to your hair got my snow boots on
because it snowed all week long the
Suburbans in the garage you claim in I
don't know if it looks as cold as it is
but it is ok they said hi and we're
extremely excited two seconds ago now
they're just staring at each other hi
guys it's been a minute so freaking
nervous that's what I've been saying all
morning your eyes are just as res night
he's like I didn't sleep very well like
I was like I want to look pretty but
this meet you I'm like I'll stand here
and beat my face you're so cute to me
breakfast this is so fun guy here
delegative flippin cake
and happy birthday dear Bali do you want
to know I had I envisioned myself like
buying myself like a diamond ring from
chicken do another round go get it from
the closet le go get it I know Smiley's
waiting for a go get it from the closet
and I was like that we think we love you
know your sisters cuz I thought the same
thing not diamond that's like I'm like
and then you know the imagination gets
going in like maybe I could get like
penny and diamond she's gonna follow you
Jared I'm Joel need like a matching like
dude rings and Tiffany's no nothing
extravagant here I don't have any more
money leads we if you like to wish us
good luck and the numbers are just like
moving it's just they're just I'm just
so excited but you are so full of love
because I'm fall in love for you well
and I am very grateful but you there
you're sweet I'm just such an emotional
freak it's been an insane year and
that's why it's like
really just worked our guts out and like
I just I'm so excited to see everyone's
reaction that's all I'm on I just wanna
see everyone's reaction Jolie get here
y'all he's showering after he worked out
I'm like you really only go out if you
want to eat at so I will do you can
someone hand me a different battery over
there it's easier we are going live in
just a few minutes
Julie has requested to follow us your
sister it's like I will just tell you
this if the two of you are going to have
some type of mom talk show I will be
there for it oh we're going to get one
sale and I'm gonna fall in Rexburg Idaho
you guys we love you
boy you are my friend
June you got three minutes during this
past year everybody has had their job
and there's been a time Urbani Joel been
working non-stop and crazy hours and
then there's times where Jared and I
have been working on our end and right
now it is on Jared there's almost 2000
people on our website right now just
Texas I'm so excited today but your
hands to ideas stomachs full and
butterfly yeah eight orders already what
my gosh I love the name I want it all
that wasn't all we are so grateful and
excited for these orders we have Aaron
and Jordan and Noel leis because Sondra
Alicia Dube I just
you'll never make it for dude perfect I
will be on dude perfect I'm a liar we've
had the most amazing morning exhausting
morning we're celebrating elevator holy
hey doesn't that look so great
Jackson obviously thinks oh it's great
all of our cousins have been posting our
web site in there it just means a lot
coming for my family we're celebrating
the cake you guys to get to use that a
spoon this one much too good for
children my blood like chocolate eat say
this is like the cake really actually
fabulous Ilya it took me forever to make
it did you survive today Joe it's not
over yet it is not already phone's going
off text messages galore like our heads
are swimming and after we literally we
spent hours in front of the computer
just watching the borders being made and
answering customer service emails and
just going through thousands of comments
between our YouTube video our Instagram
our Twitter our family and friends
calling us and it just hurts like right
here and facetiming us like just oh yeah
like our heads are pounding and you know
like it's an emotional high
we have been so beyond thrilled
like just beyond thrilled and I don't
know we haven't eaten today like our
nerves have been - in a ball that we
haven't Ian so I'm like okay get over
here we are eating we are celebrating
our opening of volley with a little
Cafe Rio we're gonna sit on the blanket
we're gonna watch what shows do we got
let's just see what we've got on the on
the boob tube hey we have some Alaska
the final frontier
okay so we got Chicago fire we watched
Chicago PD I do not watch Indiana Jones
all right so Chicago fire it is fire it
is
do you hear do you guys hear my phone
that's literally what it's been the
entire day and I'm not complaining
oh my phone's been doing it I'm just
like it's it's just so time-consuming I
just love seeing that screen wait a
moment wait wait a moment what you're
getting you're not gonna be able to open
let's just wait a moment do I make you
have that fun pot at all whose choice is
it that you have that choice sometimes I
question my choice all I can say right
now is thank you thank you for your
support thank you for your love I have
never felt it so strong we love you guys
thank you and we'll see you tomorrow bye
