oh hello hello baby are you ready to get
out are you hungry
you slept super good last night you were
a good
where all of our cartoons are made all
of these since like the time so this is
kind of cool you can now say also that
you've now seen everything the London
movies
I don't know this rel is their real
family they are really no only real
american heard you were here too because
a few moments to pop in some respect I'm
good
si sneaking out that not Walt's office
to fit right here you
talk to honey
I am saying hello to you guys for the
first time today and it is 6 o'clock at
night
we rode rides all day long today and I
just thought you know instead of my
vlogging all the rice I want to pump the
night light because usually we vlog all
day and then we get to the night and I'm
like okay I'm done the nightlife here is
really pretty and fun so I thought I'm
going to want the evening that way you
guys get it tasted like the nightlife so
we came to French market for dinner and
I thought it was a really fun place any
place that has live music is going to be
fun hey should we go find daddy here
come on no we don't have to go anywhere
right pull my hand the scope this go are
you kidding me you will think he cried
almost every single time we had to go on
a ride and then by the time we got off
the ride he was smiling and laughing
because maestros
is so tired from popping and smiling I'm
like okay my favorite do you know one of
my favorite things about today was was
meeting a bunch of viewers you know
needle punch yeah
and over the course of the days that
we've been here going to be here until
Saturday Saturday afternoon we've met so
many of you guys and that's what's so
fun funds we meet live we do alcohol I
love it though we changed our mind and
came to a different place for dinner and
I think I'm going to like it more
because the music isn't here my head is
pounding which is probably another
reason why we don't blog in the evening
so we decided to come to jolly holiday
bakery cafe the house is pretty and the
tents are pretty and the chairs are
pretty and it's nice and quiet and the
food looks like and more fresh here so
we're excited he's here
did you see the stained glass he knows
he was saying fast good look pretty
do you know that one of my favorite
movie is Mary Poppins and I love jumbo
and I love Mary Poppins yes I do
Mary Poppins opposite will focus on it
oh there it goes
those are really pretty I am trying
really hard to refrain myself right now
because that flourless chocolate cake
looks great oh man pineapples I got
monkeys definitely I really want to try
to sow some grew to cakes I don't know
if I wanted one you want it Olivia's had
a long day can you guys tell her face
just a little longer okay but seriously
Cody has the right idea if any of you
guys come to Disneyland all I don't even
have to name of these okay these oh
they're called MANOWAR's they are the
vesting and where there's coconut and
therefore know that their firmness like
April last night like we're going to bed
I don't even want to all how many
calories there but literally there's a
dude obsessed it becomes a Disney might
have to try that so I got the caprese
sandwich
they all got grilled cheese and tomato
basil soup I don't have much to say
about the day I just feel like when they
say that Disneyland is the most magical
place on earth I believe then you feel
that way it's been really fun pepper to
go into everything behind and up front
did you feel like it was special
community characters you guys I don't
think Olivia feels well do you not feel
very good she kind of feels sick this
has been a lot Mickey that was so cool I
just got me really curious being the
kids need him and he's so excited I see
if you could bring your kids at any age
to Disneyland my most ideal age would be
for a four and a half four and a half
not usual could be like BP because they
think things are real
you know it's magical no matter what age
but four and a half yes last night when
we were here we met my brother who
happened to be in Disneyland same time
and I'm wearing his sweatshirt which is
why it's ginormous on these my bigoted
brother but we stopped to get some
churros
Bonnie's picking up Kong candy for the
kids Charles not enough it's never
enough I am a cheerily
and Carol called I see time ago yep
he can't go up worried about these facts
no you can't you can't get a bellyache
if you don't eat it come on
okay the parade hasn't started yet and
we are walking where the parade will be
so I kind of feel like we are the parade
these people don't know they came to see
you Oh everybody you guys waste
everybody the kids keep begging for
these balloons
oh and y'all just ran over my focus
stroller that's magical oh oh I think
the lights are magical and Main Street
in Disney is magical oh I love it and I
like crowds
I think crowds are fun hey and that's
perfect timing we just barely met up
here I'm hoping she's blogging yeah she
thinks you buggin my god this was fun
you guys I don't even know what to say I
just want to like point the camera and
show you everything that's going on
are they pretty that's pretty
so Penny Arcade great is the Penny
Arcade really penny under loving and I
want to I want to say it looks like a
handy oh you can tell the newbie here we
are walking up the steps of Main Street
train station and we were able to snag
some really awesome states because we
have a food connection so this is the
train station and I've had to ask a
million times I'm like no wait where are
we where are we sitting this is a train
station and this is our view from up top
and we met the camera guy of nerdy
nummies okay great
the parade is about to start kids are in
their attire we've got hoodies on
Olivia's resting in the car seat we've
done a kid count we have all the kids
you know how many times we've done a kid
count a lot you're going to kick tail a
lot and sometimes that number comes up
heart and you have eyes kids where
computers into the background yes and
we're not naming names
we need to won't do that we will point
anybody out one they're just counting on
ya you wanna write a somebody'll hangry
you are being so lovey you got a humongo
nap today okay just for a better start
soon
because these kids are getting a little
out of hand
okay not out of hands are being just
fine but they want the parade they want
afraid to start during the day and the
lights have turned out what I've been
paying attention and watching is how
they slowly turn off light one by one it
felt like all at one like pandemonium or
whatever because then they get rigid
casting it slowly every now and again
one or more due to turn off real slow
you never give it you can get a notice
with all the lights off pretty Clark it
doesn't fit you know can I let it fit
you can I see what it is that bracelet
were you trying to put on Kate oh you're
trying to put her in jail with it okay
when we asked not as soon as I thought
it was
today was a huge awesome day and we are
closing it
Joel still has hours of work ahead of
him so he's gonna look real fresh in the
morning we probably are going to take it
a little more easy tomorrow that's all
that's like a lot of miles on I see how
many miles you could put on are for you
Lisa you think I wish we were attracted
okay thank you guys so much for watching
if you are new to our channel subscribe
and yeah
