good morning you guys I really wanted to
have this like magical moment walking
into Disneyland for the first time so I
wasn't thinking on our leaving time of
the hotel thinking oh we have an
appointment at 9:15 whole Eve at night
no we should have lucked it eight
because of the life is tough I just I
wasn't thinking I I'm a complete idiot
and I'm missing every day we have an
appointment we are hurrying to get four
appointments we are here there are rides
on the other side to that carousel
straight through we made it oh my gosh
we're running we were running yes you
know what I saw
I was like if our point is at 9:15 I'll
leave at 9:00 so we're going to Paris at
night or Emily and I brought you and
Kate and the boys they're all we're
going to do like a dress on like this
mom
yes Olivia so tell her what they're
going to do okay there's your hair and
nails hair makeup nails and you get a
wear dress you get to pick out whatever
dress you want Olivia's going to get her
hair and makeup done and they're going
to do your hair - they're going to do
your hair and they're going to give you
a shield and a sword like you do it does
that sound like fun
my hair you don't want to get your hair
you like it down in your eyes and you
just want a shield and a sword okay so
this is the dress you chose I think that
that's a wise choice she really wanted
to do the T on a dress so she wanted her
hair to kind of match right and you
don't have really dark hair so you
wanted to choose a lighter one did that
make you nervous for a minute she was
having a really rough time trying to
decide with me and Emily or over here
like we don't like the choices our
daughter chain in the dresses and all we
want them to do is wear the dress we
want them to win expected what I wanted
her to wear over a you know I guess
either into it were convinced I want to
live you to be in the Tiana dress so bad
cause it's so pretty if you don't want
one you get a sword and shield you're
after you're excited I'm not getting my
hair stylist yes you are
yeah beautiful more your lighter get a
glass containers oh she did choose that
one Jesse no oh
so far you're lookin sizing we're gonna
have a good old-fashioned walk-off need
to go first
okay ready oh oh oh
you tryin to have a rock I thought that
I saw that but wicked sharp but you can
act
milady glitter sparkles no you're not
messing it up here
I want to mess it up no you're not
messing it up you see sweetie do you
believe you get to do this I am so
excited yes this is so fun and literally
Emily arranged all of this
you did everything you know I'm so
excited oh we like nobody hates it but I
think Austin's excited and you're just
happy to be here aren't ya oh Willy just
pick up pick up the scraps off the floor
and just sprinkle it in
good jump okay now that research and all
the journal area pretty
one there all right the boys are cutting
the bunnies thank you boys are busy so
you're dragging yeah yep every one way
Henry dragon so don't really plan
because we don't want him to cry for the
picture let's go let's go right and my
young hero can you protect us make sure
no probs or dragon Chinese or dear
princesses yes
No
you
are you protecting me no dragons get him
I want to make sure he's nice and happy
birthday party I was a little nervous
coming to Disneyland with Olivia being
almost eight I mean I know that it's
still magical and fun for her and I was
just a little nervous when she's been
singing and I've been trying to catch it
she's gone embarrassing so I've I've
just been nervous of won't being as
magical for her and then she was young
but I think he really loves meeting all
the princesses
I still love meeting the princesses so
if it's magical for me it's going to be
magical for her so I thought that was
really fun that was that was like life
bucket list right there
all right we've hit a few rides this
morning after the princess dress up and
knight in shining armor dressed up now
we're at Ariel's Grotto getting some
well-deserved lunch flash breakfast for
us it was a little bit of a late morning
rush morning and everybody's happy but
now we're going to get some lunch and
enjoy some Ariel time don't blow the
scene we got here and we have a
reservation and and once we had sat
forever
once we had job forever with our pager
she's like okay now you can go get in
line and we're like we have a
reservation issues like that your
reservation
we stand in this line were like nobody
is standing in our lives
yeah 30 pickets drill what is it I love
that Cody and I love that Cody is just
as excited as Olivia or more or more to
do space no light I'm excited for Olivia
what the princess afraid I contacted me
and smiled and I was like
awesome
we're going to be characters right now
yes they're going to come say hi to us
yes he thinks that we're on a boat we're
sitting here watching the kids we put
them it was Bulls idea we put them on
this side of the table because we wanted
to keep our eye on them and we wanted to
just figure and look at the video and we
can't get over it
I just I can't get over it so so good
sitting out here they have heaters on
and we have a cool breeze and the
princesses are coming
my skin should be scared
beautiful she was gonna hug Boston and
Boston burped reiner face and she goes
aw did you just burn I think just like
had this dumb look on his face like oh
yeah and she's old good you got it out
the kids are not actually asleep they
are having quiet time I told the kids if
you do not sit and be quiet for five
minutes while dad runs upstairs and put
the few things in our hotel rooms if
they are not quiet and stop talking for
five minutes
move upstairs take a nap for like two
hours now he's dead flippin serious my
brain needs the quiet my brain needs
the non-active way I just I just have to
have just a minute so this is where
we're going to end the vlog we are on
our way to a parade in five minutes we
can catch that we're going to go over to
the parade and we're going to be pho and
Emilie over there thank you guys so much
for watching this and being a part of
our journey I have run into so many of
you guys and I love it I love it thank
you guys so much for stopping me and
saying hi and I just I just couldn't be
happier thank you guys so much for your
comments and your thumbs up and your you
know being subscribe to our Channel it
just means so much to us so if you any
of you out there that aren't subscribed
want to follow along and have fun with
us go ahead and click that subscribe
button I love you guys see you tomorrow
bye
