you and I we need to discuss something
so back in December do you remember in
this video right here we were working
with Park Sabres and we planned a trip
with them for this coming week what I
didn't realize is that I'd never put it
on the calendar space to my brain just
thought it was so far in the future well
in the meantime I went to Hawaii
had an amazing time fell in love came
home and demanded that we all went back
which we all loved well you didn't
realize that the two trips were so close
together I feel embarrassed and
ridiculous that we went on a month-long
trip that I was thinking was going to be
the only thing we did this entire summer
and and that was going to be our thing
well normally that's what would have
happened but I do have this trip coming
up with the kids where can you go to
Disneyland and I'm so excited and I want
to be all enthusiastic but in the back
of my mind all I can think about is I
cannot believe you are changing just
like everybody else and you're going to
be traveling and you're going to be
doing this I don't plan to I don't plan
to I'm doing me we're doing us and I
hope that you guys can understand where
we're coming from and then you don't
judge us too harshly okay oh got that
off my chest
we're good to go the kids just got home
from church and I told them that we've
got some to talk about right now Olivia
wants know if it's a good or a bad thing
so are you feeling just a little nervous
maybe what I'm gonna tell you okay well
did you were you guys good at church
today are you sure oh he wants us to buy
into look your ease your way into okay
well do you guys know how we've had our
piggy banks and how we've been trying
and trying to save our money to go to
Disneyland well I want you guys to keep
saving your dollars in there we're not
going to take your money out of your
piggy bank
we are going to know okay but I do have
one more thing to tell you come here I
take it your secret friend me we always
have secrets from love are you kidding
rigid mother no I'm not tricking I'm
really serious I look you guys he sees
you being all excited he wants to be
signed up on is leaning on me I don't
know what Lincoln is going to Grandma's
house yeah okay well I have one more
thing to tell everybody can hear come to
sit down now this part is very important
to me because we've been saving our
money for a long time to go to
Disneyland
right but lucky for us we don't have to
use those dollars that we've been saving
we get to use those dollars for
something else maybe whatever else we
want to
make a goal for to save our money for
the reason that you get to save your
dollars is because you work really hard
and making our YouTube videos right do
you guys help make those YouTube videos
and you guys it's sometimes it's hard
work and you have to sit quietly while I
record something or you know whatever
you guys play a big part in making our
YouTube videos too because you guys work
so hard at doing your part in the
YouTube videos you get to benefit as
well and so you get to save your dollars
still and Park savers is going to give
us to Disneyland mm-hmm and they're
going to cover our trip because we are
going to promote them in our video and I
think it's important that my kids kind
of know how this works a little bit and
so that's what we're going to do word of
mouth is really important we have a lot
of friends that have used part savers as
well so there's great reasons that we're
going with Park savers is because word
of mouth they have a good reputation
when they have really great rates really
great bundles and packages and they
constantly have extras that they're
putting into them which I'll leave all
their information below so you can read
about all of the packages met kind of
things and then also their customer
service for me customer service is
everything and they have really great
customer service so you know I'm go to
Disneyland oh the kids are all screaming
because we're going on an airplane
that's like weather most excited for
right now okay Olivia wants to bring her
American Girl doll and you can have one
personal item so we have your carry-on
you can have this so she has her pajamas
what else does she need that K what else
are you gonna put in your little baggie
mm-hmm
you know picking a ball or no a what oh
yes of course you can she has to look
good too you have everything that you
need yeah
are you just bringing just ah yeah made
um okay crash one foot Park back in
there perfect you reminder what get him
in there and I'll go get on my one bag
and I go
m'kay no we're not bringing Legos only
because I don't want pieces lost that
would be crazy
I can't okay and we'll care and we'll
carry and Olivia's Baguio look they can
be best friends
can I see what you brought so what is
this this is your Hulk sleeping bag one
of our awesome viewers made you okay so
you have your cars - that is awesome
she's in June gotcha and then what
oh yeah uh I was kind of trying to hide
her from you because I was afraid you'd
say no you're so welcome
I could scream - okay everyone screaming
no go oh you want to hold my hand oh
you're not going to walk with the stairs
until you have my hand okay I'm very
excited - I could scream too
so what we decided on is that since
Lincoln is doing much better and my mom
was just very insistent that she was
fine to watch the kids while our Lincoln
while we're gone so I feel very happy
knowing that Lincoln will be here in my
old home and with my mom and Olivia and
my mom are in here and they're going
through old seashells and I'm going to
have my mom tell you where the seashells
came from and why she has them well
these are really really old seashell old
they were using Olivia's great great
great grandma brought these home from
the I think it was Oregon coast but when
I was a little girl about your age I was
like Kevin do you have anything that I
could have that was yours and she
brought this little box out and she said
yep she says you can have this little
box of seashells I've held on to them my
entire life so I thought well that's a
neat things I let Olivia have because we
wanted to find seashells and we couldn't
find any in Hawaii could we I just find
a couple big ones and I was over there I
told Olivia when we get home I've got
some for you great great great grandma
Fisher and that's an easy way to
remember it because Fisher kind of kind
of goes with this kind of you know I'm
cute and I like the box and it's so
fitting to see these numbers because
that was on every paper in my entire
house growing up was numbers and budgets
and what I don't know what those numbers
came from but I think it's kind of
fitting that I am so happy for like
you've got my seashell
welcome later I have a fine everyone
more much more than you know okay
guys thank you for watching my babies so
much how much it's gonna be a fun week
okay okay okay
I be flying home early yeah if I had to
literally I will use a five year old boy
Adam and we know you know how you were
and that's what I think I'm like they
raised us we're good they're all good
Olivia we'll be right here
could you guys I know you meant to tell
me we didn't tell you say no you can't
know Nicky oh geez Angelo okay mom
didn't help you know I didn't tell my
kids you were coming so you are their
surprise did you know that you packed a
lot Bo so I saw me
you got anything so did you feel like a
circus the whole way here awesome we are
on our way to Disneyland with uncle Bo
my brother his wife Emily and then their
two kids Henry and Kate and I called her
Emma earlier and letting you believe
that okay we're on our way they have
some planes up the side that are having
trouble bending
anyway he didn't even look into castor
know the winds are too high so they
can't they can't take off any claims at
LAX we can't come down in down we gotta
stay here nice sad so we had to stay
here for an hour before we'll even know
where I was going to take on the minimum
I'm so happy Lincoln factor Oh Jolson
edit see he is editing I'm editing you
right now yeah okay we're off to play
now and we're still in Salt Lake City
you're only on the flight for about an
hour and a half hour laughs we're we on
the creature oh I'm gonna clean for
about an hour hour I'm going on at 4:15
it sticks there oh my gosh and they're
saying that there is gonna question
going for another hour and a half so we
got off the plane and we're going to go
let the kid stretch the legs and we're
going to find something to eat and we're
not in a pool mommy's dress up anymore
you can stand right there you're okay we
just got to our hotel room and the kids
are dependent in the place for the first
time thanks mom oh my god okay the kids
are seeing this light show for the first
time the part for the first time did you
guys know this is my first time to
Disney one - well we made it to our
hotel room we will show you guys around
tomorrow if you guys are not subscribed
go ahead and click that subscribe button
if you like this video go ahead and give
it a thumbs up and we will show you guys
all around tomorrow we are going to go
to bed so we have
for the morning dew that you guys are
watching life
you
