good morning everybody good morning
everybody good morning everybody good
morning everybody I am getting an early
start at the hardware store which is the
best place to wake up I had to come in
and get some screwed so we can finish
our second garden bed this morning the
first one is done well and now we've got
to put a sec on together get them both
sanded and then stain them and then I
got to get a dirt dug out and settled I
got a big project I mean I really want
it done before this weekend
just so it's done so I can get things
started get saw it started good I like
the qoj it's done quick when I start
them to a flaw I get a little bit too
overzealous case in point
what's doing cuz I'm gonna need a nail
for the eyes okay right here okay you
what home tie show me how to nail it all
the way that's enough to you nail now
keep going all day bud
I don't know my favorite part about
doing projects right now is the boys
without fail well pick up my tools and
start working together I just love I
absolutely love it it is a little
frustrating though when I walk in the
yard and I find my tools randomly out
there because they've been playing with
them that's a little frustrating and I
did the exact same thing to my dad and I
can't remember how many times I got in
trouble for where are my tools where are
my tools I am the reason my dad probably
doesn't have any tools anymore
they're all down in the sandbox
somewhere in his yard I don't even know
but I got in trouble all the time for
playing with the tools but I think that
fostered the kind of handyman that I'd
like to be now you know I don't know I
don't know but I'm proud as peach that
these kids like to play with the tools
but if you lose my tools boys you're
dead meat because you guys asked for it
I'm going to do it there were so many
good comments about the planter box that
I built yesterday and I had already
planned on building a second one anyway
but I figure I will do a little bit more
of a detail of what I did to build it so
it's case anybody wants to build one
they can build one anyway the first
thing I do is I bought Redwood because
it is rot resistant and with a stain of
the last for a long time so we bought
red foot and I bought 20 foot lengths
because I can take the 20 foot length
and cut it down dimensionally to what I
need it to be so I have three dimensions
that I get out of each 20 foot lengths a
twelve foot length a four and a half
foot length and a 16 inch length and all
of them get used in that process but
those are the four sizes I need until I
do the top
and the time it's taken me to get all my
wood cutting done
Cody his bill the teeter-totter look at
that thing he put that together yourself
show me it teeter-tottering yeah smooth
I love it that's awesome
damn right you're gonna build yours too
okay show me yours
this is Boston this one's awesome yeah
you can sit on yours okay that's Boston
cedar totter it's worth looking good
looking good
oh there you go yeah you can you kind of
can huh so we are busy underway I think
the neighbors probably think we're
remodeling again because I bought a ton
of wood and all they can hear is hammers
going all morning and it's all the boys
hammering everything there you go teeter
totter so now my plan is to start
assembling all of this part right here
and these before I cut these it's easier
to do the measurements of these top
pieces once this is all the way finished
or I designed it to just kind of work
out of a 20-foot lengths anyway works
great
don't cut my finger again okay I won't
it bled through last night actually bled
onto my pillowcase it was pretty deep
when I cleaned it out last night it was
really deep but oh well so all you do is
just line up the two pieces make sure
they're fit and stable and you screw
this to is to get it I use three-inch
grabber screws works like a champ baby
boy number three wants to come out and
join the crew I'm coming I'm coming -
yeah I'm coming - I think you like
because of your work around here ladies
my favorite thing about working in the
ours over the boys will come out at this
other thing or I've got the tools I get
a little nervous of him yeah I'm like
mowing the lawn or anything
Elijah's mountain play sense a man stick
with yes wander
how's it come in you brought dogs yeah
yep you can't have doggy out here honey
come here let me see your doggies let me
see your doggy right now are you serious
is that a teeter totter that looks like
the most dangerous teeter-totter I've
ever seen good it's pretty sturdy good
good
okay I'll turn the camera off and watch
my baby Wow I literally just had the
camera out doing like b-roll stuff yeah
that was awesome
I love you boys what about Paul can you
not love your mama I love lamp
I love lawn mower absolutely no joking I
don't know what I love more sitting and
watching Joel and my boys and then learn
how to work or being in Hawaii with the
kids it's both equally satisfying to me
one is like exciting and joyful but like
watching my husband work make like
improve making improvements hopefully
improvements that's through our house
boy
that would be insane you have to make
like quadruple our salary though in
order for that just yeah why can't you
just make triple your salary Joel um
yeah but watching the kids out here work
like my boys I just did not ever think I
would be a mom to boys but this is the
most rewarding thing I've ever laid my
eyes on
I mean Lincoln could work a little
harder but
alright now I'm on the last little bit
we've got the base assembled and now we
just do these these miter cuts you just
cut it 45 degrees on the saw and I make
them go a little bit past the edge
because that's I don't know gives it a
little bit more of a seat and a lip you
can kind of see on that one that what
I'm doing now
I've got them all cut I've got them
loosely set now I'll just screw them
down and call it done and then we have
the full final finished product again a
lot of f-words right there anyway it's
an easy project to do at home but only
took about 15 seconds still in time
that's amazing I mean what project takes
that little bit of time so go build on
today you just need to take a nap leave
lay your head down the kids were so good
today people can be soft with me saw
can't have to change from earlier and
low now you're thinking normally you're
hiking the kids sat in the bathroom and
they've been watching vlogs and making
messes with chips could Irene care cuz I
gotta get ready
they have been watching Beau and Emily a
fog this morning because they put up a
whole bunch of new ones that I haven't
seen which we were so excited about
watching we missing Payton hungry so we
were watching those in notes tonight
okay
can you all see you are debating
recording this and I'm like coming onto
my shroom getting him ready for a nap
but I don't care because soon it's not
going to happen anymore something happen
anymore
and this is a really special time huh
okay with me I'm sitting here in front
of the boys closet and I'm doing a
little bit of laundry and folding their
stuff and getting it all put away and I
thought that I would just pull a camera
out and Lincoln is still napping and
Boston is outside helping Joel do some
yard work still and and I just wanted to
address my Instagram post the other day
someone left a really really sweet
comment that just
so that to me and I posted it and I just
said that you know sometimes the
negative comments I don't like to
address the negative comments because I
get way too many good and amazing
comments to even address them so most of
the time I just don't but I do just want
to say that all those comments
it just it almost shocked me just saying
oh you know I get advice from you I get
and it's like I put my life out there
for you guys and I don't even it doesn't
even like register in my brain that
anyone is getting anything from it
sometimes I just do it because I would
have it or you know sometimes it's more
thought-out but I just it's weird
because I don't know you guys but I also
feel like you don't know me you see very
surface surface life from me and
sometimes I open up a little bit more
but what you see is very picked and
choose we we choose when we record we
choose what we keep in we choose what we
edit out and I think sometimes that can
be deceiving and it makes me emotional
because when people look at our lives
from the outside they don't see what it
really is
and I have a very good life I am very
blessed and I know that I have a
wonderful husband and not everyone has a
wonderful husband not everyone has
really good kids not everybody you know
and they say oh your your kids are so
well-behaved well they pay just as well
as any other kid if you say for real
like a doctor look it's and I do I get
after them a lot and I yell a lot and I
get mad a lot just like any other mom
and I can irritate it and I don't listen
when I should listen and I go to bed and
I'm really sad because I didn't listen
to my kids and I shoved him in bed
because all I wanted him to do is go to
bed and and you know it's just enjoy and
I oh my gosh we fight every single day
we love every single day we make up
almost everything okay but it's like you
know we have the exact same lives that
everybody else has and I think that
that's hard for people to remember I
know that people know that I mean
clearly
we don't show our full lives we have a
24 hour day and we show you 15 minutes
of it basically my whole point to this
is is don't look at us and think oh I
wish my life could be like theirs be
happy with your life and understand that
we just don't show you the garbage you
know I mean we pay taxes we fight with
our neighbors we fight with our family
members we you know just all the crap
that goes on in your lives you just
don't see that in ours because and I
compare it to this okay when I look
through my old family photos all you see
is all of us smiling you don't see a
pinching each other you don't see us
fighting you don't see like you see mom
and dad smiling at every single picture
I don't think anyone can think of their
parents not getting upset with them I
mean we they raised us certain good the
bad the ugly the pretty and the only
thing that's in the photo albums is all
of us smiling because that's what you
want to remember that's what you should
remember and so with vlogging I got very
similar with our vlogging we put out
there us happy and that's smiling it's
real when you see is happy we genuinely
are happy when you see a smiling we're
really smiling but we just don't show
you the bad and I don't know if this is
rambling I feel like this is important
though I feel like this is something
that's really important to share with
you guys
and same with you know when you look at
people on social media you're getting
the good side of them and I believe that
most of the times that that's a genuine
happy side of them we just don't see the
other side and that's what I think most
people focus on in their own personal
lives is that negative side you know and
so I guess what I want to say is I want
to encourage you to focus on the
positive we all have to deal with a
negative but just know that we have
negative - um yeah and it's funny
because even though I don't know you
guys it's important to me to like
consciously think about what I want to
share with you guys and anyway I just
hope you know that all of you have said
that I've impacted your life and I
really feel like you've impacted mine as
well and I think sometimes when we put
these vlogs out they are
therefore your entertainment and this is
our job and I am so blessed and lucky to
have this is my job and I didn't even
know that this is a possibility I don't
even know how we ended up here to be
honest it's like how did we even get
here who are all these people who follow
us and why but I'm grateful to be in my
position and I'm grateful for all of you
and I was loved talking it's like I just
felt like I wanted to say that to you
guys so thank you for watching and
supporting us Cody just got back home
from school and he is back at and he can
run in the house he said mom I got to
get to work and I said ok so he's
working
I don't have anymore so that is the
first planter box with the clear coat on
it and I'm more than happy with the way
that it looks because I was imagining it
was going to kind of take this a little
bit I'm so happy with the way that looks
I love it you've done such a good job
it's gonna go right this you can see
where Jolie dug out the first spot looks
good trying not to get a farmer's tan
he's all would it be weird if I didn't
wear a shirt so I keep my can I'm like
well I don't know why not i anymore
olivia hasn't been in a block at all
today can you find anything
I like we're going to end this vlog by
practicing the piano instead of recital
because olivia is working on a recital
and her recital piece is called melody
up spring or working on that army okay
so I say good night to everybody
good night and listen to my son cake go
ahead
keep on keep on keep on thank you guys
so much for watching if you enjoyed it
make sure to give the video what turns
up because that helps us out doesn't it
okay thumbs up for Olivia song perfect
we'll see you guys tomorrow I was
writing so we might see you on Monday
our vlog schedule is Monday through
Friday and sometimes we put them up
Saturday and Sundays but I think we'll
see you on Monday hi guys
