okay the climate change and the time
changes officially kicking our trash I
could not wake Olivia that Abed that is
so not like her she usually is like the
first one up in the morning and I
couldn't get her out of bed this morning
and it is almost 10 o'clock and these
little goobers just barely got up and
Lincoln is still asleep because he
didn't go sick last night Joe and I
didn't go to sleep last night
I have really craziest story to tell you
hectic I just have to show that Cody
wastes no time and getting back into his
holy jeans the day we got home he put
those bad boys on do you like ranked
shorts who hates wearing short and I
made him wear shorts in Hawaii the whole
time he hated it I love that's oh you
just like the blue kind of silky outfit
okay no stains on it yes and Blass is a
little cranky this morning but she woke
up and was so quiet and didn't wake up
Cody huh and it was sounds like you play
with quiet time twins I was so proud of
you for not waking up curry this morning
all right the boys want cream of wheat
so that's what we're going to go make
the time has come for me to try and tell
you of our real-life nightmare class on
the side um in all my morning face glory
I'm going to tell this story otherwise
it might not be in full effect first of
all it happened to Joel and then right
after without me knowing it happened to
me
and always because the windows were open
the temperature was just right we were
cozy and warm in our blankets I don't
know what it was I will help and I
thought I was in Hawaii I thought of the
Hawaii and I could if I could there at
night where I was but it was like I
thought I was in Hawaii I was looking
for our Hawaii room
yeah and I was really really freaked out
for like I promise is not it what's
where am I I didn't realize I was at
home I couldn't figure out that sounds
like hey and I can understand that for
jokes because when Joel wakes up in the
night time in the middle of the night he
was like confused and like all right you
know when I wake up in the middle of the
night I'm like oh wait I can see hair
like very I'm very with it in the middle
of the night and maybe because I've
gotten up with babies I don't know I
just think normally I'm just or
naturally I can just wake up and
oriented I'm not confused right after
that happened to Joel I was asleep
and I got up so in Hawaii our bed was
really tall and we would have to slide
out of bed and I kind of slid out of bed
and hindsight I knew that it wasn't as
tall as in Hawaii and that kind of like
woke me up a little and I have to show
you this next part every night when I
wake up to go to the bathroom I guess
I'm a little tipsy I always hold my hand
right here and I walk to the end of the
bed and then I go into the bathroom and
on my bed there is where is it right
here do you see that groove it got
scratched one time and I can't even
remember when or where but a long time
ago and so when I run my hand along it I
can I always feel that groove well last
night I ran my hand across that groove
and it was like I opened my eyes because
I thought I was in Hawaii too I thought
I was in Hawaii and when I ran my hand
across that I kind of tried opening my
eyes and I looked and I and I said out
loud I said wait a minute I had this
exact same bed at home and I was trying
to get my eyes cleared and I couldn't
and then my eyes were starting to focus
on these two lights and I thought I
those two lights at home I have those
two hearts a home when I walked over and
I said where am I
and I was I'm not at the time and when I
was scared and my face I could feel it
go numb
it was none and my tongue went numb I am
not kidding
as I looked over and I said oh I have
that lamp I said I have that lamp and
then and then I saw these I could barely
see the top of all of my perfume and I
said oh I know I didn't bring those to
Hawaii and I said Joel where am I
I said where am i I was I was I could
not remember coming home I was still in
Hawaii and so I thought this is a dream
and I got in bed and I sat down I sat
down and I crossed my legs and I said if
this is a dream that I'm not gonna feel
the pinch and I was drying my face but
my face is mom and I just feel it this
is a dream is it this is a dream you're
like buddy it happened here you know do
you remember saying that you're like it
happened to me it's you're okay it's not
a dream like until it all settled in
just fine I did freak out you were like
I was well and then it was like we
didn't go to sleep Lincoln didn't go to
sleep like he was kind of like off and
on crying through the night and we'd go
in and try to tell him to go back to bed
and it was like I would close my eyes
like the ocean would cry
my I was like wake up and then receive
shells crossing the sky was like I can't
be three minutes like really Masood
craving musubi and then I woke up like
thinking I was having min so
disappointed yes it was honestly nutso
what do you think he's doing he's like
sticking it was a Hawaiian like I'm
nightmare like a reality though because
I swear it was a reality like you know
when your hands dreaming half awake oh I
saw we were in Washington it was it was
was that not crazy
I think it was a mixture light in the
temperature that's what I think - oh you
got to see your sect I told you guys not
to happy yet fingers touch
honey you guys I told you not to have
those there's they're too frozen you got
to wait for they're ready okay we okay
another one hey children away yes this
is my attempt at recreating the
hairstyle that the girl gave Boston I
don't know what do you think I just I
can't do it
no because the steps were on the same
side of the part it was really hard to
fix box and hair like this I need a new
practice I need to like up my skill
we're going to practice on USA - you
should round brush this you wish you had
enough facial head around what did you
just ask me this quietly hand say is it
crazy hair day
no I'm trusting to round brush your hair
it's not crazy hair day you've it crazy
I think I'm going to redeem myself with
his hairstyle I think Boston has hard
hair that has a mind of its own I tried
redeeming myself and I just found all
six and a half
is it looks looks nice but it's not what
he had I'd if I don't know how to do a
Joel
he's coming let you work with mine yeah
anything but improvement let me see
you're still looking at home or in the
world I took a lot of Jewish I'm not
even done
stop judging I love to see I would love
to see and your hair was yes for sensing
all I can say is this is that worthy I'm
just kidding one wife smells great this
looks a lot better
oh no the cameras on you say I'm great
you should have seen this before like
two seconds I'm Johnny Bravo what else
they make old my hair really fast
oh my god okay this is like somebody I'm
trying my absolute hardest to make you
look nice just I think it's perfect it's
just kind of lay down a little bit yes
that would laying down a lot more like
this the body of it was good just
flatter make it lay down I just got here
you go down brother
no we're not going to get the comb wet
so you're making a stand back up Oh
spray it right where it is not going to
be what it is do you want to get them
off what did he have right here was down
it was not like no like yeah something
like that yeah
I'm never gonna be you didn't come all
the way back like that I am never cut it
the same never yeah those not to go back
to wow what a culture tension promote
know anything else you should have just
recorded it for documentary well because
I was keeping a one year old when
screaming and carrying on takedown looks
good
that looks pretty sharp okay now spray
it where my eyes and target
he paints it why are you here your skin
will be nice smell good
yeah Charles for a phone thing I solo
there's so much trying to get the full
view everyone well I'm a parent I go to
a pizza that's go getting up there man
can say hi he was saying hi hi I'm given
hug that was really sweet a month ago
they'll hit him and I want to go up and
sit in another tip on Thursday while
he's growing up well we came down to
Ogden to pick up some wood because we
are building a flower garden no not a
flower garden bed a raised garden bed we
pulled up to this lumberyard and this is
the train that comes through and Joel
was so mesmerized because it's the train
on the train track and that's how they
get there lumbers it just comes straight
through their lumber yard anyway I just
thought y'all was really cute out here
Joel is just all about this kind of
stuff you look at this you so happy
you're cute oh he's posing for us ladies
the workers like get down
I do ruby cringes that I call you boo
Ruby cringes when I call you boo Ruby
does yeah she's like oh it was fine no
bear boo boo oh yeah she's been so much
it started as a joke what I kind of like
it you just my boo baby boo boo
something you guys may not know about
George he's probably the most picky
person in the entire world ask his mom
he is very very picky he's very picky so
he has to pick his own what he can't
just get like a pile he wants to hand
select the pieces because in case some
of the pieces aren't perfect if you guys
start rolling away just tell me you're
on a train right now
you can see behind me Joel is halfway
done with one of the planter boxes and
it's going to go out Oh where's my
finger right pick this right there
that's where we're going to be putting
them we're going to fix up that garden
area so it doesn't look so it just looks
a little more tidy is what we're
planning planning food on the outside
we're going to plant food on the inside
of the planter box hmm
the kids did pretty well at getting all
their homework done before going back to
school and Olivia has been doing testing
Olivia how did your test and go today do
you feel like you did well do you know
how well you did you only missed two on
the test that's great
do you feel like you know what the class
is doing do you feel like you know
what's going on that's good that's good
that means we did our part that means we
did good on our homework while we were
gone we still have a little bit though
huh just a little bit nothing that we
can't catch up on right and I have to
play baseball though my project is well
underway this was one done but I had a
little bit of an accident and earlier
was a little scary Olivia yeah what do
you think when you saw my what do you
think code yeah same thing yeah I kind
of just slipped and drilled the drill
bit when I looked at the drill bit there
was actually like flesh in it
but it immediately started bleeding like
crazy this makes it look so much worse
than it was the part I am embarrassed
about not slipping because that's like a
work accident that's a that's a badge of
honor what I'm embarrassed about is the
fact that I had to go and lay down for a
second and just close the door I don't
know why I got instantly a little bit
nauseous I think I was more scared of
the kids seeing it because I don't want
them freaking out but I was like okay
I'm gonna go lay down cover my hand it's
just fine and let the sweats go away but
I was sweating like the dickens but we
are going to close the blog here and I
want Olivia and Cody to say goodnight
good night there you go that works good
night good night and if you guys like to
vlog give it a thumbs up with the
band-aid and if you knew the channel
subscribe and come see our new projects
were working on at home to see you guys
