don't you want to see beauty yes can you
say pinky oh you still have a tired face
torture oh honey you're just lucky pen
it's cold in Utah are we putting into
stress Oh
leave your sacrifice in the home don't
you take a long I know what you think
okay what you say
you want your job you say doggie
Jarett mom don't take keeping jacket on
oh okay did you see yourself in shall
read the whole thing
six per year peon let go for a minute
let you go and let go your doggie okay
severe turn switch hands to real future
roomie okay so guys if yep put her down
your doggie doesn't even have a name
it's just doggie oh I want your doggie
here we go Trouville friend your
brothers
huh they're all still sleeping
uh hi you want to see the back of the
camera yep just like this okay let's go
she will be some breakfast okay go go go
love you so he's like this is in my way
let me carry you that's what I thought
lay your head down see your head down Oh
none of this is Benny okay between the
camera you're having a very quiet start
to our morning we're going to have some
oatmeal
and bananas yesterday and since none of
us slept through the night week I think
everyone in the health took a five-hour
nap and we all woke up like feeling like
death still so the kids into bed about
eight o'clock and I had to wake Olivia
up for breakfast this morning and get
her ready for school she's like other
water go look like you're you have to go
to school
really yes are you looking at those
pictures and you woke up ready to
conquer today didn't you go breakfast I
can't stop talking so I can eat too
bonnie and i finally did it we broke
down and bought something that we've
needed for a long time I think something
that every household has we just refuse
to do it because they're expensive they
don't always work all the time they
cause a lot of frustration but it's
something I think we just had to deal
with and just bite the bullet off we
bought a printer and I really really
hope it works but I really don't want to
carry it downstairs I'm dying I feel
like I just have no breath up here like
in the higher atmosphere I don't even
know if that's real maybe I'm just lazy
but I feel exhausted please fit through
the door okay this is so heavy
whoop all stepping on track sorry huh I
couldn't see down the stairs when I came
down and that was to greet me a gate a
track in the car and it's feeling real
good on my foot
No and I noticed that my blow-dryer and
my round wash is out this is a huge
round brush or at least it's huge
compared to the one that decides that
Joel should be using for his hair
because I had to ring up Tamara anyway
I'm dying to see how gelled hair turned
out because I think that's what he was
doing with his hair did you do your hair
did you run Russia cuz you're wearing a
hat right now let me see I'll wash it
out oh here you go
I am so did you take a picture of it
well I saw I could see it
are you serious Joel wow that's a very
large not what I was expecting printer
what the heck that's huge
there's a laser printer humans like
written pretty sure we print like one
thing a month I'm seriously thinking
something half that size do they make
flowers digital one time five in no you
got your wings on got your airplane and
your pilot wings hi
okay I am trusting you I told Joel go
get a printer so I'm trusting you
I'm so glad you guys are home from
school and Olivia even brought me
flowers Olivia that was so sweet of you
thank you I mean you know a little more
I just wonderful Cody please show Boston
your new rocket I draw you just draw so
did you color that no I love my friends
in school she watches on YouTube
and my name's Cora we love Cora don't we
huh and she made it and she wanted to
give it to you
oh my god adjustable because the shot
goes over there next time we go
somewhere that has straws we'll grab a
couple for it okay okay okay remote
Destin you have to pump up my little
late okay it's heads they're not for a
little flat you know what or while he's
at it you have to pump up the wheels on
my suburban I noticed you had your
bracelet on code studio and see it or
notice it no it's okay all that matters
is you flies are growing chick at school
watching or and and 11 hours know what
sort well we all know it oh just a
minute John and it poses like one of the
cages that it did the egg happen oh it
will rise it if it stays in there very
well ours learn who you have to let at
Erin okay I have one last question hold
on I always grill the kids when they get
home like questions and comments or
whatever anyway I want to know I have a
serious headache from when Ocean at home
cause like I don't think to getting up
and going to school
were you guys tired did you headaches or
how did you feel did you feel fine at
school today you feel fine I am doing it
to do well the way you were sleeping on
the plane I'm not surprised
Olivia how do you feel you didn't feel
good the other day
I don't see this today as you're talking
this morning we can you know you you
woke me up and I saw a little fun but I
still had a headache yeah and when you
went to school it went away
yeah this is turning up so pretty okay
doesn't calling me when everything right
in hey guys I got good cookies about my
course I gotta have good footage with
your car yeah and I mr. coffee concise
way oh my gosh Seamus ha ha I love that
the car goes okay put it not on the
track here grab it and put it here put
it in the center of the track and send
it over to Boston like not on the track
yes in there here you go okay you know
blossom put it on the track put it on
the track no on the track you goofy boy
you know I lost and loves that because
it looks like a police car - I'm ready
cuz I love it - retractor oh I was drunk
do you like police officers oh yeah what
are you gonna be when you get older a
plain guy a pilot Olivia you said is
going to be a police officer and then a
doctor and then a pilot pilot pilot
plane Tony what are you gonna be when
you grow up you know bike riders Oh
always wanted to be a dirt bike rider
yeah Olivia where do you want to be when
you get older
come on oh it's if you could do anything
what would you be
I'm doing kind of that dog I was a
veterinarian
Olivia was watching a dog purpose
because it's the title of the movie on
the plane she was dying every time I
looked over at her shoes one who is that
why you think you want to be a
veterinarian yeah take your you oh
you're so cool
do you want to go see daddy yeah yes
what about you guys
okay okay
Oh Walker head looks okay why did you
pick those flowers I was so proud I must
memorize these kind
oh wow those are really pretty hey he's
looking up hooking them wrist say hi to
Daddy yes you are so excited to say it's
just a second do you see his glasses
you see his glasses that's how he was
shopping with me is is that funny
cuz hands on his head oh you see daddy
Joel he was so excited to see you mom he
did he had those goggles on the whole
time I got you something yeah a round
brush I was behind your hand behind you
Oh
round brush yep got your round brush
yeah I guess I don't want to touch her
yep got your round brush oh I just
missed you I saw you I didn't know you
took the kids for a ride
I see hi guys we Quinn around block and
come here I'm serious is it Libya
including riding their bike yeah there's
one on the Block again oh my goodness hi
I'm Sookie if I would thank you I love
ya I was inside making dinner and I just
saw Joel like walk right out this
morning I was getting something out of
this shed and there was the biggest
nastiest ugly black spider right there
and right then I was like take me back
take me back to Hawaii Hawaii doesn't
have spiders I hate spiders in the worst
way I think they're awful anyway hi it
felt so good to make some dinner at home
I don't know what everyone else caused
this I made foolish something up with
everyone else closer I don't know what
he is and who watch a real word is that
a real thing oh okay you're on the wrong
part you're supposed to go mow the grass
mister can you believe he's ours he
looks so grown up you guys who is this
who is this we don't not my baby Lincoln
he's a parent it's a baby Lincoln I'll
leave you alone oh okay
okay he's just fine Wow Wow
good night Lincoln Roy Oh Lincoln is in
bed
the boys are getting ready for bed
Bonnie and Olivia are uptown lessons
we've survived the first day back to
reality I can't believe we did it I
can't believe we're home
look look at this I love Utah this time
of year cash Valley is beautiful green
anyway we will see you guys in the next
video so if you liked the video give it
a thumbs up if you're new to the channel
subscribe
come follow us along and we'll see you
guys tomorrow bye
