we have been at the airport for about an
hour and we have a couple of hours left
and we're sitting here watching the
airplanes come in and out we spent the
whole morning with Keisha June bill and
Jay and if you've been watching our
vlogs you know who they are I didn't
record anything this morning because
there was a lot going on and we just
wanted to enjoy our breakfast with them
but I know that June did record I'm
going to leave June channel down below
if you guys want to go check out his
video and if it's not if I'm sure it'll
be up soon
look at some is so inclined oh my gosh
we went to cinnamons for breakfast and
i'm going to hide behind this pole we
went to cinnamon for breakfast and it
was fabulous and we had some people come
over and they were singing I'm sorry
this was so awkward and being so bad at
the camera we had some people come over
and sing and they sing somewhere over
the rainbow and it was just a mixture of
amazing food amazing company and that
song and us leaving Hawaii that I looked
at Joel and he's even tearing up right
now what was fun were you telling me to
shush no I was like trying not to cry
don't want to go this is the lighting is
not allowing everyone to see your watery
red eyes I want to hear your thinking
most powerful oh sweet little ender it
really was sweet it was and we before we
officially leave Hawaii I just want to
say thank you to Jill and drew and their
family for being so welcoming and so
thoughtful to our family and I'm famous
Kisha and June and Belle and Jay and
Belle's husband
they were so warm and welcoming to us
yes Jimmy yes Jenny Jenny Ewan Demi
of course I mean Demi but these two
families really treated us like absolute
Gold and we just wanted to say thank you
and I can't believe relieved in Hawaii
and end of our vacation would not be
wonderful it would not open yes we are
those two families it is purchased a
family vacation but that was just good I
can't even describe how much as strict
as they get talk about it too much
because not even thought well you're
like I don't know if it's for you to say
that it's life-changing I don't think
any one of us is going from the same to
usual I feel like we done of us are the
same I'm so glad that you guys got to
experience it feels like spending time a
lot with Jesus and other parts of the
world Pacific Pacific here is crazy
I feel like Boston's going home a man
he's going from myself
officers Boston oh yeah and we're
examining you right here Dingaan O'Keefe
and I I'm gonna drive on the plane
Lincoln came a baby and he's leaving a
full blown man let's hope this man
sleeps on the plane okay yeah what he is
he is good he was being so funny in June
video
and you're a beautiful baby never I sure
thought you were a cutie today at
breakfast
yes cinnamons was awesome I still though
we still stand by our eggs and things
that was our favorite breakfast well
this is a close second
hmm okay I just don't want to take the
camera off and I just can't even stand
it can you give me a nose kit come here
come give me a nose kit I mean clinking
Johnson candy time we're taking like
signing out why we only find Riyas to go
home the pine tree did you just speak my
language a there were a little bit okay
so the tire just went off and our trees
blossomed cheers that's all from me
right here for like no oh your bear
garden 30 minutes oh my god not Allah we
got you motive at least no on the ground
oh my god yes motive for everyone
imagine ego funny okay you gotta open
the front door for me you got the keys
please
welcome partner because I have to go in
first because we have a surprise for
Cody Brisbane say can you believe a home
it feels so red to become the air that's
not the right key yeah no I think that
was wrong oh come here
hold on wait right there let me go
through the wrong hmm yes so so she told
you we mow the lawn through here
yesterday I put Calvin Johnson out 10:15
and when he woke up he was really shot
really a New York fan my Chris our
heaters on them so funny case this is
what we got Kody for his birthday and
obviously we couldn't bring it
so we'll see what he what you think
about that okay me and daddy got that
for you yes we'll take the training Rosa
what do you think music that's fun what
well the one you have now is a little
too small so we thought you would like
that one happy birthday I think you had
the biggest birthday a little boys ever
had okay
Lincoln said we are going to do laundry
and get things put away probably for the
rest of our days it's bright and early
here its first thing in the morning and
I'm going to tell you how the kids do on
the flight Boston and Cody watched a
movie and went to sleep
Olivia stayed up the whole night except
maybe the last
our Wow that was crazy that she wouldn't
go to sleep and Lincoln we got on the
plane he got he laid in between my legs
I gave him his dog a bottle his binky a
blanket and he slept I would say for
three hours which I'll take I'll take
that that was just fine hey so I felt
like the plane ride was very good Joel
and I didn't sleep at all and which kind
of stinks so we're very tired so
basically we pulled an all-nighter
doesn't matter so the kids are pretty
miserable I think what we're going to
try and do is keep them awake until this
afternoon and then maybe let them have a
nap and then get them back in bed
tonight when it's bedtime I'm hoping but
I think we're going to end the book here
just because I want I don't want Joel to
be up all night ending a vlog and kids
are not happy and so we will see you
guys tomorrow
Lincoln's crying I just came in my room
one thing I did want to say so many
people wanted to do a meet-up we wanted
to do a meet-up we debated it the whole
time but it was it's a lot of work
watching the kids as is and going and
doing and meetup without any help is a
really big deal and it's really hard
even when we would meet because we met
so many of you guys just randomly and
restaurants and at the beach and a while
I was in the ocean and our flight
attendant and it's funny everyone says I
heard your voice before I saw your face
everyone it was like we heard you and we
knew it was you which I like I don't
know if that's a good or bad thing
anyway it's really cool to meet you guys
I loved meeting every single one of you
I wish I could have done and Meetup I
wish we could have done that but I just
didn't feel right so we didn't end up
doing it my eyes I can barely keep awake
so thank you guys for watching this
journey I can't believe it's over we're
home but we have more in store we have
more in store for the summer so see you
guys tomorrow we love you so much thanks
for watching bye guys
this just cracked me up this is Joel's
job of
uh you know that's kind of what I
thought of wrapping up your shaaka hand
oh yeah but it kept it nice and safe
well that certainly doesn't look like
milk
