I demand that you stop cleaning because
if you're cleaning out the car that
means we have to return the car does
this mean our trip is over this is our
last day in Hawaii why do you think I'm
out here on the balcony by myself the
kids
I can hear Lincoln yelling I'm like is
that mine I don't know for sure so I
don't think I need to go like find out
is that what you wanted was to hold the
bucket he didn't just want a piece of
what was in the bucket he want cold bite
and you're looking at the birdies
outside aren't chess oh I cannot believe
that this is our last day in Hawaii 30
days is a long time to be here in Hawaii
and I wasn't sure if I would get sick of
it if I'd be ready to go home or if I
would be dying to stay 28 days is
perfect on day 28 I was like I don't
know if I can get out of bed I don't
know if I can do one more thing and so
today instead of like cramming in one
more theme because I really did want to
go to Electric Beach all I wanted to go
to electric beat so bad but we just
decided that we're going to take it easy
yes we're going to go to a breakfast
place that we wanted to try it's a
little drive that we figured that's what
we would do today and I don't know maybe
find an adventure along the way we'll
see you but I can't believe it's over
waiting on you Julie kids are all in the
car you can hear them screaming we're
waiting on Joel and while we're waiting
for him I'm going to show you my
necklaces I have been absolutely
obsessed with that one says baby boy
because that's what I always call my
baby boys and then I have this one with
a heart and it says mama anyway I've
been obsessed with these necklaces the
whole time I've been here I have a
coupon code for you guys if you want to
use Bonnie 15 it
15% off if you guys want to check them
out I will leave a link in the
description for you guys I just want to
show you guys a little behind-the-scenes
footage of Joe as he's getting a little
drone footage I'm kind of a busy road so
I'm hoping he's just you're hurt
you
look at my window and all
um What did he say oh well that's good
like you need to go at least down
somewhere the neighborhood may call not
like you flying it either so it finally
made it all the way to boot and chemo or
as Bonnie likes to call it you want some
good shoes they call it that for the
whole time we've been here we've got to
go to chemo foods we got to go to chemo
it's leukemia but we're here and the
weight is going to be a little bit long
the kids are a little miserable because
the drive was long and we had to stop a
bunch to get footage on the way over
here everybody is a little bit on edge
and it's starting to rain I'm hoping
that the weight and all of the battle is
worth it you get me you know you're the
right way to record I feel it like hey
know the right word I'll give it like Oh
while we're sitting here waiting I want
to ask you guys what your absolute
favorite part of this whole trip was
Cody what was your favorite part of the
whole trip
laundry part the water please I am so
glad you had fun doing that what is your
absolute favorite thing this whole trip
sorry I know it's really hard
can you think of one
you love that don't you meet my
girlfriend
we miss your parents you're gonna miss
them oh you're gonna miss your new
friends that you made huh
really okay boss is pulling my arm here
what is your favorite part of this whole
trip we had in Chinese okay you like
that balloon cake what's something fun
that we've done here and what you like
to play in the water in the sand I think
one of my favorite things is that every
time we got done playing in the beach in
the sand we would go in the big shower
and I would one by one take the kids
into thoughts get them showered send
them on their way do the next one take
this one suit off get them showered send
them on their way and then me and
Lincoln to do the last one and then we
get cleaned up we all go out so we'd get
the kids put to bed while Joel is
everything that was fun for me well in
my neighborhood every time we took the
kids like it like to kind of a fancier
dinner or whatever we're cleaned up
mm-hmm do not get wet and those were
like the best time in the beach water oh
yeah because every time we were like
okay we're all cleaned up we're not
going to get wet they'd all get wet
that's nice they were our favorites yes
evenings at the beach were the best was
the worth of 45 min away
I don't think I would do it again it
wasn't working away but it was good one
of the pancakes are really good that's
what they're known for
eggs is being way better I think I know
it's hard for me to say that one thing
though I gave the boys a quarter if they
would sing again for my entertainment
and they did and they had a bubble gum
machine
and I guess the waitress thought the
kids are really QR manager whoever lady
yeah was she she went and got the kids a
bag full of gumballs feebly back yeah
yes look she got you guys and gumballs
I believe ha I guess we'll go ahead a
rat I have a wife
hey I thought that was a very few
surprise that the lady hey kid you got
there cute your moles are on your moles
are on fire I mean goodbye body board
and surfboard enough like all my little
moles right here on my belly
no just going to give you people really
sad john cusack if you guys ever get the
chance to smell of plumeria is it a tree
look at the tree of plumeria tree these
smell divine we are going to end our
night by walking up to one of our
favorite spots and enjoying the sunset
Boston is not excited for the walk but
if I hold his hand he will feel better
right Boston yes okay
crazy girl on our door yeah thanks code
yep he loves holding that door huh Cody
great every time dad needs love relief
and buy some little vacuum treat then
I'm gonna Illinois swing on it Keanu get
up so we're going to do we're gonna go
get a few snacks a little comics
anything
we're going to show you guys they don't
I checked five thousand times for Cody
they don't have a spinny thing I'll be
Cody I can't believe they have in here
I've checked the last three days they
haven't did I already say I was going to
miss this place because I'm going to
miss this place
joel is up there he went to set the
GoPro up so we can record the sunset
this is our favorite place to come was
this little cove over here because the
waves were huge but big enough that they
could use the wakeboard on or the
bodyboard on till has the GoPro setup
there's a lot of people taking selfies
in it so we'll see if it turns out am I
not this is our favorite area that we
have come to there's just tons of palm
trees and apparently it's everyone
else's favorite - usually it's not as
busy but of course the kids have found
friends its picker they're telling
everyone to get off of the rocks which I
don't blame them they are other
lifeguard
oh yeah bears out to make sure we're you
really like ours is this area while we
still have a little bit of light left
we're going to close the vlog here and
it's really I don't I was eating
chocolate
it's the coconut chocolate I think it's
also good should we show them mm-hmm we
found these tropical fruit bites oh
there's a Hawaiian host almond joy but
10 times better yep they're little balls
of heaven to the kitchen over there Oh
smells like her sister just over there
new connectability room yeah please
watch our kids for us feels kind of
weird but we're going to close our last
vlog here we fly home Sunday night
through the night and we go home Monday
morning at 7 a.m.
Retta so when you guys are watching this
we will be just getting home
yeah I'd like to go home Winchester if
you guys enjoyed following us along on
our Hawaiian journey give this video a
thumbs up and we'll see you guys in our
regular home tomorrow bye guys
since we made
in why cuz we stand the laughter you
drag me and some dumb even man with
times by looking after myself try and
even now when we are
I love to
why have you found me here
I still call that
time
nothing nothing
when we are staying
Oh
No
II
it's cuz I owe you
doesn't that bring myself
yeah
but we are all there
now I feel
yeah
