happy birthday to you happy birthday to
you happy birthday dear Toby happy
birthday shoes today we're going to
waterpark but they closed that research
program 3:30 we've been lounging around
all morning thinking we have all the
time in the world we have a huge day at
the water park so we got to get our
swimsuits on and we gotta get there many
of you guys know that I have an Aunt
Linda and I have an extra postcard and
my Aunt Linda watches these videos so
I'm going to set the camera here I'm
going to take out my pen and I'm going
to write on this postcard and I'm going
to stick it in the mail put out Linda
you can't rent to your mill right now
and see it in there it's not going to be
there and in two days you can't call my
mom and say where's my postcard she sent
it not to wait and you had to wait like
a week or something how long does it
take to get there Joel oh wait okay Aunt
Linda you will see this in one week be
very very patient if they'll get to you
and I will have each of the kids sign
this and can you guys believe Aunt Linda
watches our videos oh yeah Outland now
watches our videos can you believe that
what can you say hi to her I've been
missing you since Christmas
you said Marty grandma hey I bet saw her
she you say hi there Linda Oh Carrie I
see ten over at Linda's night hartenberg
yes you can okay bye we hope you have
move your fingers we move your head we
hope you have a really nice day and
we'll talk to you soon bye
my agenda that was Boston's foot sorry
that was so crazy exciting and my Park
at night yes I'm so glad you're happy
and excited my big six year old boy I
can't either my little baby okay okay
let's get going go go go go go
well the good thing is there's going to
be no lines there's nobody here okay hey
Donilon that was the most intense bad
check I've ever gone through so she was
like you know she was like moving things
around in my back she took out this baby
Jolly Rancher and old mint like a loose
piece of bum bring it out for you oh my
gosh I seriously was like I feel dirty
animal dies was uncommon pink one that
pink one goes up
although foods are pretty fun oh it was
there's hockey's had you go on working
across oh I'm going to go on a staplers
I would never say this in front of Kody
I would never ever but brought him here
had I known it would be like this it was
wicked expensive most of the rides are
clothes half the food you can't order
and the guards yell at you a lot for not
really anything anyway we finally found
a ride that Cody was big enough to ride
on it was scary enough for him
and it was actually open but I think
they're getting ready to rotate it and
close it
so we got a green go over and hopefully
Joel will be able to record us on edge
because oh yeah and they don't allow you
to have GoPros on any of the rides so
awesome
really come
rook
Oh
you
a 30-30 you're causing a problem in
their plumbing nothing a lot wrong with
our funny
Hey
you
Oh
haha
you think we're leaving tour guide we're
not leaving look come here
yeah me three three three quick reduce
whoa okay okay go get mama go over here
mama go oh yeah mama oh boy
and
I'm so funny
these streets time in a row Tony is
doing this one we're standing under here
because it's raining I think we're going
to be calling it quits here just in a
minute so I'm letting him get in as many
runs as he can especially if he's happy
this morning
Cody talked to Grandma and Grandpa
howleen on the phone tonight he talked
to Grandma and Grandpa Griffith on the
phone and we were going to go up and
finish out the evening up at the cove
and have cake up there under a whole
bunch of palm trees but it's raining so
we're not going to do that it actually
looks really pretty out there can you
see how pretty that looks
oh that's really fun so for Cody's
birthday we went yes we went to the
water park
and I said Joel we need to give them a
present we need to get a present he's
like the water park is his present being
on the island is his present we Merman
have something for him when he gets home
and he had the present to open from
grandpa thank goodness and he was
totally fine with that I said are you
okay not opening a present from us
because we got the water park was your
present and he was like oh yeah that's
fine
that's a good boy that was a really nice
way
right now you just want to open it first
okay all right well let's do it oh yeah
look at him so excited I done yeah not
just like oh you know control no happy
so cool car a Batmobile open it up yeah
okay I get more cars they're all hard we
all play with it
oh no Meah we'll see great people um
code that is so cool I knew would be
Legos I might do it um so how I put a
min.i planet through here
whoa I think that just comes with it
what if there's a track hey look that is
cool it's like a sport clamp before
cliff do that's all it wasn't one cause
those are for school oh yeah Cody did
not want a regular cake he wanted an ice
cream yeah he never want all the
frosting he wanted an ice cream cake I
had that oh really sure it is your
birthday and you are gonna light all the
candles
oh hey Lincoln that was really fast
that happened really fast he will be a
man once he likes his own cake here you
go
that I can do is arrest them we owe her
a sorry guys
yeah okay great we burned your finger do
you happy birthday to you happy birthday
good job did you have a nice day
yeah did you feel special that is the
only thing that matters to me and that's
the only thing that matters okay you can
Cody I love you so much
happy birthday and you know what we all
love you so much right sure do okay
should we say good night to everybody
hi boys you believe I know letter you
came in from the mall such a good boy
our New Zealand formation birth this is
good
is there I'm not a big ice cream cake
then this one's good yeah what what what
why don't you problem here why our cake
thank you guys so much for watching if
you guys want to wish Cody happy
birthday click that thumbs up button and
leave a comment in the comment section
and we'll see you guys tomorrow thanks
for always being here
bye guys
