bonnie is going surfing today for the
first time and she got out the door and
she forgot the gopro I hope you I hope
you still go it's raining like the
dickens okay drive safe
Jill says this is perfect she's a surf
babe she's a total surface and she makes
me to be one no I'm going to just like
drown down there with her
there is a steel we're going to see us
do
jill has all the adventures Jill is the
offensive you guys may not be to feel
how recess the Ohio is awesome and you
and ask particulars are you so what I
want to get bit I have to sneak up on
all of us okay I have to see you guys
I'm in Chelsea sucked up surfing because
I kids are going that surfing with Jill
today was incredible I mean I don't know
if I would say what I was doing with
surfing I mean it was I solid one wave
all the way and really good and then I
got up on my knees and then that was
about all the time that we had but it
was awesome and it's about to the kids
I'm so scattered it's like I don't know
how to convey to you everything that was
going on and how grateful I wasn't a
whole chance okay you guys I do have to
tell you this when we were coming out of
the water there was a huge seal and I
thought I don't know if the camera
caught it and we were kind of going out
by it and the veterans of the Hawaii
were like do not do not do not
they're very mean animals and if you get
in their way they will have their way
with you is what they said you want I
don't know is either a seal or a sea
lion you want to be alone yeah I think
those are just two different kinds of
skills let's see on the ceiling we don't
really know which is why we did not even
go close to it so this is your gate now
yes we've been showing nothing but
adventure adventure because we've done
one adventure every single day that
we've been here and what I don't show is
this is usually me standing here with my
phone scarfing my face because that was
a worked out well I go hey it wasn't
really work out Jill did all the work
this message is being in the Sun of
being the water makes you tired joel has
spent so much time editing and the kids
have spent so much time just enjoying
being outside
playing huh guys my heart oh did she oh
my word
daddy we made it to Turtle Beach and we
see tons of turtles already mom you are
going to Suzy what do you think
this why is there five about dating went
over there baby one
I don't Kody is dying to see turtle eggs
I don't think we're going to look at
that clunker right there oh my gosh and
then the little guy right there
yes I missed it oh I hope it's not
mating season
look at these Turtles
little Calvin this isn't thinking about
you look at his tail are you for you cow
parking skills just made me so attracted
to you I may not be a good driver but
I'm a good Parker you're an awesome
driver you're an awesome driver anybody
name that chef I go you know why he's so
good at parking this right here is the
food truck we're all starving and this
is charcoal and we want to go down to
shark Cove
I was so bad that I had a snorkeling I
was laughing so hard so because all you
could hear was Olivia screaming at the
top of her lungs and Boston was trailing
you here's clear out there and I was
like baby boy you get that cackling you
you couldn't like watch him oh my gosh
is so funny and I can't move because I
was there with him in everything
everywhere there are a lot of fish a lot
of fish especially I want you to go out
right now I want you to take I want you
to go out with Olivia
I'm gonna take Boston okay in the
coracle map this is yeah
will not go home the same comes Austin
you are a good boy
I love you you're my big boy you guys
hands down shark's Cove is my favorite
place to snorkel that was awesome we
brought the kids to the pipeline to see
the big sea look look at that one that's
huge
oh my gosh oh my gosh okay yes I tell
you see laughs these are huge okay we
got to get back jiminy Christmas I
should go home over no I'll get back
I'll see you back I almost dropped our
camera is that crazy that's why you
can't get too close
mom I was too close we got comfortable
tomorrow we're going to be focusing all
on the kids and so I have sat on the
beach with the kids this rest of this
night and we just watch Joel out surfing
surfing
playing in the waves mostly but I
couldn't get the camera out because it
was a full-time job keeping Lincoln and
the kids far enough away from the waves
I don't think that you guys have even
picked up on how huge these waves can
get they come in in set and right now
clearly is not our turn but they come
and they go and they're key yow just
anyway so that's what we've done
Lincoln is the biggest handful of my
life no no no oh my
gosh you guys he is the biggest little
crazy baby we are going to end the vlog
here if you guys enjoyed this video give
it a thumbs up ice looking love shark
Cove start with hot shark oh it was
George thank you guys so much for
watching I'll see you guys tomorrow bye
see look here they come now look at that
way it is and the kids are too close
that was the small ways compared to what
we've seen and they're too close get
back get back here comes OKC and they're
getting bigger so that one came up a
little further look at that way of
coming in it's going to come up a little
further and you can see they're swelling
up here this one comes
thank you guys so much for watching
we'll see you guys tomorrow
smile
yeah
