mom dinner camera out to take a picture
she doesn't want to forget the beauty of
this area it is the last day that we
have mum and dad is Saturday morning and
we just got all the kids lotioned up
swimsuits on our arms are full and we're
heading down to the beach oh hello you
pretty little thing to this bird sitting
right in front of us oh yeah well do you
want the rest therefore are you pretty
little thing we're going to do anything
we're not going to feed you oh that's a
good trade-off hmm
my boys oh I like those too cute gonna
go out grandpa nope and dad you should
going oh I just say yeah oh yeah girl
you always happy to do that's a good
daughter right there you tell me what
you want me to say and I'll say it
sometimes I feel that way too
ok bye my cutie happy oh yes ok
that comfy huh yeah right don't rub them
because then you take your sunscreen off
and you guys will have all red eyes
again
shake your head it'll go away there you
go what a good day what a good final day
for water parents sunshine beach kiddos
she's coming back for more
you can bury him you bury him Lincoln
can you bury Kody yeah you bury Kody oh
oh you got to bring your toy back God
bring a toy back there you go
Joel's down there being a good dad
making a sand castle with all the kids
and then Lincoln jumps on chairs down
destroys it typical baby of the family
right there the longer were here the
better of this Cody gets here you guys
let's see pretty good we came down here
to to soup we're all finishing up our
ice cream and we're waving to the Train
now I think this guy comes by on
Saturdays wait Wednesday to the cockpit
send it all
look Olivia travel Hallman safety
responsibilities at home it is a sad
time right now we haven't been allowed
to talk about when mom and dad go home
because it's like no we're not even
talking about it so we got our plan this
morning and now it's time to take mom
and dad to the airport and I feel a
little sad little somber days why and
I'm saying and I said we only have one
week left and they're like yeah boohoo
that's like a wonderful I get this way
though I get to say something you enjoy
it and then when you got minutes left
you're just like we're not on a
countdown yet but mom and dad are yeah
we're family camera oh okay know how to
do it or jump me to hold oh I can do it
oh that out oh I can do it no okay when
I can cook it oh my gosh okay
did I do some algebra colleges holder
for you things are getting crazy if you
want to have a good time
go away with I enjoyed that for sure
twisting as a real treat thank you so
much
yeah kind of
wider relax and have a vacation but we
have been on the run you know something
every day and that's been great we've
met some new friends who very much ah we
learned by three Alex
doodle-oo of all time cause I can't dad
off okay as far as you have anything to
know okay just a minute grandma has some
somebody wanna say okay I think that uh
how's it feel no no what does grandma
have the well I hope someday that Olivia
and you will be friends like you and me
are friends she's your little girl need
to meet you we'll go right now but one
of these days that's gonna be memorable
you have big hug
enough everyone's eyes are red we've
been in the Sun what Oh busted in fact
if you're not please try it sister
love you
look these are weird we're like saying
our good-byes like we're going to see
you next week it just doesn't like rock
thank you for giving me your bag
commanders on the floor missus well good
bye you guys
bye you're welcome you were driving and
Joel's like oh there's our mailboxes
like pull over pull over we have a whole
bunch of postcards that we want to send
all right let's do this the water does
away do you see him cut pretty good wave
of it you see the waves down there you
see the legs down there huh you want to
be a surfer done chest no oh a boogie
yes we have many boards I'm not some
madman oh yes mom look I have no arm oh
my gosh and the white shark is off I've
noticed that parking garages have very
low ceilings it's been very scary
driving and parking in these parking
garages we are clear up on this seventh
floor and it made me sick driving up
here bud Joel says he's like parking up
here on the seventh floor is worth it if
you get to see a view like this
not cool up here oh my word I mean how
many of you guys are sick just looking
at this footage to be honest I feel very
sick being up here I have the camera
strapped to my wrist okay I'm literally
sick right now doing this I don't know
why I just keep doing it for this
because it's really cool you see all
these people in the water that's crazy
most of it all the boats that way
Wow yeah I did see all the boats like
the sailboat oh my word you guys this is
incredible and any alcohol I have to say
we've seen that banyan tree from below
but we haven't seen it from up top
pretty crazy to see it from a different
view so high up here Oh so crazy and
this is the banyan tree
can you wave goodbye to the boss
you raised the bar before take the boys
the whole life
Oh
you gave him a chance off the break
goodbye
Oh
you guys see that out there we are going
to close the vlog from the streets of
Hawaii actually the subfloor of a
parking garage this was a little bit
like tip it thank you guys so much for
watching if you like this video give it
a thumbs up if you want to follow our
family subscribe to our Channel we'll
see you guys tomorrow
hi
