good morning you guys before we get
started with our day I wanted to do a
swimsuit slash clothing mini haul for
you guys because I have gotten so many
questions on where I got my swimsuits
and where I've gotten a few pieces of
clothing as I wanted to get those
answered for you I want to start by
showing you just a few of the swimsuits
that I have been wearing when we went
into the photo shoot and this was the
main swimsuit that I was wearing and it
is one of my favorites because of the
little flowy fringe I like very simple
senses and so just a little on touch of
character with a frill is fun for me and
I like stripes and I know for is almost
right at people saying maybe not to wear
because it like widens the pot or
something but I don't care I wear what I
want so I like that a ton I think these
new prints are so fun these swimsuits
all came from Albion v they recently
want a new swimsuit collection a few
different swimsuit collections and I
know that they're having a few more
later through the summer so those are my
favorite swimsuits that I've got from
them and then in past videos every time
I wear these clothes I've got these from
Albion fit as well I get so many
questions on them and I think if the
print I think it's just the print this
is a jacket that I've worn here a little
bit in the evening and it has a little
thrill at the bottom which is why I fell
in love with the piece and caught it so
that and then every time I wear this
jumper people want to know where I got
the jumper they have it in black and
green as well which I would really love
every one of the little jumper right
here not little it's a size large which
that's what I do want to tell you guys
just for like size reference I do wear a
size large and all of their stuff and
their clothes are very true to size so
if you guys want to go check out their
product I will leave their link in the
description below along with a coupon
code that they so kindly gave to me to
offer to you guys and it's bonny 15 that
coupon is good until April 30th so if
you guys want to go check out their site
oh another thing I have a striped um
swimsuit top that's long-sleeve I even
let my mom wear
I was here I just picked it up at one of
the shops here but I do know the albion
has the exact same rash guard and so
which I should have got before I came I
needed it while I was here anyway they
have a lot of really fun things I have
probably another drawer full of their
swimsuits so if you guys liked it goes
out go ahead and go check them out I
just want to say thank you to Albion for
sponsoring this portion of the video I'm
so grateful to work with an awesome
utah-based company go here tub
she can't let's get on with our day
shake your hair and feel United
good job boxes okay you get one miracle
whenever you're on vacation ours wasn't
used to like save our children or ni
that hopefully we won't need it
we got a miracle I got this parking spot
right in front of the Leonard's right
here right there oh man just one not
only but it is a metered once I got to
pay for my time twenty minutes that line
looks pretty long in there let's better
go another 20 40 minutes so Ando meter
mains coming at me we are dressed in
test because we are going to go to visit
the temple here at Lai yay which is a
long ways away from where we're at but
we've had to stop Leonard and get some
breakfast for the road
many of you guys have recommended that
we come to Leonard a bakery and last
night he Jun and Bell brought us here
never look at them we're not
disappointed we dropped the kids off at
their place today because we're going
somewhere special two kids picked em and
mom was like we're stopping at Leonard's
again for breakfast unlike the opposite
direction I was like yeah we can do that
we can make that happen it's gonna be a
good day breakfast is the most important
meal of the day so this is you can see
the line is goes out the door today oh
yeah dad I caught you again man it's all
right Julie I cannot let you
get doing it on you this is Sandra
shaking hey when you hold candy in front
of a baby oh good he's our driver Joel's
been driving everywhere we've been doing
good so he's got to eat you guys are
terrible
you got a fuel up you got a fuel up I
just want to look at just good good
we're good and dad you're I mean you
look really sharp in those teens this
morning
ie that's on purpose
well I have to wear these here special
shoes so I don't present fall not going
good good footing hey bean valve oh you
guys have the same belt on loses yeah oh
yeah um that was inspired by you his
outfits inspired by you he just didn't
want to pass
are you guys Oh
and die as easily in the car because you
just can't do it yes I am dying dying
we made it we ran through the rain we
are here at the ones at male Hawaii for
LA a Hawaii temple historic time sort
sandwich so this railing what you're
seeing here
I built this I built this when I work
for a company in Logan we built all this
for the rededication number one year but
this that used to be really really shiny
let me put a patina on it beautiful when
I built it I remember people I'll never
clean it ever and I tried so hard to get
on the co2 comment song I remember I
wouldn't do it but I'll never get over
to Hawaii 2 p.m. you're sharing yeah you
forgot about so we saw and you just like
this because I remember you were moved
and you were like can I please go with
them to install and that you didn't get
on the crew didn't stop or they all came
over installed I remember you all so
cool you got to see ended up so far and
made y'all pull over very quickly
because I keep looking at all the pretty
mountains with all the fog on top and I
just wanted to capture one thank you
okay you may resume driving oceans over
there okay everybody don't look just
about to change clothes
I'm a huge jerk and I totally Joe I read
you please get me why she loses shirt
and then and then
very fine jewelry look nice she can't
like a little teasing in myself I'm so
sorry I forgot your shoes so once we
finished up over at the temple we
basically just been driving around
looking at a few of the lookout points
and we saw a bunch of surfers out here
so we wanted to just come out and check
them out from an oh my gosh these waves
are big you see this oh I know it's cold
he was here watching this he would be so
happy I can't believe they're just out
there look at the Glander did you see
him go under the way cool
yep pretty cool oh my word all right
back mom says it looks more like a bum
hole yeah what'd they have for dinner he
has an upset tummy Joel I want to come
back to this Beach what's it called home
Beach I want to go down there so pretty
we just got to do and we've been here
many
we've always been outside and inside is
a much different menu and so that was
think of India yes perfect timing
but we got as close to the water as we
could and I feel like we have a really
good view of the ocean that's my
favorite part of juice is coming and
sitting by the ocean we're sitting here
watching all the sail books come in and
over here we're watching all the surfers
and bodyboarders
oh I'm not like the most picture-perfect
right there and you guys hear the rain
it's down pouring and we're all enjoying
our nail web will you're working yeah
yep this is very good very tasty thank
you guys for joining us
custom made I would call it of course he
called it a fork or spoon we called it a
spoon we got home and we've been hearing
all about how Junie Keshia took the kids
to Chuck E Cheese and he was telling us
how just enthralled they were to be
there and I cannot wait to see their
glass wait to watch it I know I don't
know when he's going to post I'll just
put their channel in the description
below if you guys want to go over and
watch them because I can't wait to see
came await that blog and dancing
I know Mewtwo we have an awesome day
with mom and dad we are going to call it
a night we are tired we're tired
can you guys take good night everybody
would your hometown big enough
this is their last night it's your last
night here I was just telling Bonnie
we've been for almost a week and this is
like the second time with Ashley sound
tell me Kirk
sounds crazy we're going to go home and
relax for a few days before going to
work no that's what you need that they
need to go home and relax after this
vacation migration vacation thank you
guys so much for watching if you guys
enjoyed this video give it a thumbs up
we'll see you guys
