this is the most insane pruning job I've
ever seen in my life I think good
morning everybody I had a late late
Oh so cool well I'm trying to say good
morning but this is too distracting this
is way too cool I've been wondering
since we got here how do the rings form
on these trees have a prune them how do
they just take care of them and this is
it that's it right there
check this out Oh ma'am so cool so
stinking cool look at the IRA that's a
good words of wisdom from Boston be
careful and don't chop your arm off I
don't think agin it but I think I just
found my new profession I'd like to try
kids and everyone are having breakfast
and they asked where we're going I'm
gonna let you tell them the most
simplest way you can explain like we're
going to go to her no we're not going to
Bob the kids like a hilarious we're
gonna Pearl Harbor and Pearl Harbor is a
military base and his battleships and
there was a war there it was attacked
we're going to code you said mom record
this this is gonna be the coolest thing
that they will ever see so prepare
yourselves hold on hold on hold on hold
on hold on okay go ahead that is quite
possibly the coolest thing these guys
have ever seen
voila nice okay
ah
we were in a hurry to get here and we
are the very first ones on the bus we
were thought we were a little late and
we were worried about traffic so we were
hurrying hurrying we've dropped off
Lincoln to Belle's house and Bell made
my parents from leis this morning we're
so much I know she got up this morning
I've never in my life seen of money
Leigh and Olivia was like Grandma and
where you're sometime right hey man look
here yeah yeah that's pretty sweet yeah
we could have brought Lincoln but I just
didn't feel like he would do well the
whole that can occur along toward from
10:00 just three cities just cool
I don't think so yeah is it really just
us
oh no he's laughing at it are you guys
excited we got it you decided by the
eyes yeah where's my stroller or my robe
um what kind of tree is that that's the
weirdest-looking tree I've seen here I'm
gonna call it finger tree really yeah it
has a lot of frogs around social worker
coming over the top are you reading up
with your PDA right now or the comments
section Wikipedia or the comments that
appear there about a million things
bonnie has planned for us to do what we
were here like go on the high schoo I
don't know to the beach everywhere but
this is the one thing I cared about
doing was coming from Pearl Harbor and
seeing it I want to see the site I want
to see everything I want to feel the
history and the whole time we were
coming here our tour guide was given
assist a little bit of information about
it and it just I don't know why I'm
attached to it but I love that
generation I'm reading a book called The
Greatest Generation I love that group of
people who fought in World War two and
really just so much to shape my life I
feel like these are these are one
airplanes and submarines and battleships
and these are submarine girl torpedo
yeah you just don't sit on it be that
crazy this is that's a bomb but you're
touching a bomb oh look see rocketry
it's the Hulk bomb this sure is a hug no
ya know what a bomb
I don't know anyone to take more selfies
in these guys okay what I don't you know
this to fund early newborn water it
really gives me peace salable all the
way under I skied on Yellowstone except
right I feel like a little bit of an old
man because all I want to do is tour a
fish just jump a fish just jumped all I
want to do is tour the historical sites
and I know it's probably a little boring
for the kids but I know grandma grandpa
and Bonnie will appreciate it so we are
touring the USS bowfin I don't know the
significance of the ship necessarily but
it was a submarine the u-boat and we're
going to go on it and the kids are
excited to go on a boat and that's all
the matter so we're going to like that
is this from I don't know I didn't know
that I couldn't see anything don't know
the history on it
well dang it I want history on it I mean
think about this lawn like you're in
Pearl Harbor
hundreds of hundreds of Japanese planes
flying around like a swarm of flies
droppin bombs - imagine being calm in
folks
no alpha mrs. logs comin at you in the
water and cooking that - imagine there's
there's the USS Arizona we're going to
go over to that how the ship with that
kind of square building that's the
memorial that's a ship where the crew
was trapped mm-hmm I want to talk here -
they don't ask you to talk over there
yeah because they want to keep it
figured it's hard to not get choked up
even right now oh yeah oh yeah it's just
you I just have a real great
appreciation for the people that fought
that generation in the wars 4sp no so in
the USS Arizona if you don't know it was
the ship that the crew was sealed inside
and when it was bombed the crew stayed
sealed inside oh wow
and I actually let those that's where
their bodies still are Wow they'd arrest
there and any survivors that were on top
when they passed away there's still five
remaining survivors from the u.s. enters
on other lives and when they pass away
their turn or their ashes are put in a
ring out there and for them really
rather cool starting to rain that's
right you guys with Cody hurry hurry
it's raining up here we got to take
cover inside go go go
true beans like that's the structure
also them collapsing really
that's the risk when it is right here
yeah when I see that crouch your way
down to the end yeah drinka wall come on
grandpa a little bit I'm not pretty cool
cause they look the torpedo go in that
to code you guys to the back of the
purple right in front yet in these empty
too similar they shoot out the front
right
the kids are exactly right I kept
thinking that's not a shower but there's
a shower head I want to put like a
contamination shower there's a potty
there's a body damn there's a fire
extinguisher for when the party gets a
little too hot when the jalapenos I'm
going in look little this is like an RV
little kitchen part of the mess hall I
don't see an oven wow there's a cookbook
well hey there is something touched upon
that when I brush their teeth under
attack they're attacking they're you
know trying to move back the forces of
their power oh yeah there's Errol
there's no room mom comes out okay hey
we're in a hurry look at the radio look
at the radio it's a dial radio you
actually have to dial that guy in
minah's no just did go it it's all
analog my hands so cool Vaughn hey Keith
I start this up substitute your glasses
in I'm sure for drinking water and
brushing their teeth
haha northen the sink that falls down
cause look there's uh one of the colors
okay or whatever where that where
they're looking black is an entire
school periscope yep check that out
that's up there makes you want the whole
watch hunt for robot dinosaure for Dora
don't you stand on that oh my goodness
y'all do you see this
oh yeah look at that call for this these
are probably ballast on this is the real
oh this is the real treatment in life
here like now I've been was a
millionaire okay mom look at that are
you kidding me that you keep going so
cool fire like this
how'd you like to come home to end lady
I'm baking a low what I don't know he
gonna sleep these are these are the
motors into the motor
how did you'll know that big old diesel
heater Depot motor this is the whole
bench - you got to have a whole bench
but miss this some guy was in charge of
this room but it was a million degrees
in here Hoxie he was always a greasy
guide on the ship yes can you manage to
be a be on heroin they have fire there's
a fire stand here you think we'll what's
there to burn to solve oil all the
grease
that's such tight spaces and everything
is so hot that cool god I knew you would
love that
wow she's go look at it real quick oh of
course that you love that I knew you
boys would love this you're doing so
good
you
we
I think that there's not a better place
to close up walk in here and on a better
note Thank You cord enough to close the
floor and I have lunch you have to think
probably five minutes if you want you to
I'm going to have her take this artwork
because Rama just add some of our uncle
didn't come home we just want to thank
you have sir are sure everything that
will sir you never take a breath
freedom if you have any wine and it's
not free types gonna be as hard as any
penny over the brush touched her heart
thank you guys
you
