good morning everybody we're awake we're
ready to go everybody's dressed to go
play today but we got to do the final
step and I want to know how much time
we've spent on our vacation applying
sunscreen yeah yeah I want that time
back Sun shoulders I shaved all sorts of
time yesterday by not putting it on such
a time saver in the moment that comes
back to bite you later but I'm waiting
for you guys putting on abuse with some
funniest folks you just take care of
Lincoln he's been crying the entire time
we've been in the car since we got in
and now he's still not happy
he's just hungry
there are a few things that were on mom
and dad's list to stop and get a hat
gang cake coconut ice cream what else oh
that could Damien ice cream which we got
to find out where to get that comfort
some of that ourselves but one of them
would come to eggs and things and
everybody's smiling but I don't think
that's how they really feel oh yeah
everybody is very angry angry your
vacation will start next week when you
go home grandma and Olivia are sharing
pineapple pancake Cody and Grandpa are
sharing blueberry pancakes and you can
have water
just look at these homes that are up on
the very top of these mountaintops and I
think that it would be very kind of
scary we moved up there I think it'd be
scary to live up there and mom said
things would be pretty scary to open
oats box
let me guess yeah but it'd be very very
reverse I don't know if I caught up with
the lady next to smiling I think the
cameras pointed at her I think she
thought she was kind of like how do I
get out of there frame
pretty sad that's a pretty little
waterfall
I like private property again this is
some people's backyard comment down
below if your backyard this is your
backyard I'd like to be your friend
we're trying to wrangle the kids it's
been a little bit not I wouldn't say all
may as well also it gives us running fun
we're here at the trail it's just hard
keeping them all safe and you and I'm
trying not to yell at my kids in front
of my parents and that makes me stressed
and okay we're here at the head of Judd
trail it's a really really mild short
hike we went on you guys just saw this
one but we're going to get different
sort of the time this is pretty cool in
here using this tree school was the
first smile I've heard all day
what oh there you go we do you break
that bamboo stronger
hey kids you control you say bye daddy
okay daddy we're going to kill you one
way or another totally seriously injure
you yeah good job honey
if you don't want to go you don't have
to okay be careful cause it is slippery
yep it's very slippery
Oh also thank you good you good pull
she's good okay she didn't hit her head
I don't know why I worry for my son
hitting her head
we
Oh daddy oh no I got the camera out to
show you oh I want to get down here she
was trying to hide this from me just
kind of cut her leg up a little bit I
swear to you guys I am NOT trying to
hurt my dear is I do this every time you
go do something they're getting here and
I'm like shaking
you guys aren't old yet don't be old yet
you're not on ya know or not your shirt
on FaceTime Julie needed she made me get
dressed in your undressed okay so I
can't show Julie mom and dad a face I
mean Julie I was not in this Cody we're
now huge thing didn't just fall from the
tree who did all the workers okay
because we were all up here dying
thinking that they had climbed the tree
MOT and we stand down paranoid there did
you climb the tree to get those yeah you
know last open up you you can't drink
your tendons to avoid that it's not
poisonous but taste it I promise it's
not poisonous he
my real life poison go ahead and try it
did you guys crack it open crazy
not good what good
oh no no don't pour it over the edge
money okay take it back down to Olivia
doesn't surprise you the Olivia is
masterminding this down there been going
on for a couple days now look they're
emptying the coconuts into this like jug
that they've got this is very pretty
mom and dad are trying to get a picture
in front of this is it's so pretty
but a little too bright still boundaries
Mosby here's a toast to you and me
hi bubbles in the wine world they'd be
happy makes me meals over time on
Twitter content alone you tell me this
time we'll be lucky
dancing
we will assume here watching the kids
my dad says what do you say dad what
worries do they have right now I envy
those kids all right
what do you guys think don't get rewards
do you remember me holding a frog at
Grandma Nelson's mom oh my gosh it is
huge
no I don't think that's a frog you guys
that's it okay just like a lizard like I
like I today
okay okay I really don't want to walk
past our ticket I do not want a lot past
that looks like no that's not a frog I
think that sums for everyone in the
comments I'll tell us what it really is
but I was going to take I don't know if
I know I think we can just walk past it
let me get the keyhole connect walk past
according to be okay okay you just go
first go goes Cody go call me buddy yeah
let's go to first run run run
take my big big step sir my grab on
money 22 if if Isis not going to hurt
hurry Boston there you go good job yep
okay walk far walk slow it's it's the
neighbors ceramic frog no all right okay
here we go we are calling it a night
thank you guys so much for watching if
you enjoyed this video give to give the
video that's my kind of stuff we're
going to give them maybe a thumbs up
please okay let's see you guys tomorrow
we have a few more Sundays planned with
my parents so I'll see you tomorrow
