good morning you guys we are at the
beach this morning we drove about I
would say 45 minutes to the place that
we're at I'm not I'm not sure I'll tell
you in a minute when I find it when I
find out the names but Kailua Beach we
are at Kailua Bay I brought my big hat
Joel thinks it's embarrassing what I
can't hear you over your half loud I
don't care my shoulders are covered and
if I embarrass you too you just pretend
like you don't know me haha I pull these
pants off
we
today went so wonderfully I know we have
a ton of footage and like no talking but
it's because the wind was so loud and
everything was so cute like I just
wanted to record forever but we only do
10 to 15 minute vlog so I had to like
just I don't know this is Hilson editing
this afternoon while we came home the
kids are having a little bit of downtime
link is taking a nap and I think you
quickly knows I'm wandering for human I
don't know they was so cute and so tired
we're going to be such a new chapter
do you have any idea somewhere on the
island so I'm going to share a recipe
with you guys that Keisha and Jun share
with me all right I know this does not
look the most appetizing so I may not be
selling you on this but I swear to you
if you try it you will thank me and
quisha
and you okay you add one thing of cream
cheese and one thing of the Rotel is it
Rotel uh is it wrote Motel wrote jewel
just wet yes okay it's the row tell
these diced tomatoes they use the spicy
kind if you don't want to spice you
don't use the slice kind it's really
good I say though and then sausage so if
you want a big thing you can do four
things with cream cheese and four things
of tomatoes i think nate is like - spicy
- not spicy and then however much
sausage you want in it it is so good you
guys okay is it good and my dad loved a
jello still everything it was we have
more are you relaxing I know I thought I
know we warned these guys that you just
sleep I feel like you're not comfy out
here is your neck comfy
all right listen in diversity little
kids down there I am so glad you guys
are here the kids good
Olivia is going to make a coconut stand
coconut water stand with the girls I've
been busting open a lot of coconuts down
there you get a drink some right Olivia
I'll just give you money it's okay
nothing that you wear I like them this
is more like good
will you look comfy and--you looks
gorgeous out here you guys look good
laying in the palm tree hmm
except when you lay down did you feel
like you're swaying in the ocean haha
feels good
smell yeah that's that's what I love too
that there's not but because the lizards
eat them all did you come out here to
get warmth yeah Bobby likes your house I
do I get so hot
everywhere we go kids like to climb the
trees my mom is crushing my dad right
now telling him not to talk while I'm
vlogging good job not used to camera
being on your face off oh yes you are
what am I talking about you have five
vloggers I have always said Olivia's the
only baby that has ever taken her diaper
off when she sleeps and this is a very
poopy diaper and this is a baby
that doesn't have a diaper on and he's
forgetting on his jockey why would you
do that to your Johnny
shoot see link you have poop all over
your dummy so foul oh he's been playing
in the mom oh shoot is right mister mmm
yeah I know Ivan reeks in here
what was I thinking putting you to bed
and just your diaper I just thought
you'd leave it alone
sure didn't should we get you in the
bathtub Oh
poupi kakas i have that much sand in my
dog
he'd probably rip it up and play with it
too hey today I just feel bad for poor
doggy oh man look at all the kids eyes
their little red underneath because
they've been wiping the salt water away
and it's take that day oh yeah it's a
real bad he's okay just trying to watch
that salt water wait they call their
thoughts going to do I know we showered
it's okay I showered with him good when
locals recommend anything you take their
word for it when they recommend how and
where to find the sea turtles like he
did last night you find him when he
recommends where to go to dinner like he
did last night
recommending Zippy's you go to zippy
that's oh we're going to go to dinner
man
never a good for detection you know when
they first brought us over to the table
we were all laughing so hard because we
needed a place that seated eight and
they brought us to a little thing that
has this divider and so we were really
all you can divide it you can move it
although that's funny so this is what
it's meant for and I don't know if I
offended her by laughing so much like we
were like oh but actually now that we're
sitting here it works out pretty good I
think yeah oh yeah yeah I'm just there's
a divider like here lady here that'd be
great
okay just to get you and me still
whenever we sit down all we can talk
about is the first night mom and dad are
here and how when I beat up we got mom
has much we show them your cut will only
focus on doing real big rifle but I got
focus on it okay focus on us okay the
camera is not focusing but she has a big
cut here yeah and I'm DISA big cut all
it really does look bad we see dad me
carry on here where's your toenail oh
okay
I want Sharona hunting you've got ripped
up toenail and then today well you've
got big old bird son Louie was awesome
oh yeah I got cut on his arm
oh I know they're like fall asleep on
the bed me and Jill are like vegans ID
now I'll get some ice cream because
they're asleep
you guys have been very good score oh
we've had a ball guys and fun they're
never gonna go on a trip in the weed and
oh you know every time the kids get
screaming I'm like are they okay or they
really matter
oh but we have we've had a good time
we've been sitting here on the bed
laughing um but I think it's time to
close the phone so if you guys enjoy
seeing grandma grandpa what are they
gonna do
I'll give it a thumbs up
then subscribe to our channel if you
want to see more we'll see you guys
tomorrow bye guys
