okay wait you're right I'm gonna okay I
was trying to sell the door just closed
on me I was trying to say good morning
outside on the balcony and the wind was
like blowing my hair in my face and like
the lighting just wasn't good anyway I
am saying good morning to you guys I am
ready we have the house clean and the
guest area is clean we are going to go
to the airport this morning and pick up
some very special guests I'm sure you
guys know I'm sure my kids know it's not
like a huge secret but I'm just very
excited I have like rabid sores
I have very intense butterflies I have
very intense butterflies I'm so excited
to go pick up our guest today but before
we go pick them up I just I don't know
if I conveyed enough how grateful I am
for the time that we've been having here
I'm so glad to have my kids here with me
and last night Joel and I went to bed
and all we could talk about was just how
unreal it was for us that we came to
Hawaii not knowing anyone here and
having a house full of people food
galore and and love like our house was
so full of love last night and I eat
like I can't even still get over that I
just something that I want to take away
from the way I feel from this trip is
just opening my arms and opening my
homes and opening what I have to others
and I feel like I'm pretty good about
that with my family but I want to do
that with friends and strangers and I
don't know it's just I just really felt
something special yesterday
kids are taking turns pushing a Lincoln
in the car it might be a little
rambunctious but it's not even facing
this way oh you guys maybe you're wrong
the old man very high okay we should
have known we should have known
and today's birthday another call guys
thanks but what do you think Oh what do
you say Saint Aloha made your butterfly
made your header file
I know like we've been waiting for a
half hour like Julie Gary like no and
you're not even landed or like those are
really gross always been way better yeah
cool cool this one good night no all
right
cards energy I use me beckon the point
unless first time that webpage of Hawaii
and I got off the plane okay moaning
that's great and I'm not kidding when we
got here and keep in Jimenez and save
holidays everyone
well I know that my parents are tired
for them in Utah time it is dead time
but here in Hawaii is party time so we
have a really cute girl here to watch
the kids from the wards that we're in
and they're getting some dinner right
now
and then they're going to go to bed and
we're going to go out and see if we can
see some turtles so that's what we're
going to do well you guys mom and dad
are here in Hawaii with us and so we're
bringing them to the place that we've
seen a bunch of turtle hope we see some
turtles so if you look here this is you
look adorable we all did okay
Oh
oh yeah oh yeah I got him coming by you
that the Coolibar when that wave just
broke in here to find the way off no no
no no did you see it yeah yeah they look
like a little guy you little guy even
the little or one there's nobody coming
in you're psychic
they are big so cool oh wow you rock sir
you only have to lay on your belly
haha keep your face down and you watch
the rock you can get it really well but
if you're just up yeah yeah yeah
we should get out this get really
comfortable yeah I've ever done put the
mask on or anything
mom dad saw it I was worried about her
getting claustrophobic and but we did so
good every matter no that's all I wanted
to do we don't have to go into much
detail but basically we got kind of
pulled out there and
it was pretty scary trying to get back
in and I thought oh great I beg and beg
mom to come out here mom and dad we go
out there and garner headlines and got a
reminder for nature hmm and how easy
yeah very true but we're good
we are safe and and this guy shot our
people being for service' turtle each
one of us has raspberries cut up elbows
cut up sighs I'm very sorry I apologize
I feel like a fool listen I thought it
was at dinner we were talking about how
it's impossible to show in a vlog
exactly how the day goes
and I don't think we could even put into
words how our evening out in this sea
was and all I can say is that I am so
grateful that we're safe and that we
absolutely were being watched over in
the water tonight and I'm grateful that
we are all home safe Joel and my dad had
taken the babysitter home she was
fabulous I came home to the dishes done
kids are in bed and the house is
perfectly the same that I left it which
is wonderful so we want to tell you guys
thank you for watching our videos if you
guys liked them make sure to click the
thumbs up button if you want to see more
go ahead and subscribe to our Channel we
will see you guys tomorrow bye
