he's going to teach you a little
something about dancing
with your leg up
yeah you like that one
try again I'm gonna ask
rather here with this J and the kids
worked for Milan today teaching him
about his long hair here comes we found
Santa he's on vacation too if the kids
are like hey look there static he's on
vacations June is just telling us he's
like yeah this banyan tree has been here
for years and years and years and years
and said that this used to be the
shopping place that you can Elvis used
to come and shop at and right here on
the wall you can see this is the
original mall so is here and this small
that they've renovated this looks like
this now is only a year old so this is a
new that they just took it from this to
this
that's incredible doesn't oh no how do I
get a street
okay oh how do I go stream more like
that okay I know I'm going to show you
the streets right now they close off the
street and into time time is your
offender
oh we're waiting for our table at Dukes
and so naturally we just come out here
and the kids are burning a lot of energy
running up into the beach Teesha and you
know like poor kids is a lot of work I'm
like yeah I hope that they know how much
we appreciate their friendships always
been here
this is recent new wave man I used to be
Watson he's pretty fast dinner does not
disappoint we're kind of just sitting
here relaxing around the table and today
has been another awesome awesome day I
don't know though kind of find me you're
not there what do you think of the
stream I loved it I loved some local
vegetables
yeah where do you guys think you have a
good day you I guess yeah well J and you
guys thank you so much for hosting us
again tomorrow keister bye it's so busy
you guys have been up for so early
did he come mmm
there's no setting maybe we know what
that means
show your legs extend
okay hey hey how come you guys suck in
your claws Teddy Riley - cuz we got home
so clearly you guys please don't be -
laughs I really don't want him to wake
up okay okay okay
I'll show you guys it's for you oh my
little necklace where's the always our
main bosses embossing different how he
necklaces I'm now we necklace and we
each got a penny
yeah he's got a pen so I'm so cool when
I got there she is
did you save it later her pretty good
part of the back to ruin see oh
those have to be kind of careful like
that
this is the coolest thing look at all so
we got I mean is against me dig it up
you decided oh um
amazing he goes yeah yeah how do you
guys know how do you guys know who this
whoever you do address this my head we
cannot do I turn into a giant Hawk in
the house or this really man
no giant Hawks and my house a shark a
shocker and look daddy look look Oh
yawning joy joy we're shocked I look I
was the shocking at um how did the
Easter Bunny know you guys are obsessed
with egg gum bubble bobble double bubble
egg no no guys double bomb circus well I
will uh
okay yeah yep no giant Hawks
no giant huh oh where did you find um
Yama
this is
did I not tell you Joel did I not say I
want a gold because it goes hi model
opener oh my god it's a bottle opener
for when we have like drinks you know
that have the bottle lids that pops mop
that's so cute okay all right can you
just pull on England did you guys see
these has your names on these ha I don't
see those are for me yeah I get a
shotgun I didn't even know that was your
mom on a now I give a complaint shout
out of their fingers sure and I hold him
are you gonna surfboard for your whole I
know did you hear him he wants that to
be his slingshot for his chakra with
this chakra I got a great idea
stop Scotty next time you come we're
going to shirt you go put your arm in
you breathing like that is your stronger
hands around that is need a hand there
and you don't know if that was for you
like long as I wanted Oh Justin did you
say that you can use your American Girl
doll on that oh so cool can be hard
Oliviana pillars yeah you should go out
of cardboard for the back if they have
house all the bottom yeah look at me
what no what
oh the pineapple in is what the god
psyche did you decide on a name what
Waikiki and what are you gonna call her
Kiki finding the adorable Olivia had the
cute little doll surfing okay
I think the Kiki's a great evil in
Waikiki let me finish lending mine yeah
I think it's okay just find one and you
can claim it as your own
you make yourself in this you little no
energy I'm surfing I'm surfing
mm see I'm on the seat yes why nice big
fish oh no things that happen yes well
if you're going to work so hard and go
fishing you got to eat what you get
these Spice ones that I want to know if
you like em do you like to spice tones
you're either gonna love him or hate him
what do you think I love spice jelly
beans
you like that's awesome that wasn't too
painful trying to get a family picture
before church yeah no no it's not I
really respect today but that'll work no
yeah that'll do
I hope so get better because after we
got coming to Hawaii I didn't think that
we would have and he brings here really
and we today on Easter Sunday we have a
very full house and we've got lots of
things going on here with Belle and
we've got friends out here on the patio
Jun is mastering the grill over there
yes I was like do songs and it just so
happened that Joel ran into a missionary
friend from over 10 years ago and he
just happened to be in our church today
and he's not he's here without his
family and so we invited him over and
you have Easter
or we've never been spoiled so much in
our life
look at the mess on the floor miss is
like Christmas boarding in here yeah
this looks like the Easter Bunny on
steroids
gorgeous June and Keesha and belt and
your family they're amazing it was so
fun to have friends over that like full
house
you have you are home with friends and
family I loved it I absolutely loved it
he was happy as a clam he and entire
like lifetime bankruptcy people need you
too that's a jelly bean tooth yep
instead time we're going to say good
night to you guys thank you a part of
our family
we appreciate all the family here that
has made us feel like family yes so so
much you see all the food they left
morning what yeah they will be for a job
you know yeah for the entire two weeks
we've been here so far the fridge has
been pretty barren and no food and now
it's completely full there's leftovers
everywhere
this is unbelievable so we are going to
close the vlog here and say goodbye to
you guys and if you like the vlog give
it a thumbs up and if you need a Vox
subscribe and watch the rest of our
Hawaiian vacation adventure see you guys
tomorrow bye
Oh
