do you guys want to open a present from
Grandma and Grandpa Halloween they
mailed you something can you believe
that all the way to Hawaii Cana you guys
make sure that you let Lincoln open it
too because it's for him - okay you
ready yeah go ahead
Happy Easter of your party box and
Grandma and Grandpa holy yeah you
remember when grandma made Zoe you to
keep on your egg in there yep you put
your little eggs in a little
introduction oh boy yeah do you think
your dad knows and I love mr. navorski
you know now
okay
oh my gosh that is new and not okay Oh
excited to be on the ground did you get
them all of you Wow look at you she's
got a tongue hole again with your bag
hey hey hey how can you guys give you a
big smile oh so fun can I see how many
here and here wow you guys got way more
than the little kids were like I don't
have enough right now we just had a
waffle breakfast at the church and Cody
refused eat a waffle I thought okay well
do that you mean all the fruit - oh yeah
well he has fruit and orange juice
like I saw substantial anyway he told
Jill he said oh I want some Cheerios and
milk so we stopped by their house to get
their dogs before we go on the hike
we're going on Jude trailer Jed trail
John our Jude on the trail they're going
on that's all I got trail I'm pretty
sure it's a Judd trail anyway and she
comes running out of her house because
we saw
to get their dog she came running out of
the house of cereal and milk who need
that oh it's my job I mean I've had
compliments on me being a good mom
before I think all moms are good moms
who's we all try our best but jill is
literally a super mom could you simple
awesome all right come on gentry oh that
is absolutely perfect for him because
vos in the structure little whiner
you're not a whiner
Telstar your life
don't do it you can't go it out
Yolo I don't want to do this but I'm
going to do it if I'm going to make my
to do it I guess I have to do it
oh my gosh are you watch it
what status posthumous dad cuz Lincoln
has a little bamboo stick yeah alright
we're ready for her one two three
Oh nobody came swimming and you're
getting wet by rain what should we do
you want to go home watch a movie with a
blanket and a snack well let's go get
some lunch with our dry clothes on okay
okay we had pizza and now the kids are
just out here watching a little movie on
the iPad in a homemade fort
so basically life is good I can't
believe the kids are finally in bed it
was kind of a later night for us we just
got back from watching a movie over it
what would we do me watch john christow
chillin curettage thank you much I mean
I don't even remember what movie we
watched so yes passengers passengers
crew it was kind of good I did pretty
good you're asking us all graduating
today has been the best day the best day
we got in the car and all my kids are
like we love Jimmy love okay anyway
we've made some really really fun
memories and friendships out here it's
so fun I'm just going to bed so happy so
we just want to connect to you guys
we'll see you in the next vlog thank you
guys so much for watching please give
the video a thumbs up if you're not
subscribed go ahead and subscribe
subscribe cuz we have two more weeks
