we have a really awesome special
announcement today today is the day that
we announce what Elly and I have been
working on for oh so long let's get
comfy shall we and I want to announce
our new custom clothing line and when I
say Elly and I mean Jared and me and
Joel Joel came up with the name follow
me it has been such a fun crazy year
it's been such a crazy year and it's
just been exciting having worked so hard
together I love you guys and we cannot
wait for you to see what we have come up
with if you guys want to check out the
description below we have a link to our
website poly brand calm and all the
socials that go along with it
please go give us some love and let us
good morning everybody welcome to my
closet you're inside my closet I feel
like last night did not go as planned
it was first night when he was gonna be
gone and I knew a problem it's like
great but I had Boston in the bed with
me I had all the other kids to sleep
everybody was out but Lincoln kept
waking up coughing I kept thinking that
it was earlier than it was I thought I
kept hearing the kids I woke up at one
point and I thought I was hearing the TV
downstairs I thought Cody was downstairs
play Nintendo so I like quietly marched
over there so that he wouldn't hear me
so that I could catch him nothing like
there was not even sign to anybody he'd
even been playing there's no possible
way he was playing I was like what's
going on I'm a head projects at hand
while bonnie is away number one my
closet she thinks it needs to be
organized I feel like if everything fits
in here and the doors closed that's done
we're done we're good closets done but
that is not acceptable for my monster
well first things first I'm gonna go get
me another shoe rack that's a little
ridiculous how many shoes I have I'm I
can't even wear right now with my feet
until I get it fixed which is coming
we've actually scheduled my surgery I'm
excited
the second project at hand is I wish it
was getting my Legos done the kids keep
begging me to work on it more but I
really don't have time in the evenings
when I do I'm like I'm too tired to
think so I don't I have to get all of
this organized probably need to take the
trash out we want to organize this I'm
that going to put a door here body kind
of told me no I think we'll be okay I
don't think it will kill anybody if I
put the door in there first and foremost
is this area just junk and crap
everywhere it doesn't need to be this
way it doesn't need to be chaos I went
over this already I'm reviewing so that
you remember on the next test of what
did you'll talk about on such-and-such a
day you're gonna know you're gonna be
like oh we talked about food storage so
I'll get an e for that and if you don't
know go back and watch some vlogs oh it
didn't work try it again
got my second bookshelf got the new door
got some shimming for the new door what
is amazing is that I do not have to have
the suburban and the trailer here just
throw it in Frank Frank to
Oh
yep sure in batteries dying mmm it's a
bitter stuff working ring here and our
shells gonna be all the way down thanks
for your help bud AM NOT you eat your
breakfast and be happy about it it's
really strange that when Bonnie's gone
the routine doesn't change at all but I
feel like I'm lost without her here it's
like the routine feels off something
feels off doesn't it something feel
missing Boston you think something feels
like it's missing of course you wouldn't
something missing somebody
really you slept in somebody else's bed
last night because they're missing I
wish today was Friday you kids have no
idea the eye-opener I'm gonna give you
on Friday and you're gonna love it just
seems like a very dangerous game you
guys are playing somebody's gonna end up
hurt crying it's not even 8 o'clock yet
that's not a cookie that's a free snack
you get one for Boston too okay now get
out of here it looks real good in here
we're not even done yet chubs stick of
your jammies on underneath there Wow
yeah that's cause mom's gone that's okay
assume the hardware store position
that's right right like that see how
much I used to love going to the
hardware store with my dad it was called
Ernst back in the day though Ernst
I bet nobody remembers that
all right that has been organized and
gone through this has been organized and
gone through this has been refilled and
stuck to everything that we usually have
in there organized and gone through a
little bit a little more laid out
cleaned up moved move and now a bunch of
stuff that used to be in that room over
there
is now in here like some of the kids
Legos olivia's Easy Bake Oven some of
Bonnie's sewing stuff Bonnie's nail
stuff and hair stuff has never had a
home it now has a home and it's not
moving and neither am i I've realized
through this I'm never moving ever ever
ever ever ever moving because I don't
want pack all this crap up we laid a
carpet out so that it took the chill off
the floor this floor is just cold cold
cement this carpet was it's kind of lay
it out a little bit didn't have on it
was the exact dimensions piece for like
15 bucks or whatever for how cheap this
was that's pretty good deal so this room
is done I'm finally moving on to
cleaning my closet out I think bonnie
was definitely right when she said I
need to clean it out because it just
found these boxes of four-wheeler Parts
I think those belong in my closet I'm
pretty positive that's where they go who
you talking to are you talking to your
mama
I can sit but my mom oh this seems to be
a family intervention now hope dear huh
they keep coming in bond you better
chime back in everybody's piled in here
to talk with mom over the camera
mom mom mom mommy mama you should hurry
cuz it stinks in here Bonnie just text
and said my class just started I love
you so no go guys
no go she's gonna do her class Lincoln
I'm gonna change your phone oh that's
disgusting you're kind of a hot mess
this was my license plate to my very
very first ever on your shelf
incessantly pretended to be DJ's like
scratch record DJs what that's fun
funniest thing about Joey
yeah evil is it Ryan
yes s good he was talking to mom right
now
a hard time getting conversation oh that
changed the subject very dramatically
Lincoln right what did you do fun today
go sledding mm you just eat your food
you're kind of grossing me out how did I
get stuck sitting across from you well
how you gonna eat dinner now oh that's
not good
don't give him another one to break I
don't want you to break that one Olivia
go sit on the couch Boston go sit on the
couch Cody shut this off go sit on the
couch we are gonna finish watching the
Sandlot and have ourselves a nice start
to the weekend it's Thursday night which
means it's Friday night Eve which that's
how I celebrate so maybe India phones up
and if you're new to the channel could
subscribe the vile okay but seriously
you guys are gonna die and you're gonna
love it so go check it out
