this is our scene this morning we are
working on homework for a couple of
hours this morning and I was lucky
enough to have Lincoln so I'm in house
with Lincoln and all the doors are shut
did you say hard buyers yay hope we're
getting on the pool I did today
yeah because wanna go to the pool from
yesterday you want there laughing and
today we're going to do it as we finish
our you think that the slips into the
pool were so fun huh no no baby no maybe
no no no no and then we have Joel
outside with Olivia and since her
homework is a little more hard we wanted
Lincoln in here with me and boss is just
playing out there with them so this is
our scene for the morning where we plan
on doing this and then we're going to
clean our apartment because we want to
keep it nice and clean so we're
comfortable and and there's a lot of
sand when it comes to the beach no these
books are not for you I know you want
them and cliff will end here so 6-0 no K
look right here six number equals 6 6
which means 0 plus 6 is 6
good job do you get it so let's turn the
page you know number that is we're going
to be done
I save Cody's honey
since Boston's Matt offering Olivia okay
great big booger
empty your system that's good mom look
mummy please daddy
hey hey hey grandpa Baba
hey grandma see grandma hey you look
like you've been over at the front door
Boston is so bored of it
oh that poor guy oh we do something
special with him he could keep so bored
of it kissing were uh in Hawaii for 30
days to occupy him right can I come in
oh hey we're doing show me what boss
baby does
okay we'd please do the faces that
you're doing earlier and the dance you
were doing look at me and just do this
that made me laugh so much thank you
okay we got the entire house all the way
clean and it feels really good we go all
the way done we have all of our sunblock
on the kids are excited to go swimming
is like I would I would say it's pouring
rain it's not really pouring rain it's a
very beautiful mist of rain I'm sure it
will pass though so we're just gonna
walk down anyway see the sun's already
coming out as we're talking like
whenever ancient I like it's not as
pretty cold in Utah like it's like warm
honey it doesn't feel like cool
especially it's like it's not very cold
it's like Hans we're gonna go get lunch
and then we'll go to the pool and I'm
sure it'll be done raining by then oh
yeah we done ready to go swimming on the
ball
I love the sounds that the rain makes I
think it's fun walking to the pool and
the risky
ah very funny Oh doesn't even matter if
it's raining doesn't even matter cuz oh
candle I know he doesn't want to be
picked up we'll just look at them and
then go on our way I love yous me want
me to record them use camera shy come
here no you don't get to be camera shy
oh hello there how are you romantic here
in Sydney to megabyte to him alright
let's go
well we're out here and it's totally
raining all over us this is the first
time I've been to the pool so little
bosses over here and I think that's like
a sand area oh this looks like sand but
it's not it's like pebbled there's a
little yeah there's a little sand in
here yeah no it's totally fan yep it's
oh my gosh it's totally sand in here
this is crazy
is there a hot tub TN again should we go
get in a hot tub on this cold day oh
this is really cool that it has its own
like sand area and then pool area boss
man let's go get in the hot tub you can
equate in the hot tub chilly in a hot
tub yeah oh the rain is so good it's so
fond of it's raining is a haha or
destroy it's like just warmer than the
bathtub oh it burns my feet oh my my
feet they're very cut up from all this
swimming needed in our fins I should
have wore like soft no no no no no no no
no go spray be
yeah I get in it feels good you can
happen while we sit here in the hot tub
and it's raining my mom used to always
be this kind of session get us and then
should talk and should say what you'd
love to say to us and I want you kids to
know that I love you more than anything
in this entire world do you know that
and you know what's the most important
thing to mama oh I want you to listen
you know the most important thing is to
moms
yeah is that you guys are happy and that
you and that you do the right things and
sometimes it's not easy to do the things
that are right so I want you guys to try
your very best to make choices in life
so that you can be happy we remember
that you guys remember to make good
choices so you're happy in life yes okay
me too because it's not always easy
right yes it's not very much I can't
like I'd really yeah yeah yeah I love
all of you so much yeah more than the
awesome dresses because my dress is so
beautiful would I have period in my team
oh come on that led us right on are you
serious was too too noticeable that if
you brush your teeth in the morning that
goes away I always yell a jolly not
y'all I am - or I didn't Joel when he
doesn't rush his teeth and today I was
like oh my gosh my face
okay real no but you thought they were
real yeah oh my word and then I open but
they're not me up oh I see I'm gonna
walk over here I'm going to show you one
of the sweetest things I get a kick out
of the small things guys I know you
already know this but the small things
are what get me there is a little shower
for the little kids and then a taller
shower for the adult love cute
these snorkel masks that the kids are
wearing I got them on Amazon I was
nervous because the reviews said that
they had a really strong smell to them
they kind of had it a smell they smell
like plastic anyway they are the best
thing that we have ever used so I'm
going to put a link in the description
for you guys if you're looking for
goggles
even without the snorkel part they're
worth buying this step forth anyway
they've just been so good for the kids
they do not leak like I was nervous that
they were going to leak and I am so
grateful so they don't leak they're so
awesome and my snorkel mask the Joe and
I have used oh my gosh they are so
perfect they don't leak yeah yep yep
we've been awesome so I'll make sure to
put a link for those in the description
if you guys want to check them out
you took a good nap today didn't you
I bring Lincoln just hold on run I'm not
asking I do not bear without machine oh
okay put your shoes on put your shoes on
and you can go play put your shoes on
and you can go play while Lincoln took
his nap the kids were out here they were
watching some shows on the computer is
really cute they're just sitting out
here because it's really warm even
though it's been raining and they all
the kids are up now and they have their
downtime and they found these neighbor
girls that they've been hanging out with
and I love that they have found a friend
Cody's down there playing Barbies with
me said mom I don't want to play Barbies
anyway I love that the kids have found
some neighbor friends these girls live
here I bet they really enjoy having a
friend too and they run around over
there and they play hide and seek and
they just stay right here in this little
area and I've been out here on the patio
watching them and it's just been kind of
fun what shirt do you wearing those well
those be your wet hair did you cut yes I
actually I actually just cut these and
Lincoln got stuff all over them yeah and
you know what I hated how they fitted
his pants because they weren't tight at
the bottom but they weren't loose and
hey I didn't buy a new pair of white
shorts
you sure
Hey look examine your outfit new hat new
shirt new shoes I don't even have it it
shows well on that note I think we are
going to have some dinner and put the
kids down for bed here in a little bit
we might walk down to the beach and
watch the sunset thank you guys for
watching if you guys haven't seen our
dolphin video I'm going to put a link to
it or an AI card up here it has been my
favorite video so far this entire trip
so if you guys want to see it I'm going
to put the link up here thank you guys
so much for watching our videos and
we're going to see you guys tomorrow
love you bye
you
