do you guys see the elevators on the
outside of the building that one's going
down like there it goes that's so cool I
love how these two tall buildings are
parallel and then that one is just like
I'm going to bend over and peekaboo out
the side here
photobomb no Joe I don't understand why
you just didn't know that eggs and
things is perfect back there it is so
hard to drive around Hawaii and get your
family where we need to be I was around
for some reason that's like just getting
so mad but we're good now right are you
okay are you setting me okay
we made it to eggs and things I've heard
that this place is really really good I
think I've been here to this chain when
I went to st. George anyway and we just
rolled out of bed
I have self-tanner on but I didn't even
bother washing off I know it looked like
horrifying right now we don't care if we
just like got up and we wanted to get
out and because we also have a lot of
plans later that I have to get ready for
that I want to have to get ready type it
okay
here we are I know this is a silly thing
to get excited about showing the size of
that just look at the cute little an
engineer we'll just hold it up because
I'm a kid yeah well you know why I bet
that's about three no I'm very like what
okay
one two maybe two and a half inches okay
but we've heard about their coconut
syrup
we may be purchasing that depending on
how and good it actually is guava
thorough Oh cute oh you think that's
about six win two nice that seems like a
perfectly healthy humble breakfast you
got there this is amazing folks Lincoln
you can undo that this seems outrageous
a little bit okay Oh
my Uncle Carl coconut Oh Cody and he
does unhappy skies it is still free and
because and he wanted at all but they're
all the same pancakes it's okay we're at
depth and it is freezing in here so left
has to be effective and he did the
amount has a while is phenomenal
okay I'm setting this aside for a second
I want to bake these pancakes up good we
came to the Ala Moana Shopping Center
because there's a store we need to go to
because somebody has a birthday on April
27th do we need to get a few things
nope not true for you maybe I am getting
a few ideas I thought the mall that I
helped build was like the most ironic
thing I've ever seen in my life this is
unreal
this has three full-blown stories that
are just huge going to parking I don't
have nine stories of parking but that's
what I thought it said somewhere there's
a lot of parking well yeah I think so
one two three four five six seven eight
something I don't know something no
there's one yes I think that's right
there's nine yeah you guys can see what
joel is interested in so the escalator
is broke over here and this is what joel
is most interested in he's all look how
cool this is easel
you can see how it works that you ever
going to look at this
we are exploit arrested looking around
playing and is the L Annette and Ellen I
came and said hi and she's from Sydney
Australia and today is her birthday so
we want to say happy birthday to this
cute girl Oh crash one two three
you
one is a home game another pipeline
lengthens down for nap and we would not
use pool at Floyd your famous bulimic
air dropping over you get miss your man
whose you miss not much just no no he's
not going in there I'm gonna pick him up
with it
come on come on come on little guy yeah
good yeah well
remove
we're driving past all these huge waves
and beaches is killing Cody he's
watching all the surfers other probably
can't see anything
these are like little waves fishing
we're on our way to a photo shoot right
now and taking forever to get there
she's got an hour to get back true
enjoyment
yeah yeah yeah yeah
we're at Cabela's I think I thought
koalas Cabella B Bay Tavella Bay I think
for our photo shoot the wind's blowing
like whoops and I've got this flower
headpiece and it's not the right colors
and there's pants curling through it so
I'm a little like nervous about my head
anyway no I know I'm not situated I'm
like Oxford I like all cricket
I've got like I'm not dressed up so of
that our fruit we're going to buy yes
this is pineapple fresh pineapple papaya
and dragon fruit you have like six my
back yeah this is what we were trying to
find when we came last time except if
you guys remember that everything looks
really good I've used papayas we had a
papaya for breakfast for the first time
today and it was good oh do you have
some in there oh good good these are
called banyan trees and they look just
crazy to me and they filmed the jungle
book here so pretty cool except
photographer oh come on Lincoln ah there
we go
no I'm good the photographer's dragon
aspect to these like thick wooded area
put the sand a little bit soft to walk
on so the stroller doesn't quite like
you so I turn it around and have it on
its back to will does just fine okay
these fishermen are what's up we made it
but we got here we made it the beats
were tracking today is none other
then the little baby Lincoln Wow Wow
don't eat it don't eat what a normal
jacket strolling out here because that's
not what to do on enemies but packing so
much stuff there's a convenience it was
easier to just kind of carry it and drag
along the beach anyway you know probably
the Apple it was worth it but I think
the kids are finally happy now because
we're done hike in and now we got to
just play Bonnie and Olivia are down the
beach shooting their photography and
Bonnie looks like a million bucks like
this is a almost little painful like a
little painful not gonna lie but this
guy is lovin the pineapple
yeah how cute is that mama get her
little dolly ready I want two three you
go haha
lean stand okay there you go
you look so pretty
Manny yeah Olivia you look so pretty and
I had to you he said can you give me a
dance do dance yeah we're not going to
tell her the discovered a man photoshoot
I think was a very big success and I
think I said that
every time I do a photo shoot is I
almost am in tears before we even start
because I just oh I just get so
uncomfortable like I'm in front of a
camera all the time in front of you guys
but it's not like I'm like you nestled I
think I do I don't know how to take good
pictures what I don't want to go away I
want to see it again but this went so
well and our photographer made us feel
very firm night me myself made me feel
very comfortable and Olivia is a
absolute natural where's the camera hey
the kids are being so cool okay go back
out
the kids have created this thing for the
kids for the ball then it oh look at
Lincoln again okay I just have to show
you his fan but oh you little stink
you just really follow it out I want to
see your fan but yeah okay make it
better one
okay I'm watching I'm watching hurry
before Lincoln destroys it oh come here
baby
oh you little stinker you come back to
this one come back to this one all right
this last one's gonna end the vlog let's
see it move your stick Boston Oh kind of
move your stick oh it's tough okay oh is
that what you meant by a sticker or I
mean a pencil so cute Olivia we are
going to end tonight on this absolutely
happy perfect note thank you guys so
much for watching ello and in case you
miss I do have a little bit of like self
tanner in this house we were shooting
I'm like a little you can just avoid the
can situation okay I love you guys so
much thank you for following us if you
enjoy watching our videos make sure you
give it a thumbs up if you're not
subscribed go ahead and subscribe and
we'll see you guys tomorrow we love you
bye this is too pretty to not pull the
camera out and show you guys and I
wanted to show you that right over there
they filmed the Hunger Games and then
also they used to have the Black Pearl
sitting over right in that corner pretty
cool Joel is coaching along Boston so
because we can't flop any more
