good morning you guys we got a 5 o'clock
this morning because we have some
awesome friends I used to work with a
guy named drew and his wife Jill they're
taking us to see dolphins swimming okay
apparently this is very glassy and
awesome and perfect for us to go out and
try and find some dolphin and so tonight
right here okay so this is drew I used
to work with him I love him and his cute
cute wife Jill I looking for a piss out
isn't that nice of you to get up at 5:00
on his day off today guess that's worth
it
we're waiting to see dolphins and the
sun's coming up right on that mountain
and I just think that this is so
peaceful and pretty out here
back in back in
Oh daddy if I did my live my life oh
yeah okay bill you're fired your
forehand winner
oh that's how horrible back
we made it
one last - out here for dolphins those
kind of starfish instead we're good it
feels so crazy because I don't get river
ah they can have your immunity
oh it's so yeah that's crazy
cool oh I think I had dived down at
least 25 feet together
Oh
swimming with dolphins out in the wild
is no joke oh that's hard work
there are about 37 of them sir they're
all look look little as you can see him
on this
I just can't swim anymore did you feed
us you can see the fin this is unreal
and
you
that was cool if you guys couldn't tell
swimming with the dolphins was the most
incredible thing I've ever done I did
not realize that we were actually going
to be swimming with the dolphins I guess
I didn't know what to expect when we
went out there so basically we swam out
there we waited for probably an hour and
an hour
yeah hour and a half and we just kind of
waited watch we got out of the water
thinking that we weren't going to find
any which I was content I mean it which
I was okay with because I didn't know
any better but now that we've seen them
Instagram with them it's like if we went
out and didn't see them I think I would
have been so heartbreaking and I refund
my free tour guide I'm so grateful to
Jill Andrew took time out of their day
to take us and that was just so much fun
this time paying them we haven't seen
him in a long time but um going out
there you find them and they kind of
swim around and you swim with them
you're you're just following me you just
swim on the surface and you can kind of
dive down and you just follow this pack
and they've come up every now and again
surrounding it isn't really a saying it
was the most incredible thing I've ever
done almost as incredible we came home
and he shouldn June June's mom Belle she
watched the kids the other day she
watched him again today I came home to a
clean crappie said children she brought
them breakfast she brought them a
blender she made smoothies with them to
us here this the laundry is going she
folded everything in the dryer she
started a load folded that and now she
has all of my towels in the washing
machine she did everything I came home
to clean laundry my bed was not maid she
made my bed the kids are all happy and I
just barely laid Boston to me you
goodness me I
just laid Boston down for a nap because
I think he got him very early so he
needs to take a nap but Bell made my
life so wonderful to think she has the
baby down right now and when I got home
she woke up so I picked him up and he
had a boobie diaper so she brought me
the stuff to do it I was wiping his bum
she took the diaper away it was just
like oh my god can you put can you
please live with me well you are so
wonderful and sweet and thoughtful and
kind and you have made this trip so
wonderful for us it's allowed you and I
to go out and do things yeah I do feel
about leaving the kids which is not
something that they would be able to do
and no holds a lot tonight I'm not sure
what we're going to do tonight we'll do
some fun it's my first probably did your
table wines mine - good morning you guys
it is Sunday morning we are dressed and
ready for church we are heading in and
we are going to end our vlog here so we
want to thank you guys for watching this
vlog stay tuned because we have many
more awesome ones and we'll see you guys
our next video bye guys
