good morning you guys it was a very very
late night last night we tried uploading
the vlog three times and we would get it
uploading and it would be like to our
upload time and so we would set our
alarm for an hour and the first two
times that we woke up it we just didn't
move it didn't upload and one of the
times uploaded but it wasn't it wasn't
right and so we had to delete it and
start over so it's a miracle to shoot I
saw yesterday's vlog so make sure to go
give it a thumbs up if you didn't
because wowza
that was crazy Joel is very tired this
morning I kind of helped a little bit
with them but anyway all the days that
we've been here we've been super super
busy today is going to be a last day for
YouTube and myself not by yourself then
you have you want me to open this don't
you okay okay hold on we're going to
pause and open this yeah there we go
oh you kids are going to stay home with
a babysitter and I probably don't want
you outside too too much so you'll just
kind of watch TV mm-hmm play with play
some games and maybe go for a walk with
the babysitter and Joe and I we don't
even know we're doing we don't even know
we're doing it we're going on a double
date with Keisha and June which i think
is really needed because when i haven't
even really talked it's like we run run
run during the day you edit at night and
then we go to click reverse so time for
action we wake up and do the same thing
which we're not complaining but it'll be
nice like to Joe talk look each other in
the eyes oh wow guys look at this the
baby Lincoln this is Bell June's mom
June mom your mom right now
oh it's June's mom I'm sorry I'm so
sorry this is Belle June's mom and she
brought some presents for the kids
oh and for even me
hmm I've been walking a Hawaii sure I
should say hanging angry really good get
it car oh good improve Max's so perfect
Wow and all the chocolates you guys have
fries they're gone yeah they're so yummy
they're so stinking good coloring good
and how are those the colors macadamia
shortbread yeah chip macadamia rubber to
me
thank you so much thank you so much
we've seen these mountains from apart
but we haven't seen him up close yes
this looks a lot different than where
we're living oh yeah June and Keisha are
going to take us out kayaking they just
got our kayaks because their sweetie is
Jules and they're changing we are going
to go out on an adventure
now
we're getting our guys skin to those
Islands over there
pretty far
all right people
we're getting closer
we're getting all the way you were doing
everything wrong Amer we've got
laughs
you
oh yeah what oh yeah those are gonna say
awesome I have been elevated could you
imagine if this is your home on the
water I don't even want to know how much
homes would be over here that was one of
the most incredible things I have done
that was the most unreal I hope that all
the footage we got did it justice but
you guys we did it
all he's focusing on is eating right now
can you believe we made it through that
I don't know how far that is how far how
far do you think we went five miles
Michael is it okay two miles each way
kayaks for a mile and there were like
grannies out there doing it yeah yeah
that's what I thought I'm like a grandma
can do it I can do it going but we're
all starving now so they brought us here
to get some last apparently they have
some good
oh yeah this would have to show all of
our food all the time so these ones come
with mango salsa honest mark yeah I
taste just like taste on the edge of
your ears almost good oh that's so yeah
I'm asking you guys where we're eating I
wanted I think we're at Molineux burger
let me set all those seafood that way I
can kind of keep track of where we're
eating and for anyone that's because a
lot of people are telling me they're
like hey where are you guys eating we're
to be traveling and we want nowhere
where you're almost yes it's take even I
don't need to take that I'm like can I
just have the flavor and I'm you're
right okay I think it's called oh no
steaks we're really trusting these guys
are leading us down that's really crazy
a secret hidden past I feel like your
path is one of those new like
pharmaceutical drugs it's got a really
cool theme a lot of side effects
yeah so if we make it down here we'll
show you what's at the end cuz I don't
even know I'm coming don't worry
oh wow Wow
you don't know where to grab okay what
to me come on to me oh my gosh look up
here for a second wow this is way cool
so pretty usually I do this really would
be way fun to eat dinner out here we're
heading back from this is called this
spitting caves anyway I think we're okay
we're ending our I think our party here
at this site guys have been so wonderful
thank you guys in your sweet mom June
you guys are so great today has been so
fun like it's just not it's not like an
adventurous date all day killin I had
the most incredible date with Keyshia
and jr. so grateful for them and for
their mom for helping us out in this way
brother kids down and we to the Aulani
resort we just walked over and we're
getting ice cream yes doing some ice
cream can you guys tell everybody a big
good night good good night can you guys
say good night
right everybody are for watching bye
you
you
