what a round of applause okay guys I got
this little bit all right think this can
be very dangerous so whatever I you know
if you move we're all going to get hurt
and we only have Obamacare dad it is
your daughter I can assure you we won't
let anything bad happen to her and why
not because we have so effect you know
that's why we're working on the street I
don't have to help no one working hard
to get there
now before we deliver this amazing grand
finale we do have a very important
message for the kids okay listen up if
you don't agree folders your father's a
fancy to be proud of you
say hello drugs and alcohol and stay and
school supplies attention this is are
you taking our girls to be our future
also if you take one to look around you
I see that everyone here is different
but there's only one great and that is
the unit rate for you to learn I live
together and believe Lord civilize to
follow your path again they're in the
grace is the power you clap if you don't
cause you're going to look great it is
gonna man I remember this guy you was
here last night if there's $50 every
yo-yo yeah thank you so much sir we're
going to make it a hundred today right
yes on my campus we know what to give
you this amazing grand finale we get up
and take us out everybody's going to
leave just like our last out and made me
my friend feel really sad as a team so
right now the perfect time for us come
on collect your don't ages I see
something you're not smiling anymore now
so since you don't have any money
it's okay the ATM is larger system of
course if you liked the show
click the show and a great tip whether
you go is when I go down
it won't make official Vegas at the
sweetheart I tell you what at these
people just doing it for 20s we're going
to give you 100 no 20 guys they'll be
here
there's a 10 reply from too much but
don't walk away so some love by watching
my grand finale business okay we're
going to provide to you break the ice
with those versed generous donation how
love is appreciated if you don't have
money free to walk away because the
person that's here Myka Myka listen
Mitchell
oh god yes again you thank you thank you
everything at any time can we have a
book on us I got $20 they are crispy you
look you - no duh Thank You Musa Moses
leads adult thank you so much buddy
thank you my friends we're not going to
begin a gun I'm going to get burger game
haha sweetheart I'm only going to get
one with the broke one you want to go
with one of the guys oh one more spoon
we're gonna give you one it's pretty
here live is a long way up with a girl
you guys got free milk here can we have
some more thank you can also go directly
come on man we must honor them arigato
arigato arigato fun day huh me huh
yeah I will now deal if not no turn to
you guys yeah we don't know no no no
good yeah so so you're ready okay nice
to know we got money from California
California that's my eye cream check to
see if it's real Maui with the bill
change it we're gonna give you a coin
I'm going going back back to Cali Cali
yeah
for a dog review only the pocket and her
father and wondering what's going on
people like wandering throwing money in
our pocket
ball three we got to go all right I
don't know DEA guys let's bring these
budget together Thank You collected just
like shirt only working today
all right first of all we would like to
say to look for letting it's that funny
do without hearing you now princess for
this last part you're just going to
watch me okay you're going to follow me
and we're going to do some census yes
we got away
oh yeah after all the name for ya Oh
breakfast okay yeah here we go right
there
oh look like as I just watch me go do
something real simple
I'll keep my promises okay here's your
first 20 they're helping us out one on
the street so they have to make your dad
proud
did you see a method voice to your 25
yeah we remembered a 35 now there you go
thank you so much thank you watching it
there for those who if any less amazing
aroma micro is nano such a guy
think you can imagine it looks the best
a cream I thought it oh yeah thank you
very much John have a real thing that
you say you want to get that back
and then
there's
