that's a nice workout I used to work out
of the gym at home it's really dreadful
and boring on a treadmill little cold to
run outside even awesome I like it but
here and we
that is amazing there's amazing that one
thing the runners will probably know
it's a lot easier to run down here the
ocean I feel like my lung capacity is
right with it
I mean I'm in a better exchange all
right this is have you tasted Boston
taste your breakfast and see what you
think
have you had any okay not the orange
juice take it taste your breakfast and
see what you think I don't want even
Lincoln eating that yeah well I got up
and made breakfast this morning thinking
that we could have hash browns and eggs
and it's quite possibly the most
disgusting breakfast that's ever had
because you didn't have anything to cook
can we down anything cook really happy
no hahaha okay so I it's something with
the pan it smells like chemicals I even
wash the pants before I use them oh good
so bad you guys so bad okay drink your
orange juice orange juice is for
breakfast Jasmine happens they're really
good hey daddy no no no we made
breakfast that's not good
does that her do the smell kind of
perfect hey hey how's your run hot
mm-hmm oh so hot a good workout hoy
I had nothing to cook with like I didn't
have any butter so it's just plain salt
and pepper that's effective I don't know
why I thought for some reason we had
some yes I don't know anyway it's just
kind of bad month a little bland you go
camping take the hashbrowns
this one isn't just a hash browns daddy
oh this Big Mike
you need that taste normal um I don't
know there's what Keys smellin like it
smells like chemical can you taste that
I literally couldn't even take a bite
like I put it in my mouth and I'm like
nope spit it out
thank you I still Buffy yeah a little
too much what do you say what do you
think um yeah we're having orange juice
for breakfast Leslie wouldn't read at
all tell in the black stay with Chris
brother I need a 100 guys so hot short
whatever oh my gosh
Oh question what are you saying in there
no no let's make are you talking about
it's not a lot imagine um job where is
it hi I'm the unser let them all in tie
needle look at a long piece of green
grass yeah yeah yeah Joella Eiffel -
talking nice in here I don't know why
I'm on say Hewitt you survey was what
Sophia or like I've never had okay
Boston is in the bathroom saying some
very questionable things about my face
are you ready for me to wipe your foot
coming coming darling
thanks for reading sentence you can
really mess
yes master I will set the nut on the
sand perfect good lunch
fun and see that exclamation Durham
ex-commissioner
eggs I agree yes so read it with an
exclamation at the end what fine is that
a lot that's the first couple of days
that we were here I let the kids have a
break because it is actually their
spring break but I don't want to get
behind on any of their schoolwork so
closee and I sat on the balcony and we
did homework together and it was very
enjoyable actually and I think we're
spending our morning a little bit easy
as far as activities go because we've
just been non-stop going and I feel like
the kids needed to sit down do some
homework we tried to have a nice
breakfast that didn't turn out very well
Joel was in here and he was cleaning the
pan out and he was like what did you do
like it wasn't me I like it was the pan
I swear it's a crappy pan anyway so I
think we're going to go into town for a
little bit and then take naps and then
we'll for sure do something fun this
afternoon no matter what don't tell you
I am an excellent navigator in the car
and I am so good at pronouncing all the
directions really well after we passed
the street and I am such an expert at
pronouncing the names of the streets
like I feel so good at it I feel like
it's profanity coming in whoopee that's
how I cheered Joel up is the thing you
put on a raunchy Rihanna song and sing
it to him did you try that
I love Rihanna
yeah the biggest I peed pinkie power
right now me power makes anyone you
can't even do it just go hate to see you
leave but I love to watch you walk away
Jolie look look at that pretty dress bun
stop this once and turn around
show us the glam look at the makeup look
at the hair today I just wanted to do a
little and I wanted to actually get
looks like a lot and I've been telling
her all day long look beautiful your
dress your hair your makeup everything
and she like doesn't believe me no I
didn't say that I think you're very
sweet by doing Shawn mission can you say
anything I do not buy very much coming
to Hawaii people voted Allah I'll put a
link for member the quarter dinner but I
will leave a link for of addresses what
I've been round be okay again
don't you want to look like that sure
you do Jolene come on
all right Cole IV I used to try standing
on it one more time
not a good one yeah but me all our five
take 500 good girl you planted in it
okay
it's busted ponies turn honey tended to
Cody let's see what you can do called
this is all closed been wanting to do
hey Carly look at you
good job Olivia don't you dare he thinks
he's gonna surf you guys he's waiting
for those ways
oh we're coating a Java you just try to
keep your balance
ow oh that's funny
alright go out and make us proud honey I
got the kid okay I'll search in a minute
deal
I am so proud of Cody jeez he's never
swam before and I just said look at mom
and we could not even hear each other we
held hands he wanted to hold my hand he
went out there and he swam and we were
looking at fish and he had his head in
the water oh the whole time I'm so proud
of my guy now he's frozen Oh proud of
him like I was so proud did you see some
cool fish do you see cool fish yeah what
colors uh we only saw one that was cool
enough
it was quite yellow light yellow light
yellow light why yellow doesn't taste
the best you know that I am just sitting
here at my editing station while Bonnie
is putting the kids to bed cleaning up
the mess from our late-night Beach run
and we are going to close the vlog here
if you like the vlog give it a thumbs up
if you're new to the channel subscribe
and if you are assuming you're an
existing subscriber
double check make sure your subscriber
so you don't miss out on any of our
Hawaii vacation fun bye guys
