good morning to you a family of mine yes
Wow this morning has been a crap show to
be very honest trying to get all the
kids ready for the beach this morning
was whoa Wow I think every kid was
crying at least twice but would you find
what you find an egg did it just drop no
to the side side into the first Oh will
you bring my own kid what we better do
it around again here you just run okay
you guys wait right here okay Olivia
push Boston we're going to keep walking
yes we're going to keep walking while
Dad gets lifejackets boom all right guys
wait for mama can you guys believe how
sweet this guy look oh wow okay it's
going to be a good day of course excuse
me that they were going to the beach it
was just extremely rocky the kids got up
at like 5:00 again they're just not used
to the time here and anyway crazy but
it's good we're all good everyone's
happy now and little Missy is my best
helper in the world thanks honey bunny
sounds fun yeah we just met
it was Azariah yeah Azariah at one of
the stores and she watching on our
videos and all my siblings video so that
was really fun to say hi to her
Bonnie favorite trees are the swaying
palm trees any kind of palm trees she
likes but mine are these trees right
here they're a huge one right by the
freeway and they just have like this
flat canopy it almost looks like a
building to me it really is incredible
looking I think salmon you just kind of
see the Shelf so that it creates
anything oh oh good hi Olivia all the
flowers there's a little bitty flower
growing on it I wonder what it is
and I think I need to correct you I'm
new so that my favorite was the palm
tree I think you met pine tree Oh pine
tree yeah the pine tree native to Hawaii
only I think what was surrounded by pine
trees yeah we're watching this sailboat
and it's going to go past the reef and
the kids are so excited yes there it
goes oh yeah no Sanjeet ah ha there's
all the Moana references I think that
sounds so fun to go past the reef
yeah we were talking about sneaker waves
the other day I think this is the
perfect shady spot right underneath the
palm tree how cute is the shadow thanks
alright look he's ready to go we'll Tito
you little eager you little eager
beaver's you wanna come I know
there we go babies on the feet Lisa
Pizza fun you are a little dream oh my
goodness ding hello mama but you've got
it okay seeing his face is so incredible
yeah
oh there you go will miss me pizza feel
good doesn't man oh my gosh yeah Olivia
and I are collecting seashells this time
around you know what it's very hard
yeah whoa it's very hard to find
seashells here believe me I try pass him
I know assistance that's mine and
Olivia's goal we really want to find as
many Cheetos as we can huh
I'm going to pray we find some oh look
at that little teeny one you're looking
at secret
main campus Ilana
Wow kids are finding friends on the
beach left and right there's a beautiful
baby girl named Cora over here so we've
been playing with but I wanted to show
you from this angle Joel and Cody out on
the paddleboard because I'm sure Joel
will have turned the footage from his
perspective but I wanted to show you
guys them from over here here they are
again I'm gonna jump on this top
cannibal we're great now okay turn it
away oh yeah yeah okay ready one two
yeah that's a good idea well I think
that today was a very successful day
here at The Cove but we are a little
spent look there's people down there
getting of wedding pictures but we are
anybody for an app for Lincoln Randy
person maybe some tacos there's a taco
stand right below where we're things and
I think we might go get some tacos and
you miss we're going to go down for a
nap
what you're seeing now is a mother
taking care of her young in the wild
primitive Hawaii
she continues to wash all the sand until
they're sparkly clean
she continues to wash the sand until the
sparkly clean the one thing that I have
been trying to do for every year of my
entire life is not get sunburned
we lathered an SPF 70 joel has be a 70
alpha lover
wait look at my waters look what makes
me even more mad though is that he's
burned it's like look at his look at his
arm it makes me so mad that my little
baby is burned
we lathered and as we have seven meet I
honestly don't understand where the
breakdown is unless everybody else has
fair skin like you sensitive and I do
not have that it doesn't matter
I will cut myself and sunblock and still
get burned the kids are a little bit red
ice already fake I just think they have
to like we were there for a while and I
think we have to really pay attention to
that 80 minutes or however long though
the duration of the sunscreen is good
for we really have to be on top of that
because I think I think I just missed a
spot
yeah I think he misses fun but I rubbed
him down see you make head did you rub
him down or did I I remember head yeah
did I
I know I did I remember doing his feet I
remember we had an extremely active
morning and you don't wanted to eat this
so he came home and put him down for a
good nap let the kids have a little
quiet time and and now I think we're
going to go in and explore town I think
we're going to drive into Waikiki which
is a little bit away I go all the way to
Waikiki I want to go to Waikiki yeah
mostly because I want to go see food
places I don't feel like I'm starving
all the time but I'm like starving for
good seafood here because I don't like
fish I really don't like fish but all
the meals we've gone out and I've gone
fish tacos and they are just blowing my
mind and I really just want to have some
some more fish that's yummy from here he
is showing me her you burnt - yeah I'm
hit already looks like I swear I was not
going to allow anyone to get sunburned
we didn't bring the bottle of unburn oh
well just we'll have to go get the aloe
vera look at the tree trunk that is a
great looking training ultimately it
will be heaven how I think ooh who
blocking me we're trying to find parking
and it's not easy we brought the kids
out to dinner and the dinner is right
behind us we're at juice and the kids
have this new sense of Independence when
we're done with dinner will come I don't
want you freezing for dinner though yeah
these kids have a new sense of
Independence and they want to do
everything by themselves and they think
that they're big enough people play in
the ocean it's like I'm not big enough
to go play in the ocean the ocean tears
me apart it's like ooh stay away it's
good food what do you guys think so when
I came in January I stayed right here if
you guys remember these that mountain is
what I always remember anyway I think
Joel is loving being here to keep things
fun you've been really quiet though like
I keep asking my like are you having fun
like it's definitely different with kids
but it's a different fun it's just
different I enjoy watching them enjoy
their time here should we go see if our
dinner's ready food is here the kids are
happy our boat was okay oh oh yeah Joe's
been so jealous of all these boats that
have been pulling up under Boris okay so
I made Joe get the Cajun fish tacos but
that's I got last time and they were so
young
chuckles every day that we've been here
so far and we're not complaining
we're not complaining they look so good
I am another bite what we're all sharing
the nachos and I go to salads um okay
what do you think yes no you like it
isn't good if you like some stuff
waiting hey pretty good great the tacos
are not just fish taco oh you want
things out when you're older okay what
do you think okay are you happy I made
its way
yay okay are these better than the other
night flavor yeah go home get back get
back you're back they're going to get up
closer take your hot soup kids
I don't think there's a better way to
close the vlog than on the sandy beach
the kids are loving life I keep asking
them I'm like who's happy and Olivia and
Cody are like me and Boston Boston are
you happy now I am Jenny gimlet yeah he
loves little things make him unhappy our
water yeah you fell in the water I feel
like I'm staring at you and I see her
holding her breath really oh I know I
kind of thought that was so sweet that
she was holding her dress that way
look how like amazing she looks down
there it's like she's soaking it in like
many times I've seen her be cheery I'm
I'm like yeah that's me like Jesus oh
he's so happy and hyper and we've got a
full tummy yeah you can't walk there
little swallow you up there is a huge
wave and they're running from the nose
so funny
here's a big one this is so not really
13 Olivia down here the way Santino's up
there
playing in the sand and hearing his
laugh was so funny
anyway I want to tell my family friends
and all of you subscribers and viewers
that I love you so much and that I'm so
grateful for you guys and we are so
happy that we're so happy to be here and
happy that you guys are following along
so we'll see you guys tomorrow bye
