that was built like that
good morning United and welcome to our
summer beach house we are renting this
but it is ours pretty much since ours
for the month and we've already felt the
weight of that because we've already had
to do repairs yeah think of this you
kind of know the AC isn't working well
and it's really hot
oh so social kind of internal right
working even it wasn't working on young
we had to talk about that okay so on to
the tour when you walk and there's a
little area here and if you walk
straight into the living room there is
um and living space here a TV I think
it's very welcoming and light which I
was attracted to when we were looking
for a place and here's the table and
they have a high chair for Lincoln which
is often because we don't have any we've
never had a high chair yeah he loved it
if we had space I would have a height
chart there's like no we're high chair
in our kitchen anyway here is the
kitchen and yesterday our friends
brought us being used treat in a bag
which was so thoughtful then because
it's the only treats we have around here
and they came in very handy last night
while as dangerous no not-not-not so the
kitchen area we did go grocery shopping
last night Oh Joel got sodas certain
ways and and we just have a few dinner
so so there's that and then we also have
a laundry room or a washer and dryer
anyway we already have a basket full the
love is every time a basket full of
laundry that needs done already to
yesterday all of our travel tote site we
had wait we have this closet
this is secret Kendall
it's a secret I like all the colorful
artwork on the walls so here's one of
the rooms and that has this is where
guests will stay if you have any you
don't have to pick two and then we have
all the kids clothes in here which is
kind of nice and we just write they're
all one together kind of nice there's a
little TV and then Olivia was so excited
because this has a cone balcony out here
that we will show later in the vlog a
little more of so Lincoln is sleeping in
here so I'm not going to go in there
kind of like we have a little station
for like a like a onesie - yeah more
artwork here is another bedroom where
the two boys are staying and I love
their shutters in all that room down
this hallway here the house comes with a
sexy man are you sucking it up quickly
here is a hall closet in the hallway and
we just have like our luggage and then
some circling games stuff and then
church clothes so I enjoy that mark all
right all right now yeah this part is my
favorite there's a I want a master
bathroom so bad this is the bathroom
that's nice and big and then it has a
shower in here
oh yeah haven't put it to use yet my are
distinct a bathroom in here toilet and
then this is our bedroom that is so fun
so fun I just love playing it look for
tall this is that is huge
I love the ceiling lamp and the trees of
you
do you guys know how excited they were
to do that should we show them our
favorite part is our little balcony come
out here nothing image that's right one
of our favorite spots I think is going
to be out here because it's just pretty
to sit you're out of the Sun and you can
just see how beautiful it is up there oh
why would I love the fans I don't want
to sound like that well it's like I
always want one of those my house I'm
like how do you know that is No
yeah do you guys like our new place so
we're staying in oh yes so that's our
simple hook for you guys what do you
think I think that we are going to enjoy
it very much
what time did you go home know why you
like wait there's no way you're home
1:30 and also for three yes that's right
so you're home for 30 yard time oh my
gosh
24 hours oh my word internet wasn't
looking last night it's not connected
anyway and I texted the lady that owns
this place over and over and I don't
think I think she's on a way different
time son anyway we got to get that
figured out today
one thing I'm so glad that we platter on
top oh gosh I've you and I we everybody
a little girl oh I know you Joe and I
are like so picky about our pillows and
just like my favorite like I woke up and
saw the light and was just kind of
looking out the window through the palm
tree yet you can see it right there and
yesterday I said pine tree songs are not
pine tree palm tree I was like Oh see
yeah I noticed that when editing
like time you know I can see there this
is pretty
all the kids woke up did you share link
and all the kids woke up at 5:00 4:30 it
was just a wake for the day I'm like you
will go back to bed
Olivia it looks like you have been busy
this morning is this a baby coconut have
you guys had fun looks like Hawaii does
the same thing to your hair that it does
to mine these two are for springtime
you two ever loved they literally are
the prettiest flowers those are that's
the only one it on blossom these two are
full of these two overspray to Lana
these two are for fun these two are for
caring for others these two are for
sending type of with family and then
these three are for your family why is
your underwear all you guys see this bag
we what is it call uh like vacuum seal
bags
yeah we went and bought these matches so
bad and this is the only way we were
able to get all as you can see it is all
of these clones it's like a brick to
like you showed again did you come out
here and what did you think I want to
jump you to the room um yeah I hope you
guys really do not do that don't ever
ever shoot that found it's not mine I
wouldn't be surprised if you ever did
all right
can you believe we're here Olivia oh
yeah why don't you move back yep the
kids were forcing water all over the
driveway that's alright Joel what do you
think we would face in medicine China
France I told you why do you think I was
being so crazy about it I just let your
pregnant
saying but it is the best time for us to
come well so we wanted to come out in
February and who wanted to come out in
March and we could have but we weren't
sure if my aunt Sonia was going to pass
away while we were gone and I wasn't
about to miss that and I wanted to be
there for my mom so we waited and it
just turned out to be in April and a lot
of people are like why don't you just
wait until the summer times you have to
take the kids out of school and we just
didn't want to even went away and we our
plan was to go when Utah was still snowy
and it was still like kind of cold there
but what I I'm glad we're not here
during the summer time though when I was
at the car on a place yesterday I waited
in line for probably about an hour just
in line on rent on regular season and
she says in the summertime the line is
three times out yeah we don't want to
come and it was too too busy so and the
kids are young enough but we can know
they'll make it at ease with school with
them anyways yep they'll make it up easy
I just I just can't get over looking at
the pine trees palm trees I know laundry
like I don't get sick of that do you
Joely
I loved boys like I used to be a
landscaper and this voyage just doesn't
not only do these not grow oh look at
that row like this commute oh look you
can't even see it on the like walkway is
just so thick and lush the kids have
just been exploring like crazy so you
teaching Mattias off good morning babies
oh my goodness that's your hand things
yeah well we need to need to be guys
look at grandma grandma was concerned
that we never found you a green top but
this is the green top that we ended up
finding for you what you guys have
already had a water fight I definitely
think that we should be having dinners
out here do you guys want to eat dinner
out here we got hot dogs and welcome
tonight for dinner head cuz we have a
grill we'll do something I don't know
what we'll do you're a champion
okay I like a mistress out here Cody
would you want to sleep out here here we
were thinking is that we could leave
this door open
me and Dad and you kids can have a
sleepover out here would you want to do
that you can sleep on the couch there's
room for all of you on that if you want
to I think we could totally do that you
can have a place that can make you lose
any hat you know those things on the
airport council
yep your neck pillows um you guys have
good eyes I think someone was like that
looks like a Lonnie in the background
that is the Disney Resort back there
Tony what do you think you're doing
what are you doing down there what are
you doing
okay make your water bombs hey daddy
kids are dying we're walking out just to
see this Cove that we're by and no not
today not tomorrow yep
so today is Sunday and on Sundays we
don't like to do the normal activities
that we usually do through the rest of
the week just because we like to try and
keep the Sabbath day holy and the kids
are going somewhere here
that's crazy for July we thought things
okay if you want to go for a stroll by
the beach I think that's okay and this
place is just so beautiful and we need
to get the kids out we this morning we
lounged around all morning and we
watched a General Conference for our
church and now we're just getting the
kids out oh yeah yeah we're just going
to go for a walk and we're going to go
put our toes in the beach look at the
Queen in the water
oh those are way cool Wow The Cove is
better than it's like the picture shows
I like the cove because its calm water
and so we stopped up there yep this is
the first time the ocean water
so much for not letting the kids get in
the water I guess I was like asking him
I felt like asking me impossible I know
we did try though
that's a cat's right we tried right
we were just down there in the cove and
we walked up here and you walk up over
this Ridge can you just see amazing
the ocean is and the Sun and this cute
little thing over here is playing her
ukulele I can't because I have literally
no words
you
Bonnie just got back from doing
something that she has not done in a
very very long time and I'm so proud of
her I can't even stand it right now
actually
yeah well you look cute because I went
ah Joe came hopefully I'll go home
tonight and Joel Joel starts everything
well I give the kids put in bed see we
don't even show anything Oh see from
doing anything come and doing nothing
then looking around missing Utah staring
to the Utah mountain and I start module
and it I'm going to run and it felt so
but like it felt souljah to let me get
my blood pumpin and it's 80 degrees
outside still just for a little side
note so it didn't cause it didn't even
feel hot potato like the wind is so
awesome and my tip of my nose was like
clothing was it closely it's gonna pop
on its own home
well I am going to finish up editing now
and we are going to call it a night so
we will see you guys tomorrow so thumbs
up if you liked the video and subscribe
if you're new to our channel and welcome
to our Channel and our Hawaii adventure
I guess mm okay we'll see you guys
tomorrow at the beach
