let's see that again let me see what's
that called
good job who taught you that you did
Cody did oh my goodness sakes what's it
called what's that called yeah what is
it a cheek that one is green half Tanner
on me hand again like from my neck down
and I must have like fallen asleep with
my hand gosh dang it
oh hey Boston wants me to feel his chest
right here because he thinks he has a
six-pack yeah those are six-pack I just
have like a brown spot on the hand last
time it came mostly off of the shower
ah well somebody woke up with a little
bit of enthusiasm for the day no wonder
he seriously gotten into the ice cream
no you cannot have ice cream we'll have
ice cream later okay look at me
give dad the ice cream hand over the ice
cream pent note hand over the ice cream
just lady ice cream down we'll all walk
away safe okay okay okay okay look let
me see the ice cream it's too early for
ice cream it's breakfast just hand over
the ice cream and nobody has to get hurt
oh I got it got it safe
okay I see this little gremlin like we
did here boss the boss is like I'm gonna
go get Lincoln if you're all like no you
leave him alone
listen shoulda listened but I recovered
the ice cream safe what is he doing he's
like okay thank you
give me the lid give me the lid
drop it drop it drop it don't lick your
hand clean lick it clean all right
you're disgusting you smell terrible
yeah oh my gosh okay hey Boston that
looks like good snow attire you having
fun playing in the snow and your jammies
your snow pants are over there bud and
apparently your no pants are right there
what a grandma grandpa say to you when
you I saw you in your jammies he thinks
oh hey bond am I going on the trip with
you
I wish how come I'm packing for it then
because last night I said I can either
pack or I can hang out with you and you
were like I have no recollection of that
can I tell you guys what I usually do
I'm sitting here packing my makeup I do
this every trip it's like okay I know it
shade a foundation I'm wearing but just
miraculously if overnight it changes I
have to bring every shade of foundation
and with concealers I honestly like I
know I can get away with one but what if
someone there needs a different shape
than they are
Sol Bonnie why are you doing what if I
need to do someone's makeup for then
when I get there I need to have all my
shades the only thing I ever over pack
on is makeup not clothes not jewelry
like I don't know what makeup apocalypse
you're waiting on I think people will
pack their own let me get my backpack
can you stop sneaking into the freezer
okay do you want that ice cream you got
to earn it the only way he would stop
crying
if Joe's like let's write your name on a
robot think it on there I was really
okay after your nap time this will be
Lincoln Lincoln's does that make you
happy nice look that says Lincoln sort
of there's a tear streaming down his
cheek hey hey that's yours
only after naptime you quit getting in
my freezer and you have to take a good
nap I just pulled him out of the freezer
and he we had this conversation he was
like a five-minute break up two seconds
later he's quiet I go over the freezers
cracked open and he's on the stairs
why are you acting like that's so hard
to squeeze together you can tell that it
was my night to go soft tanning because
I've got a blanket over my pillowcase so
it doesn't go Brown
if John loves that that balloon scared
me so that I was sitting here like
focusing in it like fulminated between
creepily came in between us grace my
face we had three balloons and one for
each of the boys a hum and Lincoln was
holding his Boston pot is Lincoln looked
right at his balloon he goes
um every year we let off a balloon for
my really good friends that I haven't
seen for a really long time I can't
believe it's been seven years since she
lost her little babe and I don't know
she's a really special friend test it's
like I don't talk to her very often but
she's just someone that I truly love and
so this is what we do for her
not to 12
now
just before time that's the size your
legs are gonna go one pair of jeans you
didn't find any jeans up in none of them
had stretch the holes are in weird
places
I hate Jean shopping you guys know this
bonnie likes with pants
what I like my jeans to do wide for
pants we stretchy anyway everyone likes
stretchy pants Joel I'm gonna have to be
strategic right put the camera cause
it's super windy so you're not gonna be
able to hear out here I don't even think
we told him where I was going I'm just
getting on a plane and going so ruby
invited me to go to this conference
she's invited me to go to this
conference where we're gonna learn about
I don't know Instagram follow me on
Instagram and you'll find out pink suits
you well thank you for dropping me off I
was gonna drive myself and he insisted
on bringing me so it's not gonna Park
down here no he knows he has to kiss
Lisa
I feel like the day is going very very
well considering Bonnie's been gone
three hours nobody's tried yet I haven't
cried yet
Olivia's practicing piano Cody just read
and is now doing math Lincoln is playing
with his little toy and sitting at the
table and Boston hopefully is downstairs
getting his jammies on Oh your jammies I
thought they were like your Magic Mike
outfit or something that's awesome we
have had a wonderful day so far and I
think this trip is gonna be different
I honestly believe that when my left
Bonnie today and I was talking to her
she called me after I left the airport
and that normally doesn't happen
normally she's kind of excited to go on
her trip whatever does her think for a
little bit and I text her really quick
she called me and I think she's gonna
miss me more than I'm gonna miss her I'm
pretty missable
all right you're not miss that's not
good oh dear
Boston wait oh how come it's bedtime and
you're upstairs that is right
bonnie has gone for exactly four nights
and I have exactly four children and
that's it for that's it I'm not having
any more and I'm gonna take a night
every night and let one of the kids
sleep in my bed with me because I don't
sleep very good when I'll have somebody
you're a little scared when mom's not
here Boston yeah you have to sleep on
mommy's side though and mom doesn't
cuddle me at night so I don't expect you
to either all right Captain America Hulk
Avenger jammies now if we get off my bed
what happens if we get off my bed
you will not sleep in my bed do you stay
on my bed okay I love you
goodnight baby can you say good night to
everybody
who would not want to sleep next to that
