I cannot believe that this morning is
here this is what the kids are going to
see when they walk upstairs
thunderous excited good morning you guys
curse you could conjure you guys we need
to hurry and get ready because we're
going to Hawaii yeah we are we're going
to allow you to burn all of your xxx
yeah I need it
hey sy huh today's April 4th day April
Fool's you're kidding
we're going to go snorkeling add up I
like one that goes all the way over no
face okay are we going on the plane we
are getting on an airplane
Boston forces Boston for a surprise the
shark backpack is endorsing I bought
them there's all sorts of stuff in here
we're not opening the weekend don't
forget we're not opening the bags I have
all your soul
- you want to go on an airplane today
live a life away
no we're going to get dressed and get
ready on a good thing that you can know
every day who's excited yes and
seashells and lots of cool stuff
uh where's long-range alloys everyone
takes a while to get on the plane you
guys
the plane ride is seven hours long
we're going to take turns you have to
take turns at my one can I go first can
we bring the DVDs I hope we had an
adventure on they can either go we were
going to oh I um girl I can't
I restored when I had to go to school on
Monday next Monday not this money but
next Monday you know maybe in high
school I won't be hurried ye you can
make it out to my to much I were in
charge treat a pleasure
and she fits this okay um she wasn't
very happy she was like I don't know if
that's the smartest thing to do now I
said can you please give me all of
Olivia's homework and I went and talked
to Toby's teacher and I said can I
please have all approaches homework and
guess what she was like the most fun
ever issues a little more it is in your
uterus right now are you I celebrated
your birthday yeah are depolarizes
birthday at line yes yeah because they
said are you can be given me consoles we
had so yeah your children trying to blow
a little bit okay
and pray always here are you scared yes
I'm not scared of anything here right
getting dry
all right we're going to say family part
we need safety and we need to be watched
over go over there so okay hold on said
your favorite are you father now
well Ellie thank you for I'm gonna go
the car but if L look so tight um you're
right I wish you were getting in my bag
and coming with us thanks for bringing
us they look so cute carry in their bag
here Odie barking look at him push that
thing it's a good thing it goes well you
Boston - look at mama
Cody can you believe you're going to
write a plane for the first time today
look at you push disgusting
well okay hear me yeah okay you just
tuck that thing in there baby boy we've
got Lincoln down here yeah so we don't
have to do any of this yet we just go
straight for security purposes you guys
I'm going ahead with you I'm not sure
what I'm more excited this time or last
time I don't know I think this time
because I'm excited for my babies to
experience what I got to experience
every order oh I'm terrified to take
Lincoln on the plane terrified you okay
incoming I know it's kind of hard huh
okay we made it through very easily
there you're just going through one of
the bags right now so I think that was
pretty smooth I'm not going to complain
about that he's working like a dog Cody
what are you excited tell me about the
Doubledays Comerica devil day today
because right when we get to Hawaii our
side is going to be duck and this is
gonna be like doing it how are our
delegate balls I know he's so excited
for double days
you
yeah look at mama
hi we hung time prospects crazy - golly
- the
yeah are you
you're ready to blast off
yeah in fact I'll be going yep we'll
start in the moving coding so I can
please
oh my goodness we just landed and the
flight wasn't too crazy but I need
English your challenge is a baby
Peppa so hey we are good my head hurts a
little bit yeah monkey and I feel very
hot yes yeah
ha what do you think of the pine trees
Cody do you love them Olivia do you
think it's pretty yes you can oh you're
so brave so those are for the new ways
oh thank you so much is on your right I
like your camera look so much oh my
goodness yeah oh yeah oh honey look what
she has for you do you know how excited
I am to like have these when we first
landed the first time that's all I
wanted was like someone to let me
translate and now we knows no one juice
oh this is so fun Boston black honey I
don't want a green one for you oh that's
okay oh my gosh you just made our like
our whole trip I know Olivia how special
are these oh thank you guys if you guys
don't remember from when I was here in
Hawaii that was Keisha and her husband
and they are the one of the IVF grant
winners from alien Jared's on giveaway
and they met it here and I can't even
tell you how thoughtful like oh wait
hard look so cool like having someone
greet us here was my glaze I just can't
so excited it was just so thoughtful
we're going to hang out them a little
and I think they're going to do able to
be parity to some like that are very
very grateful for that and I'm pretty
sure they have a channel so we'll make
sure to put it into action below for a
walk look at your window you guys were
pulling up to our plane your destination
is on the right
oh my goodness you guys we made it to
Hawaii we made it to our place and
Boston is spent
it was his real bedtime hours and hours
ago and Olivia was sad because her lay
was dying so I gave her mine huh yes
it's okay it's okay that's just what
happened that's what happens we are
going to head to dinner our kids are so
spent so tomorrow we will be giving you
guys a tour of our place we staying in
it is gorgeous
it's a better than I could have imagined
yes way better than I imagined I was a
little nervous but it is unreal and I
can't believe our location yeah this is
very beautiful here this is very
beautiful here Oh Cody and nemr they're
just kind of going nuts
yes yeah we are going to say good night
to you guys so we can get our kids
settles get us settled you mean if you
guys want to see our journey if you want
to watch us and see what we do here in
Hawaii make sure you subscribe
I'll just root this little wave little
bit like two hours that's everybody's
bet give this video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed I will see you guys tomorrow bye
guys
I just let me say hello to birthday
