good morning everybody everybody sitting
down to a little bowl of cereal Lincoln
standing up what well say well that
looks like a great day for it it's clear
skies yeah yeah there you go nice blue
sky we're going to get some work done
outside huh Lincoln's not even being
bothered by stitches he does however
have a troll stamp her trolls bandaid on
his forehead which is very fitting for
him he's more like a Bergen I think mom
yes okay but he's got a bit of a stuffy
nose and I don't know where that came
from but that's okay got a little call
from stuff he knows but he did okay last
night but I think he would have been
just fine last night with the snitches
but he just had a cop so he was up a
little bit last night with his coffee
Cole he can't breathe but other than
that he's doing great how are you doing
coat yeah good how are you doing Boston
yep smiley guy that is show me that time
again let's see that oh that's uh not
picking up any hitchhikers with that
thing bud yes where do you want me to
hold you welcome here
good morning you guys I wanted to say
hello and update you on my little
Lincoln listen do you like his trawled
banded
I got up with him several times last
night I was watching him in the monitor
and he was taking his head Jill you are
such a creep
hey lady hey I have someone looking in
the window at me like a baby he was
taking his head and he was rubbing it on
the crib and then he would start crying
and that was really sad anyway so I went
in a few times and held him and yeah
yeah can you face all right no move your
cookie big ball there bull can you say
it's not you Lincoln kik-kik use would
you like me he's been talking a little
bit more lately um
can you woke up and is so happy running
bubbly everywhere I'm just like can you
calm down you're gonna rip your stitches
back open but he wouldn't leave Vinnie
is for not alone and so I abandon I'm
entirely not even a little sparkle
finding fake no no no no no no you want
to get down and you can eat your cookie
yes speaking of eating are you starving
Oh should we find some lunch
well I did work out so okay we need to
run to the devil so lips we do I'm going
to add up all those limbs mmm the doll
payroll Maximilian I do have to say that
this little bossing weight of mine has
been so sensitive I think that yesterday
really made him kind of nervous and he's
just kind of been huggy and lovey on me
all day and all yesterday haven't you
baby boy one thing I will say is since
yesterday my stomach has been in a pit
it's just been a not um I don't think I
should have cried as much as I kiss it
and it wasn't even it's just I don't
know like baby of them your children
have a certain heartstrings and it's
like you do not like your babies to be
hurt or sad or upset like when Boston
had his surgery when Olivia had her eye
surgery I felt Lincoln I said don't
touch your scar like don't touch your
army and I said you know you did Olivia
when you were little she had to put in
her eyes and she was rubbing her eyes
rubbing her eyes she opened and the tube
was like kickin ahead of her eye both
Jill and I were like
my pan bagnat tube looks like the tag
that come on your clothes like a little
time yeah yeah yeah probably little
signal Sakura Paula yes everything
seriously was like that didn't make me
isn't what she is so ready for some
lunch and then had to get tweezer Joel
had to hold her down and I like that was
Gerudo pops it out and it was long and
you had to apply very firm pressure
so who's lightheaded from listening to
that I'm sure my dad is I think he like
person you and skip this section okay
she will give you some money oh this
whistling joel is uber laying over the
old pickup in front of us you've always
liked those old pickups huh
for bad boys how many times you think
we've been here to the dump
um a million it once or twice maybe
we've been to the done so many times I
put a lot actually I put a lot of
greenways I'm gonna say I would say a
lot of our trips have been bring
greenways we have really overhauled our
yard well our dump is really cool
because they have a green waste program
where like all of your tree trimmings is
free and then you get a discount on like
the mulch they make out of it it's
awesome awesome
okay you ready to help daddy now if
you're gonna hop out you got to actually
help can you do that get over here
you're going to help we should have
brought your gloves what were we
thinking John the whole things I've had
y'all bad today I feel like it's like a
hundred degrees up my job make sounds
like
my job is usually to do those pies
okay bison we'll just stand here and be
thoughtful okay I'll help you go on yo
my little great yes Joel pruned the
grapevine the pile of limbs Joel does
the grapes and we hire someone to do the
fruit trees because they can do such a
better job we've tried and it doesn't
just kind of like it's an art whoa and
be even said when he first started
learning it like you need to cut this
tree doesn't really can't part with it
and now they like hey I think someone's
back and I are you know oh well you'll
have to run someone who's like I'm a
where are you going he's on not telling
you like tell me where you been I was
like what are you doing Julie what the
heck you totally can bonnie has her bike
up in the garage I'll get it now
okay so does that go behind a regular
bicycle and look at him look at him
we're sinking Alec oh yeah what do you
think what's the matter boy like I've
always wanted to go fight crime in art
and like a family or something and watch
it are you serious you feel like you
just want to cry because you're so happy
do you know that come here do you know
that means you can bring his first time
really yeah I know I know
do a bite out daddy surprise us with
that come here I need a hug do you know
what that means tell them I love it when
you get there okay I will
no I'm going to go see grandma with
Ellie and you have a very tender heart
um so cute Lincoln he already knows yeah
don't look at him he like knows that
this is meant for him did you get that
did you bump your head you know you
hadn't looked at him I always wanted it
plus your drink says like all-time
trying to bring in the flowers and trees
I want to wear my knee I know what I
find
that's my fat - I loved all the
surprises and toys on this is adorable
cute American my bike Joel you're a good
daddy oh okay I am going to go with
Ellie thank you for watching the kids
not going anywhere thank you I'll hold
goodbye boys
well mr. camper you are not happy I
thought for sure the thing would just
make you tickled pink hey hurry up code
grab your bike Olivia you got your bike
let's go I hope I really hope Lincoln
will be happy once we get moving I think
he just needs to experience the ride and
then he'll be okay okay bud okay we are
going out for any long bike ride today
but I figured it's look we got a lot of
times there so I wanted to take the kids
through Utah State University my alma
mater and to get there you can cut
through the cemetery which is really
pretty cool and little gruesome sava
this for me and Bonnie will be buried I
don't know
Oh
No
I'm sorry class that's okay grass
doesn't hurt food I promise I promise it
doesn't it doesn't
I
Oh
Oh
ah
well I'm curious looks pretty nice right
there I think that that little trailer
was actually smooth I thought it was
going to be a little bit different
rougher it was a really smooth
occasionally help riding bike you get uh
need a little problem so we got a look
at his chain back on Oh to me a lot I
have a few long stop it to me again or
the Catena because it's the old chain is
long time
yeah well that's Italian when I get home
I'm you tighten it take something off
well that's a good question said what
how do you tie in a chain are you saying
I'm gonna on any kind of like twisted
there you go bud okay there you go k
good your day you doing okay but you
know I get out okay we'll get well get
home soon and then we'll get out I think
he loves riding in there but he hates
stopping he'll stop he's like let me out
let me out let me play well we made it
back home everybody safe and sound and
happy and we're just enjoying a little
bit of this sunshine all right well I am
going to end today's vlog on this
beautiful beautiful spring evening note
and say bye to you guys but if you liked
the video give it a thumbs up if you're
new to the channel subscribe and we'll
see you guys tomorrow bye guys
ah
and
