my little duck friends are back again I
don't have time to chase them today
I'm busy going to get my second no third
shot in my foot a sixth shot series I'm
hoping a help but these have been very
very painful you've heard this you feel
well you've been doing all morning is
been like pretending that he's throwing
something up I don't know what he's
doing yeah look I have you guys it's ten
o'clock he's getting up for the day
that's terrible but I know he's totally
poopy to do it again so this is what he
does he wakes up any place I don't know
what he's doing he's pretending to like
throw something there
he throws everything out of this crib
and puts it in a pile right there and
then just plays you're a happy boy
you're a happy baby our jet yes you are
and you can see that he has his little
shirt unzip he unzips it and he's
starting to take off his jammies Joel we
have one kid that takes their jammies
off Olivia was the only one of our kids
that would stretch every every morning
every morning straight naked poop on the
crib like I remember putting her to bed
in her bed and like two seconds later
she'd be out of the room make it like
within like seconds like I don't know
how to be possible here the boys never
did that the boys never took good here
we go oh yes your music can you think
you can oh yeah we'd have to safety pin
her jammies on that's why babies don't
pour milk you're in trouble mister
I'm not happy with you whatever I'm not
happy very I'm not happy we took our
eyes off of him that was mommy's fault
not babies
on Saturday I ran into a friend and she
was more of an acquaintance than a
friend I didn't know her terribly well
she was she lived in the same Ward as
Joe and I when we were very first
married we lived in a very tiny old
apartment I think we paid $300 a month
for it was a studio apartment and this
girl that was in our ward she I don't
even know her name all I know is her
last name the Sioux jacquez and and she
lived in a home and they had done a
little few remodel to it and I was
heavily pregnant with Olivia and she was
the only one in my ward that did dinner
for us and we were so grateful that she
invited us over for dinner I was anyway
and we had dinner with them and she was
so sweet to us and when we were there
she had I think two or three kids maybe
just two of the time and she was like
have you ever heard of the best baby
wives and like nope haven't she she let
me borrow her book this is her book that
she lent me and by letting me borrow it
mean allowing me to just take it it was
in bad shape when I got it I shouldn't
say bad shape I should just say use
shape I have read it with all four of my
kids each time I had a kid I rent the
book again and I just never forgot how
kind she was to me and how I just
remember going in her remodeled like
parts of her helmers remodeled and I
remember thinking I'm never going to be
able to do this like I'm never going to
be able to remodel parts of my home and
here eight years later I have my own
home we've been able to remodel it and I
ran into her and I said you probably
don't remember me and she didn't she
didn't remember who I was and that was
okay and I reminded her and she's like
oh yeah
maybe she kind of remembered who I was
and I asked her said are you still in
the same house of you were in and she's
like yeah I am so I just feel a little
choked up so I want to return the favor
I'm going to bring her her book which is
I have noticed you guys I've such a ball
baby why do I cry over everything I'm
going to bring her her book back and I'm
going to tell her thank you for allowing
me to borrow it and because we moved
just not that long after I had a Libya
she was only two months old when we
moved into this house and I'm going to
bring her dinner so hopefully she's home
and hopefully she doesn't think I'm a
nut job I don't know her name I don't
have her phone number but I know where
she lives
and she has five kids now and I just
want to tell her thank you so anyway I'm
just going to pay that little kind act
of service that she did for me forward
and anyway and anything is a good
teaching tool to show my kids to serve
the do nice things for other people self
not behind today
hear what Ron and ran you to perfect
thank you if you have it Julie
Shirley
surely were you pretending to be asleep
and I went all the way downstairs were
you thinking mom I'm in here duh did you
I just put Lincoln challenge ah but he
did away - yeah I'm gonna know it was so
quiet I was trying to be so quiet
really hmm Shana's nothing on plan she
let me keep the book she was like I buy
these books for everyone she's like just
keep it I stay a little later people and
I think her husband is really excited
for all guarded yeah Oh fun fast the
blog that went up today was only a clip
of the vlog so there's a whole rest of
the video and it just didn't get
uploaded it's fine it's totes fine I was
thinking um uploading it tonight as like
a second clip but what I think I'll do
is just enjoy the footage here and let
that be said to close the vlog so we
will end the vlog here or let you see
yesterday's big ending okay okay I guess
be telling you ain't trying to bounce
cows jump own and there's a bouncy house
white maxi house so now that we are all
the way ready for the day we're doing
the kids gonna stop getting ready all of
their ears I'm like get anywhere now you
dirty little ears oh you little work
cody's are possibly the worst gear I've
ever seen my owner who doesn't ever have
wax in their ears in Boston
Olivia and Chloe all in top wax in their
ears we can get that for me
right in the water because I always feel
like yeah we that's what we're doing
these other chores on this morning and
we're ready and now we're going to go
the alien cheerin every night fun little
fancy a play yeah you want me to show
you the Y's Nia all right really yellow
can I tell mama I know everything okay
now my Kemeny go ahead look at me this
is 1/4
okay Jason yeah it's like a yep oh
you're really high ball quarter quarter
that's our sizing uh-uh he wants to
stand right here isn't it
he wants to stand right under where the
water is dripping on him he wants the
water to drip on his little head Lincoln
this times equal parties why should we
go get in the car come on come here
come on pull my hand should we go
no you want to get through sharing
offices okay well now guys just going to
take yourself Oh weird how he comes
right when Dad want some - Oh see
I will do it myself come here I can do
me sell you we can do you can't again so
independence yeah
Lincoln Lincoln Lincoln every single one
of our kids when they've learned the
word high they mouth it oh I'm so happy
that I got that on film that's like my
pride and joy right there
we have had a very full and eventful
Saturday which got done having dinner
over Ellie and Jared's house and we
played all night long and to close the
vlog we would like the kids to sing a
few songs from sing ok boxes Harding and
yeah I gotta start over ok yeah yeah the
bass stink
but hey a company here guys
everyone the cops are here thank God
Nixon by the way you all because to me
do you come here do you know any other
songs yeah turn over pi joined up with a
son like you
nothing Yankees winning big pillow pinky
Paulo - rah ah-ah-ah you mama Mouse gosh
are you laughing let's go I run Diggle
splat
I brought a few crews you can't stop
once I move to the back I got this music
in my mind saying it's gonna be alright
they're gonna play play play play
I'm just gonna play play play play whole
colony you're gonna fly to the city
Oh
