good morning ladies and gentlemen this
morning we will be bringing sexy back
and our candidate is Jolene
he's been very first few years you feel
like the romance is done please do the
fall sing take your shirt off now take
your shirt off now the yelling is part
of it you have to yell out okay to bring
this book take your shirt off no offers
I hope think we're going to go that
route if your man is a hairy beast
you're going to want to follow the
following instructions first you're
going to want to take the hot wax then
you're going to want to locate the only
takers ha ha ha
you have you have two hairs on your chin
Harry I feel a little bit like an animal
right now I don't think I've ever let
things get out of hand as bad you have
two hairs on your chest
don't you have three you have sure you
have three hair getting out of hand you
want to locate that hair hair and go and
apply the wax with the grain with the
grain hop open is that much necessary
okay you have three hairs now I'm so
proud of you apply the strip
holy can top and what and I wasn't go
ahead that wasn't so good well what
painful when you whack no guys hey I got
them successful waxing here should be
very pretty employed what is painful is
the hair being rich ideas chance of life
in her Kindred's only teen next up is
the unibrow
if you're looking for the way to stay
attracted to your wife cover those days
seriously I am having Joel 100% color my
hair right now I have colored my own
hair and I am a professional hair
stylist so I am very picky on what color
goes on my hair professional color only
I have I don't think I've ever in my
life movie when I was a junior high
school
colored my hair with a box color from
the store because you don't know what
you're getting and they are harsher
chemicals and cheaper chemicals on your
hair when you buy from the store right
now Joel is using a salon hair color on
me what each one is is an online
professional hair color company you can
tell them exactly what you need you can
call them you can email them to discuss
your needs you want and they have
professional colorist that will help you
figure out what you need they send the
bottle in the exact measurement that you
need tells you exactly how they mix it
up and exactly how to apply it so if you
can't make it to the salon because of
the price or time this is going to be
your answer because it's professional
hair color and you have the help of
professionals in the description I am
going to leave a discount code for you
and their website so that you can get
50% off your first order which makes it
ten dollars that's how much you're going
to spend if you go to the grocery store
and buy your color and this is so much
better for your hair once you make the
order they will ship it to your door so
make sure you go to the description so
you can see the disk up code and their
website and make sure to go check them
out I do want to thank Issa lon for
sponsoring this video like I said I have
worked with them in the past before so
in the iCard on the screen I will make
sure to put a link to the other video I
think it was more of a descriptive video
like I show you how to do it if you want
to know what else is really nice about
using you salon and that's going to the
salon yeah you don't have to check your
hair
the last necessary yes I'm just kind of
beef up your body it's really great we
the best so no we've ever no you look so
hot let's just don't click everything
flex are you even trying
you look so hot right now Joe ok and now
that we know that's the wrong way
honestly that's around direction it
wouldn't take in the backyard ooh oh
good oh that was anti alley oh my god
you really hurt oh yeah what's my
pressure it takes away with just being a
dad said I'd be somebody someday
the neighbors can't see with know I
don't want this to get out in the public
did you put wax in my ear no oh you took
the pressure off you poof if you want to
be attractive to your wife alone if
you're looking for a way to stay
attractive
