like that I can't he's like stop what
he's doing it well good morning to you
hi guys I'm ready for you
hi can you can say hi um Joel is the
front of the suburban smoking like I
know that I'm very low on gas right now
but it's not smoking is it see look
right there is that just I just steam
okay I seriously was like oh my gosh I
was talking to Julie on the phone I was
waiting for you guys to come out and I
was like okay I know I'm low on gas
but holy crap I think that the engine is
smoking I don't know what take it back
yes you got to get in your car seat okay
while joel is getting the kids in the
car seat I went this morning and had a
facial done and I wouldn't even call it
a facial because it's not like enjoyable
enjoyable I mean it is really nice to
lay there and have your face worked on
but she was looking at my rosacea and
she said that the rosacea spots when you
look underneath a light on them are less
or more than half the size that they
used to be and she says that I used to
have like under the light but they been
eventually so this is in the beginning
eventually those lines will be visible
to be seen just by the naked eye
because we caught it really early so I'm
so grateful for oh I'm so grateful for
anyway so they had like these lines of
the red dots going all the way this way
and she said on this side they're just
basically almost gone and on this side
she said that they're getting better
anyway so I know I look like a mess but
I don't I can't like get ready and go
get a facial anyway I don't have to
explain why I look terrible I do do the
other really good
but anyway so it's working really well
and I had a lot of people tweet me and
write me on Instagram and in the comment
section when I've talked about the
treatment of rosacea like what did you
learn well it's very individualized if
you think you have rosacea meaning go to
a doctor like I hate when I see on
Facebook like oh my son has doing this
what have you guys had I'm like go to
the doctor every situation is different
like people out here on the internet
people in the coments section you ain't
doctor goes a doctor I'm not trying to
be rude though it's just the truth
there's a commenter hey then they don't
know you and they need to get to know
you they need that chart boy examity
yeah okay so I've shown you guys this
mountain a few different times and it's
the most to see systems of this one this
les graines position isn't I am such a
good videographer they're my favorite
because the one in the middle always has
that fog and the ones on the side always
have like if one has small one doesn't I
don't know I just love those three
mountains right they're so beautiful
I love oh I love the Union Gas for me
you know that I like you a lot
hey while Joel is getting gas I'm going
to tell you a story about this gas
station he remember we were in we had a
red truck then we had a white truck then
we had a white truck and now we have the
suburban
on our first white truck that we had we
were running out of gas in the second
pack is our second cut when Ellie and
Garrett moved in now Oh funny and we
were so always good the day that we move
them in Oh
the day that we moved Ellie and Jared
here to Logan's actually my look and
I'll put that Bloggie on and I card
right here
we were so low on gas we just come from
Provo and our house is like up the
roadways and we were like oh my gosh we
are running out of gas and the car
started like cutting shaking and Olivia
shouted Olivia shouted like a man honey
and we did we made it and she's like
Jesus gotten to the gas station I'm like
yeah you did honey no so funny of the
chapel look who it is and guess what
Ellie what's not focusing I'm going to
ignore your phone call cuz I'm talking
I'm vlogging and then this second story
is this is the same gas station when my
parents used to live up here and Logan
my mom was getting gas and Bo crawled up
to the front
a ruby ruby or bug they only have the
two I don't because when it's in the
Bronco maybe I was I could be wrong I
possibly could have been in there but I
don't think so
Amy who they put the car in neutral and
it rolled so they were right here and
the Bronco rolled out into the road with
the two babies in there and my mom may
have been paying or something inside and
the safety controls gonna come nestled
on that story in the comment section
goes around inside love it that they
didn't have cards me back then like
yeah I just it was fine I didn't put it
really good for definitely didn't
horrible for yeah you did luckily my
brother was in there and he had quick
thinking and eager the welcome all that
was good of your brother connect the
best with cars like Peter Connery and so
we're just tiny at the time so they just
went out into the road and luckily they
weren't hurt there's no cars that like
what you weren't going fast no one gives
you a gelatinous I work in the Builder
don't you know it cost $80 to pick up
all right let's go okay dad this is one
of the perks of being a mom you get
blowout privileges
you're gonna help Cody are you going to
watch I'm going away yeah okay
- is the left of it can you see where it
was Oh
no no no no no no no no no no queer
little firefighter you will have your
day in the sunshine my boy but not yet
Joey hey you know I don't know we have
any cheese
oh we do but not very much oh okay for
dinner tonight we are all going over to
the church house and we're having a
potluck with all the members in our ward
and our neighbors and so I made chicken
fajitas and I had all intentions of
showing you guys what all went into and
doing like a little mini cooking show
and I totally so I'm going to tell you
what goes into it you put your chicken
all different kind of bell peppers but
so fossil kind of onion 1 2 3 4 a
storage binder a packet of fajita
seasoning are making potatoes and like a
big heaping cup of salsa and just let it
cook until it's done you shred the
chicken you squeeze two lines in there
and it's so good and we've got these
little um the little things
Oh tortillas and then I have this plate
that I want to put what I think that
might be enough you don't need ton so I
put cheese and let's see awesome is it
weird that I'm like oh I don't want to
see inside my fridge it's like personal
oh I got looking of sour cream creasing
in Olivia and where did you put buzz
Joey where's
avocado oh right here you guys probably
stop before I this you're like it's
right there on the shelf
I dunno it's pretty good and I think we
have plenty of cheese solostar cream
guacamole and cheese and these are my
little spoons that Jolie got for me for
Christmas one year and I love how tiny
they're they're perfect for serving and
why is everything that's little so cute
guess what oh it's great one time we had
when we left aa couple days later leave
often they're all going to finish you if
you have them once they're all on pen
well yeah I'm gonna say I was going to
suggest let us do my time like a real
engineer and I look at how much where is
it it went wrong dreams yeah you know
how many of those little kids could sit
in the garbage disposal yes why I don't
have too many left ready to go mister
are you ready to go Olivia who's your
favorite character on who's your
favorite character on sing ash no no
baby it's wet outside been raining all
day
some raining all day present it Cody how
was school today yeah we'll tell me
something about it
tell me something cool about school am i
hideous I'm he's like why don't settle
his way right there everybody
and it remind me for touch the well we
can make letters and we can see them and
I got it in my backpack you doing here
yeah Casey yeah yeah I know you like
isn't in there
yeah that's what my covered looks like I
was showing you this little nook that he
sits in and swings in he does that all
the time and I know why the kids are
drawn to that little nut of course -
there's our network you don't have had
to show me your dick Jamie because real
life radically speak and appointed open
enough let see I only come out no big
actually will don't say it's not I'm
telling the guys today on their true
holy cuchini let me see hold on okay
tell me Boston Boston guess what what
please a real-life bake make seeds yeah
and make it right up Thanks picture head
die and that's all we do at midnight
midnight sake okay heads up yeah hold on
and when it tragic on clean screen
listen to your brother he wants control
it Cody look at him he wants to talk to
you your eyes that is when you tell you
that what we can't agree let you know
that did you give him anything for the
snake no see I can do one my question
you get it okay so you gave him a
quarter for the snake I am so glad that
I asked to be hundred bit cooler today
okay he paid y'all a quarter for some
real-life snake seeds we're through the
his commitment name I'm so happy right
now
Cody you make me so happy
take those Cheetos away from my chairs
ASAP thank you
okay we are heading off to dinner oh
good so maybe dessert
hey boss man Oh what do I have a booger
always like don't dust bunny now me
nothing see if I can get a nice okay
