well we are off to an early start this
morning our concrete guide you guys
might recognize some of these trucks
they were here last year they are here
to replace this section of concrete the
section concrete kind of slopes into the
house so I had like water broth all on
there all winter long I don't like that
come in to replace pretty cool company
we really like them but they've got to
come in start replacing this today about
some blood they're here
okay we then finish the movie yeah
here those little boys just watching the
track you're watching the workers that
with my life growing up
good morning you guys you're hidden this
morning I woke up in a very good mood
and I feel like I haven't been in a bad
mood lately but I haven't been in like a
good mood and this morning I woke up to
the window open so I had like a cool
breeze on my face I was warm in my
bedding and it just felt really good
waking up this morning and I talked to
my mom and I always was in when I talked
to my mom on the phone and we talked
about kind of the stages of life and how
I told her I said I feel a little scab
elizena wet fish no we're going to
finish this I wrote me off here can you
finish your oatmeal we were talking
about how I feel a little sad that I I
know I'm done having kids I know that I
ultimately don't want to bring another
human into the world but I am going to
be sad to not go through the process
again we need to tell me what enjoy the
sausage again enjoy me and I really am
these clean alien but it's hard and she
said as long as you are physically
capable of bringing babies into the
world
you'll probably always have that sense
of desire you not only want to get a
good it he was biting the spoon Oh funny
so they can't see it but there you go
yep see he show any blockages showing
you his phone is the mildest but Joel I
have some repeats a lot he's got it from
the tree store here we go it's all done
it's all gone do you know what a fight
it was to get Lincoln to let me feed him
he was so so Oh
mad you know what I didn't want you to
make a mess I just didn't want to clean
up way more neg why didn't you have to
eat your oatmeal because you know what I
know in five seconds you're usually mom
I want to treat I'm going to say nope
you don't you can't because you didn't
eat your breakfast so he needs all your
oatmeal guns I like this I like the
little shoes on the floor the little
coats his monkey blankie that he drives
around everywhere you guys recently just
met my aunt Patsy my aunt passing me
that blanket for you and you were a baby
Oh see his cell phone to go show what is
that what did you make your cell phone
into okay that's a tent business I can't
paint out on the ride oh darn it oh it
was upside down
there you go
Oh
Oh
she's nervous see that my favorite thing
is is seeing his little blue tennis
shoes with his blue jacket well I
remember Cody unit hit oh yeah Olivia
and Cody to fitness stairs or in
Olivia's window well one of the two huh
and Cody's got this jacket on me oh yeah
it's my favorite I'm just going to run
it around like crazy has been heavy
board you've had a good morning
great morning I'm up oh here's Mike
doughnut Hey look you can't ride your
bike in our yard
you got to move go home explore on your
own he has been okay Boston Canary like
came in Boston wait Hey look you cannot
be in our yard with the bike you want to
stay over here because I don't want
tractors to not see you and hurt you
from it hey don't come back over here
again we just got done playing outside
last couple hours as you can tell baby
boy got into the dirt which made it was
time to come in and get cleaned up I'll
think up okay I get you two kids there's
$5 to go to the book fair and I am dying
to see what everybody got hey guys I'm a
supply stick isn't any chocolate it's a
surprise for me so I am and this ain't a
dig away honey can you soon my mom she's
gone my first money watch I get my own -
snowy guys it smells like chocolate
another one let me yeah you will let me
touch it okay so I have a question I
have a question
is it real chocolate no oh it just looks
like chocolate
hey guys melt my chocolate yeah so let
me see the box so it's just a doctor yes
it is only a delayed you know I could go
keep it in mind is when you look like an
okay came out push the button
I think it's got might have one maybe
you can go over there goes there goes
well I remember you you black oh so you
got it smells like chocolate you video
it doesn't really smell like chocolate
bad okay so you got the calculator and
these what is this just a little game I
made a ping-pong that is adorable don't
let link and get that okay so all of
that cost you five bucks no cancer you
buy one and then you get one this yeah
yeah if you get a 5-1 and it if you get
like this was a big huge pile of fun no
lot of $3 but she said it's okay if I
give her five caboodle yeah then I give
you chance
so she give us a change and where do you
change a dollar
I'm in opinion I'd only that hanging peg
where's your dollar in your pennies in
good I'll rock it came in it oh okay
tennis maybe we'll put the change in
your piggy bank
he wants to buy more but if you feel
good you suck and you'll give me another
one it's like okay well Lincoln's
pouring water in the country continent
no no no okay Olivia what did you get
from the Book Fair
can we make of them why do you love
erasers so much and this is cool I got I
was going to get me through my dogs in
exam like I like to play with friend
pretend like we think like also once for
your doll one for my donde and share
see you in purple one dream and I am
nigga fry all because I they show me
what else you got oh yeah I got another
racer pet babies that's so cute and you
have a little cat and dog ear is what's
going to get him out
yes I do okay this BES came off and so I
got to it brings a little house can you
guys hear how mad Lincoln is I took a
water bottle away and he's having those
are so cute Olivia I'm making come apart
they do any of those could I see the
calyx is off this comes off nice mm I
think a puzzle um
that is so can you draw it it's kind of
weird cuz it'll say I'm playing okay
guys maybe if you dog and the bunny okay
I call it nice yeah fine so cute Olivia
and then you got the puppy place book
did you
oh my god Cooper cuz somebody my classes
named Cooper why do you like dogs so
much it's like you need a dog or
something
I have not decided if we're going to
help you or not
that's like team I really want to go
back for Olivia but I just can't decide
it later for my birthday I always told
Olivia that we would get a dog when my
baby wasn't a baby anymore which is Jan
sighs kind of that made movie with one
or two maybe three
that's oh pretty cool yeah that's so
pretty cool like a real ping-pong girl
at all
no and you're a ball in the ball all of
you thing are they is that an eraser oh
well I am glad that you guys got what
you wanted it's a book fair that makes
me very happy because our fish lips I'm
glad you had fun
of course we're doing that you can tell
the kids are a little wound up so we're
going to have dinner and get Olivia to
piano lessons tonight and we'll see you
guys in tomorrow's vlog so thanks for
watching 70 keep banging
you
