good morning you guys joel is doing a
little bit of work this morning and the
boys are in here watching Cody's new
show that he likes to watch Cody what
kind of show are you watching teenagers
Cody has a newfound love for teenage
Mutant Ninja Turtles not really sure
where it came from but I'll take it you
think they're kind of cool
what do you like about them okay fine
you like have a size okay well you guys
enjoy your Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
I am just in the process of getting my
fuzzy hair straightened which I'm not
going to show you right now those are
your animals where's the babies and I'm
looking at the babies yes just a minute
Boston do you seem looking at the babies
coming baby yeah and your animals yes
every morning when I can get him where's
the baby
okay can you see baby yeah every morning
you tells me about the babies and you
tell me yes and the animals is that
enough so exciti and sits right should
we go
no pickett aha hey Jack
yeah that is right yes oh okay okay
gleaming like Ferraris we are will go
creeper knows every doing Eliza a nice
touch of lock helpful is your paw patrol
box part of decorating your room no no
you just have the decorations in the paw
patrol okay
everyone's freezing around here um I am
deep friends and ready to go over to
Ellie's we are recording a few more food
videos because you guys have liked them
so much
I'll leave the one that we did for the
sweet potatoes down below
hi say hi welcome to the camera on a
bright not you know camera house okay
mmm hot a little bit
I don't we all are anyway we're going to
go through two more today and it was
pretty surely like what they are you're
doing two videos today well they're like
they're very very short and easy he's
like how long are you to be gone you're
in charge
you're in control pickax amber I take
the lead in for him again watch you walk
away for a second oh yeah like last
video thank you very much I was watching
the proof or like the video third okay
I'm like one's a little ashamed of her
booty but I like it hey I know heaven
this is a little more love jolla rally
joel around
Oh goodbye July rally last time we made
the sweet potato soup this time we're
making a really yummy just fresh dip I
think we both say that really yummy why
move on like a mean is we're making a
dip and we're also doing a lettuce wrap
a mango lettuce wrap that is so good and
I like the Le has this little segment on
her channel and when she asked me to do
it I was like looking Hollister house
the other day I was like okay what
happened and then I ate this a lot last
summer you didn't and so yummy and my
all fresh and must be want to yeah well
I have a lot of bell peppers in it and
I'm not like a huge fresh bell pepper
person but you don't even taste it in
this I'm Sicilian can I get some pinches
there's something I'm used a lunch
passing by outside single would have
been same
but the door opens windows my waving
through the glass to get somebody
ow
Cody you know why the second did I scare
you yeah you totally did you know why I
wanted to scare you because Toby always
hide behind places or like in the
morning he'll come up into my room and
sneak and try to scare me is funny boy
so what I realize is yummy like I don't
ya see so you tried not to scare me and
you tried to scare me your little finger
do you know what my favorite thing to do
when I was little with scare people at
one time I was scaring aunt juley and
she was coming in the house and she was
wearing his little skinny high heels I
was sitting behind the wall and I said
roar and I put my hand out and she got
so scared she lifted up her foot like
this she went and her heel dug into my
pinky thumbnail or my pinky fingernail
and it hurt bad is that funny go you had
cranberry sauce today yeah and so I was
gonna go to a different reading group
but actually what happened when I put
the cranberries on my name Kat this just
took some invention a dumb hey what did
you say
like why did you check it off my desk it
was there for a reason what you saying
she's like - she scares on me
so did you get any cranberries well yeah
I did because people feel like I don't
want these and so they were nice and
they let you have their our work because
you were just Harlem shake it
Thanks and then great I put that one on
today with and then go to my main drip
and I didn't want enough time to eat all
right yeah and you should right you just
yeah oh my foot Oh God others were nice
so that you bought could get some memory
she takes up pipes to the voice this is
Olivia's I guess you could not go out
and record me Oh perfect any perfect
link and you want an orange baby boy
drown in orange legs you being goofy oh
me say thank you thank you want she's
good okay oh my
oh I'm not like I didn't know those
wounds could come off no idea but the
seat doesn't adjusts on your needs are
like Oh how's that taste we have been
eating so many oranges lately and every
day when we're done with homework which
doesn't we just did an Olivia and Cody
were pretty burned out we came out after
homework and they were a little
stressing and so it's like it's warm but
there's a cool breeze and so it is the
perfect day to come outside have a
little snack get some Wiggles out mm-hmm
you know that I make the ends big just
so you guys can eat them they like to do
their teeth into them just like that
don't Jeff orange little mouth watch me
say uh oh okay now see what Lincoln did
he put his on the ground and we don't
want a bunch of ants
so Lincoln's baby so specific hello yeah
yes thank you Boston uh I was getting
out I want to appeal right okay mom next
bit
this is the outside you should a
national mom next time I should bring
the camera
she took petition to STOP they had the
whole thing like dark really yeah and
you wish you could have shown everyone
to watches a video I asked Olivia like a
video very in a class I know I see it
again yeah right here my classroom is
like you watching all this like wow oh
we're good I like we come out you're
right we did do you guys like that we do
YouTube yes
Cody do you like the people watch our
videos do you I kind of like it too it's
a pretty tasty to you mister it just was
still no cup oh why is it so good for
the soul to be outside and just sit in
the fresh air it's not her
what if you like from this one here your
days coming normal week goes on my break
oh hey no well you just lounge right
there he's not gonna say num num-num
again but I almost caught it I think I
got a little bit of it I was saying that
it just feels really good to be sitting
out here in the warm cruel air if that
makes sense it's like the perfect
temperature it's not hot not cold it's
just like right there in between today's
in a nice day I think the kids and I and
Joel we've all kind of enjoyed our day I
know yesterday on Instagram I posted a
picture of Olivia putting some flowers
in my hair and I thought it was just
really sweet and I just mentioned I
don't know why I did I just said
sometimes when you guys say comments
that are really nice and sweet or just I
don't know they leave me speechless I
don't know what to say and so often
times I will just reply with a Purple
Heart and I that Purple Heart kind of
represents like Olivia because she has
my heart and her favorite color is
purple
and I posted that to Instagram and then
I put my phone down and many hours later
and when I checked my phone the comments
I think there was already like 200 of
them just full of Purple Hearts and it
just caught me so off guard that I just
instantly got teary-eyed and you guys
know a dozen bigelow today we drive but
it was so sweet and so I said you guys I
was the sweetest thing all those hearts
and then just three hundred four and
five huh no how many comments that right
now but there were so many purple hearts
and I just can't tell you guys how good
that made my heart feel and I just it
just made me really appreciate you guys
it just really made me love you know it
just made me love your guts in any way
so I just wanted to tell all of you guys
in case you don't follow me on Instagram
wickets at Bonnie holy if you want to
follow me there but I just wanted to
tell you guys really how much I
appreciate you and I can't wait for this
summer and for like all these fun
upcoming milestones and my kids is lives
and I just think it is so cool that I
get to bring you guys along with me so
if you guys liked today's video go ahead
and give it a thumbs up and we'll see
you guys tomorrow bye guys
