good morning you guys it is Friday after
school and it is also st. Patrick's Day
and so we all have our green on joel has
his Jenny cupcake shirt Joel smell exam
the boys were so devastated that they
didn't have anything green so Joel was a
wonder dad and took them to Old Navy
before we before Cody had to go to
school is that where you found them
found Cody and Boston no shirts and
since oh yeah I'm the only thing Olivia
had to wear there was green was a little
bit of green on the Hawaiian dress that
she has from Hawaii but I brought her
home anyways in Boston kind of in green
and I'm angry
he's got great lunges overall oh yeah
yeah that's a little pocket you focus
yeah supremely elongate what's
interesting anyway so joel is out here
cleaning in the car since it's such a
warm day Olivia's rainy and cold oh god
baby baby pink cupcake Cody's not ready
baby
why do you not know how to turn it off
you don't know how to turn it off oh he
doesn't know that oh there you go
whoo you almost made baby boy
the Cody's over here and he's cleaning
his bike and Oh Lincoln comes laughs
okay Lincoln look come here look you can
play on it in just a minute
look whoa I just couldn't look
impressive right yeah well okay because
you've been washing your bike good job
okay let's go find your chow Oh guys
well maybe my wheel watch what it does
Jimmy is pretty cool code did you ever
think that we'd be cleaning our car in
front of our house with all of our
little kids like running around no it's
not really possible I always knew I was
going to marry you but like this no I
was just like man I knew like of course
I knew but like you know we did this
with our families growing up and it just
feels weird that I'm doing it myself
like we have a daughter old enough to
read and she's reading to our other
children
everybody's got their green on and
Bonnie's is my favorite oh sorry I gotta
zoom out go to the milk quick do you
like how we're letting the kids have a
romantic dinner over here and we're
going to enjoy our dinner
oh he gave me the ball baby
see ball pretty cool
t-ball oh haha I think I love you ah
yummy yummy yummy yummy
can you say peekaboo oh my goodness oh
the kids are literally having the time
of their life in that make him do more
tricks
love you Hey hey Lincoln
say mama hi hi hi pop them yes they
thank you no they drink oh my word you
little you think yeah more number one
chore today pick up my dry cleaning at
the cleaners it's where a big picking up
dry cleaning for years when I got off my
mission I dropped off my mission suits
to be dry-cleaned fresh for my
homecoming and that weekend Bonnie and I
were hanging out a lot and I got
distracted and forgot and she knows
that's her right there
she was my distraction didn't have my
suit so it like ten o'clock that night I
went to Walmart picked up some cheap
slacks and a white shirt and wore that
looks so silly but is worth it
you look so hot carrying that suit looks
so hot well it is st. Patrick's Day are
you feeling lucky
ha ha ha oh just kidding we have kids
and they're not happy in the car ok kids
look out the window there is a bridge
right all Lincoln see that bridge
everybody um Joel built that with his
own two hands how much you get paid to
do that
do you remember 1500 bucks we were
newlyweds and yeah uh our first
Christmas is coming up and it was Joel
dad's work associate and he knew that
Joel is pretty handy we didn't have any
tools you had to go buy a bunch of new
tools or I got a lot of first drill
remember Joseph and it was cheaper all
your ass kakashi stream to potty sex I
remember because I felt like a sugar
mama doing this for yes
oh the big place the job pays for it
yeah no it did when I was finishing up
cleaning up all the job and whatnot he
was out talking to me and writing me the
check and he goes now your feelings
aren't going to be hurt if I write this
for $100 over are you oh that's right
you got tipped a hundred bucks could you
try some what 1,400 you good you can
even our song yeah I remember I was just
like oh I mean a hundred bucks still 100
bucks
oh yeah no matter what 10 bucks for ten
bucks but being tipped $100 I've never
had a kick like that in my life yeah
yeah that was pretty cool and that
bridge is not going anywhere it's a
reconstruction so either used to be a
bridge there and Joel replicated it
because it's a historical home is that
where the reddleman Oracle record of
Logan there's actually a plaque and the
bridge I replaced was over a hundred and
twenty years old again and I had to
replicate it and duplicate it so that it
would last another 100 years that was
way cool job it's Saturday and we're
here at my cousin's done with this house
you guys met him and you socks ago
anyway we're here at his house for a
surprise birthday party yes I will put
you yes I'll push you we're here for a
surprise birthday party this was a fun
swing Joel I like this it's kind of
weird the personal I guess you got to
use two hands daddy
Lincoln I like fun I wanna sit on it you
do it so we can see your pretty face if
I can get ready you're gonna scream
like swearing the kids were screaming yo
that's what we said happy birthday
everybody's laughing at Lincoln because
you look like you got in a bar fight I
got to get up closer so people can see
he sat under the pine tree and just had
a real fun time to sleep in the c'mon
yeah you see those bubbles I mean I
really need to get in here and show you
all the wind's blowing let me hear you
guys well first we got the button and
good thing we put you in a dress shirt
like a mommy hey look at mama
it's got Lucy and he is a dirt block aye
you're making everybody laugh cause you
look like a little homeless baby but
you're happy is
lamb see all these leftover Cheetos and
cheese puffs you're having a real party
aren't you hey yellow party animal
aren't yet what did you find this is not
okay walking walking like a block cause
we all had to park kind of far away
we're done with our wasn't his birthday
party yeah hold on we got traffic and
carts hold on
the kids were absolutely wild we did a
water balloon and they water balloon
volleyball so funny we all laugh so hard
anyway I mean again we were winning yes
you did so good she did pretty good
Olivia halfway through the party I saw
her scrimmaging where's your purse I
next to mama
yep she was scrubbing through that cute
little purse and earlier this week
Olivia had taken like eight dollars out
of her purse three wines and a five and
she really wanted to spend it on
something we went got her shoes and he
said you just keep that money and all
buy your shoes and so she's had this
money just burning a hole in her wallet
she'd watch didn't want to buy something
and she said we have a book for high
please for my money the book Dana said
sure you want to spend some money to the
fair right ahead
that's one of our other cousins Douglas
or myself I called in toughest all day
to result you look out buzzing let's not
have a carnival
you ask me she said mom should I give so
goes a 1 or a 5 for his birthday and I
said oh you can give him a 1 I bet he'll
be happy with that and would you give
him 5 she gave him her $5 bill for his
birthday and I think everyone's heart
just completely melted when she did that
I think that's so good like I'm glad
that she has a giving little heart and
porcelain it's not funny thing is
well-done was going to go to lunch with
that I hope oh thank you Bolivia mm-hmm
and I Olivia what made you why did you
want to give that to him something with
his family maybe like oh boy this is
some real nice Lincoln absolutely
blossom today he was a wild child we're
here at our car we were going to go hear
my dad and my mom speak at dick
conference so we're going to close the
blood here we hope you guys had a really
awesome weekend we looking for the keys
yeah I don't even know little bit all
right well while joel finds the keys you
guys have a wonderful beginning to your
week I will see you guys tomorrow bye
guys
