alright well that took like 30 minutes
to get the kids completely ready to go
to the gym with me and I think that was
more of a workout than actually going to
the gym so I don't think I need to even
go to the gym now
got them all ready for nothing but you
know hey um code did you get yourself
ready this morning I think your shirts
on backwards
no no oh oh yeah tags on the front buddy
dad just no dad just no I asked you
backwards it was American control it
doesn't matter because it's the same
okay you know what but don't feel too
guilty because this morning falling had
to tell me my underwear was on backwards
cuz I thought it was alright apparently
not well that's a big bummer right they
don't they have to have so many adults
in the gym like nursery at any time you
can have came in there and they don't
have enough so these two can go in but
the little Lincoln can just can't we're
kind of on a bum deal right now so now
we're going to go your breakfast and
then I feel like I'm just doing a lot
I don't know backtracking nap instead
it's like going and burning calories it
takes work would be so this morning
ponyville guts and he builded his on
keycard track it was really cool sell
the water here or did you think ro
Nakamura know when the truck she build
it today and he's a risk your skull I
got and I got some beans from Daddy
he gave me swim I look my real assembler
and my chocolate
I got gummy to be side of you riding a
bike okay let's set the bike down and
let dad put on his shoes and then I'll
teach you how to ride a bike okay okay
okay I thought today is a good day for
me to teach him possibly how to ride a
bike
I just bought let's get out let's get
outside me and him and we'll just try it
we'll see what he does
the one thing Boston is not exactly
known for is always giving the best
effort and I don't mean that in a mean
way he's just still a little kid and so
if it's hard he gets mom and dad can do
it he's not quite as independent as Cody
and Olivia are but he's going to start
growing out and he already is starting
to grow out of that but just little
things and I worry this might be one of
them but we'll try it if you enjoyed it
and has fun
I think he'll really push himself anyway
hey yeah alright buddy yeah you got your
lucky pants with the hole in the knee
hey so does dad good jumper and you got
to hold two hole that means might answer
twice is lucky I don't have to give it
time and you will give it time
yes a beautiful day in the neighborhood
a beautiful day to be my neighbor my
holy man
won't you be I remember mr. Roger
singing that one
you don't even those of mr. Rogers is
kiddo my neighbor
I'm glad we're together again now oh it
is sing if mr. Rogers distinct he's not
no Johnny is pick the bear Johnny Johnny
the bear wha
does he look like a bear no Johnny and
his bad Oh Charlie I think Johnny was
seen kissing it
ah they're standing why does man
how did she go I think like that but
okay let's try and ride this bike this
is the coolest pump I think I've ever
been given my parents gave it to me for
Christmas and it's you can set the
pressure and turn on and when that arrow
right there hits that it shut the pump
off I'll demonstrate see no I won't
guess I got a startled Frank okay
hopefully it'll work now oh well why are
you're not working it should be working
yeah Frank
Frank get one job and that's be my
little cigarette lighter thing ah that
stinks so bad fine Frank you failed me
once I'll have to use my four wheeler
because it's got a little spot built-in
right here what's up Sam let's just do
that
don't like anyway oh yeah oh yeah that's
huh okay ringing here let's try it it's
gonna work how does it work you put that
one in the four-wheeler okay okay put it
in the four-wheeler okay that's in you
want me to hold that in okay I'll hold
that in now where does that go
hey comes late well it's not going to
reach that but you think it'll reach the
handlebar oh okay is that going to work
take it out Oh hmm try the other side
maybe the other side doesn't have
anything oh yeah that one's open that's
good okay let's turn it around there we
go
okay put it in the handlebar okay looks
that'll go in look at it go in that one
oh man that goes in a little ways there
you go okay
what sound does it gotta make shhh tell
me if your tires getting any bigger Shh
getting any polar feel it oh no I just I
just don't think this is really going to
function the way you want to do but it's
a good try I like the creativity I like
that you're thinking outside the box
well in all out bill you just get the
big gun where you want to do that
because it's heavy
over just we have any air in your tires
your honor up Olivia's all about it
oh really oh my thinking just woke up
simple chilly out here
if I told you that hot air the home that
warm day or QE hey lose a trip totally a
fluke every year yeah because I'm in
like a sweat outfit and I'm freezing out
here
can you believe those little shoes to
handle those were Kody's like a year and
a half ago not a year and a half ago a
year and a half ago did you wear those
than he was like maybe three so a lot
you older than him I yeah you got me you
and your man yeah be loud
well this is your little trike you want
to write on this and Karen hey mama
let's go give me a four-wheeler no let's
go get a four-wheeler yeah maybe a
little power will swing well you little
sink look at this side of his face you
still know him Brandon from his nap you
look like a fish hey face looks like you
have scales right hey you just want to
get up there don't chest one you can sit
on here I'm gonna hold on to your pocket
so you don't fall down he's like I'm
gonna fall I'm a big boy hey wanna go
for a ride
I'm getting this looks like from a taken
over a ride
little boy on a big bike little boy on a
big bike look what bosses learn how to
ride a bike
look oh my gosh a sequel myself Oh
good job hunting guys how funny is that
that was so fun he did it he's the
youngest little bike rider
Olivia learned it for I guess he's
turning for a couple months but she was
after the age of four Cody didn't learn
till five
Olivia taught herself we had to do just
this with Cody funny the difference in
personalities ready okay feet on penalty
okay you go haha Marcin found them on
the street he's wanted to be goofy that
bike is so hard to learn okay well
well we're tired let's go in no what are
you coming to are you my word he's my
own whoa Boston Wade Boston Wade oh
that's his signature stopping move give
me five
I'm so proud of you can you believe you
did that
yeah but I think it's a nice lady
okay yeah I hear that you're gonna tell
Cody that you did that are you proud of
yourself
we came to the corner store okay I do
let me get pick one of the bucket I did
not think you're singing one of those
for letting the kids pick the little
tree could be we learn into writing clay
my turn
I know oh I know but it's more fun for
us like bring our kids here you know
what no I don't want to get one of these
I want to get like class and look
through this here's one of these look of
one of these can you choose one of these
because those just end up broke under
look you don't get around in a life get
a reward if we're ever stranding like
crap I've got a motor you do not get a
reward for learning to ride your bike
Boston coming to Boston wait come and
choose one of these look some choose one
of these and choose one of those one and
pick one out for Olivia and Cody okay
okay okay do you know the yellow are
like the bus to get one for Lincoln how
about a yellow one for Lincoln sure
about that no I want you to have the red
right over the red is so messy with a
purple one here get a yellow one for
linking cuz they're less messy it's good
okay let's go buy those you should Cody
back you okay honey triangle can you
believe that what do you guys think it's
going all the way home Jeffrey what do
you think are you guys proud of it
he's like okay how do I stop there he
goes there he goes tastes like laughing
Jaffe okay's eyeglass FPC no okay but we
have had a good day today the kids are
enjoying their little treat of Boston
pick out for them good job Austin today
on learning to ride your bike Olivia
that's a quite the dance moves you got
there
goofy little boy you shake that fanny
we're going to call it a day we're going
to go in and have dinner
my favorite meal which is leftover I
love leftovers and we are going to have
good rest tonight we will see you guys
in our next song
