good morning everybody it is a wonderful
wonderful early early not quite spring
day but feeling like a spring day
already skies are beautiful blue the Sun
is brightly shining the garbage cans are
there cody's there but this morning I
have a project to get started Bonnie's
got the other kids inside and she's
getting ready because she has a lot to
get done today too so I have to fix this
wiring there used to be a light there
for the patio area right here when they
finished our soffit and facia last year
it was like a week before Christmas so
I've just let that patio light go until
the summer bye and now have the light
and I want to put it up and get it so
that we can use the patio in the
evenings even though it's still pretty
cold in the evenings summertime is going
to be here before we know it so I want
it ready and up and running there you go
look at that bad boy
nothing is beautiful and I'm really
excited to see it shined tonight man I
left my drill up there huh wow that
sucks I'm glad I actually thought to
like record that and show you guys the
light being done or else I would have
never noticed my drill fun fact
one year we left my dad's drill out on
the air conditioner from doing Christmas
lights and everything and we're not
where the heck is that where the heck is
that we didn't find it until the next
year when we went to put them back up
still there and it still works to this
day all of my kids have loved being
outside but I think Lincoln take this to
a new extreme
yes Boston how are you doing yeah I know
and if you don't finish your Apple you
don't get to eat other things I don't
want you to asshole you know look at I
got finish girl are you good hi I got
this from one of my friends uh-huh it's
a racecar sharpener he's pretty cool
would you give them in order to get it
um I
but week I gave my camera to Jason so I
can hear all those pencils a little toy
camera and last time I got all I know
very nice can be gay music do you know
that I think it's pretty funny that you
guys trade your toys oh I think it's
kind of cool I do have to monitor it
though some things I'm like you know I
go to school like what do you think
you're doing mum yes Boston yes are you
like me
lovely welcoming Jack I like you loving
the swingset
yeah yes that's true because you saw
Joel come out here this morning and he
was like if you're outside and I'm
outside a jolly hey the line looks good
job good job to turn it on did just die
and he was like screaming because he
wanted a ride yes you he just wants to
push any button possible
thank you so happy and no he's not
taking him out on the open road he was
cutting around in the backyard hi guy
and yes even that makes me a little
nervous okay all done honey hop down
okay you suck dick look at into there
pal
Lincoln do you want to go for another
ride do you want to go friend keep the
time timeout petuzi and raises I rest
like chocolate you think I look like
chocolate
Boston is being my cooking buddy right
now Lincoln is just waking oh all right
I wasn't paying Kristen Lincoln is just
icing up on his nap
and the kids should be getting out of
school here soon and I am cooking up
some ground beef and I am so mad that I
forgot to get an onion at the store
today
you always put onion with your ground
booze anyway I'm making some spaghetti
sauce because we are having spaghetti
for dinner growing up that was one of my
favorite meals and I ran into earned the
store today and then I ran into the
store today and I was wearing this dress
and sandal and it was totally fine so
this is not like the like this is not a
form-fitted flattering dress this is
just a dress that I got for like running
around in and it was the most
comfortable thing I think I've ever worn
Oh still zoomed in anyway it is a lot
like my purple dress with my burgundy
dress
I've worn this white hair but this one
is short please
hey you guys interested I'll leave a
link for it in the description because
it's live
what do we have them for dinner tonight
beef jerky
yes Oh Robin spaghetti and that's not
good a success is black like a black sky
bang I'm going to make it
spaghetti and this is my favorite sauce
the chunky guarded that's the sauce that
we're going to put on our spaghetti dub
Austin yes
socket liter just a bag that me I broke
ground around here yeah so what do we
have them for dinner I can hear you what
are we having for dinner tonight
okay sure you name it kiss your elf and
then I guess all I want is that so much
to ask you say hi to Olivia - hi -
Olivia soon look at the Cameron said hey
hi hey hi an idiot
yesterday he said yes you keep something
yet it is bleeding a lot out there
waving pottery baby back
yeah mum there's a rope do you look in
yellow but maybe we should wait till dad
gets home let's are we go in his shed Oh
howdy
come here what do you want the workforce
I'm gonna um I packed two boxes bucket
and oh and it goes right under for petal
and red and doctor we're going to do now
I need a rope to pull it okay I will see
if I can find one Paris garbage puck
the grand McGarrett to ask for quickly
nice so here's a quiet
oh no you come on now
oh he's trying to close it he knows it's
supposed to because cuz we closed all
these words and we don't want him
running around bye-bye Oh
yep that's my Falcon push it there you
go great job he's like now I'm set to
play
we're on nerve and good snit t Nichelle
I need no shell yes so today we have
special gifts you guys have her to talk
about Joel going on an LDS mission and
some of you best what the mission is we
have the missionaries here from is it
from Korea I think Korea but I'm not
sure I like asking when they get here
but we have them here for dinner they
should be here soon I went ahead and I
dished up the kisses because that cut it
takes a while sometimes anyway so we've
got dinner ready for them when they get
here and yeah we're excited to have them
in our home so we have the missionaries
here and I want them to introduce
themselves and say their names kind of
where you go yeah oh yeah and we're your
friends I'm just a soul and I'm from
South Korea I'm sister angel event along
golden oh cool how long have you guys
been on your missions for almost a year
oh cool so you're getting close to being
done yeah I've enough of nylon oh cool
oh cool well we are so happy to have you
in our home
so thank you for being here are you so
weird like I know I remember all the
dorms to member home on my mission and
and sitting there with them and just it
just it's weird being at the other side
of that it's so wonderful to be honest
mom thank you for coming well and
there's a definite spirit when you guys
came in like you can feel it like you
can just you just have the spirit with
you and it's really nice to and have the
kids feel that
until the mission everyone wants way
different and doesn't run outside all
the time
were you good or bad I think that you
guys were all really good and at the end
you got a little crazy yeah yeah you
guys got a little crazy at the end but I
think they had a lot of fun do you want
to know what we've realized while they
were here today is an anniversary ten
years ago I got home from my mission
today today do I remember so haha on the
15th of March and sometimes in March is
still snowy and sometimes in March it's
really hot and when you home 15 years
ago today so it was so hot and it's
interesting because today has been a
really warm sunny day for us I don't
know if it was hot the day I got home
because it was warm outside physically
your nerves wonder about a good sleeper
out for days actually felt like chill
kiss me today they can you go home not
thank you very much and II would really
yeah that's right and you ask me you're
like and make you feel like oh yeah we
realized that a dinner
ten years ago today so Tom James I'm so
close that's so fun that was so fun
having them here they were so cute with
the kid here in any residence yes
okay you guys I want you all to bring
the dishes over to Mom's so that I can
mention Oh
we were at the dinner table and I was
having Olivia bring me all of the dishes
from the dinner table and I think she
thought that was kind of fun and you
know who taught me to do that grandmom
when I was all about with my job I used
to always
we're done eating and my parents were
still talking that's what we might say
is this just the money we get my mom
would look at me and she'd look at the
big table and I would think a little
worse
oh no she looked at me and she would
look at all the empty place and I would
say okay like you I don't have Rebbe oh
yes nobody so I don't know right
those rambunctious and usually I'm sure
of it I like the boy part tonight funny
okay we are going to do the dishes you
will see you guys tomorrow
thank you so much for watching and I
will see you guys mom okay okay
see you guys thank you
