the lighting so bad
this is slowly becoming a nightmare do
you see that Joel how it's like splatter
turn on Lincoln I turn around look at
daddy go for it just walk Lincoln okay
there is something wrong with the
lighting oh maybe I don't know really do
think the lighting is wrong
lighting on this camera is going to be
insane Joel was supposed to come in and
wake me up as you're brushing your teeth
Ellie and I don't share a lot like an
automatic trap we don't borrow yeah well
good morning guys I made a post
yesterday on instagrams on the servers
right oh it's an automatic scheme I have
an aunt on my dad's side and they say
that a CTR means Christian totally rule
because they're not the same religion as
us but I thought that was really funny
what oh that makes more sense thank you
oh you almost walked into a door
I think it's my great-aunt Silver Lining
Olivia got a new hat so that's a three
minute 32 clip let's see how what dole
can do with that clip is the tiger
really going potty
no sorry Joe I don't mean to so I'm
gonna shut this over John hands down my
favorite part of motherhood like my best
past
Lincoln Lincoln Lincoln spilled his
watery my day has been good okay he just
hit the camera I like these jeans
I'm pretty sure if you look closely I've
got a red mark a gray here we saw what
Joel was out doing some surrounding him
no let go they can't stop it I think
today's the Tea Party first mount yeah
okay we'll do it together one two three
okay that's not working go find them
linkage linkage good morning you know
I'm not used to a good morning we
started let's not talk about Jules hair
okay
Hey look if the cameras rolling
anything's fair game okay fresh battery
don't shoot
we brought the kids to Gorgos a hill
don't forget with me mark we're gonna
close our vlog here take two Lincoln
where's mama
Cody look at me and smile teeth
Lincoln lay down color remember
yeah we're ending our two day three days
off of school
I'm just saying I have done some of my
best parenting I'm the toilet I had told
you two things
no you're an angry super awesome meeting
today I do this hey don't tell me this
is bad focus all for cantar yes they see
it it's one tiny yellow piece and what
are you gonna do with it
who do you like to play with like making
eye contact with her I'm like don't cry
she's so cute
Boston your big booties in the way PS
guys I'm probably an abundant today so
get ready for that I'm Boston you move
your fanny no their horse pills for cold
sores for herpes done and dressed whoo
okay every ever smelt in the box but
thank you guys so much for watching if
you guys want to catch up on blogs you
haven't seen click not but what I do not
with you guys I think you've been
watching too much pollen ginger you sit
right there and you pulled your arms and
you watch the kids do the dishes okay
okay but seriously today is okay but
seriously you know how annoying okay
what kind of medication did they give
you for your face okay shut up and let
me talk
Joe pathetic goobers
we're trying to say something here oh
all right well on that note good night
you love live Boston
