good morning everybody we have a big day
planned today Bonnie and I have some
tests that we got to get taken care of
can I do first before we do the kid need
a bath so that I like honestly go
remember the last time we gave them a
bath and when you start seeing dirt
under their fingernails you know it's
never a good sign
yeah these things I'm about so first
things first we're going to give them a
bath with their robot bath bombs that
they got their sound can't get them all
sparkly clean
and then I'm going to start working in
the yard which is amazing because it's a
beautiful springtime morning I can't
believe my to kind of start working in
the yard
me neither but I'm glad we're getting
high god honey
he was very good morning in me good
morning
I have not been I just woke up yeah mom
okay can I get one of those like frosted
Sandman fingers over there that's the
cover for me because I don't know uh no
not you're tough enough I play ball dude
thank you
you section yeah I literally cannot do
it for one day
those black guys are like I'm gonna bum
it I'm not going to watch my dear and
the picture is not even going to pitch
that I watched my arm system above your
foot all you can't smile or another man
I've known that this scheduled
appointment was going to be happening
for like a week now and I woke up Bonnie
in plenty of time be ready because she
had a late night last night and I was a
all night and literally welcome uno and
I had thought that I had ran Dale to
today for her Pottery Barn and woke up
another looking to me emails like
looking on their website or became livid
we have a pretty simple Pottery Barn it
was the worst night of my life I think a
roll of that Scott in the shower came no
I gave you plenty of warning time I woke
her up and plenty of thanks I thought
she just got to put her face on it and
then she's like and then I honestly was
like well she's just not going to come I
guess I guess she's not going she's like
yeah I'll make it I'll make it I'll make
it are you five minutes more they're
gonna take her prisoner and that makes
him sound like oh my head and I sleep in
it no no no no but I knew Bonnie had a
bad night last night because it woke me
up and he was mad during the night you
don't read yeah he's like and I went
right back to bed so it's fine look at
the face you're gonna get oh that's a
passport one no no looks about right hey
do not push the level I do not want
Lincoln what I means is you are
and we are going to not do a whole lot
you've got to wait for mom and dad to be
finished we're getting passports Germans
because we don't have any plans to
travel outside of the country but in
case we do you want to have them ready
because we just everyone around us it
seemed like they were trying to get
passports in a hurry and it's like okay
we don't want to get stuck in that
position we have wanted to travel more
him so he's going to help us education
what are you doing that's what people
don't like using public fountain time oh
right yeah
do you see yes that's where the cups
should be Hey
Oh cut guys he's like barely getting it
to go hey how's your hair doing huh
looks pretty nice not what are you doing
it well I wouldn't draw I would not let
your hair be wet it would not okay
that's gonna look so much worse okay
okay you guys normally we are not such a
circus I feel ridiculous this morning
okay okay so no more laughing Joe no
more laughing okay I know we're being a
little like ridiculous to lip lift and
I'm we're trying our best that okay
hold on I have to focus
I don't do not to be during your web
seriously that doesn't look any person
what your hair looks like cuz your ankle
I get a shot and as a learning is a
little bit of a disaster you guys are
having fun no way okay starting my baby
c'mere mmm
okay even not near as bad I mean my face
low around puffy but those are not as
bad as they could have been yeah I'm
glad I have my lashes on did you have so
much fun getting outside you were so
scared to come in and take a nap
I mean what we always end up you got to
strip you down because you're covered in
dirt should we wash your hands should
wash your hands and get ready for an era
he was so sad when I went and got him to
come in the house he cried before yeah
that's the yaki soup that's been in the
fridge for like a week okay he played
hard out there didn't you okay wow
there's a lot to find out there didn't
check we'll put these dirty clothes back
on you when you wake up and we'll go
right back out Hey can you take a night
to everybody
you say goodnight say goodbye Wow
bye a good night good night everybody
and we will check it out yep okay bye
you see how crazy business because I am
I'm all day cleaning bedding and we will
see it on my Instagram here a little bit
okay who's here ah hey why are the
lights on there we go it shine some
light on this are you happy grandma
grandpa's here keep everybody out of bed
a little bit Oh No look we're gonna
share that looks good I like it
we'll go look at that in a minute hey
hey hey hey Tom yeah calm down God get
get is yen Grandma and Grandpa here
let's go find Grandma and Grandpa go get
her what are you doing go get him go get
Boston go get somebody
go run mm mmm
he is so shy right now he seriously was
won't come out here okay you'll idiots
it out of the table we'll put links in
there yeah no he didn't know he's been
away he was away clean so what is
special about st. Patrick's Day for
generic answer Olivia what if they ask
for country to fake Patrick's take home
phone oh they're good did you know the
guy Mollet Irish
oh hey there we go leprechaun tearing
and grandma maybe chocolate yeah put him
in the mall oh yeah she made mole
yes ice cream chocolate nice very are my
eyes over you cava Hey you're sick you
can tell them we were watching waiting
for Grandma and Grandpa we were watching
sing but it's time today there is this
chocolate inside the gold one you got to
open them up and they come back a hassle
for caffeine is not making today
question how do they say they third run
for the pork yeah happy probably pie day
to everybody 3.1 what we call me me woo
hey that's that's funny money that's a
little different huh you're not yuki
where you can eat it but I needed to buy
something without I got to buy something
with that no oh okay
okay
I'm all c√¢ndido for over an hour path
bed already giving a little more sugar
and we'll send them back to bed no one
in oh he did a we goin chuckling you
guys are not gonna go to peace at all
well everybody it's been a good day I've
got a lot done and to close the blog
before any more social chaos happens
okay
you look like dad along so it's probably
better sounds like bacon look like
campfire from camping okay well I guess
I'm going to spend the next hour getting
the kids off that sugar high thanks
grandma and grandpa for that I really
appreciate that x-ray was fun seeing my
parents come by I really did enjoy
seeing them and just I don't know if
some about seeing your parents always
makes you feel good and it's fun to see
my parents so we will see you guys
tomorrow
in our next loss bye guys
