well for Friday's activities Jared my
father-in-law and I are all renting
snowmobiles and we are going to go play
in the snow up here in beautiful
beautiful Logan Canyon and some of this
area we're going up to
I've taken my four-wheeler through all
of it so we're going to go hopefully to
some of those things estimations and get
out and play and just see what we can do
and just enjoy the snow
one last time before it's gone
oh not a breath we hit the workout this
is not like four-wheeling four-wheeling
is so leisure to me it's a black because
it's needed go but no available workout
I don't you guys remember when we came
up here a few months ago there was a
4-foot balcony getting up to the door
but that door is completely covered with
snow and that's not this warming Hut is
here for this purpose snowmobilers you
get stuck they can come find it
hopefully if they know where they're at
or they need some kind of shelter to get
away the u.s. Forest Service provides
these and their kind of every every few
miles every so often you'll see them but
this is the dugout getting into it look
at this it's like its own little
stairway have my humble abode Jairus oh
it's perfect it's plain it's amazing
nice yes yes I mean we stayed here and
it was there was a amazing it was
amazing but the front door this is what
I wanted to show you
hello hey okay hey Don can you fit
through here to a sweet bit oh this is
so cool I'm happy that nobody's
disturbed it but like everybody just
kind of left it and let it be so let it
be let it be let it be let me be the
snow is five feet tall
look at me nice it's me oh that's
awesome
see all the strings hanging up for all
of everybody if you have Sarah fire here
and we did this when we came up with
snow one but you start a fire here and
you can hang your gloves on this your
coat or whatnot and you dry up there's a
little loft up there
you
Oh
how
well Jared I don't think there's a
better way to spend a Friday afternoon
sisters than the Batman kid yeah thanks
for inviting me this is a lot of fun we
don't have a choice really mom tells us
we have to invite you get out of the
house go I don't want her around I do
think it's funny though
that let's see Bonnie and I have been
married for 10 years we met 18 years ago
and when I first met
Bonnie's dad he had a goatee and he
scared the daylights out of me scared to
death I just I thought there's no way to
deliver work I don't know if I really
could marry Bonnie because her dad's
scary well what scares me more to go to
hell fastest oh Jesus
I don't know but I just remember being
petrified of my girlfriend's dad and now
it's just kind of fun that he's one of
my friends when I go and hang out with
injera when I met you I was scared of
YouTube that makes you feel better man
scary no T or not it's amazing what you
know first impressions are and I think
sometimes they're good to be a little
intimidated low timid you want to be
best behavior people get to know you a
lot a lot of fun yeah I think so so I'm
going to try the same thing I'm going to
start my goatee now and by the time
olivia is old enough to date or get
married it'll be in it'll come in 10
years we're good everybody had their
tests me and Jared built a fire grandpa
built this guy but he seems to follow us
on every trip we go on for some reason
get rid of them now it's Friday morning
and we have said the morning over at
Ellie's house and now it's nap time but
we got to show what happened a little
Boston space we was on a skateboard and
was going just a little too fast whereas
how's that thank God I got my seat my
answers funny I had a bloody nose yeah
yeah so we got a little drink then we
got quite an array of snacks and you're
going to watch mulana I'm you know
next to him and maybe close my eyes and
we're we are bringing a perfect and
Olivia she yes
Olivia's out of school and she is so
lucky because look who's standing at the
door waiting for you thank you grandma
yep hungry okay probably take care of
that but we had to wait for Olivia to
wash her feet because holy Hannah
Montana oh why are you not only hot
already third is always ready yeah I did
yeah yeah okay get your shoes on you
guys are going to go and occupy
yourselves during quiet time and I think
Ellie's doing the same thing she goes
with Calvin down for a nap and Jackson
and Boston or Cody it are going to watch
a movie and then we'll meet up again in
order did you get a tree did you hit the
tree well dance you're welcome sorry
thank you gosh dang it okay
all right standstill he won't see it oh
hey hey how you doing you want to camp
here for the night or often I thought we
were doing don't help your barium Alfred
I made a sound track hahaha de CI we
further done okay
well that's a fun set up and this parts
not bad either hat struck familiar so
the old man we had a good day today we
are so worn out and luckily the key to
good snowmobiling day is knowing a
friend with a hot tub hey let me turn
you well you want to say yes I can
really you can say no are you ready for
bed for med be ready for bed
hey daddy he's ready Fossen welcome well
we're wrapping up doing our this morning
mom and dad visit all weekend we're just
wrapping up doing our morning dishes I
made my mama's smoothie and I think she
enjoyed it did you like that and anyway
my parents sent us this all weekend
and it's been really fun it's been
enjoyable having my parents in my home
we're going to go support our family
this morning and then we and you have an
afternoon date so get some supper water
I'm applying these guys that I hate
pulling the camera out because we're
having like it's like awesome time we're
laughing and then you pull the camera
out it does this and you sit and it gets
below it anyway this is my cousin Doug
he's a little younger than me he's here
and his wife Amanda and me and Amanda
went to the Albion war raised I have I
said it four
anyways on my Instagram anyway but when
we came down we did a pate night and
I'll show you guys the paint's when we
get back in the car but we stop at
Barr's ice cream got some ice cream I do
have to admit I was feeling a little
uncomfortable in there and they'll ask
me when we were done but it's like okay
I mean how long we were doing this
almost three years and I'm like a little
cool camera anyway okay so we have these
paintings whose is this one this is
Julie's and I think you did pretty good
pretty good
okay so we'll cover the part on mine
that I don't want people to see student
people on the bridge oh I got a little
bored and mine is this one it is yep
this is that one is back yes is yak
actually I said that's a snake and
that's a mountain lion
this is yuk yuk and this one is I am
this one's dug and I feel like he and
hit no in the sex yes it is kind of feel
like he inherited baby grandma's
painting hand over over mine grab out
you'll be proud of you funny Oh things
in any kind of way yeah it's not normal
in any post vlogs we up we record one
day we upload the next on the weekend we
record Friday a little Saturday and a
little on Sunday and we upload it on
Monday and so many times we almost
forget to close the block but today I
was like oh I just washed my face them
in my realm like I prefer other closes
look are the kids even in the Bloodless
discipline maybe a little bit I'm not
even sure it you guys this weekend was
so filled with like family and fun and
like date and babysitters and I feel
like we did not have a very good job
recording
tomorrow no fuss no we're gonna close
the vlog here we actually just got done
cook and we just got done heating up are
all these are different leftovers I was
thinking um Oh
leftover Caesar my leftovers okay
leftover pizza from in your with mom and
dad and leftover olive garden from today
when we were with my cousin Doug and his
wife Amanda I want they don't family
nagging at me
Doug and mes women still and I used to
go to Doug and I mean when we were
dating
that was mmmm you guys thanks for
watching our blog this is a really fun
thing that we get to do it is a really
unique and fun opportunities that we
have to record our living like this is
just what we do we bring the camera
along and not that we get to do comment
and say they have five hundred sighs I
mean I physically you've all seen the
place son ate well and basically getting
to thank you thanks for watching us and
supporting us if you guys like these
videos give it a thumbs up and we'll see
you guys tomorrow
type of good night guys bye spike
