all righty guys the other day I asked
you guys if you wanted to see an Olivia
does my makeup challenge and I said if I
got eight thousand mics or maybe ten
eight thousand likes then I would do
this video and we got thirteen thirteen
thousand people wanted to see you do my
makeup
hey everybody I decided to do it I
haven't had Olivia do my makeup or do a
makeup video with me for a very long
time I've been asking here can we do a
long with me doing you you may get me
doing your makeup and that's that a lot
do you think you can remember all the
steps that it takes to create the
beauties that my makeup is when I can
use this remodel II's okay the makeup
set is free if you've got on me if you
want now I have a lot of makeup to
choose from so you just decide which
ones you were interested in and you just
go right ahead and you have to tell
everybody what you're doing while you do
is pay can you do that okay oh and you
don't have to use your finger if you
don't want to if you can use brush okay
okay so apparently we're doing a shadow
first oh no what'd she mean it sucks I
mean you just use whatever you want
for using economics of your life how do
you know what to do that doesn't look
too bad
do you see how both sides are like
rounded they have such a nice shape
right here Olivia girlfriend did use for
girlfriend honey go ahead okay I'm not
complaining so far make you gain Oh
silver okay okay so just so you know she
just got a clean brush and she's dipping
it in some dabbing motion I'm not quite
a Deb you're used to look
and thank you I do enjoy that summer
color you're picking up the dark line
girlfriend Olivia is very familiar with
my lipstick drawer I think she knows
exact the exact one that she's looking
for yet guys she has always loved that
it's like the cheapest one in my entire
drawer but that's the best kiss blend
hey I never had to it looks like you
know just what you're doing to me nice
that dark is a little dark not feeling
like you are used to to tickle you when
you know cuz you're turning it so soft
show me you're rubbing together what
tickling you gotta press harder oh there
we go
oh no it's not Miranda saying he million
versus body bullying Channel sorry
always get it oh wait he did you do it
over on me nope pretty good that's up to
you to the side and my tan am i pale
I've got lots of different shade ranges
and they're oh you are like ready to go
okay
maybe for I was doing a few separate is
that what I usually do that is what I
usually do but using a purple color like
this what's the purple I probably would
have done my eyeshadow first he's really
good mm ah I do not want to watch it
there leave me that can be okay I don't
know heck it's called feeding the face
you just do it tells done honey so big
and it's funky why is that so funny
because he like a lot and I wish you
could see Olivia from my point of view
she's the most beautiful thing I think
I've ever laid my eyes on
well don't get it in my air that might
have make a negative eight she's going
to go for more everybody she is going
for more good job
oh wow you are going for like the mama
here okay I'm gonna hold the camera
right here and watch you while you do my
makeup I want them to see how beautiful
you are you can make it baby what do you
think it's just I feel good so far so
good you're in whoa you are smashing my
eyes shut little softer totally the
wrong kind of rest for them for that but
it's okay you just keep going it's okay
you're
he's giving read it's okay you just do
your thing okay you're okay
she gave two hours doing the makeup two
hours everybody who told you that
okay who told you that myself
she's going with a whole yes okay
highlight okay hey doesn't really show
up too well let's run this on Who am I
kidding is mary loumanizer a part that
shows up I'm gonna have some uh sneaky
cheap okay oh you're doing forgot there
you go good girl oh I beg to differ
again I asked for eyebrows I think your
mom is tough enough - oh okay
go ahead easy okay yes I am closing my
eyes
now this doesn't feel right Oh easy dad
what does that mean it means this rocks
my socks my eyes look look he just
started out was good at all oh boy
I think this started out with good
intention but it's just not going to end
well for me hi baby snatcher you doing
okay over guys
oh my Hannah Montana oh my lot is
charged kind of colorful and I mean I
enjoy it I enjoy it I did feel like I
was missing a little color on my face
round colors clothes oh the clowns in
particular are you contouring my nose
hey I know you and you'll have to guess
what you are I feel like you're
contouring my nose plan I couldn't be
more proud like a really good kid that
is exactly where I put my bronzer what's
that a darker shade like a brownie shade
well you are so cushy when doing so
impressed I couldn't be more happy right
now I mean no it's not blended in any
sense of the word but you can look good
I mean that's where I would do it Metin
still I&S does this blog and then skill
like then I can look like copy any
clothes your age we're turning to
rainwater Hulu interesting and I think
if I'm being honest I don't think
there's anything else you can add to
make it any more perfect and I know no
we are done here
okay well I for one feel like oh we are
oh we are not in this appear just needed
a little more green on the nose okay my
brushes need some cleaning alright you
guys this was interesting on if I can
get as many people to give this video a
thumbs up as they gave Olivia so I need
what was it 13,000 I need 13 sounds and
thumbs up and I will do both of these
makeup so I leave this video
he it funny give this video a
thumbs up and I will do Olivia's makeup
I don't think she needs any because
there is nothing more beautiful than
your face I wanted you maintain gathered
case Enchantix give me 13,000 thumbs up
give me Jackie
bagging one of my favorite things is
looking back on a few of the one that I
did believe I am ones in it we did a
bunny year one we didn't flip it be
perfect we did a Tinkerbell one we did
in Poland and they were in the area when
I look back on our little baby TV makes
me so sad
okay thank you my spell I think
well I think and thank you for what pity
on please get this paper thumbs up thank
you for watching I'll see in our next
video bye bye bye
