with your little sweet drunk what you
doing
it's your lucky night buddy
can he come play with those particular
yeah yeah come on mm-hmm the word a good
one oh I see it's cuz it's clear you can
see you looking for just this is the
best day ever
we were so excited when we cream
Creveling are like except we were
nervous but I just had to come see him
want to give everybody a kid you're late
you yeah good kid that were you guys -
honey can you believe that you here your
life and have a little peaceful
luckily they've seen him from the get-go
I honestly get what you guys have seen
him from the get-go just like we have an
amazing you're welcome
where do you think you're going Paul can
he come play with me - for real good
he'll sit with me I come to Philly we
can we can come play coach the door did
you want to see Kenny
we should get any snow what are you
saying to him did you tell him to go
find a tree
no look you want the whole Jesse to the
launcher and look riding away we run for
the bottom we're coming for it well
because you're still tired o PS is like
10 o'clock at night
good morning is gonna he'll go back to
bed hmm well ladies and gentlemen he did
again he's praised the day thanks lady
those are not quite
just together really good friends baby
showers in my head I think you what hand
all the way under the car I'm not good
for many things getting fever oh yeah
these are all my favorite things
Huggies diapers Huggies wipes the purple
lotion the drop weapons and Tylenol
yeah the baby powder the good so in high
school I had it really oh I'm just like
all of a sudden trying not to get hooked
up I had a really nice friending make a
nice friend oh she was when I thought no
she was one of my best friends and she
was so good to me anyway
I walked into the shower and I walked in
thinking like I wouldn't know anybody
and then when I got here her sisters
were so welcoming and her sisters little
boy named Peyton sort of cuba's oh boy
is he watches you can say hi oh I can't
miss me anything
say hi hi hi successful man he's sitting
next to me and he said I'm Bonnie I like
your theory
and he watches our videos and your
Cody's age I think kind of how old are
you oh here's your in how many days
happy birthday happy birthday
Boston is three and Cody is five and
that crazy are right in between them I
bet you two would be really good friends
Katie oh she was only ten right he wants
to record let me make sure it's
recording okay I'm going to put this
around your wrist because if we drop it
that really seems quick if you want to
walk around and record you are totally
welcome to walk around and request go
say hi to your aunt Nichkhun for me can
you do that walk over and say hi to her
can you do that I got back from the
shower which I had the best time it was
really cleansing friends and I met my
new little friend you followed me around
the shower he was the cutest little boy
anyway we've made arrangements for a
playdate with him Cody in Boston because
he's a big superhero fan as well okay I
came home and the kids were all here at
Joel's parents house being well taken
care of
nice and said they had cookies in their
hand and this little guy he has never
been outside and played all by himself I
mean obviously not by himself but you
ready but anyway he has just loved
running around playing he was drawn on
the sidewalk with some chalk and the
kids are down there with our neighbor
friends swinging on the swing set
singing Moana that's what they're doing
are you having fun in your playing box
in
you
I can't believe how warm it is I can't
believe that we're out here without
coats on there's no snow on the ground
credit it is ten more degrees colder and
Logan that it is down here
once you pass through the canyon but
feels so nice to be out here are you
singing he's copying Olivia he's copying
Olivia singing Lincoln that was so sweet
can you come give mommy a kiss what oh
okay crawl it off like it ain't no thing
thick can you come give me kisses
nope too busy plan he's ready friend now
I would never happen we came over to my
friend Chris's house and she has twin
girls named named Mila and Munroe and
you guys have seen Isaiah before because
we were on a play date one time didn't
we to the arcade I'll put a little icon
up to the video where they went to
arcade but anyways these little girls
they're twins are the cutest things I
have ever seen oh come on don't be fuzzy
okay there we go
we're sitting here watching Moana and
watch their reaction to this little
video
should we watch that part again Mila
should we watch that part again
I said Mila thinking she would turn
around Monro should be watched upright
again
oh my gosh look at their faces oh my
gosh I'm just going to show you guys
because they're so
you said the turtle oh you she broke it
tell me they're not the cutest twins
you've ever seen in your life are you
serious
there's major playing hide-and-seek and
Boston has the sneakiest hiding spots
and I there's a little advance for
Boston because you hide in like the
hardest races don't you oh he's he's
hiding from the camera we have a few
this is a very bad idea cause I'm
getting a headache but the kids are
laughing started them we made a home
from our big Saturday out big Saturday
out I kind of have the kids perhaps
today like half the kids from us today
you had half the kids for most today so
kind of do his thing you spent some time
with your brother doing
um Oh checking out in what a leg remodel
not gonna work
I showed my brother my drone and flew it
around I got some really really cool
footage of the sunset I love it
you
it was fun that we were able to catch up
with some friends you were able to catch
up with some friends and I think the
kids just enjoyed being outside and
playing and playing I think that it was
good to get some vitamin D on all the
kids well it was so hot outside I was
sweating like when I'm driving down I
thought we're going to be cold I'm a
little nervous herb is getting cold we
were dying of heat swimming well you
guys um you'll see this on Monday so we
hope you have a good start to your week
and we'll see you guys tomorrow bye guys
