oh hey ready oh hey Shh me a wrong
what's wrong get ready oh you ready yeah
Oh
with the HIPAA
Cody I'm your ball hey you ready nice to
just throw it back good there we go
laughing you got one yet come on Joe
show off your skills okay hi laughs -
litter boxes no you know roll thank you
oh and I was about here all fuzzy hey
you do your very gotcha captain next
time oh okay here comes the interferer
oh thank you occupation oh I'm sorry I'm
sorry there's a good one
hey thousand good one and you didn't
catch it ready
your eyes your eyes yeah you guys are
doing so good oh you want to turn to
 you all stinkers they found oh he
took them off they found a package in my
closet I got get it on their Lincoln oh
you little stinker hey oh yeah you look
like you're ready for a vacation
well too bad they have to be fresh
vacation like you yeah with you good
idea hey he wants me to put this back on
him but take it off my brain when you
slide down backdrop yeah it's on again
see and all y'all bring your clothes and
wash his poor face is so red from like
stretching all eristic bye
you wanted it on and any wrist off you
want so Donny rips it off you little
silly boy um every little kids baby does
that because I just suck on the string
yeah it's okay I like when you do that
so I was saying is the kid got into my
closet and got into these masks and
circle things and I had to tell them
that it was new equipment for Ellie's
hot tub yeah yeah it was new equipment
for Ellie's hot tub mm-hmm
are you at the beach now oh good okay I
was worried you weren't gonna make it
good job are you kidding yeah I was
literally just brushing my teeth and he
gets into our litter bag that has one no
one crayon it was bound to happen
Lincoln so naughty so sad
do you know how hard we work to keep
like crayons pen pencils out of the way
of the kids like they just don't have
free rein of that stuff I feel like
throwing all of them say no to crayons
hey crayons and markers especially all
right well we're like actually happy
about it but I'm not really happy about
it he really did scratches Jay like the
opening song kind of bad did you just
find hey get out of there first let's
just primary first get out of there yes
I have a purse for primary okay I'm not
a king he is a pill that makes me so sad
okay well we're going to go clean up a
lot okay I don't know I'm sorry we have
a big video project coming up that I've
got to learn how to fly a drone so I am
here learning how and I'm learning all
these new things I had no idea how much
like prep work had to go in the problem
is I'm like in and out of Wi-Fi signal
and I don't have smart device in front
to broadcast with I have to keep running
up to the top of the hill of the college
and back down here where I'm at a Wi-Fi
zone where I can actually fly it so
driving me just about crazy and I have
to run up there one more time again this
is ridiculous
twice now I have stopped this end of the
snow and you people are going to see it
not because I stopped it in the snow and
I worked hard to make it but because you
people need to know if there's any doubt
out there if I like my wife
and I think this prove it good Bonnie I
stomped that into the snow twice just
for you nice cool footage it was so cool
I was like looping down and showing it
and then I was like sweeping it straight
into my body so like here we come hover
across the ground and then run over my
head and then you see this in the
background like amazing footage and I
feel like now that was it good footage
but it was good practice I'm still
trying to learn how to run this thing
off or not but it isn't wrecked the draw
so burn through one whole battery a
flight time didn't wreck it that's a win
in my book so until next time will fly
again we say baby hey baby
oh the kids are doing their homework
Lincoln is happy getting his face fed
and Bonnie is prepping for dinner
yes I'm using every bit of leftover from
this week's we have baked potatoes
yesterday looks like broccoli on them
and I'm taking a leftover baked potato
and blending and we're going to fry them
and then this is a bunch of stuff from
an earlier meal I'm going to throw it in
there and make it you know were some of
my favorite meals growing up were pretty
clean out days really my dad could make
these concoctions
some of them weren't always amazing for
the most part they were pretty good and
I like to do it differently
look at what did you want to say oh man
your question okay sorry
about way Emerson Oh one of our friends
might come over even though she's
already downstairs okay yeah I want you
I want you okay she worked in a
recession welcome to have dinner that's
enough yes and I was going to ask you is
that how your mom tested potatoes and
when you were like is that how you make
sure it was done the other day yeah
yeah she has a pork in and I thought it
wasn't because it was so hard to get you
the aluminum foil but I persevered and I
must have broke through like now I don't
know the difference my kids oh it's
funny because how my mom used to do that
growing up is you just I I swear like
maybe this is just a memory express you
to a barehanded
or maybe she would grab a towel and this
is how I always know that you I just
grab my hand in a towel and I pinch the
potato and if this potato is soft and it
sends them so when I saw before oh it
made me laugh yeah hi hey hi hi are you
are you our friend downstairs
but now right now you're upstairs here
okay okay kids are all done with their
homework and this is our dinner and Kate
is going to join us for dinner
woohoo gravy
I'm sorry okay now amazing hey sweetness
we did like a minute hey I'm ready to
eat you do your coding those do you
watch her videos yeah hey if you don't
watch our videos you're not allowed in
our house okay nice and if you have
thumbs up every video is right you're
not our friend okay
I'm just teasing haha
I pulled the table out so we'd all fit
yes they all want to fight each other
over this okay fine that's right it is
the end of the night Lincoln is in bed
and now it's time for all you kiddies to
go to bed do we have fun watching a
movie
staying up a little bit okay are you
tired you kind of don't act like you're
wanting to be tired are you promise
you'll go straight to bed for me tonight
yes sometimes Olivia likes to stay up
hours and hours and kind of sneak read
or sneak clean or mmm-hmm neat play so
you're not okay I want you guys to come
say good night and we're going to close
the vlog can you guys take a night to
everybody a night everybody
good night everybody and thanks for
watching have a good night you guys
we'll see you tomorrow
fine looks like this sketch scrunching
by and yo cried lightens up the babies
need a good job
