hey about how come you're getting so
stiff it up I'm hoping you don't notice
on Andrea
you know oh hey my toothbrush turn the
camera on I like my hair if my
toothbrush is the community toothbrush
we'll all have gingivitis oh right
you and I once had gingivitis swords was
like the worst moment of my life
you're like an old again I'm happy to
announce that no one has to divide us
anymore now you're such good sponsors we
are cured
hey pocket so we're going hey you're
going on a little date and we're going I
know the urban mountain any great
irrigation we're going to have lunch it
why are you going
go enjoy my honey no no can we see this
right dad can we go that this is a story
that we need oh you want to go somewhere
fun yeah like a chick-fil-a or something
I left pixel a you want your boy is okay
you look so handsome I have it makes
life so I had to fix life when you're my
son you know man the Lincoln's in this
mobile this morning is a little hectic
Joel is getting these two ready to walk
pops the door he's going to take them to
the gym they have a little daycare there
and I'm getting ready to piss boxed in
and we're going to have a little double
date with Jackson it's got his new shoes
on don't check
aren't those handsome do you like your
new shoes okay you're happy as a clam
huh I just got back from the gym I took
Cody and Lincoln with me for the day
care they're just before
go to school and I hate the gym I used
to love the gym I was a gym rat and
where I used to work I had the gym all
myself
and I would go into work every day early
and work out on my break and I loved it
but I'm just having the hardest time
getting back into that habit I hate it
because I'm getting out of shape and
going back is getting harder and harder
I'm just so out of shape it was kind of
fun though going back today even though
it was a gruesome workout at one point I
had to sit and just like lay my head
down on the machine I'm working on
and concentrate on not throwing up which
that's a good sign I guess that I'm like
pushing my body and working out and
actually getting things moving but it
was miserable feeling so there's that I
think it's trying cookie tray to keep
succeed yeah say thank you good more
know what more yeah the mom the dead I'm
dead hey sister sister they talk Oh
yeah
right back Curtis yeah oh crack oh are
you talking about this big crack yeah
can you guys jump over it jump over the
crack good shot
oh yeah key whose gum oh no who's coming
bad that your gun you know did you know
Oh was that your gum mmm oh and you were
just helping them by picking it up that
is his old gum that was really nice of
you to try and help him but we'll just
leave it on the floor okay to my dad
okay let's go in scared me you said more
you said more he I swear to it he just
said the word more did you say more and
more that's more more what's more I I
swear he said the word more and maybe
that's that paranoid pretending thing
like ice really said ventriloquist mouth
now success is something like you know
what I mean the parents always do that
and I'm guilty of the same but I swear
that said more I swear to it this is the
best looking mannequin I've ever seen in
my life he thinks statue oh and we have
another one he's like whoa okay whoa all
right yeah Ellie is looking for a tie to
match her dress and I'm going to occupy
the kids for a second and what they
wanted to do was go up the escalator so
that oh good good Kristen I'm coming but
I gotta watch my feet - hey was that
scary well no pasta was not scary
you got to hold Jackson's hands while
you do it
say bye-bye everybody
okay pay attention can you pay attention
it's time to get off ready
good do you have you guys okay should we
go back down let's go down the other one
let's go find me got to go around
let's go around where's Kate run as fast
as you can okay wait for me wait for me
let's get ready all right this is this
is a continue here he said come on bond
oh oh my goodness that was crazy
boy I could have been bad
who else is smiling like who else is
smiling watching you boys they're so
cute
who do you think it up guys
right amount just showing the water
found their buns because they want to go
play in it but we're not going to play
in and just yet it's still pretty
freezing out here
and I know every time we come here I
tell you that you'll help build those
paint them load them and ship them down
here to Salt Lake City oh I wouldn't
drop your car down there I think if you
dropped it down there we wouldn't get it
back I know I keep showing tons of the
boys they just look so cute together
like what is it from the behind looking
at them they're so sweet in the car ride
when they're both fighting and yelling
nuts of you but some designs they're
super cute look look at the water
fountains doing sexual
kind of cool what you are about to
witness is the most dangerous and the
most terrifying sense so will be
performed by the three-year-old one two
three
one one two three
what does that say well time is has no
climbing what were we thinking okay so
we won't climb on these rocks anymore
okay okay oh my god wrap you over the
bridge
and you can watch the water go
we follow and see what kind of Omaha
turn go this way
are these oh that's it it's up yeah this
is my project for the day the lighting
in the bathroom is not quite bright
enough it's the old cool cloudy which is
really like when we put it in and it's
what I still really cling to if the old
halogen style but it's not quite bright
enough
these ones are going to go and I'm going
to put LEDs in which I am NOT just going
to throw these bulbs away though I'm
keeping these bulbs in my room and if
you notice I have two lights that are
out so I'm going to swap the two of
those bulbs and then keep the other ones
for spares as light burn out in this
house because these these lights don't
last forever so that's the plan
Oh
okay okay Bonnie your life you're done
and anybody at home this is an easy
closet to do it took me like what like
five seconds of light I was so quick
Joel wanted to know what I got from the
store and I didn't want to make twice
I'm going to tell you guys and all and
I'm glad she's doing this because there
are times when she has asked her to play
she's like and I already just explained
that and then I don't get a next footage
and I have to wait to watch the blog
whatever no okay I got things in the
past the ones that are super super
restricting my finger polish shaper and
I just can't wear those like on that
regular day you know I mean like if I'm
wearing something that I want to be a
little more smoothed out and anyway so
what I have is the shape or this super
super tight and like stick so I asked
Olivia north Gemma what do you have -
things are like thinner but maybe aren't
booze okay
something feels so red showing this
little number is it's a single oh that's
a one-piece it's really thin and it's
like the shirt and it comes up it yeah
did you grab your mom Lynne - yep that's
my great relative substance it's move
you but it doesn't like what's correct
you is so perfect it's gonna be perfect
for like a Sunday no restriction it's
really nice okay I like this I'm going
to put a link to it in the description
if you want to check it out
I think it's going to be a game changer
for me and you know nothing covers turn
angel' it covers this little area right
here because my other one came here all
the other one came to here and then this
kind of goes to the top but this kind of
smoothes your whole back it's really
cool so I'll put a link run out of
description along with this little shirt
because I think it's really cute I'm
gonna start calling you Malby
yes yes sir
again we've had a huge long game we are
going to UM get the kids to bed thank
you for watching them for the Gosselin
hat yes Boston house
I think that Boston needed this but I've
been after Boston really hard lately and
we had such a good time and Grandma we
stopped to say hi to her and she even
took Boston and Jackson to the little
corner store and got him a treat so dry
calm not sweet me a treat she okay we'll
be right tomorrow thank you guys for
watching and we'll see you right in our
next video bye guys
