hi baby boy did you have a rough night
last night huh did you have a rough
night last night
you and Mama huh you are so sweet
oh that tell you doggy is that you doggy
give your dog your kiss you give your
dog you kid
give him a kid oh we're going out let me
come get you come here oh okay I think
you puppies again last night Bonnie got
up left Lincoln in the middle of the
night because he was screaming and she
had to clean him all the way up he is
he's had kind of sour little tummy
lately and it's giving him lots of
burning diapers huh
honk honk honk honk ok better care okay
so we change bomb let's change bus
good morning beautiful Oh doing that I
actually really hate that song except
for when I sing it except we're been
using them how come you look like you're
in a mad dash why why is like every ice
this is what I do I woke you up on time
I let Bonnie sleep in but I still made
sure she loved nobody I do what I like
to do is be an imp Lenti of time so that
I don't feel rushed I hate feeling
rushed this is Ruth donkey yeah I hate
feeling rushed
and so I take my time and then I take
too much time and I'm like yeah two
hours everybody
yeah put my necklace on polish mining
neck earrings yeah he polished my
necklace for me and I got dinner ready
for tonight okay with that chica face
for huh
here so thank you so what do you think
you're better mom than me no I do not
I'm actually throwing Bonnie a big bone
because she was up all night with
Lincoln last night
it was an all night before too so yes I
am on my way over to Ellen's house we
are going to record in what's in Ellie's
belly and I think I asked well that is
gonna happen
what do you make it are you puttin an
alien belly today hey hey we'll just
have to wait and see from home no but is
one of my recipes yeah
do you see how I get when I wasn't
waiting to other self I feel like really
excited and it's like I can see her
every day of the week and don't stir in
my life yeah yeah that's okay hey keV
look it's you do you mean you just take
a shower bath together
Oh highlight of my life right there it
started out as just a bath and then
after I got the tip the tub like almost
full form I was like you know I could
use a shower I can use the bath so we
jumped in there and had a good old time
huh shower that is why we call that huh
that's funny little code Clark hey hey
mom's gonna need those shoes in a minute
I gosh it looks like I have tiandra it
looks like I have full volunteers of
Sandra because I put too much product in
one area and I'm putting your China
lights work it out oh damn dress well
bond just know that you've got more
talent in one flake of dandruff than
most people have in a whole head of it
well why okay we'll get some food in a
minute we got to get our grocery
shopping done okay
oh those things those are diapers you
don't want to eat those but they look
like fruit snacks but their diapers this
is my list for today and I've got to get
everything on my boyfriend just go home
my little Boston and Lincoln and Jolie
Isaac hey he just gave me the cutest
little smile hello these guys display
grocery shopping and I got back friends
doing a video with Ellie and it turned
out so bad I was going to keep that a
surprise and not tell you what we're
making but I'm excited because we're
going to go over and have dinner
ellinghouse we made the whole pot of
sweet potato soup and it was so good and
there was so much she's like news well
come over to have dinner I was like heck
yes
text yes ideas weird about dinner at Le
tonight and look I lost my whole point I
was saying I don't know
oh wow you're a good helper I don't know
what I was saying I like lost my train
of thought
Wow can you hand that to mom and I'll
put it away
Oh handsome thank you we went to Old
Navy yesterday and got the kids a few
things and we loved it but we had too
much credit so maybe we'll put that
footage right here
doesn't Olivia's dancing absolutely kill
you
I like I don't think there's anything
that I love more um when I first walked
in the house today Joel was out shopping
and I got home I was what is that smell
what is that smell like why does my
frosting anyway it was the flowers
so ginger sent me flowers a little while
ago or I don't know why I'm trying to
show you there in the garbage can
because they are old and they were dying
and so I was getting rid of them and
that is what this snow was like it was
just kind of like a I guess I don't know
the words I'm trying to say it was just
kind of like a dampening smell what's
the word like a dingy smell anyway yeah
musky it was like a musky smell anything
holy cereal Joel you remember to get
salsa yay oh yeah is Julie that is no
good
what soda so Paul you're being so bad
well when you buy it it gets drained it
gets drunk drinking oh you shouldn't do
that I am trying you guys we I mean we
all our meals are healthy it's really
snack yeah yeah that's what kill that
justifies it good job on remembering to
give me salsa okay well thank you for
being such a good helper
you do look so handsome yes we have
yogurt oh ha ha ha you stinker I thought
that because we didn't have to make
dinner tonight I thought it a big fun
idea to make sugar cookies with my
little main guy Ellie and y-axes are
going to play in our car
okay so he may have heard me and Ellie
just on the phone now making future
plans this is funny so I have the wet
ingredients all mixed together and
Boston is going to shake in the dry
ingredients do you think that you can do
that I can feel it okay you can start
with that
he hasn't dying stir something with this
spoon is it kind of sad that we miss
Olivia and Cody when they're at school
yeah but you know what when they get on
it yes go ahead when they get home they
can't in the look see how you're just
kind of flopping it around you're going
to flops up so get a good hold on it and
go slow so you don't flip it around see
how you're holding up top you're going
to flip it can you hold down here a
little bit put your hand lower lower
lower lower yes now go slow so you don't
flip it everywhere start work okay give
it stirred and when Olivia and closer
you get home from school they can help
us frost them and maybe we can take one
over to Anna Lee if they're good okay I
guess these little stinking cutie is
this so much fun I'm not going to have
little young babies forever making
cookies in my kitchen you know you're my
favorite thing in the world like kids
making cookies in my kitchen in my
beautiful kitchen that my husband built
for me I'm a lucky lady are nice I know
I am I am very grateful for the
beautiful blessings in my life so I'm
going to hold the beader and I want you
to slowly pour it in here can you do
that
Oh mommy just made a better mix create
my edges
okay I'm this from the beater on what PS
this feeder is amazing these features
are so awesome and really slowly slowly
so shake it each arm here hey just give
it a little shake where's your you mean
we'll see you are gaining so love you
would seem just having a little like
I'll chop it up a good job for your
camera
oh boy Lamar oh my how did you get so
good at making cookies good okay all I'm
going mixes and we'll do the rest
wow you are seriously so I'm gonna go
okay get that all in there
stick up how can you get so good at that
okay I think Ivy's and you too Ellie
come
what Carly
Thomas
you know why people have nicknames for
you why because they like you and
someone likes you they kind of call you
by a little nickname you my friends call
me what bonbon Jackson called me bond
your daddy called me threat on for the
sponsor my dad the born leader that can
use display your names he called me
wrong so you can wear a little lick a
stirrer I'll tell you what when I make
frosting I'll let you lift the stir okay
okay hmm
keep kiss me insulin that's my job
busting Wade finished his little blob
right there kids go home from school and
they were so excited to be making
cookies Olivia I feel like you're doing
a wonderful job
Oh does it taste good to you yeah good
good good oh you are doing such a good
job they want to do sprinkles and I said
no because I didn't want to make too big
of a mess and then Rose Joel hates
sprinkles on these are the ones that i
frosted I feel like they look pretty
good
I do feel like you are again one myself
um I don't love where they feel in my
mouth but like crunching on it like
sprinkle yeah and they don't even taste
good stuff
you're with me the cookies are a teeny
bit more dry I don't really know why but
the kids don't really seem to care
okay can we have all of our cookies
profits last one oh one last one right
yes okay going on there but increasing T
is nice okay you can do him whichever
one you want
Lawson look really crazy no problems in
there if it tastes good bud hmm I hope
you today can get much better from this
so I think we're in on a very awesome
sweet note and close the watch there
thank you guys for watching you and want
a good bite
bye and haha Greek holidays I was making
it was holiday but I have a good one
and then kcj
