do you think we'll miss us Joe mm-hmm
miss our baby boys like look at them all
yeah I absolutely love that they were
matching jammies like I always ask Ellie
I'm like do you think it's ridiculous
and I put them in like all matching
clothes all the time and I don't think
so first we're starting to have kids
what imagine kids were like we're never
doing that no I have wanted them in
matching clothes my entire life ever
since I was little like I knew I was
going to do that I can't identity I
didn't love and you hated it
see my mom matched to me and my sisters
my liked it the funny thing let's put
clothes on home
that'd be my brother with we love them I
just needed it would make her see me and
Ellie and Julie we used to get matching
swimsuits raise your hand in the comment
section if you are incredibly grateful
for Flatiron yeah
got yourself
Oh Oh baby very how bad I want to see
his goggles silver seriously
construction accident
Oh or your goggles getting fogged up now
Lincoln where's mommy you like you see
my goggles are fogged up
look at how over there Lincoln Lincoln
commute don't hit your glasses
that's not nice and me see mMmmm my
glasses
they are your glasses aren't they just a
Clarion two black eye makeup laughs no
we won't let them break the glass little
stinker Winker okay here is the Astor of
my hair I am so grateful for Flatirons I
don't normally do it stick straight but
today I thought I would I got out of the
shower and it smelled so delectable in
the kitchen and I came in so this
morning we had oranges and Joel took the
peels and is boiling them in water
cloves and cinnamon and my house smells
absolutely if you find I thought to
myself what all right you look we're
looking to do these little cute things
like where
- he's so cute and his dad is a really
sweet thoughtful guy and I know he gets
it from him so I guess we and I know our
little boys and pick up on these things
and I hope they're just as keen
attentive to the women in their life I
am ready and I am on my way out the door
no he wants something to eat he wants a
drink
thank you Jesus Cup he wants something
um I have an event that I'm going to
tonight I will be potentially working
with the company and they invited me to
one a very vent and I'm really really
excited but I'm going to kind of make a
day of it because it's in Salt Lake and
so I am going to go down to Salt Lake by
myself and do a few things down in town
and don't go stay home with the kids
so what hey hey hey you're right hey
you're fine you will enjoy me come with
the bed it was like bonnie is really
rude to Joel I am not require any I am
not read to you you might see how
amazing Joel is to me and he wouldn't be
amazing to me if I wasn't freaking a
rack starting hand
so say how much you love me now I'll
French is my diamond thank you guys have
a good day enjoy the kiss I will okay I
love you guys goodbye baby boys are you
initiation right okay simple app and I
need you right now
just a final
that's all you need in your video okay
well hey my little guy new bin here
we got a cash value on smart Bonnie's
away so I wanted to do something with
the kids and I can tell they wanted to
get out oh yeah it's awesome okay well
maybe we'll do the games or maybe we'll
do I don't know we'll see what we'll do
well if you got enough token time okay
let's play all right now look I'm going
to teach you kids a very valuable lesson
about these games and the games give out
tickets if you win but it still winded
up anything so you may not get a prize
all right
so I'm going to let you play one game
right now where you will win pride for
sure okay there you go put it in just
like that this one's the only one you're
going to win for sure on it's open oh
it's already denying us let's try it
again
take it think you ticket yeah yeah
close your favorite game the fruit one
what was your favorite down let's start
the gun one Olivia was your favorite
game thanks to that oh the duck hunting
one that was Lincoln's favorite one too
if you're wondering what twenty dollars
gets you a return at the arcade
if that prize bunch of airhead puts
cheap toys for 20 bucks
Boston what's that called a lot a
balloon pop yeah one down three to go
Bonneville lean is the name of the show
subscribe if you're not and like cuz
we're at some times we're happy but
sometimes we're sad so farewell until a
new vid is posted our fault
and triumph in comments we both did some
see our vlogs and wonder why I see
opportunity and in new ways if they good
bye
