this is the scene that we woke up to and
Cody begged me to let him play in the
snow before school started so he put on
an old coat so the coat he wears to
school doesn't get wet and freezing it
happened barely fits in this just never
gets old you guys get sick of this type
of footage I mean this is just what this
is just my life this is what we do you
can see how much it snowed by how much
snow is sitting on top of the seats of
the swing set you havin fun
do you like the snow are you ready for
it to be done snowing no I would imagine
pretty hard to like maneuver in all that
snow gear she's like I can't do it well
forget it I'll just get on the - your
daughter
okay c'mere and I'll help ya come here
and I'll help yes good job getting your
gloves on by yourself honey
yeah can you show me how you bite your
smile off my off any cheap yeah pretty
good
can you ready to play this now okay well
I sit it's why I say I love you everyday
and why I don't know it's like I always
say it William fill it out I love you
too you did okay let's go play this no
wait one thing let me blow your mind
with how sweet I am well I know you have
boogies I've wiped in ten times but and
it's funny like I get comments like yeah
your baby is bigger feels like I don't
want to show them right now cuz these
boogers but it's like look at him just
like lay on me
you working so hard getting the spot
cleared so we can exercise no no kids he
just ripped the camera out of my back
are you working so hard code thank you
he had all his tracks set up and now
he's willingly moving them so we can
exercise hun code do you like it because
we're sizing with mom you're good at it
mm-hmm and we got little Tito over there
in the corner because he continually
breaks your little toys doesn't he yeah
thank you kind of sad huh but you know
what you used to do when you're that age
you know that you used to break Olivia's
toys mmm-hmm and guess what you are
going to break boston's toys and you're
going to be standing in a corner that's
just what three-year-old do just what
they do
comforting little brother can you go
give him a hug Sheila my god Boston king
or Lincoln can you give Boston a hug
give them my v sympathy pain and if you
can't tell these are second Caesar
squats
look at Lincoln oh my god
oh my gosh you guys are doing so good
Rachel you're doing mocha
aw why were out the world's youngest
Lincoln whoa Lincoln good job so far
since I've had my mixer I've made a
smoothie with the kids every day
and I feel like it's been good for the
kids did you like it you like that and
Lincoln loves them he probably loves
them the most don't you in Boston how
come it's so hard for you to get to
drink a smoothie how come you don't like
it no Mike um you're very welcome until
one day yeah it just doesn't want
anything I only gave you just a little
bit try to drink this a little bit more
for me okay you can play with that when
Lincoln has his nap time and when Cody
goes to school the last couple of days I
have felt really good to just I know
this is kind of a mess but I've just
kind of thrown stuff in here
anyway I was going to show you what I
put in my smoothie I like this blend I
like fresh fruit the best but for when
I'm out or whatever Joel bought me a few
bags I do not like this I don't like
blackberries and all the seeds that come
in this mix I hate it anyway I really
like this one though to me this is the
best I just put this orange juice and
spinach and that's all that I put in it
and to me it's the best and yes you have
to put so much fluid in that I didn't
realize you have to put a lot of them
orange juice in order to do it to blend
I'm learning as I go I'm learning as I
go but to me this is really good oh wow
you just love that yeah bottom let's
cook her down
good job oh yes is it good
can you say mama no can you say baby
baby can you say daddy
daddy you just don't want to take
hospital say Papa I love things I've
been trying to keep my eye out for a
white baptism dress for Olivia for later
in this summer and I saw this in a
magazine and I thought oh hey that would
be perfect and I looked at the price it
was $500 I was like what am I looking in
this is the chasing fireflies and I love
everything in their magazines
and then their website but those dresses
for some reason are exceptionally
expensive so if you guys know of any
like even if they're like a child bootie
fit where is the best place to find like
a pretty baptism dress or like a special
occasion type dress anyway you guys have
any ideas let me know in the comments
down below
can I name applies an adult holy cannoli
I did the kids look so peaceful and
happy playing of play-doh literally two
seconds later they all started fighting
over the play-doh I have to yell at them
and then two seconds after that boston
yelled at the other kids in the exacting
tone exact same voice the I yelled at
him and I just got here as I'm like
making dinner just rolling my eyes like
if I don't let that yell I can't yell
but how can I not yell a car that's a
pretty cool car but then I give it away
yet you had to break yours so I have all
the play ball no does he have all of it
because you have some he has some and
Boston at least I was Boston's wonderful
bonnie is upstairs doing dishes and I
want to know what the kids thought of
dinner oh dear
what did you think of dinner is great
you liked it
Boston come here where yeah hey did you
like mom's dinner I love Joe what like
pinky all grouchy you don't like to eat
all of month food funny that's funny
Cody right yeah hey bud hey did you like
mom's dinner no he did not like not
sitters oh that's too bad we had a
repeat of last night's dinner Bonnie
made it fresh again and it was so good
early funny and I thought it was good
Olivia liked it a lot more this time
than last time
Cody in Boston did not enjoy it at all I
had to force-feed them a little bit
Lincoln however went to town he started
shoveling off of everybody else's plate
eat it or you just line it up Oh careful
careful
I'm making the kids line up to talk to
and little Lincoln just ran over and got
right in the groove what a good boy okay
mom and I have a fun activity this
evening but if you want to do it we have
to get the basement all the way cleaned
up okay
ready set
go
good job getting everything cleaned up
now if you want you guys as little
activity yeah do one we're going to do
we are going oh oh go get your jammies
hurry go get your jammies gonna pull up
and I'll help you I thought we were
ready but mom shouted down get your
jammies on so gonna get our jammies on
okay everybody's got the jammies on is
everybody ready for activity Wow it is
Maui time we are going to watch Moana
whoo yeah it's snowing like this all day
hasn't it kind of light little flurries
can't see it on the camera at all so
there's no point in showing it hey you
always got a show and you're like look
up pretty I love it when we say oh I
don't think the camera is picking up on
it then you go back and edit you can
actually you actually yeah sometimes you
can't see it and even if you can't see
it there just take our word for it
trust us thanks for dinner bono yummy we
liked it I thought any adorable thanks
for doing the dishes - that's big you're
welcome thank you getting the kids set
up and ready for a movie
the kids are so ready for the weekend
they're ready to play any just school a
week has been a little bit hard we have
a lot of homework Tiana has been hard
because I'm problem Collette working
hard doing this crap nurse was like okay
have a pre weekend
overlapping routine so that was
something I wanted to say that it's
Thursday night so committee means that
is Friday night II know you start
partying tonight I mean I just I know
that's a way of stretching it but that's
the thing I like to do in pre Friday
night and you might see this it'll be
short again so hopefully you guys have
something fun and you're doing for the
weekend yeah yeah
anything going I don't think that
anything else you know for like the
first weekend in like ten weekends in a
row we have not nothing going on
which is good I feel good about that but
if they found like well let's make some
plans
was it gonna be a boring vlog not
forgotten a while ago I said this video
gets eight-thousand Life we all mean
Olivia will do Olivia will do my makeup
challenge
and that video and no in one day I think
you got like $13 ish which was amazing
that was awesome
the only reason the last week you had
this unit on the family and how no cell
so we didn't get to do it last week
which everything is a pretty good excuse
but we'll get it done soon and I'll
videos this week so I kind of have like
right now on my face so anyway we will
get to it to it as soon as we can did
you just repeat verb get to it to it
yeah I was thinking a song do it to her
do it to it
oh okay I noticed somebody said that in
a comment they're like I like what
Johannesburg no like yeah I do
I did that's funny I think we should end
involved hair okay I think this is it
this is it this is we're going to end it
as filling up our cabinets with our
clean dishes no there you have it our
cabinets are full so are our belly I
thought that was good I'm just going to
come to me you know feel like as I get
older I get just lower the lower of the
mine um I think y'all are going to I
should use it going to know kind of the
king of judges proud of it I think
that's not even a bad thing to know them
all from my old man oh and your dad
between the two of them
saturated saturated if you know they're
really good and constrict my closest
friends are all dad Oh what's going to
hurt yeah I think you're gonna take the
cake for desert uh-huh step
let's go buddy my dad
he can either tell really bad jokes or
really jazzed up there's no in-between
it's a winner together well that's funny
that is funny
set up a compliment none of the admit me
in any way mean or any way come close
and all that lady Nelligan is going to
take a few serious just listen to one of
their jokes yeah Phil a dog T okay okay
bye
