every single year the weather tricks me
and I know better I know that in
February the weather like warms up
February March it warms up and you all
the snow melt you guys remember when the
snow was like above the seats of the
swingset name it tricks me every year
because I'm like oh maybe it was game or
no it never stays warm today has been a
very very cold day and you can see it's
wanting to snow there's like a little
bits of flakes coming around chills out
in the yard clean and stuff up
because he always find gems once the
snow melts at the kids drugged-out and
he always just finds something to do
she's ladies it exposes so often oh
you've been circular do something
productive go do something productive
please is doing are you playing Lincoln
did you just wake up from a nap dip
Boston coming did you what are you guys
playing do you love your brother Wow
Lincoln do you love Boston where's
Boston there he is
Marius scorning yeah so because it's
cold outside I want to make a yummy
dinner and I thought that a veggie
stir-fry sounded good and these are the
only two sauces that kind of looked good
to go in the theme this kind is the
Panda Express stir fry sauce is
disgusting it smells so bad
I
hey it I can't Road Elier Julie that
showed me that is it tichelman I don't
even know what brand that is but we love
their teriyaki sauce it's so good like
you have some sauces like the million
teriyaki sauce is out there but they all
taste different
that one is so good so I figured that if
the teriyaki key Coleman brand was good
then I thought maybe the stir fry would
be good and I was totally right I opened
it and smelled it oh my yes that's it
that's the sauce that I was going for it
it's all up in your brand no it's not
sponsored but it's like one of my
favorite brands for sauces our two day
heat wave is over goodbye eat way we'll
see in a couple months that's prison
basically I went to the store today I
bought anything in the produce aisle
that has color on it everything just
looks fresh and good and I'm just going
to cut it all up and hopefully it turns
out I've never like made anything like
this just kind of off the top of my head
so I hope it's good vegetables and sauce
like I don't know if I can go wrong
there was it saturate it in and I saw it
again it got kind of my plan oh I'm
excited
hey bud what she's like walking in mama
shoes he likes any shoes game yeah we
have a very big problem in our house
with huge disappearing not being where
we left them
I don't know my new bucket nice summer
it's honestly hard for me to cut with
this is job's favorite cutting yeah I
like the more skinny one
yeah I'm still gonna chop my hand off
with it you got to be in control be one
with the knife
my face looks about just like this
pepper huh huh hey Bonnie a second off
all right so I've been going into the
doctor and they think I have rosacea so
I've been doing with you on face
treatment for rosacea I feel like I was
improving so much with my skin and now I
just feel like I've got trapped a
million steps and my face is fast is
going terrible and awful
are you wearing makeup right now no but
look at the color your skin it looks
amazing
well it feels like it's feeling like run
your hand across my chin my chin your
chance
can you feel dry bride really that like
if I was to put makeup on it would be
disgusting this is something I have but
I feel like I can't even offer folks
sympathy for it because I don't
understand it at all commands it's like
it's the skin I guess I don't I don't
understand
see but you have naturally oily skin you
have normal skin normal to oily skin is
amazing because it's nice and
moisturized like living with dry skin is
sold out yeah how do you feel about that
dress in there Lincoln is not my skin
yeah yeah how's your aunt I am
today will be too early that didn't come
I go back to my collection
this is an epidemic in our family I make
you accompanied Isis off of it and maybe
singing for mmm some omelet so all this
is all good stuff Iran nothing that's
what I was thinking was like I'll take
some of it omelet and some of it perfect
Bonnie is the queen about that she can
make a few ingredients end up being a
couple different meals and it's like I'm
eating the same ingredient but in a
different way and you don't notice how
it tastes good it's like a con you're
running here yes
well that escalated quickly well this is
how it turned out and I'm hoping that
the kids will like it the sauce smells
really good we put peanut sauce in there
I love that's what I'm feeling that's
all right smelling unfamiliar sausage
with peanut is it sesame oil it's a set
the middle peanut oil you know oil Oh
something like that it looks pretty just
like you we're hoping I think nice and
colorful next time next time of oils
that are broiled by veggies and oh yeah
kids have been playing all day at their
friend's house huh Grayson came to the
door you go Cody hasn't been to my house
to play for a long time so I said yeah I
know I'm Cody he pulled that - sucker
wrappers and he said we give these to
Cody so he can remember me by
thank you he does when he sees them he
can remember to come to my house and
play I thought ok it's time for a play
date with Grayson this what do you think
it smells a lot like it doesn't taste as
good as it smells
would it Albert say about your hair
submerge a from Albert said we please
leave your hair down and not braid it
he's like I want to see how long it is
that cabbage
big smile
aren't you old another brush around aids
yeah
folded up to do a crappy job let's see
Olivia you're brushing your teeth
mm-hmm hey you bring the kids morsel on
paper
got it just me or is it insanely hard to
keep children's bathrooms even
semi-clean like children's bathrooms are
so disgusting all of it I will miss
dirty as a child I yeah oh man howdy
Virginia okay everyone get some lotion
on their face because everyone under one
and C on should I dress like an
alligator in my desk you yeah you can
shoot your gun to morning wow I could
join you I could join you oh you're
gonna get him like well normally I just
have to chop you boys you got a toy well
Lincoln has a door I got no dang it
don't I get if you know what's good for
you Cody you will not take that toy from
him I'm told about to sit down and edit
I was putting a Lincoln sir Boston to
bed and I was he said oh he goes I'm
sorry I got into the balloon today after
you told me not to and I said yeah I
know I said what did I say when you were
going to play in the like toy bucket and
he goes not get into the balloons and
then he goes they said what are you
doing I said you think that's funny and
he goes yeah and I said that's not funny
if you started crying and I said I said
why do you do this
he goes I'm fighting my smile war kids
know when there shouldn't be funny but
it is and they try not to laugh and so
they try
to find my smile a lot that's awful even
as an adult
oh yeah funny anyway I thought that was
pretty sweet of him so bad that the tree
he got I think for me oh I had a pretty
bad oh I just remember those times
biting my smile off and the worst part
was like it made it even worse
oh yeah laughing in my diner men
laughing and tobacco it was like
particular I was a hideous face I sold
getting a lecture and then you start
smiling when your mom or dad is like I
will kill you
all right good I guess
