goodbye babies can you wave goodbye to
mama goodbye her knees goodbye Lincoln
yes goodbye bye I love you I love you
Cody
no no Weston no no Boston Lincoln oh my
gosh you're calling him Boston hmm see
you guys I came out here to wait for
Ellie she's coming to pick me up and I
was just feeling very flushed and red in
the face and so I wanted to come out
here and cool off for just a second
before she came and Ellie is on her way
to pick me up we are going to go down to
my mom's house because there are many
many many cousins coming in for the
funeral and they're going to be there
and we want a chance to visit and talk
with them and catch up because some of
them we haven't seen in I can't even
remember how long so many years and I'm
just really excited to see my family
growing up my mom talked on the phone a
lot and I remember sitting at her feet
while she talked to my aunt Sonia I
remember laying across her lap while she
talked to my aunt juley I remember
talking to her brothers and anytime she
get off the phone with her brother she'd
say how much she loved them and anyway
it was just or she'd be on the phone
with my mom with her mom there's times
when I've seen her cry on the phone
laughs he's mad be Stern you know all of
the emotions and life on the phone and I
spend quite a bit of time on the phone
with my sisters and even the other day I
was on the phone with Ellie and we were
both feeling sad and she was sitting
with her kids I was in the bathroom
getting ready and we just sat in silence
on the phone together and so anyway
Ellie's here and I hurt me a quick
goodbye myself and being here at 10:10 I
know you did so good I want the girl how
much time in our life did we see mom on
the phone Oh
I remember laying on mom's lap yes it's
not your sister
yep and I tell them how the other day me
and you were on the phone together and
we weren't even talking
he needs me Joel doesn't like this sir I
know I'm going to wife he just doesn't
look like a lady I don't know I don't
know it's a peplum cut and I didn't know
that peplum was my look it's good to
give the hide your muffin top a little
bit for feeding and really cute thank
you
I'll put a link for it down in the
description along with got dressed my
burgundy dress it kind of has the same
slope
you guys nasty about a little increment
just for you guys
oh okay I'm gonna get you I'm gonna get
you
let's try to make it cool smoothie
montage and total fail total fail oh I
know I know this little boy is Omri
honoree as a bear honoree yours vana
bear I think I honestly think a bear
might be a little bit friendlier today
than you I'm talking to you mean oh I
think you've got some new molar come and
I don't think he's very happy I don't
know but we're about subong he's not
home she's with her family today
visiting and catching up with attention
seeing a long time would have come and
sound for the funeral which she's
probably already told you so we're very
redundant today but because Bonnie's not
home I am NOT gonna put any spinach in
the thing for carrots or anything
healthy like that purely first look just
still healthy come on if you do that or
a mountain Dew which is what I would
normally be partaking the other bit time
so I think this was a good trade-off
anyway oh okay Rhys Mike we gotta break
it up
mini okay last thing to go in yes more
loose more coke okay you nervous it
won't be loud I promise it won't be loud
I don't know sound very good
that doesn't sound good at all
God okay let's try it again okay let's
stop that what is there working
oh no good yeah see now that's much
nicer all the time yeah it's like it
needs just a little more liquid super
important there's your dreams are the
quicker this is the work montage fail
from idle life how do you know you just
got a deal like the people is yeah how
would you look at that Murray oh dear
heaven oh dear heaven
oh my word yep that was a little much
yeah I just got you put in clean clothes
be sexual did you laughter guys
I saw a thing
I wished that I had two hours to explain
to you all of everybody everyone's
circumstance all the goodness that is
has been this evening but my my cousin
mechanically what can I get in here here
my know if you wanted to be this is my
this is my cousin McKenna this is my
aunt Sonya's oldest friend she and she
has never met my children and you want
to come and meet them I'm so glad that
you wanted to be I didn't know you have
to be careful you just don't know anyway
you guys hi girls
you don't know me I'm your mom
this is McKenna a Tonya and her daughter
I'm her oldest okay uh-huh
see they know we talked about you oh and
my aunt Patsy awesome yes you didn't say
eyes and I love her I live in Alaska she
wasn't around close but I have blankets
for each of my babies made from my aunt
Cathy and aunt Hattie pretty so here
that he always took care of us even
though she never looked or Amla
oh so glad to be here no one in York
doesn't it from New York I have a
problem right now we're trying to get
out the door but I have a big problem
and I think the culprit right there I
caught you with my shoe let's go he's a
little pill cuz he is Lincoln Roy with a
mischief boy Lincoln Road and mischief
boys get going
no not everything's supposed to be
picked up from flavor keep going get
going get you home you hit your own do
it come on
okay let's go come on should we go
should we go let's go should we go come
on before I go anywhere I want to show
you guys this I think this is a sign of
a true family vehicle instead of having
like a nice soda drink or something like
that I've got mr. shark and a bottle and
diapers in my front seat I'm truly a dad
I'm a real dad but at the same time I'm
clueless
oh what a beautiful morning oh what a
beautiful day I've got a beautiful
feeling that everything's going my way
that's such a good song and I was in
that play with Bonnie that's actually
one of the reasons we have a good
relationship if we met and fostered it
in the play of Oklahoma but we came down
to my parents house today because Olivia
had a half-day and Cody didn't have
school for parent-teacher conferences
and the kids have been playing in chalk
the kids have been playing outside all
afternoon it's 55 degrees out here which
is like a 20 plus degree increase from
Logan so it's just like summer right now
we did let me see tell me about it
an hour one whole hour recanting can I
have another candy those pencil heart
because the blood got one did the boys
go on yes you can have one if the boys
got one that's a real battle at Grandma
and Grandpa's house I have a strict diet
the kids aren't like that on a strict
diet all the kids are on but it's like
you just ate lunch you don't need any
chi program on gum with it oh yeah you
can have a treat you can have a scream
so since the kids can have a treat so
can i and this this is my favorite spot
about Grandma and Grandpa's house and
lots of goodies all the good stuff
Bonnie through a person with her family
so I thought let's get the kids out of
the house get them out of the winter
solution and let them play and the air
is happy it can be although Lincoln I'm
talking to you chub hey right there
link it Russ talking to you refused to
take a nap it made me pretty big OD on
good yeah whoo the big drop what I can
do show me
my favorite thing about coming to the
airport you can take anybody home
see we just pick up these guys and take
them home are you coming home with me
you're coming home with me right mom are
we not pretty enough Julie well kids
it's really hard football Oh fancy me
and you got here
the joel just went and picked up a
sister julie for me because i didn't
want to go my whole family was here my
mom and my dad we're going to go pick up
Julie and we all didn't want to leave
each other experience seen each other
and so long and I just want to tell you
thank you for picking up every bit of
slack this week I have been so checked
out because this is so emotionally like
delay men I'm just grateful to you take
it for the kids and like don't you come
all day today like any dad with four
kids is like stress and I just want to
let everyone know and you just thank you
for like allowing me to have this like
moment and time with my family thank you
I love you so we're going to close the
vlog here Jill's gonna drive an hour
home and then I'll be home who knows
when
but party hard thank you guys for
watching we'll see you guys tomorrow say
hi guys
