good morning new life today has been a
much better day my spirits have been
lifted and junior from Carl and ginger
vlogs they send me these flowers and
they made me so happy the doorbell rang
I was in my robe it was pretty early in
the morning and when I got the flowers
of like it just made me so giddy it made
me so excited maybe she said those to
say sorry about the passing of my aunt
and I talked to my mom this morning and
I told her likewise also family
emotional and she's like Bonnie she was
a huge part of our life she was she has
been in our life my entire life and she
was probably physically the closest one
to my mom she lives and close to us for
a long time anyway so I thought these
were so pretty and I'm the one thing
that I really loved was the base that
they came in I have never seen a vase
like that and the thing that I loved
about it is it it looks like my sentence
stuff I don't I don't believe it's
printed if I have if it is so these two
items are both bent in any way hisses oh
my god I'm gonna miss these days thank
you very much work lifting my skirt
under you are a very different we make
it up are you no no no don't make messes
no no no see look that's naughty you
know do you guys sure thank you no no
yeah
a jerk it's too fast
well I'm going to say how to do these to
my little lengthy because guess what
we're taking you over to a babysitter
we're going to take you over to
babysitter's Brett MA see with a look at
Anita dad I will tell them how happy
today because with us be eerie I'll tell
you what it doesn't include it does not
include Lincoln running around a Claire
store and demolishing the entire store
so we are dropping him off at well
what's right would you find ok we're
jumping from us into babysitters I'm so
grateful for my babysitter's that are in
my neighborhood you know gonna build us
it out you're gonna be long yes I do you
know how good it feels to be out here in
a sweater and be fine yeah yeah we are
we're going to get a lot more so that
happens every year but the kids were
like you better get those bikes put away
it's like how many people yell other
kids to get their bikes put away because
their leaves are left in the front yard
when your rain gutter heated did when I
was when I was when I was growing
okay when I was growing up any time we
went somewhere or we were approaching
Grandma's house it was like okay
everyone stop in the car you do what
that tells you you listen to mom and dad
you do not touch this you do not do that
like you will behave in there if I have
to look at you even one time like that
kind of a thing and a federal role did
your parents do that
I think we just knew you just knew yes
so as we're prepping the boys boys I
want you really to listen when we go
into this door you do not pick anything
up you can look at things you can think
things are cool but we do not pick
anything up okay boys yes kabocha okay
we are here for Olivia so I want you two
to be cave and if dad says you stand
right by him and you behave and listen
to understand
well if yes no screaming and crying when
you get your ears pierced
okay okay I promise I won't scream and
cry either I know
Bonnie no screaming and crying on Olivia
get her ears thank you
we just walked into Cowell ranch and
they have their baby chicks
awesome Olivia would you rather have
baby chicks forget your Chris okay what
do you think for those were they looking
at you do you remember last time we came
in a dog scared you could you you can
differ Scout yes I am poor kid my life
do you remember when you guys had some
Kelly's dad do you remember when this
mr. bunny brought you son Cody do you
remember all right you guys we are here
we are officially fitting Olivia's ears
pierced today and this is a really big
deal I got mine and when I ate and
Olivia so like who's told our just get
your ears pierced when you're eight and
she'll be eight this summer
that since she was such a good girl and
broke a really hard habit to break we're
going to get her ears today and this is
a really big deal for me she's my only
baby girl the first and last time I will
be doing this and that is like a like it
does like a little lump into my throat
but I'm really excited
I hope she's excited I know she's
excited no you have to have snow they
have to be a little stud these are our
adorable one is not even smaller than
that I'll show you the one so what do
you think I haven't been rotated on the
case well there's a little girl over
there that's like not even happening to
me are you nervous for her you see
excited for her I'm excited to see
little pretty rubbery a little pretty
you're gonna share their no you share
everything with your sister okay you're
supposed to say everything everything
girl if you guys tell me the Parent Trap
Oh a lot of you guys did say you're like
total declares get her ears her take her
from an actual like shop and she heard
me over talking with someone on the
phone asking them what they thought and
Olivia was like I want to go to the same
place that you went to and go to the
same place abby's Julie went to she
wanted to come to Claire's if you've
seen it done here and I thought well she
kind of had to bad they've done mine and
everybody else's I know so Oh someone
just caught them she's crazy
your birthstone that's the mantra born
in July and that stones is a really you
want that one or you want the shiny
shiny wanna that rainbow one is so
piercing or you can have to deliver ball
your oldest we do have like a little
little ball do you think they have
alertly
no see how big that matters every you
don't want to have any do and you don't
want it to hurt two years one girl or
boy no and you can have any color one
over here where people's not hurt at all
right they will all fit you like a
change
yep this one just seasons are big so
they might catch on your pillow for the
first little bit because you have to
sleep with them for the little bit yeah
my husband is official I am a girl
so she's a part and then
and she just a little kid big girl
it's gonna hurt for just a second and
then it's not going to hurt anymore
after that
those are going to be her this time and
I'm gonna have you sit up nice and
straight into your boat all the way to
the back of the chair perfect just like
that alright and just like a tiny bit
decision so Marcus partners will do by
okay I promise I don't think it's quite
as serious to tell you it makes a
fortune
okay Olivia be right for me look at that
be tough good for a minute so three
second and then you'll have your you'll
have your pretty earrings for life the
rest your life you're going to do
anything wrong again do you want sold
aside for ceremony something maybe so
but I don't want it in my in your market
I'm nothing super closer than Joanna
okay yeah Tom so cute now you can have
matching earrings ooh are you doing so
good Olivia thank you you're pretty
married okay when my bill count to three
individual cattle idiom for charm
anybody Oh Olivia you're gonna be okay
you guys I promise you'll be okay yeah
it's going to feel funny but it'd be
fine mom's right behind you okay I just
wanna thank you look every time we tell
you like that
that's what's controller what you get an
earring afterwards yeah just like yeah
that's pretty
don't yeah you're right okay Olivia
there's a lot of sweat going on in here
right now if you're like me everybody's
a little bit sweaty sweaty right
I don't want you I don't want you I
don't want well in case any of that
wasn't clear I'm going to just do a
quick recap for you Olivia beg to get
her ears pierced
I took her in to get her ears pierced
she sat in the chair absolutely refused
to get her ears pierced after 40 minutes
of trying to convince her that it's not
going to hurt it's going to be okay she
decided she was not going to get her
ears pierced and so we took the earrings
out of the ears piercing gun and paid
for them and the she's been decided yes
yes I'm going to get my ears pierced I
promise I will not throw a fit I will
not cover my ears with my hand and and
at this point my armpits are pretty wet
I am a little fumed but just because of
the way she was acting I don't know so
we sat down she sat on my lap we were
going to get her ears pierced was going
to be good
the second they started coming in for
those ears she flipped out I am NOT
going to do this no way no how so I said
okay I paid for the second pair of
earrings let's go kids
I called my mom and I said if that was
me what would you do what would you do
if that was me go down and love her
she's a little girl that got scared and
so and she said why don't you pierce
your Dolly's ears and I thought okay
that's a good idea
so I think I'm going to go down once the
room is cleaned and visit with Olivia
for a minute someone is going to get
their ears pierced today because I have
earrings so fun is going to get their
ears pierced do you see this little
dolly this was my mom's doll and you see
her little pretty blended jacket and her
leather shoes they're real they're real
leather jacket a real leather shoes my
mom decided she needed her little ears
pierced and you know what those are
those are pushpins a little sewing
needles
my mom pierced your ears that's cute
and if you are not going to have your
little ears pierced you're going to hold
Melanie and we're going to pierce
Melanie's ears so okay with you is it so
we are going to take these white gold
ear and we are not going to let them go
to waste
we are going to pierce Melanie's ears
I'm not going
no crying Melanie if you throw a fit
we're going to march to the car and your
dachshund I get is done should we do
this
and my okay I might not be able to do it
I might need a needle and dad might have
to do it well you guys Joel is gone for
the evening so I've got the kids I'm
going to get it all and put down for
dinner we are having a leftover soup I'm
heating up right now thank you guys for
watching my next video bye guys give
everyone a kiss goodnight Lincoln Wow
good job hey you look delicious
oh good yes you're buying it he's never
marry mommy doing sounds like two
realities and all this Alexis look yet
mommy can I go to your bottle again
Caleb you like is more time okay no you
want to give mommy a kiss
but me like you Muffy pick up that is so
rude and you smiled you tooted okay I
see a great man
