good morning - girl my happy Valentine's
Day is dry give me a twirl look at that
pretty this morning we got up and got
Olivia all the way ready because we have
a guy keep airing it called the manners
Tea Party go ahead and put your perfume
on honey a little further away fellas
here so a little further away well here
I go like a it time that's well you look
beautiful
so last night I did my nails and I
couldn't leave Olivia I knew she was
laying in bed miss and Olivia came here
let's do your nails so we did a pink
little heart on that one and a red
little heart on that one and guess what
here Olivia has not picked her skin and
tomorrow is two weeks tomorrow will be
two weeks
yes and also remember how when when the
three I hate getting in trouble now hmm
of the video yeah that was was because I
picked my skin is fine and it's like a
to himself all over for two weeks a eyes
from my dog and so I started all over
and then I want two more weeks so what
happens tomorrow tomorrow I get my ears
so you got your backpack and you've got
your Valentines
okay let's go find your coat and we'll
take you to school okay I just want to
watch you go ahead
No did you like the first smoothie ever
did you like your first homemade sweet
yeah dude that is so good
you are the most abuse yeah you're the
most beautiful baby oh yes hey Biggs of
those yummy smoothie you ever tasted it
it's making you so excited
yeah how much would you like a little or
a lot
oh-ho oh my goodness making you have all
sorts of faces Oh burps excuse you say
excuse me can you say thank you for my
good smoothie mom no say thank you ah
how rude
can you dare do you see my smoothies
took one my jacket is all good
applications from up oh yeah yeah that's
the best thing I've ever had in my life
it was actually ding I just want to keep
looking at you you're acting too cute
what more can you say more can you say
thank you yes can you say milk can you
say milk say milk
I love you URIs accuses I'll give you
some more bye
say hi say hi and you like those shoes
of their ha
well first come here I want to see how
handsome you look so this is your very
first
manners tea party at school and you know
what you turn Valentine this is your
first Valentine's turn around with your
awesome haircut we did a little too
short turn around keep going ha ha ha ha
ha but it works we were just really cute
oh yeah I just want one thing for
Valentine's Day can you look right at
the camera give a nice smile oh hold on
hold on give me a nice smile and a nice
wink
ah thank you
happy Valentine's Day Lincoln wants to
go to school with you you just awkward
um I pulled the camera out to show you
you look in your hat you look so cute in
your little hat are you gonna go running
outside
yes you don't want to go as a Jim Joel's
gonna go work out and he's gonna go run
outside the coldest oh my god you look
so cute
following me all quickly I wanted to
tell you happy Valentine's Day are you
my valentine hey are you my valentine
I've ever mm-hmm bottle indoors even mom
excites your mind even when I'm not
myself Ellen painting okay hold on I
totally don't want my gosh sheesh now
make sure to throw my makeup I really
wanted to do something like special for
Valentine's Day
but this week really got away from me
and like between making sure that cancer
taken care of for Valentine's Day I just
feel like I haven't been able to like I
just I don't know why I him I mean I
dunno why I've been sad but I just don't
know there's just a lot there's just a
lot of it's been on my mind
yeah yeah I spent so much time on my
make up a nice kick to this beauty
blunder that takes your makeup off I saw
the video no it doesn't it was it
beautifully blend your beauty all over
your face I want you to know that I
appreciate everything that you do I know
you do and I want to be like good to you
this weekend is not been a week and just
because it's Valentine's Day doesn't
mean that maybe here after life settles
down after the funeral maybe we can do
something fun for Valentine's will come
Valentine for me already
for you I'm trying to hold the camera
really weird I'm sorry I love you and I
appreciate you happy Valentine's Day
that's Mallen times not right of it you
said it I was he's not people hello
you
my little precise Rabbani for
Valentine's Day just something that I
wanted view for her stuff I had to get
her away from the kitchen for a while so
this morning after we got up and got
Olivia out the door for school and all
that I was like you should go back to
bed yeah you should take it nap okay so
yeah uh-huh
I only meant like 20 minutes but
actually it took me a while cuz I had to
get the dishes done and she has a
kitchen so that it was ready for it the
one night that I don't do the dishes
well already go ahead that's all right
we were up late working last night
but bonnie has not read the card yet
which I wanted her to read first but she
can't keep her silly little eyes off
these cute ones well I've been trying
okay I'm in here doing a Valentine's
dinner for everybody and I read a few of
them and I'm like look she's more like
what do they say I can't see what you're
selling cool man so no that doesn't
explain it in the car Oh kind of yeah
okay so it's not for their eyes it's not
kidding I want you to read it why are
you showing the cards oh I know I want
to show them I these cards are kind of
getting harder to find I've always given
Bonnie they're called Kim Anderson cards
because all the other I didn't like you
started them did you start it I use
editor I gave you the first one and can
you hire high school yeah maybe I knew
you first one and then the next did you
guys oh it's because you had that
picture the Kim Anderson picture and I'm
a phony a really special present with
that picture anyway we'll talk about
that another day but these cards are
getting harder to find and I can't find
them anymore so I wanted to find the
best one but just is QC like I mm-hmm or
like her we love the commanders and
stuff so for the one I love Bonnie I
know we said we were not going to do
anything but you should know me better
than that
they're crackers 100 reasons or things I
love about you Bonnie you are my world
and have been for almost 18 years I love
you and always will love Joel you are
everywhere my heart takes me there
suppose that means like when one
California you were there oh this is
gonna read some of you sure yeah okay
rhythms it teaching a living a piano
when we shower together when you spend
money in a cute way
tell me you have had it forever you were
my prom date the way you look in your
suburban parentheses our I'm holding my
hand when we drive how do you look
without makeup on your scream laughing
your outgoing personality your laugh
your money your life why your testimony
your booty aha is our thing uh-huh that
is what is that I don't know what you're
talking about your attention to detail
your playful spirit Boston you're to
endure hard your eyes your hair your
family scars on your knees
that's a link of what I wrote it upside
down on a creek in Lincoln because
they're a part of me to me well yeah
wouldn't happen about you you forgot
this I'm chilling on here why did you do
that where how do you think to do that
you're so cute you didn't have on there
my shirt oh I put this I saved this
shirt for Valentine's Day I was like do
you like my shirt though
okay I'm like well that was perfect
timing because Lincoln just woke up
probably because of my laughing you are
the cutest do it you are the cutest
how many times have you Inc in this blog
you gotta calm down because you're
nervous you are you nervous right now
I don't know look I came to Karen's up
cool cucumber lady hey you are cool as a
cucumber
dad can you wipe my butt I love the way
you want to keep some oh very good you
want me to do it so I need your biggest
rate I also like poppy flower thank you
happy Valentine's Day everyone enough
you love you
um this is from your teacher I wanted
more progress and it came with it oh my
god when I get it done yes it's done
let's see wait wait Olivia's got more
tattoos those are adorable
I'm a in the times I'm comin on my own
so this is what you need in class I love
you Olivia
that looks so cute Oh mom I like this so
much fun
candy and goodness says so to Olivia hi
Molly
did you have a good day is that the way
to you - all you have another one good
job oh okay wake up Oh goofy rugby
captain you are round what I love it
all right well that's so cute that it
came with this spoon cereal cereal and
pop/rock system well that might be kind
of depressing my da IP one can set who
could they really have ego oh yeah oh
yeah I know what did you think was this
agent he came home from school I said
mom I don't want you to be mad at me and
peed my pants yes that computers I'm
sorry
oh don't open that right now I will open
up for you do not open that no oh
do not open that yes I'm sure it's them
wait one more tattoo dinner is almost
ready this is a very quest of ponies can
I have that one soup with sausage and
kale at the Olive Garden Club
appearances on cable
boy yeah I want you should go put that
my Lincoln Bowl so put it by your car so
we will put my Lincoln Cup
you're okay he's watching that from
Grandma holy can you put it by your cup
okay um let me just move over the end so
goodbye your cup and Cody you can put
that buy your cup Tony your cups right
here
and we have one other one can you read
through there from look what were you
gone from Oh who's it from big plant
they came from Jackson Clark I want
everyone to come sit down they have
their special Valentine's daddy you
going to come sit down yes we are going
to have dinner because this is all I
wanted to do for Valentine's was to
include the kids we kind of wondered if
we should get a babysitter and go out
but I didn't want to leave the kids on a
fun date I wanted them to feel like
today was special
- did you guys have a special day yeah
okay yes MA um happy Valentine's Day to
you guys we love you our great president
watch our videos give the video a thumbs
up if you like
next time and the video at the end it
will be last year's Mountain High or the
year before I don't know I have a
favorite was it also on the end screen
okay good night guys
