okay now everybody with me to get deep
breath in yeah okay make sure you don't
have any boogers in your nose and yeah
so that everybody listening doesn't go
yeah
did I use your boogers okay I guess I
think I'm better okay dear essence
I'm so sorry for everyone that does hurt
my boogers yeah okay this is what I like
to do when there's a winter stale in my
house and I try to do this once a week
but I usually forget but it's like go
through your house take all the garbage
out go through the house and open every
single window I haven't done the
bathroom one yet and let the breeze and
let the cold air come through the house
turn on all the fans because we just
need to get rid of a little bit of stale
air and I need I'm going to turn the fan
on the baby's room and yes it's really
cold but it is very rejuvenating and I
think like get four to help not get sick
but definitely we're trying to say it
helps you not to get the sick bugs it
just sounds like clear the air or makes
everything feel a little bit more fresh
and alive it's freezing like I'm not
gonna lie is for reason like this
prophet everyone's windows outside but
this just feels good I'm going to let
them breathe I have a few fun phone
calls this morning as a few fun
companies and I don't know um
this morning was kind of hard I woke up
feeling I was the best feeling sad I
woke up feeling sad and not just about
my aunt I mean my thoughts are with her
five kids
with her siblings she's the youngest of
seven kids and he's the first one to
pass and I just there's a lot of people
involved and I don't know I just feel
like not only that situation but just
many others I just don't know you know
those weeks and days it's just like so I
did get up and paint my face on so that
will get me through the day
we were out running errands today and
Boston just made my day
he saw the forklift working in the
background and he said I have to sit and
watch that thing take its load off he
wanted to see what the tractors going to
do so we are sitting here I think it
might be a little bit of time before he
pulls that off but I don't care that's
me as a little boy and I love it and
that means a little boy too huh the boys
and I are out doing force today because
I've got a lot of light bulbs in the
basement remodel that have burned out
and I think it's because of the remodel
upstairs they got like Bing begins to
muck floor rattles too much and it just
made them burn out so we got to replace
them and Bonnie wants some LEDs down
there so they're a little bit brighter a
little bit more camera friendly if you
will like we do that for a living I
don't know so I'm going to find some
today but while we're here I noticed
that spring stuff is starting to get put
out like all the fertilizers all the
lawn chairs all the gazebos everything
I'm getting spring fever so bad you got
spring fever I'm sure you do
you got spring fever you sure do every
time you open the door and close it
do it run it away like that
let's take you by me open oculus every
story
Germain
and that way
today has been a pretty fun day and I
don't know what it was about the day
that made me feel like eating better and
I'm like I'm sick of not eating good and
I know that people do this all the time
they go up and down I do I go up and
down and I I know that people violate
kitchen products and then they never use
them I hope that I use this so I went
and got a blender a good one I like
smoothies a turn and I have a Joel go
and buy them non-stop from me
where's John with youth the clean was
not like a sugar and sorbet and stuff
anyway I bought a whole bunch of fresh
fruit and I'm going to make a good
smoothie I'm going to start doing those
for like our lunches and things is a
good way to like get good food into the
kids so anyway I don't know I am I
probably have a bunch of people rolling
their eyes on me but I'm excited I
wanted to try this and it'll be fun
one thing in our p.o box and we in check
our PL box today and someone sent this
and they said I've never been to Hawaii
but I know you really enjoyed it there
so they thought they would help bring
the island sent into the house and this
smells so yummy like it's just like a
life fresh smell so like airing out my
house and giving you good smelling and
minor moans every what it's called with
a call job I'll hear any left I can't
remember the call to the call diffusers
I get diffuser type things anyway so I'm
just like waddling in a circle move
along with it first like that hi heart
pursuit sweet houses for dad and oh this
is way did you review your imagination
here jazz you are hello you are sweet
and heart you are part of the dolphin
and cute as a kid you are unbelievable
as a diamond adorable as a fire hi
you are as hot as wizard you are as
handsome as an elephant you are loving
as a feel love Olivia Rogers you look ha
ha ha you're warmer time for me Cody and
we got two draws you're right and in
women yeah okay Holly you did so for
dinner tonight
I made these toppings so she goes
lettuce and then it's going to go right
and then just relaxing with chakra
gaming and then this just has avocado
mango onion and cilantro and lime and
I'm hoping that's good I know I know I
know you just want it so bad does that
make you more happy ma ya haven't seen
crazy okay we gotta find the scissors
you gotta go find them we were sitting
here doing Valentine cards Cody do you
remember you didn't even know how to
write your name and now look how good
you can do don't look so good I'm gonna
stand here and watch you write your name
cuz I'm so proud of you for whinnying
able to write your name so good a job we
found the scissors
actually yes they are yes yes those
scissors were given to Boston when you
have surgery I did not think you would
remember oh my god
laughter oh yeah
he was given those scissors by a viewer
when he had his surgery Hans come on I
think you were cute and he cut my bed
with it and he was cutting everything
with it and so I hid them from him and
we were just for purposes of like oh I
know where we can find some scissors me
you love beauty I can't believe you
remember I'm so glad you guys are having
fun doing your little cards I kind of my
favorite is humorous yet because you
know ahead mm-hmm
I'm going to show you what those
stickers are for cake Kody is driving me
crazy with these little stickers
stickers there's our little heart when
you close your Valentine like this you
put the heart right there to keep it
shut and go ahead why that's just a
decoration honey it's just a decoration
it doesn't always
okay finish your name I mean quite a
mess is because they especially don't
come apart when it sounds like yeah yep
you try to cut it I put one in each
right yeah it's going to be wrong please
go ahead and speaking and if you guys
menu but yeah
that's not good I feel he's back he'll
be here while the kids were doing their
Valentines I've been getting dinner
ready and also I've been opening up the
p.o box mail you guys are we were so
many little Valentine's comes all of
your little kids and I thought it was
very sweet so if you guys spent
Valentine's we got them and we love them
thank you happy Valentine's Day if you
wear this as a living it drama will be a
to love you please put banana cut in a
banana okay Lincoln where's your back
unit yes with Lincoln where's your back
you know what she's gonna come over yes
Meghan no no no no get out there Lincoln
yeah Thank You Boston get out of here
get your maqam come here
did you vacuum get your back you good
yeah she's so proud of himself sitting
on the road Lisa clean Club we're
getting ready to do haircuts the kids
are playing with their little robot and
we switch kisses oh that's cute they've
just made a good ending to like I feel
like a day generate I mean thank
everybody has them but thankfully Joel I
just watch Lincoln booked a tour classic
out I wish I was on him and not me
luckily girl watch the kids while I went
into town ran a bunch of errands and and
just kind of like was able to have some
rely upon or myself like I just feel
like
kind of come on this week um anyway so I
felt really good to have such a fresh
dinner oh let's talk about dinner for
just one second should we talk about
them
nah any kind of like vegan eater but
what he made a vegan dish no and not
because anything is just because it
looked really good right I'm full oh
great when they're amazing they were so
good yeah and the kids like them what is
the code he doesn't like anything what
can I write oh okay time for haircut
thank you guys so much for watching I
will see you guys tomorrow we love you
and thank you guys for supporting us we
really appreciate it if your mother's
video give me a thumbs up hi guys
