the weather outside is kind of a
indication of how I'm feeling today and
put it to bed with a heavy heart and
woke up with a heavy heart it's weird
that it's so hard to say this and I
actually feel a lot different than I
thought I would feel you guys have heard
a little bit about my aunt Sonya
my mom's sister and she had cancer and
last night she passed away and I feel a
lot more sad than I thought I would
because it was something that we were
expecting and towards the end it was
something that we were all ready for now
that her fight with cancer is done I
think I feel the most sad because
thinking back on her life she did not
have an easy one
she had struggle after struggles and the
one thing that was constant in her life
was perfect
watching my mom my entire life my mom
was very good they were good to each
other they were all all my mom's
siblings were very good to each other
and I'm grateful that I was able to see
that um it's kind of it came at a funny
time not a funny time that Joel and the
boys are out playing so this is going to
sit a little funny into this video and
it might not fit but anyway I just
wanted to let you guys know and I'm sure
we will talk more about it later I am so
full right now these were all over on my
mission and when the person came to augs
and I was like you have to go we just
have to go and I feel sick because I ate
so much but it's amazing and yummy so
coming back there pretty good
Jared beau and I are heading out on our
new adventure for today we have this as
part of our crew we have a couple more
we're going to pick up but we're doing a
guy's trip not quite Hawaii not even out
of the state and only for one night but
it's going to be a good trip anyway
time to separate the men from the boys
and put on the real boot and as I was
putting on this boot I found a little
treat a little treasure trove from
Boston or from Lincoln pretty exciting
my boss and make up their mind wrestling
it's one of those kids
oh they're like high school all over
again
we're finally actually seeing some real
snow for the first time it's been
raining the whole time and out getting
snow and it's beautiful it's amazing up
here not bad looking in here too earlier
we were driving in the machine was just
not going at all and they found out that
if we party so far we gonna walk faster
upon it nowadays a groupie was on a 900
us broke on spree care I decided to be a
nice guy and let everybody take a turn
driving the machine and this is what
happened when Chad grandpa Griff decides
to he buries it completely a little bit
contrived we talked about the finally I
know I think I think they even told me
the place
don't let the old man drive it's funny
when we were trying to go off the trail
with sat in there as a passenger he was
like no no let's don't list we're going
to get stuck we're gonna get him in the
driver's seat two seconds he won't stop
please
you
dinner started and it is a meal but
Bonnie won't eat so I brought it here
for the guy yeah red meat vegetables
onions everything Philly steak and
cheese sandwiches I'm pretty excited
we're done being outside we had a blast
we play in the snow a lot more we
thought and we finally figured out how
to run the machine right and if I go
damn it ran a lot better what did you
how to accelerate right I don't know who
makes the machine that requires you to
be safe that's ridiculous I feel like
such an idiot that's the case so if I
put my seatbelt on I can go faster yeah
there we go
whoo good morning everybody
look at this fresh snow oh my word this
is unreal this is unreal I woke up about
5:00 and I had to do a potty break
outside in the snow it was a little
crazy know how to restock the fire but
we are up for the morning and it's 10
o'clock and this is wonderful
everybody's kind of got the sour like
morning face the eyes won't open because
I press the voices of Wragge good
morning morning sunshine got my morning
face on I haven't cleaned up here
somebody got a wild rain idea to come up
the hill that nobody's been going up and
we got Barry
yeah
we're gonna make
a little scared every second business a
little nervous
is it driving miss Devi
let's get silly had no trouble
anywhere
I don't get a jump I got to go rescue
everybody or I'll just take the Ranger
and leave I don't want to be a
comparison kind of guy but I would say
if I spent a week here like Bonnie did
in Hawaii I would have more fun I'm just
saying I'm just saying you just waitin
by the window for a cousin that what
you're doing watching for him I know
I've been crying a lot and I'm crying
for a different reason now than earlier
I was driving down the road and I was
thinking about my aunt Sonia and I was
thinking I wonder what she would say
about the things that she stressed about
on the service and as I was thinking
about that I was talking out loud
pretending that I was talking to you
guys I'm not even kidding and I was
driving and the rain was pouring and I
was thinking that I would imagine the
only thing that we or she would care
about when this life is all said and
done is the way we treated people and
and so that was kind of running through
my mind and right in front of me the
traffic coming towards me huge rear end
like it was like right in my face like
there was no cars between us it was the
car in front of me as we were passing
each other I got rear-ended parts of the
car went flying and I immediately like
slammed on my brakes and to make you
know to see if everyone was okay every
single person I could see them grabbing
their head holding their head and the
car that hit them had a baby in the back
seat and it was someone my age and
I rolled the window down and it was I
was getting covered in rain the driver
got out of the car and she ran back and
and it was crazy because it was like you
know you can hear the traffic you can
hear the rain you can hear her yelling
because she wanted to make sure that she
could be heard and she said are you okay
she said I don't want you to worry about
hitting me because accidents happened
that was the first words out of her
mouth and when I treat someone I mean
would I be that nice if somebody had
just rear-ended me she was in the scrub
you know maybe she's a nurse I don't
know if she is or not but that was the
harsh being out of her mouth my cousins
are here and anyway I just thought that
was crazy it's just ironic that I was
sitting there thinking about how I
wanted to treat people better and how
important it is that we are kind to each
other because that's really all that
matters that's all that our Heavenly
Father wants us to do is is to love each
other and be kind to each other and you
know I don't think that woman has any
idea but anyone so as she did or said
you know she just got hit it wasn't her
fault
she had her family in her car and all
she was concerned about was how the
driver of the other car was feeling that
you know she didn't want her worrying
and she wanted to make sure that her
baby was okay which I don't know I was
just very touching to me this is very
very touching to me so anyway I just
wanted to pick up the Cameron tell you
what happened
have fun couple days of play but we are
packing up the head out of here and I
think it's been worth it I think it's
been worth all the effort and time and
fun and I think everybody had a good
time and now we just got to drive our
lonely way out that road back to home it
wouldn't be a guy's trip without a stop
for burgers and drink with the boys and
since its left last three heading up to
Logan
we stopped got us some dr. pepper yeah
from a can they got us some hot burgers
cooking right now and then we have an
hour drive home to our lovely lovely
wife but that is the clothes of our guy
strip a little status over with I kind
of like the anticipation of trips yeah
and the trip itself but then I get the
Blues afterwards it's a little bit rough
comes back Triana
yeah reality's tough thanks Jared see
company out take the area there you go
let's get through this together
but thank you for watching and I hope
you guys had a good weekend as well
we'll see you guys
