here is your morning everybody we are
playing with Caldwell before we can ruin
it
not going oh no no no no no Lincoln
y'all excuse me and yourself wait back
up with him CBB baby and his robot he
got down on his like tummy
oh thank you
we liked it more the kids are you on TV
do i unit just know it was anybody's
engine testing the waters out half day
aunt Ruby sent us home with this little
gadget he's like what for the kid like
what they love it this is colonies it
was its colonies toy but he's being so
good to share did you hear I see we need
kiss it'll say what do you think like
mom i okay yeah look we did you kissed
it oh look give me a kiss Lincoln Kiki
give it a kick
can you kids all know I know he's been
playing with this game all morning we
still are but I gotta show this this is
a little blanket what Olivia has had it
with her dog and she put this on Cosmo
last night while he was on the charger
and Lincoln wants to keep putting it on
then shut up and dance with me oh hi
nice Boston is not your favorite son you
can put it I gently as my 87 knives
you're kinda in a car
ah how annoying we Boston is being my
backup singer while I am making some
mashed potatoes because I have a whole
bunch of leftover gravy it is too good
to go waste
for my gross and so I'm just boiling up
some potatoes for tonight and yes it's
only 11:30 and I'm making dinner for
tonight but definitely favorite thing to
do is like get dinner ready
during the slit resolutions are gone
that way we make it at home I could just
warm it up and it's ready okay I got the
blender out and I was blending up some
pineapple that I didn't want to go bad
we're going to blend it up and probably
put it in some plain Greek yogurt or
something like that and it was very loud
when he was recording his reaction to it
I'll show a here so when this is on the
counter by himself this is reaction to
the blender I think you did it wasn't
really loud for him and then when I hold
him in my arms
he's totally fine when I have the
blender going so don't know you just did
not like that very much to do any
about I agree what I said arrest you
know what you'll probably taste like ice
cream even if I put it in yogurt it'll
be good hey I know that ain't so good
the first time I gave away yeah listen
where's that's the first time I gave him
a bite mmm
that's so good isn't it lots of
pineapple and a little bit of yogurt can
you see thank you hey no that's more
look say thank you yeah Wow good we go
till six more two more good job say
please
oh you never know please thank you yes
we need to be to be used you need to see
to please
thank you you're welcome
we just got done watching Jackson and we
just got to not hit his house and now
I'm running the kid into this form of
the kids to get what Oh three my hands
like Yuma can we have a little I think
Valentine we are here to get Valentines
for the kids classes re-encoding you've
never bought Valentine's before I catch
my own use or fighting show fun
perfect without me your future
as we were talking me right into what is
coated with hospice and they said it was
okay if I said hi to her on camera
what's your name - girl Cora and you
guys go to class together
and you watch our videos you do ha
that's so fun thanks for saying hi
you're so cute we met in such high Wow
okay we just walked all through Walmart
athlete's three associates which
associates are very hard to find here at
Walmart and I was like forget it we're
leaving and as we're walking out the
door I found what we were looking for
the boxes of Valentine cards alright
these lines you like the spider-man
lines okay yokas girlfriend super
soakers really learn so much more holla
okay you pick the one you want love you
I'm gonna get to capture some of the
girls and the boys no you just pick one
and I'm gonna give you 30 to think about
- no she does need one and kony this is
kind of special because this is your
very first time picking up Valentine
alright the game will buy some to go
with it we'll pick the candy out but I
wanted to pick the cards out first
Wow that's it okay
various well I can't tell what he's
doing something weird
Mario something like that you like those
the bathroom oh yeah more holes in do
you like those ones too or what ones are
you doing okay let's see ones you're
doing that is pretty typical came there
you go let's go Mike and candy pop off
look Pete our green guy and as that girl
looks fear yes that's right okay the
kids each decided on these they change
their minds because they have tattoos in
them yep so that's one we're going left
so then okay princess poppy it is
Candy's choice I think we're going to go
with Laffy Taffy's and Cody you did
change your mind one more time while one
did you choose
minion minion one because those ones
have stickers in them don't make mine
yet happy perfect okay I think I'm ready
to go he can ready to go that was not
all what I thought there was going to be
I had these like grand and visions of
like taking Cody for his first time
getting Valentine's and like she wasn't
very excited hearts would appear around
him is he picking up no I did I kind of
felt like him and Olivia would be like
really excited it was just actually kind
of like and I was like they were excited
and they were fighting over what candy
to get they didn't like the candy I
wanted to get I just felt like Buster
crap in the park and look it out a
Walmart like I was just expectations vs.
reality oh yeah I thought it was like I
totally had like my heart broke I was
the only one with expectations and you
hear them crying the kids like whose
kids are fighting it I think that it's
the
it's the pre spring fever going on right
now they're not burning the energy that
they need to - yeah they're just not
yeah so anyway good luck to all of you
out there with kids going through the
same situation I feel very stress or the
best dad good manager all totally oh
sorry
or is it oh I think a dope no it is how
I feel okay you're a little off-center
okay I don't get that way - yes so
everyone out there with a little bit of
some fever after Christmas blue spring
fever
I don't really know something up
everybody
so most Valentine's Day get your
wiegel's out thanks for watching you
guys if you liked the video click the
thumbs up button and we'll see you guys
tomorrow
bye
