well I can absolutely die a happy mother
because this little boy came upstairs to
get ready and he grabbed my little hand
her I grabbed his little hand and he's
walking with me like my little boyfriend
you helping me you coming with me to get
ready this morning I love you so much
thank you
this morning we were running some
errands we've got to go get the oil
change on Frank so I'm driving the Geo
Bonnie's driving a suburban behind me if
you can see her at all and it seems
maybe like it's unfair because she's
driving the nicer car but she has all
three kids and every one of them is
screaming right now and crying none of
them are happy right now so I'm going to
enjoy this a little bit of peace a
little bit of a little bit of nice time
just enjoy the serenity of my sweet
sweet Frank's car I was getting out of
the car and I just noticed this I don't
even know if you'll be able to see it
doing it
there it is Olivia wrote on my window
took me forever to get the right angle
but she wrote I love dad what a
sweetheart what a stinking sweetheart
that's up dirty frankish from going mud
him yesterday okay so I'm here at my
beauty supply store where I get like my
hair color and things in the cosmetology
world and a few things that I am out of
is my hair spray I've been using this
for a really long time Ellie is the one
that actually put me on to that and then
I haven't tried this but this is what
I'm ginger from Carl and ginger puts in
her hair I believe she was telling me
and she has like bomb hair and so I
wanted to try it myself it's kind of
like a coil almost like it you put in
your hair when it's done being dry or
you can put it in before you like
straighten it and stuff like that and
this is what I put in the boys hair and
I bought it one time and a while ago up
in like a huge container because it was
really cheap in me and I loved it
for the boys Joel doesn't necessarily
love it but he'll still use it sometimes
that anyway I really like this stuff if
you use too much of it it does turn your
hair blue and so my kids are like don't
turn my hair blue am I gonna hold my
hands but we're holding hands buddy what
do you my go oh oh no we're not going to
school oh I know what was then where we
gonna go we're going to Ireland and
we're going to go okay turn around bye
hey
I still are he dinner at the store maybe
maybe some of that might be right
blossom is right we are going to go on a
bus this afternoon bonnie's do an email
work kids are gone to school so I figure
the best thing I could do is get Boston
out of the house go down and pick up the
car from getting the oil change and have
a little adventure with my buddy look at
your big bruise you out there we're
going to go on a bus we're going to go
on the free bus here in Logan
hands cold head Boston do you like your
name being the Boston hmm if you could
change your name what would you change
it to Hunter the Hulk I don't even know
why I ask I don't know why I bothered if
you could change Kody's name what would
you change it to kept them what what
about Olivia's name Black Widow
what about Lincoln's name store and you
like Avengers what about daddy's name
huh
you want me to be the Hulk and you be
the Hulk okay what about mommy's name
you want her to be black what about
grandpa hmm
catchin egg ah that's too many too many
Avengers we don't need that many it's
outrageous ya little friend with you
his name is frosty the snowman is he
going to go on the bus too I don't think
so I'll think I'll let him on
you
but again sometimes I thought it is
business
why are you doing well dirty dog
he's been standing at this door he opens
any closed video Pacific he closes it
and he takes the shoes out and he throws
them on the front porch and then he puts
them back in someone else where we got
these rugs and it was that front gate is
what the website is called and they are
really awesome read Brad I stole the
idea from Ellie no oh oh good keepers
want to hear Joel favorite son
didn't smell funny
I know you got the only one cleaning we
are both cleaning and the kids are at
our feet playing really excited in my
room you can hear Olivia you're the
sweetest ever olivia and cody has been
out playing in the snow and here we can
even right here and Olivia brought me
home a flower so she made a homemade
base out of the snow and a flower it's
biggest one I love it you're the most
creative your teacher said you're super
creative do you know that
come inside everyone's freezing while
the kids are eating dinner I wanted to
ask them a question I asked Boston this
earlier and he didn't really give me an
answer so we're going to start with
Boston and work our way up to Olivia and
you just tell me whatever you think I
want to know what you think YouTube
means what is YouTube ah
how old is have videos on it that's what
you think okay Cody can you do your best
to tell me what YouTube is like Lincoln
there's like it's like we met oh is like
half the minis videos or the other
yeah okay do your best to describe what
YouTube means
it's about um it's about like recording
stuff like really cool stuff soon other
people can see it they put on YouTube
and people watch it and a lot of you
usually put a thumbs up yeah so it means
that you record with family and friends
awesome so do we record really cool
stuff or we record kind of later stuff
because nice okay sounds good
oh that's pretty good I I didn't know
what they were going to say so that's
pretty good
um for dessert we have cookies from swig
and Ellie and uncle Jerry stopped by and
they brought us a cookie can you guys
believe that there are ants okay I need
to do so they are on YouTube and if you
would like to subscribe to them what
should they do click the link in the
description yeah anyway so I am pretty
excited to eat these cookies I actually
had to take a little light right there
so and our flowers here are not the
flowery anymore Joel put the remaining
one over there in the window and I doubt
it will survive but I just he was going
to get rid of the greenery and I thought
you know what I still like it even
though there's no flowers I'll take it
holding out for a while in any way you
can Oh hold on anyone you can hey I
still have sand in my ear PS Lincoln you
destroyed your chair we got good
join us like the rest of us huh you
think he likes it in there distracted I
know it classes now since you were
babies it's lasted about four years
lessons
you are seven years old you're almost
eight that chair was almost eight years
old
everyone's like how come you don't have
a highchair um we've never had a
highchair cuz
not like room before I mean I guess you
can make room but if everything is so
tight anyway it was just so nice to put
them just right up on the counter kai
saw everything's Toth right now you get
your dessert okay we are going to give
Olivia her dessert
we will see you guys tomorrow here sa
good night and I know
