Bob damn but I had a bullet yeah I could
finish the inning
I read you your junkie
are you excited he's like mom bring me
my shark bring my shark to me guys do
like sharks go in the water where do
sharks live in San Mao and sharks live
in a mountain relax
can I try them look out in half shot the
water really well go do the do so sharks
live in the mountain or the water so
like the water so sharks live in the
ocean
Darlene backs off subscribe so sharks
going green water I have to ration those
things like kids things that are like my
kids think that it's like a natural
normal part of background I'm like no no
they are not cheap mother himself is
River got mom actually I like to give
them all to the kids all the kids play
I'm getting my hair put up into a
ponytail and it reminds me of when I
very first started like wearing my hair
natural I can just tell all the air
dried and then I figure out adapt or do
whatever with it and the first time I
ever even thought of doing this like my
hair info was my aunt hot my aunt but is
from the Philippines and she has big
dark naturally curly a lot like my the
darker and bigger and more awesome and
anyway I just remember watching her hair
when I was
and I really like watching her and I
always thought it was really pretty so
what oh I say the Philippines my arrow
fee is from the Philippines I believe
where my aunt Lois use when the fealty
and my aunt bus is from New Zealand I'm
sorry I'm buff as you're watching and
one time I say Justin so was studying or
looking at me like you're an idiot
and one time I sing at a Swiss game
you'll do know that I sing at Swiss days
with my aunt but we karaoke too like
Shania Twain nothing in here you know
you guys see my cute man sleep on the
floor this morning we all have stuff we
brush
I'm Cinderella - are you gonna answer
carefully
this morning I have things to do you all
have things to do so I said give me the
morning to get my stuff done and I'll
give you the afternoon to get your stuff
done so that's the boil can you clean
the floor Lincoln daddy can you help
daddy you are such a good little helper
don't you dare hit my walk with that
good JA you're in little mister
Cinderella favorite toy favorite toy Oh
boss has been trying to help me my eyes
like I just cut the onion in like Oh Oh
Bernie that is not what you were saying
a minute ago what were you saying
I guess verbatim remember getting dried
myself remember what I say I'm on Alicia
Keys left it out I don't know I really
don't want her you probably shy around
now I go on today but your eyes were on
fire but in sort of a singing mode or
something no no but I'm saying it's very
exciting to see this for dinner you're
all here oh yeah yeah
no the onions are getting weird
fragrance by smelling Bonnie's lovely
perfume and then it's kind of cut into
the onion like not like a perfume plus
plus
and onions you guys some Michael Kors I
was telling you about Michael Kors what
your local onions
me helping mama I don't know what it is
about this little guy right now but it
doesn't matter what you're doing
he is screaming gila Squealer and so
exhausted but I don't know what koala
and it cooks here when he screams and is
happy but when he Crazy's not happy it's
like how did that turn from so cute so
not
was passing the time we go let's get out
and I between a rock table he's in a
little difficult failure and cranky
pissed on me and why me he's been thank
you for everything was even available
though I'm like don't ask me I work at
the whole place but if I hear the word
hope later one more time anyway I said
let me rock you let me love you simply
your head on my shoulders okay
No
and I can tell you what is going to be
speaking it he needed this I don't think
he was fake I can feel it torchy and I
guess he was kind of laughing because I
you know could it big fat little ham
kids chubby doughy a little bit my
neighbor gave that book to me I went and
picked up the kids from school today and
on my way home I noticed this wonderful
field right here it looks pretty grimy
and gross but all of these roads of mud
and snow and slush the world is my
oyster right now and I'm going to take
the kids living in my little bitty car
person but their compass a little bit
hairy not there's actually an avalanche
up in that Canyon today I'm Way up in
for the close-up it is we're going to
explain itself
oh yes come again
whoa we're gonna get stuck oh lucky well
that's no good
got up a little bit stuck guy we're
gonna okay daddy'll get us out don't
worry don't you worry thing to be a bit
nice centered here may have a problem
normally I would call Bonnie but she's
got two sleeping babies at home and if I
called her right now I had to have him
wake him up and come get me I don't
think I'd live to see tomorrow so I got
a good friend
luckily he's very friendly
I show them my absolute favorite parts
of a roast the gravy here um yeah I do
not really eat the meat of it but I love
the potatoes and the carrots and I love
the gravy and what did you think of the
roast oh man I got first dibs is good
good and I had to call my mom I have to
call her every time I was askin Bonnie
if she likes the burner cuz she's using
the middle burner like elongated one yes
I love it
mm-hmm now you'll make me gravy every
night dinner was an absolute success I
was so proud of my gravy sometimes it
turns out and sometimes it doesn't
yes I love your dancing you know what I
love you where do you wanna you make it
up okay Olivia and I have Channel at
least tonight and so before we go we
want to close the vlog and I want to
close the vlog by looking at this book
that was sent to us it's driving my
tractor and it came with a CD and one of
my favorite things when I was growing up
was like the tapes with the book and so
I'm really excited to read the book
while we listen to the CD I'm so excited
to do that
so we're going to end this vlog by doing
that we'll say good night Dean why don't
you recommend my guys yes I'll record
you sometimes people wonder if like the
kids don't want to be blogs or like if
the kids always want to be bloggers like
we put this on there and if they didn't
watch the students on there I wouldn't
put it on there hey y'all he doesn't
have a choice what I put on there
they're more humiliating the better
right
this guy has 19 well I would call this a
successful day the kids being happy I
would call that you guys will see you
tomorrow
oh my god
channel your inner Cinderella no I want
you to get any but are you guys it again
he was screaming
