Bonnie kicks me out of the house today
and said you gotta take the kids and go
play without no break for we are here at
Kerry peak the green lines right now you
moved up it's kind of fun we had to
adjust everything on the kick stuff to
find this setting said to me a little
higher on the blinds and you got a
little bigger they're getting better
equipment because they're getting me
better here I'm very excited are you
excited
okay let's go I really really can't
manage like where's my coat hat glasses
shirt look at you I see you you jerk
oh my gosh look who it is it's Jolin
from the Bani holy needs new channel
so I love instead of Cody taking both
he's off the walkie uses wonder bike his
people this kid's been struggling so
much today
but it doesn't stop me it's like
undeterred I want to go to the box are
bad wanna do the Box girl on the bus
girl and you get that thing half a dozen
times now
not too bad but so it must have been a
good day skiing because the kids are
running and happy and I'm happy to
really have another great day ski and
snow is just perfect a little slushy but
not too icy good day
good morning bud good morning
what was he doing lying there puffy in a
sleep and I love it
oh yeah so well I think that's criminal
- like a baby baby and took home Olivia
tear when it's not been washed for a
huge change you want dad to do that I'm
I'm a bit of an expert now at it oh you
are dead - oh honey I'm a lead rope
hahaha
it's like myself hey we have 15 minutes
to get everybody out of this house and
Mama's hair still like that boy boney
looks good
I like the pony that that is a powerful
pony
Oh
I know you like and makes you laugh and
I looked over and he was right I've got
something back you know better
today is a very special day we got here
to aunt Ruby's house and it was a
special day for our little Julie we
still call her baby Julie because
there's a lot of Julie's in our family
baby Julie got baptized today and you
know what Olivia you're going to get
baptized in a few months
aren't you not exciting so we have a
little son for Julie if you want to give
it to her good if you're joking is that
not the cutest and there are two little
horsies that you can paint it's not fun
I'll put I think I'll put a link to it
in the description if you guys want to
check it out guys I really do you are
you're welcome I had to open the bottle
it flew in a hash it broke so when you
saw that I got her one similar you kind
of ride huh yeah fact you know that I
love that you three are such good
friends to love it all I have my girl
cousins in any of that yeah
three tables making them that sound I
love it is just like very happy down
there I'm just going to sit down there
and enjoy his barber
making ladies hey so what's your most
memorable half sideshow okay do you have
one sir Cory it's banana Jackson one
Bonnie and I missus he's in the house if
you look as we were totally making out
and everyone was in meetin today I know
me and you were supposed to be like
downstairs watching the Super Bowl
halftime show and everyone's like do you
guys see what happened you see what
happened for like this vlog is going to
be of Lincoln stealing treats that's all
that's going to buddy all day
you
you guys there are ten little boys
running around here two little girls you
see them like messing around in the back
tons of a dull I'm pretty sure I'm not
the only one alone insane do you find
yourself a skilled in pianos right okay
the only thing that I watch the Super
Bowl for is the halftime show and I got
the only one and we thought it was
pretty good we did last quite a bit at a
few of the spaces that we saw in like
the backup dancers anything funny
awesome good thank you guys so much for
watching me hope you guys have a really
good start to your week ll see you guys
tomorrow bye Isaac all right can you
guys see the goose egg and the dents in
the wall right here Oh Super Bowl mishap
okay cause II bunker
