good morning Cody happy Saturday morning
morning Oh mornin mornin partner you are
not scared of a ghost should we fix your
hair so we can go into town oh wow it's
tough to fix your hair with that's great
and you know what I took a poll on
Instagram story and asked everyone if
they thought I should cut your hair and
guess what um everyone thinks I should
cut your hair a screen love it's not an
ice cream it's hair product and you know
what I can't do it and cannot cut your
hair and sorry everyone world it's just
not gonna happen
oh good you're there did you say that
Mommy was super done
we don't talk like that he literally
looked at me and goes What did he say
you're something I don't even remember
what a super dumb you're super dumb
you're real dumb literally it just
happened and I just said to you guys I
don't remember but I was like oh good
what are you gonna get a say
sure churros or cheerios come down look
it's my skirt gone or it is to cut my
lips for Sam's Club and I've got my list
for fun too on my phone
what's the matter tell me oh my gosh
there's literally always a tragedy going
on around here the kids love their
weekends just as much as chillin I do so
I thought we would do something really
fun for the kids and do a fondue party
with them hey so far the kids are not in
the best of moods today it's Saturday
morning I don't even understand why
they're not but they're either gonna
turn it around or there will be no
fondue party
for churros
do you guys remember the big ducky we
had in the summer it is nothing compared
to this 9-foot you look where are you
going I need this I want this these puny
things over here that's the size of our
ducky how big is that one that one's
only 57 inches tall this is 9 feet tall
my goodness Lincoln's asleep
don't smile Lincoln just said let's jump
on a bus and take a ride downtown
no candy me first to get these boxes
down I don't know about that we have a
way not just to ourselves so we can turn
the hands of clear out some shelves to
sell whatever you feel like doing first
I said well
alright I'm a little nervous to make
this fun do I haven't made this in a
very very long time so we'll see how
this turns out what I really like about
the fondue pot that we have that it
comes in a cast-iron pan you cook all
your ingredients on the stovetop and
then you can bring it over here to your
fondue stand and you can do your fondue
around it
ah the cheese stinks so bad literally
yeah I'm glad you guys are not actually
at her house because it stinks yeah this
cheese stinky it's like what kind of
cheese is it yeah but it tastes really
good
I love how the table each one has a
plate and like a little fork here you I
love that there's like a look down that
you can cut up the light thing on so
that's pretty cool oh where is it where
is it
body thank you you do that Kate smaller
pieces good do a lot smaller pieces cuz
you've got like kids that are eating it
I think dinner is done and it kind of
smells good I mean it smells a little
pinky Lincoln you're gonna sit in the
middle right here with a sippy cup you
sit right here and you kids sit over
there well actually maybe one of us
adults should sit on each side you sit
in the middle Boston you come sit over
on the edge okay we have our fondue pot
we have our green apples which you might
not think is amazing dipping into cheese
but it's so good we have red and then we
have broccoli and cauliflower so I'm
going to show you guys I'll do the first
site how to do this at once you want
some apple just heave it up no I just
need enough let me show you how to do it
you stick it on your fork I mean I'm not
like saying I'm like oh you dip it in I
mean that's like perfect you've got to
pay attention and then bring it over to
your plate and make sure it's not too
hot can you guys do that you guys want
to try it but don't touch the pan cuz
it's hot and wink and daddy's gonna have
to help you okay wait
good job see the look dip it in and then
pull it on and spin it like this there
you go blow it off over your plate good
job how good is that fish so
everything's in bloom on it okay you
like it did you like this
after playing yeah that's really oily
oily I don't know why I just like that
do ya taste good
yeah if you guys want the recipe which
I'm positive you're going to cuz it was
so good make sure to give the video a
thumbs up and if we get ten thousand
likes on it which isn't totally
obtainable 15 ok dose is fifty okay
fifteen thousand likes me and Ellie will
do a Western Ellie's belly on her
channel did you like that bite better or
was it still kind of gross so kind of
gross you don't like love love it maybe
it's a little adult tasty for you kids
all the neighbors know it's really hot
it's gonna be hot this is kind of scary
you want to blow on it yourself
Hey well don't spit on it mom what what
I just blew on it one time and then is
what I just take a little I fell in the
mouth it's crazy I love it because I
wanted this to be like a reward cuz it's
the weekend or whatever no go I love
dishes but it's French flag laps or
watch any state we hold for Kim Jones
asked me what I thought about the pot
and how I thought it was work
I've only used a couple other ones but
this one is such a good one and my
sister-in-law that does fondue a lot
this is or she recommended to me so if
you guys want to check out the pot I'll
leave a link in the description for you
guys so you couldn't look at it I don't
know
fondue good somehow our fondue party has
turned into a connected party okay show
me about I'm watching hold on hold on I
got to see a hold on the body boss's
trying to show me something that was not
worth waiting for
okay Olivia what are you gonna say okay
no no fries
nice the karate theme ended abruptly and
now the kids doing the dishes so he'll
the karate ended teamwork makes the
dream work everybody teamwork makes the
dream work all your toys are put back in
your bedroom and tonight I want you to
leave them alone and you go to sleep
okay I don't want his toys in the hall
closet anymore
and he wants them out that's a lot of
change howdy
lastly put your toys in your room okay
you be nice to your mama you give mom a
big nice hug you tell mama sorry best
apology ever yeah
you could make more protein everyone's
belly is full of cheese and apples and
bread and others house stinks like
Gruyere cheese or however you say it
calling it a night okay get your books
let's go because if I'm gonna let you
guys stay up and watch a little movie
like I have wedgies read books turn your
lamp on if I see you two again you'll
have to get back on your own bed and you
will not get to have your sleepover okay
okay
have your wedgie in here quietly if I
have the viewfinder up do you swear
you're not gonna sit and stare at it I'm
sorry obviously just went straight to
going through doing a shutdown of the
house like we do every single night
where you say good night to you guys
before it gets dark
see just like that in the light of the
moon I'm gonna tell you
