what he doesn't know is he actually
loves it
people get some breakfast but oh oh okay
single shot always happy you go I don't
know yep careful there buddy yeah yeah
the right fit the right fit go okay
after a lot of Whitehaven we have a shot
of the new outfit
welcome learning Lincoln ah you were so
mad at me are you so mad at me look at
that flannel onesie I want a flannel
Wendy with his awesome sense of pants
and suspenders you do your laughs and
now you're trying not to are you
laughing because I said I won the onesie
okay mister he's on your entire Dwight
tell me why are you Andre and tired no
not because Boston woke you up why are
you so tired because you stayed up till
11 o'clock
you're naughty and yes it didn't help
that you woke him up and are you gonna
do that again are you gonna wake your
brother up the PISA sleep in the morning
No so this type of bathroom has been
leaking for a little bit and I kind of
just let it go with a box underneath
because I'm very tired of doing house
repairs but that's my big boy pants on
and I got back to where Tonto
they're done one of my chores for the
day is to clean up all of this mess and
kind of get the garage cleaned up again
the only vehicle I have to do that with
don't Frank here you can help me out
people keep telling me that I need to
buy trucks but that'd be ridiculous
a truck can't do that a truck doesn't
have a trunk lid to close your lid on
it's like like a gator grip on my stuff
a truck cannot do that although I would
take it together - coming well you guys
this is a sad day you hear that my
little cars not wanting to start and it
won't even like shift into neutral for
me to push it out of the way which tells
me there's a real big problem
electrically man that's a bad deal that
really is a bad deal I'm good enough I
mean feel like I look amazing right look
amazing today that's good having a good
hat day hello oh not much
hey I have a question my little Gio I've
got plenty of battery power and it's
making like click noise but not quite to
the starter click noise some time I
thought I was rebuilt with colic five
times I figured I'd give him a call
first but he's a little stumped himself
but he says there's a way to override
this and let me get it into neutral so I
can get it out of this parking lot I'm
stuck in a parking lot and I'm sure
people are not appreciative of it all
right well through a little
investigating on my own I think this is
the override button which my car is not
equipped with but when I took this
little cap out of here there's a little
white button and share us that let me go
into neutral so now I can push the car
home all by myself and
and I guess we'll just go from there at
least I'll get it out of the way see
what we can do
rest in peace Marylou rest in peace not
my IRA and you know what you're not
alone that's the second one only
laughing to keep some kind all I have to
say well I had some help from a couple
of college kids and they helped me get
my car onto the street now I'm just
going to walk home yeah my four-wheeler
and come polish stupid car home now what
I had planned for is this is really
sucking my progress from my chore list
today I went home and got me my tools
and I'm going to start with the battery
terminals and clean them up first I
don't think it's a battery issue because
I'm seeing weird responses first but
that's the easiest access so that's how
I work on first
process of elimination process of
eliminating this car and I get a shout
out from Toyota this is technically a
Toyota actually geo is the exact same is
to note if you have a Toyota Corolla in
the same year they're identical across
the board so I'm gonna talk about a fan
I love this car but it's it's ready to
go out of the past year so
well that didn't work that means that I
didn't take care of it at all I still
have the glitch same electrical this
this is sucks
this is sucks alright I broke down I
went got my four-wheeler I'm going to
see if I can jump-start it he's gonna
get a little more juice to the battery I
don't know if that'll even help or not
I'm kind of at a loss but I'm willing to
try anything to get this silly little
car home dang you Frank it's are a sweet
sweet sound of Frank Lord more like
spitting that round
at Frank all right well geo you fooled
me for the last time I got you running
I got you running like crazy of all my
presets just reset on my stinking radio
and I have to change that again that
makes me so mad
thanks so much working I never remember
how to set the clock but through a
process of elimination I think me and my
father-in-law come to the conclusion
that it is my alternator that is bad in
this car and not the car itself so
that's good news that's good news but I
feel like I'm going to be doubling the
value of the car by putting a brand new
alternator in it so yeah was pulling it
I love that our little grocery store has
a play area for little kids and so does
Boston he loves going in there and
playing bye buddy
my face is so red and irritated from
coming back to the Utah weather when my
face was in Hawaii it was so amazing I
barely even did anything to in here I'm
like lathering and lotion and like just
like trying to avoid the alligators in
any way beyond the point that's why my
face is red trying to deal with Utah
weather and I'm awkwardly walking around
this grocery store and I say awkwardly
because I have socks like bunched up in
the bottom of my boots and because I had
Lincoln in one arm this morning because
he was upset to say the least
I had Boston in one hand my purse
dangling from one and I suspect laughing
at me anyway we I I had to slip my boots
on and there was already socks in them
from when I took them off last time I
thought well I'm getting two pair of
socks in my boots today because I'm not
putting the kids down because if they
ran away from me one more time I thought
I was going to go nuts of so I had about
five employees looking at me probably
wondering what I'm doing and please tell
me I am NOT the only person that does
this I don't have I mean I do have a
little baby watch we can watch
here you do it he was trying to us
earlier anyway I come down the baby
aisle have like baby slobber on my mouth
I come down the baby aisle just to look
and just to see if I need anything and
it's not like I need one I need one
thing but I just like to look I like to
look and see see and if I wouldn't you
guys here I wouldn't have remembered
that I needed to buy anything
well come on okay look what do you need
you want to hold something oh look how
cute this little copy is trying to hold
it for a minute that's a cute little cup
hey cute little guy do you know how many
stupid cups my hair is probably because
I just come down baby I'll just a lot
but the other day Lincoln for his binky
in a toilet and I won't tell you serve
anything in the toilet if I want to
really stinky because I hate when I
don't have them and
that was rude that was so rude you're
such a jerk all right well I got the car
home at the house it made it here but
the second I got home I shut it off and
I thought well I'm going to see if it'll
turn back on again if it's recharged or
what not when to turn it on and it just
clicks so obviously my alternator is not
letting my vehicle hold a charge and if
it is running it'll stay running it's
not so change the alternator like a nice
and shiny
all right the new one is in after a
couple hours worth of work a few curse
words later and we are done
what did you ask moment I left I've got
add value I where did you hear that is
line in moa√±a
so you're okay let's try not to reenact
mallanna's words okay thank you should I
- ah yeah we'll try to learn the words a
little better who stand up stand up
happy Mugen bigger much to a festival
huh
look come on see channa put the boot on
his Alana he shall do that so hold on
little put the shoe in he can help
pumpkin leave the neck these two have
been my sidekick on this afternoon Cody
and Boston are outside playing with dad
while dad works on the car he's been
working on it all day long and all that
our homework we have all done our piano
practice and no we're just getting ready
for some dinner so we want to thank you
guys for watching our videos and we'll
see you guys tomorrow bye guys
Hey
