good morning everybody I woke up this
morning like on a mad dash Olivia out
the door to school and then to get here
to the Chevy dealership we are getting
this rhythm fixed finally from when that
door came down on the antenna and broke
it so they're going to fix it for me
oh hey they just pulled it in they just
pulled me and that's my backside that's
the back of it on a third arm probably
just start now time to relax and play
some pool and enjoy myself
did
I didn't know how good I was at school I
not only did I did I win but I also lost
state I'm pretty good amazing to get
that talent for that all that went south
yep that went south real quick did you
hurt your hand I am so glad to get home
early laughing should we tell him what
we were doing no this is what we were
doing Lawson was behind the door and
that's what we were doing I said huh
what is this like the door is nothing
and I was pushing on the door and Cody
your boss was last seen but he had his
little fingers here show me where you
had them show me where you had them come
here yeah we don't do it again do it
again
duty and let me see keep him there yes
yeah and I thought to myself I really
should tell him not to put a senior's
there but I ranting on the camera first
because they were so cute and I kind of
wanted to record them and then Lincoln
opened the door didn't mean he's smashed
your little finger little brothers can
be kind of Turkey huh oh now you're
holding a grudge
see now he knows I'm giving him some
sympathy so he's kind of milking it I
want to see a smile oh okay you give me
a smile I'm going to eat your nose and
what I saw
oh you're hitting my wall Oh who scooted
the chair that's close to the wall
alright mister I see what you're doing
here I see what you're doing here i
intervene yet you got gun system on oh
you want to cook you some plate okay
let's go I don't know yet I'll help you
let's go
it's funny because Joel was the one that
wanted to get this glass table top I
didn't want to get it because I think
the table is really pretty without the
glass on it and now that we have it
Joel's like I don't know I wasn't loved
it and I do I like it it's not I mean
it's okay I mean I would prefer it
without the glass top I definitely don't
like the shine on it it's not as pretty
but it is a little more realistic for
kids
I just want two kids play on it without
me being like hey I'm like it's okay
yeah if we had space for two different
tables this could be just its own
kitchen table and the kids didn't have
to use it yeah I believe it yeah where
this is the table yeah everything for
everything gotta be a little more
durable yeah I like it it's okay it's
fine it's not the most ideal but I like
it
I am eat your sandwich Joe that was his
idea
well Olivia well we have something very
special to fuss about
we have something very special to
discuss here you'll see if you guys
remember which I'm sure you do if you
haven't seen the video where I take
Olivia's doll away from her I'll put it
in the iCard here and in the description
for you guys to catch you up to speed
that maybe was really hard for me for
two reasons I really did not want to
punish Olivia and not very many people
agree with me and as at first potage
reading the comments I got super
offended I was like
whatever like I was so mad but then I
got thinking okay am I wrong so I called
my dad half in tears know my dad called
me and was like are you doing okay I'm
like are you calling because of the 2000
comments down my throat saying how wrong
I am and he's like well maybe and I'm
really good to let comments brush off my
shoulders I really am and the reason I
made it through just fine was because I
understand that we don't all have the
same opinion I feel very confident and
very confident with my decision because
I think the majority of the concern was
that a lot of nail biters and skin
Pickers have anxiety when Olivia started
several several months ago and several
months ago probably six months ago I
noticed that she was biting her nails
and peeling the skin off of her
fingertips and whenever she would come
home from school I would ask her where
were you at and what were you doing when
you were doing that and how did you feel
when you were picking your skin well you
have all I start as I see no one knows
then I started like noticing that I just
do it and then when I got on if I was
really good mmmmno what she would tell
me is that she was bored and I didn't
say were you bored I just said what were
you feeling when you would do that and
it was because she was bored if she had
anxiety I think I would know I pay very
close attention to those kind of things
with Olivia and when it came down to is
that she was just bored and that she had
started to have it and I think some
people are more prone to habit-forming
than others and I feel like that was
just something that happened she just
made it into a habit and so we worked
every day she'd come home and she would
show me all I bet my nails all I peeled
my skin and one day it was so bad that
she almost couldn't go to piano lessons
yeah and so that's where me as a mom
came in and said okay this needs to stop
and you can't do it because a lot of
people like it's her body she knew she
wants but also so publicly those are the
comments that I got but privately people
emailed me and said
I picked my nails as a child and I wish
so bad my mom would have made me stop I
was so bad and she even said she's like
but dad does it dad fights his nails
because I kinda decided to get us one he
was biting his nails we were dressed I
caught him in the back listen like now
you do have to and that's the habit the
jola ties to do as little his isn't
severe he doesn't like do as a nervous
thing he just happy that he has but it's
not a nervous one I did nails for a
really long time and women would come in
and they would be so embarrassed they
would be humiliated about their nails
they would ruin their nail beds and I
just I don't know I feel like the
lessons of the Libya has learned from
this week which will tell you about I
noticed like a long segment but I want
to like share this with you guys is
priceless the lessons that she's
learning a priceless so last week and I
worried about you when I was gone when I
was in Hawaii I prayed for you that you
would be able to stop biting your nails
and peeling your skin and she made it so
we started this thing on Thursday and on
Wednesday she came home from school and
she told Joel she said I peeled my skin
on my one finger on one finger huh
they're like a white we just like a
little when I feel like Paris kind of do
realize it's okay like when there's like
little pumps could you scan like if you
peel it okay it's going to kind of come
up with on its own and you don't make it
than it looks go away yeah he's like
usually like like one time I was in
sleep and of course you sky still known
Edison kind of like a swirl like that
and so like my I was in there and I
thought because I usually don't want to
like don't want to like fight it off hmm
and so yeah so you did it so she was one
day shy of her goal and she came home
and was honest with Joel and so he said
okay and I think discipline if the
parents are not on the same page is not
going to be near as successful as it
could so Joel being on the same page as
me
okay Olivia we have to start the week
over so that was last Wednesday today is
Wednesday and she made it a full week so
you get your baby doll back and you know
what
here is Melanie and I have a surprise
for you
I got you a new dress for your doll No
and I got one for my doll too so that
they can both have these really pretty
dresses to wear so hi you google Oh you
just there's a little spot in the back
you can untie that is that not pretty is
that pretty so I got purple for you
because that's your favorite color and
then pink for my baby hair yes your
house on the way yeah yeah my dad told
me when I was little because I had a bad
attitude one time I didn't even know I
had a bad attitude and he was like you
have bad acid and it takes 21 days to
break a habit and he's like I want you
to go 21 days and not have a bad
attitude and that was really hard for me
when I was little and I remember I
walked out to the peach trees myself by
my dog Sonny and I knelt down in the
grassland said a little prayer to help
me and so about the weekend my dad said
you know you need to give her the tools
that she needs if she's picking it
because she's dry you need to put oil
around your fingertips or what did we do
every night I gave you the oil and every
night she would put it around her
cuticles and around her fingertips and
we would and that's what we didn't say
it like could usually I can I was like
I'm making my skin but I'm not just
usually like really icky mm-hmm no my
mom said it's excit then you just put
that kind of oil yeah make it right yep
so we gave her the day she needed and
she did it you guys she did it and she's
not mentally scarred for the rest of her
life because like took hers all away
you're gonna put her right now okay you
go ahead and do that so she made it one
week without picking her skin or biting
her nails and so I want her to be able
to go 21 days my after what do you think
would be a really awesome thing Ross
you're testing your town what do you
think would be a really awesome thing to
do if you go 21 days without picking
your skin what do you think of
some reward would be I always wanted to
pierce my ear so a two-week CR yep so I
told her if you can go two more weeks
and make it 21 days we'll go get her
ears pierced and I know she can do it
well I know that that was like a really
long-winded ending to this vlog but I
feel very proud of her and I feel very
proud of not myself like I was like I'm
very proud of the way I handled it but I
know that a lot of people don't agree
but I am happy with the way we did a lot
of people asking allow your tips well
behaved rules because I'm hard on them
and I feel like people want to know what
I do but then when they hear it's like
oh I did not going to do that but you do
what you do for your own children for
your own family and I'm grateful for
that I'm grateful that we can each do
things a little bit different that's
what makes our world go round
that's what makes our world go round is
that we're all different we all do
things our own way and I'm grateful that
I can do mine my own way thank you guys
for watching and coming along with us
and we'll see you guys in tomorrow's
video bye guys
Olivia changed in nothing flat and her
only request was mom will you come play
with me
so we are going to go down and we are
going to play with our defocusing with
our new little shoes with my hers you
will love those okay we're going to go
play with our dog and enjoy the rest of
our evening and we'll update you in two
weeks let you know if you're okay
only if you fall down and show me your
Iron Man skills you get on my case show
me a man show me your Iron Man face see
your iron ethic no chill the camera show
your iron message oh wow
