happy happy birthday Jolie dear I don't
know the rest
Oh Oh red take over baby's Apple days
will come to me now your happiness will
come to you
oh yeah no yes you have one wish oh if
you have a wish if I ever wish if I have
good you my only you were using yourself
a happy birthday son I had one wish I
wish you'd be a happy happy birthday to
you from me when never more happy
birthday to you happy birthday to you
happy birthday my jolly happy birthday
to you it's a birthday it's my golden
birthday he is 31 on the 31st thank God
you did you got old happy birthday Joey
yeah we have designated that can you
guys guess who gets the green candles my
boss and get the green candles and can
you guys guess who likes the blue ones
Cody gets the blue candles and Olivia
wanted the red ones in check so my candy
cane and mommy will take care of the
yellow ones because Lincoln will just
destroy everything and you can put all
yours in there you can do it exactly how
you want and this package looks like
y'all pick up some candles
it only has 24 use I just wanted you to
circle like a three and a one not a
circle and yeah it's okay I was hoping
to have 31 candles but
okay good you can put it wherever you
want coach you do whatever you want
that's the beauty yeah okay look at
Lincoln is like stem in there Watson
okay this is exciting this is exciting
yes are you excited okay while you guys
are putting in candles what is your
favorite thing about daddy I love you
what's your favorite thing about daddy
Leland okay I already put my Donnie let
you stay up and have a pizza party when
I was gone was that awesome I - how is
that extra patient with you when you do
homework
what yes okay I was like yep E is a lot
more paper than I am she's my mom like
yeah yeah yeah okay Boston's doing his
candles Cody what is your favorite thing
about dad well Boston those both candles
now I get about life and my gosh no cane
oh I think that Joel is a very playful
jazz no nose we got to get jobs you
can't get on the table to me I think
that Joel is a very playful dad do you
want I'll tell you guys what he's doing
in a minute okay while I put the candles
on the cake now Boston oh yeah you gotta
let him do it okay Oh Lincoln is putting
the yellow in in you guys
oh no no let go let go Boston you're in
charge of the green ones backpack anyway
course she's putting them in chill he is
putting candles in the cake oh my God
look
and look he just turned it right side up
it was upside down and he put it in the
right way Rick Burton when it was late
oh they're not not nice to move baby
boys candle cody cody display enough to
relax cocaine don't touch him
look he didn't even make a mess he
didn't even make a mess everyone clap
for me kid should we fix that one here
we'll fix this one you may not like now
but that's it I'm sure well okay grab
him so he doesn't run out the bag oh I
cannot believe is that all right the
track has cleaned off of that one and we
will see if it like um that was the
cutest thing I've ever seen
look at his little mess okay that yeah
that's okay so let's all hop off the
counter how about this a long argument
again let me see you want to show my
life so I have to show everybody what
Joel is actually looking at on his
computer all to tell you I feel Joel I
was like I think we need to go back to
Hawaii and live back for like a month or
surface 60 wait just for fun we are
looking at places to possibly go rent
over there well and
bonnie thinking is actually probably pre
smart because probably now like life
could end or not han but life could
change dramatically in the next year or
two and if we didn't take advantage of
an adventure
i think we feel pretty guilty but I told
her I can't do two months that's just
too much they want to go for two months
and he wanted maybe I was cooking for
weeks and can do one month and that
would be fun that would be enough time
for if somebody wanted to come over and
visit us
Nate my family they can book a trip and
come over I'm going to try and convince
them for two months but I'm wondering
like what the best route to go is like
if we want to do like an air B&B or like
I I don't I don't know there's a seminal
work we don't know what we're doing when
we go on a vacation now in state let
alone oh yeah it's kind of like a penile
hospital
no we are more likely what we're doing
good it's like we can't even get it goal
they can't don't get it go snapmare hmm
but have macaroni and cheese out on the
counter for you for for you can you can
you watch the kids
anyone now you take your chocolate face
and you get away from that gig yeah I
know you want you know what go on to
Joel's over there Ken birthday wishes
Lincoln right you are throwing a fit
because you want the cake and you can't
have it just yet you can't have it yes
look
okay thank you Thank You boss and I
realized you didn't say your favorite
part about Danny yeah my favorite part
okay what do you love about dad like
auntie looking watching TV with dad yeah
my favorite part about Joel is that he
is a very giving person whether he's
giving his things or his time I noticed
that by my case there are some presents
from the kids and some of them look a
little bit homemade and I have a pretty
good idea of what they already are and
last time the kids gave some of these
kind of presents like this to Jax and we
got two negative comments and I just
want to clarify the kids do this because
it just shows them to be giving it shows
them their childlike allows them their
childlike unselfishness to just be
generous and be kind and I love that and
I would never ever ever want to squash
that as you get older it's wise to not
spend you don't have like they're giving
of their means and they're not going
beyond their needs to give us presents
and I think that's so nice
well I think takes a large amount of
love to get something that you love away
to somebody else's age anyway that's a
big deal and I'm really happy that the
kids are willing to do that I think it's
really sweet what I think is Q is all
four of these boys buns they're like yes
like us play
I personally have grown to love cakes
that look like that because it means
little kids are excited to share
birthdays alien game over which i think
is very cute because I know they were
busy today but we're um I wondered what
happened
oh yes you can there's like nothing
inning go take that over to Gary I'm
going to help you okay uncle Jarrod's
going to help you you little sink
there's like nothing sticking on Boston
you are a turkey it's Pacific this is a
heavy que buscan goes down by daddy
while he opens it yes he open here at
that just for Dad
so Bobby gave you
ponies toy I just know that hey Lydia
you can't tell me you love that I'll
keep it off tail is that a minute let's
see this is home is so pretty Olivia he
made the envelope herself yeah let me
see this thing
are you kidding me I work with all
mysterious eat your heart yes it's
really easy oh oh that really is the
employee she made the envelope I loved
Eddie you are the best you are fan happy
birth yeah fun you are funny you know oh
that's me home oh you know I'm not all
right
okay her lap and chocolate I'm gonna be
so fun I know like doesn't that make you
love dad even more like you know sleep
on your bed okay
he was like yes but this is from dear
bear one is what the what Oh can't tell
you what to do with this
McDonald I watch the budget pretty
tightly and when our first married I
used to get so mad at all for going and
buying like breakfast food like
McDonald's and places like that and it
caused a lot of fights so we kind of
laugh about it now that's funny
that is you dude that is you
okay while he's opening the one from
Grandma Griffith going dad that has a
book The Greatest Generation because he
knew that that's what a book that joel
has been one thing we've heard about it
so my dad yeah I was going to buy him a
welder and he went on and already bought
it so happy birthday emerges you wanted
one yeah tell me about it and they're
just a really nice services and I
noticed yeah and I was like I was like I
really want and what you simply loop in
there get in there
hot chocolate sugar ball a minute
well while they can't play with wrapping
paper and we all have some cake I think
I'm going to end the block because go on
eyes are heading to the melting pot for
dinner and I think it's going to be hard
left yes maybe we'll put some good
pictures on Instagram
okay happy birthday to Joel thank you
happy birthday
