good morning you guys I want to start
today's vlog off by saying Aloha and I
can do that because my heart is still in
Hawaii it feels so nice to be in my home
and with my family so so many comments
from yesterday's vlog about what
happened to the end of the video is that
a cliffhanger
like what happened well what happened
was we just stopped recording like I
just I've always just got really into
like there was a ton of footage of me
and I didn't want the blog to be too
long and I don't know I just stopped
recording and then we never said
goodnight and I was like you know we'll
just end it I'm sure there's like a good
like anyway and there wasn't and so I'm
it really funny isn't that like week
before I went on this trip I knew I was
going to be going with Aspen and Ellie
and April and ginger and they all have
rockin BOTS and I thought I mean I was
really nervous even to the point where I
was like I don't know if I want to go I
have this gal on instagrams that I've
been following and her name is Alison
Kimmy and I'm going to put a link to her
Instagram in my description she posts
all about body image and she does not
have the perfect body but she post these
pictures of her body and I am not
kidding you
she is the reason that I was like I am
going to love my body when I go to
Hawaii and I am going to enjoy my body
when I go to Hawaii like I just thought
to myself you know I am NOT going to not
go I'm not going to go and not enjoy
myself you want another strawberry can
you say morning can you say morning
yeah I'll get you some more she was
absolutely the reason I was confident
with myself because I look at her body
and I think I think that's beautiful her
cellulite does not bother me her stretch
marks did not bother me all the no no no
off the table you got to hop off the
table huh bagel thank you
and so if you guys want to go check her
check her page out I will put it in the
description she has no idea who I am so
it is
check her out please leave her whenever
comment you feel and let her know that I
sent you like tag me in your comment and
so the sheeple know that I follow her
and that I watch her anyway I think that
that would be kind of cool for her to
maybe you see the traffic from me
you
you
you
you
hi this is an actual person
oh you sounded like you sounded like an
ottoman there's like wait a minute
that's so funny you are just super
professional I have a question I have a
question on a bill yes is h OE ll e i n
o creepy mailman pre-cleared every time
please it will be UPS guy and at least I
wasn't make it you guys remember that
yeah that's crazy
okay I'm gonna pay paid and a question
um to check off balance for me you could
just check that burrito baby happy now
that all my bills are completely done
that feels so good to have done because
I kind of put things off like when I get
billable is kind of like stick them up
in the covers and I leave them forever I
don't know why I do it I just do it
anyway I'm now moving on to something
very bittersweet I am going to be going
through my little dude like what am I
going to do with this tech it's like
okay
nothing is huge where is it going to go
how does it go through my things I am
going to honestly is reminisce about my
trip I am just going to parameter and
think about the Hawaiian music and I go
through
and lucky it smells like sunblock looks
like my perfume
your birthday's tomorrow and so we are
making him his favorite pink yellow cake
with chocolate frosting and that is my
favorite and that is what I'm going to
make Oh guys like elegant that is a sure
way to make it go everywhere believe me
you need scissors
okay okay I'll let you pour it in don't
worry okay yes come on man yeah oh my
gosh you were right
these are the sprinkles yes we will
absolutely do some sprinkles only you
know what God does not like sprinkles
and it's his birthday so we cannot do
sprinkled okay so why don't you go ahead
and put those back I just remember that
Joel does not like sprinkles go right
ahead little Missy good good job well
that definitely my face right now okay
we'll take it when we're done I have
these two beaters and I don't know what
to do with them should I just put them
in the sink and a bunch of water now
know what we're to do them see him oh I
should yell your holy at all by
what should I do with them um who should
eat them just you - because you're my
good helpers countable okay yes for you
however you are such a nerd what do you
think hesitate it's lacking in it yes
there's a lot of sugar in it this is fun
making deaf person Cakery excited free
birthday
how excited everyone years old oh yes
the best part is looking this fun isn't
it looking the boot vicunas looking the
beater is all okay not a cabinet you do
not even licking the cabinet you little
stinking piggy to use in the kitchen my
to close the blog I just want to share
with you guys a little bit of history of
my parents and their visits to Hawaii
and I have some really awesome pictures
of sensations when my mom was young her
parents always went to Hawaii like every
year and they would stay a week they
were lucky enough to get to go with them
one time and she went with my aunt Sonia
they were such days out in the water
playing the year that they went was
actually really cool because the
president of our church was there and
they were able to meet with them and see
him which is a very unique and rare
opportunity and so that was really
awesome like my mom thinks it's really
cute that my grandpa was boarding the
plane in his cowboy hat and his Hawaiian
shirt which i think is really cute sue
and then my dad this is so often when he
was 16 and I think like 17 or 18 he went
to Hawaii and went to the land earned up
the one he went to the island of lenay
and worked for the Dole Plantation and
he picked pineapple and he planted
pineapple so this is a picture of their
group that of them out working and then
when they were done working for this
summer they were able to tour the other
islands and visit and kind of be
tourists ourselves that was really good
then here's a few other choice pictures
to pick up my dad around the same age
age so I know I feel really lucky that I
was able to tour on Hawaii with my
sister we had a really awesome time very
unforgettable thank you guys so much for
coming along on this journey with us and
coming along with me that was really fun
to be able to share with you guys and
thank you guys for watching I'll see you
guys tomorrow on Jill's birthday
