good morning you guys as you can tell by
being very tired eyes that has been a
long and flippin awesome week it is
about five o'clock in the morning right
now and we are getting ready to go get
our flight as excited as I am to go home
and to my kids and Joel I am so sad to
be leaving Hawaii I have been thinking
this whole weekend like how can I say
what can I do Tuesday and I was just
close to me like Joel you're coming to
me get the kids come to me good morning
everybody we are having a very busy day
today because body comes home today
so excited could it be happier had to
vent this room out just a little bit
Lincoln dropped a bomb this morning and
it was it was atrocious but I spent all
morning getting this room cleaned up and
now I am getting this room cleaned up
that's atrocious uh-huh and then we're
going to clean up this room yeah and
then I clean up that kids face
definitely on a cleanup that kids face
we have a very full and busy day today
because I need to have to be perfect
when Bonnie comes home I have to tell
you a little story
Bonnie told me a long time ago when her
daddy's to travel for work when he would
come home her mom would make sure
there's a meal fresh and ready and she
would make sure the house was spotless
and the kids were happy and and clean
and that is my goal today I don't know
we'll have a meal ready but the house
will be clean the children but we do
clean and we wasn't happy and he nice
answer
you bet buzz they bargain yes okay out
of this room son I just cleaned it you
are not allowed to ruin it
yeah gong-gong uncle my bad hate to see
you leave the love to watch you walk
away yeah
well Aloha Hawaii and I will not wait
too long to come back and see you hi
honestly I was trying to melt like tear
up just a little bit because I like I
love Hawaii I will come back and I don't
think it's going to be to in one of lot
wait too long
I honestly think everybody is just on
edge a little bit today it's a big day
everybody knows mom's coming home
everybody knows we've got a lot to get
done before mom comes home and
everybody's a little bit tired because
we stayed up and played last night too
late huh
can we play let me go home we have to
clean we have to clean so much you got
mom I will show them when we get home
you will not you won't see them any
sooner than that
don't even ask
you made a but she's the job right
pull the wrong way lady hey lady your
daughter on line one sigh most of all
and I went down a piece of escalator on
accident trip fell down the stairs for
an hour and a half oh my fault I run a
fast run fast run fast
what the wait okay jump off father
jumped up Duke you okay follow me here
we go you got my pocket got it all right
it's gonna split watches really good
Salma well my high will be on the dollar
very good
it got ahold of me here attach that you
guys looked at back
hey there's a familiar face
taking forever
let's go
they're here they're here Olivia Olivia
turn around
go get her go get mommy over there right
here but right here doing mama oh oh
they look good yeah
I told Ellie I said you're Henry oh
that's how shakin bacon
I told her I wouldn't be surprised this
Joel came and I was like she's like yo
they were I can't do that myself like
definitely got like a babysitter came
over there looks like I have a
girlfriend yes yes other books Asuma
back those know that
okay wait a minute
Daniel Joel oh look who's just arrived
focus it's arrived Oh welcome home yeah
well your happy camper
look at you're talking to no wonder
wondered like you are ha ha hey lady
want to ride in my car oh my god hold on
hey look guys we only got so many time
be calm you're gonna I'm going to lose
it you're gonna do this was the best
surprise ever
oh I cannot even tell you guys for as
much as I loved Hawaii
I love this more are you cold I know I
got off the plane I was like I know I
know
well apparently Joel wants to give me
home as fast as we can okay
I ordered an escort oh yeah and they're
just they were behind us Pacific fun of
it I can see us some space but Aspen are
you glad you chose to drive with us and
not Jared oh sorry she's like she's like
I want to do is go home I thought it was
cute I love yah Simone right in here
yeah yeah I love you was like ass when
you're raining here if it was me driving
I'd get us out do you would Aspen Bonnie
let's go what's that magic Oh
well gosh dang it your life is good
Christmas tree she's got the other two
for you there
we're going tonight I can Logan home
yeah yeah no fast all right good one is
I actually don't know quite what it is
on legacy but I know it's definitely not
what I was going I'm sure we just
designed
oh my word fifty-five I would have never
taken this off notice is that slow you
were doing 74 and you didn't get it
oh dear all right good diaper ones that
came to Kentucky as we're waiting for
the cop I just want to show that Olivia
I made sure to bring my dolly for me
simcha thank you
I got off with a warning we totally got
off with a warning
maybe it's because you a dismiss Oh bard
is in the car so good to be huh oh my
Isaac above snow like I am freezing you
don't know what we get and over get it
all straight well and and I think look
extra clean just the piano oh yeah you
polish the candle hey it smells amazing
in here
Julie oh yeah I didn't show you the
dessert when I left on my trip I wrote
that the bond in she wrote me a note and
I didn't even show them but I posted
them for fun oh they block from the ton
since you left
really perfect yeah you can walk in the
house without hambo you love him
bleeding on these flowers or did you
tease out like what is this I think that
I wouldn't pick you up today these are
my flowers Lily always buddy I went and
I said my wife loves lily and I like
lily and I want some greenery and I go
but she is coming home from Hawaii and
that's what they have to feel like that
is perfect they nailed it okay
I know look at those those are those are
orchid
shoulders phenomenal it's so beautiful
okay like ladies Wi-Fi common okay about
how amazing role is your amazing
goodness that's this cat right here you
did amazing amazing you did amazing
I seriously oh you didn't make me feel
guilty about being gone at all I bring
some coin
mmm does it rain for everybody
first look pretty for daddy because he
worked so hard I cook you like it I
seriously hope you like it
wowzer do you like that and it's not
plastic that's it no no that's because I
ask them like is that plastic and they
said no it feel pot okay that's not
plastic case let me see oh my word
come on Rhea handmade razor okay pair
that well I'm so glad you like it oh so
glad you like it and I see you're all
clear off one of my trays my one of the
shower things and like you just have one
shelf for you in there
I want this one to go with I asked him
and they said there's a thick resin on
it so it should be fine because where
else would you put it I don't know
because I wasn't going to get it for you
because I thought oh he doesn't have a
place for it beautiful anyway but yeah
where it's not directly in the water
nice I just don't like chemicals get on
it and if you do you crazy like razor
stuff on it just rinse it do you like it
co-op was I clean the Flies can own
oh yeah well I just have seen all over
the place and I just kept peeking
when I was Jesus Oh green guy Oh meow
tomorrow yeah mystique oh I am gonna win
this tomorrow
I thought you might like that okay I'm
gonna Queenie since you're my Olivia I
bought a little trinket and she would
like that oh yeah
hold on then take its time do you like
it car you're gonna call it Betsy Pat
Cassie okay Oh see you're me what hold
on just not so clover sorry let's see
but you're like that little white is
green just like you bigger what an email
cookie I just saw that guy and you know
what I liked about him they were all the
same except he had a little white spin
and I thought that was kind of hot kind
of cute actions like me he is adorable
oh you never know so cool we got a
little one for sodium Boston's round oh
my god Oh what flower is that bond oh I
think that's a rhododendron right yeah
but I thought I was looking at I was
trying to find what Night Lights in my
life and I saw the hummingbird online Oh
like that the word okay you open it and
show Boston and while you're opening the
Holy Communion well I will always look
at the daily starfish okay beautiful
okay be careful wait - Neal yeah cat :
all right here
