do you guys see this huge ship it's
almost as huge as my hat and we're
getting on it and we're going to go to
use whales dolphins and turtles and
though I think just well zoo
yes whales and if we don't see well they
give you your money back it's a whale
guaranteed
thank you
what day is it uh okay is it Olivia
okay we go sledding that's true what day
of the week ended Cody my words right
here what are you just pulling answers
out of your back pocket
this is outrageous it's Friday the only
day that matters and we are done at
where school for the week we're done
with the regular routine for the week
and Malcolm Pullman one day okay that's
all that matters is what welcome around
it
I hope she comes comic to be honest I
think you might end up Stan like another
week she had a choice missing Olivia had
a half day in school so we are going to
be something fun we are going to go to
Grandma and Grandpa Hellenes house oh
yeah
first we're going to go get some love to
death starvin we're also going to hit
our green and blue striped convention on
the way there
we're dressed already for that we're
going to go to Grandma's grandpa Elaine
top and sled on the hill that I grew up
playing on my entire life I feel bad
boney color she's going to read read all
winter long but we're going we're going
to go play we're going to take the day
off or just relax huh okay let's go
you guys see these whales Olivia I'm
going to cry where does it go I'm ugly
and he hasn't let me stop talking
Olivia Cody Lundin did you see that well
I don't think I got very much footage of
it because I was mostly just focusing on
trying to find it but that was so cool
that was so cool Ellie I think was a
very first person on the entire ship to
even notice - she was like what is that
bright green area and it was totally the
whale because that it started coming up
that was so cool so cool off one thing
I'm very envious about my parents house
is as a kid I came out here every day in
the wintertime and was bled my whole
life I built like even ramps every year
lit it up with Christmas lights it was
just it was a good time and I missed
that I miss having a hill yard except
for when I'm mowing the lawn now I love
my flat yard now but it's fun to see the
boys wanting to play where I spent hours
and hours but I'm going to give them a
little bit of a hand cuz we got it
you can't just have a snow hill and not
manicure it a little bit you know what I
mean
you
colouring accounting for this but I went
back into my youth mode and just started
building the jump and building the trail
and just making it exactly the way I
wanted it and me and my brother spent
hours new magic an hour now and we hit
that fence that's probably the reason
that fence leans towards the railroad
tracks I've made because you walk up and
down the hill about a dozen times each
so they're worn out I'm a little worn
out we're going to go and have some hot
chocolate now I have never in my life
seen shopping the way they have
shoppings here like even in New York
City and in California when I've gone to
they're like big shopping centers like I
have never seen anything that compares
to the shopping here in Hawaii the for
Bonnie left she gave me very strict
orders to follow is to make sure that
the kids went to bed with a little bit
of lotion on their face and Vaseline on
their lips and to make sure they were
clean and happy and these kids have done
so good reminding me and helping me do
that this week even Cody he had a bad
little sore on his lip
it looks get was awful remember it a
herpes at how red it was we put vaseline
on it where it's a little more on
tonight and I wouldn't even think to do
that stuff if I was a single dad without
Bonnie and I don't even know that some
moms do this but bonnie has taught me to
do this stuff and talk to kids to do
this stuff so that's why the kids stay
fairly healthy and happy happy aren't
you happy right now so could you be any
happier
Olivia is going to be excluded a little
bit nice because my little bali your
honor
huh let it go and if bonding if you're
worried the kids did get bathed every
day Olivia's hair even had to be washed
by tonight after the pool party at Uncle
Xerox which was no easy feat so this guy
needs a professional brainer I'll leave
a clip
you don't want the letter you guys I
just got on we just pull on I am
atrocious and we walked into our hotel
room and there is there is a letter for
me from Julie I don't want to read that
and you go how can I open this one time
when I was little I was ripping open a
letter for my grandma and I just like
demolish it and my mom was like why did
you do that she's like open your letters
nice and pretty so that you can keep
them on like yeah
my hands are shaking right now like my
hands are shaking right now
I cannot even stand this I'm shaking
after than Olivia said and Elly are
sitting here like smiling at me I my
hands are shaking
you guys know I love y'all so much like
everyone always like Joel togas you
Jules look at you and Nana say he's good
because I'm working good too but this is
so dang cute
this is why I'm Mary Jones like if you
are a guy on there or if you like have
fun like just like treat like I don't
know he really does like love me so much
like for who I am but anyway be nice to
them like Joel has been so thoughtful
and kind to me my whole life is because
his dad is that way Joel's dad is
oh it's ten grand and I know I should
read it out loud there might be some bad
stuff in your mom around anyway I gotta
clean up this one you take notes from a
plane cleaner one okay no it was the
wolf - Bonnie Helene from the Bonnie
howleen YouTube channel as a site but
never out of - other cards that cares
the cards good and rinse that for point
is like beautiful cursive handwriting on
e sorry for the weird card I want to
hear the ocean but I wanna have a
chopper out there is also the bunny for
the weird cards that I wanted to
surprise you and tell you how much I
love you you are my sweetheart and
always will be the best time ever
thank you for my beautiful family and
the greatest life because of you love Jo
holding Olivia Cody bosses Lincoln
oh you guys I'm so happy Jolie and I
have to add one thing Joel does not do
this from a blog like the olden send me
distance Esau oh that would be really
cute to put on the blog joel has done
that his entire life like he has done
things like that for me my entire life
when he served his two-year mission he
knew that I'd lost handwritten letters
I'm so crying crying but this is what's
going on but when he he served for two
years and he knew - like I loved the
handwritten letters like I told them
like I have tens love written letters
for my grandma but like they are my most
like special things anyway it's like so
romantic I like looking out into the
like ocean like it's like so blue and
beautiful and I'm like reading romantic
letters for my freaking boyfriend oh but
when he got home from his mission so he
went and put a letter in the mail that
way when he McComb I received a
handwritten note from him that was like
and well now I can't believe I'm with
you like you know romantic Bianca like
that
now some anyways he's done this for me
my entire
of being with them take co2 you're the
man let's the plan for the night we're
going to have a little low-key last
night the staff party and the Lydia is
even making it out here on the bench for
I promised the kids tonight that we
would have a little movie so I'm going
to find a movie that I liked as a kid
and we're going to watch it and enjoy it
and just enjoy our last night huh and
get ready for mom to come home tomorrow
but we will close the vlog here and tell
you guys goodbye we say bye for us
Boston Lincoln say bye Lincoln hey luck
chasing that thing down because it's
college you say bye good bye good bye
oh my work bye bye alright say bye
Boston
say bye Cody hey well if you give me a
nod oh wait cute bye guys thank you so
much for watching and we'll see you guys
next time bye and bye
hey took a good day hmm Just My Luck
he mommy talking to it so cool and cute
I love it I think bonnie has chimed in a
ton when I put him down I tried to text
her and let her know and I love it yeah
yeah hey mama
