Aloha and good morning from Hawaii this
morning we are getting up writing early
and we're heading out I wouldn't go
through his wine we have no time to get
breakfast we're all our jar we pulled
and I'm sorry this is another now this I
just was like you didn't look it's wrong
we were thinking like we kind of thought
we'd go home and have all the like fresh
mushroom and it's like it is we only guy
fresh out of the ocean holding his hand
side we were all lying to our food I was
like water was like dripping into the
cup and I wasn't really complaining I'm
all aren't you a hot I under he goes
yeah I know and any wings down because
he knew me I was just using well then he
said you guys want to go see say like
yeah it was very day he was really he
was very nice and that was crazy hot but
on we had no hair we had no couch it
have hash I don't have a pain yeah I
knew you didn't have any change so we
left without breakfast and we're all
like so mean I began serving you know if
I gotta bail what we were able to get
yeah and he makes ruin the pineapple oh
sorry
someone's like I haven't they are you
giving them to you oh you're so cute um
no I want you to eat it okay thanks
argument Republican bacon egg and cheese
McMuffin one more of those and that's
everything so judges we are at
McDonald's it is our last option this is
our last resort
this is it really we're starving and we
only have a few minutes and we spent a
lot of time at my place okay we're close
okay so we're good just tastes so fresh
hi bud
you look like little bosco way--do in
there there you go
bye hi-yah you saying by which gold
species huh we're getting a little bit
of a late start in the morning not that
the morning started late we were up at
the crack of dawn with the kids but I
had to do a ton of church work this
morning so I've been very busy doing
that and watch the kids and cleaning up
doing dishes and now it is time to kind
of play that's the remains of all our
drivers you're gonna see like seeing
yourself there we're gonna have a fun
day today bud what's the doggie thing oh
he doesn't like it
oh yeah my legs are on fire this is one
of my favorite parts is walking up the
stairs we're literally walking through
the jungle and this isn't even the sick
part so there's the farm but we were
kind of walking up into planks through
all of this and I think up probably my
favorite part is going through the
jungle
oh you're good I like these guys you
guys are doing so good okay what was the
guy's name hamana kalili and he owned
the sugarcane he didn't own it he used
to work there and he cut these three
fingers off in an industrial accident
and that's where this came around is
called the Shaka and it means I'll be
good involved everything good and
positive like that man's foot Hey ready
I follow my commands like lean back
there's no one harder
sorry I'm okay I feel like a crazy woman
this is the length of five football
field lined up back-to-back we're going
to go over like a bunch of like what do
you think of the farm apple banana trees
and like trees Nemo's like all that kind
of stuff
so can I go a tiny faster Oh
or no like no spitting oh I was thinking
like one was fast one was slow oh no
that one's broken that's what then I
don't thank you just let it Frank let's
replace the minister a good meal and so
just John when you tell me what kind of
animals within the ocean dolphin dolphin
yeah okay what do you think mom will do
if she sees a shark right run in the
ocean what do you think she would say my
name is Ethan you ever knew what do you
want to tell mommy right now music
mommy's pretty why she's so pretty
what do you want mom to bring you from
Hawaii at me
who do you like being home with you more
mom or dad mom you dog okay get up here
who do you like being home with more mom
or dad I don't want to make this -
get off that gin get out of here
who do you like being home with mom or
dad let's get out of that chair get this
goat yeah they're always sure
what does mom love more than anything in
the whole world me what mom favorite
thing in the whole world what does mom
love more than anything in the whole
world if you could give mom one treat
what would you give her
what's your favorite thing about mom
awesome to keep you give mom one present
in the whole world what would it be how
can you tell like her
oh my word yes you can little boy all
right
get out of here
do you like my mom's home or when mom's
away hey good why do you love mom I love
her
has it been hard not having mom at home
what's one thing you want to tell mom is
it hard not having mom it on right now
how come it's hard
coming and stuff and you live enough to
achieve all it was she from everyone to
she she doesn't let people about I think
we are walking along the beach and Brett
truly we did see a few turtles but
they're hard to see like I want to get
in and I'm not sure the best place we're
just kind of walking there's this little
teeny tiny piece of here in the water
I'm taking them into running away I
don't know if you guys can see it or not
hold on that's my baby what
Wow
I'm going to key thank you
like dearest Bonnie I'm writing to you
and hopes but I may feel close to you
but for a moment as my pencil touches
the paper I feel that my heart will
touch yours the weather has turned cold
since you left but my love for you will
always be warm and bright last you were
here Lincoln was only knee-high to a
grasshopper you should see him now he
has grown so much from a three day I
find myself reflecting on when you were
here sometimes were better the distant
memory of your warm embrace bring me my
only joy at night I hope that I will see
you in my dreams and look into your
beautiful eyes and smell your perfume
silky and they feel really bad for last
I must go back to the dreary from dark
and cold world that's only clinging to
your memory in my heart as I tend to my
chores on the farm I will feel your warm
embrace and know that you forever have
my heart and I will cling to your light
as I bear the cold and darkness that is
our absence away from each other clearly
your one true glorious love Jolene
after we got beat up in the ocean the
footage you guys saw like after I put my
camera down it was like go time the
ocean was like I'm having my way with
you girls and they it totally did I
think on April's channel there's light
of me that no one has ever seen so you
might want to think about any I looked
at this button like the vanmeer my kids
told me yesterday that I looked like
Moana today I look like Maui
look at my hair I look like Maui not
your freaking self do not the self
tanner lotion on in the back seat of a
moving man ha ha ha my feet are white my
ankles are brown my knees my knees look
we are here at the Polynesian culture
center we're here for dinner a luau and
then a show afterwards
today has been an action-packed day we
have done so much and we are all so
exhausted I think what the kicker was
was getting our trash ticked by the
ocean itself thank you guys so much for
watching today and we'll see you guys
tomorrow
are you hearing Tyler D Apache whoa are
you funny look at me going forth he's
turned on chubby dudes on your archer a
diesel male line but okay fine okay
