get marking evacuate three of our Hawaii
vacation we are starting our morning out
with a little bit of yoga and then we're
going to go to the spa things are just
feeling very relaxed but I on the other
hand a little bit of a hot mess
woke up with a cold sore my back is
breaking out probably because of the
sunblock and then all of you with some
sighs no I'm not used to like wearing
outfits that have my thighs rub together
I was like yesterday I was walking like
Ellen what do I do I'm like my thighs
chafing 50 so I like foot pants um I am
like oh that's better I need to wear
some clothes like a delicate skin just
letting you through it but kind of worth
it so go ahead do some yoga
that's how I usually like to see yoga
you know give us clips I just are be
good well that's because the whole thing
was reading donkey so we're going to
kind of really I'm so these are all you
yoga you were we can do it yes do my
eyes deceive me that blue sky blue skies
blue sky shine on me nothing but blue
skies do I see blue birds singing a song
nothing but blue birds all day long I
don't know that's probably might not
work but that's glorious to see some
sunlight coming through here
we're jobs what's the matter
Oh what's the matter huh Lincoln
Lincoln's head bump your face Oh as
Lincoln picking on you yeah I feel like
these vlogs are a little bit different
than normal normally we're trying to
portray online
you guys are subscribers and trying to
keep yesterday and then also in the same
sense making a memory of in a video form
but right now I feel like this is me and
Bonnie where communication at night I'm
editing the blog and then in the morning
she watches the blog and I am loving
seeing her footage not because I'm
excited to see your footage but I love
seeing my wife I love hearing her talk
to me sometimes through the camera and I
like showing her what I'm doing I like
sharing her what I love to do and I just
love it but I have some bad news this
morning this little guy and I'm also
portraying this for Bonnie this little
guy right there yeah the gremlin did
this now it's been a working progress
for eight years because we bought that
when we have Olivia but it finally gave
up the ghost I'm not giving up on this
bumble yeah I want to try and glue it
and see if it stays because they don't
make them like this anymore and I really
want
get out of there that's why I broke in
the first place mm-hmm following here
she said when we're done we can come in
this lounge sitting here laughing at our
massages they're like scarfing down a
little scissor before we go into the
blistering Sun worth like lathered in
sunblock and we're laughing at our
massages that we just have like every
time I go get one it's like stay within
the last better than it was and this one
I was like oh where's the dope you go it
doesn't hey dougie here
that's a doggy bed yeah yes yeah you
guys I'm going to try not to scream
right now because I don't want to be
annoying to you but we are at Hanauma
Bay and I love the sound of at Hanauma
Bay and we are going to go snorkeling
for the first fourteen times
hi
going at the second time was so much
better I felt a lot more comfortable I
did feel like I was going to be so
passive phobic what I think is crazy is
that you just quote like I don't I
didn't do any work and we were on deep
water stuff in the flipper little pages
and the mask very salty
the mask is what keeps you afloat so I
will make sure to put a link for the
maps in the description you're going to
go anywhere these are very good mask
we just got back from snorkeling for the
first time here on tsunami Bay and it
was very scary if you can hear me in the
math I fear it was like it was very
scary I was a very very nervous I just
can't believe that people live here like
this is people's home this is people's
home like this is where they live I'm
showing you a regular tree right now I'm
in awe of all of the palm trees and
chefs they're just so pretty I love I
like how protected and respectful the
people are here to their Island and it's
very different like very strict
we can't just like come and bring
whatever like very protective care the
kids are home from school and they just
came home with some treasure I'm a
little bit nervous right now because I
know Olivia school was collecting these
two because they were doing something
hoping the projects can be their
leftovers if they didn't cause any of it
I have no idea but Olivia is pretty good
about knowing those things so okay you
guys are going to build what marble run
while the kids have been slaving away on
their marble Radha modeling Olivia my
word I thought I would bring as close as
we can the islands the kids with a
little fresh fruit body what we need for
all those are finger foods what are you
talking about let's talk dirty more
dishes for dead to do maybe you can just
have a fork okay
look no don't you put your fingers in
there get out of there get out of there
oh dear heaven he's a head Lama hey hey
hi mom yeah okay we have had a fun time
today doing a little project with the
kids just for fun I'm really glad they
brought that home because I wasn't sure
what we were going to do this afternoon
so the living and Cody's imagination
made our acting for us - Stan how's my
baby I miss you so much
I've been looking for one and I have a
found one yet I'm going to look so hard
for you Olivia - I agree Russians are
Boston why does amazing Carrie like I'm
like out having fun like it's not like I
like deployed like missing it I mean I
just want other guys that's so cute yeah
I love you guys too can you kiss Lincoln
for me do you know that I look at him
during that time on my nest I'm saying
yeah you gotta text me and tell me what
he's napping so I can like check him out
come on did you stick it on last night
Ben oh yeah good I love you guys I love
you okay bye bye babies right now before
we have dinner I want you guys to talk
to mommy for just a second okay I want
you to tell her one thing you miss about
her you miss her helping you get dressed
you like daddy helping you get dressed
what do you miss Lincoln huh huh
misbehaves that's what he does
Linc Boston what do you miss about mommy
ah I'm interested ah that's a great one
you miss her not getting you a starfish
but I'll try sentry me winces are what
do you miss most about mom oh she is
perfect you like a cheap which is a bit
why because you ollie
oh they're Canadian oh good so
things like that I miss spending the
evening with Bonnie and starting out as
a good evening like we're not going to
have any treats we're going to be good
tonight we're going to do good we're
going to eat healthy and then two hours
later be like you want to go get a treat
- um sometimes guests they can get a
treat I've missed that I miss that a lot
I think I just miss mom company we can't
talk about too much we're going to have
a big problem with tear and people not
being happy so long we love you have fun
in Hawaii and everybody say good night
thanks for what you got you got the
finger point there thanks for watching
boss
and everybody we found a local place to
come even when there was no excuse and
Ella was recording and i carded customer
and the lighting is so pretty I look at
the light on me the first time and since
he's been here that we've gotten laid
and we're here at dinner
oh I said Mays I didn't say late I said
lays and I said that for a specific
reason look how pretty these are he's in
June they are one of the winners of the
ideas grand which I don't know I'm
pretty I was very excited to see them I
was like trying to like not get
emotional pain meds I just such a fun
dinner and they brought us these so
thank you guys very much I am going to
walk up to our hotel room we have a
really busy and big date tomorrow
I just want to tell you guys thank you
for watching and I very much mean that
we say that at the end of blogs and I
very much mean thank you for watching oh
I just feel like I cannot believe I'm
here and whatever reason I'm doing
London
I feel like I think there's a little bit
emotional this whole trip because I know
my girls all loved Hawaii and I have you
like travel and I'm here with my sister
and my best friend I felt that I'm very
lucky I know that I am lucky and I'm
crazy people are looking at me like
she's talking to her friend you time you
know what okay Wow I just wanna sleep
it's you again
y'all you are a freakin rock star for
getting these blogs up the time
difference is really hard but you're
doing an amazing job I love you guys I
love you all and I will see you guys
tomorrow it's going to be awesome day
please subscribe so you can watch our
videos tomorrow and what is five
