good morning and Aloha to Olivia and
Cody me and Preston and Lincoln and to
Mike Jolie and Aloha to all our survive
from Hawaii we just got up this morning
and we have been scheduling our yoga for
the morning outside and our positive for
tomorrow and we're just getting our
morning going I slept wonderful
listening to the sounds of the ocean
good morning everybody I was walking
into the kitchen and I noticed buying
beautiful pink orchid and the white snow
behind it and all I could think is that
is Bonnie and i's life right now I love
this and I love you I love it
no I think you're right I don't know if
you love Eunice and I love you because I
tried to I'm cuddling you oh my honey
here's like a fracture and they feel
really bad I'm not useful sweaty
I would you enter on oh I probably
shouldn't get that close to your pit
people are like Claudia is hanging out
in the glorious green and pink and
luxurious colored Hawaii while I'm here
in this white Tundra I call home this is
the kind of stuff that I think is really
pretty like looking up at like the
fogginess up at the top like these are
just different mountains than what we
have in you Tod this is very like lush
and ours is a lot more desert even that
is what's beautiful ginger and I were
talking about how dressing for your body
type is so important and we were just
like like I love what she's wearing like
these little like spandex shorts and a
tank top I want to buy that like I want
to wear that like it looks good on her
she looks good in that and I think I
mean I don't think it really matters
like you guys forgot hey whatever
whatever make you like people something
come here little outfits really Mindy
hurry anyway I just think
really important to stress for like how
you fell and when you feel confident
that's when you feel good and yes yes
and there were so many nice comments
would like my son to get bit like an
elephant knowing stuff like it was
really nice as I really was really
worried about it coming but it just felt
good
well you guys did is about noon and this
is really the first time I'm picking up
the camera today I took it easy this
morning because I was up till 2:00 in
the morning getting footage from bonding
and editing and trying to get things to
upload and then this morning at 4:00
Boston woke me up just a little bit and
I checked on the video and it still
wasn't uploaded so I've been working
since 4:00 in the morning to get it
uploaded and finally around 9 o'clock I
was able to get ahold of my
brother-in-law Jared and he showed me
what I needed he's a genius with it so
long story short I took my time this
morning to to get going because I am
exhausted but I have got to tackle
Oh
well let me let me we are here going on
a hike and it's very wet I think this is
perfect
hiking weather because it's a little bit
cooler and it's been muddy but these
rocks really are pretty intense so I'm
hoping nobody gets hurt and it kind of
feels like it says ginger it does right
take a look and we have been on straight
chicken so you know
amazing
along with me oh you're so smart okay I
was going to go like through the puddle
I'm so far this is my favorite oh my
gosh we are in the Hawaiian jungle right
now and I love every minute of this look
at this
snakebite no no I need be here we go so
I don't know how to use this bed holy so
fine I'm in love I am in love
my
to the hilt our bad you know I'm
thinking of you when I see stuff like
this
looking really sexy when they come up
really really come on why does it back
Oh
oh yeah this is a yep sorry man
okay we're good I look so hard
hey right now I'm I'm so good well today
was a little bit uneventful for us we
just did the normal routine homework
bathed some kids now we are actually at
Olivia's piano lessons waiting for
normally Barney and Olivia go and do
this together it's kind of cute and a
fun time for them each week but then
spotted John we got the whole family in
the car just waiting for piano lessons
and I don't forget to paint us better
okay you all can these people that we
just met on the stereo hospital on telly
can all be made us cry course you just
quit so her boyfriend is you can
MacGyver it together it was so nice
meeting you guys I was with the York
okay we'll see you up there yeah that's
where we're going to cry I've been
emotional this whole trip I'm such a
good way but like does incredible yeah
we just love like seeing people take
care of other people like we're up here
in absolute wearing rain and they are
they were carrying children across the
screen and like elderly across the
street and it was Emma's looks like to
see
ah
my math I have to show April because she
is killing it into the high-waisted
pants and her top so I'm wearing the
same swimsuit that she is just
underneath my romper my romper and my
swimsuit and Ellie's romper that was
again yeah all cool clothes they're from
Albion fit I do have a discount code for
you guys if you all make sure to leave
it in the description and we just kind
of been like googling over how nice
their stuff is just because I monster
robber and all is to die for yeah yeah
sure push on stereo for an hour though I
know have to scare all what you show my
romper I mean I'm not like it's not like
feeling you guys know anything about
like very good hospitals and I won't
show any home yes and I don't know Aspen
always has like the most mind-blowing
beautiful dresses yes that's okay he was
a killer diesel and good on her channel
she's like the fashion who weaned from
clear yes absolutely back in Queens
excuse me we all have a sore throat
going around a little bit of coffee and
stuff it kind of stinks but you do
everybody's a little bit cold we just
got done with Olivia's piano lesson so
we're having a late dinner and this is
what the kids wanted was free that's all
I wanted was peaches and some bananas
and I think a lot of peaches I figure
well we watch our basil media handsome
times no we got lots of other fruit I
figure we'll just pump one full of
vitamin C and potassium and all the good
stuff that's in the fruit and call it a
night
I hope you guys enjoyed the vlog and if
you did give it a thumbs up
we'll see you guys later good bye guys
I mean America is America
we're being Jeremy came out here because
the water is so low we wanted to see Ln
time I got slashed by a is Balu watch
her out here we are at Wolfgang and this
restaurant even just sitting here feels
pretty amazing
our waiter is very attractive and I say
that I mean like oh yeah I'm smiling and
no one ever liked my singing students
oh yeah and anyway I called the venue is
really cute and we cuz I don't wanna
like em you got really red and he was
like laughing and flexing anyway when he
comes back we're going to kind of like
they're not Franken but just Miranda and
we're just going to harass people
laughing the whole oh yeah that we're
all laugh oh yeah I just want to like
show everybody because I didn't make
that one I maybe so
I got a white pet dog local Hawaiian I
don't even know what it's called but
that's what I got money money no the
owner of the restaurant just came to lab
take a picture with us so we're going to
take a picture with the owner so that's
pretty cool yeah I'm pretty cool I told
you that our waiter was literally the
best in the world and he made sure to
have all of us up with New York
cheesecake flown in from New York it is
like a I'm think amazing mm-hmm this is
Jane the manatee our waiter thank you
have a good night thank you
today has been hands-down one of the
best days we laughed so hard at dinner
all right it's going to rain also so fun
so I'm going to tell you guys good night
from the streets of Hawaii and I will
see you guys tomorrow bye guys
