well you guys this is the last time in
six days I'm going to see this beautiful
freezing winter wonderland
this little baby doesn't want me to go
to you we're sitting here waiting for
Ali you should be asleep
thank you for helping me get out the
door if you had to help me blew that
beast up how's the beast one Oh Hannah
Montana Walker for only being pretty
cool too there's a walk on there do you
know how happy I am that you're seeing
me off I love it
Ellie called and said we're stuck you
need to come help us get out and anyway
right as soon as we got everything in
the suburban to go help she was like I
know I know I'm on my way
so Joel is shoveling me a pathway to Le
sky I was not even going to go in and
wake him up because look how freezing it
is out here anyway I was not even to go
get him because I just wanted him to
sleep and I just feel so bad that I had
to be like yeah I've had come to the
Ellen's and I'm like sorry just kidding
- Valley School District you've done to
me twice I've gotten up gotta move
you're ready for school taking her to
school and it's pitch-black inside and
comes by now there's a slow day I'm not
getting the text messages we gotta do
something about this but for good reason
it's a snow that anymore do it this is
you can't really see it is I don't why
you can't see it to the stream but the
snow is going sideways right now it is a
joke it is an absolute joke right now
when we initially like went home which
email it there was a two-hour delay at
school so I waited waited and I thought
it's coming down a lot harder now that
before so let's double check double
check and it is for short cancelled and
I feel so ridiculous showing you because
it doesn't make you look so pitiful but
it is coming down like crazy there's a
good eight to ten inches out there right
now we have a lot of snow I cannot
believe it
Ellie has been laughing at my back I
literally chug everything in here it's
so full of like socks but I told myself
I am NOT going to clean out my bag
before we go because I have a seven to
eight hour flight so I need something to
do almost like embarrassing we
are freaking going to Hawaii
I know a lot of people guess where we
were going but I think for different
reasons we had no idea that Ryan and
Missy were going to be there I think you
pull it over there so there there we
don't know how long they're going to be
there for and anyway so we're going and
just as we have a few other people that
are coming so but I will show you when
they get here but we're excited we're
very early the drive was atrocious but
we through here on technology at
Washington purposes you have the airport
yes we're done
um we're freakin going to Hawaii I give
it a flavor going to Hawaii I cannot
believe we're going to the light
complimentary movie I know I watch six
hours or maybe I can't decide if I want
to sleep eat but we're gonna do it all
we got seven hours yeah well you know
the actions are appreciated but if I
bend down today to have talked moonsong
really think that you are not going to
wait around here you just kind of
sleepin in every morning you you're
going to change your own diapers anymore
you you scream when you want something
instead of talking this is on talk about
why I can't help you anymore
I am moms may help you anymore either
you can't just go remember reading
something we got to help yourself with
him you just gotta help yourself ah no
I'm not going to laugh long and you in
too soft I don't appreciate that I don't
appreciate that gesture at all
me and your other works are this is a
joke to you it is just fun to you not
I love you the little mini markers
happen shoot your hair Oh guess what
what I have another little baby neither
could my urges right yeah I think they
do oh that's awesome
turn around let me see your hair
sweetheart mommy before she left did
your hair up so cute looking Olivia
looks like a million bucks this morning
going to school but it's all for naught
because it's another snow days the third
snow day this year I can remember one in
my entire lifetime growing up we had a
snow day that's amazing
but we are doing a project today we've
got to help Uncle Jared fix his snowplow
so this broke the body is gone so I'm
taking upon myself to buy a birthday
present for myself and I really have
wanted a welder for some time this is my
birthday present to myself
hopefully Bonnie doesn't mind that's the
beauty of sending the wife away for
which she can't get mad for weeks and
hopefully after seven days of glorious
glorious weather she's going to have to
forget all about it just forget all
about it me like happy to see you honey
happy we got here after weather setups
we've got this all set up so well and
now speed in wire search the very first
time
of them go smoothly I'm a little nervous
but it should be getting there soon
about now next wait for now now yeah who
else pretty close here there we go so we
got wire and now we're going to start
well look at this contraption we have
setup to hold everything into place and
then the welders right there I've never
seen this before but apparently you can
just look directly at it right
after what maybe about 40 minutes of
dinking around we got the Machine dialed
in a little bit we laid some nice bead
on this machine or on this piece right
here we've got some nice beads in there
look how smooth that is not so awesome
the grass running around was a little
shaky but these ones look so good
all right everybody you're going to bear
with me for just one minute and let me
put my wife on a pedestal I am working
to get these children dressed and ready
for outside in the snow because it's a
snow day and we want to go play in the
snow and it is killing me it's taking
everything out of me to find all their
clothes to get them all lined up to get
them dressed and everything and to keep
everybody happy the same time yeah
you're gonna wear these women right I
don't know I don't know how Bonnie does
it honestly don't hush of this she's
done it countless time and then not only
does she do that she comes back in with
a smile on my face and makes the kids
hot chocolate I'm not gonna bring that
up to the kiss because hopefully we'll
have to do it Olivia and Cody are all
the way ready okay we'll help you with
your gloves
I don't know how funny does it anyway
you two are going to play outside while
Dad plows with little Lincoln on the
four-wheeler with him okay so what's the
number-one rule yes what's the number
two rule don't put your tongue on
anything who's the most ready to go
outside it's use if you will do
marshmallow business oh let's go play
you will play your dirty face all that
can freeze on that okay yeah yep hey mom
so do you guys remember this morning
when I was driving through a blizzard
coming through the canyon with Ellie and
there was snowy and frigid and we almost
went off the road well now if you look
behind me I feel like this no I don't
even feel
this is paradise this is absolute
paradise you should have seen Ellie when
we walk in your shoes like I feel like I
have too much of a headache to scream I
think that I took medicine I'm like
looking at my thigh again I know I know
I'm not looking at my look at you guys
I'm glowing I'm going to drop the camera
down here I was like frightening this is
beautiful this is my first time in
Hawaii and I call Joel when I first got
here and I cried because I wish she was
with me like I'm in totally enjoying
myself but I wish she was with me I
can't believe in here without him I feel
a little well I want to show you who we
are here with so we have ginger and
Aspen oh oh hold on having you right and
happened
I said ginger Ellie and April so I go
get some favorite we have like the plane
ride was long and amazing I watched
movies I slept and looking at music I
slept I ate it was every mom's dream so
we're going to go get some food we made
it on the snow big guy a big Lincoln
royal and Marianas numbers this is
unreal this smell right now this is just
out of this world
the Lincoln sat on my lap the whole time
I plowed and I don't feel like pushing
my luck with him and plowing everybody
else's you threw a snowball at me hey
yeah see I look at this wow this is
unreal oh my gosh outrageous
like it was right but Lincoln's so happy
he just wanted to get out of the house
true that you go play just for a second
is that fun or what it's not Lou Caputo
fall back you are having so much fun and
I feel like marshmallow feet
you look like big hero six but the blue
thing can you say bye say bye hey see
the two kids found some friends
professional day two so they found the
friends and went played with them and I
figure it may as well go wear some
energy off think about the best snow day
ever huh hey so I'm dropping it oh my
word let's go inside butter to fall to
this location
I had to get my fake hand legs in the
water for the first time here in the
Hawaii water em and it's lovely it's not
this is not cold but it's not like so so
warm it's amazing
the water is great I don't know if this
is super weird that I feel so emotional
I think it's just because I'm so happy
here
and I feel like I don't know I don't I
wish you were here so bad and it doesn't
help that Olivia wanted to come so bad
Olivia I'm going to bring you to Hawaii
one day little Missy may all the girls
behind us has their blog cameras out
there all blogging but it's because it's
amazing like this just feels good
some I think that I'm going to call it a
night I want to get this footage to joel
because he is three hours four hours
behind us so it's going to be a late
night for him so I'm going to give this
footage film and I'll see you guys
tomorrow if you are not subscribed
subscribe so you can head of seeing the
rest of my bay cave
bye guys well we made it through the
first day of Bonnie being gone I think
we did a pretty good job today the kids
are having mac and cheese for dinner
which seems like it's not a great meal
but I added Hickory Farms sausage to it
which is something I used to do long ago
and I loved it so embody doesn't like
that so now that she's done which can
eat what I would eat and they're loving
it the other two kids are coming home
from their friend's house right now so
when they get here we will finish up
dinner and get some bass done and get
everybody cleaned up but if you liked
the video give it a thumbs up and keep
watching the
how much fun Bonnie's having in Hawaii
and how much fun I'm having to look like
it by myself this is the big deal this
week and I think I'm gonna handle it
okay thank you watching me and now I
close the vlog I haven't showed you the
dark contrast between Utah weather and
Bonnie Hawaii Logan is out there this is
unreal
