oh my gosh she wanted to give me a hug I
didn't even ask for it yes oh my gosh
and it's off because I've got lipstick
on you take care of daddy while I'm gone
okay be a good boy bye love you
getting in Joe's truck with that song
playing so so perfect and Joe should
have been a cowboy this is literally one
of Joe's of favorite songs right now and
I honestly love hearing songs I know
Joel I was like this song is totally him
look up both of those sons totally Joel
does this mean I like him okay this is
totally a good one Joel says this all
the time my walk is done for the day
usually I finished editing around 11 or
12 ish depending on the complexity of
the video yesterday's video is actually
really really awesome and so it took me
a little bit longer to edit and now I'm
getting ready to get in the shower which
I can obviously not show you but I show
you my favorite thing in the world I
don't know how many people do this but I
like taking a cold drink into the shower
I used to bring cold Mountain Dews cuz
that was the bomb now it's just cold
protein shakes sit and drink your cold
drink with a hot shower I'm gonna go
shower now
get out I said get out I've got a little
bit of room here that's not being
utilized and I want to really really
utilize it cuz I got a lot of junk cuz I
got four kids
I need to find a 40 inch shelf to match
that and I think I could fit another 40
inch shelf right there that's some stuff
done
show me you like how much gum you got in
your mouth right now that's the biggest
piece of gum ever you blow a bubble with
it
that's pretty pitiful bubble you're
gonna chew that while I'm gone get it
all nice and soft and when I get back
you're gonna blow a bubble for me okay
Oh bubble master
I'm very torn nobody makes really a
40-inch shelf
everything's like 36 inches they're like
48 inches I'm like that goes up like a
foot or a little bit bigger than that so
I mean they're a little bit way too
short or a little bit too big that
stinks because I really want to utilize
like the exact space that I have and not
only that I really wanted to match and
this is the closest that I think I found
that will match the ones that we have
I'm gonna check one more store just
because once they're down there they're
down there so I want to make sure I get
what I want my eyes my eyes get tired
from looking at the screen yeah don't
yours my wrists are together yeah
carpal tunnel I'm like quick quick quick
well I don't know if I was leaning
forward like this choosing pictures for
the cookbook and I stretched and my
sternum was like do you want to say a
prayer mom bought it now blessing
yesterday I was on the phone with Ruby
and I was crying
and I'm not so god I was so overwhelmed
and I was just like we have to go down
and pick up pictures for the cookbook
and and today I thoroughly enjoyed
myself like it's been work and our
brains are like our eyes and our brain
are like exhaustive so we need some
calories but I really have enjoyed what
we've been doing today I feel like work
goes by a lot better if you're enjoying
what you're doing I don't know I mean
that's like a dot thing
today's gone better than I thought I
think I got overwhelming part it's not
you're having all these things in your
head that you know are coming ahead
actually doing it isn't this difficult
that's actually yeah it's relieving yeah
how's it looking at your list is like
overwhelming but then when you start
working through the list it's like okay
I'm feeling relief because I'm getting
it done yeah now I'm just turning out
better than we thought um yeah
are you sat on your gum and it stuck to
your pants we got to wash them out does
it stuck on the chair I'll come in and
get it okay okay
no we're not gonna let you eat your gum
you sat on it that's gross
no cuz you obviously can't keep gum in
your mouth oh my hands are officially
for Rosen explain to me how your gum
fell out of your mouth he just realized
there's gum on his chair I'll clean it
up okay look daddy's gonna clean it up
okay
can you demonstrate was it like this
like like that there is gum on the chair
and that is a ginormous squad of gum on
your pants bud and Lincoln is not happy
because this is Lincoln's chair and you
got gum all over it look bud I got a
piece of gum out I gripped a whole chunk
off I think it took a little bit of
fibers with it but Levi's are tough if
there is one trick of the trade I have
learned from Bonnie it is that tough
stuff gets out everything and this is
probably a little bit more abrasive than
these pants maybe neat but getting all
the gum out did you put that gum there
yeah
Big Boss can do that that's so naughty
of you daddy's busy do you know what
your mom makes me do at night she makes
me rub her feet she makes me sit with
her and watch movies I'm so busy I just
don't have time got part of get that out
kick that stuff out come on Lincoln let
me help you
I think we're doing pretty good think
we've got almost all it out okay he goes
again
nope I don't think I do anything on it
you did it you got it all clean but
Lincoln Roy we did it we got the pants
clean now I got to get just a little bit
out of the chair
my favorite cake oh my word that's
amazing people eat the way he talks
listen to this me and my husband wanted
to thank you for the Longmire
recommendation get ready because when
the seasons are over you're gonna be
depressed and you're gonna go through
withdraws and for that I do apologize
what is wrong with me okay do you guys
remember when Julie was announcing of
her baby was a girl or a boy her baby
was a girl or a boy but I even sing oh
oh you guys I'm literally losing my mind
okay do you remember when Julie was
announcing if she's having a boy or a
girl and she's was having a girl but
everyone was having boys I had all my
boys in my mind and I was like your
first girl he's just like so comical and
dumb that it was just hilarious well I
just sent her a Marcopolo
and I was like Julie you are gonna die I
am gonna have so many clothes for your
baby boy next year and I was going
through and I was showing her all these
old clothes that are in such good
condition I was like not the summer that
he's born but next summer I have all
these 12 to 18 months shirts
I have hats that haven't even been worn
she was so sweet she was like thank you
so much you know that we love giving
baby clothes from you I think she's like
but I don't think my girl is gonna want
to wear any of those I was like well
Ellie and Emily we'll just have to look
through there and see if there's
anything that they would want for their
new baby boys wait is Emily's having a
boy or girl a boy or a girl did I just
say bow or Joel did I call you blower
jaw
always having a girl okay if I am around
or I think about Bo Joel's getting
called Bo I'm such a fruitcake get going
little divey get going little divey if
you guys enjoyed watching today's video
please give it a great big thumbs up we
always appreciate that and we'll see you
guys in tomorrow's video bye
